Maybe this place will stick? Over the years the building just south of Dunlap on Central has been many things, including its last incarnation a grill and steakhouse. But now things seem top be looking up for the location with west valley BBQ mainstay Dillons.\n\nDillons opened its first location at the corner of Thunderbird and the 101 in 1999 and was at the time, pretty much the only thing out there. Since then they've become so popular that opening several more locations were inevitable. I've managed to visit each store and I have to say it's definitely the same experience across the board with a mix of BBQ, Southern cooking and some Tex-Mex thrown in to round the menu out. \n\nFried Pickles ($6.99) are a favorite southern treat and are exactly what the name implies, dill pickles that are battered and fried. Be very careful eating these though because the juice from the pickles super heats inside and can potentially cause severe burns. I'm still pretty indifferent to these having never been blown away by them.\n\nYou've probably already noticed that anytime there are wings to be ordered, I order them. These are one of the easiest snacks to make and also one of the easiest to mess up. Dillons version of Crispy Chicken Wings ($7.99) are served up juicy and meaty under a light crunchy coating. They also hold back on bathing the wings serving the sauce on the side for your dipping pleasure. \n\nThe name may sound typical but the flavors of smoked the Chicken Quesadilla ($9.99) were far from it. Tender shredded smoked chicken tucked inside a grilled flour tortilla along with Monterrey jack and cheddar cheeses. Also served with sour cream and house made salsa, it's large enough to order as an entree. \n\nPiled high with thick cut bacon, smoked ham, melted cheddar cheese all resting on top of a crunch fried chicken breast, the Chicken Club Sandwich ($9.99) might give you palpitations but is worth every succulent flavor packed bite. The Turkey Club Sandwich ($9.99) is made much like its crispy fried cousin but instead uses sliced smoked turkey meat. After one bite though the meat tasted more like your typical grocery store cold cuts and not from the deli counter but the stuff that comes in bags, overly salty with little to no turkey flavor.\n\nMaking matters even worse was the salt content on the Red Devil Pork Sandwich ($9.29). The pulled pork and smoked sausage was slopped up with a vinegar based red pepper sauce and then topped with coleslaw. It really should have been a hit but instead left me reaching for my water glass, a few sips and the salty pain was gone.\n\nFinishing off the meal was the surprisingly decadent Cinnamon Apple Dumpling ($5.99). A baked pastry wrapped apple surrounded by cinnamon and sugar tortilla chips then adorned with scoops of vanilla ice cream and gooey apple pieces. \n\nThe dining room is covered with framed posters of old Hollywood. Who knew that Id some day dine with the likes of Marilyn Monroe and Audrey Hepburn. Breakfast at Dillons anyone?