It was a Thursday afternoon around 2 and I was on my way to Smokey Bones in Cranberry. I caught the Blue Water Tavern sign out of the corner of my eye and decided to give it a try. My visions of a tavern lunch were soon quashed as I walked in and there was absolutely nothing \"Tavern\" about it. \"Grille\", perhaps. Tavern? Hardly.(-1)\n There was a couple good beers and I had a Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA, which I had to ask for a glass for. Bartenders need to start paying attention to their craft, bottled beer should always come with a glass(-1). There seemed to be plenty of wines, tho, another mark towards the Grille moniker opposed to Tavern. The menu had no real standouts or appetizers, well I think they were camouflaged as \"Tapas\".. But, at $10 each I really didn't want a $20 lunch. I ended up going with the Buffalo Chicken sandwich and \"Fresh, Handcut\" fries. After I ordered, I sat and checked in on FourSquare and yelp on my phone and started reading the reviews. For a second I thought about just paying for the beer and leaving, the reviews were making me think I had made a mistake. This made me dread my decision staying(-1 negative publicity).\n My meal came promptly and I got a good laugh at the 9, yes nine, French Fries in all their Fresh glory. The sandwich was a good size and for as cheap as potatoes are, they really wasted a chance to fill out the plate a little for next to nothing and send the customer home full for less than 18 cents.(-1) It was a heavy hand that dealt the seasoned salt onto the fried potato, but they did taste good.The Buffalo Chicken sandwich tasted good,(+1) but the roll was fresh and soft and the sauce soaked in and made it soggy. If the bun was toasted, it would have been perfect.(-1)  I feel sandwiches that are \"hot\" should come with toasted bread, anyways.\nI laid a 20 up and the bartender gave me back 3 dollars and change. And I thought, wait, a sandwich, 9 fries and a beer. 6 dollars for the Dogfish Head. Now I know its not Bud or Miller Lite, but I drink it all the time and it's usually between 4 and 5 bucks. There is nothing there that makes this beer worth 6 dollars, that I had to beg for a glass for.(-1)\nI left a faux tavern hungry and disappointed, o wait, I knew it was going to be bad..I would give them No Stars and suggest eating at Sheetz across the street.