I just had the most insane experience at The Ultimate.  I am actually a hairstylist at a different salon on the West side of Madison, but I was given a gift card to The Ultimate for a facial.  My appointment was scheduled for 10:00am and I arrived at about 9:45am for my service.  I quickly noticed that all of the lights were off and the door was locked.  There was another girl waiting in the parking lot so I asked her if she was waiting for an appointment also.  She told me that she actually worked there and it was her first day and she wasn't sure what was going on.  I then realized that she was the person who was supposed to give me my facial.  She was very nice and I could tell she felt really bad so I told her not to worry I would just wait in my car for a few mins and see if someone shows up.  She then told me that she had been waiting already for over an hour.  After about 20 mins I was finally let in to the salon and was greeted by the owner.  She told me that the girl who was supposed to be doing my facial had left.  I explained to her that I had been given a gift card and at this point after all of my trouble and waiting I would just prefer to get my money back.  She then went in to along story about how the FBI is investigating for fake gift cards that have been issued online.  She asked me where I got the gift card and when it was purchased and wanted all of the info off of it.  I felt as though I was being interrogated!  All I wanted to do was use my gift card and get a relaxing facial!  She told me that people had been selling fake gift cards to her salon online and I assured her that my mom had purchased the gift card in her salon, not online.  She was slurring her words and seemed very our of sorts.  After some exchanging of words I realized that I was not going to get anywhere with her so I gathered my things and left.  I am not sure what I am going to do now because I have a $75 gift card that I have no interest in using.  Being a hairstylist myself, I know that we would never talk or treat our customers this way.  If you are thinking of trying this place I would strongly urge you find somewhere else.