Terrible!!! Against my better judgement, we tried out mr. Tokyo based on the glowing reviews. I normally stay away from buffets and all you can eat deals because the food is usually mediocre or terrible, but somehow we found ourselves here hoping for some good food...not looking for a deal. First warning sign was that it is not Japanese run or operated. Yes, they're East Asian, but not Japanese...not the same! I guess it's better than the sushi place uptown that was run and operated by Indians!?! Needless to say, it went out of business. \n\nThey didn't have sparkling water so we settled for club soda (they charged us for club soda, now that's a first). We ordered lemonade for my 4yo and asked for an extra cup to split the drink with our 19 month old. They wouldn't allow it - she can't drink a whole cup and we never intended for a refill. Fine, order another lemonade. Neither of my girls drank more than a quarter of their drinks. Then as we ordered, asked about sashimi pieces and the waitress repeated several times how there's a .50 surcharge for sashimi. OK, it's written there plain as day and we still want it. Then I asked the difference between a classic vs. hand roll, stating I want the kind with rice on the outside. Response: if you don't want rice, it's an extra dollar. Ummm I want rice but thanks for reminding how you nickel and dime your customers anyway you can. Also, if you're removing an ingredient and it's all made on request, why would you charge extra?? So strange.\n\nRe: food, we started with miso soups that tasted like tap water and almost raw seaweed. I ordered fried rice for the kids, shrimp tempura, gyoza dumplings, spring rolls and cali roll. I've never seen a shrimp tempura look like that...it was also mainly batter and very little shrimp. Spring rolls were bland and Costco has better dumplings. My mother and husband eat sashimi and sushi often so they ordered the volcano roll, a few pieces of salmon and yellowtail. They were extremely disappointed by the lack of freshness with the sashimi. The volcano roll was DRENCHED in mayo and sauce - my husband felt like he drank a bottle of mayo. After our initial plates, we were still hungry but didn't want to subject ourselves to more terrible food. We regretted not going to musashi (Japanese family run) or Baku. I would GLADLY pay double or triple the amount to eat quality Japanese food and also not be reminded constantly about how much you are paying for the food. It was such a bizarre and kind of annoying experience. My husband apologized profusely for even suggesting it. \n\nIf you like sashimi, head over to clean catch fish market and request their sashimi grade faro island salmon or tuna. Pair it with some soy sauce, wasabi and ginger, and you'll have a delicious sashimi experience in Charlotte, in your home! If that's too much work, try musashi or Baku - much more expensive, but you get what you're paying for.