Let me begin by saying I have considerable experience dealing with this company.  I rented a property through them for several years, and have dealt with them several times over the course of those years, regarding a variety of issues.  Let me also say I believe in giving fair, accurate reviews, so I will do my best here to be as objective as I can.\n\nAfter several years of renting through this company, I have to say that unfortunately, I would never, ever choose to rent through them again.  Not because of the staff, (who were usually courteous and helpful,) but because of the property manager.  He is absolutely terrible and clearly knows nothing about professionalism, politeness, or how a business should treat its customers.  I would like to have given a more positive review, but I simply can't.  Let me explain:\n\nIf you rent through Sterling, you will almost immediately encounter a man named \"Bruce,\" the property manager for Sterling.  During your years renting, you will need Bruce's approval almost anytime you need something fixed, and he is the one who will be performing the inspection of the property at move-in and move-out.  This is where the problem comes in:  Bruce is horribly unprofessional.  He is rude, often makes sarcastic remarks, and will avoid phone calls from you if he knows you are calling with something he doesn't want to deal with, such as when something is broken and you are looking for an update as to when someone will be coming to fix it.  I just read the review here from Cyndi C., and I have to say, I had a very similar experience.  Consider the following example:\n\nWhen my wife and I moved out of the property we were renting last spring, we were required to have Bruce do an inspection of the property.  We made sure to take very good care of the property, so I wasn't concerned about this.  Bruce's staff informed me he would be meeting me at the property on a certain date and time.\n\nFailure #1:\nHe shows up looking like he slept in his car.  His attire was sloppy and unprofessional, and he appeared to be in a very bad mood, as usual.  This type of thing was typical for him, so I overlooked it, at least at first.\n\nFailure #2:\nHe was even ruder than usual, walking around making sarcastic remarks about everything and cutting me down for even the most minor of issues.  He even complained there was dust on top of the fridge, saying, \"you'll have to tell your wife she missed that.\" This is simply unacceptable. I continued to try to be professional with him, to no avail.  He was very smug the entire time, and seemed to think his sarcastic remarks were quite clever; they weren't.  He seems to think he sounds quite intelligent when he says them; he doesn't.  \n\nFailure #3:\nHe then proceeded to talk poorly about his other renters to me, behind their back.  He began telling me about how awful some of his current & past renters have been, etc.  He even went as far as bragging to me that he \"doesn't care if his renters don't like him and give him poor reviews.\"  Really?  What kind of business manager doesn't care about his own customers experiences?  Would you honestly want to rent from a company that views business this way?  Furthermore, those are strong words from a company that doesn't even have an \"A\" rating with the Better Business Bureau.  (Look it up for yourself.)  If he had any sense at all, he would care what his customers think and do everything possible to raise that rating, not brag about how little he cares.  This, too, is unacceptable.  Wow...I guess some people's standards are just lower than others.\n\nFailure #4:\nLater that week, he avoided my phone calls.  I had noticed that he cited me for some minor issues which I had called about many times while still living there, and I wanted to discuss this with him, as well as talk about his conduct that day.  His staff informed me several times that he would be calling me back; he never did.  I guess avoiding calls from tenants magically makes problems go away, right?  How wonderfully convenient!  I am filled with respect for you.\n\nNot surprisingly, Sterling's office seems to have a lot of turnover as well.  Gee, I wonder why?  In addition, do not be swayed by the seemingly positive reviews here; if you read them closely, you will notice they come from people who have not done business with Sterling for more than about 18 to 24 months.  I have dealt with this company for years, and I am confident that had these people rented somewhat longer, they would have seen the ugly side of this company.  18-24 months isn't a long time, and it is likely these people experienced very few issues during this time which would elicit a negative response from Sterling.  \n\nIn closing, might I suggest that Bruce study the following books:\n\n1)  Property Management for Dummies\n2)  Business Professionalism and Customer Relations\n3)  Manners and Etiquette for the Completely Clueless\n4)  The Complete Idiot's Guide to Responding to Tenant Phone Calls