I had been wanting to go here for a while but was somewhat apprehensive after my experience at another steakhouse, which shall remain unnamed.  Located directly on Carson Street, it is surprisingly easy to find parking since there is an off-street parking lot less than a block away.  \n\nThe ambiance was rather nice, but the best part was the warmth.  It was so cold outside and the fires inside helped to dispel the chill.  We were seated in a booth and handed our menus.  I hoped that the lack of other patrons was not to be a foreshadowing of what was to come.  It didn't take us long to realize that the service was atrocious.  It took some time for our waitress to finally make her way to us and take our drink order. Luckily, we were also ready to place our order at that point and so got the entire ordeal out of the way:\n\nCoke\nUnsweet Tea with Lemon\nTurkey Noodle\nBeer steamed shrimp\n16 oz NY Strip (medium-rare) with Green beans and Cheddar\/bacon smashed potatoes\n\nAfter about another 15 minutes, our waitress finally decided to bring our drinks and the soup.  Unfortunately, she brought the wrong soup -- Chicken Tortilla.  We immediately sent the soup back and I think that the waitress sensed my impending explosion due to the current service we were receiving.  Why?  Well, she actually started to appear more often and become more attentive to the people that pay her bills.  A cascade occurred and we received the soup, rolls and butter, and the beer steamed shrimp.\n\nThe food that arrived, though, was just not good.  The rolls had large amounts of sage on top and were not thoroughly cooked.  The Turkey Noodle soup was predominately a smoky flavor and not much else.  The shrimp were rubbery and after eating only one I was in Old Bay overload -- over-seasoned!  I was not looking forward to my dinner entree at this point.\n\nWhen the entree finally arrived, I figured I would save the steak for last and tried the green beans and the smashed potatoes.  They were plagued with the same inability to cook as the appetizers and rolls.  I didn't think it could get any worse and tried the steak.  \n\nI swear there was a light that shined down from above on the steak with angels singing as I tasted it.  The flavor was amazing.  How in the world could the steak be so good and everything else taste like cow manure?  Regardless of the reason, I split that steak in two and forgot about everything else on the table.  \n\nAs poor as the situation and the preponderance of the meal was, the steak WAS that good.  The steak by itself would have been at least a 5.  The service and rest of the food brings the rating down to a 3.  Don't go here expecting to eat anything but the steak with maybe a beer or a cocktail and you won't be disappointed.  I wish it was cheaper.