Old world ambiance in a retro-vintage space with a modern touch and a killer chef. Fabulous indeed. \n\nThe fine folks from FnB are taking over Old Town with their local-loving style and three fresh concepts: Baratin, Bodega, and AZ Wine Merchants. The focus, as always, is great food, great drinks, and great vibes. And no one would be able to pull it together so beautifully as the FnB team. \n\nBaratin is that quaint café you stumble across while exploring the streets of Paris - or in this case, the Kiva Center courtyard on 5th Avenue in Scottsdale. Peeking through those sky-high windows, you will catch a glimpse of casual, café dining at its finest. Clean lines, reclaimed Ponderosa wood bar and tables, a mixture of vintage and modern fixtures, and intriguing art set an intimate tone that warms the room. In its very small space, Baratin is set up to serve a clientele looking for a casual yet intimate place to stop for bite to eat. Baratin will serve the best that Arizona has to offer in a few ever-changing plates: A snack, a salad, a veggie, a meat\/cheese plate, a sandwich, and a dessert, served alongside an ever-changing menu of half bottles of wine, local beer, and dainty cocktails. You can choose your seat to overlook the lovely courtyard and take in the vibe, or you can sit at the bar to watch the magic unfold. With only 28 seats, you will always be in the best seat in the house.\n\nFact: anything that Charlene Badman makes, you will love. The opening sandwich was amazing: Tender Belly bacon, butternut squash, goat cheese, greens and crispy onion on focaccia. The veggie was amazing: grilled broccoli with fried egg, whole grain mustard aioli, butter croutons and olives. And the citrus marinated olives served with grilled bread was, of course, amazing. \n\nWith its changing menu and very reasonable price point, I imagine Baratin will be a place to stop in (very) frequently to satisfy those foodie cravings and share a bottle of wine. As FnB's flirty younger sister, Baratin is definitely catching my attention.\n\nBefore you leave, take the tour of the small Bodega. You'll find a tiny foodie paradise filled with delicious Charlene creations, locally-sourced veggies, cheeses, oils, and meats. There are adorable aprons for sale, and Sweet Republic ice cream. What more could you need? \n\nBaratin-Bodega-AZ Wine Merchants - one-stop for all of your local, foodie-loving needs.