This place is racist against white people.\n\nAnd this theory does not count to those who bring a long an African-American person with them if they are white. \nIt only works if you're a white man standing there alone. Andrew. Commonsense is thrown  right out the window.\n\nThey started laughing at me when they found out I was waiting more than half an hour for food and one person called me a cracker. Too bad that any event like this would never make the news because it's a white person being discriminated against so I will just listed here and I'm sure that this listing will also get deleted somehow. But yes I am definitely stating that I felt completely discriminated against due to my skin color. \nI came And after I had placed an order to go over the telephone and I was told at the front counter that it would just be a moment. \nNo one even acknowledged my existence after that except for pointing and laughing from the back near the kitchen. \nI stood in one spot for half of an hour and when I did ask somebody how much longer it would be even though I had called the order in an hour ago she told me to wait one second and she would be right back with an answer and then I saw her serving tables.\nI was practically except for three others the only Caucasian male in this restaurant. I counted when I started realizing what was going on.\nI ended up telling them to never mind on my order and then I left due to embarrassment when I saw one African-American male literally point at me and said \"this cracker has been waiting where is his food.\"\nIt's too bad no new station whatever pick this up but just be aware I experienced exactly what I said I have no reason to lie it was very very uncomfortable.\nIf you want Greek food there's 1 million other restaurants around Lolos chicken and waffles. Lolo... What does that even mean? Is that in English word? \nDONT EAT HERE!\n\n*ANDREW S- you cross the line sir. Let me explain to you why. You may not get this or understand it but I will make sure that you do by the end of this. You just slandered my name. Defamation of character is the legal term\/slanderous. Everything you have said that I said as far as me being violent and making threats and also that I am a racist is now in print by your hand. This makes you liable for slander\/defamation of character. Not only are you liable but yelp is as well. Here's the best news. I am an attorney and this is my specialty defamation lawsuit. Andrew I hope you have some money because every Day that it remains in print labeling me as a racist for the public to see and also saying I should be banned from a store because I am a danger to others Is a horrible slander. This is an attorney this is what I do. Unfortunately you cannot change any of the text that I wrote to you not once did i say anywhere or eluded to Me being a racist. I'm not going to explain myself here but if you knew my personal life you would know that is not the case. Andrew you can report me all day long to yelp but I have a feeling that yelp will remove your post before they do mine. I found you on Facebook now I know you are so I will proceed with the lawsuit it does not cost me a dime and it will be good exercise for me in court I could use the practice usually everyone else at my firm does the work for me this time I'm taking it personally. In this day and age You need to be careful about what you say about people because it will in the end in fact come back to bite you. I don't want you to remove your post I want you to leave it up there where you say your slander and or defamation that I am a racist every day that goes by means more and more damages in the end. Damages just so you know is what is the most expensive part of a lawsuit. I have lost sleep over this I have not eaten since I read your post and I may have to seek therapy because of what you said about me. The longer you leave the post up the more money I will receive in the end this is a slamdunk deformation\/slander lawsuit if you don't believe me call in attorney and ask but just make sure you give them the ACTUAL FACTS Before proceeding. Your childish behavior and actions including blocking me as well as your damaging words have impacted my life in many ways to this point. Next step is a subpoena it will be a certified letter sent to your door explaining exactly what I am suing you for.