Having never actually been to a concert in Vegas, I didn't quite know what to expect. A few of my friends have done the concert thing in Sin City, but while some liked the experience a lot, others didn't. Not much help right?\n\nI was super excited when Muse decided to add a Vegas date on their Resistance tour and roped in Cheryl Y and Johnny R to go along with me. Since the show didn't start until 8PM we spent the hours before hand shopping, gambling, and drinking. \n\nSince we were staying at TI instead of Mandalay, we left a little after 7PM for the venue. Like any other concert scene, the traffic leading into the parking structure was a little nightmare-ish. The good thing was the abundance of police officers directing cars where to go, and making sure the no one was being an obnoxious ass and blocking others.\n\nThe event center was pretty close to the parking structure, and security was very organized. It's also free just like most hotels in Vegas. It didn't take us that long to get in and start looking for our seats. From prior experiences I decided to get my concert merch before since the lines are shorter and well, you don't have to worry about what you want being sold out. The lines after the show got out was just horrific, and holding up all the people trying to get out. It was quite literally like a mob scene.\n\nIf you're a drinking type at concerts then you'll love the set up. Literally cash bars, beer bars, and snack bars all over the place. While some of them are cash only, you can always go to a snack bar and order there if you have a credit card.\n\nI'm sure you're also dying to know how my concert was right? Well Silversun Pickups was good but not great. Don't get me wrong, I love them, but their sound is more suited for a smaller venue. Sure they were the opening act, but the whole set-up was better for Muse than SSPU. Still, if I ever get the chance I'm sure to see SSPU again.\n\nNow onto Muse. What can I say really. They were awesome. Matthew Bellamy sounded as great as I hoped he would. Dom's drum set actually spun around so those sitting with a partial view (behind the set) got to see him drum his heart out. The set list was fantastic. While this tour was for their latest album, they included a lot of their earlier hits (Starlight, New Born, Plug in Baby, Knights of Cydonia, and Supermassive Black Hole).\n\nDefinitely had a great time with good friends :) Thanks Churro for coming with!