A few weeks ago, I had a pretty disappointing visit to the other Al's Donuts near UNLV. Unfortunately, their new location, which is a collaboration with Café Burgers, was just as much of a let down.\n\nFor starters, this new location is inside the Tenaya Village center off of Tenaya and Azure. They are located at the far west side of the plaza and have a fairly big sign on the outside of the building. Inside the restaurant, you'll find a counter to order food at and the donut display cases. They do have a decent amount of seating as well for those who wish to dine in. \n\nWe ended up calling in an order and right off the bat, things went downhill as I found out the online menu wasn't updated with what they currently offer. While extremely weird sounding, I actually wanted to try the Maple Bacon Kronut Burger listed on the site. That burger, as well as 2 other burgers we had hoped to order were completely removed from the current menu. They've also changed a few items and some of the burgers descriptions don't match what's actually being served. \n\nWhen it comes to the burgers, I sadly can't recommend anyone come here to get one. Everything is straight out of a package and is severely lacking in flavor. Buns are packaged. Patties are frozen. Sauces are bottled. I'm not even sure the onions on my burger were fresh cut. While the Classic burger is only about $5, some of the \"gourmet\" options are priced up to $10 and the quality is nowhere near worth that. Keep in mind, these prices don't include fries either. The fries by the way, also frozen. To top it off, the Buffalo Bill burger that I ordered, has apparently been combined with another burger on the menu called the Texas Smokehouse. It's an odd combination of ranch, BBQ sauce, buffalo sauce, onions, bacon and cheese. Even aside from the quality, I wasn't digging the flavor, or lack thereof.\n\nMoving on to the donuts and kronuts, I can only suggest you check out my review of the other Al's location. Not surprisingly, the product here is exactly the same and I still am not a fan. However, I must say that I enjoyed one of the kronut petites I was given to sample as I was waiting for my food. What's odd is I actually took home a dozen pack of these to the fam, but they ended up being extremely dry. They were packaged in a separate to-go container, so maybe that had something to do with it. \n\nWhat am I fan of at Al's Donuts & Café Burger? The service. Aside from being slightly confused when I tried to order, the two ladies I dealt with were great. They were extremely helpful and friendly. I ended up being there for about 15 minutes while waiting for my food and they were kind of enough to keep checking on me as well.\n\nAs we all know though, service isn't all that counts and the food certainly won't bring me back.