Sadly, I was reminded that anywhere you buy a used car, there will be used car salespeople.  If you've never bought a used car, be prepared to be hoodwinked no matter where you go.  I asked for a set price and was willing to go with a Civic when I started.  I was talked up to my max price, which was expected.  We were shown an Accord which I was assured was in my price range so I  said yes because who wouldn't want six cylinders and a sunroof?  \n\nThey said it was a trade-in that week and hadn't gone through inspection yet but the paperwork was as good as done.  This is completely my opinion, but when we got in the car for a test drive the salesperson realized the car was worth more than they quoted.  He even said out loud, \"Oh I thought this was 4 cylinders\".  I said I'll take it.  I signed the papers and paid and they said it would go through emissions testing and get detailed (cleaned) within two days and I can come pick it up.\n\nA day or two later they call and tell me the car is on hold because \"the bank didn't approve the loan on the new car for the person who traded my car in\".  So I'm waiting a week and a half \"for the paperwork to get approved by the bank\".  They even go so far as to give me a loaner car to keep me interested which I had for another week and a half.  After which I called and said it's too long to wait and they need to show me another vehicle of same or equal value.  They showed me a car worth two or three grand less and I got irked finally and put my foot down.  I looked on Craigslist and found several Accords clearly in the same price range and I called and said I want an Accord from you guys or I want to cancel the deal so I can go elsewhere.  They call me back same day announcing \"the paperwork for the first car I looked was approved today\" and I can come pick it up now!\"  \n\nIt's a miracle, right?  Wrong, of course!  I'm sorry but that puts my b.s. meter way over the top and I think it would for anybody else too.  They were doing their best to blow a snowstorm in my face but anyone taking five minutes to read between the lines knows what's going on.  \n\nWould I buy from them again?  Of course!  But they taught me a valuable lesson.  If they say it's still in paperwork from a trade-in, don't sign or pay anything!  Only sign and pay if they say it's a done deal and you can drive it off the lot that minute.  It doesn't matter if there's no warranty and the engine may fall out the second you drive it off the lot.  It's yours and you're not hung up in a mire of baloney paperwork they can use to sell you an inferior vehicle.  I'm not suggesting a bait and switch.  I'm saying the sales rep made a mistake and they weren't willing to admit it and eat the cost of the error.  They made me suffer for a few weeks until I got p.o.'d enough to put the onus back on them.  It's just really unfortunate because I love Honda's.  \n\nSo the lesson learned is: Love your favorite car maker.  But always go into a used car dealership prepared to defend yourself.  Even if it's attached to a dealership for Honda, Lexus, Mercedes Benz, Nissan, Toyota, Pinto, Volkswagen, Rolls Royce...