Paid the puppy's bail! Now that puppy is on parolee. Quick let's get out of here! \n\nThe love of an animal is a brilliant and beautiful site. A dog is one of the most amazing treasures that humans can share. There is a special bond that is formed when the right dog finds you. This is what happened on this trip. I had one that I thought was going to be my new puppy. When I got here the puppy I thought I wanted was an all wrong decision. This did not change my mind I walked through the rooms with so many silver kennels and found that puppy that needed me and vice versa.\n\nHow did I know that this was the right puppy for me? There is a spark that happens when you know that is your dog. It is hard to explain, but it is a wall or electric strike that you feel inside. You spin around and know that this is your puppy. Maybe it is a strike that the puppy zaps. I have always believed that the right dog will pick you. Now that we understand how to pick our furry animals let's move on to how to take it home and pay their bail. \n\nThe animal Foundation is a wonderful organization that provides great care to the animals here. Most of the workers play with all the animals here. They knew all of the dogs by name and most of there personality characteristics too. I was so impressed on how they care for each and ever puppy located here. Trust that they have a lot of dogs here. The compassion that the employees shower on the animals here is so beautiful. They almost don't want to let the puppies go when they are adopted because of those bonds they have developed between them! For the right home though it is ok to turn the leash reigns to someone else to carry!\n\nLet's talk about what is needed to take that new special animal home! To prove whom you are on a legal basis an individual must present their government issued identification card or drivers license. To prove where you live bring a utility bill, phone bill, or credit card\/bank statement for proof of address. After you pass that hurdle then it's time to answer some questions about animals that you have at home and such. For me, I have a service dog which is considered a tool by the handlers and not a dog under the protection of the disability law. I brought the prescription for my service dog and they already knew that my dog would get along with the new dog. The questions continue as they tell you what history they have of your soon to be new pet. \n\nAfter all the questions you sign on the dotted line. You have spent the 15 to 30 minutes playing and walking your soon to be new furry puppy. Now it is time to pay the man, and they hand you the puppies bail papers then you can leave. Now this is a rescued puppy that has a \"forever home!\" What could be better than that? Maybe another furry puppy, but that's another chapter. \n\nThe Animal Foundation deserves a round of applause the staff here are so kind and compassionate. They devote all their energy to ensuring the absolute best for each animals. It is such a beautiful fairy tale. I hope that all the puppies, kitties, bunnies, and all the other exotic animals get forever homes! If not the staff will continue to care for each animal providing them with love. If you are in need of a friendly four legged companion that will spread love and happiness then you know where to come!