First time I came here was over the summer of last year. Boyfriend was craving Oxtail soup and wanted me to try it since I have never had it in my life! \n\nIt was a little after 2:00am when we arrived here, and no joke this place was hopping. The line was long and the wait was about 15mins to get a table. Everyone was there from old to the very young. The hostess was nice as she sat us toward the back of the dining room. Now I am not one to complain about where I eat, but some of you might turn your nose up and the place. First of all, this is not new Vegas, its old Vegas. Things are well taken care of in this place (think Denny's) but have an older feel. They have midnight specials, which cannot be beat by anyone else around town! Cheap prices on good cooking!\n\nOur waiter was nice, as he brought us water and our silverware! Boyfriend ordered two bowls of their oxtail soup and two sides of rice. \n\nWhen the waiter brought our bowls to the table, all I could think was. How am I going to finish all this? There sitting in front of me was a piping hot and smelling delicious oversized bowl of  the tenderness looking meat sitting on the bone (psst don't tell anyone but I found out that it isn't really ox meat it's the meat from a cow)with cilantro, carrots and mushrooms.\n\n The side bowl of sticky rice was piled high. The rice was okay did not eat much of it, but the soup was fully loaded with flavor definitely leaving the bones in makes the broth that much better. \n\nSince this was my first time eating the meat from the soup, I was not as graceful as my boyfriend was while eating it. Instead, I tore into it with a knife and fork and when that did not work, I used my fingers to get the meat off the bone. Yes, I am not happy to admit that but just could not think of putting the bone near my mouth and chomp chomping away at it! \n\nNot 100% full we decided on having a little sweet snack before leaving. Ordered the banana fritters, which were pretty filling as I could only managed to eat two before being totally full!\n\nMake a note people before coming here: Oxtail soup is not served during the day it is only served after 11:00pm...  \n\nThis place is totally worth going to DTLV for late at night!