Weeks ago, I allowed myself to be in a clusterfuck traffic citation. I've beaten myself up psychologically and sadly affected someone close. I apologize to her constantly, but I remain an abused mental stepchild.\n\nWhen you deal with 1) DMV, 2) hospital, 3) insurance 4) courthouse offices, you can GUARANTEE that after dragging your lazy ass out of bed, looking and dressing somewhat respectable (flush out your crotch in the case of the Doc), looking for parking, find the damn right building, right entrance, waiting for a minimum 40 minutes with Tatooine's Cantina Bar and nursery, spend weeks compiling a folder with all the shit you need, progress comes to a SCREECHING HALT when the \"person\" at the front window tells you you don't have the ONE piece of paper that blows the only available morning you have for 2 weeks to get this shit done. So we decided to get something to eat at least before my girl went to work. \n\nWell, that's a tough setup for a neutral first impression of a restaurant, but we didn't plan on that. We thought we were going to Bay City Café to have a comfort meal, get our moods back up. Already frazzled on making decisions, I went against the cardinal rule in going there: sit at the counter. The lady led us to the back and I went because we haven't in a long time. BUT, I eat at the counter because there are always servers passing, plus you can see if your food is sitting in the service window and they are quicker to bring it to you when you're staring at it and them. \n\nWe stared at the cover of the menu for about 30 seconds before even opening it. Du-Par's? What. Is. Going. On? Then we notice the staff. The waitresses are dressed all 50's style, with the cool little hat (that nurses wore in the 50's?) all the busser vests had new embroidered logos. We look for deals, they have 4 Blue Plate specials. When I was little, somehow we aquired a blue plate that my mother always used to cook fried rice on or whatever for me when I was down. I had a lot of meals on this thing. I want to say it had Independence Hall on it. I remember a bell tower and a capped bicyclist. *shakes head* Anyway, I got a basic breakfast (#4), an egg, (wheat) toast, hash browns and turkey sausage links. My girl got Pancakes, egg and turkey links. \n\nLater in the menu, there's the story of the family that runs the chain in southern California. That's alright. Now I'm home, this new location isn't even on their web page yet. On the table was a Knott's jelly caddy, but with Heinz jellies. I tried to remember if Bay City had Knott's (my favorite restaurant, theme park and jelly, from SoCal) before the change. So they are open 24 hours now, but we didn't get to see that menu. I've been disappointed so many times wanting Bay City to find it closed late. We freaked from the menu I think because the old one hadn't even been around for a year, I believe. Bay City used to have $7 specials: Spaghetti and garlic bread, a huge ass bowl of stew, spaghetti and something else. That's why I originally went. Then Bush's recession all but eliminated casino specials, most notably the $3 Steak and eggs a few casinos had from 11:00PM to 6:00AM. After staycations became popular for 2009 vacation season, meal specials started popping up again, though a dollar or 2 higher. \n\nWe get breakfast, and were enjoying it. Then we looked at the pancakes, apparently what they're known for. Is that cream cheese inside? No, just really undercooked. After 4 tries to flag down out busser and neighboring server (where had ours gone?), we had them put in an order of toast to sub the cakes. In her defense our server ran around with other tables and they were still learning the new system, I suppose. But that's what soft openings are for and apparently they had been open since last Thursday, so they handled a weekend's rushes. Plus a kid nearby after us got his pancakes cooked to a good brown. Our server comes up and plops a check down and we told her about the pancakes, so I can see her make a side of toast up front. Apparently no one started it. We get the toast and to be honest, by now anyone else would have walked to the front to speak to a manager. And I am giving them more than their share of doubts because we came to calm down, not escalate my anger and ruin my girl's day, she still had to to work. Now we're worried about the dough settling in our bellies later. She took a Tums in the car, just in case. \n\nBay City WAS 5 stars with their $7 specials. They went to 4 with the revised \"recession\" menu. I'm afraid I have to Give Du-Par's 3 stars, whereas most would give it 2 if they wrote this review. Sorry, we'll try you again  some late night after the new system has been broken in more and we don't feel like walking over to Gold Spike.\n\nAnd the courthouse sits there blocks away, waiting for a confrontation after an unknown amount of days for my citation to be \"in the system.\" Bet your ASS if I got pulled over again it would be in the fuckin cop car's SCMODS