I want to preface this review with the fact that we did reach a financial agreement, and TLC was willing to work with me. \nHowever I still feel inclined to write a review so that others out there know what they are getting themselves into. I have a Rottie mix who has been in and out of five homes and has some aggression issues. I had called multiple people, and was impressed by Bills experience and education. Normally I would not pay 250 with services not yet rendered, however for his time and expertise, I took a chance. He also explained to me, the 250 was for a 2-3 hour hands on session to evaluate my dog and then a small session. Bill took about 30 minutes talking to me about my dog, and then sent me a questioner. He told me my dog probably needed between 500-2000 worth of training classes, but could not know till he had a hands on evaluation. I thought, that is a lot of money, but at least 250 is hard at work to see what my dog needs.\nI was very excited for Bill to come to my home and start the evaluation and training. However when he got here, he came in very unprepared. He had no paper work with him. He asked me all the same questions I had already answered on the questioner and over the phone, and I felt a little put off by his lack of preparation for our session.\nNow, I could have let this slide, I understand people get busy, but after spending 10-15 minutes on that, he spends about 20 minutes on a sales pitch for classes my dog needs. At this point he has not spent more then 1 or 2 minutes hands on with my Dog. I do not call asking the questions you already knew an evaluation. and I could have heard about these training classes over the phone, you did not need to come to my house to sell this to me. He also told me he walked in thinking my dog was a 3000 training case. Which was not at all what he discussed with me over the phone.\nJust to make sure I asked Bill, Is this all your doing today? And he said yes. I mentioned to him my frustration with the session. How he did not spend time evaluating or training my dog, but instead, I paid him 250 for a sales pitch I could have heard over the phone, and he could have told me over the phone since he was not intending to work with my dog to actually see what he needed. His response was that it was non refundable, and his time was not free. \nNow I have read the reviews on his training, and I don't doubt that he is a good trainer. I  think he does have a good education and probably knows a lot about what he is doing and how to do it. I just don't think his business practice is very professional. He is very money focused, and you have to read the small print and be careful what you sign or you could be out a lot of money. So Im not saying don't train with him, Im just saying be VERY careful where and how you spend your money and if you plan to do it with him. They don't have an F on the BBB for no reason. All I have to say is do your research.