This place makes me angry even days after leaving it and thinking back on the experience, hence the bad review. We put our names down for 6 with our number and was told they'd call us when our table was ready, about 45 minutes. We thought it was a reasonable wait time since it seemed busy. 1.5 hours later and no call, so we go back to the restaurant and checked to see if it was still super busy, and it was NOT. In fact, it was half empty. The hostess \"looked\" and said they called us (total bs), but we never received it. But its ok, we were hungry, we waited, so we were going to give it a shot. I mean, the hostess and her two other hostess friends had to look around and make sure there was actually a table open or a seat available, even then they were debating on a whether to open a table for us. I mean, i guess a party of 6 doesn't fit in your 50 empty tables with no customers after everyone ate and left, your restaurant is dead empty, and you completely forgot about us. Who does that!? Like, hey you don't have a reservation and our restaurant is empty, so we don't know whether we can serve you, but we want to keep our jobs, so we'll try and fit you somewhere in between the 50 empty tables. Thanks a lot ! \n\nWe sat down and looked at the menu and decided to order 3 sandwiches and a salad. 30 minutes later, our sandwiches come out and my friends salad had an interesting interpretation of what a salad was. In my mind, salads usually have lettuce as the base, but this one was more avocado. Probably about 3-5 shredded pieces of lettuce and a giant avocado and filled with chicken and bacon. I guess lettuces are expensive in the humid dry desert. I mean, if it were me, i'd be happy with all the meat, but i'd also like lettuce in my salads. The salad also came without dressing which was even more depressing. No balsamic vinaigrette, so they replaced it with a red wine vinaigrette that was apparently disgusting. Sandwiches were ok, but the plates were filled with some decent fries. If I had to guess, the restaurant ran out of ingredient but not potatoes or fries. \n\nThe service was lackluster and we were left very disappointed. I must also point out that when we entered, the oyster bar \/ mussel bar was also very depressing looking with not so fresh oysters and mussels that looked like they sat there for a decade. Anyways, I'm not going back ever again. I'll just eat at the food court if I want crappy food, at least i'll get good service and a well balanced portion of food. Maybe they'll even serve me lettuce in my salad? Food for thought. \n\nTips: \n\nDON'T ORDER A SALAD!!!