We just finished up a 6 day stay on the 12th floor of the Mandalay Bay and were pretty disappointed.   We were there for a conference, which by the way is still a very long walk from the rooms.\n\nSelf parking is free, but there didn't seem to be any way to get help with luggage at check in.  It's very beautiful as you drive up and valet, but if you self park you have to drive around to another block and enter through the parking garage.\n\nWe had problems with a lack of hot water every single time we took a shower.  We called, they told us to let the water run for 5-10 minutes first. This did not help, and it's a pretty ridiculous suggestion when the hotel is certainly not cheap. For $250 a night I would certainly expect hot water for a shower.  After calling the first day they told us they'd send someone up to fix a valve.  Apparently this didn't happen because we had the same issue the next day.  I got in the lukewarm shower, put shampoo in my hair and then the water went ice cold.  On the third day they sent someone up who replaced a valve\/shower knob, but you will never have a hot shower unless you let the water run for 10 minutes.  Our uber driver told us this is a known issue at this hotel.\n\nOur $200+ a night hotel room included zero complimentary amenities.  No mini fridge ($40 a night if you ask), no microwave, no complimentary coffee, no complimentary water, or plastic cups (to take ice to the pool).  No complimentary late check out.\n\nWe decided to pay $30 extra for late check out, and ended being locked out of our room early anyways.  This happens a lot.\n\nWe were charged $4 for coffee that we never made in the room. We didn't touch it. We paid the outrageous prices downstairs to not have to make it ourselves and still overpay.\n\nThe feel of the hotel and room were pretty nice as you'd expect (nice new furniture, carpets, cool mural wallpaper) but my only complaint is that no matter how many lights I turned on it always felt dark at the desk where I was trying to work (I know most people aren't in Vegas to work, but just in case haha).  Having two closets, and two sinks was great.  There's no fan in the toilet area so that's a little weird for privacy\/ventilation.  \nThe beach\/pool area was really cool. There's a cardio center, but I didn't try that out.  I liked that the ventilation in the casino was decent, so the smoke smell wasn't too overwhelming.  Everything is absolutely insanely expensive in general, but I guess that's to be expected in Las Vegas.  My favorite part about our stay was how friendly the cleaning, and the pool staff were.\n\nI wouldn't stay here again unless it were free or steeply discounted.  There are way too many other options on The Strip.  My last trip here I stayed at The Westin and that was awesome. It even included a free happy hour.