I first heard of Fish In The Spotlight after Cassandra B. invited me to her metal head meet up. Rounded up some of the boys and have pretty much been here every weekend since. Why? Well they have karaoke, good food, beer pong, and something called...wait for it...\n\nUNLIMITED WELL DRINKS on Fridays and Saturdays nights from 9-10!! Well you first need to make a $5 minimum food purchase I believe which is nothing really lots of choices around that price. \n\nPro tip: sit at the bar and drink as much as you can during that hour then do your singing after. More drinking. \n\nAin't nothing better than drunken karaoke. Who know you might not even make it to the karaoke room and just start singing at the bar. Plus the staff is pretty chill and fun to talk to when they aint too busy. \n\nFor drinks it seems like they'll pretty much make whatever you want as long as they have the ingredients and know how to make it. They already have nice list of drinks on their drink menu and on the yelp app. They have this drink where they top your beer with frozen beer, I must try. \n\nThe food for most parts are really good. Let's see I've had the chicken katsu. It was aight. The chicken itself was good and crispy on the outside but the sauce served with it wasn't your usual katsu sauce which I would've preferred. I'd ask if they have regular katsu sauce when ordering. I've had the marinated beef it was a nice meal tasty marinated beef, tasty salad, and rice. I'd order that again. Bulgogi fries, jalapeño poppers, taco wasabi, and other items all delicious. Need to try more of their sushi and other items though.\n\nAnd for you ladies, supposingly you need to check out the ladies room. I've heard there's some pictures you all drool over. Honestly just ask me and I'll make you drool too lol jk. Guys, all we have is a cute Asian girl on our door. Ladies, don't go wondering too far to the men's restroom somethings can't be unseen. You've been warned.\n\nAnyways I'd be back. Can't go wrong with that drink deal, good food, and cool people here.