Do not go here! I came here for an AYCE sushi dinner for around $20, and it was NOT worth my money or my time. The service is absolutely horrendous and I have no intention of ever coming back. There are so many other places down the street you can go to if you're looking for sushi in this area.\n\nThere was only one server working for all of the tables. She barely spoke to us, and when she did, she was extremely rude in her tone. It is AYCE, so we ordered 20 pieces of salmon sashimi along with other things. It was a reasonable amount of food for the two of us, nothing too drastic. When the food came out, there were a lot less than 20 pieces, which didn't bother us because we figured that when we finished, we would just order more. However, after devouring the sashimi with the craving for more, we kindly asked for a few more pieces since she didn't get the number right the first time anyway. \n\nHer reaction? A quiet blank stare that awkwardly walked away without saying anything. It left us assuming that she would be bringing it. After waiting for quite some time, we ask again, only to realize she never planned to bring anything out in the first place! She rudely told us she cannot and will not bring any more sashimi out unless we finish the other items on our table because her boss said she can't. Why couldn't she have told us this the first time we asked instead of ignoring us?!\n\nAnyway, this was upsetting because it is an AYCE restaurant after all... And there wasn't even that much on our table. There were a few small dishes that we knew we could finish. We just really wanted to eat the sashimi that we never got! Yet she (with her terrible attitude) refused to bring anything we asked for out until we were done, constantly telling us that we had to finish all of our food. And this was only our first round of orders! Where she didn't even come close to bringing everything we wanted!\n\nThe food was OK but not that great. Perhaps the service has affected my judgement. 1 star - Do yourself a favour and go elsewhere.