I'm really torn with Cibo's. The first time I went there was after a First Friday. Perhaps the crowd had thinned out some, but we were seated inside in the right-hand side room. The ambiance was great. Our server was friendly, informative, and attentive. My friends and I got a great bottle of wine and some appetizers. The pizza I got was the special of the night: pesto with grape tomatoes, baked and then topped with slowly melting boccincini mozzarella balls and pine nuts. It was excellent. A huge fave. I left a big fan and raved about it to other friends of mine. \r\n\r\nA return trip was in order. But this time all went wrong. Really wrong. Our waitress was a complete space cadet who didn't once tell us what the specials were and would disppear at odd times, raising our tweak alert. We were seated at the same table as last time, but this time the side room was full and so damn loud that we were straining to hear ourselves talk. Everyone at the other tables decided to compensate for the noise by raising their voices and thus making things even worse. So, to say the least, we were stuck in an endless cyclone of noise, getting stronger and stronger by the minute - fueled by all the hot, loud earsplitting air being exhaled by 20 people. We were miserable. We ordered a margherita, a quattro fromaggi, a proscuitto, and a sausage pizza. Three of the four came back with the crusts completely charred. I don't mind a little burn here and there - I like the crust a little crunchy, but this was ridiculous. Not helped that the waitress was serving our pizzas by reaching over the table and putting her arms smack in front of our faces. Talk about disappointment, and a shot-down credibility on my part because I took three friends who expected great things.\r\n\r\nSo I've got two trips to Cibo's which ended up on the opposite ends of the spectrum, even though I sat at the exact same table. Thus the three stars is an average of the two. Don't know if it's worth another go around. Maybe on a slow weeknight when tweaker chick is off tweaking elsewhere. \r\n\r\nToo bad. The co-owner knew it, too, when she hesitatingly asked us how that second night went. I wish I could have said \"Great\" but I had to be honest. I could see the disappointment on her face, but hey, still not as disappointed as me.