I was extremely excited when I heard about a vegan food delivery service in town! But opposite of Misti Y,  I cook so much that it took me forever to find a time that I wasn't gonna be able to cook to order some food.  I'm so glad I did! I ordered the ginger pear bread, mac n cheez, peanut-tofu-kale noodles, lasagna, tofu curry, and chick'n and dumplings.  Plus a container of bananas foster \"ice cream\" which I got for my friend (she did let me have a taste though! YUM!)\n\nEntrees run about $7, for a healthy-sized serving of homemade, mostly organic food.  (Read: you will be pleasantly full, but not stuffed.)  I think this service would be great for vegans who were staying on the strip and had a microwave and fridge\/freezer in their room.  Or anyone really.  Eating out healthy in Vegas isn't necessarily an easy thing, especially for vegans and vegetarians who are visiting! This food is tasty and filling without having the overbearing fat and salt of restaurant food.\n\nMy dishes took about 10 min to heat up in my home and work microwaves except for the lasagna which took about 30 min in my oven.  I really liked everything except for the lasagna; it was very filling but pretty bland, overwhelmed by whole wheat noodles.  The peanut noodles were delish - probably my fave- but the mac n cheez was damn good too.  I would order the noodles, mac, curry, and dumplings again for sure! \n\nThe ginger pear bread was perfect- great banana bread-like texture, just sweet enough, with delicious chunks of pear! My dog agreed with me, as she stole half of it off my kitchen table! (and yes, I ate the rest, it was that good.)\n\nThey are now offering Holiday baskets that sound like a great deal: bread, cupcakes, cookies, and candy (hello, vegan peanut butter cups!!) for only $25.  Someone on my holiday list is definitely getting one of these, and I might have to get one for myself.\n\nI highly recommend trying them out! There is a $5 delivery charge, so I would suggest ordering lots of stuff to make it worth your while.  They keep in the freezer for over a month, so you'll have time to use it up.  Great for folks who are looking to eat healthy (especially lower sodium!).