I feel terribly guilty writing this review but I have to be honest and hopefully the owner takes action. Although I live in the San Francisco Bay Area, I am a Toronto native and my family is still living here so I visit a lot. My mother's side of the family is Mexican and I was born there so we try to support Mexican businesses in Toronto especially because when we got here in the 80s it felt like we were the only Mexican family in the entire GTA and that has since changed.\n\nSo anyway on this visit, the service was terrible, atrocious, careless. There were two girls working as waitresses and two guys waiting and busing tables. One of the girls claimed that the owner was working the back. By the way, we have used El Jacal for multiple catered events and loved the food. \n\nMy brother-in-law ordered Tacos Barbacoa and it took over one hour to bring them. My mother ordered a Tacos Mixtos and it took them over 1.5 hours to bring them to the table. If the place was a fancy gourmet restaurant and everyone was served at the same time I maybe would understand. Instead, they brought the appetizers out with the totopos and the entrees for most of our party came out just after the appetizers. I CAN'T STAND IT when I am eating my appetizers and they bring me my entree. So there was close to a one-hour gap between most of us getting our entrees and two of us getting our entrees. This is completely unacceptable. It got to the point where my sister and her family had to leave before my mother got her taco plate.\n\nOnce we asked about my mother's taco plate we discovered that they had clearly forgotten about it. We asked the girl at the front (one of the waitresses) and she passed the responsibility to one of the busboys. The busboy (in our presence) made it clear that he had no idea we had ordered the taco plate.\n\nTo make matters worse we were there with two children ages 2 years and 16 months.\n\nOur main waitress, by the way, is the owner's daughter. She never once behaved like we mattered. She didn't give us a proper welcome, she never gave us totopos (tortilla chips) until the appetizers arrived, they never replenished our salsas.\n\nMy main point here is that we were treated like we didn't matter and it was reinforced by the fact that other guests came in and got their food before us. \n\nA final point, especially as a person accustomed to Mexican food in California, is the prices. OH MY GOD!!!  The prices rival the price of Sotto Sotto or Spuntini on Avenue Road. The Queso Fundido was over $11 and veggie enchiladas were $17??? This was armed robbery with bad service to boot. \n\nThe food is good by the way but not good enough to be treated like crap.