As fun as the likes of Hakkasan, Marquee, and XS can be (so many pretty girls!), clubbing has never really been my thing.  However, spots like Level Up?  Now we're talking!  Though, I'll admit I'm not sure why I found it THAT interesting.  it's not like they're super unique, especially in a place like Vegas.  What's more, I can't even blame the sixteen-year-old in me!  Otherwise, I'd be all over the club scene, awkwardly trying to meet girls.  Just like not sixteen-year-old me...ha!\n\nIn all seriousness though, Level Up is a pretty decent spot for something more low-key than hitting a club.  Like so many of the \"bar-cade\" spots that are popping up these days, they have a whole variety of games here to keep you entertained - pool tables, Pop-A-Shot, foosball, beer pong, arcade games (giant Pac-Man!), and some bowling lanes\/machines.  In true Vegas fashion though, they also have some arcade machines that you can wager money on, video poker, and a whole set-up\/production to jazz up a typical blackjack\/roulette game.\n\nWhile we tried our hand at a bunch of the aforementioned games, we were most excited to play some shuffleboard (shit-talking and wagers of shots may or may not have been discussed at length).  Too bad their whole set-up was AWFUL.  The table felt longer than most I've played on, but the bigger issue was with the powdery material they used to cover their board (instead of the typical silicone beads).  I know that sounds petty, but really did make the game a lot less fun.\n\nAs far as the drinks go, the pours seemed generous enough, but it's hard to say for certain; since we were expecting to do some shots, we only had a round of beers.  What's more, since my friend paid, I can't even say how their prices compare (though it's Vegas, so \"pricey\" wouldn't be an entirely inaccurate assumption).  \n\nAll in all, while I can't say my friends and I had an amazing time, Level Up was far from a terrible way for us to kill some time.  Plus, I'd be remiss not to point that we didn't check out what's probably the highlight of what they have to offer - their VR experience!  While not truly free-roaming (you're still corded and seemingly limited to one room), it's probably the closest you're going to get to a real life zombie apocalypse.  Literally for that reason alone, I would definitely be open to coming back!