My wife and I decided to splurge and go for the 'fancy' French restaurant experience.  After some deliberation we decided on Le Cirque and I'm so happy we did.  Everything about this place from the decor, the service staff and the food is exceptional.  \n\nWe had 7:30 pm reservations on a Tuesday night.  We arrived about 10 minutes early and were seated immediately.  The interior space is smaller than I would've expected.  The setting is intimate but not clausterphobic   The ceiling is covered in fabric making it look like the inside of a circus tent and the walls are covered with old-time circus paintings with matching artwork on the plates and dishes.  The room is relatively well-lit (for a restaurant) and the noise level was low-medium.  A number of the seats have a view of the fountains.  We didn't specify a seating location and were seated on the opposite side of the room.  That was fine with us, but I imagine you can specify a fountain-view table.  \n\nThe service staff here is simply amazing.  They truly make the meal memorable.  I've eaten in all different kinds of restaurants from the fancy to straight-up shacks.  No matter how many fancy ones I hit, I always wonder if I'm going to feel uncomfortable.  The staff here immediately took away any concerns I had.  They do a wonderful job of being extremely attentive, informative and personal without ever being stuffy or pretentious.\n\nWe each had the Dégustation Menu with the premium wine pairing.  This tasting menu is unique because it gives you choices for each course.  They started with an Amusee Bouche, a little goat cheese and strawberry parfait thingy.  Very tasty.  Then it was on to courses.  The wife had the langustino, scallop, halibut and the Kobe beef.  I had the king crab, lobster risotto, sea bass and rabbit.  Everything was amazing.  I could go on an on in excruciating detail each course but I'll keep it short and say that it was up to par and I couldn't find a fault with any of it.  That said, I think the winners of the night were the king crab, lobster risotto, halibut and Kobe beef.  The beef is incredible.  It was my first time trying it and it certainly lived up to the hype.  There was an up charge to add it, but since you're eating at Le Cirque and already spending an arm and a leg, what're a few more bucks?  They give a fun little pre-dessert palate cleanser after the main courses.  No spoiler, but let's say it included a childhood candy I was not expecting to see in this restaurant.  There were a number of choices for dessert.  Wifey had the chocolate ball, which has a really cool table presentation and I had pear and caramel ice cream in a merengue.  Both were delicious.  The wine was delicious and I love the idea of having it professionally selected.  Stress-free dining!!\n\nAll in all, this was probably the best meal, start to finish, I've ever had.  That said, it was also easily the most expensive meal I've ever had.  So if you're in Vegas looking to splurge on an amazing dining experience, this is the place.