I don't want to come off as spoiled, but who are we kidding, I am. At least when it comes to traveling-my pops is a travel agent and I've been around (the globe, that is-get your minds outta the gutter please!). The Aria offered some promise from the brochures and online photos, but five minutes after walking in, I was cursing myself for even agreeing to come to Vegas. It epitomized everything about the city I hate, and no number of Bottega Veneta or Chanel stores in the adjoining Crystals shopping center can pretend to make it any classier than it is (or totally isn't).  Everyone in my group agreed-five of us with various levels of interests, standards and tastes.\n\nThe people staying there generally included guys with hair gelled so high they look 6'3\" even if their driver's license accurately reads 5'9\" and girls who yell at the elevator door man for daring to ask that they put on a shirt when they aren't by the pool. They make the folks of Jersey Shore look like Beaver Cleaver and make me want to vomit. \n\nBut let's say you love Snooki and dream of carrying the same ol' tired Louie V. bag that every unoriginal 'fashionista' owns. This hotel still sucks. First the hateful, unfriendly woman at the front desk tried to stick us in a smoking section room despite us being booked in a non-smoking floor. The room had stains all over the duvet and pillowcases, and was tiny. When we spoke to someone much more normal downstairs they moved us to another room, which was clean enough, but nothing special.\n\nThe food was also a disappointment. I ate at the buffet, their cafe twice and all three times was underwhelmed. The buffet has a nice selection and staff is great, but the food is just not worth it. The cafe's menu was incredibly limited and the food was so bland I was feeling separation anxiety for Bellagio's options and general level of standard, despite the beautiful modern decor here.\n\nMkay, so by now you're thinking I am a major bitch. That's only partly true-I simply have no patience for places that tout themselves as luxurious destinations only to offer up a meat-market experience wracked with mediocrity and low standards. This place suffers from a confusion of what it is and what it wants to be. It sucks getting lured into the hype-it's all style, no substance. Though really, that's generally what I think about Vegas itself, so never mind me for not getting it. \n\nThe casino pays out better than some others, so that's cool, but staying here isn't required for that. Other than to hit up some shops (Papillon made the trip by introducing me to the out of control, amazing sunglasses of Thierry Lasry-if you win big it's fun to poke around in here), move along.