This place has OK stuff but there are better places like upper level. The staff treated my sister very bad and refused her service and had a security guard acting like they were going to put their hands aggressively on my sister with his big OL gun out, and a  big Ol redneck, skinhead, hells angels, undercover ran operation, very  prejudice  environment, they have their homosexual light skinned rude female that originally cut my sister down because she mentioned how my sister may know her ugly homosexual girlfriend and lied on my sister to get her to get man handled by their aggressive acting security staff that I sat in my car and watched how they were going to think they were going to put their hands on my size 3, 5'2' and only 110 pounds sister. THE MILITARY FORCE WOULD HAVE CAME IF THEY WOULD HAVE PUT THEIR HANDS ON MY SISTER OR ANYONE IN MY FAMILY.  MY FATHER  would have fed your janky dispenser to the wolves and had your place shut down and on the news so quick if you would have put your hands on my sister, by the way. Military is bigger than all you bigots. It was scary. I am not even from Arizona, but I have heard how these prejudice groups run their businesses and will think they can get away with hurting, possibly killing, and putting their ugly  hands on innocent individuals such as my sister. So I wanted to take the time to post the experience so nobody else has to be mistreated like my sister was.  BEWARE OF THIS PLACE IF YOUR NOT TO THEIR ACCEPTANCE LEVELS, DUE TO SOMETHING BEYOND ONE'S CONTROL. They have their tokens in there to protect this known fact, but this place is not ran good or honestly, and I'd advise one to choose another place. Especially if you want to stay alive and healthy.  They don't even have the best medicine all the time that they advertise anyways, and they mistreat people for no apparent reason and have the rudest, meanest people that work and run this place. This place needs to be shut down for their unhealthy public relation violations. I'm just being honest. And exploiting these savage ass staff and security that work here. NO GOOD. And its in a dangerous area, and road, with the crazy drivers. And for all 4 prejudice hateful idiots that work for this mafia, gang,  skinhead ran company thinking it was funny the way my sister was treated should prove to most that take their valuable time to read my post what this dispensary is about with their bigotry and condescending acts of coming on this review to override funny as being more prominent on this review shows that it is one of the people and all the people that work at this place and or is friends with the place or being used to put their two sense on here which is black male.  But that's what most of these typical personality conflicted idiots do in Arizona and never take responsibility for any of the wrong treatment they inflict on innocent individuals and oppression that they keep pushing out into the neighborhood streets, they have been doing this for a long time,  and will live on today because of this. What a bunch of idiots that run and work for this janky dispensary. May your dispensary fail all the way to hell.  I wish me and or my sister never came,  spent our hard earned money,  and or time at or in this bad vibed place. Don't waste your time here. There are better like the one called Nature's Medicine down the street, near I-17 and McDowell address is 2439 W McDowell Rd, Phoenix, AZ 85009. They are so nice,  everyone there is happy,  down to earth and awesome!  They finally got rid of the bad apples like this place needs to do.  Their concentrates are off the charts usually.  Go check them out.  Good prices to.