***This was my first experience with National Car Rental and it was good (the executive aisle was a nice service); I look forward to trying them again***\n\nThis was my first time trying National Car Rental.  I've often used Hertz, but the prices at National seemed a lot more competitive so I decided to give them a shot.\n\nI'm not sure if National's Cleveland Airport is considered a big location, but this one seemed to be a small rental agency.  They did not have a huge selection of vehicles.  I utilized the executive aisle, which if you are a member in this program, allows you to pay for a premium mid-size vehicle but select any vehicle you like in the executive aisle.\n\nIt sounded like a nice service, but I think I probably did not have the best selection to pick from.  I think part of it was due to the size of the rental agency.  Also, I was coming in late on a Monday so probably a lot of the best cars were already taken.  They had a lot of minivans, which would not have been too bad if I had a big group.  There was also a Dodge Charger.\n\nThere were a few American sedans available, but many of them were older models and smelled of cigarette smoke even though I believe National has a smoke-free policy.  I finally opted for a new Hyundai Sonata and it was pretty good; it was comfortable to drive and there were a few decent technology touches like a USB for iPhones and iPods (it also got a decent MPG).\n\nTaking the car and returning it was easy.  With the executive aisle, you just grab and go (the keys are inside; you show your ID at the exit station).  Returning is very similar to other rental agencies; you pull in the car and they do a quick check and signature.  This rental agency (along with the other ones like Hertz and Budget) is located in a facility not at the airport.  You have to take a shuttle to get to the airport (it takes 5-10 minutes).\n\nNational's online site for reserving cars was just okay.  The site just seemed to be a little amateurish in parts and did not have the sleekness of other travel transaction sites.  It was also occasionally difficult to use.\n\nAs mentioned, rental prices seemed reasonable when compared to Hertz.\n\nNational seems like a decent rental chain with good prices.  If you are eligible for the executive aisle, it is a neat little service though the selection of cars\/SUVs may be limited depending on when you arrive.  I'm planning on using National executive aisle again and I hope their selection will be better the next go around.\n\nIf you need to park a car here, I'm not sure where you do it.  The car rental site is located a few miles away from Cleveland Hopkins International Airport.