Not sure it was worth the money.  Let me first start off the rooms are the bomb! Probably one of the nicest in Vegas with everything in the room being controlled by computer.  Pretty cool being able to open the curtains to look at the view from your bed.  Speaking of the bed...incredible....haven't slept so well in Vegas ever.\n\nSo why the two stars?  Price gouging everywhere.  Our plane was delayed so we ended up getting in really late...to late to go looking for restaurants so we ended up eating at LemonGrass.  Food was okay but not worth the price. Great service but the food tasted like PF Chang's....sorry but true.  We walked out 100.00 later and not super impressed (do not mind paying for a good meal).\n\nNext day we went to spend the day at the pool.  There are 3 pools so we did not have a problem finding a chair and it was reasonably quiet (it is vegas) but when I asked for a pool menu I about lost it at the prices.....Most inexpensive sandwich was 18.00 without anything with it....drinks were out of control as well.  I know when you stay nice places food\/drinks are expensive but to me the prices they ask are not in-line with the experience you get.\n\nIt was a Saturday so as the day went on the pool behavior was enough to make this red-head blush! I know it's Vegas but there are some things I just do not need to see in daylight (especially if I am sober because their drink prices are ridiculous).  Decided to go up to our room about 4 before I saw things my eyes could not unsee....and seriously questioned if I wanted to get into the pool the next day remembering what I had just witnessed.  We were on the 23rd floor pool-side and I could not take a nap (it was going to be a long night) because the pool noise was so loud.\n\nWe didn't eat there any other nights after the first night but had some cocktails in the lobby and again WAY overpriced.  In the end I will say this the rooms are fantastic...no problem paying for them but keep the prices down everywhere else....no reason to gouge your guests.  The atmosphere outside the rooms just did not justify the costs.