There's no question about it, the Hard Rock is THE place to be on Sundays for both REHAB at the pool and SUNDAY SCHOOL at Body English. Apparently the only person who didn't get the memo was the DJ, because I don't know what clown they got to substitute for the resident, but I kept saying to myself \"did someone call in sick to work? is this the replacement? is it really this bad?\" I don't know what the deal is, but after seeing BT at Rehab that same afternoon, I was incredibly disappointed with the music selection at Body English. The music choices were distastefully mixed and didn't match the sophistication of the venue. Fragments of songs were sloppily mashed up, and the only song the DJ played in its entirety was Gwen Stefani's Holla Back Girl and the THIS SHIT IS BANANAS part looped like 30 times. That was enough for me to throw in the towel, slam my drink, storm up the stairs to exit, and pout while peering into the window display of DJ Tiesto merchandise, awards and pictures. Maybe my standards are just too high? Take me back to Ibiza, please. Or San Francisco at the very least.\n\nWe strolled back in the Hard Rock for the second time that day to see a mass of 200 people overflowing onto the casino floors trying to bum rush the hallway into Body English. We had guestlist, so we decided to combine forces with another group of also guestlisted, attractive, barely legal girls to fight our way up front. How could they say no?\n\n....FAIL! They didn't budge, so we had to merge with a group of guys who actually knew someone who knew a promoter, a six degrees of separation kind of thing, rather than us girls who met some creeper at the hotel pool who says he \"has the hookup\". We sacrificed our \"free\" entry to just get in period. The bouncers relay to the crowd that the club was was at capacity and that was why there was that huge unorganized mass outside. As people slowly trickled out of the club every few minutes, we thought fast and decided we'd rather pay now to get in at all than waste time waiting in this crazy mess of a crowd, and probably not be let in at all several hours later. Plus the Hard Rock isn't on the strip, and we didn't take a taxi here just to wait in a futile line, so we went for it. The rope finally opened for us; my girls and I, our new girlfriends and the guys all got in, at $20 a pop. Not complaining. Rehab and Body English were the only functions we ended up paying for during the 3 night trip to LV. Not bad.\n\nThis place was packed as HELL! Wow, incredible. No joke about the place being at capacity. So packed, it made my cheap ass friends even consider bottle service just to have a little elbow space. The crystal chandeliers and warm but dark candlelit glow gave the place a sexy look. The decor was detailed and classy and the crowd was mixed. Body English is downstairs and below ground, and has a multilevel split floor layout, which sort of disorienting and mildly claustrophobic. It gets pretty hot inside, but they do have a dry ice smoke blower that cools off the dance floor and clears out some of the funky smell that starts to build up. We spent, at most, an hour and a half here before the crowd and heat was too much to handle, then we migrated to The Bank at the Bellagio. \n\nI'm torn between a three or four star review. The music was such a turn off, but I wanted to like this place so bad after the battle to get in. I would definitely come back, but I would certainly go for bottle service with a \"skip the line\" option next time.