I really love jazz, especially weird jazz, and I've always wanted to come here so yesterday I got kicked out of the Second City training centre along with Will Sasso's brother so I figured NOW IS THE TIME. \n\nOne thing I don't like in jazz is vocals, ESPECIALLY scatting. And the lineup for the 6:30pm show, which was the UofT jazz ensemble, lead me to believe there were no vocals. However once things got started I realized, to my HORROR, that  was mislead. I was also terrified there would be a cover and I had only five dollars on and me and I'd have to go to the nearest bank machine to get cash and it was freezing cold. Luckily there was no cover and we walked right in. The relief washed over me in an awesome wave. \n\nI paid $14 for a pint of Guinness and a vodka cranberry (both for myself) which seemed like a lot to me. The staff was quite nice and friendly enough considering how incredibly awkward I was being. My friend and I whisked ourself to a table right in front of the stage because I've read the sight lines can be really terrible the further back you are. The only downside to this was it was loud (obviously) and you couldn't really converse with anyone. I did however get caught with food in my mouth while clapping and a girl laughed at me. Jackpot. \n\nThe music was great, even with the singer, who changed after each song. You'd think they were professional musicians though they were students. Maybe they were professional. I have no clue! Played a lot of staples. We ordered the middle Eastern plate which had mostly stale pita bread and watery blue cheese. Is blue cheese middle Eastern? Everything else was very nice and the girl who laughed at me ended up singing a song and was very good, but her song was too sad. \n\nI imagine there are a few intimate spots, but they wouldn't be where I sat. I've also stayed in the hotel here while shooting a music video and the service was pretty good for the price. Average. Small room, but I wasn't expecting much. \n\nGod bless