Being an avid fan of Chef Michael Symon's TV show Burgers, Brew & 'Que and of another of his restaurants, B Spot I knew we had to check out his latest creation Mabel's BBQ while in Cleveland. We went on a Sunday afternoon and the place was packed. As soon as you walk in you are greeted by a huge Eat More Meat neon sign so you know you are in the right place! Upon walking up to the hostess station and giving my name and party size we were told there would be about a 45 minute wait. The wait was because there was a basketball tournament going on and it was St. Patrick's Day weekend as well. Exactly 45 minutes later we were called back up to the hostess station to be seated. I asked for a separate table as I am not a fan of the whole communal dining concept. A few minutes later we were seated at our very own table.\n\nMabel's offers something for everyone like meats, ribs, sandwiches, pig tails, ears, Cracklin, sides like greens, baked beans, coleslaw, beets, potatoes and Broccoli Salad and even desserts like banana, chocolate and Key Lime Pudding. As far as drinks go they offer signature cocktails, lots of different Bourbons, Scotch, Whiskey, Wine Shorty after being seated our waitress came to take our drink orders. By the time our drinks came a few minutes later, we were ready to order. I had already studied the menu and looked at tons of pictures on Yelp and Instagram so I knew exactly what we wanted. We went with a 1\/2 lb of Beef Brisket, Pork Belly, J&J Kielbasa, a half slab of Pork Spare Ribs, Hot Greens and J.W. Potatoes.\n\nAfter we ordered we all took turns going to the rest room to wash our hands and not even 10 minutes later our food was on the table! Were do I start? The first thing I tasted was the outstanding brisket. It was cooked perfectly and was melt in your mouth tender. It was like beef flavored butter. Fatty, tender and delicious. The pork belly was just as tender and delicious but, the real star was the Pork Spare Ribs. They are a dry rub which I usually don't like but, these were spectacular! Meaty and full of flavor. I loved the very tangy Mustard based barbecue  sauce so much that I would buy it by the bottle if they sold it. The greens feature a mixture of Kale, Mustard and Collard greens and are topped with bacon. The and potatoes were excellent as well. \n\nThe three of us ate as much as we could and packed the rest to go. The two hour ride home was total torture as our car was filled with the aroma of our food. Service was quick and efficient as I'm sure they want to turn over tables as quickly as possible as Mabel's is one of the latest East 4th Street hot spots. \n\nIf you are ever find yourself anywhere in the area get there immediately. Chef Symon, you are a bad man!