While at Ceasar Palace, my friend and I decided to stop in at the Coach Store in the Forum Shops. I have been a fan of Coach for awhile (the overall look and its one of the cheaper brand names) so of course I found some purses and other items that peaked my interest. However, I was quite annoyed by the service. Based on the attitude of sales girl helping us, I felt the store was very pretentious and snooty. \nWe were greeted upon entering and the girl made a comment about my bag from Max Brenner and commented on how she really wanted to try their \"Frozen Hot Chocolate.\" I am by no means a snobby arrogant person but I really wanted to say \"Honey, that is Serendipity, make sure you know what you are talking about before you speak.\" But I didn't say anything and continued to peruse. Every time I would look at something, this girl was right there to comment on the item and how adorbs (yes this was the kind of wording she used) it was. Honestly, it was annoying the sh** out of me. She kept mentioning that we could \"try anything on.\" Of course we could, none of the stuff was locked on a display and for $300.00 a purse, I expect to be able to \"try them on!\" \nThen before we left, we were looking at the perfumes. The same salesgirl came up, started going on about the perfume and then showed us the divided \"pen\" of perfume that had one scent on one side and another on the other side. She then made the following comment\" Oh my god, I just love this, its so cute! i want to buy one for my best fwiend!\" Yes I am not kidding, she even said friend the way I spelled it. \nAt that point, it was all a little too much for me and my friend so we politely said thank you and got the F out of that creepy store. On to the coach outlet we went as I was not about to spend 300.00 on a purse at that moment nor was I about to purchase anything from that weirdo!\nMy advice to all the sales people at Coach, come down to earth and try to relate and talk to people normally. The way this girl was with us was a complete turnoff!