When does an installation become NOT an installation?\n\nHere's how I think this works:  You go to a Big Box store, see all those appliances, those plumbing fixtures, good prices and... hey, wait a minute!  They'll even install this for me for what looks like a great price?  Sign me up, Orange Apron Guy.  So, they hire some OTHER company to do the install.  That's pretty standard, and a nice way to off-shore the responsibility, in the parlance of our times.  That Other Company then schedules to come out to your home.\n\nNew Guy From Some Other Company walks in, takes about one hundred seconds, or so, to size up the project.  At this point one of three things will happen:\n\nOne:  He installs it.\n\nTwo:  He starts to make a bunch of excuses why he would just love to install it, right now, jiffy quick, BUT... He has to call Vern and Bud, and Vern and Bud are way across town, would tomorrow afternoon be good for you?  What you thought might merely be a lost afternoon quickly becomes a lost weekend or so.  Eventually, they'll find the two guys actually hungry enough to actually install the thing.\n\nThree:  He walks out, telling you that they \"aren't authorized\" to do your particular install because, because, because.  Because they aren't authorized. And bye bye.  So they leave your new dishwasher, in the box, in the driveway.\n\nThe third one happens quite a lot, and it happens for a very unusual reason.  See, the guy (or more typically TWO guys) who shows up with their shiny big truck and two complete sets of shiny tools will only make money if they are able to charge for MORE than just that install.  So, if the job is really straight-forward, if it looks like a piece of cake, if you think that you'll have your new, gleaming appliance or fixture INSTALLED, it won't get installed.\n\nBecause.  The only way they'll make money on the investment of truck, men, tools, and overhead is to make the job include a few more hoses, and some wiring, and some more piping, and then some cabinetry, carpentry, blacksmithery, midwifery and on and on.  Just working for that down-and-dirty get-in-get-out install price, the ones they have on the big signs back at the store?  Not worth it.  Now, I'm just running this up the flagpole, y'know, seeing who will salute, but here's my guess:  If they can't figure out a way to bill $1,400.00 on a job, they walk.\n\nSo they walk.\n\n\"The real and effectual discipline which is exercised over a workman is that of his customers. It is the fear of losing their employment which restrains his frauds and corrects his negligence.\"\n\n -- Adam Smith