One of the most intimate and unique dining experiences you will ever experience in Sin City!\n\nHaving tried most of the fine dining restaurants in Vegas, I thought i'd seen it all til i was pleasantly surprised with a shiny golden ticket in the mail!\n\nWhen that fateful evening arrived on Saturday October 13th, I was like Charlie waiting in eager anticipation to finally visit Willy Wonka's chocolate factory.  Truth be told, I wasn't quite sure what was in store for me but i had a feeling it would be something good! \n\nIn fact, as soon as we stepped into Jaleo, we were cordially seated at the bar and kindly given the drink menu for the evening on a handy iPad! Since I was feeling celebratory, i decided on the wine pairing with my meal and  as soon as our server found out it was my birthday, he gave us a glass of cava on the house! Now that's service IMO! \n\nAfter that, we were escorted to a dimly lit and intimate private room with a semicircular bar surrounded by wooden card catalogs housing Jose Andre's eclectic tchotchkes, which he apparently collected from his travels around the world.  At this time, the chef introduced himself and proceeded with a brief explanation of the evening's events.  Without a moment to spare, the chef and his skilled staff worked feverishly on the first dish. Liquid nitrogen began to billow over the counter and within moments, we were presented with beautiful bite size pieces of food art. About 20 or more dishes followed in succession, each skillfully crafted to engage and amaze!\n\nI must admit, I arrived with high expectations, but the chef and staff at é definitely did not disappoint. It was a truly unforgettable experience that was filled with intrigue and spectacle. An intimate showcase inspired by traditional Spanish dishes, masterfully executed by the talented chef and staff. é is bar none one of the most interesting and enjoyable dining experiences I've ever had in Vegas! With that said, it's an experience you should make when visiting the city because like magic, it could soon disappear!\n\nHappy Eats!