Great hotel that offers loft-style rooms for their guests, great eats with a happy hour M-Th 4-7 PM, and a nice bar in the lobby.. Just a short walk away is the Palms Casino so you're near the fun but not submersed in it.. I love that I didn't have to walk through a casino to get through my room and that it's a smoke-free environment.. The prices here are pretty steep but if you have the money or a great connection, the latter in my case, then it's definitely worth the trip.. Celebrities often spend their time at this hotel and I was fortunate enough to run into Floyd Mayweather a.k.a Money Mayweather in the lobby on my way out.. It seemed really surreal to see someone who's often in the news and on TV in real life! Although he plays off this rich and cocky persona, he's actually quite humble in real life and seeing how he holds himself in public really changed my opinion of him.. Even my friends who hate on Mayweather now have respect for him because he's not really how he seems on TV and in the media.. Anyway, back to my review of the actual hotel! I love the staff here because everyone was extremely accommodating during our week long stay.. The housekeeping staff work all throughout the day so you don't ever miss the opportunity to have your room cleaned, and they did a great job getting our room all organized and presentable.. The in-room dining attendants are quick and wait sure you have everything you could possibly need with your meal no matter what the hour.. The valet and taxi clerks greet you daily and make sure you get to where you want to be whether it's via taxi, your personal vehicle, or the Palms Place SUV or Limo.. I love everything about this place, except for the quirky elevators (some only go from the lobby to floor 36, and the others from the lobby to floor 6 then skip to 37+, so if you wanna go from 34 to 38 you either take the stairs or go down to the lobby then into another elevator to go up to 38..) Aside from that I would return to Palms Place for my next stay [: