If I can give this establishment a negative star, this place would win it in a heart beat.  I consider myself a Korean BBQ Courvoisier and this place blows in every way. \nWe arrived around five and was greeted by the hostess rolling her eyes at us. We weren't the only lucky ones that got those rolled eyes too, customers that came after us all got the same. We got sat down after five minutes which was pretty good after what just happened.  \nFirst our server didn't want to be there and as far as we could tell the other waitress's near by had the same horrible attitude. They weren't happy and nobody smiled. But here you have an energetic family smiling and being positive until they bring out the food; it was a disappointment. The portions were like for my eight year old, we had to order like the max order over and over just to make something happen.  This place is the reverse of all you can eat (AYCE).  We weren't the only ones complaining about the servings. Then to top things up, we had to remind our waitress for our drinks, refills and napkins.  Then don't let me get started with the busser's; they were just running laps, passing tables with empty plates on them, I had to literally put the plates in front of his way for him to stop.  But they were all like this, this place is far from good.  I can't read anymore of these reviews from this place from people that don't know what real Korean BBQ AYCE is and the service. \nTo end this horrible dining experience we were asked by our dopey depressed waitress if we were paying cash or credit? She waited until I gave her a response; to eventually have a rude cashier come up to us with a tablet asking me for my CC. I had to double check she actually worked there because she didn't introduced herself or let us know she was going to take care of our bill at our table.  Swipe, signed and was given a receipt then she walked away without saying thank you or anything like she enjoyed her job. \nSo food was horrible\nService was horrible\nEnvironment was crappy \nWill never comeback again!