Porter Airlines is a regional passenger airline company that is based in Toronto City, and serves Toronto, Ottawa, and Montreal.  We had a connecting flight, and this was our first time flying on this airline on our trip.  We landed at the Bishop Airport, in which the passengers are directed into a lounge.  The nicest part of this whole traveling experience with the airline is that the lounge is free for all the passengers.  Cubicles with seats are set-up, there is a snack bar in the back that offers complimentary teas, coffee, sodas, as well as cookies, almonds, and a snack mix.  Due to the drinks\/beverages being free, the staff tried their best to restock and keep the place more organized - however, just note that there are some stray crackers and mess all around the lounge area, underneath tables and chairs.  Those who are not interested in the snacks, there is a little cafe that offers sandwiches and bottled juices for purchase.  There is also a 'Business Center' with some desktops, in addition to plugs for your own electronics to charge.  While the amenities are a nice aspect of Porter, the issue we had was that we were never notified that our flight was continuously being delayed.  There were no announcements, and when a passenger actually went up to the information counter, only then were the passengers informed that such were affected.  The monitors do not reflect the updated times, the updated gates, and the verbal announcements come after the fact when one makes an inquiry.  In addition, boarding the plane was more of a first-come, first-serve basis, in which the passengers did not seem to respect the queue - there was budging left and right!  Porter planes in general are more on the outdated end, but there was a good amount of legroom, a nice quarterly magazine for the taking, and snacks\/drinks on the plane (including complimentary red and white wine).  Getting off the plane was another event, as we were stuck for another 20 minutes or so - with no ventilation, it was getting extremely stuffy, and most people were able to get sick (including us)!  Just note that small carry-ons are allowed, but most luggages will be checked-in at the gate, in which you wait in a queue to grab before you leave (and, yes, there were passengers cutting the queue (!!!)).\n\n+lounge for all traveling Porter passengers (snacks, sodas, free-wifi, business center)\n+no announcements reflected on the monitor\/over PA\n+no updates on delayed flights\n+no given estimates on delays\n+friendly staff members