You gotta get Mexican food in Chinatown in Montreal, duh. \n\nThis little hot spot made me soooo happy on our Canadian excursion. After many days I was really craving tacos, which we eat all the time at home. Distance makes the heart grow fonder, and I was thrilled to see La Capital pop up on Yelp when I searched for nearby lunch finds. You wouldn't expect this restaurant to be nestled amongst the many pho and ramen places or Asian food markets, but it's there and it's wonderful.\n\nIt's ultra casual inside and pretty crowded at lunch time. Concrete floors, big heavy tables, and a tiny bar space (although they don't serve any alcohol as of now). They're got fresh squeezed juice on the menu, and then their speciality - authentic tacos. Chicken, fish, carnitas, steak, al pastor... the classics. We started with the chips and guacamole, which were wonderful. The chips are pretty dark and initially looked like they might be over-fried, but they tasted great. The guacamole was delicious as well, and super fresh. There are 3 different types of salsa in little plastic squeezy bottles... I believe my favorite was the green\/verde, which was super-fresh, cool, and cilantro-y.\n\nWe also ordered a side of refried beans which I LOVED. Amazing authentic flavor with just the right amount of cheese on top. We decided on the 3 plate al pastor tacos for our entree. Our waitress actually forgot to put in our order, and we waited for quite awhile before we realized and asked her to double check. She was super apologetic and even brought us one extra taco free of charge. I was happy because the tacos were delicious. The meat was incredibly tender and the fresh pineapple is always a beautiful accompaniment. Plus, the corn tortillas appeared to be homemade - wonderful texture and just the right thickness.\n\nBe prepared to wait for a seat right at lunchtime. Chinatown is already super busy with tourists, and this restaurant is one-of-a-kind in the neighborhood! I think it'd be worth the wait, however. One of my favorite places during our trip.