Came here on a Friday afternoon when I was all done with my training from work! It was hot, but still bearable that day for BBQ loving!  Upon arriving, I was surprised with the line that looked like a long \"Z\" from Tetris. \n\n17 hours to cook and that's why there's no way of having leftovers because there's limited space to cook the tasty meat!  The BBQ grill looked like a large big black capsule.  An hour in on waiting, they ran out of their infamous briskets and then the lean briskets were all gone as well.  Only the chopped briskets were left, which was still mighty tasty.  One of the staff members came out to announce the news on the meat availability and served up the sausage pieces for people waiting.  Unique, juicy sausage flavor, and got some for the road home!  No wonder why they have a website for preorders and pickup!  This place is high in demand and closes at 4pm.\n\nDanny, the father of the son, who is the owner, was pleasantly great on coming out and charming the people (like me) waiting in line for the compelling smell of the BBQ.  The story of how his son started this BBQ spot, won me over.  It was an awe moment with the father and son heart talk.  The family is supportive, caring and passionate with their BBQ and it is visible.  I was even more eager than before to munch over on the meat after the story.  He even gave us a nice entry to the BBQ grill area and detailed how the whole place runs. Tip one: oak and pecan wood is what they use for that smoky flavor!  Mhm!  It was pleasant to the taste buds and enhanced the meat in a complimenting way! \n\nWhen we were almost at the door and at the counter to order, I decided on the short rib (huge bone), chopped brisket, pork ribs and sausage with the sides of grits and cole slaw!  They offer turkey too, but for me, it wasn't an ideal BBQ meat to order up.  Maybe because it's chopped brisket that I can't fully taste the flavor, I didn't quite understand why there was a hype on the brisket.  My favorites were the short rib and sausage with the side of grits, which was a whole hearty BBQ meal!  I got the pickles and jalapeños and that house sauce is lovely.  \n\nThe owner went to each table and thanked us for coming here.  Danny gave us a complimenting pecan pie that was the best pecan pie that I've ever had!  I'm not kidding.  \n\nI brought a full on BBQ tray to bring back to my fam bam crew.\n\nIf there was more than five stars on Yelp, I would give them more!  I can see them expanding, surely.  The potential is there.  It was a full on fantastic BBQ experience and a great last meal to end my trip in Phoenix, AZ! \n\nThanks for the memory!  All smiles here!