Okay - so if you've been working out awhile and need something to elevate your fitness, Ultimate Crossfit is the way to go. You will seriously feel like a beast after finishing one of the classes. Let me back up a bit.... \n\nSo after doing the Yelp Kicks Butt Crossfit event, I was really keen to add Crossfit into my workout rotation. That said, YKB had an offer with Ultimate Crossfit for half-off a 10 Crossfit class pass. So I started emailing the GM, Mike, about a million questions and he was so helpful that I decided to try it out. You begin with two fundamentals classes where a trainer walks you through the correct way to do the moves, how to read whiteboards and how to work out on all the different machines, which include elements from gymnastics (rings, parallel bars), weights, weighted balls, weighted bars...well you get the idea. Not going to be a cakewalk. \n\nTo give you an example, while pulling up to the gym around 6:45am for my first fundamentals class, there were people outside walking around with 45 pound plates held over their heads. Being early, and having had no coffee yet, I wondered what I'd gotten myself into. Once I met a few of the trainers and realized they weren't meat heads with drill sergeant tendencies, I began to relax. \n\nSo back to today...I feel like a complete bad ass. Seriously. We did an intense warm-up and then moved into the WOD (workout of the day), which ended up being a total of 90 pull-ups, 45 overhead squats, and 20 bench presses. The other folks working out were really friendly and encouraged us newcomers. The trainer made sure to watch us to ensure we had good form and weren't feeling overwhelmed with the intensity of the workout. Our trainer also showed us an online tool to track our progress, which I thought was a really great way to keep people coming back. \n\nThe music was high energy and there are two bathrooms (one with shower with another shower promised soon for those who need to go right into work). Ultimate Crossfit is a great way to kick it up a notch with it's great trainers, welcoming and supportive atmosphere, and kick ass workouts!