Not a bad little place. Claims to be a gourmet \"takeout\" but there are a few tables inside and out that you can sit at, despite the fact that the entire shop is roughly the size of my master bedroom's crapper. I got their menu and will scan and post it when I get around to it. Since I was the designated food bringer-homer, I ordered a lamb panini for myself and a flank steak panini for my wife, along with an order of blueberry bread pudding and mille feuille, which the lady informed me meant \"a thousand layers\", confirming what I already knew from high-school French. The paninis came in boxes which also contained a reasonably boring salad spruced up with a fairly tasty balsamic dressing and candied pecans - the first time I believe I've ever had those. They added a little something that improved the taste further.\n\nThe panini was delicious; the lamb part of it, anyway. It's real hard to get good lamb in this city, especially lamb that tasted this good. I'm dead sick of typical lamb dishes in the US where everyone seems to think that you cannot prepare lamb without rosemary (==FALSE). The sweet onions with it were perfect. I didn't like the crusty bread that it was on - maybe that's the standard for a panini but I'd have preferred something that didn't rip the roof of my mouth wide open.\n\nTwo minor issues with this place. Firstly, it's too expensive. The paninis at $10 each are right at the upper limit of what I'd pay for what I got. Other dishes, like the fish and chips, are exorbitantly priced - would you pay $16 for F&C? There's another steak dish they have for $23 which is probably the filet with carrot butter (the menu's downstairs or I'd check again) - get serious, this place is a tiny hole in the wall and I'd expect nothing over $12, even if the chef DID have a French accent. And even if they DO mix carrots with butter.\n\nSecond thing. That kid that blows raspberries and mutters \"chocolate\" into her dad's armpit or whatever was there again. This time Grandpa brought her in. She ran around for a bit, then she sat down and her mum (behind the counter) brought her out some hummus to eat (?!), all the time giggling about how the little girl was wearing her \"pirate shoes\" or something. Okay. This is a take-out shop, not Disneyland. If I want family-style hijinks I'll go to Chucky Cheese, not what I thought was a gourmet French place. Kiddy stay home when mummy and daddy worky; customer eat and leave happy. I'm not one of those people that smiles beatifically when young kids caper about and drool over candy. Unless it's my kid. You can imagine what Halloween is like at my house. Fortunately I only spent a short time in there while waiting for my food to be prepared.\n\nFour stars this time purely on the strength of the lamb panini and the fact that the counter gal was nice enough to give me a cold glass of water while I waited. The desserts are still in my fridge from when I went there yesterday and I'll probably eat one or both of them tomorrow, since we already had an early dessert from Ritters this afternoon. *8-) I don't think they'll change my rating either way, though.