You haven't truly experienced a car dealership until you've gotten hosed by a Ganley. \n\nI bought my Subaru Forester from Ganley Westside Imports because they were in the Costco Auto Buying program.  While I love my Forester and faithfully stand by the Subaru name, the Ganley name is a different story.  Here are the \"highlights\" of my Ganley experience.\n\nI had to return a number of times to complete my new car acquisition, once because they didn't carry the basic model, stock color I was looking for.  Another because they botched the installation of one of the accessories included in the deal.  Initially, they said it would only be a few hours to install - so I waited.  A few hours passed when they came out and revealed an error had been made, all attempts to remedy it had failed, and my brand new, less than 100-mile car had to go to an autobody repair shop.  According to the service manager, their technician misread the instructions.  Now I had two 1\/2\" holes drilled into the outside of the car in the wrong place.  They gave me a loaner car and told me to come back in a week.  To their credit, yes they did flip the bill for the loaner car - but would you have expected any less from someone who drilled the wrong holes into your car?\n\nDon't believe it?  Come over and I'll let you listen to the rattle.  Anytime you move my rear door to this day, you'll hear the busted rivnuts that they left inside the door bouncing around like a pinball machine.  Kinda like my very own cucuracha everytime I open and close the rear door, reminding me of the screw up. Aww, a little momento to always remember my Ganley experience..!\n\nNow this next one speaks to integrity... or lack thereof.\n\nI paid for and was supposed to get two cargo nets that fit my Forester's cargo area.  At the time of delivery only one out of the three arrived.  The parts department manager assured me that the other two were on their way and to expedite the process to go ahead and sign for all of them at once.  Yeah, must've had the word SUCKER plastered on my forehead (or at least I needed to then!).  After all, the guy said he lived near me and he'd be more than happy to drop it off at my residence when the parts arrived.\n\nAfter a few weeks with no follow-up, I called him and got the \"let me check on that and get back to you.\"  A few weeks later that turned into, \"gee, no I don't remember that and we have nothing on order.\"  Contacting 2 other managers there didn't help either - I got the hardy \"I'll check on this right away!\" assurances from both - and then nothing.\n\nBeing clear across town and that the nets were nice-to-haves rather than absolute necessities, I just dropped it.  Yes, I had already paid for them but it just wasn't worth the headache except to file away this Ganley experience as reason not to trust Ganley dealerships.