Been here a few times. I like the food and my family likes the food and that's why we keep coming back. Having said that, service is terrible terrible terrible. Every time my family decides they want to eat at Guru Lukshmi I cringe because I have to make a reservation well in advance, deal with wait times even after making a reservation, deal with standing in a small packed wait room ( the size of a match box), deal with a watch guard at the door who won't let you step inside until your table is ready, deal with having to sit tightly packed in table arrangements so close that you cannot have a conversation without being conscious of the next table, deal with food being rushed to your table (only place I have seen them getting half my dish while the other half is still being made)and finally deal with waiters waiting for you to finish your meal so they can clear the tables. \n\nI get it, the place is popular and lot of people want to come in. But then, this is not the only popular place in town. There are tons of other restaurants that are popular yet better managed. If the goal of Guru Luksmi is just to serve good food they are doing a good job at that but if they want to win customers and want them to keep coming back for years they better improve their service. I was there this weekend too and the guy at the door taking in people was so thin on patience that any question to him about when your table would be ready would blow his fuse. He literally yelled at me in front on my family and other guests and he pointed his finger at me in a gesture which was extremely rude to me. I take my family out for a meal to enjoy and not to get insulted and stressed out. Ironically, Guru Luskmi has a sign at their front door \"It is nice to be important but it is more important to be nice\". I kept wondering who that sign was meant for! \n\nGuru Lukshmi you have a lot to learn in customer service. Please take not of what your customers are saying. If someone from Guru Lukshmi wants to talk to about this review I can be reached at bhagat.ali@gmail.com. I will more than willing to share details and my inputs regarding my experiences.