This was my first Michael Mina restaurant and let me just say that I have fallen absolutely in love. Michael Mina and Stephen Hopcraft (Bravo's Top Chef) have something amazing going on here so I suggest that you make it a priority to dine here on your next Vegas trip. Now I'm going to make sure I give XIV a try, another Michael Mina creation. \n\nMy friend and I were planning a surprise birthday dinner for a good friend of ours and we were trying to decide between Bouchon and Seablue. The birthday girl loves steak and the rest of us loves seafood so we were looking for a happy medium that would please us all. We were also trying to go for a trendier feel so of course Seablue came out on top. I made reservations online and commented that we were coming for my friend's birthday. \n\nTheir hostesses were probably the friendliest hostesses I have ever had to deal with and this is coming from a person that eats out in LA and OC where most places probably pay their hostesses to be super b!tchy. We first called to change the number of people in our party. Our second call was to push our reservations back by a half hour and our third call was to confirm we were coming late. Throughout all this they were very patient, friendly, and accommodating. \n\nOnce we were led to our private table (it probably wasn't really private but no one was in our area) there was a birthday card waiting there in the middle of the table. The hostess politely pushed out our chairs for us while we swooned over the restaurant and the birthday card the restaurant staff wrote. We started off with the lobster corn dogs and garlic pita bread which was accompanied with 3 types of dipping sauces. The lobster corn dogs were amazingly juicy and the soft breading complemented the lobster perfectly. The quality was most excellent. Make sure to dip it in their mustard dipping sauce to give it a little kick.\n\nI got the Alaskan Halibut which was served with chickpea and lentil rice and jumbo asparagus. It was a super thick halibut and it was cooked just right. It wasn't overcooked and dry. The pairing with the sweet lentil rice gave the halibut that extra umph which made the dish enjoyable. The birthday girl ordered the filet mignon and I kid you not, she finished everything that was served on that plate. It looked like the girl licked it dry. My other friend ordered the bacon-wrapped chilean sea bass and she kept raving about it throughout dinner and said it was the best prepared chilean sea bass she has ever had.\n\nWe finished up our dining experience with the creme brulee which was highly suggested by our lovely waitress. There were slices of bananas in them sprinkled with cinnamon. They also wrote out \"Happy Birthday\" on the plate. Super sweet touch that just made the birthday girl's night. \n\nThe service is top notch here. You can't beat it. I'm excited to come back with more people. And let me just say that I was beyond nauseous and hungover while I was here but I was still able to walk out of this restaurant overly satisfied. You'll have to shell out a large amount of change here but you get what you pay for. Trust me, they truly deserve it.