Vegas Strong\n\nThe Vegas Golden Knights has helped Las Vegas in its time of heeling. A few days after one of the darkest days in the Nation's history, the first Las Vegas National Hockey League (NHL) team played their debut game against the Phoenix Coyotes. In what should of been an exciting moment, the Vegas Golden Knights opened their first game with a 60 second moment of silence remembering the 58 people that lost their lives in that terrible massacre a half mile south of the T-mobile Arena. Outside the arena, the Vegas Golden Knights have helped our community heal  through their support that includes #Vegasstrong with the Vegas Golden Knights foundation.\n\nThe Vegas Golden Knights is a NHL team that is exceeding expectations. The expectation for expansion teams is that they will be lackluster during the first season. This Vegas strong NHL expansion team has exceeded sports fans expectations. The Vegas Golden Knights have the honor of being the first NHL team to have won their first three games.\n\nWhen I saw the Vegas Golden Knights play the Boston Bruins earlier today, I was impressed by the whole experience. This was a far different experience than watching the NY Islanders in the dismal Nassau Coliseum. The Vegas Golden Knights experience starts walking into the modern T-mobile Arena. The arena is laid out well and is brand new. The best thing is that there does not seem to be a bad seat in the house. We sat at the very top row that is called nose bleed. Regardless that we were at the top the view of the ice rink was spectacular.\n\nThe Vegas Golden Knights experience is NHL game and show. At the very top of the arena, themed characters that look like gladiators perform drum music and other theatrics during breaks. The team mascot Chance the Gila Monster sometimes hangs out there. The moscot is a member of the team that gets the spectators and fans into the game. If he wasn't up in nosebleed, he was down on the ice, and even in the audience mocking a fan of a competing team. The sideshow was more than the mascot. The monitors played a big roll. When the Golden Knights and competing team walked toward the ice the audience saw them on the monitors. When it came for the ice to me cleaned up there was a team of entertaining ice scaters that made the ice picture perfect.\n\nMost of all the Golden Knights experience is about the action on the ice. They gave their 100%. Surrounding the ice, the fans gave their 100% supporting their new team. From my observation, I believe that their strong point is  defense. Regardless, the Vegas Golden Knights conquered the Boston Bruins.\n\nAt the time of one of the darkest moments in Las Vegas history, the Golden Knights are Vegas born. And Vegas strong.