5 star food, 1 star service.  Would have gone 4 stars but I actually got yelled at for not paying before I even got my entree this time.  The last 2 times in a row they've gotten my takeout order wrong and I swore to give one more chance before a mediocre review.\n\nSome of the best Thai food in town but absolutely horrific service.  Took almost 2 hours for a table of 3 to get in and out with no drinks and no desert.\n\nI love you guys.  Great lunch for like $8 and even includes a soup.  That said, I would never eat there again after the way I was treated, if you weren't so good at what you do.  The last 2 times I called my order in, both times it was wrong.  That is still way better than what I experienced on Thursday night.\n\nHere's the deal.  Some friends of mine just moved to Charlotte.  They live down Harris in an area that isn't ideal to foodies.  They were quite open minded to hit up Lang Van, Panda Den, or many of good Mexican spots around the way.  I however convinced them to follow me back to society and eat in University.  Thai house was my first idea and we went with it.\n\nAfter 5+ minutes of waiting to be seated, then another 15+ to get a drink order we should have just walked out.  Our fault I guess.  I just assumed if they weren't able to handle more people in a not packed restaurant they would of told us.  Once we finally did get a server after basically grabbing someone to tell them we NEEDED water they took an order.  They wanted all at once.  No drinks first, apps first, or anything like that.  \"WHAT YOU WANT!\"  We order Thai ice tea's, soups, salads, springs rolls, and entrees.\n\nWe got our drinks in only like 5-10 minutes.  Not horrible.  But then no service for 30 minutes plus.  This lady came by and barked at us every 10-15 minutes in Thai, very strange.  Eventually, after 30-45 minutes one of us got a salad.  We were so hungry we all picked at it.  Sorry buddy, I couldn't help myself.  Then shortly there after Tom Kha soup and spring rolls.  Great, some food.  We ate it like we were literally being starved.  No touching my plate you guys.  After we were done with these apps, the same lady that had occasionally been yelling at us came by to take the plates and asked \"Together or separate\" in very broken English.  I said, pardon?  She repeated.  Was the third time before I understood what she was screaming at me.  I then replied, please separate our bills, but I would prefer to eat my dinner before paying.  No apology, just a pssssht and a walk away.\n\nAnother 10-15 mins went by and then we got our entrees.  A good hour after we ordered.  The food was great.  One of the worst experiences I've ever had in Charlotte, but yet they still get 3 stars.  Not the most amazing Thai food ever, but damn good for this town.  I had the garlicy chicken in brown sauce, #48.  Others had pad thai and green curry.  All worth much more than the $10-12 price tag.\n\nWe were never asked about desert, and were more than happy to leave at that point.  This same random lady that was not our waiter (who we rarely saw), decided to give us the check.  After yelling earlier about together or separate, she forgot to separate the bill.  We just put on a card and gave our buddy cash.  She took it, ran it, then left it sitting at the bar.  For like 10-15 minutes, lol.  WTF!?  We eventually got it, tipped our 15-20% in cash and all swore never to eat there again (Except for take-out).\n\nMoral of the story is, they need help.  I want to go back, I just don't have the patience.  I'll get it to go till I hear otherwise.  Its bad, real bad.  But, not bad enough to keep me from eating the food.