Update: After I wrote my previous review, Dr. Hanna contacted me and left a message, asking me to call her back so that she can rectify the situation. Don't get me wrong, there's nothing wrong with a company trying to make things right. However, when Dr. Hanna and I got on the phone to talk, she proceeded to tell me about how insurance companies are only in it for the money and how I should have asked her office the right questions about my treatment. I told her that my issue was not about what the insurance paid (as they had paid what they should have paid), but it was about the incorrect information that I received before agreeing to treatment. I told her I could have asked the same questions about my treatment several different ways and it wouldn't matter - I would get the same incorrect response anyway since her front office employee, who is assigned to explain treatment to all patients, didn't know that she was giving me false information. She told me that she doesn't expect her front office employees to understand dental treatment as they are not dental professionals. This is definitely understandable, but I asked her why she would allow her front office staff to be the ones to explain treatment to patients and have them sign the agreement form if this was the case.\n\nShe ignored my response and asked me what I wanted to happen to make this issue resolved. I told her that I would like a refund for the \"Desensitizing Med\" service that I was incorrectly explained about. She (very rudely - in my opinion) told me that she would give me the refund ONLY if I removed my review. I directly asked her if she was bribing me, and she said yes-since she is not obligated to provide me a refund in the first place. \n\nI told her to keep my money, as I felt as though removing an honest review for money was immoral. I told her that I was going to write an updated review about our conversation. Before I could finish my sentence, she hung up on me. I was actually going to post this update on my FB review of this practice, but after I got off the phone with them, they disabled my ability to add or update my FB review. \n\nIt's actually a violation of Yelp's Terms of Service for a business to offer someone a refund in exchange for removing a review. \n\nI hope that my actions will save someone from this, in my opinion, office's poor etiquette and business practice. Now I know to pay attention to patterns in negative reviews. Word of advice for Yelpers out there: please write honest reviews and stand by them - the feedback system is useless and won't help anyone if it's not used correctly.\n\n*Note - I'm not sure what her comment to this review is referring to. My insurance never told me her \"Desensitizing Med\" service was necessary. They actually told me your employee wasn't even unable to explain that treatment to them when they called your practice on my behalf.