I needed an oil change reeeeaaaally badly (i know, but i have a honda and those things can run on gas fumes for 30 miles and oil resin for months) and had had an OK experience at the danny's family on HIghland (free wash with a oil change, who doesn't love that?)\n\nBut. I checked the Danny's site and saw no promotion of the wash and didn't want to drive out of my way for nothing. i checked yelp and this Jiffy Lube had the best rating i could expect for an oil change place and was up the road from work. Downloaded the coupon (thanks for the tip, Kym) and was on my way.\n\nPull in and i tell the guy i want the \"Signature\" change which includes window wash and floor vacuum, mentioning my $5 off coupon. He said that they were already running a special that was $13 off the $35 price so i said a-ok, cowboy. \n\ni wait for about 8-10 minutes in the small waiting room (bonus for having a Phoenix Magazine in the stack of Muscle Car Monthly, Oil Today and Antennas Weekly - look, just because i'm getting routine maintenance on my car does not mean i'm INTO cars).\n\nI get pulled into the garage area for the \"spiel\" everybody dreads but it was surprisingly short and non-pushy. (i'm glad they don't drag you over to your engine anymore, that's totally lame). i do have to note that he tried to tell me my right front blinker, my left back blinker and my license plate lights were out. i had JUST gone to Checker to replace my left front blinker light and went through some extensive light checking and so found this news odd. i kept saying as much, and he kept insisting and i was about to ask to see for myself when he calls out to another worker \"Hey, was that the honda with the lights or the jeep?\" the other guy says \"the jeep.\" however, there was no other car in the place. hmmmmmmmm.\n\nOK, so i pay up ($24 altogether with a tax or fee or something added in) and go back into the waiting area while they finish up. I decide to use the bathroom -- and this is where the they lost two stars (this was, up until then, quite possibly a four-star experience - wait, two stars for a bathroom, you ask? oh, you just wait...)\n\nthe bathroom was filthiest thing i have seen in my life, and i've been to some raunch truck stop pee holes. literally, piss, in the bowl... i get in closer and i shit you not (pun intended) four shit smears in the bowl as well (yeah, i counted). two rolls of TP hanging out on top of the dispenser, each with one square left on them. realizing i need to sterilize my hands from just walking into this mess, i discover no soap or paper towels (not very surprising). as well, hair clippings all over the sink, like the guys are trimming their moustaches on their break. un-freaking-believable. i am still haunted by this bathroom experience.\n\nbut car's running great!