Ugh. I did not like this place AT ALL.\nGranted, while I am a sports fan, I am not a fan of sports bars, especially monolithic sports bars owned by sports team owners who don't even believe in having winning teams. I would much prefer to watch a sporting event of my liking in one of 3 ways: 1. at home on my comfortable couch, 2. LIVE at the stadium\/arena or 3. In a comfy neighborhood bar\/pub. Real Sports Bar and Grill is none of these. It is an overcrowded, overly big, overly priced nightmare.\n\nYou guessed it. I did not choose to go to Real Sports Bar and Grill. I was coerced to go by co-workers and didn't have a good excuse. So there. I did however go with a semi-positive attitude, figuring I could at least hang out with my colleagues, drink for free (since work was paying), and get some fodder for a Yelp review. Turns out, those were the only positives.\n\nYou really can't blame the servers for bad service. The place is just too big, too crowded, and the group I was with was large. In fact, when my food was brought to me, inedible after a much too long wait, the server knew enough to take it back and try again. She's not the cook. She did fine.\n\nThe food was not very good. The salad with grilled salmon had the most overcooked, dry salmon, even the second time they tried to make it. Everything else was fried or cheesed. It is a sports bar after all.\n\nWe were on the top floor. They are supposed to be the biggest sports bar in North America and they don't even serve cider on that floor. They told me I can go to the main floor for cider. There were like 76 stairs to get where I was. I wanted to tell the bartender to go to hell, but just sucked it up and ordered a Creemore. At least they're not one of those bars that only serves Molson and Canadian. Yuck.\n\nSo, one of my colleagues and I were talking about the bad food, and I commented \"It's mediocre. But that's what Maple Leaf Sports is all about. They make $ hand over fist with a mediocre hockey team. It's their business model to be mediocre. Now they've just extended it to a bar.\" It's true. Do not recommend.