Tonight my man and I finally got time to get all gussied up and go out on the town (we both have been extremely busy). We decided to do our super sexy date night at the famed Steak House at Circus Circus. Unfortunately, you must go through a good chunk of the casino before you get there (see my review on Circus Circus itself). \n\nWe were a couple of minutes late for our 9pm reservation so the Maitre d asked us if we wouldn't mind chilling at the bar for a bit. No problem whatsoever. It was a good time to get to check out the ambiance (very cool old school decor...much like where the Rat Pack or my grandfather would have hung out). Our bartender looked grouchy and didn't have much personality at all so I made it my mission before we were seated to make him at least crack a smile. We ordered a couple of drinks and the tab came out to $18...very reasonable by Vegas Strip standards....still no smile. Whatever...you can't win them all but I was still friendly (I try to remember that maybe they had a bad day...we've all been there done that...so maybe a friendly customer could be uplifting...you never know how far a smile goes). My man and I are chit chatting and we hear loud conversation behind us that can only be described as a person with Tourettes (lots of mo' fo's and b*tches being thrown around)...or just a really obnoxious dude parading his ho's around (cheap and tawdry girls with too much makeup and vajay-jay level dresses). Needless to say my man and I got a chuckle out of this (man o man do I love people watching). Finally...the Maitre d comes to seat us.\n\nHe took us to a lovely and romantic booth (it was awesome with the exception of this creepy little kid that looked like Justin Beiber who just kept staring at us from the table across the way). We looked over our menus and decided on a petite filet and a porterhouse. Both came with soup or salad, choice of starch and a chef inspired veggie. Our server was nice but nothing to write home about. She seemed bummed that we only ordered one round of drinks and no appetizers (we were not that hungry). The black bean soup was wonderful with a side of chopped onions and a shot of sherry....delicious and filling. The salad was just your typical salad with blue cheese. Our main course came out and was lovely. The steak cooked just right (med-rare...is there any other way?). I opted for the baked potato and he got the garlic mashed potatoes. Both were tasty...but I think I would have to say the mashed potatoes were better. I couldn't eat much of my meal because the soup filled me up...so my man got an amazing doggy bag. \n\nWe decided on no dessert because my dress was starting to cut off my circulation. Overall it was an A-Ok experience. We will probably be back for the value but I cringe at the thought of having to walk through Circus Circus to get there.