Streets of New York is very popular in the Phoenix, AZ area and the official pizza of the Arizona Diamond Backs, Phoenix Suns and the Arizona State Sun Devil Stadium. Locations around the Phoenix area are in abundance, but we have a couple locations here in Vegas so I decided to finally give them a try. I stopped in to grab some lunch to-go. I noticed the sign saying \"wait to be seated\" so I stood there and waited, looking around for an employee and didn't see one. I noticed only 1 table with customers inside, so they weren't busy and it was odd that no employees were visibly present at first. After about 5 minutes a girl came out from the back and asked if I was picking up or ordering. I asked if they had any lunch specials or a menu to look at and she gave me a menu and said she'd be back in a few to take my order. After I placed my order it took 25 minutes for the food to finally be ready. It was just 2 cheese slices and that's it, so I can't figure out why it took so long and it would have been nice if the girl who took my order could have communicated with me by letting me know that it was coming out soon, later, something! I felt like she forgot I was there honestly. I must say that when she did take my order and bring it to me she was nice, but there just could have been better acknowledgment so I knew I wasn't forgotten and wondering what was going on. \n\nLunch specials are daily from 10:30 am - 2:30 pm. \n\nDrinks didn't come with any of the lunch specials and cost $2.90 each.\n\n2 slices with one topping ($6.50) - I didn't want any toppings, just cheese and it still cost me the same price. Most places have a special for cheese slices with drink at a certain price and then they offer slices with one topping and a drink for just a little more. No price difference here they charged me the same regardless. If you want additional toppings it's $.60 each. No drinks come with any of the lunch specials which makes the $6.50 price tag a bit high for this area. It's not a combo or special if it doesn't come with a drink in my opinion and by the time the cost of a drink is tacked on, I might as well go down the street to Metro Pizza instead. The pizza was below average. It's absolutely beyond me why this place is called Streets of New York when the pizza is far from any traditional slice you will find in NY. The slices were not thin, but thick and they weren't shy with the cheese and it was tasty with the seasonings they added on top. The crust was a whole other story and it actually reminded me of frozen Freschetta pizza. I love a nice crispy crust however mine here was hard and dry. Not even the piled and delicious cheese on the top could save the rock hard crust. Maybe it was an off day, but I can't see hurrying back. \n\nInside they have booths and tables. Aside from pizza they also have subs and pasta. If you are a fan of Broaster chicken they have that also and you can get just chicken, baskets or family meals.