Darden Restaurants, if you want to know why your chain is slipping put upper management on the next flight to McCarran and pay this location a visit. 2 visits, 1 week apart, 3 people the first visit, 5 on the second. And all of us including my 2 year old think you suck donkey balls. Let's explain why. \n\nIt all starts with SERVICE. I don't mind waiting but first come, first serve is the way it works. When the hostess knows someone and gets them seated before you, not cool. My money is just as good as theirs. Next up, no my 2 year old doesn't want the lobster dog and pony show with you reaching into the big tank by the front door to show him one. He doesn't do lobster, he does mac & cheese, and you suck at that which I'll cover in a second. Then I'd like to sit at a different table for once. 5 visits in 90 days, same table 4 out of 5 visits. Then when we're seated come over and give us a menu. Take a drink order. Bring some biscuits. Don't stall for 10 min while you go talk to someone else, or go stare out the window or dream of the bong you're going to hit after work. Get moving!\n\nFurthermore, I know RL is not cheap despite all that crappy cattle call advertising you're doing of late. I want tiny shrimp on my salad, I want that big plate, I don't mind dropping good money on it. Don't try and steer me towards a plate I don't want that costs less, I know what I want. It's why I walked in the door. And then when you finally take my order don't forget about us. Send a tea refill around once in awhile, we're in a desert you know, we're thirsty and willing to pay to quench our thirst. \n\nAnd then when the food arrives, that is not the time to spring THE SURVEY OF DOOM on me. \"OMG, like we're doing this big survey thingee, and if you do it I get extra bong money, and if you don't I'm gonna get wrote up or fired\"...how about shut the heck up and let me eat and don't spring the SURVEY OF DOOM on me until you bring my check? I don't want to be trying to eat a crab leg or coconut shrimp thinking that if I don't fill out the survey you're going to be out of a job. Not cool, at all. \n\nThen when we get through eating, how about clearing the table, and not bringing up the survey again? And as you pick up my son's plate notice something. He's two. Two year olds like mac & cheese for the most part. My 2 year old will even eat my feeble attempts to make mac & cheese, but he spits out the crap you called mac & cheese and put on his plate. When my 2 year old thinks you suck, you suck. Simple as that. \n\nLast but not least I don't mind you asking about dessert, you got to try and do the upsale and I get that. But don't spring the survey on me again and just give me my check without the dramatics. And finally, one last time no my son doesn't want to see your damn lobsters. Keep your hands off my child and let us walk out the door without feeling like we just had to go through the entire front line of an NFL team just to get to the exit. \n\n2 Stars. Coconut shrimp and crap legs cover for a multitude of sins, emotional distress, and the feeling of being mugged, especially when you get the bill and realize how much you dropped for a mediocre at best experience.