In a few years I wouldn't be surprised to find Chez Tousignant one of Montreal's famous institutions.... known across \"la ville\" and tourist alike.... it's just a question of time. The location looks humble in Little Italy...small in size with deli-like sit-in counters\/tables with limited seating. I'm anxious how the establishment will handle this seating issue when it gets truly popular but I guess it'll be a nice problem to have when it'll come. And it'll come soon! When I visited, they played 90ies music and videos and while that's real cool for me, it may not be for other patrons. I'm unsure if this plays all the time or if they mix it up?\n\nAnyways, how can I classify 'Chez Tous'? Well, I'd say it's a family oriented gourmet casse-croute with homemade solutions to your favorite types of comfort food such as burgers, hotdogs and poutines... but with a special touch that comes from true culinary experience and love. I've had my share of burgers and hotdogs but I never had them like I had them at Chez Tousignant. How many \"steamies\" have I stuffed down my pie hole in my lifetime? Too many to count but the single one I ate here left me craving for more to the point that when I see the picture of the Tousignant hotdog I ate on Yelp... I can feel my heart start to beat a little faster, I randomly check Yelp and Instagram for more pictures of this resto... and my mouth waters for no discernible reason. Folks... how can such food get such a hold of me??!\n\nAnd the burger? Good god, it was fresh, high quality ingredients and it simply melted in my mouth. It was so delightful but... so incredibly FILTHY good that I'd do unspeakable things for my next one..... preferably the Tousignant one with that same sauce I loved and MAPLE HAM? HELLLOOOOOOOOOOO.\n\nUltimately, the food was a true 5 star experience, at least for me. The only reason I gave it 4 is quite simply the price-tag doesn't give value. Paying $15 for a burger and a hot dog with no sides or drinks to come with it doesn't sit well with me regardless how good the food is! No hot dog is worth $8. I'm sorry. \n\nAfter coming here 4 times.... fuck it.\n\n5 stars. .\n\nNonetheless, if you're prepared to pay the price-tag, you're in for a good time. I'll be back.