We came to Giada's tonight to celebrate a birthday while we're in Vegas. The birthday girl requested Giada's thinking it would be a nice way to celebrate her birthday. Decor of the restaurant is cute, service is excellent, but the food was beyond disappointing.\n\nEverything we ordered was bland and the flavors were boring. I love italian and traveling to Italy for the cuisine especially are some of my favorite trips -- Giada does italian food such an injustice at this restaurant that it truly makes me wonder how this can be her speciality. \n\nBetween the four of us, we ordered a number of dishes to get a true sampling of the menu:\n\n- Wood Fired Mushrooms: Meh. I love mushrooms but there was really no seasoning or taste beyond the natural taste of the mushrooms. \n- Eggplant Parmigiana: Recommended by our server. Not terrible, not great, not really memorable.\n- Parmigiano Reggiano: My favorite dish. Simple cheese with wild sage honey. \n- Salmon: Nicely cooked and flakey. Seasoning was okay as well, not spectacular but enjoyable.\n- 7 oz Filet: $60 of MEH. So unimpressive, bland, and boring. Everyone that tasted a bite of the filet had the same opinion --  disappointing.\n- Rigatoni: Interesting composition, not as flavorful as I was expecting but in a table of bland dishes, this still stood out as having a little oomph. Interesting take on vegetarian bolognese. \n- Spagetti: Giada's specialty dish... should be taken off the menu and never served again to keep any self respect for this restaurant. THIS IS HER SPECIALTY! Dry, bland, and tasted like the pasta you cook at home after it has been in the fridge all night and the pasta soaks up the entire sauce and is left dry and blah. The lemon and basil in the spagetti were difficult to detect at all, the huge shrimp were pretty to look at but also lacked any seasoning. I mean seriously?!\n- Lemon Potatoes: nothing special.\n- Roasted Broccolini: i love broccolini and this was just that...basic broccolini with nothing to give it any pizzazz. \n\nAt about $300 for dinner, the worst offenders were the steak and the spagetti -- essentially dishes totaling $100 that left me realizing I would likely never return to Giada's. The service on the other hand was friendly, courteous, and on top of it. If only the food was up to par with the classy feel of the restaurant and staff. What a disappointment.