This school seemed like their first priority was the children that attended. However that is not the case, If you are looking for a preschool or child care facility to just be there because you cant leave your child home alone then this is the place to go. If you are looking for a facility to actually care about the well being and education your child receives or if you are looking for a place that will communicate with you daily and care about your inputs on how to care for your child then I suggest you go elsewhere. The director likes to argue with you when you express your concerns about how your child is feeling and being treated.  She likes to tell you that you are wrong and that your child does not feel that way. The owner, Jared, seemed to care about the children here however his main concerns are telling you that you are wrong and he always stands by his employees and not you or your child. I have had other employees there tell me in secret about how things were handled and how they were not handled the way that works for my child. You can tell them \"I want to know if my child hits another child or if my child gets hit\", you can tell her 100 TIMES. You will then find out after the 5th time it happens. The directors response on why you were not informed in the beginning like you asked? \"I did not feel that it was necessary to let you know even though you have asked. I am telling you now you should be happy I am telling you now.\" She acts like she is the parent of the child and she has final say in how the child acts, feels, and should be treated. They are not praising my child when he is good. They are only focusing on the bad. This place is just ridiculous. Save your money and go else where. The teacher Michelle too is ridiculous and has no idea what she is doing and always acts like she doesn't even want to be there. They do not even teach the children ANYTHING.\n\nOh and they tell you their full time price is $135 a week. Full time hours? 6-6:30am. However,  If your child is there for more than 10 hours, it is extra. They don't tell you what the fee is. \"It depends\" \nOh and there is a $10 activity fee a month.\n\n5\/18\/16: So over a year later the owner, Jared, decides to contact me. He just emailed me on Yelp asking me to delete or update this review because he \"feels\" this is not a good representation of his business. He did not want to address the problems when my son was attending there and even now he doesn't care about what my child went through when he was there or about the problems and just asked me to remove my review. Do not send your child here apparently the owner still does not care about the children. I would give zero stars if I could. \n\nThere you go Jared, I updated it for you.