I've sat on writing this review for about a week now trying to decide what I wanted to say and how I wanted to rate this....well that and I was busy, ok? \n\nAnyway, took some family members and a couple of kids to the Lobster on a Monday evening. With the SnowBirds stil in town, this place was busy. What was supposed to only be a 25 minute wait was actually a 45 minute wait and after telling them we were leaving, a table suddenly came available. Imagine that....\n\nOur server was....confident. His introduction to us included a detailing of his excellence in service and went on for a couple of minutes while the kids squirmed. We ordered our drinks and away we went. \n\nNow Mr. Excellence in Service wasn't so excellent. Maybe it was because he was the only server in our section and he had 7 tables with at least 4 people at each table. I imagine that was because he had bragged to the manager how awesome he was and that he could handle it because normally at chains, the managment has policies about the number of tables a server can have. But I digress. Our drinks would be empty for a while before he would get around to us. And to top it off, he forgot to order our appetizer that he himself said he LOVED and was his favorite. Our salads took FOREVER to arrive and when our meals came, one of my companions and I who had ordered the same item didn't get the right item. Very disappointing. When Mr. Excellence in Service was called over and we told him about the missing appetizer as well as the two dishes that were incorrect, he almost broke down in tears right at the table! WTF? \n\nAnyway, we explained to him that we would eat our dinners but wanted a discount and wanted to be sure the app was not on our bill. He seemed fine with that and apologized about 200 times. Then the manager comes over. Clearly this woman has been beaten down by customers one too many times because she was nearly in tears as well. We weren't even mad...we just wanted to be sure we were billed correctly. She offered to put the missing item in a to-go box for us to enjoy later....again WTF? But she did give us free dessert, comp'd us a dinner and made sure the appetizer wasn't on our bill...which is all we wanted. \n\nThe food itself was fine...typical Red Lobster fare. Nothing overly special. The kids were happy with their food. I just wanted to be sure we didn't get billed for stuff we didn't get. But Mr. Excellence was so broken up about screwing up our table after all his bravado, he hardly returned until he brought us the bill where he apologized again so profusely even my 8 year old was like Dude, get a hold of yourself. \n\nThe saving grace of this experience was the comp'd dinner and free desserts. Yes I'll likely go back to Red Lobster because dammit I like that shrimp and lobster pasta. It beckons me every so often and I can't shake it. \n\nIf you go to this Red Lobster, expect a wait and expect substandard service, but at least you know the shrimp and lobster pasta won't disappoint you.