I always stop by the Tix 4 Tonight booth whenever I am in viva Las Vegas! Why you ask? Why don't I just purchase tickets on line ahead of time? (Gee you ask a lot of questions for someone who doesn't even know me) Well with Tix 4 Tonight, you can get tickets for roughly 40- 50% off the regular price and there are plenty of great shows to pick from, including Cirque Du Soleil shows and all the other big name acts that you are probably really wanting to see. A lot of times, Tix 4 Tonight sell tickets even cheaper than through other discount show\/ event websites (i.e. goldstar) and group discount websites (i.e. groupon, living social, etc), although not always though, but the majority of the time, Tix 4 Tonight is almost always cheaper. (Hope that answers your questions).\n\nThere are quite a lot of Tix 4 Tonight locations throughout the strip (also in downtown as well) and I have frequent this location at the Bill's Casino, (located right near the entrance off Las Vegas Blvd & Flamingo ) the one at the Hawaiian Marketplace and the one at the building where the M&M Store is at (there's a huge Coke soda bottle right outside the entrance in case you are driving on Las Vegas Blvd trying to find it). Every single time I have stopped by any of the locations I mentioned above, I have always had good customer service. The employees here are friendly, even when I just come to browse and end up not purchasing anything. Honestly, it is best to come early so that you have your pick of everything because a lot of times they can sell out (hey let's face it, you're not the only one who knows about Tix 4 Tonight). And then after you buy tickets for a show, make sure you stop by the box office wherever that play or show is taking place so that you can pick up your tickets (some show seating is 1st come, 1st served kind of thing and so you know the later you go to that box office, the less likely you will get the best seats for the price you paid).\n\nOverall, love Tix 4 Tonight. Easy transactions, friendly customer service, saving some $$$ and you're able to check out some of the best shows (oh and by the way, they also sell discount tickets for some buffets on the strip too). But the only downside is that you are only able to purchase tickets for that night or the next day. So just be flexible on what you want to see I guess so you won't get so let down. Oh and the other downside is that the tickets they have are displayed on a large flat screen but it all goes on a loop (in alphabetical order) and so you will most likely not be able to see what's offered the 1st time around and so either your eyes will gloss over all the choices or you will end up standing there looking at the screen for a good 20 minutes deciding which show you want to see. Just wished they'd have several screens and just display each section so that you can just read each screen easier instead of letting it go on a continuous loop.