White people cooking Mexican food for other white people- and not very well!!!!!\n\nThis place is close to my work, so we decided to try it.....here's my review :\n\nNot going back EVER. This is not Mexican food, this is white people's opinion of what Mexican food is-minus ANY flavor...... Which can be proven by coming in here and seeing ONLY white people dining. It was only white people last time we came, too (us included...) I mean, i think that right there is your sign, when real Mexicans won't even dine at a Mexican restaurant, then you're not getting authentic Mexican flavors. I can't believe the reviews say \"best salsa in the valley\" WHAAAAAATTTTT!!??!! I believe in fair honest reviews. So here: it was not good :\/ today was my second time at this 'Mexican food' restaurant. Let me just tell you.....I have never ever tasted anything more bland LOL! The food was....pretty sad. Chips and salsa come out first, and the mild salsa tastes like tomato gazpacho...weird. I guess the person who said it was best in the valley likes tomato juice. Nothing wrong with that, but to me salsa should be bursting with flavors, cilantro, onion, garlic.......where were those flavors?? It honestly looks like tomato juice with bits of cilantro (that i couldn't taste) and chunks of stewed tomatoes. Sighhhhhhh. The hot salsa was just hot. No flavor. Ordered a cheese crisp as an appetizer-that was pretty delicious (should've ordered 5 of them and called it quits....but alas, we did not...) But it doesn't showcase any skill in the kitchen to toast cheese on a tortilla, so to me this doesn't count. Then, my friend and I ordered 2 taco's each. There was a 2 taco combination plate that came with rice and beans for $9 bucks, but we didn't want the rice or beans, we just wanted 2 tacos each. So we ordered one fish taco, one chicken taco, and 2 of the \"Robert's\" tacos (which our server said, and I QUOTE, was \"yum yum, one of the best items on the menu!\". ALL of the tacos were very very bland!!!!!! The 'Robert's taco' was a deep fried shredded beef taco, which I remember eating in Tucson as a kid. How do you mess up something deep fried???? By not seasoning it, that's how! Like, NO flavors. It tasted like cooked meat with no seasoning!!!!!! And how do you mess up SALSA???? I just don't understand. I was so severely disappointed. and then after all was said and done we waited a pretty long time to get our check. We had eaten half our tacos, and we both work in a restaurant as well so we didn't complain about the food (not sure it would've done any good anyway, even if they offered to recook it or another menu item.....we were so severely turned off that we just wanted out of there) But when the lady dropped our check she charged us for the $9 dollar 2 item combo!! Aww, insult to injury right there. And at that point I was ready to say something but guess what- She NEVER came back to take the payment from us after 10 minutes. So we'll never ever go back. It's funny, a lot of servers are elderly white ladies! WHAT!? LOL!!! Anyways. I was pretty severely disappointed. Coming from a seasoned restaurant worker, this was just a sad, sad day for Mexican food.