I can't remember the last time I ate at a restaurant that came so close to hitting the mark, but somehow missed it by a mile.  There is a lot to like about Bootleggers, but tons of little problems add up so quickly that I honestly can't say I'm in a rush to give it another try.\n\nThe good:\nA $50 for $25 dollar gift certificate from Local Dines (https:\/\/www.localdines.com\/phoenix?ref=19485).  Who doesn't like to save money?\n\nThe Odor.  I got out of my car and could smell the barbecue across the parking lot.  There's even a funny sign that says to follow the scent.  Nice touch.\n\nThe ambiance.  The old looking wood and brick and the metal table tops and chairs have a cool appeal.  It feels like the building is around 100 years, and not in a bad way.\n\nMoonshine.  There's a huge selection of moonshine on the menu.  Not only does this work perfectly with the prohibition theme, but Bootleggers offers a flight where you can sample three for just $10.\n\nCheap food.  Prices are surprisingly low.  The portions are big.  My wife and I ordered a lot more food than we were expecting to eat because we wanted to hit the $50 price on the local dine.  If you use the gift certificate, make sure to bring a few friends.\n\nThe bad:\nA ridiculous wait.  When I looked at Bootlegger's website, I didn't notice the 'make a reservation' button.  We showed up and were told that it would take 30 to 45 minutes to be seated.  We decided to run a quick errand and return, but still ended up waiting well over an hour.\n\nAn awkward waiting area.  There's plenty of space to stand, but no where to sit and an uncomfortable view of the entire restaurant.  You can see everything.  It sucks to be the people watching everyone else eat and drink, and strange to be eating and see all the people standing around and watching and waiting on you.\n\nThe kitchen door is in the front of the restaurant.  Who came up with this dumb idea?  All the food runners had to walk around the people waiting for tables.  While seeing the food did get my appetite going, it was really annoying to have to get out of the way when the servers and runners were moving around the crowd like we were part of an obstacle course.\n\nThe food.  Nothing was bad.  It just wasn't worth the wait.  The presentation was also overkill.  Many of the plates were just the right size for the meal, but left no room for maneuvering.  We ordered nachos as an appetizer.  The chips were way to small.  You couldn't scoop of the toppings off the plate without getting it all over your had.  I eventually resorted to using my fork, not a fun way to eat nachos.  We had a side of the grilled cauliflower.  The server and runner made it sound like a bit of this would be life-changing.  It was good.  But it was just skillet of cauliflower with the onion cheddar and pretzel bread on top it.  The dish didn't come together as cohesive bite.  It just felt like I was eating the four ingredients on one plate.\n\nThe service.  Our waiter was very friendly and a little overly excited.  Not a bad thing.  But he also disappeared after the food hit the table.  He also forgot one of the items we ordered.  He totally owned up to it, but by the time we got someone to flag him down, we just asked for it to go.  When a bag and box arrived at our table, whomever prepared it really dropped the ball.  The box was way too big for the bag so they put it in sideways.  That wouldn't be a big deal except there was chicken and coleslaw in the box which totally mixed together creating a big mess.  Why didn't they pack the side separately?\n\nBootleggers is a newer restaurant (only a couple of months old), so some kinks are expected.  The place has a pretty good vibe and is at least worth a try.  I'm just not sure at this time if it's worth a second try.