Be sure to understand this is a Coffee bar, not coffee and espresso. Sounds like a very minor disabiguation, but they take their coffee *very* seriously, and their espresso drinks fall a bit short for how much money they cost. A cappuccino here is decent, but I've also had some disappointing ones, which is doubly disapppointing at $3+. The coffee is good, but it's all specialty - you can't order a good ole fashioned $1.50 drip cup from this emporium. A black coffee will also set you back about three bones (or, if you get serious, $9). Some people are into that, and it's great that there's a place in Pittsburgh that caters to that clientelle. To me, it's a high maintenance coffee shop for high maintenance customers. There, I said it.\n\nThe baristas are passionate about their pours. This is great if you want to wax quixotic about the roasts, growers, flowery frontal flavor versus chocolate tittilating the rear pallate. But if you want to splash some milk in your coffee and be done with it (because they hide the milk, and then sometimes lecture about how it ruins the coffee you just spent $3.50 on. A fair point, but it's your drink and you should be able to \"ruin\" it however you please, imho), or if you're really jonesing for an iced Americano even though you know there's a chance the espresso will get bittered in the chilling process (they will *strongly* suggest you order a cold pour, even if you don't much care for them, because the idea of not liking a cold pour is beyond reason, apparently...Not that I have experience with this or anything).\n\nThis place is decently located in the Strip District. La Prima is also nearby, but a bit less cozy. There are wonderfully large windows from which to spend a rainy afternoon gazing, but be sure to bring a notebook because the electrical outlets upstairs (where the more comfortable seating is located) are sparce and hard to reach from most tables. On a crowded day, you might be out of luck with your laptop once your battery runs out.