For the longest time I grappled with  leaving a review or to not.  After hearing so many great things about Hot N Juicy from friends, family and chef's I was really looking forward to this place!!  I knew what it was all about before I got there.  Rolling up yer sleeves and gettin down n' dirty with pound bags of some critters of the sea......  We heeded the warnings of early yelpers and went at an off time so we didn't have to wait an hour.  We ordered crawdads, crab and shrimp.  I had never had crawfish to eat before but I had caught these lil buckaroos as a kid when my ADD would leave me catching critters in the lakes I was fishing in INSTEAD of watching my fishing pole. I was not a fan of my first crawfish experience but I don't hold that against Hot N Juicy , probably just wasn't for me.  The shrimp were average and the king crab legs were good.  The hardest thing for me reviewing Hot N Juicy was it might just not be for me.  The concept is cool but after my experience I don't want my seafood to be masked with a flavor of garlic and chile for lbs on end.  I want to taste the natural sweetness, or flavor of freshly squeezed lemon juice and allow the protein to be in the spotlight it deserves.  My two star rating isn't for the cuisine here though.  I realize it just wasn't for me.  I was more disappointed and left unsure of the cleanliness of the dining room.  I am not a neat-freak.... I knew going into this that it was dirty.  I was not expecting the table fun to extend to the walls of the restaurant though.  We were seated in a booth in the back of the restaurant that during the time of our dining had direct sunlight on the wall.  That entire wall was the spotlight of 100 different greasy, juicy paw prints that made it look like kids finger painting with crisco.  It actually pains me to leave a negative review of a restaurant that gets so many rave reviews from fellow yelpers.  Cleanliness needs to be improved dramatically.  Hot N Juicy needs to get Hot and Soapy......