The absolute WORST dry cleaners (and maybe even business) I have ever dealt with. This woman (Sun, the owner I believe) was so rude and disrespectful after shrinking my dress shirts that I BEGGED them to specifically NOT shrink that I almost thought it was a joke with how she was treating me. I brought two dress shirts back to this place after I tried them on and the sleeves came down to an inch above my wrists on each side. Now, I have had these shirts cleaned many times and they have NEVER done this. So when I went back, and I wasn't necessarily asking for a refund or anything, just wanted to let them know it happened and to see if they could fix it, this witch went on the most incredible rant I have ever heard a business owner go on to a customer about how her company, in 21 years, has never one time messed anything up before and proceeded to point at me and call me a liar in front of the entire store. Now, it takes a lot for me to lose my cool and I tried to calm her down but there was no point. She did not speak very good English and I'm not sure if she understood me or not but I just wanted an apology and possibly a solution. \n\nInstead, she says, \"I no like you, you no like me, I no need your business.\" I went on to ask her if the $5 it cost for two shirts was worth the possibility of me never bringing business there again (I just moved so I would be paying hundreds there if they were a decent business) and she decided to answer and talk on her cell phone in front of me while I stood there. I made her hang up and she walked away from me and started putting stuff away. I tried to tell her that I was only trying to find a solution for the ruined shirts (which cost me over $175 now, plus the $25 in total cost of the crappy cleaning) and came to no avail.\n\nLong story short, I BEG you people to never use this horrific woman's company for anything. Rude, terrible customer service and even worse service and product. The only reason this is rated a 1 star is because you can't go lower. DO NOT USE BRIGHT AND FRESH CLEANERS IN INDEPENDENCE.