Short Review:  \nDonut Bar originated in San Diego and places an emphasis on fresh, tasty, picture worthy, and creative donuts.  If a caked donut full of sugar is your thing, then give Donut Bar a try.  Donut Bar is considered one the best and their customer service is excellent.  Just be early because these donuts sell out fast. \n\nLonger Review:  \nI remember the excitement when Donut Bar opened in Las Vegas.  I'm not going to lie.  I wasn't that excited when I heard the news. I didn't bookmark this place and had the opinion that Donut Bar was just hype. I'm originally from the 619 and remember when the first Donut Bar opened their doors in Daygo. I was one of those people that waited in line. The owner of that location was pretty cool and would walk by the line with full sized donut samples to patrons waiting to get in. Originally, I wasn't a fan.  I had a few failed visits because their donuts were either out or I got something that was too sweet.  I always picked a donut that just didn't \"wow\" me. I am also not into a cake donut with a bunch of sugar on it. I'm really boring when it comes to my donuts. I prefer a chocolate glazed raised donut, maple bar, cruller, or an apple fritter.  That's all I really need or want when I'm in a donut shop.  But when the girlfriend loves donuts, then you support her by eating donuts.  I have been here a couple of times since grand opening week.  I've tried the Samoa, The French Toast, Cake Batter, Caramel Latte, the Big Poppa Tart, Crème Brulee, Matcha Cake, PB&J, and of course, the Homer. Their originality, freshness, and consistency stands out.  I haven't had anything here that was too oily and greasy.  Again, these donuts really do not appeal to me and in my opinion, just too sweet. But then I had their Caramel Latte.  This donut is perfectly glazed with their latte flavor.  Then a little whipped cream and caramel is added. Because this donut is large, the glaze and toppings do not give it that overly sweet taste.  The texture is also perfect and not dry at all. This donut with a cup of their hot coffee equals perfection.  I will cheat on my chocolate raised donut any day for their Caramel Latte.  This donut alone made me a fan. \n\n2017 Yelp Review #77