If you are looking for a late night vet, skip this headache and go to Craig Road Animal Hospital instead...They are open until 12:00am. Sadly, my experience was similar to those who left reviews. My golden retriever was puking for about 30 min. His demeanor was happy as can be. I called this hospital asking about their emergency fees when the lady on the phone acted as if it was a medical emergency and advised me that I needed to get my dog in right away. She told me it sounded like my dog had an obstruction. She offered to waive my $75 doctors visit if I wrote a good review. When I arrived to the office, the first thing I noticed was the conversation the office staff was having with the customer on the phone...it sounded very similar to mine. The cost was outrageous! I was taken to the back and quoted over $1700 for IV, fluids, X-rays, and blood work. They also wanted to keep my dog overnight. We were told based on the results, we could be paying more money. When I told them I couldn't afford it, they had no empathy and suggested that I open a credit card or call friends or family. I informed them that I was not comfortable w\/ the entire treatment plan nor did I think it was necessary to give my 70 pound happy go lucky golden retriever on an IV for puking a little. They made me feel like I had no options over my dogs treatment. All I wanted was a little guidance and honest options. I don't want to feel forced into a plan that I don't feel is necessary. I also voiced my concern over whether my dog could wait til the morning because he stopped puking.  Overall, I made the decision to refuse treatment. I went to Craig Road Animal hospital which was open til 10pm (12am for emergencies). The first thing the vet asked me was what my budget was. They worked w\/ me the entire time and truly listened to my concerns. They also helped me weigh out options and determine the most important treatment plan. I paid $300 and saved $1400. My golden also did not have an obstruction...Turns out he drank some spoiled milk and had an upset stomach. The other vet also told me she would never push blood because my golden was in such great spirits. I was so emotionally torn on what to do but ultimately decided any other hospital or second opinion would be better than this one. Save your time\/money and don't get tied in this scam. I realize not all situations are like mine and time is of essence so use your best judgement.