I had such high, excited hoped for El Cantrin. I saw pictures and thought there's no way this won't be my summer jam. Can't even tell you how broken-hearted\/hungry I was after I went. There were definitely positives, but my experience just drowned them all out.\n\nCame for lunch at noon yesterday and it all just started sour. Got to the door and the screwface hostess asked how many we were then asked us to wait in line. From the outside we could see the patio and it was maybe 40% full. This isn't King St at midnight; wtf am I doing waiting in line when there are tables? Got through the \"line\" and then she asked again how many people. Seated 2 minutes later. The girl who seated us was even less hospitable than the door girl.\n\nSat down and it took about 15-20 mins before anyone came to take our drink order. Again, the place wasn't busy and there was staff everywhere. I ordered the watermelon fire to drink and thankfully it came out quickly and I loved it. Their brunch menu wasn't all that thrilling so I was having a hard time with it. Got the guacamole and nuts for an app and our waitress said everything on the second page was a good portion for one person, so I ordered the mexican corn cakes and my friend ordered the eggs. Guac came out almost immediately by an adorable, personable guy mushing up the avocado in front of us and making it a great app to start with. See? I'm really not just here to complain :)\n\nMy friend's eggs came almost right away. They were lukewarm and you know when bean dip has been sitting and starts to harden a bit on the outside? That's how his plate came. My food didn't come with his. Isn't it restaurant 101 to serve meals together, especially when it's just two people? I didn't want his food to get even cooler so I told him to start, thinking mine would be out any minute. He finished his meal before my food came out 45 minutes after ordering. My food was seriously the tiiiiiiniest portion, so the claim of \"good for one person\" was a joke. The chorizo was old, served on stale corn cakes. I took one bite and was through with the place. \n\nWe were on a time constraint so when the waitress asked if she could bring me something else, we just asked for the bill. It was a little expensive but I was expecting that for the venue, because it really is gorgeous. Settling the bill took over ten minutes which annoyed me because I just told you I'm on a time crunch and you know I had a shitty meal so why aren't you being more accommodating? Oh, and the bill came to 56, my friend left 70, and the waitress brought back 15 even, so we had no choice but to leave her 10 without seriously stiffing her. So tactless right? \n\nIt all just felt so Moxie's. Like I was being served by university students trying to make a buck but took no pride in the place. I don't feel like Toronto restaurants understand how CRUCIAL our experience is and how it can all be saved by hiring the right people. Someone mentioned in another review that Toronto's a worldly place and we go everywhere and dine at the best places. Don't spend all this money and make all this effort to make your place beautiful, only to hire staff  who treat us like we don't know any better. \n\nKeep the guacamole guy.