Needed to stop in and be seen for the blues. The check In was exceptional. From step 1 registration to step 2 seeing the triage nurse for vitals. Was about 10 minutes. \n\nI happened to of taken a picture of the admitting station, the triage station and the waiting room. \nWhile starting my review of how great this process was and what a positive experience I was having. I was approached by the security asking why I wAs taking pictures of the staff and what my intentions was. \n\nI explained to the 1st security officer (yes i say 1st security officer) I was just writing a review of the experience I was having here. He proceeded to inform me of HIPA laws that prevented me from taking pictures while in the hospital or of the property, it's staff members and patients. Being clueless of this fact I apologized and thought the subject closed (I guess I was wrong). \n\n3 additional reinforcements arrive surrounding my little chair (cutting off all exit access). There head interrogator proceeds to ask the 1st security officer. What's going on and what's my problem. This conversation takes place no more than 2 feet in front of me (annoyance builds). \n\nSo it's the interrogator job now to re ask why am I taking pictures. Repeat the same information I was just given about hospital rules. He must of felt it was important to inform me that I was breaking the law and that it may be necessary to confiscate my phone. \n\nNow I'm surrounded by security with hands on there protection devices (im patiently annoyed now) and 5 or 6 nurses coming out to find out what was going on (looky loos) in waiting area. This whole situation started to become so amusing. I thought of getting up real quick and going for the exits. \n\nI was saved by the nurse who called me to the ER (bless you). She offhandedly asked me what was going on in the waiting area. I thought of telling her there was a crazy yelper outside. But I ended with a shrug of my shoulders.\n\nThis experience would of rated a 4 star but the security was unbelievable. Be careful of those dangerous yelpers I hear they may hold u accountable for the crazy stuff u do.