The Good:\nA family owned and operated single location\nGreat food with huge portion size at a great price\nAwesome customer service\n\nThe Bad:\nNot the cleanest dining area\n\nThe Skinny:\n5 stars. James is a BBQ artist extraordinaire. My taste buds were happy, this is some of the best BBQ I've had in a while, and I've been to BBQ places all over the South, Chicago, St. Louis, Georgia, the Carolinas, etc. \n\nAlthough hard to spot from the street, thanks to Yelp and GPS, I found a barbecue heaven.  I tried going to Little Miss Piggy's a few miles away but with no parking and long line outside the door, I came here instead. \n\nOne of the coolest things for a foodie is to step into a hole in the wall and pull out a great prize.  Here, there is great food, good portion size, and a good value.  Barbecue places that are decent usually cost over $20 for a good sized platter.  But not here.  For $13, I got the choice of two meats and a fantastic mac and cheese for $13.00.  It was enough to feed two people. I came in smelling like after shave and came out smelling like wood smoke.  Heaven. Just so you know, the dining area has seen better days.  The walls had customer scribbled words of positivism and love.\n\nI had just finished my last appointment of the day, so I came in at 2:00 PM.  There were still a few people coming in that were regulars. The owner said some of the selections might not be available, but I was able to snag the last of the Tri-Tip and Pulled Pork.  I waited for them to pack it, and then I saw they also had a home made peach mini cobbler.  Yes, sir, gotta have it!   Driving out of the parking lot was a challenge for a few minutes in this busy street. I took everything back to my hotel room and had a messy feast.\n\nBoth meats had great flavor, and were juicy and so tender from slow cooking in smoke.  The mac and cheese had a spicy tang.  The peach cobbler was a great finish with cinnamon peach in a cake like crust.  As hungry as I was, I could only finish half of what they gave me.  I certainly hope if I'm in the area again, I can try more of their selections.