Womp, womp. Just decent..\n\nI've had this place bookmarked for quite some time now and was excited to finally try it. Came in about ten minutes after they just opened for breakfast on a Sunday with no reservations. We were easily accommodated as we were one of the first few there. Tip: if you do go later in the am, I recommend making reservations. By the time we were done eating, the restaurant was a lot more full.\n\nWe were fortunate enough to get seated with one of the best views in the conservatory. The lighting is beautiful, decor-very clean and pristine, and the view of the outdoor pool alongside cabanas makes you feel like you're not in Vegas. When the weather permits, I'm sure the outdoor area would be ideal.\n\nOrdered the Tableau breakfast, duck hash & eggs, and white chocolate orange fresh toast. Make sure if you order the Tableau breakfast to add your option of juice, coffee, or tea because our server never brought it up to us until we told her. Tip: there's a vegetarian menu for those who need it. \n\nEveryone received bite sized strawberry donuts compliments of the chef-nice touch. A pastry basket accompanies the Tableau breakfast that came with two palmiers, two blueberry muffins, and two pineapple pastries. They were okay. I, personally, ordered the duck hash & eggs and my favorite part about it was probably the pastry layer on the bottom. There was ample amount of duck, potatoes, topped with scrambled eggs and roasted tomato hollandaise sauce. Portion size is just right but I still did not finish mine as I found it too gamey and overwhelming to my palate after eating half of it. Also, I didn't taste much tomato flavor in the hollandaise sauce. Sorry! I know a lot of people on here raved about it but I guess it just didn't cater to my taste buds. The white chocolate orange french toast garnished with blueberries and orange slices was good but the white chocolate was too subtle that it tasted more like orange. \n\nOverall, this place is just alright. Our initial server was not the friendliest and she seemed annoyed by our indecisiveness. Food was ok and during our time here, we felt very uptight and as if we needed to be on our best behaviors. Just not my cup of tea. I'd return only if someone I knew really wanted to check it out.