I am always so surprised when I check into the Yelp app and the business is no where to be found. Perhaps it's easy for a local biz  in Toronto to get recognition but where's the love for the family owned suburb shops? Then my light bulb goes off, and in that sparkling magical moment I enjoy my special little self the most.  - It's a tough job but someones gotta do it! \nAllow me to introduce this cute little lunch cafe placed discreetly on a hill in a heavily industrial type area. If you are driving on Tomken, after the bridge you will see a hill to the left. There stands a board welcoming 'Adobo Cafe' in chocolate brown thick font with a safari type of theme and a pale forest green background. I enjoy the atmosphere of this place because the staff make everyone feel really welcome. The restaurant itself is located in an odd place so expect to find a bit of difficulty finding the door. My advice is, once you turn onto Timberlea (there's only one way to go) take your first right into the business plaza and another right. This way should take you to the front of the building. Keep driving till you see a tiny patio on the left side (your right side would be the street, Tomken). There's plenty of parking space which I always consider a bonus. The door is wedged really awkwardly between a pillar and another door. You go in and your faced with another door with the weekly menu taped on the door (kind of like a - check yourself before you wreck yourself' ) I enjoy this.\n\nChef Charles makes new daily specials that have your taste buds on some type of vacation fiesta. I do believe he is owner but I cannot be too sure. You'll know him as soon as you walk in... or at least, he'll make sure he knows you. \n\nUpon my 3rd visit , Charles offered to edumecate me on what Adobo is. Turns out, it's not just a catchy cool biz name, but a dish of marinated vegetables and meat or fish; served with rice. In the Philippines, the further into the provinces you go , the more twists on the recipe. Example: some areas add ginger, others are prepared with more broth. Here at the café, the adobo is made from chicken, pork, or beef, and braised in Soya sauce, cane sugar, vinegar, garlic, and bay leaves. - Salivating yet? \n\n The creations every week are above average quality and it isn't your regular 5$ place. A regular entre will be close to $9.00 and worth it. The ingredients are fresh and you can see everything while they make it for you. My absolute favourite is the Crab brisk cream mixed with arugula on a whole wheat bagel and a salad - The crab mixture is a deliciously creamy combination of arugula, crab sticks, pickles, roasted red peppers, carrot shreds, cucumbers and dill all mixed in with mayo. The consistency of the cream is wonderfully complimentary to the dry bagel. This comes with a stuffed green olive held by a toot pick on top of the bagel and a Greek salad on the side. This dish is perfect for a summer lunch where it leaves you wholesome and seafoody but light enough that you can bounce happily back to work. The rest of the dishes are just as inventive and should be tried. You can afford to be adventurous here and I usually do. Since I don't eat pork , it's definitely hard to hear all the raves from the regulars talking about how great the pulled pork panini was - so I'm passing this onto all you pork lovers - come get some. \n\nThe place itself is decent sized but small and it has a few tables and chairs inside as well as a tiny patio outside. The walls have random objects and pictures from all the travels the owners done, which I think is neat-O! The process is much like a school cafeteria- get a tray from then slide it to the cash, pay, seat yourself and eat. During , usually when the crowd rush dies down the chef comes around and asks how everything is. He really is very talented and friendly so it makes it easy to talk about recipes and tips with him. Rest assured, the rest of the staff are just as friendly. I took my boss to lunch here (it's how I roll) and she was impressed. Then shortly a few coworkers and they were really happy with it. If you do end up being in the neighbourhood , do try this place and high five the chef, he's good people. \n\nSigning off\nyour friendly neighbourhood local biz discoverer,   \n\nxoxo\nM.