Palazzo is the pimpest place on the Strip that I can afford to stay at. (Split between a million girls in a suite, shhh...) One day I'll move on to bigger and better things like Encore.\n\nIt's so luxurious - shiny and bright, no flaws in sight. Once you step into the lobby you'll see the front desk on your left with sky high ceilings where they pump out some sort of alluring scent that sucks you in. Walk through and you're in the middle of the large casino. Further down you'll find the shops I can't afford, like Christian Louboutin and Herve Leger. \n\nBut the rooms...\n\nEach suite comes with two double beds and a corner couch in the \"living room\" with built-in bed. There were THREE tv's in our room - one in the bathroom, and two bathrobes, and a large bath for bubbles... These rooms make you forget about your real life of poverty and take you to another place of bourgeois and glamour. \n\nI think the best part about staying at the Palazzo though are the pools. Now, when I think of my ultimate pool I think of the Grotto at the Playboy mansion, something with ambiance - rocks and waterfalls and lush palm trees. So when I heard that Palazzo's pools lack varying topography and landscaping I was kind of bummed. But wait until you see the pools - there are seriously a million pools here (6, I think) combined with Venetian's pools equals a billion. There's small wading pools, hot tubs, Azure (the party pool), large pools. I got lost just trying to get to the pools. And they have lounge chairs in each of the pools where they're about a foot deep into the water so you're halfway immersed like a glistening Malibu Barbie doll that screams, 'YOU WANT ME.'  (I do a beached whale much better than a Barbie.)\n\nAnd then of course there's Lavo (can more attractive people fit into one restaurant?!) and the restaurants that connect Venetian and Palazzo. The staff is useful too, although with a hotel\/casino that large there isn't much interaction between staff and guests. They were really accommodating when it came to getting housekeeping to bring up a buttload of stuff everyday. Lifesavers.\n\nOur trip to Vegas would've still been insane if we hadn't stayed at Palazzo but man, it definitely helped and I'd looove to hear the stories if those walls could talk.