So I did it. I stayed at the Plaza for a little staycation for 3 nights for my birthday. Despite all the negative reviews they were having a promotion buy 2 nights get 1 night (wednesday only) free so I said what the heck ill stay there. We paid $90 bux TOTAL for 3 nights..tues wed and thurs. That also included the $10\/night \"resort fee\" which is bs. So the fee includes 2 bottles of water in your room for every night u stay, wi-fi and access to the pool and gym.  The pool was fine it was small but it was clean and they played music so I have no complaints about that. The gym if you can even call it that, had a handful of extremely outdated cardio machines and guess what they did not work. Only 1 machine in the whole room worked and it was the 1990 elliptical! They had one weight machine and some dumbbells but i wanted to do cardio so I was disappointed. The wi-fi worked and I got my water 2 nights during my stay I did not get any on my 3rd day. So resort fee is crap. Next the rooms. We got 2 queens in the South Tower and we got a smoking room. Now bf and I dont smoke but we thought if any of our friends came down they could smoke in the room. Bad bad bad idea. The hallway getting off the elevator reeked of smoke then the room was just stank. It was to be expected but even 2 air fresheners didn't help the room smell any better.  The sink was clogged and slow draining the whole time and the bathroom was so tiny. There were stains on the floor and it always felt wet so we had wear shoes the whole time. But alas it is the Plaza. My biggest complaint was that the power was out for a while and when we called the front desk to complain the lady who answered said it was no fault of theirs bc it was \"an act of god\". Did she really just say that? We asked if they had backup generators and they said yes but only for emergencies.  Not that the power going out is an extreme emergency but come on its 100+ degrees in the summer in Vegas and im paying to sit in a room with no air and no tv and \"its an act of god\" is the best you can come up with? Straight bs. 2 stars are for the Pop Up Pizza place and the price we paid for 3 nights was hella cheap. What can I say you get what you pay for. I wont be back.  Deuces Plaza.