This ... was quite an experience. I'm sitting at a cafe in Atlanta, telling a friend about the bachelorette party I planned for my best friend and I can't help thinking that I need to rate this place on Yelp.\n\nI didn't get to research this place since the other maid of honor was designated to search for strip clubs in Vegas while I conducted the hotel, restaurants, and transportation. \n\nI only saw the website for this club the day that we went, and it seemed very interesting, raunchy, and the perfect place to take our bachelorette there. \n\nThey picked us up in front of the Venetian after dinner, and I really liked the complimentary limo service. We got a huge Escalade limo and was able to surprise the bride to be with it at the last minute. That got us in the mood to party so that was lots of fun.\n\nOnce we got to the club, we walked through the bottom floor, which is for me [viewing women strippers], and headed upstairs to the male strippers. The atmosphere was totally different upstairs. Everyone was screaming when the guys came on to do their individual routines, and random lap dances for other bachelorettes were also embraced with shocked screams. Downstairs, the atmosphere was much quieter, and the guys were all lounging instead of screaming and partying. \n\nOur drink service started out fine. We got our first round, but it took FOREVER and a DAY to get the second round. We wanted to get a little more liquored up before they took the bachelorette on stage, but that didn't happen. \n\nI've been to a strip club before, but it was more of a show, and you ASKED for the lap dance. Here, the attack you like vultures, going after your friends and using tactics to get lap dances that you didn't even want. I was NOT a fan of this, and I felt for my friends that were too nice to say no to their selling antics. We are here to party but give us some time to work up our energy and drinks and let US ask for the lap dance! The constant questions and selling antics got really tiring and we ended up leaving after about 2 hours or so, just because we were so annoyed at the talking naked men!!\n\nOverall, the performances were cool. The routines were cheesy but fun, and I was appalled at some of the acrobatic skills the dancers possessed. Some were going split jumps in the air and hand stands like Olympic gymnasts! Why not do Cirque du Soleil instead of stripping? Who knows, everyone has their reasons.