HOR.RI.BLE!! The employees are young, snotty teenage girls. I couldn't tell if it was a pick up joint for scantily clad girls while being picked up by boys or a pet shop. They were very preoccupied with the teen boys in the shop. Once we purchased our dog (which we wouldn't have if we had read this site first) everything was fine. When the dog was sick, they were worse. Hailey decided we were the problem and she knew because \"she's been doing this 17 years\" when she's all of 22 at the most! The dog's blood sugar kept dropping and our vet wanted to run tests but pet pros won't pay unless we go to their vet. They actually say in their paperwork that their vet is better because the vet is better at detecting problems in animals from different regions. What? Anyway, They told us to bring him in and they'd take him to the vet. So, we took him from our vet and gave him to them because we didn't want to have a huge bill and he almost died twice in 3 days. This was Thursday. They told us to pick him up on Friday. I called Friday and no dog. I would have to come Saturday morning, I thought he was still with the vet. Call Saturday, no dog. He was at hailey's house and some one would bring him over. When we got there, hailey scolded us on the dog and said our vet blew his vein. She was extremely rude about a dog that didn't belong to her and believe me when I tell you, he was quite the investment. She was more than willing to let our 8 year old freely roam the store with a tiny baby Maltese so I have hard time understanding how she was so worried about who handled the dog. She basically told us that our vet was crap and was just trying to drain us of money. Our vet had saved the life of our other dog so this didn't set well with me. Take the dog home to California. Dog has another episode. Take him to the vet and he has coccidia and giardia. Which they hi light as potential problems in their dogs. So then we thought they lied about taking the dog to the vet. I called them and if I thought Hailey was bad, she's got nothing on her sister Allie. This girl had no class and limited speaking ability. She was also touting herself as the manager. Lord help us if this is what we are turning out in the future. She was very condescending and quite frankly I felt like I was back in high school talking to a girl I had offended by talking to her boyfriend. She hung up on me and when I called her back, she said it was because \"you aren't listening to me\". She also blamed us for the dogs condition and criticized the 3 vets we had taken him to. I asked for the owner so I could speak to an adult that actually had authority but she refused and then gave me a generic website. I called their vet who said they were told to do nothing more that observe the dog to see if he had an episode. Of course he didn't because he was hopped up on IV sugars from our vet the day before. The vet said they couldn't run tests because we didn't take him as the owners. But no one called to ask if they could. So their \"better\" vet dropped the ball too. We are giving the dog 2 medications. Sugars every 2 hours along with protein shakes every 2 hours. Even at night. We're exhausted but he's flourishing now that we know what's wrong. Allie made it clear that our regimen was nothing more than our vet overcharging. Talked to their vet and it turns out, they would have him on the same course of treatment. As an adult, I would like to do business with an adult. These girls are very immature and are clearly not looking out for the dogs as was apparent in how they care for the ones in their store. Our little is lucky. We bought him and he dodge a bullet staying with them any longer.