OMG.  There really aren't enough \"OMG\"s to go around to describe this place, but OMG!!!!!!!!!!  Me and my girlfriends came to Vegas 2 weeks ago to celebrate a birthday.  One of my friends, ever the planner, found out about this place via Yelp and her eyes popped out of her socket when she saw the Mimosa Trio Sampler on the menu.  'Nuff said.  We were definitely going to visit when we got to Vegas.  Oh, they have crepes, too?  That's cool.  So we touch down in Vegas at the abysmal hour of 10:00am (!) and proceed to Crepe Expectations.  There was a total of 4 of us so we decided to get 2 breakfast crepes, 2 sweet crepes, and then we would just split them all.  The 2 breakfast crepes that we ordered were the Monterey Crepe and the Rosarito Crepe.  I can't...I just can't.  I'm getting a headache now just thinking about HOW GOOD that ish was.  Really?  Really?!  The cheese was gooey and everything was so flavorful.  My friends were debating which crepe was better of the two.  At that point I'm like, \"Who gives a f@ck?!\"  They were both blowing my mind!  Cut to the 2 sweet crepes: Bananas Foster and Perfect Combination.  The Bananas Foster ruled HANDS DOWN!  God I wanted to lick that plate.  But on to better things:  THE MIMOSA TRIO SAMPLER!!!  We EACH got a sampler, so yes, 12 mimosas were on our table.  I ordered the orange (yes I stay true to the original, thank you very much), white peach and passion fruit.  When you order the passion fruit they provide a little spoon for you to mix the drink with.  There are also several other flavors to choose from as well.  I thought that the white peach and passion fruit were too sweet, but the orange?  JUST RIGHT.  And DON'T call me boring because the orange was my favorite.  I just appreciate the classics, that's all.  They're in pretty small glasses, so....yes, I ordered another sampler.  What?  Don't judge.  But when I ordered the second sampler, Mike, who I believe is the owner and totally AWESOME in every way, gave me the rest of the champagne that was left and told me to go to town.  And go to town we did.  When we were done licking our plates and boozing it up, Mike proceeded to bring us free bowls of soup!  What the hell?!  Mike, we love you!!!!  So we stumbled out of Crepe Expectations at 12 noon (yes, we had been there that long) with our bellies full and our sobriety greatly compromised.  Three cheers and 5 stars all around for Crepe Expectations!!