Never EVER again. I used to go to their previous location and found such a bad ass stylist named Natalie. She highlighted my hair prettiest color of blonde and gave me a great cut. One day i'm sick of it, so I dye my hair medium brown from a box color for a change. I kept it for a few months and wanted to back to blonde, so I called to make an appointment. Apparently, Globe moved to their salon to LV Blvd off Charleston (basically in the ghetto in some hotel) and i'm like okay. Then I find out Natalie moved to San Francisco. Sad face. So I made an appointment with Megan, missed it because I had to work and they set me up with some other girl who was from New York. I went in having long brown hair and left with an orange bob, yes an ORANGE bob. I asked for a change, something different and some blonde again. So she puts bleach in my hair, says the brown wasn't pulling out, so then she puts MORE bleach in my hair (mind you I had brown dye in my hair, not black). I'm like okay this is taking a long time. So she starts drying my hair and i'm like why does my hair look one dimensional and orange? So I start crying in the chair. At the fact that I just cut off hair that was to my bra straps to a bob where I could feel my neck and orange. I go to the counter and they charge me for COLOR CORRECTION WITHOUT NOTIFYING ME PRIOR. I made the appointment for a cut, color, and highlight. I left with   a shitty orange bob that cost me $400. Embarrassed because I just paid my rent the week before and expected to pay $250, I didn't have enough in my bank account to cover that and gratuity and the fact that I was furious about having to pay for color correction without notification. Stacy, one of the owners, agreed to writing down my card number and charging me the rest the next week. I was embarrassed, so I just agreed. She said they couldn't do anything about the color but I could come back in in a few days and they could lighten it more and fix it. I did that, and you know what I got? An unflattering shade of blondish orange bob. At work the next day people were like.. Oh you look like a different person. The honest ones said, \"Well don't worry Jenna, it's just hair. I've seen worse\". Yes they saw worse to a haircut that cost me FOUR HUNDRED DOLLARS. Mind you, it's been about a year and a half since that happened, never will I ever go back there\n\n**Side note to James: The discount I received was from a blue flier you sent me in the mail for being a previous customer. The discount had NOTHING to do with the botched job your stylist did on my hair. Also, I'm pretty sure with the tip it came out to be at least $300. The initial cost without the discount was close to $400. Because 25% of $300 = $75. Bringing the grand total to $375. All of which does not excuse the lack of disclosure on price points before services were changed without my acknowledgement. Thank you for your apology and it is good to know you changed your policy, but I will never come back based off your stylists lack of talent & your lack of communication with me as a customer. It is unfortunate that you lost Natalie, because I had a great experience with her and your salon previously.\n\n*** Side side note: James also modified his comment of the price change to lower it from $290 to $249. Dishonesty is not appreciated James, and it makes you look bad as a business owner to try to discredit someone who put up an honest review that turned out to be unfavorable to your business.