SIX STARS. SIX!\n\nSo, we had our wedding reception here. This is going to a long, rambling review, and targeted more for those who might consider this space for weddings or private events. We dealt primarily with Justine, MTK's event co-ordinator. She's leaving though, so I'm going to try to leave Justine out of this. As such, I think I'll skip all the preparation that went on (initial meeting, tasting, more meetings, lots of emails), and go straight to the big event.\n\nThe newly-minted wife and I arrived near the end of cocktail hour with the place fully-abuzz. Mildred's was chosen in no small part due to its ambiance and decor - truly, it's a lovely venue. Drinks were flowing, the monstrous cheese table was out and under assault, and the hors d'oeuvres were in strong circulation. We selected four from a larger offering: (1) cauliflower pakora; (2) sliders; (3) perogies; (4) steak frites. I think they were all solid choices, overall well-rounded, and gd delicious. The guests said they liked it, but what else are they going to say at my wedding?\n\nOn to the meal:\n\n(1) roasted corn & coconut soup\n(2) ricotta gnudi with nutmeg tossed in sage butter with shaved Sovrano  \n(3a) striploin steak with mashed potatoes, horseradish jus & kale\n(3b) pan-seared Atlantic salmon with crunchy potato pillows, pickled ramps & sauce gribiche\n(3c) roast curried cauliflower tossed with quinoa, caramelized onion, wilted spinach & green grapes\n(4) Mildred's famous profiteroles\n\nEach and every piece a knock-out. Sure I'm biased, but really during the tasting I was in heaven. I will say that even family known to be critical were singing Mildred's praises that night. \n\nWait staff was phenomenal, and I was blown away by the sheet amount of manpower they threw at this event. Our server Maya was killer, and made the evening that much better. She even kept the bride fed - no easy task. In addition, the event co-ordinator and restaurant manager were on all hand to ensure the evening went smoothly. Out of the three: (1) venue, (2) food, (3) service; it's hard to say what was better. A triumvirate success, I think. Almost all of the staff were there to the bitter end too, and some even made it out to the dance floor.\n\nI'll try to be somewhat objective though, despite it being my wedding. A couple cons: the steak frites hors d'oeuvre was not as advertised. At the sampling, it was a generous hunk of meat on a singular, thick frite. What was served was more like a poutine with a thin strip of meat adorned on top. Still good, but not as great. \n\nNext, the toilets. What the hell, the toilets. The setup here is a connecting hallway with four separate rooms branching off. The toilets work on an automated sensor to flush. Unfortunately, the sensor only goes off once you've completely exited the room, leaving some to worry that their business wasn't properly being taken care of. Further, it wouldn't flush if the seat was left up. Kinda confusing, kinda silly.\n\nBut really, that's it. Logistically, things were solid. The minimum spend for the resto was reasonable, booze was based on consumption and came in lower than estimated (despite our best attempts), and they were very accommodating with respect to our various wedding knick knacks, decorations, flowers, etc.\n\nA fantastic evening, and Mildred's made a lot of fans that evening. Good work.\n\nNote: the underground parking lot directly under MTK is mad expensive. Like bonkers. However, less than five minutes walk south is a Green P lot that on weekends and holidays is $3 all day. Can't fucking beat that!