WreckX'N Effect's Rump Shaker incorporated into a Yelp review?  Challenge accepted!\n\n4 of us decided to check out this hole-in-the-wall that popped up on my yelp page recently (check baby check baby one two three four) and I was definitely intrigued since I love me some Chinese hot pot and can eat it irregardless of the weather outside.  We started out with some freshly blended juices (grape and pineapple) although I've read the beijing yogurt drink is also very good.  Appetizers include beef and lamb skewers, which appear to come in generous servings to be shared.  The menu has about 10 base pots that come loaded with all sorts of goodness in terms of veggies and meats ranging from traditional (beef, shrimp) to the slightly adventurous (lamb, fish head) and the outright adventurous (pig intestines).  There was also a healthy option (\"cage-free chicken\" in a chinese medicinal herb broth) which seems to be one of their best-sellers and comes in limited orders based on the number of chickens available for that particular day.  There are options for several add-ons for 1-2 bucks more including several veggies and additional meats.  There are also seafood options including scallops, shrimp and stuffed fishballs (made of processed fish paste encasing some tasty fillings which were downright delicious, as opposed to stuffing actual fish balls, which sounds pretty ridiculous and would likely require the work of a microsurgeon)\n\nAlthough the base pot has plenty of goodies included, one may want to request that they not include certain components since pig intestines and cubed pork blood-cake are interspersed in certain hotpots and these are not nice surprises if you're not expecting them.  Spice level can be selected on scale from 1 to 5 and I thought 3 was plenty spicy by asian standards without overpowering the ingredients.  For further flavor outbursts, I appreciated the condiments bar where one can mix their own custom dipping sauce using soy sauce, homemade sesame paste, chinese barbeque sauce (sa-cha), homemade garlic paste, ginger, chili sauce, along with green onions and cilantro.  \n\nThe hotpots are then brought out as individual cauldrons where one can regulate the flames using burner handles at the bottom, which I thought was a fun yet potentially litigious touch (best to leave it to the waitstaff since mine refused to shut off after a few attempts and some minor flames shooting outward).  Since the broth and dipping sauce can border on the salty side, one can request a side of rice (in their case, it was a cool purple variety) or noodles to be thrown into the hotpot.  Overall, I appreciated the intensity of the flavors and the waitstaff is definitely very friendly and enthusiastic to explain their menu options.  Prices are reasonable and you definitely won't go home hungry, although you may need to hop in the shower after the sweat buildup from the spice and heat. Definitely zoom-a-zoom zoom zoom to this boom-boom spot, and you will be shaking your rump in hot-pot nirvana.