I went to Rolf's for at least 7 years, having found a stylist that really was wonderful.  Now that she's left the salon, I can review this place honestly without my opinion hurting her.  I used not only her, but other stylists (if she were filled up or not available)  and I've been happy with my services.  So, if that's all you're looking for, then go right ahead.  \nFrom the minute you walk in, this place is garish and tacky.  The chairs don't even have foot rests, they had to buy footrests and if you're short, you can't reach them.  The closed circuit TVs have endless loops of Rolf himself, and all the public events and accomplishments he's so proud of.  Rolf is a Euro-trash Zoolander megalomaniac that treats his employees terribly.  (not a very well-held secret)  The hours aren't very accommodating.  Only on Fridays and Saturdays are they open at 8 a.m., which means the other days, you can't even make plans for lunch if you get a morning appointment.  Every couple of years, I was congratulated for my stylist being promoted, which means by the time I quit going, my services for cut, color, and style was upwards of $300.  If it means my stylist got paid more, that's fine, but I tip 20-25% so I felt like I was making sure she was being compensated for her skills.  \nNow comes the really crappy business practices.  The day before an appointment, I was called and told my stylist was not going to be available and had \"to be out of the salon on short notice\" and I was rescheduled with another girl.  I didn't think much about it, maybe she or another family member was sick.  When I go and try and schedule my next appointment, 6 or 8 weeks out, they say my regular stylist wasn't on the schedule and when she returned to work all of her clients would be notified so they could move their upcoming appointments into her schedule.  So I got concerned.  When I did come back in, I asked the new stylist what had happened and she told me that my stylist was no longer working at the salon (and she whispered it to me, glancing around, making sure no one heard her).  The reception desk finally admitted that day that my stylist had left their employ and that, in case I hadn't noticed, I had received a discount for these two appointments for my \"inconvenience\".  \n\nWell, I consider myself a client of my stylist, not a customer of Rolf's so I have quit going.  I felt lied to and manipulated.  If loyalty to employees and customers is important to you, then avoid this place.  If you want to overpay for services and have your senses assaulted by bright lights and the  non-stop commercials, then this place is for you.