WARNING: if you're a bbq purist especially of the NC variety do not come here only to complain that is not what you receive.  The name says it all, it is improper unconventional bbq and totally awesome! The ambiance is modern casual, neat decor, and pleasant vibe.  As soon as you walk up you can smell that wood burning smoker which is the only way to legitimize yourself as a good BBQ spot in my eyes. They also had a really good draft selection with an emphasis on local brews which is always worth bonus points with me!  Pricing for the brews was avg to pricey depending on the brew, and the bar looked like a neat area to grab a brew and some apps after work.  To find your first unconventional aspect all you have to do is read the apps menu, you'll find edamame and bbq kale chips, first clue purists! But rest assured I ordered both and both exceeded my expectations.  Kale chips well seasoned and had a little kick of spice at the end, it was actually to spicy for my wife but she is kind of a baby in regards to heat.  For dinner I ordered the pulled pork which I typically will use as a basis for conclusion on a BBQ spot, but I did temper expectations as I said the improper aspect was expected to come into play.  Having said, it was awesome, traditional flavor of unsauced meats, moist succulent, light smoke flavor, good mix of bark.  I got the collards and Brussel sprouts as my side, both were very good but nothing to go out of the way to elaborate, if you like those things you'll like these.  I really liked the cornbread \"cookie\" that it came with, it wasn't huge but stop being a gluttonous douche, the portion size of food is fair enough.  My wife got the pulled chicken which was also very good and an act side of Mac and cheese and a very good sweet potato hash.  The choice of sauces is very good they have the normal western\/eastern NC sauces as well as SC mustard.  The best I thought carried heavy Asian influence with a spicy hoisin and a sweet chili sauce.  If you really like heat ask for a side of inferno, my server let me in on this secret!  It will not be found on the tables and be cautious it is a slow deep burn, non inedible but you don't need much!   I also really enjoyed the \"plating\" of the food served on metal trays and a side of pickled slaw I'm guessing, I really liked flavor contrast of the pickled slaw with the meat.  \nI will be back soon with more to report (I definitely have my eye on those improper nachos) but in the meantime do your tummy a flavor and get there now!