Your price is way too high you need to cut ittt...cut it cut it cut it.  Although pricey, Raku was worth the experience.  Just don't go all cray like I did by ordering foie gras and uni only dishes.  Next thing you know you're looking like a baby whale in a tight dress at Omnia.  Not cute for a Friyay fun date with bae in Baegas.\n\nI definitely recommend the seared foie gras with rice.  It sounded so basic but the rice actually balanced out the richness of the foie perfectly.  It was topped with just a simple sweet soy sauce and it worked.  That was definitely my favorite dish of the night.  The kobe beef skewer was forgettable.  I guess the selling point is the garlic on top but I'd pass on that one.  Same for the pork cheek.  We ordered a few skewers but none really stood out to me, they were nothing special.  I did however enjoy their fresh tofu.  I ordered both the agedashi version and the fresh plain version.  Both were good, although I wish they also offered some sort of sauce for the plain version.  The dry condiments that accompanied the rather large chunk of fresh tofu didn't do much for it, it just felt like something was missing.  The dish needed some type of soup or sauce to help wash down all that tofu.  \n\nThe poached egg with uni and fish roe was another dish that I enjoyed.  The warm egg yolk mixed in with the uni was like yaaas give it to me.   However, if you're going to order this dish or the agedashi tofu, then don't order their miso soup and vice versa because they contain the exact same mushrooms and condiments which made all three dishes taste the same.  I was disappointed by their lack of creativity there.  The buttered scallops, I mean scallop (just one) was good.  I liked the beautiful presentation on the shell.  It was just a taddd bit overcooked but flavor wise it was very tasty.  The grilled salmon belly was good, again they chose to serve this fish plain with no sauce, just some grated radish, but I would've preferred it with some ponzu.  \n\nTheir selection of sake is the most extensive that I've ever seen.  Definitely order a few different glasses to try.  And finally, I thought our server was a bit introverted and wasn't very engaging.  When he was going over the specials with us it just felt like he was trying to get through them as fast as possible.  I think service could be better given that people go off the strip to come here and are looking to enjoy both the atmosphere and food.