This place has been bookmarked for well over a year. I finally got to try them out recently, and on Taco Tuesday, no less!\n\nI love that they allow you to mix and match different tacos to create your own taco plate.  I ordered the following 3 tacos:\n\nTlaloc (grilled cactus, caramelized onion, garlic, jalapeños; I omitted the additional options for this taco -tomato, mushrooms, and queso fresco)\n\nGuisado Tenoch (Grilled Cactus, Potato, Guajillo & red salsa; I omitted the mushrooms and queso fresco)\n\nMexica Ahuacatl (Beer Battered Avocado, cabbage, salsa jicama; I omitted the pico de gallo and the salsa cilantro, the latter of which contains dairy)\n\nThe Guisado Tenoch & Mexica Ahuacatl were by far my favorites.  The Guisado is terrifically tantalizing to the tastebuds and needed no extra salsas.  The Ahuacatl was equally delicious once I added some Strawberry Salsa. (It's delicious alone, just a little dry w\/o the salsa.)  I wasn't a fan of the flavors in the Tlaloc, which were too tart and robust to my liking. Just a personal preference. \n\nI ordered my plate with rice and black beans, and I mixed them together.  The flavor of the beans was delightful; they were seasoned perfectly, and not too salty.  (It's my understanding that the refried beans contain dairy, so vegans should stick to the black beans.)\n\nAnother shining star here is the unlimited salsa bar, which features about a dozen different salsas.  The salsa ingredients are not listed, but after spotting a particularly milky looking one, I inquired and discovered that there are a few salsas which do contain dairy, including the pecan salsa and cilantro salsa.  I have since been informed that the following salsas are all vegan: salsa 7 chiles, árbol, cabo, chipotle, sesame, peanut, strawberry, pico de gallo, jicama, cruda, tomatillo, rábano, and the Mexicana. The guacamole is also confirmed as vegan.  The strawberry salsa became an unexpected favorite, winning me over with its refreshingly sweet and spicy flavors. \n\nThe service was great and I absolutely adore the wall art.  The only thing I do not like is that the bathroom is in the dining area and several people kept leaving the door open... The salsa bar is right outside that door. As an OCD germaphobe, I was terribly bothered by this.  Aside from that, I love this taqueria and cannot wait to return and try the rest of their vegan menu.