On a warm spring afternoon we had a craving for pasta. I looked around for a place in the area and this seemed to be the best of limited options near Old Town Scottsdale. We made a reservation and Ubered over arriving a few minutes early. \n\nThe host who sat us seemed a little overwhelmed with what seemed like a light crowd. Our waiter was cordial and efficient but not very friendly. It was as if he was on auto pilot. I'm not one to make to harsh a judgement on one visit but the start was certainly less than smooth and inviting. We ordered up some drinks which were promptly delivered. The Knob Creek Manhattan was well made but could have benefited from a better vermouth and a couple luxardo cherries over the standard issue maraschino. The Vodka martini was well made, certainly the easier of the two drinks, but the one that suffers most if made improperly. The busboy was very engaging and made great conversation. He was the one staff we encountered that was really a plus. \n\nWe ordered a couple plates of pasta, mostly out of Yelp folks talking about the misses in execution of the more elevated dishes. I had the soup and my dining partner had the salad. Both were well prepared, nothing I would seek out on their own. The Italian dressing on the salad was nice, and the salad did have a nice assortment of ingredients. \n\nThe plates of pasta followed in short order. The Fettuccine Primavera was nice, good sauce, standard vegetables, but ultimately nothing much above average. Not that there is anything wrong with that. The other plate was spaghetti with mushroom sauce and homemade sausage. This was another highlight of the evening. The sauce was really tasty, though a little too heavy on salt. The mushrooms were in generous quantity and added a nice depth of flavor. The sausage was also a winner. A real homey \/ comfort food sort of plate. The prices were fair for the area. Some of the \"elevated\" dishes came with the expected \"elevated\" price. All in all I would come back, if I had the craving for above average in quality, and simply prepared pasta dishes.