Admittedly, I don't think that Toronto offers the best selection for the discerning carnivore (a la Montreal), but compared to what else is on offer, this place is pretty darn awesome.  I've been to Morton's and Ruth's Chris several times (still saving up for Harbour 60), and 90% of the time am left disappointed: bad service, excessively noisy dining rooms, poorly dressed patrons (come on people, you're paying $120 for a steak, please put on a pair of slacks or nice jeans), and overcooked meat.  \n\nJacobs however was a breath of fresh air.  The atmosphere was great: a light\/airy dining room, very friendly (and knowledgable) wait staff, and an overall great vibe.  Many folks talk about how it's mostly the stuffy Bay St. crowd - but the crowd on Saturday was pretty diverse: professionals for sure, but also lots of well to do families, young couples, elderly couples, and a big bachelorette party - I didn't feel uncomfortable at all.  \n\nI started with a G&T (nothing special) and the table-side caesar salad, which was probably an 8 out of 10 - I don't think the lettuce was crisp enough and the waiter put too much dressing on, but I'm a sucker for retro style \/ DIY food.  We consulted the waiter for steak selections who obliged us with a lengthy and thorough walk-through - I think he could have conducted a 2 hour lecture if we didn't stop him. We ultimately went for a 40oz Limousin porterhouse, cooked rare plus.    We also ordered a side of rapini and the duck fat fries.  The sides were... meh....and I think I should have gone with the foie gras poutine instead, but at least they were what they purported to be.  The steak was tender, flavourful, melt-in-your-mouth, vegan-killing, why-do-we-bother-with-chicken, let's-buy-our-own farm awesome.  Cooked to perfection with just the right amount of seasoning.  We had a pretty run of the mill Cab Sauvignon to match, which served its purpose.\n\nSuffice it to say, if I'm in the mood for great steak, and not worried about shelling out some dough, this is my new go-to place.