It was really a small faction of Yelp elites that congregated to see if this place is good or just good enough. I myself had not picked this place, but the experience here was just a-okay.\n\nFor my own 50 states Pho challenge here in Phoenix, AZ, I met up with 3 other yelp elite members during my stay here in Phoenix for a later than expected lunch in Mesa. Expected to grab the rental car up in Glendale quite fast, but as it turned out, I got to the restaurant about 45 minutes later. We congregated here at the Pho Thuan Thanh Vietnamese restaurant and I was shocked that the prices here were very kind. The prices were pretty amazing and one of the possible causes of the high star yelp rating. A standard bowl of Pho was under $7 and that was a riot! In Honolulu, it tends to be $10 average, so this was certainly great. Although the prices were good, the service was kind of slow and inattentive. I'm sure my lunch companions would agree, especially when we had to wait for someone's fries rice dish to come out 15 minutes after everyone else's food came out.\n\nEventually, the fried rice dish came out and everyone was happy. 2 people, including me, ordered Pho, which were set in larger than life bowls. It was an extra large bowl with majority of it filled with broth. Maybe I should have ordered extra noodles, but I was content with the bowl and the serving size of noodles in the pho broth. The broth itself was delicious and definitely full of flavor. They give decent amounts of bean sprouts and basil, but there could have been more fun in that bowl, if i had ordered extra. Oh well. Pho Thuan Thanh Vietnamese is located in a strip mall on 502 S Dobson Street in Mesa, AZ. It was about 35 minutes from the airport. There is a private parking lot for all the businesses situated there, so that's a good thing. They accepted major credit cards except the American Express, so that's always a great thing too. As aforementioned before, inattentive service and slow service was observed here with me and my friends.\n\nAlthough the restaurant itself was a quaint slice of Pho heaven in Mesa, got to admit that it was clean and large enough to hold parties and other functions, if need be. Still, this place can be improved with its service. While the prices here are insanely good for Pho and Vietnamese cuisine in general, I gotta admit that they need to change how they service the customers. They don't give you your check table side, so you'd have to get up and proceed to the counter to pay. Sounds like some Vietnamese restaurants I've been to state side and while in Honolulu. I guess that's how some business models work sometimes.\n\nRegardless if this is just an isolated incident or they actually do this on a consistent basis, I'd probably would recommend this place, considering that the food is delicious and the prices are pretty awesome. This experience was good, but not great.\n\n3.5 stars, but bumped up to 4.0 stars due to the prices.\n\nSupport local!\n\nB