Holy Poop-A-Roni!\n\nMy first 5-star review. Long overdue, my friends....long overdue. And as far as I'm concerned, well warranted.\n\nThank goodness this place is within walking distance, because if I'm going to get my martini going, I won't be drivin' anytime soon. That leaves me stress free to enjoy my drink without guilt and hopefully stumble back to the right apartment (I once ended up at the wrong house).\n\nSidebar: a luscious, swanky, urban (hate that word but just used it 'cause it's true), quirky, sexy, 2nd floor bar reminiscent of Manhattan but with a much more chill atmosphere. Live DJ's, low lighting, retro styled furniture (just TRY not taking a mischievous tumble off the curved white chairs in the lounge....they're slippery! Or who would pass up playing with the height adjustment knobs on the barstools?? You can give yourself a countdown and pretend you're about to deep-sea dive or bungee jump or whatever. My point is that even at night, this place is built for day-dreaming. And that's what a bar should be. To ENJOY.)\n\nLocal art on the walls, weekly drink and happy hour specials, an uber-friendly staff, usually either an old monster movie or science fiction film on the TV's, and pretty groovy music. The decor is unique, and there's lots of room to stretch out. If you're a socialite, you can wedge yourself in between peeps at the bar....if you're in more of a private mood, you can sneak off to a chocolate brown couch nook in a corner of the lounge.\n\nAnd they have MINTS for you in the bathroom! MINTS! I mean, this place just screams \"bring a date here....and hopefully get some later\". This bar is on your side. It's like an audition...believe it or not...they really want YOU to be the one who gets the role.\n\nI will say that sometimes it gets a little crowded...and then people start house dancing. Now I have no problem with house dancing. I actually love watching it. But if you bounce so much that you shake the floor and put my delicious drink in danger of toppling, or if your 2 week old, unwashed neck bandana dips annoyingly close to my drink, then we have a problem. You need to go to DISTRICT down at the Sheraton, where they have a weekly house dance party.\n\nSidebar is NOT built for dancin'. \n\nTheir variety of booze is staggering. I highly recommend the 'CROP' series of vodkas. They make a wonderful cucumber that as a martini with a splash of pineapple is, well, sublime.\n\nThere's no other place like this in Phoenix. Trust me...I've looked. If you need a break from bars that can't find anything on TV except football or FOX news, if you have a nice outfit that you haven't had a chance to wear yet, if you have a date and want a \"talkie\" date, if you like Bladerunner, or Sin City, or cheesy monster movies, or wall panels that change color, or local art, or lots and lots of 70's wood inspired panelling, then you really oughtta' get to Sidebar.