I was in dire need of a vacation and so was my BFF, so we decided we needed a serious weekend getaway. And, what better place than a resort practically across the street from Fashion Square. Firesky Resort is almost literally in the heart of it all -- Scottsdale, that is. Minutes from Old Town, mere seconds from the best restaurants in town, and nanoseconds from comfort and relaxation. \n\nFiresky isn't too stuffy or too fancy or too oh, la, la chic -- it's just the right amount of luxury for a down-home city girl like me. The grounds are tranquil and relaxing  -- you don't even feel like you're in the city when you walk around the place, especially since there are little bunny rabbits running around everywhere. The staff is genuinely nice and very accommodating. And, one, in particular, likes to flirt, which totally made me blush but also put a much needed smile on my face. \n\nThe rooms are nicely appointed, with comfortable beds and linens, and the bathroom has two separate mirrored vanities that adds a nice touch when sharing a room with another gal. Additionally, each room has a very nice patio area with two relaxing patio chairs. \n\nFinally, their pools are the centerpiece of the resort. One is a lagoon style pool that you enter from a \"beach\" and the other is a larger pool with a nice water feature. They also have a jacuzzi off to the back.  The pool area definitely has a tropical island feel to it, with tons of mature palms trees dotting the perimeter of the area.  There are wooden bridges that cross over the pool; tons of little nooks with comfy chairs and plenty of lounge chairs around the pool area. They even have a couple fire pit areas that seem like they'd be awesome areas to hang out at when the temps start dropping. \n\nAnd, to top off everything, this price was just right!  Of course, I got a deal because it was summertime in Phoenix, and every resort is having a special.  But, I have a feeling that any time of year, Firesky offers reasonable rates compared to other resorts in the area.  I definitely will keep Firesky in my top places to stay in Scottsdale.  And, the next time I need a break from everyday life, I'll definitely head to Firesky.