I ended up coming to bayside buffet as a last-minute decision. We were walking through the Mandalay Bay and we saw they had a good deal on the breakfast buffet with bottomless champagne. We figured why the heck we could give it a try. \n\nWe walked in the house is very nice and set us quickly. The inside of the buffet was big not as big as some of the other Buffy is that I've been to but we were hungry so we definitely did the trick. We both got the bottomless champagne and I'm extremely sorry that I did because I ended up drinking at 9 AM and I ended up getting sick because I drink too much cheap champagne and I had to go to the room and lay down but that's my own fault. \n\nAbout the food so for breakfast they had all of the necessities that you would need eggs bacon sausage Hash. I found it interesting that even though we went for breakfast they still had lunch items out. You could still get chicken fingers cheeseburgers even had to stay carving station at 9 AM in the morning I was extremely impressed by that. You can get for lobster and crab legs at nine in the morning it was really interesting to see people actually getting crap legs at 9 o'clock in the morning. Their dessert station was fully open they had cheesecakes and pastries in all sorts of crazy desserts. \n\nAs for the taste of the food everything was fine I have no complaints the buffet was just your average run-of-the-mill buffet there was nothing special that set the Bayside buffet apart from some of the other buffet is that I've been to in Vegas. \n\nOverall the Bayside buffet was pretty good the bottom of champagne was a nice complement even know that I got sick but that is my own fault this buffet had everything that you would need to experience in a buffet although I would not say that it was the greatest or the most amazing buffet experience in Vegas that I have been to.  If you're looking for a cheaper alternative to a buffet experience I would def recommend coming here if not try one of the other buffets on the strip.