Forty years ago, when I was six years old, I stayed at Circus Circus with my family. Having just spent this past weekend there for a friend's Vegas wedding, I can promise you this: They haven't made one upgrade in the past 40 years.\n\nDingy, faded and sad is how I would describe this once festive relic. Everything -- from the ugly hotel signs to the faded lobby carpeting to the smoke-clogged casino -- looks and feels old. Not in a cool, vintage way, either. Just old.\n\nBut my real problem with this hotel was what happened when I checked in: First, they gave me a room in what they call \"Circus Manor,\" which is essentially a shitty little annex across the street from the actual hotel. At no time during my booking process was there any indication that I'd be in the Manor; I had paid for a regular room in the hotel. But OK, I figured, how bad could it be?\n\nPretty bad, it turns out. The first thing I noticed was that the hallway carpet outside my room was soaked. An electric blower had been set up to dry it, but to no avail. Once inside, I immediately relieved myself in the bathroom, only to discover that my toilet wouldn't flush. I called Guest Services, and after a good five minutes on hold, the hotel employee told me to expect an engineer in my room shortly.\n\nHe didn't show for over an hour. And when he finally did and began working on the toilet, releasing dirty water all over the bathroom floor, he informed me that it would take him a good while longer to fix it. I was already running late for the rehearsal dinner, so I called Guest Services again and insisted I be moved to another room. \n\nWell, the room they moved me to was right across the hall in the Manor, and I immediately discovered that the bathroom floor in that room was also soaking wet. The engineer, feeling bad for my predicament, called Guest Services himself to ask that I be upgraded to a room in the hotel tower, away from all this wet misery. They had him on hold for literally 20 minutes.\n\nI could not wait another minute, so without waiting for him to get through to them, I grabbed all my stuff, moved my car to the regular hotel parking lot, and waited (another ten minutes) at the supervisor's desk in the lobby. It was only then that I was finally moved to a clean, dry room on the 23rd floor of the tower, without any real apology or conciliatory gesture. (Like, how about offering me the buffet for free, people?) The rest of my stay was uneventful.\n\nLook: I realize Circus Circus is no luxury resort, and that there are far more upscale (and pricier) places to stay on the Vegas Strip. But this mega-hotel is owned and operated by MGM Resorts, a multi-billion-dollar corporation. Surely they can provide even the most basic upgrades and customer service to this depressing ghost of a hotel. And if they're not willing to make those improvements, they should put the place out of its misery.