Yay! I'm a fan! \n\nI've had this place bookmarked for ever so I was very glad when we came here for May supper club so I could finally check it out! Listen, I know coming into the city seems like a hassle for some, but it's worth it! I had no issue with traffic and scored a free parking spot on the street just a two minute walk from the restaurant. I got there around 5:30 which was just in time to enjoy their happy hour specials at the bar (HH is 4-6pm). Right off the bat we had excellent service! I think her name was Lilly or Libby? and she was on top of her game the entire time we were there. She knew about the menu, was friendly to chat with, and kept our orders right even though we moved from the bar to a table and split dishes. \n\nAs for decor, I'd say this place is sleek and modern with an alluring vibe to it. They have a bar, single tables, and a big table off to the side that is partly covered with a chain curtain for a private party\/more intimate feel. The high ceilings are draped with fabric and are light up. Just a cool place. Now, yes it's pricey, but you're downtown! Come on, it is what it is just enjoy the experience while you're there. And let's be real, the food is good. You're not going to regret anything. \n\nSpeaking of food:\n*Happy Hour Chickpea Jar $6 - Basically a hummus dip that you spread on warm bread. Very tasty and plenty enough to share. \n*Happy Hour Veggie Big Mac $6 - Great flavors, just a little on the mushy side for me. However that might be because we talked a lot and so it sat for a while. \n*Happy Hour Cocktails $8 - For HH you get a dollar off of the cocktails. I thought the strawberry smashers was refreshing and tasty. The blood orange cocktail was just okay.\n*S'mores Hand Pie $9 - OMG AMAZING! Seriously really good, the stuff your belly dreams about. \n\nI would love to come back and try the salmon entree and some of their other dishes. A bit disappointed that they no longer have the bacon jam to go with the bread board, but eh you can't miss what you don't know. I also like how they have plenty of vegetarian friendly dishes so both meat and plant eaters can come here and be satisfied. \n\nThe only weird thing is that they were not busy at all. Like I know it was a Wednesday evening, but just odd that there were only two groups dinning here. I am guessing people are just intimidated by the parking and prices, which is a shame because this place really is great. I know I would definitely come here again for a special occasion. If they pushed HH to 6:30 and added more food options I'd probably jump at meeting friends and lovers here after work.