I called Pittsburgh my temporary home three summers in a row. I went to the University of Pittsburgh for SLI: Summer Language Institute from '05-'07. The university, in an effort to accommodate out-of-state students as much as possible, provided \"free\" bus passes (these were factored into your cost of attending). With my full scholarship and pass, I had every intention of keeping this trip on the cheap by walking everywhere I could and using public trans for everything else.\n\nMy first experience with the Port Authority was taking the 28X Airport Flyer from the International Airport to the Oakland campus, which is roughly 20 miles away. The bus runs from 5:20am to 1:01am every day of the week. The opposite direction is just as convenient and starts at 4:25am with last pickup at 11:51pm. The trip takes about an hour and there are buses every 30 minutes or so. The drive is very scenic and gives you a good feel for all that Pitt has to offer.\n\nThroughout the week students of Serbian, Russian and Bulgarian came together and went on little excursions to pass the free time. The major super market in the area is Giant Eagle (\"Jynt Igel\", if you want to get local). There was one within walking distance of campus, but it was much more of an adventure to take the 61A, 61C or 61D to Squirrel Hill (\"Skvirel\", if you want to get Slavic with it) and shop there. We also preferred this since the main street is lined with Greek, Russian and Jewish stores and restaurants. There is also a good number of family owned arts and crafts shops, handmade goods stores and other small businesses.\n\nIf we were feeling like we really wanted a change of scenery, we'd ride the 61C or 61D farther down SW and cross the Allegheny to Homestead, PA. There is a large shopping center with all the luxuries of corporate America from AMC Loews Waterfront 22 and Target to Chick-Fil-A and Dave & Busters. The distance is only 6 miles, but it always took forever and a day. You're looking at 45 minutes in perfect traffic conditions.\n\nAnother shopping option was the Southside Riverfront. It was a mere 3 mile ride and could be accessed by hopping on the 75 or 54. We rode it many times to visit H&M for cheap clothing and REI to get travel essentials (many students end up going abroad through their respective language programs). This area was also the place to be on weekends and has a number of eateries and dive bars.\n\nOne little known fact about SLI is that you are not saved by the bell. When class is over you are still a student of the linguistic arts and expected to practice as much as possible. This includes lunches with your professors and peers, dinner dates with other students, and cultural excursions. The American Serbian Club was considered the mecca of the language students, regardless of which language they were studying. It is also located in South Side, so the 75 or 54 will get you within blocks of its doorstep. Both run pretty frequently, all day and all night.\n\nBut my absolutely best memory of the Port Authority has to be my first day back in Pittsburgh in 2006. I had decided to skip staying in the dorms and opted to go even cheaper by renting an apartment nearby. I had just arrived and was getting to know my roommates. We went for a walk around campus and ended up somewhere just NW of the school. It started to downpour and as we were scurrying for cover, a little shuttle bus driver pulled over and offered us a ride. We asked him where he was headed and in perfect Pittsburghese he replied, \"Wherever yinz is a goin'.\"