Let me start off by saying that Pita Jungle is my favorite casual restaurant in the Phoenix area.  I go to Pita Jungle SEVERAL times a month.  That said, this location is seriously lacking in SO many areas.\n\nI actually lived on the same block as this Pita Jungle for awhile.  I waited patiently for it to open, which seemed to take forever since I passed by it daily with its \"OPENING SOON\" sign mocking me.\n\nI have eaten at this location about fifteen times, conservatively.  So, this review is a compilation of the last several visits.\n\nFirst - don't order take out from this location.  Whereas the other locations in the Valley seem to replicate the dishes you see in the restaurant in your takeout container, this location skimps and gives you much less food.  I usually have to box up about half of my dish when dining in, but I can usually eat everything when I get it to go from this location.  Plus they tend to just throw everything into the box, making it look incredibly messy and unattractive.  \n\nSecond - the wait staff routinely disappears on you... especially during happy hour.  Whereas in other PJs the waitstaff makes it a point to check in on you to make sure you can get your last orders in for happy hour, this PJ seems to want to avoid you at all costs.  I understand they make less tip money on the items; However, the quicker people get their food, the more food they will likely order.  \n\nThird -  when you're sitting on the patio in the Summer, you get forgotten (even though the host seats you).  This has happened to me on MULTIPLE occasions.  I understand it is hot outside.  If I choose to sit outside on a day when it is above 100 degrees, I should not be punished by having to sit outside longer than necessary.  When it is hot, I need more water, more frequently.  If you cannot make it outside, can you leave extra water?  Can I expect a waiter to actually come take my order within twenty minutes of me being seated?  If not, you need to close your patio in the Summer.\n\nFourth - they do not have a firm grasp on how to prepare the kids' menu items.  Not only are the portions MUCH smaller here than at ALL the other Valley PJs, but they are not the same.  Sometimes the chicken is the broiled chicken.  Sometimes it is some kind of chicken with a red hue.  Sometimes the mac and cheese is so runny it sloshes on the plate.  Sometimes it is a globby mess.  When DD orders broccoli at the other PJs, she gets a portion the size of an average man's fist.  At this PJ, she always get about three small twigs of broccoli.  \n\nFifth - I know it is downtown, but your waiters should not have attitude.  There are plenty of more chic, more hip, more cool, more \"it\" restaurants all around town for those kind of servers to work at.  \n\nMost Recent Visit - We recently had a server who was really sweet and cute from North Dakota.  Of course, he forgot to take our order (he didn't see us out on the patio, but saw every other table) and then got my order wrong when he did take it.  We were also served 15-20 minutes after every other table on the patio (who were ALL seated after us).  We were dining with a 4 year old who was starving, sweating and at her limit by the time her food finally arrived (some forty minutes after ordering it... and it came after all the other entrees were served).  \n\nOverall, I do not recommend this location of Pita Jungle.  It is such a shame, too.  It is in a prime location and I have a lot of friends and business in the area.