My dad gave me a groupon for this place, he was too jetlagged to go and I was more than happy to sign up for the free dinner. I made reservations, however I was told that their reservations were backed up until 9:00 pm. I confirm that time, and show up at 8:50. It's a madhouse, with people packing the tiny corridor leading from the bar to the restaurant. The greeter was screaming at the top of her lungs for people, managing to sound pretty pissed off in the process. \n\nWe were seated at 9:55, and this was after a handful of people in front of us left because of the wait. We sat around for a few minutes before someone slapped this cup of butter on the table. Me and my date sat transfixed. Was the butter ornamental? Would it go good with a dash of pepper? We stared at this shot glass full of butter for a full fifteen minutes before someone gave us bread. We were seated with two other tables simultaneously, and while we waited for our appetizer, the first table was on their entrees. The second table was polishing off their appetizer while we munched on prison bread. The butter didn't help much.\n\nI got the filet, medium rare. Completely raw in the middle, mostly raw for the rest of it. Baked potato was microwaved. A baked potato will be crispy on the outside. This is a direct result of the baking. A microwaved potato will be one big rubbery mess that slides around your plate. \n\nWe chose the peach melba for dessert. It was melted soft serve ice cream topped with cool whip and canned peaches. There were a few raspberries, but after the first one's extreme sourness I decided to leave the rest to drown in vanilla soup. The blueberries were completely devoid of any flavor, good or bad. If you've ever eaten paper, you'll know what I'm talking about.\n\nAt the end, we were presented our check boasting that we would have had to pay $89.99 for this travesty. It was to show how much we should tip. The waitress was absent for most of the night, the service took forever, the reservations were an hour delayed, and the food was awful. The tip wasn't much.\n\nA few other notes. The interior is weird. I can figure why-- this is a dive tavern that someone picked up on the cheap for the nice location. They threw in a few large windows facing the city and left the rest to rot. I was able to carbon date the carpet back to the paleolithic age, when orange and green was in style. Every flat surface is full of drywall stalactites, which adds a nice sex-dungeon flair to the place. A fake fireplace crackles and flickers orange. The bathroom is worse than most I've seen barhopping on East Carson St., and if you've ever been to East Carson Street you know what I'm talking about.