Brace yourselves. I can't shorten this. I really can't. It's for the good of the people and their precious ivories. I'll never come back here and NEVER recommend it. The next time I go to the dentist, I'm not concerned with insurance coverage; I'm going back to my old dentist and paying out of pocket unnecessarily to avoid another experience like this. \n\nI'm no stranger to the dentist. Not because I have horrible hygiene, but because I'm pretty passionate about taking care of my teeth. I used to go for my check up every 6 months and was the kid that looked forward to teeth cleanings just to get confirmation that I was awesome at brushing and flossing. And I have been awesome! \n\nSo this dental center may have slightly altered my dentist excitement. I came last Saturday and waited 1 WHOLE HOUR before I even saw the hygienist. If that wasn't frustrating enough, when I finally got to go to the \"back\", I was first frustrated, then a little bothered, then mortified. The hygienist was nice at first, but her radio was loud enough to have to make her shout at me. Then she just kept repeating \"how are you\" at least 4 times before I even sat down. When I assured her that I was having a good day and just wanted to leave and enjoy the beautiful weather, I think she was satisfied. But I also think she just wasn't listening the other 3 times I answered. She then told me to raise my hand if I felt any discomfort. If I'm being honest, I should have had my hand raised the entire 20 minutes she attempted to SCRAPE THE ENAMEL OFF OF MY TEETH. While S.A. seemed to have gotten lucky and had a 5 minute scraping, I got the longest 20 minutes of my life. I now understand people that have dentist fears. \n\nI'm not sure if they're just used to a lot of plaque or something here, but I truly think this woman did about 15 minutes of unnecessary uncomfortable and horrid sounding scraping. SCRAPING SCRAPING SCRAPING. I then swished the blood around my mouth and rinsed (at the beginning of the cleaning, repetitive hygienist woman kept asking and confirming that I don't bleed when I floss--I really don't--then she proceeded to prove that it's possible) and moved on to another room, then another room, then back to the second. When I finally saw the doctor (after everyone scuffling around and wondering why I didn't yet have x-rays done), he mentioned that I had \"inflammation around my bottom retainer\". Can anyone guess why this inflammation existed?! Bueller? Anyone? That's right! The hygienist inflamed my gums. Everything was sensitive and swollen for a day or so after this because she just went to town. He also didn't really give me any information about the current state of my mouth. It seemed as though he figured out everything was ok, but forgot that the reason I was there was to learn the same.\n\nI'm telling you, don't do it. While everyone tried to be nice here, it was really an inconvenient and horrible experience. The hygienist I had shouldn't be allowed to touch anyone's teeth and the doctor seemed less concerned with giving a good report than he was about discussing personal experiences. \n\nI spent 2 hours of my beautiful Saturday afternoon realizing that I've made a huge mistake. Please, don't make the mistake that I made!!