At the time of this review Starlite BBQ just opened a few days ago in downtown Scottsdale. This is a casual BBQ Restaurant from the Good Folks from Ocotillo (a really nice restaurant with a really nice menu). Like the sister restaurant Starlite BBQ also offers a BBQ Menu like no other. They offer many interesting appetizers like at this time like Grilled Squash with Mole, Fried Mac-N-Cheese, Grilled Cauliflower with Green Goddess and Crispy Black Eyed Peas and MORE! They also offer a variety of Sandwiches like Smoked Turkey, A Burger, Smoked Grilled Meatloaf, Fried Chicken (reg or hot) Brisket and Fried Green Tomato. Of course they also offer BBQ Plates, a Crispy Fish for Two and some of these plates are offered in two sizes. Sides as well come in two sizes. \n\nAtmosphere wise Starlite BBQ is a smaller restaurant. Seating is at the Three Community Tables on the Ocotillo lined patio that seats up to twelve each or at the bar or the High Tops off the side of the bar.\n\nFor me it was difficult to decide on my order because there were so many things I wanted to try. So we shared the Smaller Sized Brisket (I was told about 8 oz...it might have been bigger?), The 1\/2 Hot Chicken and three full sized sides.\n\nThe Brisket WAS OUT OF THIS WORLD DELICIOUS! It was succulent with the perfect amount of fat. It had a thoughtful amount of smoke and was sauced just right. It was simply delicious and they gave us pickled onions that magically lightened up the Brisket and took it to another level. They also gave us this Whole Grain Mustard....I didn't use the mustard on the Brisket but I tasted it and now I'm sorry I didn't scrape it out of the container to bring home.\n\nWe also shared the HOT Fried Chicken (with tasty pickles). Yes it was hot(spicy)  with a nice hot CRUST. They gave a Big Breast and the Leg Quarter. It really was mighty delicious but due to an opening hiccup it wasn't served the proper temperature and was almost cold. Our server didn't check on us till we were finished with the (still delicious) chicken but we did inform her and spoke to management who thank us for informing them.\n\nAll three sides we tried were VERY GOOD. We tried the (either vegetarian or vegan) BBQ Beans that were nicely seasoned, a little spicy and also a bit sweet. The (vegetarian or vegan) Braised Greens with Tomatoes, The greens had some punch and the tomatoes were flavorful and sweet. The Macaroni and Cheese, like the middle of a American Grilled Cheese Sandwich, made with sturdy noodles and served with a crispy crust.\n\nIt's so great to go to a BBQ Place and enjoy things other than meat!\n\nAll the people working there were all friendly and welcoming to us.\n\nVery Very Good!\n\n4.5 Stars! Already