I just don't get it? I eat at 4* steakhouses all the time and this one missed every where. The ingredients were good but not cooked properly. Not even close. How do you deliver a 4 oz Filet raw? It would be over cooked on my grill in 8 minutes! I pointed out the problems immediately but they just didn't listen. The manager stopped by and I indicated it was a C- at best halfway through the meal. She didn't seem to care and vanished for about 30 minutes. When she came back Everything she said made my son celebrating his birthday and I feel worse. I have never run into such abrasive management. I understand things go wrong and that's OK. Step up, show you care and make it better. At least try?\n\nWhen the manager returned she saw we had eaten less than half the meal and passed on desert.??? We were celebrating a birthday? Who doesn't have desert? Then she asked how things were and I said not good. That we came expecting a great meal and it wasn't right. She asked why I didn't say something sooner? I was floored! When someone says you are delivering C- quality to your face early into the meal how could she be so attentive after that or be surprised by our disappointment? Then the check arrived and it was clear she could care less. We were just a couple of out of town diners she couldn't wait to get rid of.  I let her know in no uncertain times that Capital Grille is supposed to be all about The Experience. that by their own claims they desire \"that everything, and we mean everything, that arrives at your table at The Capital Grille delights you.\" As much as the food was average at best the least delightful thing that arrived at my table was the manager. Everything she said made it worse and I don't know how she ended up in that job? She ended up comping the meal and I still felt like I overpaid. I would have happily paid $200 for the food cooked properly and the level of service I routinely experience at Ruth Chris, Donovan's, LG's, Fleming's, The Palm etc.\n\nEarlier in the day I spent over $500 for a 2 hour desert ATV tour with my son. It felt like a bargain in comparison. We left after dinner feeling lousy and i didnt want my son ending his night that way. We went to a Coldstone across the street. My son asked why I was taking him there as he didn't want ice creme. I said that I wanted him to see someone deliver a quality product with cheerful service. We each had a spoonful and threw out the rest. I left a $20 tip for ice creme we didn't even want or eat. But on the way home he understood the difference.