I heart Ziliotto. \n\nI'm no fashion maven but Ziliotto's designs have me as smitten as a kitten. Admittedly while my casual wardrobe consists of little more than a t-shirt and sweatpants, there's a little part of me that emerges every now and then yearning to express my individuality. Yes, beneath that crunchy granola west coast get-up, lies a budding stylista who formerly loved to hover over department store make-up counters, breezily flipped through the pages of Elle before she realized she was really a shifty tomboy at heart.\n\nBut that doesn't mean that one can dabble in some fashion every now and then right? Jennifer Ziliotto, the designer had lived and worked for Chanel in Paris previously and her experience there clearly shows in her thoughtful and elegant designs. Her pieces are designed with today's multitasking woman in mind with a pinch of joie de vivre thrown in. \n\nWalk into her store and it's hard not to be won over by her playful, chic and easy to wear pieces. There's soft bamboo pencil skirts that will take you from the office to a casual night out pronto. Super cute and comfortable a-line skirts with side pockets that flare out. Dresses are composed of flattering silhouettes in beautiful colours and ruching in the mid section to hid those fluffy, not so flattering bits. Quirky and unique accessories such as belts and scarves from local designers round out the selection.\n\nObviously, with any local boutique store you're not going to be paying Forever 21 or H&M prices. There's a time and a place for that. But if you're looking for stylish, versatile pieces that hold up well over time, then Zilioto is worth a look. I feel that the clothes are made of good quality fabric and excellent craftsmanship. They really are the blue chip pieces in my wardrobe that I can wear over and over again. Plus these clothes are designed and made locally in Canada!\n\nI haven't even got to the best part yet. The customer service here is outstanding with a capital O. Jennifer, whom I've been lucky to meet on one occasion is every bit as warm and gracious as her designs. Kim, the usual shopgirl, is extremely helpful with style tips, does not shy away from offering her opinion and is never pretentious nor pushy. Ever walk into a shop and feel intimidated or ignored? Well that doesn't happen here on her watch! You won't leave without getting a word in from her! Seriously, what shopgirl offers you a cup of tea and a chat when all you wanted to do was just \"browse\"?\n\nIf I sound like a fan girl, it's because I am. Bisous, Ziliotto.