I don't get the 4 star rating! I'm a huge lover of thai food and this place misses the mark. But let's start with the rude service first. I don't know how the owner was nice to everyone else but she was super nasty to me. I ordered my food and told her it was for here, and even ordered a drink. My daughter and I shared the pad thai. We sat down and she gives it to me in a to go bag, so either she didn't hear me or what I think is the real reason...she wanted me out of there. I noticed that the two guys eating in there had like plastic bento boxes. When I got up to get a napkin I notice that they actually have real dishes that they put away for people, and here I got my food in the good old styrofoam box. I searched for a fork, she only gave me one--so I ask for another she gives me the nastiest look! My daughter even said, wow. She makes me lean all the way across to counter to get it because god forbid she walk over to me in reaching distance. I'm seriously leaning over the counter with my arm stretched out as far as it can go and my fingertips barely touch the fork. Does that make her move closer? Hell no. I finally get the fork and we eat. She stared at us the entire time like I killed her pet or something. Very uncomfortable. I said thank you and nothing. She's a royal you know what. On to the food, the most flavorless pad Thai ive ever had. There are so many other thai restaurants close enough that you would never ever need to step foot in this one. It's tasteless. The only reason you may like it is if you don't frequently eat Thai, so you don't have anything to compare it with. I wouldn't eat in there anyway, it's small quarters. I swear I saw a cockaroach. My advice pass this place up and go somewhere else. \n\n\nThe fact that I gave this honest review of my personal experience and the restaurant owners and friends of the owner sent me nasty messages through Yelp is deplorable, attacking me as a person for simply not enjoying their food or customer service, nasty people. These are the types that would spit in your food