Let me preface this review by saying two things: 1. if there was an option for negative stars, I'd give it and 2. I just ate there about 20 minutes ago and am still feeling pissed off. My husband and I were in the mood for a good breakfast this morning, so we got to thinking...Matt's? Matt's is always awesome, but we didn't feel like waiting out in the rain for over an hour. The Original Pancake House? It's a close second so we opted for that and headed out. Once we got there, we realized 350 other people had the same idea as us and the wait would be about an hour. Not feeling like waiting, we hopped back in the car and jumped on our phones to check out what Yelp thought would be good nearby. Linda's was one of the places that popped up along our drive and we had both passed it a few times, always talking about wanting to try it. We looked at the reviews and there were lots of good ones raving about the food (Really? Guy who said it was Matt's with pie? Really? I don't know where the hell you get off, but I'm holding you partially responsible for totally jacking up my Sunday breakfast). We got inside and the place is a real shithole. I don't mind, because I typically love eating at shady looking places and drinking in dive bars. It's like a real \"slice of life\" type of thing and I find the experience usually excels where the decor is lacking. Everything was blue and mauve...I haven't seen this much mauve since the late 80's. And again, that would usually be fine, except in this case, it doesn't look like anyone has cleaned the place since then either. Everywhere I looked, things were grimy and just not...clean. We sat at the counter (first mistake) and both ordered the JJ's Special (second mistake). Sitting at the counter was like having a backstage pass to a Michael Bolton show...or some other really shitty person you would never want to see backstage. We could see the entire operation and hear the cook bitching the whole time. That's right, I said cook. Singular. One person working in the kitchen. She came out a few times to yell at our server, called Linda (I sincerely hope it was not the owner Linda). She looked like the grandma from Napolean Dynamite. For those of you that get the reference, enough said. We could hear the dinging of microwave ovens and the grumbling of Napolean Dynamite's grandma in the weeds with tickets that she couldn't read due to Linda's supposedly shitty handwriting. We waited over a half hour for our food. Granted, we didn't have to wait to sit but seriously, a half hour for eggs, bacon and pancakes. When the food came out I was already over it. I took one look at the plate and knew this was not going to be good. My \"over-easy\" egg had totally runny whites and looked more like a sunny-side-up gone wrong. My bacon looked like it came from Fry's and the pancakes were the only edible thing on my plate. I don't know if they were edible because everything else was so totally shitty or if it was because I am 9 months pregnant and would have eaten shit cakes at that point. Nevertheless, the ambiance combined with the service and the food made for the absolute worst $28 I've ever spent on breakfast. $28 dollars!! For me and my husband to have pancakes, eggs, bacon and coffee. That did NOT include toast or potatoes and half the plate was inedible. It makes my blood boil just thinking of it and as I sit here writing, I am still starving. We should have just gone to the brass rail. Better service, better food quality (I am not joking) and it would have been $5.50 a person for the same meal. You fooled me once Linda. Shame on me. You won't be fooling me again!