It's a personal point of pride (and a responsibility) to write the FIRST review for Bill's Pit Restaurant. I was amazed to discover that what I thought was a new restaurant to the Thornhill area, was in fact a new location for a Restaurant that has been servicing the community for 45 years!\n\nI'm thrilled that BP was a part of the Savour York Region restaurant week promotion, because without it I might have continued to drive past its Hwy 7 and Langstaff location, as I had done in the past. This promotion helped me to discover a virtually un-reviewed local gem and be able to present it here for you all to read about!\n\nUpon entering Bill's Pit you're immediately taken in by the elegant decor, the trendy upbeat background music and, (in my opinion) their eye-catching bar which I feel is a major focal point for the entire restaurant.\n\nI was seated at a quiet corner booth by restaurant owner Frank (who would soon double as my server) and we chatted a bit about his restaurant, chef and how things were going. He presented the regular menu and the Savour York Region Menu. After looking over both I decided to support the SYR promo and went with the $35 prix fixe, but looking at both, I'd say if you're looking for excellent Italian\/BBQ fusion, this is the place to be!\n\nMy appetizer course was the: AHI TUNA CARPACCIO ROLLS (3-4 rolls stuffed with arugula salad and pesto dressing). This was amazing! I'd never had Ahi Tuna Capaccio before and the combination of fresh tuna, pesto and the nutty tones in the arugula were a literal symphony of flavour in my mouth. What a great start!!\n\nNext to follow I ordered the TILAPIA as my main course choice. Served with extra veggies in lieu of my starch of choice the Tilapia came stuffed with crab, scallops and shrimp and topped in a creamy white wine sauce. It had a perfect grill on it and was a full-sized portion, which I felt was incredible value!\n\nFollowing my main I was given the choice of dessert and my guest and I decided that we would each order one and share. The Creme Brulee option was perfectly done and given that I'm not a fan of this dessert normally, I was surprised at how mildly sweet the creamy insides were. That being said the creme brulee was no match for the freshly baked HOT apple pie a la mode that was placed in front of me! a massive diet interrupting portion which could have doubled as a main course on it's own. Amazing!\n\nOverall my experience at Bill's Pit was fantastic and now that they have their first review, I strongly encourage you to give them a visit and spread some love on them  as well. I mean after 45 years you'd think a few more people would be talking about it right!\n\nFellas, a perfect date spot that's totally under the radar. Impress your lady (new or old) with a surprise visit here.\n\nEatcrest Out!