Well where do I begin? First of all I'd like to state clearly that I am not writing this review because I am some sort snobby, uptight person but simply because the treatment and service by the staff at Globe Salon is completely unacceptable and extremely unprofessional. When it comes to my hair I don't have a budget. I want my hair as close to perfect as possible and I'm willing to pay for it.\n\nTHIS WAS THE WORST HAIRCUT I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!!! IF I could give this place zero stars I would...\n\nBeing new to Las Vegas I hadn't a clue of where to begin my search for a new salon and my last salon in my hometown of San Diego was going to be a VERY tough act to follow. So I found this place online at PHYTO.COM as a featured salon and was stoked at all of the wonderful reviews!! I was so excited when I made my appointment because I was in dire need of a haircut after spending six months abroad.  \n\nWhen making my appointment I explained to the receptionist exactly what state my hair was in, what products I wanted used on my hair (PHYTO and absolutely nothing else), and I also explained to her that I did not want anything done to my existing layers, I simply needed a trim because I had not had a haircut in a long time. She mentioned to me that there is a fee for every 15 minutes extra after the time allotted to cut my hair. Which is when I specifically told her \"I DO NOT NEED MY HAIR STYLED!!!! I ONLY NEED A TRIM. PLEASE DON'T CHARGE ME EXTRA FOR A SERVICE I WILL NOT NEED!\" She said that would be fine.\n\nWhen i went in for my appointment I was presented to Megan who would be my stylist. I proceeded to explain to her that I only wanted her to use PHYTO products on my hair and every single thing that I had just explained to the receptionist and she said that there would be no problem, but the problems where only beginning.\n\nWhen washing my hair she did actually use a PHYTO shampoo but it was a dry scalp treatment, I do not have a dry scalp.\n\nWe moved on to the chair and from that moment she did not stop talking for a single second!! She brought out some ORIBE products and I told her that I did not want her to use those products and her answer to me was \"IT'S GOOD TO USE DIFFERENT THINGS SOMETIMES\", and she continued talking, talking, talking. Not even ceasing to acknowledge that I wasn't very pleased with her suggestion. \n\nAfter she finished butchering my hair and before I was handed the mirror to behold the mess that she had made, she proceeded to apply about 4 different ORIBE products on my hair and began styling it. I DID NOT WANT A STYLE, I DID NOT WANT ORIBE!!! The time it took for her to cut my hair was not more that 30 min, the time it took her to apply product, curl and blow dry my hair was close to 40-45 minutes. And the whole time she never stopped talking!!! I also had asked her if she could show me how to quickly style my hair in the mornings because I have a very hectic schedule, but my request once again fell on deaf ears.\n\nWhen I was finally shown what she had done, I almost wanted to scream because I was so upset, but at no moment did I reflect my dissatisfaction, I did not want to be rude....\n\nMy hair had been cut straight across!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Completely ruining the structure of my existing layers which I told her not to touch.\n\nThen the worst part was when I was walked over to the receptionist where Megan whispered to the young lady to charge me for an extra 15 minutes of service that I told them I did not want!!! my total was $90 after tip.Wrong haircut, wrong products, overcharged, no styling tips, and a headache. Was this a joke??? This place is in the worst part of town and the salon is next to mediocre in decor. I could not believe my ears.\n\nAfter a week of contemplating I decided to give the salon a call and speak to someone remotely in charge and see if I could gain some sense of understanding from someone. I soon realized I should have let bygones be bygones. I was greeted by the salon director and I told her everything that had happened and how dissatisfied I was. The only thing I ever received from her end were praises for Megan and how she's a senior stylist. She also told me that their stylists are trained to sell these ORIBE products, regardless. At one point in the conversation this lady even had the audacity to tell me \"If you could just let me talk I can explain to you...\" What way is that to treat a new client that has a valid complaint about service? I NEVER complain because I think that the solution is just never to return right? So when I actually made this phone call it was very thought out and for being as upset as I was, I tried very hard to be respectful and to receive this treatment??? I was and am still appalled, 5 months later. So much so that I have even contacted PHYTO in New York City to complain about how their product is being misrepresented at this salon and how it should not be featured on their website. They lost a good client.