Worst apartment experience I've ever had.\n\nWe lived here from June 2014 - 2015. Why am I writing my review now? We'll get to that.\n\nWhen we moved in I noticed they had attempted to fix the ceiling above the bathroom sink with a piece of drywall that was not flush, not textured and not painted. ONLY 2 DAYS after we moved in water started leaking out of the ceiling. And not a little bit of water like drops, but a lot of water like a running faucet.\n\nAfter 2 maintenance visits they were finally able to \"fix\" the problem by wrapping the pipe with pipe insulation. The kind that's supposed to be used to keep pipes from freezing.\nThen they left a hole in our ceiling for a month. A whole month. A whole, hole month. Now the guy that finally came to fix it did a much better job than his predecessor as he made sure the new piece of drywall was flush and textured and painted.\n\nThen the shower breaks. The diverter (thing you pull to switch it from tub to shower) won't work so we can only take baths. Maintenance comes out and replaces the spigot. We can shower again!\n\nThen the shower really broke. No water. No water at all. The maintenance man who came to fix the shower broke something else so bad they had to call a plumber. So they get the plumber out there who has to tear the wall apart to fix what the maintenance guy broke. Also the plumber has to shut off the water to the ENTIRE building. Not really a problem for me since I couldn't shower anyway, but it might have been an inconvenience to some of the other residents.\n\nThe plumber fixes the shower but now we have a GIANT hole in the wall with a thin piece of plastic over it that we're not supposed to get wet. We have to wait weeks for them to bring out a tile guy to re-tile that part of the shower.\n\nIn addition to all this going on, the A\/C is constantly broken. It runs off a main chiller you see, so they have to shut the chiller down to fix it which means the entire building has no A\/C. This seems to be a monthly occurrence.\n\nThere is SO much more, but I'm out of space for the review.\n\nSo we're getting close to making our escape from this place as our lease is almost up. I file the necessary paperwork with the front office letting them know that we will not be renewing our lease and that we request to be present during the move out inspection, as is our right.\nNow keep in mind, it's up to management to schedule the move out inspection. Despite this fact, I call several times in the 2 weeks leading up to our move out date and never receive a call back. We go to drop off the key and ask for a note stating that the move out inspection was not completed even though I requested it in writing and verbally.\n\nWell, low and behold, now they can do the inspection! On the day I have to be out of there with absolutely no time to address any issues that might come up. The manager, a maintenance guy and I go over and have a look around. The 2 employees comment on how clean it is and how nothing needs to be done except a routine carpet cleaning, like you would do to any apartment before a new tenet moves in. That's it. No repairs, no painting, nothing else. I always take care of my rentals and have reference letters from previous landlords to prove it.\n\nA few weeks later I get a letter from Solara. They've done an additional inspection. After I've moved out. Without me present. Without notifying me. After my lease was up. They say the carpet was dirty and needed several hundred dollars worth of cleaning. Several hundred dollars? You could replace the carpet for that much money. I could have rented a carpet cleaner for $40 or had somebody come in for well under $100.\n\nNow, maybe the carpet cleaner is taking Solara for a ride and charging them for work that didn't need to be done. Maybe Solara is taking me for a ride and the carpet was never cleaned, or never cleaned to that extent. I don't know. But now there's no way to prove what condition the carpet was in, as it's been cleaned.\n\nAdditionally, they claim we owe 3 months of utilities. We only owe the last month of utilizes. We were on the flat rate, so utilities were billed as part of our rent. We paid one, single bill. I have the statements showing that it was taken out and we only owe for the last month. (The last month's utilities weren't taken out because it's a short, prorated month.)\n\nSolara and I go back and forth about this via mail, which I sent certified so I know they received them. Finally I tell them if they don't drop this I'll take them to small claims court. They drop it... or so I thought.\n\nA few days ago I received a call from a collections agency; Solara sold my \"debt\" to them. Now I have to go through the hassle of filing a small claims suit and getting that erroneous debt removed from my credit report.\n\nSo if all that sounds like something you would enjoy, then I recommend living there. If it sounds like something you'd prefer to avoid, I recommend looking elsewhere.