This restaurant has really, really good food! I'm a vegan who lives about 5 minutes away and would love to frequent this place for their awesome cuisine, BUT I have been there 5 times now and every. single. time. the staff has been unfriendly and downright rude!! They have never once greeted me upon walking in, even though there's always a girl behind the bar deadpan staring at me. \"Are you who I order from?\" I asked the first time, and she sort of huffed back \"uh, yeah..\". \n\nI resorted to sending my boyfriend in for takeout after about 3 horrible service experiences and every time he's gone in, he comes out in a bad mood from how unkindly he was treated from the staff. He went in the other day just for pastries for my birthday, and after being ignored by Ms. Edgy Barkeep as usual, stood by the pastry case for almost 20 minutes as the guy working it chatted up his friends. \n\nThe kids that work here ALL have a holier-than-thou chip on their cold shoulders and are hands-down the worst staff of any place I know. They are there because they look the part and not because they have any competency in service whatsoever. I too am in my early twenties and would never dream of treating customers the way they consistently treat me and everyone I've mistakenly recommended the Coronado to. Yes, the food is good, but I won't send in any more friends to be treated like intruders in an exclusive club for employees and their friends. And I will absolutely never give this place my business again.\n\nI've never met the owner\/chef but from his food and their Instagram page he seems like a really nice guy. I just sort of get the sense that he has made it a little too comfortable for the front-of-house employees who have been standing around loudly talking to their friends with profane and unprofessional language and doing nothing productive to service each and every time I've been in. It's a cool place to work, I'm sure, but it's still a job and should be treated that way.\n\nI really want to love this place, and would eat their food all the time, but to be met with such hostility isn't even worth spending 2 minutes inside to pick up takeout.