I really dont like trying out new sushi places especially if the group going is in the double digit numbers. For one too many people make a lot of issues with the wait staff as well as the kitchen. Sushi is a made to order type of dining experience and is best with just a handful of people. So far off the top of my head there's one place *cough*GOYEMON*cough that can handle an entire private room full of diners and not miss a single order as well as another *cough*KOMA*cough* where the waitress will go out of her way to remind and boss the sushi chefs to push the orders and correct mistakes. \n\nSo this was Chad's UYE and he threw up a whole bunch of recommendations on what we should all try out with the AYCE menu. Sure this sounds great and all but....\n\nProblem is i didnt receive over half of the initial order i put in the beginning, eventually one out of many came but it was so late in the game i didnt really care about it any more. As for the others such as the oysters and the baby octopus...i guess they've gone through the doorway into Narnia out to take the one ring to Mt Doom before the Death Star blows up the planet because they sure as hell weren't anywhere in front of me or anywhere near me...\n\nService was...typical of any Asian restaurant. For being known as a hard working people, servers are fucking lazy...When we tell you in the beginning we want SEPARATE CHECKS it doesn't mean put everything one bill and let us play the 'oh well on the back of the receipt we put our names and how much we want charged to the card. oh wait we dont know how to divide up the service charge, the tax and everyone's individual drinks...oh my god this is getting complicated'. Server offered to split everything up and brought us back SEPARATE checks with all the tax and mandatory 18% all split up. Wow thanks bro you brought us what we originally asked for after you determined what a pain in the ass it was bringing an undivided check...Stupid of us to ASK for SEPARATE checks in the BEGINNING. \n\nDrinks were okay, I had 3 Sakeinis which our server assured me was on the buy two get one free deal and they were. The best tasting was the Lychee one. Perfectly balanced between booze and Lychee flavor. The Peach and Pineapple were so bland and tasteless i might as well been drinking a bud lite. Not to say that both these drinks tasted like bud lite, i just mean there was no harmony no balance between the natural or artificial flavors of the fruit to match or complement the flavored sake they used.\n\nAs far as everything else food-wise i dont know i just dont know at all. Over half the things i ordered never got delivered. Most of dining experience was grabbing bits and pieces from others around me. Noticeably the spicy yellowtail hand roll was absolutely amazing when i first ordered it. They did it Goyemon style where it was chunks of yellowtail with spicy sauce drizzled all over it. It was so good or i havent had one in so long what ever it was pretty damn good so i decided to order another which was on par with the first as well as a spicy tuna hand roll. Wow the tuna was an epic fail in my opinion. Both the yellow tail and tuna were ordered as hand rolls, both were ordered spicy...yet two VERY different things were delivered other than the type of fish. As stated before the yellowtail was cubed and had sauce poured on top. The tuna was...minced into a paste with hot sauce and visible chunks of chilies in the mix. Totally not what i was expecting and was a bit spicier than i was willing to put up with. Good thing LJ was around...Big up to LJ!!\n\nFor the most part a lot of the nigiri was decently fresh especially the yellowtail.\n\nOverall...i dont know I wanna give this place another chance by coming back with a considerably smaller group...but...i know other places that do a considerably better job. \n\nOh and dont get drunk here or try to get drunk here you might die of massive liver failure. \n\n\nYelp 100 - 012 of 100\nSorry Chad...