While my Yelp kin were busy stuffing their maws on the breast of Motha India at a UYE, I was on the other end of Queen Street taking flight, wine flights that is at the PicNic Wine Bar.  I was meeting up with a past employee who I was trying to lure back to my agency and when I asked her where she'd like to meet up she suggested PicNic since it is her her hood.  Immediately I routed the Yelp reviews and noted that all of them were four stars so this was a good sign.  \n\nIt was a great evening.  We just kicked back and took in the atmosphere.  I love the vibe in this room and considering that we were sitting next to the front door that is really giving a big thumbs up to this spot.  Usually sitting next to the front door on a frosty winter's night is a chilling experience but for whatever reason the glass across the front of this bar is air tight and not even remotely draughty.  If you do get a chill there is a basket of rolled up pashmina's\/wraps sitting by the front door.  Such thoughtfulness on the part of this establishment.\n\nThere is a good selection of wines by the ounce (3 or 6), half bottles & full bottles.  Or you can go with a wine flight and get 3 glasses of wine with 2 ounces each in them.  So we started with a Chardonnay flight and I must say the sommelier, Matt, is a great guy.  He puts the glasses down on the table, pours right at the table and tells you what each wine is.  No way were these a two ounce pour, easily a generous 3 ouncer.   Tasting wine in this manner is a great way to learn about how different chardonnays from Chile, California, Canada and Australia can be.  The legs, the nose, the body....no this is not me describing another Dexter episode.  \n\nWe ordered a cheese\/meat\/condiment plate to start.  There is a blackboard on the backwall giving you the choices so you build your own charcuterie plate.  Our only requests were that one cheese be creamy and rich and the other be stinky.  The plate came with a heaping basket of very fresh, crispy baguette.  Along side we had a fruit condiment, spicy olives and some slatherings of olive oil on the plate.  As far as charcuterie boards I've had way better and this was the only reason I yanked a star off this rating.  Still though, it was good but when you've had great (Black Hoof\/Splendido\/Local) it's a tough act to follow.  \n\nWe ordered the Tuna Tartare which was sooooo delicious with black sesame seeds in it.  It was sided with these really cool lotus chips and wakame salad.  We also ordered the chicken satays that showed up sitting atop a bed of couscous with lentils and bulgur.  It was delicious and had a real madras of flavours.  Both plates were beautifully splayed with their food and garnishes.  \n\nOur second flight was with reds and we tried a great Ripasso from Italy (our fave), a Carmeniere from Chile and a Cab Sav from the Cali coast.  In both tastings we found one wine we liked more than the other and opted to have a second tasting.  It was a booze' em up night in Riverdale and we loved every minute of it.  \n\nDownside to PicNic, no desserts.  (insert pout here)  I'm going to have to work on them!  It would have been nice to finish off with something chocolatey and rich.  Alas, it was not to be.  The other comment I have to make about PicNic is that the room is fairly consumed by a large communal table, which is ok but I don't care for backless chairs.  If you are going to sit for a while slurping up the grape I like to have a chair I can lean back against.  \n\nIn total there were 16 small pours with all the food and the bill came to $120 which I felt was very fair.  It was a great evening, music was fab, service was attentive and respectful and the room is super comfy for wine libations.  Oh by the way, my ploy worked.  My former staff is coming on back!  Thank you PicNic for helping me seal the deal!