I too didn't want to leave a negative comment, but Jennifer did in another response say the truth was best. I took my 2 cats here to have their nails trimmed. One is 9 mos old and the other is 7 yrs old. They are both non aggressive and loving cats. No known behavioral issues in either. My older cat hasn't left the house in many years, so I am sure this was harder on her than the younger one. But you would think a groomer would know this about cats and take extra care. But because of arthritis in my hands and no help holding her I found someone to do it. I get there and Jennifer (doesn't introduce herself)  takes my older cat first. While I am sitting in the little lobby all the sudden  there is a commotion in the back and I see through the glass. Jennifer comes out and my cat scratched her. I look through the door the goes to the back and my poor cat was up on top of 6ft of stacked kennels scared out of her wits. The racket was her trying to find safety in an unfamiliar place. Jennifer was bleeding from a scratch, but only was concerned for herself at that time which didn't make me happy. Another gal had to climb up there with a blanket to get my scared cat down. From what I understood, Jennifer was rushing around my cat, (obviously in a hurry) so it must have freaked my cat out. But, when both cats were done. The other gal came out and dealt with me and you could tell she felt really bad. I was pretty worried about my cat freaking out and climbing those kennels and if she hurt herself, not to mention scared  out of her mind. I am assuming she was not handled carefully enough. Jennifer never came out and apologized or anything. That was on 5\/ 14\/15, 6 days ago. The past week I have been worried about my older cat as she has not left the dark corner of a room we don't use. This was not like her. Every day I would try coaxing her out. When I lift her and brought her to another room, she went straight back in there. I don't know if she was eating or drinking as they are right by the room, but she never comes out. It just never dawned on me until today that her visit to Trim Time has to be the reason for her current behavior. Nothing else abnormal has happened, so why does she  seem lifeless and depressed. She was traumatized by her visit with Jennifer of course. That is the only thing it could be... I am sickened that Jennifer seemed to have no concern for my cat when this happened. Yes she got a good jab with her claw. But if she was being handled gently like an elder cat should, I don't blame my cat. Jennifer was only concerned for herself and not my cat. So I do see what the other poster is saying about her being burned out and doesn't care. It was evident in her response to what happened. The reason I did give 2 stars is because she did slow it down and finished both cats. Also, the red headed gal who helped her deserves ALOT of credit. I appreciate her help as she showed much more concern and ended up handling the situation because Jennifer obviously couldn't. I may not have posted this, but after figuring out that this is why my cats behavior has drastically changed made me post.