OK... After reading many amazing reviews for OEB Breakfast, today was the day.  I have to say fellow Yelpers, you nailed it!  \n\nAfter a GPS guided drive, I finally found it, and parking nearby was easy.  I walked in and to my suprise, at 930 am on a Wednesday morning, the place was PACKED!  Good sign #1.  I was sat at the communal \"high rise\" table in the middle of the room.  Looking around at what others were digging into, I was beyond excited to try this place!  I am from Halifax, NS.  A good friend and former head chef of mine packed it in with the fine dining scene, working 16 hours a day, no social life, etc.  He opened a breakfast joint called Coastal Coffee in Halifax.  OEB had the same vibe.  Small, casual, trendy, and most importantly, CHEF DRIVEN!  You can always tell the places opened by a passionate chef.\n\nMy server came over, started with a coffee and let me have about 5 minutes with the menu.  I knew he was a foodie, we had a good chat about the Tamworth Hog with butchers cuts tattoo I have on my forearm.  I asked for his recommendation of what to get.  I decided on a \"breakfast box\"  Basically, breakfast poutine.  I was leaning towards the scallops, but I am a sucker for a good duck confit.  He said without a doubt, go for the scallops!  So I did.\n\nI waited about 10 minutes, then saw a server coming with a Chinese take out box on a plate.  I was ravenous for this.  She sat it in front of me and already I knew THIS is my new breakfast place!  THE breakfast place!\n\nI was presented with duck fat fried potatoes, topped with 2 PERFECTLY poached eggs, 2 large PERFECTLY cooked scallops, crispy bacon lardons, cheese curds and browned butter hollandaise.  My inner chef did his happy dance.  \n\nThere were 2 ingredients in this dish, that if cooked incorrectly,can easily ruin a dish.  First off, there is nothing sexier than a medium poached egg.  Yes, getting down to sexiness here people, 18+ to keep reading.  The way you poke it with your fork, the softness, almost bounce back texture of it, now cut into it, oooohhh yea, there is that delicious yolk covering the duck fat potatoes and bacon...mmmm..yea, that's the way I like it, but I digress.  Secondly, scallops.  There is no greater culinary sin to commit, than to overcook Digby scallops.  They should be rare, medium at most.  A nice hard sear on one side, quick turn to the other side and that's it!  Stop cooking now!  Overcooked scallops are rubbery, and disappointing.  Forget spilled milk, overcooked scallops make people cry.\n\nOK, back to breakfast.  The flavors combined in this box in front of me worked amazingly well together.  The duck fat potatoes, well they were cooked in duck fat, enough said.  They were delicious.  Scallops and bacon are best of friends, so that was a home run, and a runny poached egg with hollandaise sauce and melty cheese curds wrapped it all up.  I devoured the dish, and it wasn't until I got to the end of the dish that I finally felt \"WOW is this ever rich!\"  Of course it is, but it was so very good that I fought my way through the last few yolk covered potatoes.\n\nThe ONLY thing that I couldn't personally figure out, were the eggs.  They were called poached, but appeared to be boiled, or in a steamer mold.  Not sure, maybe this chef just topped my culinary knowledge and blew my mind with his eggs.  \n\nFood, amazing.  Service, perfect.  So, Yelpers, GO TO OEB BREAKFAST!  I personally guarantee your satisfaction.