After two great visits, we had a 10-min episode here earlier that really makes me rethink ever going back to KTR. Saturday, just before 2pm, 13Aug16.\n\nWe all know accidents happen, and that's totally acceptable. But when a group of 10-12 year old boys are 'running' the easier side of the scooter area and one almost plows a 5-year old, it'd be nice if the staff member would talk to the kid responsible before a) I have to do it myself and b) another punk kid comes to defend the dangerous kid, telling me my kid was in the way (when he hadn't seen the near accident). After the incident and me trying to tell the older kid to be careful of the little ones, the staff guy managed to stop talking to his friend to... come to me and stick up for the older boys when he clearly had no idea what had happened. Let me reiterate... My son's friend was crossing the first public area to get into the left side of the skate park. An older kid either started his decent off the wall well after my sinks friend was trying to cross. Then, the older kid started shaking his head and acting as if it were the little kids fault, when the little kid was clearly crossing first. \n\nInstead, of the guy who was 'watching over the area' taking to the older kid, he came to me to try and agree with the punk kid and explain that my kid was not following 'the flow' of the room. There are no arrows, no signs and nothing to indicate a 'flow' other than apparently what was in their expert little heads. With no 'clear flow' and only one way to cross, obviously a ton of riders cross in that area, not just little kids. Maybe if he would have been helping the little kids instead of practicing his own stunts and talking to his friends, we would have been in that situation.\n\nWhat I would have liked to see was the older kid be reminded by the staff guy to watch traffic before he takes off and to especially watch for the little kids. That didn't happen until the staff guy (and punk kid who wasn't involved in any way) was on me for quite some time. The staff guy was clearly part of the preteen gang and by the way he handled the situation, all the older kids were smirking in the background, clearly thinking the one had done nothing wrong. He even indicated that the punk kid was right but just needed to go and let him do the talking... Unreal. That makes for a dangerous cocktail. \n\nThe absolute worst part of the staff trying to handle the situation... I was not yelling or angry and yet the staff guy kept asking, 'why are you so mad' and wouldn't quit coming up to me, repeating that line over and over. It was like he was trying to make me mad and make me seem unreasonable. And then, when I left, he tried to buddy up with another mother who was nearby and get her to say I was being unreasonable. I just want the older kids to watch the traffic before they charge off of a wall on their skateboards. \n\nMoments after that, one of the gang of kids 'accidentally' flew off their skateboard and launched it at my guy friend's head, even though he was sitting back behind the rope area. If I hadn't been standing close, seen it coming, and smacked it out of the air, it would probably have been a hospital trip for my friend, or at the very least, a huge black eye.  Accident? Maybe. And maybe not. I literally felt like it was a gang of kids and the staff guy was the ring leader.\n\nWe just left. After 3 hours of fun play and our third trip to KTR, we now have a very sour idea of the place. At the very least, their staff need to be letter training. I get like I was dealing with a short stoned skater dude who wanted to stay cool with the preteens instead of someone who cared about the kids safety. \n\nMay not see ya there.