The Science Center is an entertaining way to spend an afternoon. I'd say that it's probably geared a little bit more towards kids, but those who are kids at heart can certainly have fun too! The Science Center is HUGE....there are four floors packed full of things to do and your ticket also gets you into the SportsWorks Building, which has even MORE things to do. I've taken my nieces and nephews here a couple of times when they've visited, and they always have a blast. In fact, we never get to see it all because they tucker out before we make it through everything. If you have kids with long enough attention spans, you could easily spend an entire day here. \n\nSome of my favorite things in the Science Center include the miniature railroad exhibit (it is so detailed, down to little motorized tails on the horses!), the entire robotics floor (one day I WILL beat that damn robot in air hockey), and the Works theater (they have cool live demos here every couple of hours). My nieces and nephews loved the Exploration Station play area on the fourth floor (they needed to be dragged out of there!) The SportsWorks building adjacent to the main Science Center is also filled with really cool things. Little kids seem to enjoy the bungee trampoline and human yo-yo activities, while I personally love the rollercoaster simulator and rock climbing wall. The baseball cage that tests your pitching speed is a lot of fun too, as is the track that lets you foot race your friends. \n\nDepending on when you go, prepare for it to be chaotic with kids running around everywhere! They do host 21+ nights once a month where adults can buy booze and enjoy the museum's exhibits without wading through a sea of rugrats (sadly, the SportsWorks museum isn't included in their 21+ nights....although I guess booze and things like rock wall climbing probably aren't the best mix, haha). \n\nThere is pay parking in front of the building. Sometimes the center closes for various events going on at the stadiums nearby, so always check their website before you go to see if they have any restrictions on their hours that day.