IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING LIVING HERE, READ THIS:\n\nI lived in different apartments down by 19th Ave and Thunderbird. While there, we found out our neighbors were involved with ISIS (later killed in Texas), place infested with cats, smell of weed every night, cops constantly getting called, shootings, killings, break-ins. You name it. The list goes on and on. \n\nI wanted to express how horrific our old apartment complex was so that YOU are able to grasp my next comment: I WOULD RATHER GO BACK THERE THAN LIVE AT MOTIF (Villas at cave creek).\n\nThis is by far the worst apartment complex I've ever lived in. If you're STILL considering moving here, let me tell you what you're in for: \n\nNice, relaxing - freezing cold showers because the damn boiler had to be replaced AGAIN. (Prepare to not have water for a week or more)\nCockroaches, dust worms, dust in general, broken lights, broken doors, drawers falling out, carpet is a disgusting mess (yes, prior to move in), incompetent leasing agents who couldn't care less when you have a complaint or in need of repair. \n\nThey're remodeling this place and we had construction for almost two months now in the same units; drills, saws, hammering, yelling, loud music, running up and down the stairs or on the same floor (shakes the damn place) - from 7:30 or 8 AM to 9PM every day. I'm a student and I spend 8-10 hours a day studying (which is why we got a two bedroom apartment to begin with ( 1 is my study area) and we have all of the units around us being remodeling. \n\nI started to go Into our closet in our master bedroom to study because it's the only area with the LEAST amount of noise.  When I called the office to ask if they can shut the doors to the other apartments while tearing the damn place down to minimize the sound, she told me to go to their office and sit in the \"business\" area or by where the TV is to study. OR better yet, go back to our master room...Why would I do that when we pay AN EXTRA FEW HUNDRED DOLLARS FOR THE SECOND BEDROOM A MONTH!!!??? \n\nThis isn't the only thing. They have had construction, building, painting and really, any kind of thing that you could possibly think of causing noise (I'm not talking about everyday noises that you can just ignore), I'm talking about the loud, lasts several hours, inconveniencing your life in every possible way and preventing you from getting work done. I've been here since December 2015 and we haven't had one week of calmness.\n\nSeriously, don't come here. We've lived in a few apartment complexes and this place is not worth a single penny. Walk away. Walk-the fuck-away. If you want to keep your job, keep up with school, not have your apartment fall apart every day, peace of mind - STAY AWAY FROM HERE.