3.5 - Food\n4.5 - Service\n\nMy parents love this place--mostly because my Dad likes that you can pick out your bottles of wine. Haha. So, I wasn't surprised that this was where they wanted to take the family for a Valentine's Day dinner while I was in town for my birthday. \n\nI don't think I had been here since high school, so I was curious to see what it was like on the inside and how the menu had changed. I'd say the interior looks pretty kitschy and disconnected. I'm not a big fan of the obvious nods to wine in the decor. It came across a little cheesy. And to be honest, the whole place could use a little update. But really, who cares. As long as it's clean and the food and service are good, I'm in! \n\nWhen our large party came in there was a brief moment of panic on the hostess's face when she realized we had a baby with us. I guess my Dad hadn't mentioned that on the phone when he made the reservation. But they figured it out quickly and we were seated before we knew it. \n\nI loved being able to go pick out wine from their bottle selection with my Dad. I learned a whole bunch of stuff about French wines that I immediately forgot after drinking too much wine at dinner. Haha. And our server was great. She didn't come across as super-thrilled to be there, but she was sweet as could be and nailed every part of our dinner service. For large groups that's not always easy. \n\nFor dinner my BF and I ordered a caesar salad, the filet, and the bolognese all to share. The caesar salad was A-OK. Nothing to write home about, but delicious and very traditional. The filet was cooked perfectly, but I feel it was a bit under-seasoned for my taste. I like a nice, seared, salty crust on the outside of my filet, with a medium rare temp inside. I believe I got it with the mashed potatoes and then we also ordered a side of their risotto cakes--our server highly recommended them. They were really good, but still not something I would order vs mashed potatoes. The bolognese was really delicious, too. It was hearty, meaty, and the thick spaghetti is was served on was cooked perfectly al dente. However, I just feel like there was a little depth or richness missing from the sauce. Like, it could have used more slow, low cook-time? Or maybe it could have been better seasoned? Whatever it was, I couldn't really put my finger on it. But it also didn't stop the dish from being really good. \n\nOverall I really appreciated the efficient service for a large party and that all of our food came out together--perfectly cooked. I loved that I could pick out my own bottles of wine, too. However, I think the price can get a little steep for what you get. And I also feel there were way too many specials for the significant menu they already have. It makes me wonder about the quality of ingredients going into their dishes and how they're keeping everything fresh with some many items to choose from. But Molinari's is really worth a visit. And it's definitely a hidden gem in a strip mall!