If you are reading these reviews while stuck in a massive hipster line up at another popular brunch spot, trying to decide whether you should give up and try this place instead - don't bother.  You'll start your day off angry and frustrated.\n\nThat's what happened to us.  We left a big line at BOOM to try this place down the street.  We got a table right away at Brunchworks, but only because no one came to seat us (even though there was a please wait to be seated sign) so we just grabbed an empty table.  The group behind us waited another 10 min before seating themselves as well.\n\nBad start.  It took another 20min before someone came over to take our order.  We ordered coffees, smoothies and breakfast.  The coffees came.  The smoothies didn't.  Then the food arrived, but still no smoothies.  After 5 min, we asked our waitress where the smoothies were and she assured us they were coming right up.  After 10 min., I asked another waiter to check on the smoothies we had ordered but never received.  He never did.  I made eye contact with him each time he passed to see if it would remind him that we had asked him to check on something, but it never dawned on him.  The place wasn't full and there were 4 or 5 servers on.  No excuse for the bad service.  By this point, I realized I should have believed all the poor Yelp reviews for this place, but it was too late.  We finished our meals, and the waitress came to collect the empty plates, and said \"Sorry about the smoothies guys.  I guess you'll be wanting them to go.\"  Our jaws dropped.  We had wanted them WITH our meal, normally before the meal even.  We made it clear that we did not want them, and that they should not appear on our bill.  She said \"I'm not sure I can do that, but I'll see.\"  Are you kidding me??\n\nThen we watched 3 of the waitresses meander around behind the cash register counter, giggling, while we literally waved our menus in the air trying to get their attention to bring the bill.  Not one server had their eyes up, and there were only FOUR tables full at that point.  One of us had to get up and walk over to the register to get the bill and pay.  No apologies were made about the service or the smoothies.  Also, I only was offered one coffee refill, and it was close to the end of the meal.  \n\nI'll never go there again.  Whoever owns the place should be embarrassed for the quality of serving staff they have hired, for not hiring ENOUGH staff to provide reasonable service - even after all the horrible reviews here with the same issues over and over again.  They should be embarrassed for the horrible presentation of the food (a kid could do a better job), the measly portions (for $10 a plate breakfast it should be spectacular), and the low quality of the food (store-bought neon red tortilla, and store-bought mass-produced salsa for huevos when you are located so close to a Tortilleria).  Also, the eggs were cold when they arrived at our table.  Get it together.  This is NOT an OK standard of service.