Talk about some original Iron Chef (Masahiko Kobe) Italian. It was truly Iron Chef style! Not in the literally sense peeps no secret ingredient or one hour limit.  The top notch quality of the pasta from every component, overall taste, and presentations was nothing short but elegant. Trattoria stands out. Not many places that I think of in Vegas that menu is sort of hybrid or asian\/italian. Not that need more reason too go but it was there two year anniversary heard about half price on some there most popular dishes. My dad was in town visiting so talk about perfect time get my bookmark checked off. It one that why did I wait so long.....Dam me.\n\nTalk about small restaurant. Thankfully my dad and I went early because if went at any other time would have waited long time (not help that anniversary special so knew the place was going too be packed). They do take reservations never knew since it was my first visit. For sure if your planning on going at busy time and on the weekend making reservation good idea. They have counter area also so if going by yourself no worries about taking up whole table. \n\nWe shared appetizers had the Grilled Kurobuta Sausage Ratatouille Sauce and Baby Octopus Karaage. The Grilled Kurobuta Sausage was awesome. I could had whole plate of that grilled and sliced be content. They added the Ratatouille sauce too it added another level too the dish. It felt like sausage and peppers minus the pasta. Winnah. The baby Octopus it was ok. Nothing really special just baby octopus fried but fried nice crispy. \n\nThe star of the show. The Uni Tomato Cream pasta was unreal. Uni if not fresh fresh I never order it at sushi restaurant. I am not that big fan of the texture and so so with the taste. Fresh Uni Huge fan you can taste the difference. Add the tomato cream and Uni perfect blend of goodness.  Adds another level of depth too the sauce cooking out the Uni and all the juices break down Uni essence in every bite. The pasta is cooked too perfect al dente. The portion size is good. Surprised but its heavier dish so by the time finish no room for dessert. One dish always wanted too taste since bookmarked and beyond impressed more like blown away. Sure can't wait too try more pastas!!