I whole-heartedly agree with Patrick W.'s review of The Las Vegas Strip.  I recently went on a girl's trip to Vegas and soon discovered-verbatum-what Patrick describes.  I flew in to Vegas from Tucson, after a week of relaxing travel through Arizona - Scottsdale and Tucson - enjoying a couple spa trips along the way and seeing crazy wildlife (havalinas, coyotes, road runners, quail...) and soaking in the sun and serenity.  I deboarded the plane in Vegas and was immediately assaulted with visual and aural stimulation, vis a vis slot machines - flashing lights, bells, whistles and a slough of poor saps dumping their cash into these machines and getting nothing in return but the momentary thrill of the possibility of hitting \"the big one\".  And this is in the AIRPORT.  I immediately thought \"what the f*** have I gotten myself into\" and considered high-tailing it back to the plane.  BUT I sucked it up and joined my girlfriends and of course had a good time with THEM - dancing at the House of Blues, saw \"O\"...which must stand for \"O My F-ing GOD, these tickets are EXPENSIVE!\"  I'm definitely NOT a gambler...lost a whole ONE dollar on a slot machine (after sticking in my dollar and within 15 seconds it was just GONE...\"ok, this BLOWS\"...I did try my hand at black jack on the LAST day and walked away $15 richer!   And I must say I had one of the best massages EVER at the New York New York spa, but the effects of serenity there were soon vaporized when I had to walk through the NOISEY, SMOKEY casino to get back to my room.  -It angered me that they have it all figured out to the nth degree how best to take your money...I realized this when I arrived early at the NY NY hotel and had to wait for a friend for about an hour prior to checking in...I looked around the lobby...not ONE chair or bench or planter box to sit your butt down.  You had to either sit at the bar (where the machine is built into the bar right in front of you), or you have to sit at some lousy machine.  So the odds of you plunking in $$ while you wait are high...unless you're me.  I sat my ass down at the bar and ordered my one drink....and waited...patience of a Saint.  Another thing that irked me was that on the last day we were out lounging at the pool, enjoying some drinks and the sun, when we hear over a loud speaker \"the pool will be closing in 15 minutes\" - it was 4:45 in the pm.  They wanted to make sure to corale all the sunbathers back in to the casino to lose more money!  That was it for me.  It was that realization of how whorific that town is that I don't intend to ever go back.  The highlight of the trip was randomly seeing Diane Keaton strolling with a friend through the New York New York lobby right in front of me.  My first thought was, why in the hell of all places on Earth would Diane Keaton choose to be HERE??  I surmised it was either for an upcoming role, or she had been kidnapped.  Despite my disgust at the money churning machine that is Las Vegas and the fact that it is DEVOID of ANY culture whatsoever, I did have a great time with the girls, but for the money I'd rather go anywhere else in the world.  Even Tukwila.  The 1 star is because I haven't yet figured out how to give a negative 5 stars.