The potential for 5 stars was definitely there. The Renaissance is a beautiful hotel in an ideal location of Pittsburg. I was in hotel heaven when I walked into the lobby. It looked expensive and well taken care of. The customer service at check in was spot on. Laura (Lori?) was incredibly friendly and seemed genuinely happy we had chosen the Renaissance for our stay. She saw we booked our hotel through Priceline, and that didn't even affect her demeanor. She asked us a few questions about why we were in town and made me feel like I picked the right place to stay at. She then informed my husband and me that she happened to have a complimentary upgrade to a corner junior suite available. I didn't even ask, which is what made this even more wonderful. She confidently told us that we would love the room. \n\nWow! That room was insanely amazing. Laura was right! Panoramic views of the city, river, bridges and two stadiums. I felt so special having this upgrade and couldn't have asked for a better room. It was great watching the sunset with the option of looking out of any of the 7 windows in the room. The room décor was classy, modern and the bed was super comfy. I made sure to let Laura know that this really exceeded our expectations. \n\nThe reason my experience wasn't five stars was because of the room service. Ever since I was little, I have loved to order room service. It's just something I have to do. My first call in to room service was for a bottle of wine. I was quoted a 30 minute wait, which was reasonable to me. It took about 20 minutes, which I was pleased about. I signed my bill and added my tip. When the gentleman left, I was looking over my bill and thought it seemed really high. I completely didn't realize that a 20% gratuity was already included on top of the room service fee. I had tipped him $5 already, so he made out with $10 in tips. I felt really silly after that and tried to justify in my head why spending $43 on a $27 order was okay. My husband made me feel better by saying it is vacation, don't stress about it. \n\nThe next morning I really was craving a croissant and a beverage. I asked if they had croissants a la carte, which they did. The gal said she could have my order in 15 minutes, but probably less. Wow, that's great, I thought. However, don't overpromise and under deliver. If you are going to claim it will be 15 minutes or less, then I am expecting that. After 30 minutes of waiting, I finally called only to hear the lady tell me my food was on the way. When it arrived, it was the saddest looking croissants I've ever seen. They gave me two mini, stale croissants. I took a picture and couldn't stop laughing about how tiny they were. They obviously were not fresh either.