My friend recommended that I give this place a try the next time I went to Las Vegas so I decided to try it.\n\nI had a car so I drove there. This place is not on the Strip so if you want to try it, you will either need a car or you will need some means of transportation to get there (Uber, taxi, or maybe public bus service). Using my GPS, the place was easy to find and parking was plentiful and free.\n\nI wasn't sure what to expect when I went there but saw a line to get seated. The place is a bar top with roughly 20 seats around the bar. I waited in line and it took me ~2 hours to finally be seated. There was a family of 4 in front of me and because I was solo, I was seated before them so they waited even longer than I did to be seated. I went there on a Friday evening at roughly 9pm and I wasn't seated until around 11pm.\n\nThe person sitting next to me was having half a dozen oysters in a half shell so I asked him if it was any good and he asked me if it was the first time I was there which I said yes and he told me that it was great and whenever he comes in from LA, he always comes to this place at least once. I ordered the half dozen oysters in a half shell and they were great. They were very fresh without any weird\/strange odour\/taste. Along with the oysters, I had glass of beer and the combo (crab, shrimp, and lobster) pan roast. They ask you for how spicy you want the pan roast on a scale of 1 to 10. Based on some of the reviews I read, I opted for 2 which I found to be spicy. If it was not spicy enough for me, they had plenty of spicy condiments that I could add after.\n\nThe oysters were great. The pan roast was great. The beer was good. The only thing that I wasn't thrilled about was the 2 hour wait to get seated (you are generally standing while you wait since casino security generally won't let you sit down at the casino machines unless you're playing).\n\nThe fewer people you go with the faster you will be seated. Even though a family of 4 had been waiting ~10 minutes before I lined up, I was seated before them and it wasn't until I was almost finished my meal around 30 minutes after being seated that they were finally seated (so they probably waited between 2 hours thirty minutes and 3 hours to be seated).