Quality. Service. Taste. And did I mention all the food you can stomach?? Everything about our experience at Texas de Brazil was aces except the table\/room I reserved. Let me explain...\n\nWe were gonna be in town for several days for a bachelor party and I had called to reserve a table for 10. I signed up for their online newsletter and it alerted me to them having private rooms available. I inquired about that and Natasha said we could have that room for our party as it was not reserved yet. I called about 2 months prior to our weekend in Vegas. I even asked Natasha if the room would be able to handle a couple of more people as our party number might fluctuate closer to the date. She assured me that the room is spacious enough to hold up to 50 and it was all ours. Awesome! Well, the weekend came around and on the day of our dinner reservation I got a call to confirm. I called back and did so. No word of any issues, so I didnt worry... Problem was when I got there, I was told by the hostess and later by the manager that the private room wasnt available as it had been booked already but Natasha wasnt aware. Hmmm... Really?? Now you tell me?... Sounds fishy. Sounds like you booked a bigger party in that room and bumped us. I wasnt told that but I'm not a fool. All they needed to do was ask me and I wouldve given up that room to the bigger party. No problem. Instead I was given a lame excuse that I wasnt buying. A nice establishment like this, and they dont have all their reservations synched?? C'mon now! Anyways, that was not cool... And I had to tell the story. The manager was apologetic and promised to give us a table kind of off to the side and we kinda did. It was whatever by then...We were hungry and we were seated.\n\nThe food was great. All the cuts of meat we had were delicious. The various cuts of beef, chicken & pork were great. I really liked the bacon wrapped filet.The brazilian sausage was delish. Pork ribs I missed out on but I heard they were great. Bacon wrapped chicken was also good. Parmesan crusted pork loin was tasty. Flank steak was delicious.The herb-marinated pork loin was also good. Meat wasted for sure. The salad and sides bar was good. I liked the charcuterie. The prosciutto was good with bread and cheese. The string beans and garlic mash was great. But the true star was the LOBSTER BISQUE. I had heard about this greatness for a while and it lived up to the hype. So good. You will want to have bowl and bowls of it. Yumm.\n\nService was attentive. They were always around offering us the different cuts of beef, clearing our dishes and refilling our drinks. The only issue was with our reservation. Had to deduct a star for that. I considered deducting more but the experience otherwise was great. Like I said, I signed up for their online newsletter and timing was with us as I got an email giving parties of up to 10 to be given $10 off each person making it $40 instead of $50 for dinner. (Mon-Thurs). Cool beans. We were there on a Thursday night so it was perfect. I suggest signing up. \n\nI plan on eating there again the next time we're in town. I will make reservations again. I hope that aspect is far improved on the next trip. Lobster bisque!!