This AMC is not your typical movie theater. This is a dine in while watching movies cinema. It is nestled on the 2nd floor of the Esplande building off of 24th street and Camelback. Perfect location to do some shopping at the Biltmore Fashion park then walk on over to finish the day off with some food and a great flick. \n\nThe moment you walk in you see a lounge area that is higher class then most movie theaters. There is a full service bar with barstools to eat and drink. There are lounge chairs to chat with friends before the show begins. Besides offering to purchase your tickets online there is a Kiosk are available to avoid the long lines to purchase your tickets if you don't feel like waiting. What is nice is you can choose your seating. They have wheel chair accessibility for those who may need it. The first impression when you come in is always the best but once you walk into your assigned theater room it all goes down from there. To be fair the rooms have comfortable seating. Plenty of room to sit comfortably and move through the theater but the room is not always clean. Every time I have gone to this theater either the floor is dirty or the menus are sticky. I am not always greeted by a waitress either. This restaurant is suppose to be known for serving their patrons this is why patrons pay more to be here but every time excluding once did I have to flag someone down. Last night was the first time I had a great server. I mentioned this to him because I wanted to let him know I was impressed with his service but the food runner who brought our food messed up the whole experience. The first thing was he did not bring out our full order which was two bags of popcorn with butter , one sweet tea and one water. He brought out one bag of popcorn with no butter which he spilled on my friend and the floor. My sweet tea was warm tea with ice in it. The sad thing was he told us he was going to clean it up and she sat the whole movie with popcorn under here feet. Yes, he did apologize for spilling but never came back to clean up. My suggestion for this theater is to work on the service experience. I have an awful experience with the dining portion every time. I believe they get this down the theater will have a better perception to patrons.