Ah there's nothing like a rough ride on a good woodie!\n\nI'm talking rollercoasters here folks!  A \"woodie\" is slang for a wooden coaster.   Despite the fact that my ultimate favorite , the Phantom's Revenge, is a steel coaster, I actually prefer woodies.  Steel coasters may give you a quiet, smooth ride.  But for me, I love the bone-rattling, rough-riding, wheel-squealing effects of a great wooden coaster.   No it's not a hometown call here o' fellow coaster geeks.  The Thunderbolt is the best one out there.  \n\nWhat makes the Thunderbolt so great?  Well for starters, parts of it are old.  It was originally built in 1924 and was known as the Pippen.  A 1968 remodeling of the ride by Andy E. Vettel expanded the ride, adding helix hills and four drops down a ravine.  The Thundebolt is essentially an out-n-back coaster with elements of a ravine\/terrain coaster.  What makes this coaster so unique is that you don't go up the lift hill immediately out of the station.  This coaster takes such good advantage of its terrain that it drops immediately upon departure and the lift hill is in the middle.\n\nOh, and because of the design of the seats and because of the fact that the ride is so rough, you CANNOT ride alone.  You absolutely have to have a partner, even in the unlikely event that there are other empty seats on the train!  Riding by yourself or the odd person out in your group?  They'll find a partner for you.  \n\nReady to take a ride?  \n\nOkay, comfortable?  Any loose items secured?  Here we go.  We immediately do a drop out of the station, under the Phantom's Revenge.  We then go back up, take a right turn, and then hit the lift hill.  Clack, clack, clack, clack--hear that lift chain?  Okay, we're at the top, the chain has disengaged, another right turn, and into the Thunderbolt's famous bowl we go.  We gonna take a spin around here twice, then a left jog, and another drop under the Phantom.  Wheels squealing now, we make another righ towards the big finish--the tallest drop on the ride before hitting the brake run and back into the station.\n\nAs we exit the ride, have your insides caught up yet?  Have you stopped jittering?  Now you know why we had to partner up!  That thing really tosses us around in our seat!  And though the Thunderbolt may not be the tallest woodie out there, it throws its hills and turns at you fast-n-furiously!\n\nAwesome ride and it's an ACE (American Coasters Enthusiasts) Classic Award recipient.