Definitely worth trying once, if not twice!  If your significant other likes seafood, I would definitely recommend Estiatorio Milos as a date night restaurant to try.  Classy layout and presentation, Delicious food, but not so addicting that I would become a regular.  (inside of the new Cosmopolitan Hotel!)\n\nThe restaurant itself looks cozy from the outside, but quite spacious once stepping inside.  The waiters are forced to wear ridiculous blue checkered tablecloth-like shirts with bright yellow ties, which my friends and I agreed need to be changed to something sleeker.  Despite the outfits, they are incredibly personable, friendly, and knowledgeable.  Some $$$$ restaurants have snooty waiters who make me feel intimidated\/uncomfortable, but I did not get that vibe at all here.  Our waiter was attentive, the food was served in a timely fashion, and there was hardly any lag time at all during our meal.  \n\nBefore ordering, we were given a mini tour of the fish display to allow us to decide which fish we wanted to order.  It is a rare fish display to see in an American restaurant, and of course I took a picture in front of it haha.  Our waiter helped us pick out our fish based on what kind of flavors and consistency we wanted.  (We went with the Lavraki - fattier\/more flavorful than a sea bass)\n\nFor appetizers, we ordered the Milos Special (\"Paper-thin zucchini and eggplant are fried crispy and served with a tzatziki sauce and graviera cheese saganaki\") which was really well battered, fried, and prepared.  The zucchini and eggplant were well complemented by the fried cheese and yogurt.  We ate it in about 10 seconds.  We also ordered a tomato salad simply because I was craving tomatoes.  The salad was delicious, but nothing spectacular.  We also considered ordering the 3 lb. whole fish because it is a prized menu item (\"The Lupe de Mare is cooked in sea salt in order to keep the fish as juicy as possible. The cooked fish is finished with hand picked sea salt from Kythira Island, extra virgin olive oil and capers. The fish is served whole at the table for our guests to share\"), but we decided that 3 lbs. was maybe a bit too much fish since we were ordering so many sides.  So, we opted for a 2.5 pound fish instead.  The fish was really amazing - grilled with some olive oil, lemon, pepper, and whatever else was on it.  The flavor was so delicate and light that you could still taste the flavor of the fish itself, which I find is not so common in America.  Americans seem to love their fish doused in butter and sauces that sometimes I can't tell if I'm eating fish or chicken.  But, this fish was so light and rich in flavor that my friends and I agreed it was worth getting again.  Plus, the skin was grilled to the point of perfection that it was crispy but still greasy and fatty.  Along with the fish we ordered sides of brussels sprouts and spinach.  Both were great.