Very disappointed in this place after our most recent stay here. We had a room at the Hilton and I suggested we cancel our room and book here due to the more convenient location on the strip and we have stayed here a few times before. My family booked the hospitality suite here to celebrate my sisters 21st birthday. \n\nWe rented a van for the ride up so that we would have some extra room for luggage and not have to worry about taking two cars ( similar to a cargo van I guess you can say ). Even though we were guests of the hotel, we were told the van was considered an oversized vehicle and would not fit in their parking garage. We'd have to drive around the block and park in another garage then shuttle over. After realizing how far it was my dad went back to valet and was told he had to pay extra each time we got to the valet to have them park it out front in their \"VIP parking\"? Meanwhile Elara gave us no hassle on the size nor did they charge extra for valet.\n \nOnce settled in the room, in a room that is supposed to sleep 6, had a dining room table with 3 chairs. One chair broke while my dad was sitting in it, he called downstairs and they had it picked up but they never brought up a replacement. So now a 6 person , 2 bedroom suite has this huge dining room table and only 2 chairs. \n\nThe following night after noticing the remote dropped on the floor in our second bedroom, I discovered this disgusting stain on the floor next to the bed and night stand which appears is probably some month old vomit that never got cleaned up and dried into the carpet. Someone obviously changed the sheets that day and never bothered to clean up what was left and is now left for their guests who pay hundreds of dollars per night to stay in this \"suite\". \n\nThe only good service received was after mentioning to someone in Housekeeping when we first checked in that we were celebrating birthdays, they sent up hand written birthday cards, which I thought was really nice. \n\nSucks to have had such a poor experience for such a special birthday for us.