I had taken 2 quick trips on the light rail before yesterday. Once to go a few blocks when it was free just to ride it for the first time and once to go do some shopping while on a break from work. (Love that the Phoenix terminus is just steps from SuperTarget.)\n\nYesterday I took the light rail into Tempe for the first time to meet a friend for a late lunch. Drove over and parked at the Camelback and Central Park-and-Ride lot.  I have to say I really enjoyed the ride. Fairly quick, quiet, and efficient. I'm glad the cars themselves are still quite clean. (All though there was some graffiti scratched in the window of the car I was on while on the shopping trip. Really? Give it a rest for a bit.)\n\nLoved the ride across Tempe Town Lake. (Yeah, I know it's a man-made lake and it stinks in the summer heat, but it was cool gliding over it on the bridge.) Met my friend at the Mill Avenue and 3rd Street station. We had lunch on Mill and then I got back on the train at the Tempe Transit Center. I really have to say I was impressed with the way Tempe incorporated all the bus lines and light rail line into one beautiful station. Very well done. Loved all the miniatures of valley landmarks at the station. \n\nGot on the train and rode it back to the Camelback and Central station. Out of all the stations in Phoenix the Camelback\/Central station has to be my favorite. Just has more of an 'urban' and 'unique' feel to it than the other stops that all kind of seemed the same (save for all the great different artwork at all the stations.) (Make sure you take time to read about the artwork at each station. It's pretty interesting. I just wonder how many people don't even NOTICE the artwork at each station.)\n\nI would have given the system five stars but am going to be nitpicky. I realize the train utilizes the same streets that all the Phoenix traffic uses but I really think the train should have the right of way at intersections. I think it would be a lot faster if the train didn't have to stop for red lights. Yeah, I know it's a safety issue so I'm only taking off half a star. The other half a star comes off for the annoying \"exit to LEF\" announcement at most of the stops. What is that? The female voice gets the 'T' on the end of the \"exit to righT\" announcement but it gets cut off or something on the \"exit to LEF\" announcement. I began dreading approaching stations because I knew the \"LEF\" announcement was coming up. And yes, it's nitpicky but I just wish they'd get that fixed. So, once again only taking off one half star. \n\nStill, all in all, a very enjoyable and relaxing trip aboard the valley's newest landmark.  \n\nGive it a shot. I think you'll be impressed.