T. Cook's and I have a long history but T. doesn't know it.  The first time I met him was over ten years ago when I was just making it in this town.  I had reached my goal for my office and in celebration, I took some of my friends and biggest cheerleaders there to celebrate.  T's food went right to my g-spot and I had an orgasmic reaction right there at the table.  \nI saved T for special occassions.  The next time I went was again for some celebratory occassion with some friends and once again, T's food went right to my g-spot and I had another orgasmic reaction.\nThe third time, I've been spoiled so I was secretly rubbing my legs together under their pristine table linen in anticipation and didn't care who saw me as I licked every delectable morsel off of my plate and fingers, groaning with pleasure.\nWith gloating praise of T., I got a group of friends together for a private dining experience at the Delano Room (min. $500 spending) for a holiday dinner this past Christmas.  When making the reservation, the lady was a bit snubby which I can accept when I am anticipating another orgasmic experience.  \nWe gather for a evening of fine dining . . . except this time, T. had performance anxiety and failed me.  First the waitress looked like she was overworked and coming into the Delano Room was an inconvinence to her because she has just way too many tables outside that were more important to her.  When my dish came, it had been under the heat lamp for so long that it was completely shriveled that I could not tell what dish I had ordered.  I gave her one look and without a word, she took the dish back and asked me if I would like to order another dish.  Where my g-spot was left high and dry was when we got the bill, the antipasto dish that the waitress had recommended we ordered as a 3-person portion was a whopping $45 per plate.  She had said that \"some\" additional amount would be added for a larger portion- she neglected to clarify that it would be a whopping 3x's the amount.  And we had 2 plates of those . . . $90 for 2 antipasto plates??  \nSo what was supposed to be my most savory experience with T. was completely anticlimatic and totally blemished my memory of him.\nI know T's popular so he'll have many suitors- just not this one.