This was literally the worst experience I have ever had, buying anything. I had been looking at cars for a few days, and after nonstop scrolling, finally found one.  I did everything upfront, had the financing done, pre-approved, and picked out the car, I just had to go actually get it.  I literally had a sinking feeling pulling in because up to that moment, it had been too easy.  From the second we sat down, before even checking on or seeing the car, the sales rep was already asking me if i would be interested in another car at all... um no?  I already picked one... Then, after searching for 10 minutes, surprise surprise they couldn't find the car.  I provided the VIN and showed him that it has been posted to their site and was still there.  He looked again, still cannot find it and he tells me it must of sold already.  I then prompt him to check with the sales department, there must be a record of it being sold if so...right?  I should of left at this point.\n\nHe comes back.  Woah! It is here!! He sends us to the location of the car and tells us now he has to find the keys.  We go check out the car, its a little dirty but just needs a little tlc, no big deal.  Here he comes, back to us with more great news.  Sorry guys, I can't sell you this car cause there's a safety recall on the airbag and those cant be fixed so i cant sell it.  Um...what?  I have literally looked at the Carfax numerous times and have not seen anything of the sort, but maybe he knows something I do not.  He immediately moves to sell me a different car.  Again, should of left.\n\nWhile we discuss the other options, my significant other is researching the recall, and as it turns out, there was no air bag recall!!  I ask for more detail on the recall, he has none.  We show him that there is none, he disappears again.  Comes back and explains that 99.9% of the time there is a recall like this it is an airbag issue, so they assumed it was.  Just not this time.  Oops. Turns out it's a safety belt thing, and he goes back to the service people.\n\nComes back again and tells me that there is no fix for the seatbelt so he still cannot sell the vehicle.  That's interesting, because Ford has already posted the recall remedy and I just showed it to you.... He goes back again, and I decide to call the Ford dealership down the street and speak with their service department.  She immediately tells me that not only can they fix it, but they have parts on hand and can do it as soon as the vehicle is delivered.  She literally laughed when I told her what this dealership had been telling me, and gave me her direct number and told me to tell them to call her directly, and to call her back if there are any more issues.\n\nNow we move on to the purchase.  They come back with an increase of almost $3000.... um what?  They want me to pay for the 'accessories' they added to the car.  $1000 for window tinting.  $800 for paint protection.  A GPS system I don't want.  I explain to the salesman that I don't want that, any of it.  I just want the damn car.  An hour ago, they couldn't even sell the car, now apparently they need to add accessories to it?  No thanks.  I just want a damn car.  He brings Gino over to tell us why we don't have a choice.  What a real piece of work this guy is.  At one point, he told us that since we didn't want the add on items, he was just going to charge us for the required safety inspections, and anything else that might come up.  What the ...?  Actually said we have to make money from you somehow and what you saw wasn't really the price of the car, this ($3000 more) is the price of the car...  At this point I have just wasted 3 hours of my life to be up sold on a car that was apparently garbage an hour prior.  Cool.  I am done.  I get up, grab my stuff and start to walk out.  The conversation isn't quiet at this point, and the entire lobby is looking at us.  My boyfriend tells everyone they should leave, because this place is garbage.  Gino then screams across the lobby \"They're just mad they cant even afford the car!!\"\n\nI was literally speechless.  My boyfriend was seeing nothing but red.  I still cannot even believe this just happened.  I have never been more disappointed in a company ever.  I will NEVER do business with an Earnhardt company again.  I definitely dropped some f-bombs walking out the door, and should of just left, but I literally cannot believe how incredibly bad this entire experience was.  Then, no surprise at all, I see on Yelp that this is basically every day at Earnhardt Chevy so please, if you are reading this and deciding if you should buy a car there, reconsider.  The reviews are dead on.  The fact that Gino's go-to is to tell the world you can't afford a car...super classy.  Um, no, I just don't want to pay $1000 for sh***y window tinting, thanks...\n\nThe search continues... anyone have a dealership they like?? =)