My best friend got married this past New Year's Eve, and she made appointments for all the bridesmaids and her at this salon. She has been coming here for a long time and has nothing but good things to say about this place - and her hair always look fantastic! I had been itching to get a new cut for a while, and since we already had appointments booked for our hairdo's, I decided to book extra early and get a cut before my style. \n\nThe salon is HUGE! It has two stories and is bright and clean. The staff are friendly and attentive, and super accommodating. I was taken to the second floor, given a robe and offered a drink while I waited for my stylist - Jenna. \nShe arrived 5 minutes later and greeted me warmly and asked me what I had in mind for my haircut. She listened and gave me some great advice. Also, she wasn't scissor happy and super enthusiastic to chop all of my long hair off. \n\nThe cut turned out great - unfortunately I wasn't able to see the final product all blow dried and finished until the next day, because I had to get my hair put in pin curls for the wedding (my friend chose a 1940's style for all of us). But Jenna was very friendly, funny and asked me what I thought about a few extra inches off, some bangs and some short layers - She didn't take artistic liberties with my hair before asking, and I loved that! \n\nShe also set my hair in curls and styled it perfectly for the wedding. In fact, my hair turned out the best of all the bridesmaids, and it looked like a Dita Von Teese do - LOVED it!\n\nSome of the bridesmaids were not happy with their hair because they felt it was too flat on their heads - an the stylists were very accommodating and more than willing to redo their hair and give it more volume. All in all, I had a very pleasant experience as did the rest of the bridal party, including the bride who looked beautiful and was satisfied with the way we all looked. \n\nJenna was amazing (she is the curl expert at this salon!) - and because her hair is curly and full like mine, I felt that she really understood what worked for me and how to make sure my hair looked its best. I think I've found my hair stylist soul mate - yay!