Rustle and Still is a cute cafe in the Annex. I came across pictures of their gorgeous pale purple potato lattes on Yelp and thus had to make a stop there on my way home from work. \n\nThe cafe itself is relatively small, with seating for about 14 people. You almost feel like you're in a tropical oasis as the space has lots of natural light, wood finishes and large plants.\n\nWhen I walked in I was immediately greeted by one of the owners, who was helpful in describing the different food and beverage offerings. They use single origin arabica beans shipped from Vietnam and roasted locally for their coffee. Some of their more unique offerings include their purple potato latte and matcha pandan latte. Prices are reasonable at $3-5 for an average sized latte. Milk alternatives are available for 50 cents extra.\n\nI initially ordered the purple potato latte. The banana leaf latte art is very photogenic and the latte itself was incredibly creamy, lightly sweetened and not artificially purple. There is a slight starchiness due to the finely puréed pieces of sweetened potato incorporated into my latte.\n\nBanh mi, croissants, and matcha red bean cookies looked fresh and inviting. They also carry vegan snacks (such as banana bread pudding made with coconut milk) and vegan savoury options. Alas I was saving my appetite for another latte.\n\nBefore I left, I ordered a matcha pandan latte to go. Pandan, for those unfamiliar with this, is a flavouring found in Asian and South Asian cooking. It has been compared to a slightly green\/floral take on vanilla with a slight coconutty essence. The owner mentioned that they infuse their own pandan extract which makes for a less artificial pandan flavour than commercially available pandan extract. The pandan for me added a comforting, familiar aroma to the latte, which also had a noticeable matcha flavour. However I found the pandan just a bit too sweet and thus it overwhelmed the matcha. I would probably request for less pandan extract when ordering the matcha pandan latte again. \n\n4.25 stars. Looking forward to trying the iced Vietnamese coffee with condensed milk. Rustle and Still is a great addition to the neighbourhood and I can see myself stopping in again for my afternoon caffeine fix!