I could sum up the review for this place in one word: no. Or in three words: no, no, no. \n\nI'm told that ordering a meal a la carte is actually quite decent. Judging by our actual omakase experience, however, I'm incredibly skeptical. For starters, most of us were still hungry after our meal, even after filling up all day on beers, cupcakes, hotdogs, candy, sake, Hawaiian BBQ, Korean BBQ, you name it. Additionally, the only dish that brought out any sort of excited response from our group of eight was this plain fried chicken dish -- and even that quickly turned into a discussion of real fried chicken: KFC vs. Popeyes. Everything else was immediately forgettable. I was still wondering when \"the good part\" of meal was actually starting when they announced that the final dish was being brought out. Easily the worst omakase experience I've ever had anywhere. I'd sooner go to McDonald's and order a burger-flipping-high-school-kid's choice tasting menu. \n\nBut even with average food in small quantities, we could have had a decent meal and left. Nope. We were forced to wait an ungodly amount of time between each dish being presented. I'm talking ten minutes as an absolute minimum between the time our plates were cleared and the time a new dish was brought out. And since each \"dish\" is really just a tiny booger on a plate, that meant a lot of hangry people. To make the wait even more unbearable, there was horrible jazz music playing at barely-audible volume. This made us all incredibly sleepy and disinterested in conversation or food. It all just felt incredibly forced, like we were supposed to believe our meal was way more epic than it actually was due to the sheer amount of time spent in the establishment. Really doesn't work.\n\nNot sure what people mean about the absolutely necessary reservations. We showed up at 7pm on Saturday night and left after 9pm. I would think that should be the prime dinner period. Less than half the restaurant was occupied the entire time.