Great if you're in the mood for bar food snacks or a unique tasting sampler experience!\n\nWent here for Halloween and was intrigued with the name. \nFood was inexpensive although it came in small portions, it was great for sharing! You also kind of want to try a bunch of different things because the menu was so intriguing. If I was any hungrier I probably would've ordered a lot more too. \n\nI went with a group of 10-13 people and they provided good space for us even though we kind of separated a bit. A friend and I sitting together shared the following items:\n\n-Green tea infused pork: I got a super spicy dish, which is great because I love spicy food but I almost wondered whether or not I got the wrong plate of food because the description was nothing like I expected (basil, green tea leaves and pork).Super tasty though and my second favourite out of the four things we got. Nothing scary about this dish if you're hesitant of what to order, just take heed of it being spicy.\n\n-Kimchi fries: the crowd favourite! Seriously, if \"weird\" food combinations scare you, I highly doubt you'll hate this one. If you're unsure of what to order - get this. I hate kimchi (I believe it's pickled cabbage?) but I loved this dish. The \"fries\" are cute, stringy and thin. Completely unexpected of the normative fry. Didn't even see kimchi on the fries, which is great because that would've ruined it for me. The sauce on top (which was probably kimchi-inspired) tasted amazing. Great dish! \n\n-Hotdog stirfry: Nothing spectacular, Sweet Korean ketchup on some stir-fried onions and green peppers and hotdogs. Maybe this was underwhelming for me because my mom used to cook something similar, but still a good dish. \n\n-Squid and Pear: different. Tasted more like pear and sesame seeds. The squid wasn't overpowering, very subtle. It's good to try for the sake of trying, but wasn't my favourite of the bunch. \n\n\n Also got a drink:\n-Godiva White Chocolate, Mint & Soju: forgot the actual name but those are the ingredients. Never tried soju before but I know I love White Chocolate and Mint. Should've taken my waitress's advice and that it wasn't going to be a sweet alcoholic drink (which is what I was craving that night). Ended up giving it away because I found out I didn't like soju very much. A friend of mine did, so I gave it to him and he described it as very, very minty. This was the general consensus when people wanted to try sips. Not for me. \n\nGreat place, people were nice, staff seemed knowledgeable and friendly. Another group actually caused a disastrous mess\/spill beer and the waitress was calm, cool, collected and cleaned it up quickly without making a huge scene.