4-stars!\n\nThe Bagel Cafe is probably one of the only places in Las Vegas that comes close to being an authentic NY type deli eatery.  Must be, because this place is constantly packed full of folks!  East coast natives abound, I hear that 'Noo Yawkeh' accent on every other table!  Works for me!  As long as the food is good.\n\nFor what it's worth, The Bagel Cafe doesn't disappoint.  Matzo ball soup?  Get outa hea!  Bagels and lox?  Ahrite ahready!  Hand-cut deli sandwich with pickles?  Fawget aboutit!  All represented here plus much more!  I can't believe I've lived here so long and within a 10 minute drive from this place, should've been here sooner to eat!  Now we will probably visit on a monthly basis whenever the need comes for a big @$$ deli sandwich.\n\nThe Bagel Cafe is open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner on most days, but you will see that breakfast and lunch are their busiest times.  Want to eat there on the weekend for brunch?  Be careful of the time, the wait can be a bit long!  But if you're looking for good deli eats, the wait is worth it.  They're friendly, but they work quick!  You gotta be on your toes.  Don't give an attitude, because you just might get one back!  These New Yorkers don't take no $hi+!  Keep that in mind and you'll be fine.\n\nThe breakfast\/lunch crowd is gigantic but there are a lot of open spaces, except for maybe ONE.  Word is power couple Mayor Goodman and former mayor...ahem...Mayor Goodman, frequent The Bagel Cafe often and even have their own empty table waiting for them.  They must really like the place to have their own little spot!  Lucky.  Guess the rest of us non-mayors just have to wait like everyone else.\n\nFood overall looks delicious though and many reviews confirm this.  Pancakes and challah French toast are huge.  Potato pancakes and Eggs Benedict look fresh and hearty.  Omelets, damn they are pretty good in size.  As much as I love breakfast though, I go straight for the deli sandwiches.  Go big or go home!  Most sandwiches come in either the 1\/4 pound size (for you little babies), or 1\/2 pound size (for us big babies).  They all come with pickles, and your choice of potato salad, macaroni salad, pasta salad, coleslaw, or chips.  Some good eats-a-comin'!\n\nI enjoy building my own sandwich, and often end up with a 1\/2 pound behemoth of corned beef and pastrami on rye.  No wheat for me folks!  Give me that sucker, spread on some yellow mustard or the house brown mustard, and I'm ready to go!  I'll pound that 1\/2 pound till she is no more!  Luckily there's not too much bread to get in your way of succulent meat.  The Thurmann's meats they use at The Bagel Cafe are of great quality, the seasoning for me on the corned beef and pastrami are just right.  Bright, briny, and peppery.  Damn delicious.\n\nNow, sandwiches are not allowed to be shared at The Bagel Cafe (watch out they will charge you for sharing that), so they have a build your own sandwich platter made for TWO people (or one lucky piggy).  For the sandwich platter you get your choice of bread, choice of two sides, a slew of fresh pickled veggies, lettuce, tomato, onion, choice of cheese, and just over 1\/2 pound of up to three deli meats!  Sandwich platter of epic proportions!  Last time around the wifey and I chose corned beef, pastrami, and roast beef.  Yep, we overdid it just a tad.  So much food!  Best part?  This platter comes in at under $20!  We had enough to feed the two of us, plus share a bunch of deli cuts with the kids!  You can choose whatever deli meats you like on the menu, I hear the roast turkey and the tongue (yes - unctuous beef tongue) are good choices as well.\n\nThe Bagel Cafe also does authentic deli dinners - classic choices like lamb shank, stuffed cabbage, liver and onions, and chopped steak.  I will have to be back for dinner one day!  For now, I am more than happy with a fatty deli sandwich.\n\nIf you can't dine in, The Bagel Cafe will gladly do take-out, they have a full service bakery and deli on the opposite side of the dining room.  Need a dozen bagels for home, or a large side of NY cheesecake?  All this can be had and more, no big wait.  \n\nGet some chutzpah and bring your butts over here to The Bagel Cafe!  Don't be a friggin' putz!\n\nI will be back!