I can't make this stuff up. Please keep reading. -5000 stars if I could. Sent corporate a complaint 5 times and no response. Fck this place. Back to planet Hollywood I go.\n\nMy significant other and I checked in and headed up to our room. We entered our room and began to settle in.  I noticed that there was blood on the bathroom door.  I called Guest Services to complain, just to find more blood all over the room.  Splatters of blood on the walls, floors, and chair.  I immediately began to panic and demanded to get escorted out of the room.  No one came to escort us down to Guest Services.  Instead, a housekeeper came to inform us that she will be doing a deep cleaning.  Appalled, I immediately told her that I am not interested in a deep cleaning and refuse to stay in that room.  When I went to Guest Services to file a complaint, they did not seem to be comforting or making it a priority.  They just offered a new room. Luckily, I did not have a cut on my hands or touched it and got sick.  After complaining, the manager then offered to waive the resort fees.  There is no excuse to justify why I had to go through that type of experience.  I have never encountered anything so horrific after visiting to Vegas multiple times.  I wanted to give the Linq a try and ended up leaving with a bad experience.  That is not all.  I checked into the second room Guest Services assigned me to, and found a condom wrapper on the floor.  My question is, \"does the housekeeping crew even clean?\"  I felt sick to my stomach the whole time I was there. I was paranoid, scared to sit or lay on anything.  This is unacceptable and I took pictures of this incident for my own reference.  I showed the manager (his name was Kelly) the pictures but do not feel comfortable sending the pictures or having some type of connection to an incident I have no idea about.  If staff was professional, they could have escorted me out, take pictures of the incident on their own, and document this incident.  This problem could have been resolved in so many different ways.  \n\nP.S room don't have lotion. Was ashy all weekend. Thanks linq.