I feel such a necessity to spend 1 hour of my time to register on Yelp and write this review in a sunny saturday after the experience in Flict to get my supposedly stylish haircut. \n\ni was looking  for a stylish haircut that will cut very little so i can grow it out for my wedding but still look good for now. It was a little confusing communication at the begining when i communicated about the purpose and asking his professional opinion, there wasn't much communicated back to me on how its gonna look. He then tell me lets talk about it later because its a busy day. So i decided to be quiet and trust him. I mean, he does do haircut for a living. he then precede to do the root coloring and spend only 5 minutes on my haircut. \n\nAfterwards, as most of the young woman who wants to look good, i was upset but politely tell him its a straight-line on the back, and tried really hard not to say it looks like a stay home mom cutting her 7 years old daughter with a pair of kitchen scissors. I then asked for  a little more touch to have a little style, he then spend about 5 minutes convincing me that its a transitional cut and i should wait for my hair to grow longer to style it. I insisted that i will layer it or cut the front whatever that will make me not like this  going through holiday seasons, to give the credit, he did offer me for a touch up in another day, though with quite an annoyed face. then i walked out decided that i will not put my precious hair right before holiday in his hand. \n\nin a conclusion. I did not know that in a hairstylist professional opinion, just because i am in a transition phase with shoulder length hair, i i need to look like a middle schooler with home haircut for 3 months before having a good haircut. I also did not know that a root touch coloring and a 5 minutes haircut will cost 130 dollars. i don't mind paying a lot for hair if i can walk out feeling like a superstar, but walking out feeling like went back to that awkward teenager age with braces again is just a little too much to bear