The best waffle I've had in Charlotte, no 'maybe' or 'probably' needed, just a freaky good waffle! I normally trek the North side of the QC but today I had a co-worker in need of help in Ballantyne. Afterwards, both starving and half-lost, I decided to fire up the ol' Yelp Search for a quick bite to eat. Thus, here I find myself at Cast Iron!\n\nIts a cute, warm coffee bar that serves waffles, waffles, and more waffles. They have 'speciality' waffles, 'DELUXE' waffles, plain waffles, and even frozen waffles to take home. How could they be any better than your average hotel continental breakfast? These are Liege-Style Belgian waffles. Made with more of a dough than a batter, and mixed with a coarse sugar that contributes to the unique texture, these are a true delight if you've never had one. You're probably going to think that the waffle is small at first, but I'd say that one Liege waffle is equivalent to 2 regular ones.\n\nToday I got the berries & cream waffle that's Topped with strawberries, blueberries, and fresh whipped cream. First off the waffle, somehow chewy and airy at the same time. Just the right amount of bite and the coarse sugar I mentioned gives the denser body a nice contrast. They don't sweeten the whipped cream (or if they do it's very little) which works great with the sweeter waffle, and of course the fruit contributes to the sugar content anyway. It was just a splendid and filling breakfast in such a compact dish!\n\nTheir iced coffee is great as well. I'm starting to get more and more accustomed to no sugar with my coffee and their custom blend is perfect for this. I did add a splash of half and half only to cut the sharper notes a bit, but I would drink it black if offered!\n\nA bit surprised that they don't have bacon or eggs here, but as I said, the waffle alone is very filling. I still think it would make a good addition for a more complete breakfast destination. The staff is pleasant and know their menu very well, as I heard them patiently explaining the menu to another customer who was undecided.\n\nNext time I'm in the mood for outstanding waffles, I won't hesitate to drive down here!