After my recent visit to La Tagura, I am tempted to change their Yelp category to Soul Food.  While it doesn't fit the strict culinary definition of soul food, the food served here truly satisfies the soul of those who consume it.  And with each flavor-filled bite, it's obvious that the kitchen is putting their heart and soul into each dish they prepare.  I appreciate how the restaurant extracted so much flavor from the food despite working with the simplest of ingredients.  If you appreciate this style of cooking, it worth making the trip to Madison's north side.  \n\nThe restaurant is a bare bones operation; don't expect pictures of the interior to show up in the next issue of Martha Stewart Living.  The interior is small with clean golden yellow walls, decorated with various Venezuelan knick-knacks.  A muted flat screen mounted on the wall shows a looping slideshow of pictures from Venezuela.  The standard issue table and chairs and the drop ceiling also fit right into the basic diner décor theme.  \n\nYou order at the counter and they call out your number when your food is ready.  The owner asked us if we had eaten at La Taguara before.  When we said we had not, he enthusiastically provided us with a guided tour of the menu.  He pointed out the most popular items on the menu and deftly explained the differences between arepas, empanadas and pastelitos.   \n\nI decided to go with the pernil (roasted pork) arepa lunch special ($7.99), which included a choice of soup or salad.\n\nThe soup option I selection, the sancocho, was a combination of vegetables, beef and chicken in a delightfully flavorful broth and helped awaken my taste buds for the rest of my meal.\n\nThe arepa is a Venezuelan version of the pita sandwich.  The pocket bread is made from a white corn meal fried on the grilled behind the front counter.  While the exterior was not crispy, it still provided a pleasant textural contrast with the shredded pork interior.  Like the soup, the pork was expertly prepared, fork-tender and well seasoned.  It was a wee bit dry but that was quickly remedied by added the tantalizing guasacaca sauce to the sandwich.  If you have never tried this staggeringly tasty combination of avocado, fresh parsley and coriander, green bell pepper, onion, garlic, salt, oil and vinegar, get off your hindquarters and make a beeline to La Taguara.  It alone is worthy of a pilgrimage to this north side eatery.\n\nMy dining companion, who grew up in Bolivia, was equally impressed with his order of Pabellon (black beans, white cheese, shredded beef, rice and deep fried sweet plantain and an arepa).\n\nI am not alone in my enthusiasm for the food at La Taguara.  There was a steady flow of customers streaming through the restaurant on a Tuesday lunch service.  Do yourself a favor and join them.