In the home stretch now and we're finally in some familiar territory; first stop I need my fix from Carlsbad! I have been going to this place for about 12 years now, spent literally 1000s of dollars and wasted eons (and my trusty liver) at the bar. I always like to introduce new friends to the joint, specifically for Green Chile Stew and the Carne Adovada, which can vary in Scoville units dramatically on a daily basis. Since the last drive was from Amarillo to Phoenix I had a lot of time on my hands to patiently wait for the gorge and once again I didn't let myself down. \n\nAt the bat cave, things always start with an ice cold Negro Modelo and perhaps a shot of Gran Centenario Reposado...this is a requisite in my company. The stew is such my comfort food, thick and juicy with potatoes, carrots, tons of hot green chile & roasted pork, then covered in Colby jack and served with a tortilla. If you need any extra heat they have habanero hot sauce plus chipotle so you and your toilet are covered there. I don't know if it has magical powers or if it's just the combination of tequila, beer and the hot chile endorphin rush but I always walk out floating in my shoes and wanting more...so much so that I went back the next day to procure two quarts of green chile stew to take back home to my baby. Next, if you have never had Carne Adovada, go, go now, and seek out the majestic dish dating back to mayan or...well frankly I have no idea, but it's F'ing tasty. First they take Pork Roast and heavily marinate it in Red Chile for up to 18 hrs, then it's slow and low roasted for like a day. It just falls apart when it arrives, and the heat can be deafening, or not, depending on which Sadist is slinging beans on that particular day. It is always served piping hot with black beans and rice, and flour or blue corn tortillas to sop up the crimson mess. Top it off with about six more Negros and you are in a happy place--every time. Salud!\n\nSidebar: just watch your speed driving in Scottsdale, because AZ is now a police state. If the pigs don't nab you, the speed cameras surely will. Vote Libertarian.