Now I feel fat. Oh boy...\n\nFat Boy has been around for at least a few years, but it took a while for me get to them even after they opened up this, their second store. I followed a food truck to the neighborhood and realized it was right across the street from this restaurant, so I went here first. It was quiet in the mid-morning until a birthday party full of young kids and their mothers arrived, and then all heck broke loose. I'd definitely suggest dining in unless you leave nearby.\n\nAll orders are taken at the counter right below a huge version of their menu, which is full of casual, comforting food featuring \"boygers\" and \"boyrritos\" (cutesy pronunciations of burgers and burritos) as well as sandwiches, quesadillas, pizza, chicken, sides, and the unusually out-of-place salads. They also do larger family-size orders that could be nice for a group. I wanted to try more things, but I was pretty stuck as a solo diner and only was able to get to a few items.\n\nDouble Cheese Boyger ($5.74) - bun, patties, cheese, chipotle mayo, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pickles, relish, mustard. Also added bacon ($0.95) to mine. I'll note that the monster versions are larger and have thousand island instead of mayo, per the cashier, and that this size of a burger is plenty of lunch, per yours truly.\n\nAll the ingredients are delicious and harmonious, and nothing is wasted, although the bacon may not have been entirely necessary. Yes, I even enjoyed the bun and the pickles, and I didn't mind the gray meat. It's definitely one of the best casual burgers around, and I did not miss the lack of the thousand island style of sauce.\n\nFries ($1.75) - I went with the fat fries, which are steak fries. They're properly seasoned, unlike one popular alliterative avian chain, and they're cooked to a nice crunchy golden brown. I really appreciated the traditional plastic ketchup bottle (which the cook brought out cold alongside my order) because it was easy to squeeze small amounts directly onto the thick fries. I'd like to try the skinny fries next time to make a comparison. Those fries can probably work with the usual squirt-then-dip ketchup method.\n\nPhilly Cheese Steak ($5.99) - I simply haven't found a great version of this sandwich yet, and this one pretty much matched my low expectations. Decent chewy bread, thinly shaved steak, melted cheese, and onions, bell peppers, and mushrooms sound great, and while I did enjoy it as a to-go \/ leftover dish, this kinda sandwich just doesn't ever seem to pop for some reason. I wish that I'd been able to use a cheese sauce, which really does seem to help this type of sandwich out.\n\nI'll definitely be back to Fat Boy to get more boygers and to try out some other options. Henderson may not have all the types of non-chain businesses that I want, but places like this are showing that it doesn't lack for good food.