Pinch me... I must be dreaming!  A real hand-pulled noodle place here in the desert?  Wow... and it's not a mirage...!\nWe visited on 2011-06-02 after yelping for restaurants nearby.... gotta say, this place will make you both happy and sad!\nHappy... Found the place... Sad... It's hidden around the corner from Lee Lee and we almost missed it...\nHappy... Watching the guy making hand-pulled noodles in the kitchen... Sad... Wish we'd ordered more variety to see how he does each...\nHappy... Good variety to choose from on the menu... Sad... can't decide...\nHappy... Really yummy, fresh noodles... Sad... I overate....\nHappy... Each dish could easily feed 2 people... Sad... No leftovers to take home...\nHappy... Great prices for what you get... Sad... Cash preferred...\nHappy... Bright, clean interior of restaurant... Sad... the outside doesn't reflect the inside...\nHappy... There's now a real noodle house in the valley.... Sad... I live about 20 miles away....\nSeriously... once you've had fresh hand-pulled noodles, you'll never be satisfied with dry-packaged noodles again.  The texture and taste is amazing.  We decided to try two preparations; a soup noodle (beef brisket), and a dry-style noodle (spicy beef with XO sauce).  We stayed with the one preparation (the pulled noodles) just to see how the noodles are under each preparation.  Verdict: Both rocked!  \nOkay, I know it's a noodle house, but as good as the noodles are, they need something to convey flavor... and this place delivers.  The noodle soup has a nicely flavored broth, chunks of brisket, and vegetables.  As others have stated, the ratio is about 3-1 in favor of noodles, but hey, it is a noodle house.  Oh yeah... it's a big bowl.  The spicy beef with XO sauce really stands out... the XO sauce wasn't very pronounced, but it was there.  It's a huge plate... and it's served in front of you (translation: you eat the whole thing).  It really can serve 2 people... I thought I'd take some leftovers home... but somehow, everything evaporated off my plate and I was somehow a bit heavier... it was just that good!\nThe complimentary boiled peanuts and pickled carrot radish appetizer does wake up your taste buds.  Nice touch.\nAmbiance?  Hey, it's a chinese restaurant.... pretty austere... but it is clean, and it is fun to watch the guy through the kitchen window as he stands in front of the window and dazzles you with his noodle pulling skills... man, he is fast!\nNot ready to give it 5 stars yet... but mainly because I've eaten all over the world and have had some amazing food in a lot of cities... but this place is darn good and could compete in SanFran, Toronto, LA, and a few other asian centers known for good food.  I'll also reserve a star after a couple more visits when I try some of their other offerings....