This year my parents decided to ditch cooking and have Thanksgiving in Vegas. It ended up just being them, my boyfriend and me, and my best friend who had Thanksgiving dinner at Old Homestead Steakhouse. \n\nWe had reservations so we were seated right away. We had the most awesome waiter ever...I wish I remembered his name so I could give him a shout out! He made our dining experience great, my dad even asked him to sit down and have a drink with us since we liked him so much! He didn't, but it would have been fun.\n\nThis place was great! And the prices were pretty reasonable, between all the food we ordered and multiple cocktails, our bill was only $400 after my 10% off Yelp check in offer and the fact that we got the Total Rewards Pricing. That is not bad for a nice steakhouse!\n\nWe ordered....\n\nGarlic Bread (two orders of it actually) - This is not typical garlic bread. It is served on a huge plate, with light, airy pieces of toast stacked up on one end, and the entire bottom of the plate is filled with a delicious garlicky Alfredo type sauce to dip the toast in. Brilliant idea, very tasty.\n\nFrench Onion Soup - My boyfriend and friend ordered this. Very rich, lots of sherry, great cheese on top, loaded with onions. I really enjoyed this.\n\nMaine Lobster Bisque - This was the only letdown of the meal for me. Instead of large pieces of lobster, there was a small round of minced lobster in the bottom of the bowl, then the bisque was poured over that. The lobster itself tasted good, but the bisque was too fishy and there was something missing. We never figured out what it was, but both my stepmom and I ordered this, and neither of us cared for this much. \n\nPorterhouse Steak for Three - The four of them decided they wanted to split the Porterhouse. My stepmom had been to this restaurant before and she said they could get the Porterhouse for two, and it would be enough for the four of them. My men didn't believe her, so they ordered the steak for three. Good lord! I wish I was able to get a picture of that steak, but the servers dish it out to everybody as soon as it arrives. That thing was MASSIVE! And my stepmom was right, there was steak leftover. If I had decided to have the Porterhouse as well, the portion for three people would have easily fed all five of us. And it's such a good deal, only $142 which worked out to $35 per person. I highly recommend getting that steak, it was tasty and very affordable. \n\n8 oz Petite Filet - I ordered this Medium with a side of Truffle Butter. It was definitely a bit rarer than Medium, but it was good. They give you enough Truffle Butter to pass around, there was probably as much butter as there was steak. Very rich, very decadent, a perfect steak for me!\n\nYukon Gold Mashed Potatoes - Good, but nothing special. Very simple mashed potatoes.\n\nTater Tots with Fat Boy Sauce - The tots were great, they had a nice consistency, the dipping sauce was some sort of sour cream mixture with huge pieces of thick cut bacon mixed in. I liked these. \n\nMac & Four Cheeses - A very good, but simple, Mac and Cheese. \n\nCauliflower Gratin - Awesome roasted cauliflower with cheese. I think this was my favorite side, we should have ordered two of these, as the sides are pretty small and there was definitely not enough of all five of us to have a lot of the gratin.\n\nAs I stated before, the service was impeccable. We never waited for anything, our waiter was constantly bringing us more cocktails and wine, refills on water never took long. The ambiance in this restaurant was nice, very dark, and they were playing lounge covers of 90's pop songs, which I found funny. I would definitely come back to this steakhouse when I am in Vegas, especially for that Garlic Bread!