ok here is my story:  one evening i start getting some chest pains.  i tried tums, ect.  nothing helped.  aftera  couple of hours, my husband insists on taking me to the closest ER.  we go in, they take my information and we wait.  and wait.  they take my blood.  we wait. they get a chest xray.  we wait.  they do an ekg.  we wait.   oh did i mention that the ER was virtually deserted?  two other people came in while we were waiting.  i finally get back to a room, where i am told that they do all the testing before the patient see the dr so the dr can be fully informed.  while this makes sense, when the patient is a mid 40's women with chest pains.....does it really make sense?   anyway i finally get to see a dr. i give my medical history for the 3rd time.  the nurse gives me morphine and nitro then leaves.  after awhile, i start to feel bad. real bad.  i hit my 'call' button several times and NO ONE responds. i pass out and start seizing; luckily my husband was with me and runs into the hall yelling for help.  (so he tells me; i can't vouch for it since i was out of it).  i wake up to a dr thumping my chest saying 'ok we got her back, there she is'.  DAMN!   turns out they gave me a combination of meds that caused my BP to drop so low that i damn near died.  if my husband hadn't been there i would have died since NO ONE responded to the call button. \nthen they decide gee guess we better keep her overnight just in case. meanwhile, my pain is still there. it feels like a steel band is around my chest. the admitting dr is someone else entirely and again i have to give my medical history.  do these people not talk to each other?\nso i go from there to the observation unit were the nurses were terrific.  couldn't ask for better care--charity, denise, jan, ect they were all wonderful.   \ni had a ct scan, an ultrasound, cardio enyzemes, and no sleep.  i finally get to check out @ 12 on 6\/14.  today i get the bill for it.  i was there for about 12 hours, they damn near killed me, i had 1 xray, 1 ct, 1ultrasound, various blood draws, 3 morphine shots and 3 blood draws.  oh and lets not forget the wonderful breakfast.   all this comes to a total of ..........(drum roll please) $16,300.00.    and they have no idea what was causing the chest pain and recommend.............. further testing.\nnext time maybe i will try john c lincoln.