** 100th Review ** \n\nI had been anticipating this lunch for a few days. Delmonico has been a favorite of mine but I hadn't dined there for a year. And, I was meeting esteemed London Yelper Yee Gan O., who was on one of his dining and roller coaster trips across America. Talking with Yee Gan was great. In fact, our conversation was so animated that our server asked if we wanted him to remain away, because we were discussing business. I told him that it wasn't business we were discussing, and he was thus welcome to hover over us. But, besides the consistency of the Bearnaise Sauce, the one complaint I have is that on this outing the waitstaff did not come close to hovering. I had to ask for a second roll, Iced Tea refills occurred but not too frequently, and an empty butter dish remained empty. This was in sharp contrast to my earlier visits to Delmonico where I could barely get a glass down to half full before it was refilled, and when a new roll appeared as soon as an old one disappeared. The restaurant was not very crowded at all, so being too busy could not legitimately account for the laggard service. It wasn't so much our server but our assistant server who fell down on the job. He was responsible for refilling glasses, resupplying rolls, and making sure sufficient butter was available on the table. \n\nNow on to the meal itself! My Lobster Bisque was very smooth, creamy, and flavorful, with a few morsels of sweet lobster to nibble on as garnish. It was all I hoped for! The Caesar Salad that followed was better than I expected. It was very tasty, with very fresh Romaine lettuce leaves and long croutons that when broken spread cheesy garlic flavor all over the lettuce, to join with the Parmesan splinters that were liberally spread over all. It was an excellent dish! \n\nMy Filet Mignon looked forlorn on the plate. Only a large pat of Maitre D' Butter appeared beside it. A little pink blood was also pooled on the plate beneath the meat, which to me was a good sign. The Prime grade Filet was cooked almost all medium rare to order, but a few spots were closer to medium, and the steak was more peppery than I prefer. Otherwise it tasted very good. It could have tasted even better had I not forgotten to order Bearnaise Sauce until the steak arrived at our table. That was my fault, and it probably contributed to the drama that followed. But the Filet on my plate was not a $50 steak, which is what I paid for it. For that price--especially at lunch--I expect the Filet to be great. This one was very good but not great. Its size was not listed, but it was no more than 8 oz. \n\nOur server immediately put in the order for Bearnaise Sauce, but it did not arrive for several minutes. He then made a point of telling me that the chef makes Bearnaise Sauce to order, and was preparing a new batch for me. A few minutes later, as I chipped away at more steak without any sauce, still no sauce had appeared. So I ate more of my steak, which was at least still tasty standing on its own. Then the Bearnaise Sauce at last arrived, but it was runny and not very flavorful. It looked like it needed to set longer, so I left it alone for about two minutes, but the consistency remained thin after then. Again, my tardiness in ordering the sauce probably caused the chef to rush its preparation, so I take partial responsibility for an imperfect Bearnaise on this occasion. Let this be a lesson to all diners: Order Bearnaise Sauce when you order your steak--not when it arrives! \n\nAs I ate my steak, I looked longingly at Yee Gan's Lobster Sliders, which looked delectable. But I'll let him report on that as well as the Traditional New Orleans Gumbo that he also ordered, which looked delicious as well, and that I have enjoyed before. But Delmonico is first and foremost a steakhouse, and I wanted to review one of its steaks. (However, I may slip in again soon and order Lobster Sliders on my next lunch outing there.) \n\nMy side of Country Smashed Potatoes was a smash hit, with creamy red-skinned potatoes with a little of the skin showing, a few circles of green onion sprinkled on top, and including some very tasty lumps of potato that quickly dissolved in the mouth. I was going to take the remaining uneaten half of this quite large side dish home, it tasted so good--but forgot to do so, for which I am still kicking myself. For dessert, Yee Gan and I split a generous slice of Emeril's renowned Banana Cream Pie, which was top-heavy with Whipped Cream, filled with luscious pieces of banana, and also bedecked with Chocolate Shavings and Caramel Sauce. As I savored each bite, I tried to conjure up how to best describe the taste of this concoction, and one word stood out: \"heavenly.\" The only comparable Banana Cream Pie I have eaten is the last one I had at Delmonico. And, this one was better by a shaving. \n\nOverall, a very good lunch with great company!