Yikes, yikes, yikes. Without my Groupon I would have left here a very, very unhappy camper. Luckily, my friend and I were dining on a Groupon I purchased so I just left disappointed and will never be back.\n\nThis \"English\" pub has really no Brit to it, besides the interior and the look of the place, which feels more like it is too big for its own britches. With Americana rock n roll playing overhead and volleyball and basketball playing on the TVs I was having a WTF moment the whole time we dined. Add to that the as always menu you will find anywhere for a \"British\" establishment in Las Vegas. A majority of the menu is Americana grub food, not British. \n\nOkay, so what about the food? I was highly disappointed in both my choices. I got the clam chowder - hardly a chowder, mostly white congealed broth with clams in it. When it arrived at the table it had a sheen on it, like it had been sitting around all day in a big colander in the back. I had to pepper the hell out of it to get flavor. Next - the \"pub dip\" - whatever it is called - it sucks. It is a ciabatta type roll with meandering wads of meat pushed into it served with au jus and a horrid tasting horseradish. I don't know what was wrong with the horseradish, but I'm glad I got it on the side. Why serve this sandwich on a ciabatta roll I must ask, why?! A dip should have nice, squishy, soft bread to soak up the au jus! I was severely disappointed with my meal.\n\nMy friend has the fish and chips, and the \"chips\" were fries. Yes, in case you're wondering, \"chips\" are typically much fatter than the ones they serve at Firkin. She said though that the fish was good, but the batter was a bit heavy.\n\nAnd lastly - my friend ordered a cider drink and received a Boddington's. Of course, I didn't notice this until she offered the half-drunk drink to me because she said she didn't like it. As I took a big swig, expecting cider, I was awash with the taste of British beer... because I have had Boddington's before. And indeed - there on our receipt it even said one pint of Boddington's. Since the transgression had happened to so long ago, and all I really wanted to do was leave this establishment, which had hardly any patrons in it - we relented and paid our bill.\n\nNever again frickin Firkin. FRICK I wish I'd never come here!