After all the hype and hoopla...after witnessing the never ending lineups...after months of anticipation...really? I mean....REALLY? People were standing in minus 15 degree celsius weather? I was annoyed from having to wait in the warm entryway for 30 mins! Geez frickin' louise. I really wanted to love Kazu and even forced myself to start over in my opinion once seated, but again....REALLY? Perhaps I lack patience and need more than a few inches of personal space, but I just don't understand why anyone would stand in a line to eat here...the food is good, but is it really that much better than anywhere else? Hell, I'd much rather throw back a bowl of pho a couple doors down at Vip Pho Saigon.  Yes, I realize it's Vietnamese not Japanese...blah blah blah....after not being able to feel my fingers and toes I would have eaten warm ANYTHING.\nThe green tea is made from matcha powder....no biggie, but still to be noted.\nService is fast and extremely friendly...food presentation outstanding....atmosphere is infectious. But the lines and the space just dampen the whole experience.\nWe ate: gyozas...very good. Chicken wings: delicious flavor, but wet...do not order them if you like a crispy wing. Okonomiyaki: the shrimp pancake...I found the pancake to be slightly gummy...all the flavours together were great, would I go back to order this ever again? No. Bibimbap was typical...nothing spectacular. I just don't see the monumental difference between Kazu and any other izakaya resto. Maybe it's a montreal thing. There was a lot of fat on the pork too. ..and I don't mind fat, so I guess  there was TOO much fat on the pork. 48 hour pork: I have read other reviews instructing us to order the 48 hour pork  \"a must have\".....it was tasty, tender, but again...nothing we couldn't find anywhere else any time of day??!! I mean I could slow cook this with my eyes closed??!!! (I am expecting a major backlash for this statement-ha)\nThe shrimp burger was delicious...out of this world delicious crispy and cream saucy, but the furthest thing from a healthy dish...I may have clogged an artery.  \n\nAll in all, I just kept thinking ....what am I missing? Everything we ate was good and had tried not to be affected with high expectations. Would I jump through hoops to eat there again? No.  Stand in the freezing cold for an entire hour and then knock elbows with my neighbor?  Hell, no. \nHere's one less person that'll be waiting in that line...