Now, I love Downtown Vegas. No, seriously I love it down there. It's just so gritty and old school the way Vegas should be. While the Fremont Street Experience is a nice piece of technology, I almost wish they would pull that roof up and let the open air back. At the end of the stretch of neon that is Glitter Gulch rests the topless bar of the same name. A neon dancing cowgirl prances overhead while on the LCD screens on each side of the doors a video loop of some hired models beckon.\n\nNow, I don't normally go to strip clubs. I just don't see the sense in buying in hundreds of dollars for a woman that you'll never get to sleep with or even have a relationship with. That's just me. I do understand the desire to chill out with a few drinks with beautiful women shaking their lovely lady parts around, though. I'm no stranger to strip clubs but let's just say that it's not my preferred choice of entertainment.\n\nSo one day after my wife got off work, we decided to walk into Glitter Gulch. I figured it would be fun to just hang out for a bit and have my wife oogle over some other breasts for awhile. The place is somewhat small and in comparison to places like Sapphire or even the classic Olympic Garden, it's not nearly as swanky. But this is Fremont Street and we weren't expecting the facade of the glam. In fact, we even kind of liked it. \n\nThe cover was reasonable and included our first two drinks. Not a bad deal. My wife and I were enjoying our very strong drinks (Rum and Diet for her, Bourbon and Coke for me) and a good conversation. We noticed that some ladies were much more sexier than others. A dark-haired brunette with tats on her shoulder caught my lady's eye. It didn't take long for that dancer to swoop on over and push on us for a private dance.\n\nNow, my wife is VERY new to this sort of thing and she was ready for a single lap dance, but the dancer kept urging us both to go to the VIP room. We kindly turned her down. It's not that we didn't want to but that we just weren't ready for that at the moment. \n\nWell, that's all it took for things to take a wrong turn. Despite our frivolous giving of singles and fives (totaling nearly $60 + our drinks in about an hour's time), we received very little attention. The security guard kept giving us \"the evil eye\" making feel even more uncomfortable. So we decided to leave.\n\nWould we come back... maybe?\n\nMy $.02 Cents:\n3 Stars - This place is danky, dark, and small. But in a good way. Drinks are stiff but some of the girls can get pushy sometimes. This place would rock without the attitude. Encourage people to hang out and you might actually get more loyal customers.