Im going to start this review by saying this..I DONT BS...if a business deserves a bad review i knock their block off. You dont believe? or are skeptical? Check my other reviews. I am a straight shooter and i tell it like it is. With that said,when i came in here to get a new puppy I was very worried about the reviews I had read.Naturally ,I started to ask questions.My questions were answered to my satisfaction,in fact I asked a lot of questions in general.All were satisfactorily answered ,without a defensive attitude. When you have a string of reviews on a business like this one that are so bad,it would be very easy to get touchy as I am sure that people have a preconception when coming in or after reviewing yelp. All i can say is the following.I think having the right sales person helps a lot. there are a lot of younger employees here and to expect them to be polished is not realistic. I got lucky and was helped by Marisa. She is clearly polished and knows what shes doing.I can respect that as i would offer no less to my customers. the other problem i think is that pets (animals) are a highly charged subject and people get very uptight and emotional if there is an issue.weather it be that the responsibility is just too much or they cant afford the pet or the pet gets sick. We are speaking of a living breathing animal not a lamp shade.And it does take time and resources to handle them.This is not only a time and emotional commitment it is also a monetary commitment. As far as people who say don't buy from puppy mills I understand how you must feel about it,however all this PC talk is really getting out of hand.People are entitled to conduct business as they wish.No one has the right to guilt them or shame them. It is a personal choice and thats all i have to say about that. As far as attitudes regarding the staff in general.I just didnt see it,my experience was different. And before people start to jump on me about buying a pet in a store,believe me when i tell you that I looked all over and just couldn't find the right match for what I wanted at shelters . Anyways...on to the review in general.\n\nI have enjoyed my purchase,we decided on a papillon and she is adorable. She did have a worm issue but thats the way it goes.However,as part of the purchase if you hook up with their vet who is west charleston (will review separately) then petland will pay for all medications until the issue has been resolved. It happens these are living creatures not robots they can get sick.There are also other perks to buying the animals from petland,such as a generous supply of different foods and supplements.\n\nI would also like to say that my salesperson has been outstanding.Willing to take my calls even after hours to discuss strategies for training. I would also like to add that I have been back numerous times to purchase all sorts of goodies for the new princess :). I am pleased to report that we are all very happy and I am sure that she will be a source of enjoyment and love for many years to come.\n\nBased upon my experience I could not be more pleased to recommend them for your pet purchases. All i can say is that if you intend upon being the keeper of a life that you are prepared for the responsibility that entails. If you are then I am sure that you will have a wonderful new companion!