This is the worst grocery store ever!\n\nI once stopped in to pick up sun-dried tomatoes. I could not find them. I also could not find an employee to ask. The lady at the deli counter did not understand one single word that I said but she tried to summon another employee to help but we waited around for like 10 minutes before realizing he was never showing up. Found some more employees; NO ONE in the entire store even knew what a sun-dried tomato was. How is that possible? You work in a grocery store!\n\nOn my last visit, I was searching for some juice. My husband asked a cashier who told us to look where we had already unsuccessfully looked and then after we walked away, proceeded to shout more unhelpful advice at us from across the store. Finally, after searching through the aisles which are organized in the least intuitive, most nonsensical manner possible, we found what we were looking for. But our adventure was not over!\n\nThere was one cashier who was actually at a register, and when we went to stand in his line he just stared at us blankly while continuing to count out his cash drawer. Um, ok. We had a lot of stuff but we took the hint and went to self check-out.\n\nWELL THAT WAS A MISTAKE! We had a few issues with stuff not ringing up properly and coupons and whatever and we kept needing the lady in charge of self check-out to help us. My husband apologized to her on one of these visits by explaining that we tried to go to a real cashier instead of self check-out but he did not appear to be accepting customers at the time. Instantly I realized something was wrong. The self check-out lady was PISSED. He thought she was joking until she came back and went on and on about how she'd never been so insulted, no one had ever said anything like that to her, she'd worked there 20-some years so she was a REAL CASHIER, etc. It was the most absurd scenario, like a Seinfeld plot or something. It went on and on and I got mad and it devolved from there.\n\nI recommend this store if you like not being able to find anything on your shopping list without an extensive and exhausting search followed by a screaming match with an Albertsons employee. I KNOW I DO!