If I learned anything from reading Donald Trump's self-help books, it is to surround yourself with beauty. One day a week, I strive to surround myself with beauty. This philosophy brought me to Red Rock Canyon's La Madre Springs this past Saturday.\n\n This is what the Red Rock Canyon Keystone Visitor Guide says about La Madre Trail, \"The trail starts at the Willow Springs Picnic Area. The first segment involves walking up part of the 4x4 Rocky Gap Road. These springs are a good place to watch for wildlife including desert bighorn sheep.\" It also says that it is a 3.3 mile hike that takes around 2 hours. \n\n  Now this is what I have to say. Generally speaking, the La Madre Trail is two separate segments. There is a concurrency with the Rocky Gap Road (travels northwest) and the La Madre Springs Trail proper  (travels north). From the 13-Mile Scenic Drive (mile marker 7) to the Willow Springs Picnic Area parking lot, the road is pavement. Hikers share the road with motor vehicles. This is the only part of the hike with toilet facilities. Past the Willow Springs Picnic Area parking lot, the road develops into a rocky dirt road. Hikers share the road with off road vehicles. The Rocky Gap Road segment of the hike travels through a valley of awe-inspiring mountains. Throughout the majority of the hike, the mountain to the right has a presence. Past the valley, the trail leaves the Rocky Gap Road to travel up a gradual change in elevation. Very gradually, the trail travels away from the mountain to the right at a 45-degree angle. As the trail gradually climbs elevation on a rocky and sandy surface, greenery supplants the desert.  To the left in the distance the Spring Mountains tower over the forest. This is Red Rock Canyon's back yard. In a sense La Madre Springs Trail travels through a wide valley between Red Rock Canyon and the Spring Mountains. The uphill climb is so gradual that the trail's rocky surface is relatively safe. Ironically, it is the few steps in elevation from the trail to La Madre Springs that has been a slip hazard. When La Madre Trail travels further from the mountain to the right, and what looks like a bluff straight ahead, La Madre Springs will be approaching on the right. On the way there will be a junction for the White Rock Loop. Pass over turning right, and stay straight.\n\n   La Madre Springs is small in size and large in charm. It is a place to relax with nature. It is a serene soundtrack of running water and singing birds. \n\n The walk back to the parking lot is downhill. The mountain that was to the right, now looks prettier on the left. The downhill turns and straightaways award the hiker with incredible vistas of the mountain. I highly recommend timing the walk back at sundown when the sun illuminates the mountains. This is a nature scene that is as good as it gets.\n\n  This was my forth time doing this hike. Every time I hiked it I never had the problem finding a parking spot, which is contrary to the trail heads prior to mile marker 7.\n\n  Hiking is about experiencing the unexpected. This weekend it was an unexpected experience to hike in a  winter wonderland in the desert. It was a winter wonderland with the snow covered Spring Mountains towering over a snow covered forest and cacti (I included pictures). The awesome thing about the La Madre Springs Trail is that the scenery is never exactly the same.\n\n  When I surround myself with beauty on the La Madre Springs Trail, I leave my cell phone reception behind. From my experience, the reception has been nonexistent to the point that check-ins are useless. Nature is the Duke of the La Madre Springs Trail. So please respect it, and have a safe and happy hike.