To be brief: my wife, brothers, sisters, family and friends will NOT be coming back to this little shop of seafood horror. What happend? You are asking. Maybe he's new to this? I am not. I've eaten at many seafood and cajun places. I will keep this brief as i can. i need to literally throw up my disappointing meal. We were there around 730 tonight. To start the waitress messed up some of our orders. When she tried to explain the correction it was done so in a confusing manner. When we asked about a clarifocation or when we repeated what we heard he say it was met with an attitude. Fast forward to the meal. I ordered the shrimp and a lobster. The shrimp was old and grainy\/mushy. The meat was not as plump as it should have been. The shell was difficult to remove from some of the shrimp. NOW the effing HORROR. The Lobster. When I cracked into the first claw I was greeted with a little over 1\/4 of a cup of juicesnpourong out of the claw. The meat in the claw is suppose to be plump. This was not. This one looked like an eldery persons wrinkly-I-use-to-be-over-weight-hand but in a lobster claw form. The second was no better. Next I decided to take the tail off to see if it can salvage the dismal meal. WHY THE HELL DID I TAKE THE TAIL OFF?!! The horror that was waiting for me came OOZING out. Confirmed by my horrified and disgusted family... the tail was still VERY RAW and had a fair amount of feces in the tail, AND the meat was old. The colors (and don't read this if you are squeamish) were black, mucus green, and brown surrounded  by translucent\/slightly opaque withered meat. And I mean this... plenty Slime. I put everything down. And kept as quiet and calm as I could. I reached for the first person I saw, tall large guy short brown hair. I showed and told him about the lobster. He quickly took it away. They offered to cook me a new one. I declined. I didn't touch anything else not even my drink as I began to grow very nauseous sick and warm. I really needed that drink though. I dry heaved a few times by the car. Got home. Threw up what I could. Now fighting to write this review in hopes to save anyone else from this. I hope I can make it to work tomorrow, with few \"interruptions\" and hopefully make it for thanksgiving. Once again... wife, brothers, sisters, family will not return. I will share our experience with our friends and extended family.