Holy. Sh*t.\n\nThis place is DAMN GOOD. Let's just get that out of the way right off the bat. Phe-OMNOMNOM-inal. If you desire something delicious and well-crafted to rest upon your palate and tongue for the evening, look no further. I feel like I have to use that kind of language when talking about this smart and very sexy restaurant!\n\nI actually was invited by my dear heart Tetsuro P. to join him on a anti-Valentines Day excursion (considering neither one of us had dates). I picked the place, because, despite how intelligent this dude is, he had no clue how or where to call and make a reservation at! I have not lived here as long, so I wasn't sure at first, but then I remembered reading an article in a magazine about SHe, and thought it would be prefect.\n\nWe arrived at Crystals, but accidentally walked right by this place, because it is directly to the right when you walk in from the valet area, and if you are not paying attention, you might miss it. We had a good 30 minutes before our reservation anyway, so it was nice to be able to walk around and work up an appetite.\n\nAfter getting snubbed at Louis Vuitton, we were over the Crystals Center and just wanted our food. Even though we were about 10-15 mins early, we were taken to our table with the quickness. Nice job, SHe. Impressed already.\n\nAs I walked through toward the back, I had to pass by the main stage in the middle of the place. OHHHH YEAH. Hot, half-naked dancing chicks? Yes, please!! I had trouble keeping up with the hostess, because I slowed down and rubbernecked the whole way LOL\n\nThey sat us at a large C-shaped booth facing the huge window where we had an excellent view of the fountains outside. So pretty!!\n\nFirst off, I ordered a glass of Dom Perignon, which I guess they were offering as a \"Valentine's Day Special,\" for $48. Damn. Now I know why that crap is so expensive. It was quite tasty.\n\nThey brought us the softest bread and honey butter to nibble on while we tried to make a decision on what to order. And that took a while, because despite not having a large menu, everything looked amazing. After about 20 minutes of trying to make up out minds (our waitress was so sweet, cute, and patient with us), we settled on the Oysters on the Halfshell ($18) as an appetizer. I thought that the oysters were a wee bit small for the price, but still fresh and good. For dinner, we chose the 32 oz Bone in New York for Two ($79) with a side of the Creamed Spinach (which I guess has a fancy cheese mixed into it, making it oh-so-smooth and rich) to go with ($12). \n\nThe steak was seriously the best steak (besides The Hammond in Superior, WI) that I have EVER had. The meat was so rich, and cooked to perfection. And the creamed spinach was a perfect accompaniment.\n\nBecause we were already ballin' out at this point, I figured I would order dessert as well. We settled on the SHeSCAKE ($9), which was not like your typical cheesecake, with a heaviness to it. This was light as air, almost like if mousse and pudding made sweet, sweet love to each other and had a delicious baby.\n\nYou have to at least try to come to this place at least once. You will NOT regret it!