I am very unappreciative of your comments of having a last minute order on a day you were already full of other orders and having giving us a discount.  We never asked for any discount, we simply asked how much they would cost and that's the price given.  Yes, a very great price in deed however we did not ask for any discount.  Most places offer discounted rates with large orders so that shouldn't be noted as anything out of the ordinary.  The fact that you're even mentioning this is very unprofessional of you.  Whatever discount you decide to give is your own business decision.  We have no clue what kind of work load you have on any given day and only you know how much work you can handle.  My husband called 2 weeks in advance to ask how much notice you needed for an order such as ours and you told him that all you needed was 3 days notice in order to complete our order.  We also kept in touch over those next 2 weeks in regards to picking up sample pops and to discuss when we would be calling in with a payment for our order.  You knew at least 1 week out that we would be making a payment to complete our order and I'm pretty sure we paid about 5 days prior to pick up date. The fact that you have to bring up all these miscellaneous details and make them sound like excuses is beyond me.  As a business owner you own up to what took place, you apologize and you move forward.  There's no need to mention details like having a last minute order, when according to the standard you gave us of needing 3 days advance notice was far exceeded.  I'm very aware of what took place that day and everything leading up to that day.  I don't need any recap of what happened exactly.  Bottom line is you did not deliver a product that was ready for pick up when we needed it, three times in one day!  My parents ended up helping tie the ribbons on at 4:30pm, and whether you wanted their help or not is not relevant, point is they had to help because they were trying to get these pie pops to our reception before guests started to arrive, which they shouldn't have even needed to help do ANYTHING as supposedly the pie pops were ready at 2pm??? That makes no sense!  If they were ready for pick up at 2pm then why were they not finished being wrapped at 4:30pm?? I asked for pink icing not ribbon on the peach pops which you said would be no problem and I did not get that either.  And then to get to the venue and not even have ALL the pie pops we paid for was just the icing on the cake.  So thank you for your apology laced with excuses and unnecessary explanations but no thanks!  Unfortunately, this only proves the unprofessional standard you hold over your company.  I got no phone call from you as the owner to apologize in person for what happened.  Yes, thank you for delivering the remaining pie pops that we should have had to begin with.  I believe we deserved at least that much after everything that got messed up.  So mentioning that you did this like as if that should make up for something is ridiculous!  You did not give us all the pie pops we ordered at pick up, therefore you should of course deliver those to us at our venue no matter how far away it was!  You are a very unprofessional business owner.  And your response to my review only proves that.  Good luck to you and your business I hope you make some changes to how you handle large orders and the way you come across to your clients.