This isn't my normal grocery store but I was throwing a party for a group of kids near this Fry's.  In order to make things easier on myself, I called a week in advance and placed an order from their deli.  I ordered for a ton of kids food, 4 platters of chicken tenders, 2 platters of finger sandwiches, 2 platters of s'mores, 2 platters of deviled eggs.  When I arrived, my order was ready and I looked over everything as they brought it out.  When they brought out the finger sandwiches, I examined both trays and I was so disappointed.  The sandwiches looked like they had been just thrown onto the platter (see picture).  It looked like a sandwich salad.  I stopped the lady from ringing me up and told her to take a look at the sandwiches and tell me if she thought they were acceptable.  She admitted they were not and called over her manager.  I said \"these sandwiches are unacceptable, look at how tiny some of these slices of bread are.\" Her response was that they were supposed to look like that because the crusts were cut off.  I explained that it looked like the sandwiches had just been thrown onto the platter and there is no way to tell where one sandwich stops and the other starts, how will kids know where to grab from?  She continued to argue with me and said that she could tell where to grab them from.  I told her I needed to speak to the store manager and she said that she would remake the sandwiches.  I said I didn't have time for that, my party starts in 20 minutes.  So, she gave me the sandwiches for free but she was not happy about it.  \n\nI let go of the sandwich fiasco and enjoyed the party.  The chicken was delicious, everyone loved the deviled eggs as well, no one touched the sandwiches.  I was sitting on a bench next to my adorable little cousin and we were chatting while he was eating a s'more.  I watched his cute little face bite into a delicious s'more with all this glory and when his mouth parted from the other half of the s'more, out came a glob of hair stuck to the marshmallow.  Epic fail x2 Fry's.  \n\nIf you need to order food from a grocery store deli, do not come here.