I should preface this by saying I'm a bit of a hotel snob. Maybe not \"snob\", but due to work I've honestly spent multiple years of my life living in hotels, which is more than most people. I've had great stays at inexpensive places because they keep things clean and care about their guests, and I've had lousy stays at expensive places because they don't do these things. Aria falls somewhere in between.\n\nActually no, Aria falls on the lower end of the spectrum.\n\nThe non-hotel parts are great. The restaurants are nice and overpriced as expected, the casino is lovely, the shops are overpriced as expected, etc. If I didn't actually stay there, I probably would have given it 4 stars.\n\nHowever, the room quality was lousy. First off, there was a big section of peeling wallpaper in the corridor leading to my room. Really? Tape or glue would solve that until it could be properly fixed. I'm shocked that a hotel would allow that to be in the guests' sight, especially when it tries to market itself as luxurious.\n\nThe room itself was \"meh\" at best. The bedside tablet to control the room is such a gimmicky joke, and might have been slightly impressive 12 years ago. It's a slow, laggy system with a lousy user interface, and it's completely asinine to use something such as this for simple functions such as changing the channel on the TV or turning the lights on or off. Unfortunately I was stuck using it to change the TV channels because the remote was dead. Speaking of dead, so was the minibar. It was maybe a few degrees below room temperature at the most. If you're going to use convenience to tempt me with soda, sparkling water, and various alcohols at 500% of retail, they at least need to be nice and cold.\n\nI ordered room service exactly once and the food was absolutely lousy. I would have thought they could manage a decent bowl of ramen (there are world-class ramen houses literally within a few miles of this hotel, so people around here should know what it's supposed to taste like) and it was beyond disappointing.\n\nThe kicker is that my opinions are this low when it didn't cost me a dime. Corporate expense account for the lot of it. Had I been actually paying to stay here, I would have checked out within a couple hours of check-in. I can literally say it's barely worth staying here for free. It seems like if you want to drop the cash for one of their upper level suites you can have a great experience, but after this initial experience I'm not going to give them the chance when I come back for pleasure instead of business.\n\nTo be fair, the Aria did stand out for me in one area, and one area alone: the staff. Everyone I interacted with, from the front desk to the waitstaff to housekeeping to the valets, concierge, casino staff, convention area staff, etc. were all pleasant and professional. The staff are the only reason why this place gets a generous two stars instead of one.