This Lone Star Texas Grill is located near the north west intersection of Carlingview and Dixon on the Etobicoke side of the 427.  \n\nPerhaps a decade?  That's the last time I stepped inside this place.  I live less than 10 minutes away by car and while the airport strip is close to where I live I don't necessarily dine along Dixon often unless it's the Airport Rd side to go to Zet's.  This restaurant is a standalone structure with their own parking lot which is free for patrons and while the establishment has a large bar and dining area (separate) the amount of total seating this place offers is quite staggering and they seem to be able to fill it, at least the evening we were there.\n\nIt was the choice of the mother of the birthday boy to select this place and while I like Tex\/Mex I know this place is a chain type place, you know like Chili's.  My problem is that I'm spoiled and I'm not afraid to admit it.  I'm spoiled by having good to decent to amazing Mexican food and the Tex\/Mex spin well we're nowhere near the Rio Grande so... ya.  I get that this place won't be awesome but can it be at least decent?  That's what my expectations were coming into this place.\n\nWell I ended up ordering the Fajita Fiesta which includes, grilled chicken, grilled steak, shrimp, 4 bones of pork ribs and the other sizzling things on the platter for two which I shared with my wife.  The meal comes with all the sides included which are unlimited that you'd also expect like lettuce, tomatoes, cheese etc.  Flour tortillas also come in those plastic holding containers and have maybe 4 or 5 in each.  \n\nNot for anything but honestly there's really nothing special about the food here.  Based on the fact that there's some really good Mexican\/Central American\/South American places here in the city as far as the south of the border (US border that is) it's not like we don't have the capability of having better options up here.  This place though I don't know if it's the fact that it's a chain or that they're catering to the broader general public there's absolutely nothing of risk on this menu.  The quality of the fajitas, side and everything else honestly tastes like it was made for that type of consumption.  From the cheese looking like it came out of those ready shredded bags from Kraft to the blandness of the meat to the hot sauces that are not even remotely hot, yup this place is that type of place.  Still, I wasn't expecting the kind of authenticity I'd find in the US but rather exactly what this place is which is a chain Tex\/Mex environment.  \n\nChichi's back in the day was also a chain Tex\/Mex (more Mex perhaps?) and their fried iced cream was actually really good.  The version here was a disappointment I'm afraid to say.  The crunch was not hot and crunchy but rather cold and soggy.  \n\nMy friend's mom ordered a frozen margarita you know, it's a special event why not have a special drink?  It came in a plastic stein type mug, not a stemmed glass with flash.  Me, I was just drinking brand name beer.  To sum it up going to the Lone Star and expecting good Tex\/Mex is like going to Red Lobster or Bubba Gump and expecting good seafood.  They're simply \"chained\" to their own rhythm so don't expect extraordinary, just expect standard status quo.\n\nThe service was good and friendly although it seemed a bit disorganized but overall the service was fine.  The tables could have been cleared a bit faster and without us having to ask however.