I wrote a review last week about service techniques, and now I have to update the review. DO NOT take your car here! I promise you, you will regret it if you do. I have never written a review about any business before, but I have also never been treated so poorly by anyone in my life, so I feel compelled to review this business in order to warn others.  We dropped my husband's car off 9 days, ago, and after 9 days Kevin was not only unable to diagnose or fix a simple brake problem, but the brakes actually felt worse when we picked it up.  Initially the brakes were squishy and felt a little unsafe, so we brought it in.  When we picked it up, my husband was scared to drive 0.2 miles to AAA Auto repair, because the brakes were that much worse. \n\nSo in case you haven't read my first review, the initial problem was lack of communication.  We dropped it off on Tuesday 7\/19, and told them we needed it back by Tuesday 7\/26. We assumed a week would be plenty of time to diagnose and fix a brake problem, and they confirmed it would be.  We didn't hear from them the next day (Weds) with a quote or diagnosis like they promised, and by Friday we were REALLY wondering what was going on with our car, and still hadn't heard anything. We called multiple times that day, and were placed on hold, told they would call us back, and they never did. So finally at closing time, we drove down there and talked to them in person.  They told us they were so backlogged with cars, they hadn't even looked at our car.  (First red flag).\n\nWe almost took the car somewhere else, but they reassured us that they were caught up, and would have the car ready on Monday, or Tuesday at the latest.  Monday rolls around, and they call us saying they don't know what's wrong, but they're working on it. Same answer on Tuesday. By Wednesday, we were frustrated and out of time.  Both my husband and I had to work Thursday and Friday at 7 am and couldn't share a car any longer.  We drove to service techniques around noon, and Kevin rambled on about what could be wrong, and said he needed more time.  He told us he had bled the brakes, replaced the master cylinder, and the car was worse now than before. I'm not sure how that's possible, but it was.  He convinced us to leave it with him for another 7 hours, and assured us it would be ready by 7pm.  When we came back at 7, he was in an angry, foul mood (similar to how other reviewers have described).  He yelled at us about how we had time management problems because we couldn't be without the car for more than 9 days (as though 9 days isn't time enough to fix a car), and told us we would get killed if we tried to drive that car.  \n\nWe asked him to please not yell at us, as there was no need to get angry, we simply needed our car back, and he continued to yell, stating we could take our car elsewhere, he didn't need our business.  He told us he has 64 cars in his lot, and he's had cars sitting there for 3 or more weeks (as though that should make it ok that our car has taken so long, and still isn't fixed). He followed us out to our car as we tried to leave, and continued to yell, insulting us, and telling us he wouldn't be surprised if we sued him.  He said in reference to our conversation in his shop \"that was for the cameras\", and that he had lost in court before in situations like this.  I'm not sure what all that means, but it didn't sit well. It left me wondering if he had damaged the car further than it already was.  Either way, he made it very clear he did not need the business, and that if we did not like being yelled at, we could find another mechanic, because that was how he conducted business.  He said, \"it happens all the time, and you should have heard the shouting match between me and another customer today.  We dropped multiple F bombs, and were shouting at the top of our lungs for 20 minutes\".  It got so intense between Kevin and us that I got my phone out to record what he was saying to us, because I didn't think anyone would believe how he was treating us unless they heard it themselves. One last thing he said to us was that he finally had figured out what was wrong with our car, (I doubt it, but he said he had), but that he would not tell us what it was, and he wouldn't tell us the only other shop in town that he believed could fix it besides himself. (He loves to bad mouth other mechanics, which he did on every visit we made to the shop, which were only necessary because we couldn't get a call back to update us on our car's status).\n\nSo the bottom line is, after 9 days, the car is not fixed, is actually worse than when we brought it in, and we were yelled at for 10 minutes for needing the car back, and wanting to take it somewhere else where it might actually get fixed. Thanks a lot Kevin Kinnard! You're definitely not getting our business again.  But that's ok with you, because apparently, you don't need it.