I don't enjoy writing negative reviews but, because of the owner's lack of respect, I really want to get this out there on Yelp so others don't lose their money.  \n\nI've been going to this place every other Saturday for the past few months for shellac manicures and the occasional pedicure.  The esthetician I usually saw does a nice job but sometimes the polish on the toes and nails didn't match, which I opted just to let it go because, as I said, she does a nice job.  \n\nOn my last visit (note that they are very limited on shellac colors), I chose a dark (almost oxblood) red.  As usual, she went to the back to get the polish - I always noticed that they never had the bottles of CND (shellac color) on hand but would always go to the back as if they were mixing stuff up.  When she was applying the polish, it looked like just plain red and it was going on very, very thin.  I was kind of concerned after the second coat as it reminded me of an old school Sally Hansen\/ Cutex type red.  She refused to do a third coat, despite the fact I told her I was not pleased.  As she was doing the final touches (when they apply something with a cotton ball), you could see the polish coming off.  Anyway, to avoid confrontation, I paid, gave her a tip and left.  \n\nLater that day, I ended up calling to ask if they would apply another coat as it really did not look like a professional shellac manicure - you could see through the polish.  I ended up speaking to the owner (I think her name was Dina) and, even though she knows me, she was the most discourteous, unethical and unappreciative b***h - bush league at its finest.  Without even speaking to the esthetician, she insisted that I chose plain red and she refused to try to resolve the situation.  I explained (very civilly) that I was a return customer and have been giving them business for the past few months and that they should honor that.  She started raising her voice and got very argumentative - wasn't worth my while to try to reason with her.  AND, guess what? The so-called shellac ended up peeling off in less than a week.