Seriously, why in the heck am I updating this review when I vowed to never come back here after blacklisting this place. Well, as you have it I went to Scottsdale last weekend and the group outvoted me so I played along (not without a drunken rant about how anywhere in Scottsdale is better than Whiskey Row).\n\nIn general, my opinion still stands of Whiskey Row. There was still three lines but this time we did get in. And as you have it we did try to grease our way in but were denied (just so you know, the going rate is +$20 per person). Just for the record I wanted no part in greasing my way into an establishment that I didn't want to go into anyways but my group tried anyways - you know how much more alcohol you can buy for $20 at some of the \"less popular\" places in Scottsdale? Yeah, I know that I sound like an alcoholic so leave me alone.\n\nIn any case we did get in. The place is a swamp both figuratively and literally. When I was finally admitted in I headed straight for the restroom. First off, line for the dudes. Not many places can claim this but WR does it quite well. Always a line, and this is of course completely true for the ladies too. My girlfriend reported that the women's bathroom was flooded. Gross. Nothing like a bunch of catty broads swimming their way through the bathroom - hope you wore a miniskirt and not your $200 boot cut  jeans! In short I can't believe that Whiskey Row has such a small bathroom. No thanks.\n\nThe dance floor is an absolute joke. JOKE. It is nothing more than a clusterfuck and I am pretty sure I have more room in my family room than this dance floor. Add in everyone hammmered drunk and this is a bonafide disaster. No thanks.\n\nOnce out of the bathroom we tried to get a drink at the bar. Nope. Slow service. And not only that... no Coors or Budweiser. What the hell? Where the hell am I? how the hell do you not have those two domestics... not even in bottle? WTF? What the hell is everyone drinking in here - catfish water? No thanks.\n\nIn short, there is still nothing appealing to me about this place - you have long waits to get in, the dance floor is one of the worst (even for bullshit dancing, much less country dancing), the bar is slow, the bar is dry, the bathrooms are dirty, and the drink prices aren't all that appealing. The only thing this place has going for it is that it plays country - and I love country.\n\nFinal result - this place is on my perma-perma ban list. If my party wants to go here they can but I'll go somewhere else by myself before going back in here.