I love Kensington and I love the Annex but to me it's rather strange that I've been to the Bloor street Dirty Bird before going to the original at Kensington and Baldwin.  The thing is I've only ever had dirty fries and froyo at Bloor and never actually had the fried chicken.  Yes, that's right... a lover of fried chicken has never had the fried chicken at a place that sells fried chicken as their main staple.  What's up with that?\n\nSo having to wait about half an hour to go to an event what better way to get a fill of fried chicken than right at the Dirty Bird (original).  Like most things in Kensington it's small but establishments in this hood are never to be judged by size and footprint.  Here in Kensington being the special place they are just about everything here is charmed and home to some of the best this city has to offer.\n\nThe Dirty Bird is a small place and space is limited.  The menu consists of chicken served in a variety of ways such as on sandwiches made from waffles or pulled into a tasty meal of seasoned fries but the standard and baseline is that fried chicken.  The servings are all dark meat pieces (drums and thighs) and the prices are quite reasonable.  For a single person, a 2 piece with a selection of one side (potato salad, fries, etc) is 7 bucks.  A 3 piece and side is 10 so I went with that and gave a piece to my meal companion who had shared her wonderful dirty fries with me.  \n\nThe fries are well cooked and not greasy and the same can be said about the chicken.  The chicken pieces are juicy and pretty standard on the seasoning. \n\nHey, this is a filling meal for 10 bucks and is quite the deal for freshly made and generous portions of deep fried chicken not to mention the fries was a rather large heaping portion as well.  It's understandable how this place is popular being that they serve better than decent food for a decent price and have great sized portions to boot.\n\nYet another place that makes Kensington so cool, the Dirty Bird does their part to bring the charm of this neighborhood and raise the coolness factor up a notch as much as each place in the area supplements the other.