Pristine Auction seemed at first to be one of the better Memoribilia sites online. Then I made a mistake of bidding on the same item 2 times, a few days apart. I didn't realize I had done this until the next morning and the Auction was still going on. I emailed (Pristine)Jared K. the president about my error and HE SAID \"Sorry no way for you to unbid\" I asked why? It was a mistake and you can clearly see I won and already paid for the same item 2 days prior!! He also said \"pay for it now because you have too or you won't be able to buy from us again\". Now I realize I made a mistake, but for any place a consumer purchases from, they should have the right to change their mind or have the right to return! Pristine from the president's email's stated they do not allow any retractions regardless of circumstance. He then asked me to consign the Jersey back with Pristine, so I did. As I followed the item I saw it was selling for well over $100. 3 weeks went by and I heard nothing from Pristine about my consigned Jersey. In fact, I had to reach out to Jared and ask if I would be paid?His reply \"I don't know what your talking about\" after explaining to him through multiple emails, where is my money for the Rice Jersey??? His reply \"Oh the guy never paid us, we have to sell it for you again\". Now after 3 months of waiting these JOKERS sell it and the JERSEY cost me over $100. After he said I would be paid,  I HAD TO REACH OUT AGAIN to find out where my payment was, another month. I was told by Jared K. they did sell it and I would be getting $58.00. What a joke!!! Pristine has now sold this Jersy a few times and each time they make their money but COST their own customer MONEY. They made at least $60.00 from a jersey that was mistakenly bid on and have no problem with their customer losing money as I will now lose at least $50 cash on an item they could have given back my money back when the first dirtbag supposedly didn't pay.Instaed all Jared cared about was getting PAID!!! DID even try to provide a better outcome. I also purchased a Micky Mantle baseball card that I didn't look at both pics they provided, I looked at the one they had in their auction and the card looked ok, so i bid $350 because I wanted that specific Mantle card. I then looked at the second pic and realized the crad was junk after pulling up the 2nd pic. Not knowing these crooks don't allow you to retract your bid. I won the card, expressed to JARED K. president, \"I can't take that terribly ruined card for $350\" he asked if they (pristine) can consign it for me because they can't refund or give my money back being I placed the bid. He said \"pay for it now and we will get you your money back putting it in another Auction\". I of course had them consign the card and once again I got ripped off. They SAID it sold for $150 and paid me $100 costing me $280 cash. That is a $330 loss to have Pristine Auction resell items they should have been decent enough to give my money back and resell them for the original consignor. The final problem is they STEAL MONEY out of your ACCOUNT THAT is not authorized. I expressed to JARED K. President, I was upset that I have to continue reminding Pristine Auction to send my money and I would not be paying for my last invoice until I received the MONEY Pristine OWED me for my consignment. Jared K. responded with \"OK, I don't see any invoices you haven't paid because we already took the payment from your last card you purchased with\". UNREAL!!! NO PLACE ON EARTH SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO TAKE MONEY FROM THEIR CUSTOMER'S. PRISTINE STEALS FROM THEIR CUSTOMER'S and should be shut down!!!!! I am a customer that had spent 5k on memorabilia and this is the THANK YOU I received. Since when is it OK for a business to keep your debit card on file and hit when they deem it OK?? DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THESE JOKERS\/CROOKS!!!!