Well......we all know that the portions here are gigantic so you might as well leave your diet out the door because there's no point in trying to make \"healthy\" choices here. The wait can be long....actually it's always long. Expect at least a minimum of 35 minutes for a small group. \n\nOnce you're seated, service here is quite prompt. The staff here are pretty equipped in getting your order and meals delivered quickly without making you feel like you have to gulp down your meal. \n\nI ordered the hash with sun dried tomatoes and artichoke hearts and egg whites.....as healthy as I can make it! Chris ordered the \"healthy start\" with a side of chicken sausage. Our friend ordered the BBBLT sandwich and another friend ordered the sage chicken. We all agreed to ordering a side of the brown sugar banana flapjack and an iced banana latte. \n\nOf course our eyes pretty much fell out of our socket when each of our meal arrived. We didn't know how to manage the portion, but we all took one bite at a time. Everyone enjoyed their meal. The BBBLT was met with a lot of satisfaction along with their famous sage chicken. You know it's good when all you see are smiles and thumbs up from everyone. Matter of fact, it was so good that we all agreed to come back again the next day!! I enjoyed heir biscuit. It was dense on the outside and the inside was soft and pillowy. The strawberry jam added another level of \"OMG\" to their food. The latte was one of my favorite drink which surprised me. The brown sugar flapjack was too good!! The Carmelites brown sugar and the banana was a match made in flapjack heaven. We all finished it but I think Chris and I ate a majority of it. But there is no regret! \n\nThe next day, Chris and I returned and ordered the same thing except we ordered the snickers flapjack and a mint choco latte. The latte was okay. I prefer the banana latte over this one and the snickers was good but by far, our favorite was still the brown sugar flapjack. \n\nHash House is a basic staple must here. It's nothing fancy and nothing gourmet about it. It's farm food to another level. It definitely is a place where you have to at least try it once or twice. And in our case, twice!!