I had never been to Pink's before, but had a Groupon that was running out, and so we ventured out for dinner on a late Thursday night to beat the deadline.  No problem, right?  By all appearances, it was just an unremarkable Thursday night.  \n\nSo off to Planet Hollywood we went.  But when we pulled up to Valet Parking behind three stretch limos, and no valet was in sight, something seemed off.  Then I saw that we were about six blocks from the valet stand, again with no valet in view.  So, off to self-parking we went, with uniformed police everywhere, to find a parking spot.  At length we found one--the only one.  Something unusual was definitely going on.\n\nSo, Diane and I walked from the parking garage into the Miracle Mile shops, and walked and walked.  As we finally reached the entrance to Planet Hollywood on the other side of the shopping promenade, 9 uniformed sheriff's deputies were assembled together, and fashionably suited males and well-dressed females were everywhere.  About then I realized that we had left the Groupon in the car.  Oh, well (sigh).  I decided that I wasn't going to walk all the way back and return again just to save a mere $5!  So, we continued on and out the main doors until we finally saw Pink's facing Las Vegas Boulevard, and examined the vast menu on the wall before making our selections.\n\nThis story does end well.  I really enjoyed my Brooklyn Pastrami Swiss Cheese Dog with pickles, onions, mustard, and sauerkraut added, on a soft Old Country bun.  It included a generous amount of tender pastrami, and although the hot dog was thin, it was long and had a very nice snap to it when one bit into the casing.  Beer-battered Onion Rings and nicely salted Shoestring Fries were both good and tasty.  And I liked the mild Nacho Cheese Sauce for dipping my Fries, while Diane enjoyed Mini Corn Dogs.  To my surprise, one single hot dog sufficed to quell my appetite.  And, there were free refills of lemonade and all other available soft drinks.  \n\nThe place is nothing fancy, seating is all outside, and there is only counter service.  But staff members were friendly and helpful.  We had a nice view of the Strip before us, but it was a mite cold and windy at 10:47 p.m.  Heat lamps were present, but not in service.  Hard driving music overhead added to the casual ambiance.  So, we finished our food, walked all the way back to the car, and left the parking lot as we were directed out by at least 6 police officers.  Just as we were turning onto Tropicana Avenue, Diane asked the last officer if she knew what was going on at Planet Hollywood, and was told, \"Soul Train Awards!\"\n\nNow I'm sort of glad that I still have my Groupon for Pink's, which, as luck would have it, does not really expire for another month.  For, it means that I can return again soon to enjoy another tasty classic dog!