The third and last instalment of the successful Toronto Underground Market (TUM) of 2011 took place at the Everest Brickworks. TUM is described as a social food market, as opposed to a food festival, allowing the Toronto community to have the opportunity to sample culinary talents from budding entrepreneurs. Most of the vendors do not have own restaurants or food trucks, but it is a chance for them to showcase their products, providing ravenous Toronto foodies with professional quality and delicious food made from their very own kitchen. It is a completely unique and new experience here in Toronto. If you missed this one, don't fret! The next one will be in February, 2012, so get your clickers ready before all the tickets are sold out. \n\nWhen the doors opened at 6:00pm, there was a ravenous rush towards one particular vendor. I followed suit. It turned it to be La Carnita, selling their Voltron Fish Tacos and Mexican Chorizo. It wasn't before long that the rush of people formulated into a 30-45 mins line wait. Selling at ($4) a dish, the chorizo was my favourite of the two, with a combination of savoury meat, sweet mango sauce, with an added crunch. This was probably the most anticipated vendor of the event.\n \nShinaki-Co Perogies - I love my perogies. There was a selection of the classic, poutine, or nacho style. I tried the poutine style; came with 3 perogies ($5), braised beef brisket, gravy, and blocks of cheddar cheese.  Perogies were hot and delicious with the gravy and beef brisket, but I was disappointed in the blocks of unmelted cheese. \n \nElle Cuisine - One of my favourite vendors at this event. They offer comfort food that tastes great. I tried the Roast Tomato & Garlic Soup w\/ Goat Cheese and Basil & Balsamic Reduc ($4). It had a nice balance of acidity from the tomato, creaminess from the goat cheese, and depth with the garlic and basalmic. Great for a cold evening. They even gave away dark chocolate brownies for free, which were simply delectable.\n\nElement - Asian-fusion type vendor. I tried the Lobster-Yaki (really, who could have resisted that), and the bacon chocolate banana spring roll (I don't know what intrigued me to it, but I was curious). The lobster-yaki was just as I imagined, delicious! The only disappointment was that it came in just 2 pieces for $5. The spring roll on the other hand was...interesting to put it simply. The sweetness from the chocolate syrup and bananas overpowered the entire spring roll. I couldn't taste the bacon. \n \nComida Del Pueblo  - Another popular vendor at the event, with most people ordering the Jalapeno Cornbread Grilled Cheese. I was too full at the time to try, but I made note that I will next time.\n\nThe Lunch Room - Disappointed that they didn't sell macarons, like how they did from the last TUM. But nevertheless, their selections were captivating ranging from: Smores, Creme Brulee, Crepe, Macaroons, Short Cakes, and Butter Tarts. \n\nAside from all the indoor activity, this event also offered vendors at the Chimney Court. Craig Ovenstone fired up pizzas from the under the stone chimney, Cedar-flavoured marshmallows, Big Smoke Coffee, West Side Beef sold steaming hot chilli by the campfire.\n\nWill definitely be back for the next one!