The Golden Door Cafe is all organic and even grows their yummy herby goodies on premises. You can walk through their garden and check it out for yourself. Full disclosure.\n\nTheir menu promises tasty vittles, and it's nice that the calorie counts and fat grams posted right next to the items don't scare you. I love places like this. Even better when the promise of tasty vittles MORE than delivers. I want this chef to come to my house and cook for me daily please. I'd be 10 lbs thinner and probably a whole lot healthier (yet poorer). But yeah I wish we had a yummy cafe like this locally where I could get an amazing, filling lemongrass soba noodle salad with fresh chicken for 350 calories.\n\nThe Golden Door Spa itself is huge and is apparently quite the local favorite by all the AZ plates you see driving in and out of the parking lot. Their extensive list of services boggles the mind, but what boggles the eyeballs are the prices. 60 minute massage for $170? Seriously?? I think I'll PASS, and have my husband throw some rocks at my back in 100 degree weather for free.\n\nEnclosed in the Spa also is a huge gym, complete with machines, televisions, weights, jump ropes, bosu balls, the works. Now this is the part I love, because when we vacation I like to work out every day and sometimes TWICE a day. Yes I know that sounds crazy. But really how many hours can you spend baking yourself by the pool? Plus add in all the crap we tend to eat while on vacation (you DID see my Bakery Cafe review right???)..and you'll know why I grace the machines of almost any hotel gym far more often than should be allowed.\n\nHuge list of fitness classes as well...yoga, cardio, body conditioning and even aqua aerobics. Which brings me to the pool. Child-free and piping in spa music for you to relax with...this was where we spent most of our sweaty relaxation time. It's a short walk from the casitas on the property, and it's quite relaxing. Ice cold water, they even provide sunscreen for those more forgetful travelers. Did I mention it was child-free??? Which means the most obnoxious thing around were the bees...which were pretty aggressive on the 3rd day, I got stung on my hand, OWIE.\n\nThis place is expensive, but it's worth it.