When we heard one of our new favourite artists was going to play at Coda, we jumped on the chance to get tickets. The show ended up being sold out in a matter of hours.  When we arrived, I was worried. The line up was massive! We asked the bouncers if there was a line for ticket holders and they kindly told us it was the empty line behind the big one. We walked right in.\n\nID, security, ticket taking, coat check, all took a matter of seconds. The first thing I noticed was that everyone knew everyone in this club! All I saw was people running up to other people, high fives, smiling faces, hugs. I could already tell this place had a great community and a great vibe. I also noticed that you could dance ANYWHERE. If there is a cushioned box to sit on, you can dance on it. If there is open space by the bar, you dance there. If there is a bottle service booth near you, you can dance there too. Security is not uptight about keeping the booths separate from the regular crowd. \n\nWith a sold out show, I was worried that the space would soon be limited. It was about 12:30 and I asked a girl beside me what to expect. She said \"This is it!\" I had so much room to dance! Coda does not cram people into their club like sardines. Thank goodness. In addition to this, the people who attend this club have respect for personal space. As a side note, the bathrooms were consistently clean with lots of stalls which is a big plus. \n\nSo here I am, having the best night in a LONG time, its getting kind of late, we are getting tired, and maybe a bit hungry. But what is this? A fruit kebob is put in front of my face. Yes, that's right. Coda was providing fruit to its concert goers to ensure everyone was nourished in the wee hours of the night. The bowl is simply passed around from person to person. \n\nAt the end of the night I was pleasantly surprised to see that security was controlling the coat check line and maintained order so it didn't become a mob. I think what really makes Coda so fantastic is the fact that security is so on point. \n\nAll in all, the music is amazing (tech house, techno, deep house), the sound is the best in the city, the people exude some wicked vibes, and the staff are attentive. I will be coming back to Coda the first chance I get.\n\nLeave the bangers and the kandi at home, Coda is electronic music without the nonsense.