In the last two days I've eaten three meals at Valhalla.  It's true.  I would not lie about something that puts me at a slight risk for appearing to be that creepy guy that hangs out at the bar all weekend.  No, I HAD to eat three meals there so I could write a proper review of the restaurant.  I did it all for the cause.  \n\nPrior to eating here the only Scandinavian food I'd ever eaten was at Ikea. There was also that cereal in the 80s with the Swedish Chef on the box (please tell me that you guys remember Croonchy Stars), so I guess I can count my Scandinavian experience on 2 fingers.  While the menu leans heavily toward Scandinavian food, the diversity of the owners'  backgrounds are reflected in items such as the English breakfast and an amazing curry sauce.  Let me pause for a moment to tell you that I could drink both the curry sauce and the brown gravy from a mug.  Or a horn.  Both are staples on the menu and both are family recipes that the owners were kind enough to share with the rest of us.  Try the Warrior fries with the curry.  Amazing.  And if you're wondering what a Warrior fry is, it is a waffle fry like they serve at Chick Fil-A but more badass because it is a warrior and the others are not.  \n\nBreakfast:  Northern Eggs Benedict.  Two poached eggs on toast with a good portion of smoked salmon, capers, red onion and fried potatoes.  No hollandaise sauce here, so I'll live to see another day.  A beurre blanc replaces hollandaise on the Valhalla menu and I found it perfect and not overpowering.  \n\nLunch:  The Mighty Meatball.  Pork and beef meatballs with brown gravy and choice of a side.  I, of course, chose the Warrior fries.  Eat your heart out, Ikea.  AND you can eat these meatballs without the fear of having to go rug shopping with your wife afterward.  \n\nDinner:  The Banger Butty.  The name alone made me go for this one.  I really like alliteration.  This sandwich is bangers (sausages) with the curry sauce on a roll that must be of Scandinavian origin because it was pale, beautiful and tasty.  \n\nValhalla is not to be missed!  Chances are you'll find me there sooner than later and you can thank me then for my dedication this weekend so that I could bring you this top-flight review.