The Las Vegas Convention Center is more than meets the eye.  Ha..now I sound like a Transformer.  \n\nI've been to LA's, Ohio's, San Diego's, and now Las Vegas' Convention Center. All have their good and bad points. I've been to the Las Vegas Convention Center about 6 times in the last 10 years. I've been here for the CES, SEMA, Nightclub and Bar Expo, and the Gaming Expo.  One things for sure, who ever is putting these expos together sure knows how to make this place look different every time. \n\nThis convention center is a deceiving one.  From the outside, it just looks like a regular or even small convention center. Once you're inside, you're awaken with madness regardless what the theme of the expo is.  This place is also huge and you wouldn't know it from the outside. One thing that I like about this convention center compared to the others I've been to is the food selection and the hallway seating.  The Las Vegas Convention Center reminds me of an airport with seating along the walls and food courts in the middle.  This convention center even has a FedEx. This is so convenient for travelers.  Like all other expos, you're walking out with a ton of freebies. Who wants to lug these freebies on a plane? Ship it via FedEx and save the hassle. \n\nMy only issue with this convention center is the outside set up.  Parking is really tough here most of the time. Most people taxi, take the monorail from their hotel, or park across the street.  The parking in the center of the convention center is usually full and price can range from $10 to $20.  If you're going here via Taxi, good luck to you.  Coming in isn't hard, it's the leaving part that is a pain in the butt.  Plan on waiting a long time for your cab since the line usually wraps around. \n\nOverall, I think like this convention center.  The craziness and madness really depends on what trade show or expo you're going to.  What to expect?  SEMA is tame, CES is crazy, and the Nighclub\/Bar expo is right in the middle (i.e. tamed craziness).