Applelicious is a charming store located in West Carnegie. Although the check in site states \"dine in for 7% off\" there is no actual dining area. Rather you would get 7% off any card you have linked to your Yelp account.\n\nThey have online ordering where you can ship or pick up in store. While their specialty is candy or nut crusted gourmet apples with some caramel and covered in milk chocolate they also have an assortment of store brand candy covered in the same way. Among those goodies you would find rice krispie treats,grahams, chocolate covered Oreos, and Reese candy to name a few. You can also get buckeyes and cashew turtles.\n\nThe mini apple which I purchased is milk chocolate covered with white drizzle and is suitable for 2 people. You can purchase larger sizes if you wish to serve more. I met Paul the owner and he explained to me to refrigerate the apples if I don't intend to use it right since they will keep longer.  He also explained it is best to use one of those apple slice cutters to avoid the core when cutting. \n\nHe is extremely knowledgeable about his work and it shows throughout the store. He showed me a box of 16 chocolate covered strawberries in a beautiful arrangement. Unfortunately, I had to pass on those because he does not recommend refrigeration or freezing. I did however purchase two large ones for Valentine's day. The chocolate is so fresh it literally breaks off as you bite it! So good! I'm saving the apple for later but I know my hubby and I will enjoy it.\n\nThe store also specializes in chocolate covered pretzel rods. Again you can have it covered in M and Ms candy, pecans, cashew, or even peanut butter. You can get either mini or full size.\n\nIn addition to all this Applelicious does catering for special occasions as well as fund raising. Check out their website for more information. Prices are very reasonable. Cash and cards are accepted.\n\nLocated away from the main shopping area of Carnegie metered street parking is available.