Geez, where do I begin?\n\nI have been using Wave House Cleaning since March 2015 to clean my two-story, two-bedroom townhome.  I rent it out for short-term rentals, so I need services similar to those provided by typical cleaning staff at hotels or resorts.  Nothing too fancy, just take the dirty bed sheets off, do the laundry (i.e. dirty towels and bed sheets), make the beds with clean sheets, vacuum, wipe countertops and tables down, clean the bathrooms, etc.\n\nWhile I have had some longer-term renters in at times (e.g., 1-2 months), most of my renters have been anywhere from 3 days to a week.  I have explained this at various times in the past and most of the time provide a reminder that I need bed sheets and towels washed and beds made with clean sheets.  I travel and have been out of Phoenix a lot during most of these cleanings, so I have not been there to watch them or check their work before they leave.\n\nI provide the above background information so that you have an understanding of how much\/often I have utilized Wave House Cleaning's services.  There have been a few times where they have been unavailable when I needed them, so I have used other providers, but for the most part, they have been my go-to. \n\nTheir scheduling is fairly quick and easy.  I most-often schedule cleanings via e-mail, sending an e-mail with a list of dates and times that I need cleanings for and then corresponding back and forth to nail down the dates and times.\n\nTheir prices are fair, so I am not complaining about the fees that they charge.  Reasonable fees... and if I ask for extra services, then I get charged a little extra.\n\nHowever, I have now experienced issues on four separate occasions.\n\nAround a year ago, I received a message from a guest checking in to tell me that the beds were not made and the towels were dirty in a pile on the floor.  Apparently, the cleaner forgot to wash the bed sheets and towels and to make the beds with clean sheets.  That guest left and headed to another place for their visit to Phoenix.  Doing the right thing, I refunded that guest their entire rental fee.\n\nAbout three months ago, I received a call from Wave during my scheduled cleaning.  I keep a key available for them in a lockbox.  Apparently, the cleaner could not open the lockbox.  Shortly after that, the cleaner left because \"she could not get the lockbox open\", I went and checked to see if the lockbox opened with the code I provided.  It opened easily on the first try.  There is no trick to opening it... you don't have to jiggle it or shake it or get the numbers just right.  Just enter the code and the box opens.  I tried it again.  Yep, it opened.  My guess is that cleaner just did not feel like working that day. \n\nAbout a month ago, no one showed up at all.  Imagine my surprise when a guest checking in called me to tell me that the house was dirty and the beds looked slept in and food and garbage was out on the countertops.  Of course, I also lost that guest and the rental revenue I would have received from them.\n\nThe last straw was over this past New Year's weekend.  My guest checking in on December 30th called me at 6pm to tell me that the beds were not made and there was a pile of dirty laundry on the floor.  I tried contacting Wave with the hope that they would send someone back out to finish the job.  I called, e-mailed, and filled out a form on their webpage.  I did not receive any response from Wave until the next day.  My guest was long gone by then along with his rental fee for that long weekend. \n\nOverall, Wave House Cleaning's cleaners (and\/or computer system) have cost me more than $2,000 in lost rental revenue.  I simply cannot afford to keep using them and relying on them.\n\nWhile I considered giving Wave two stars since most of the time they have been quick to respond and try to make things right, I just cannot bring myself to do it.  However, in fairness to them, I will say that when they pulled the no-show, they offered my next cleaning for free.  And when their cleaner decided to take the day off, they offered me half off my next cleaning.  \n\nWith that said, I would not recommend using Wave if you need someone to reliably show up at a specific time.  I also would not recommend them if you cannot be there to check their work.  I personally will never use Wave House Cleaning again.\n\n*ONE STAR*