The chef of this dump must not work on Saturday's or is too lazy to make fresh food for his customers on the weekend. Why bother opening your doors on Saturday if all your gonna do is serve us food that was cooked earlier and is sitting in his heating lamp area all day drying out and just getting nasty?  There is a giant hot case and all your choices are in there sitting in various bowls (pork bowl, brisket bowl, etc) and then there were two giant bowls of old ass mac and cheese that had no taste whatsoever and was all crusted up and hard by the time it made into my to-go box. ($2.25 for tiny side dish)\n    Another annoying situation is the specials that they were advertising which was a sandwich, drink and side for $8.95, but that doesn't include his brisket. Uniformed woman at the counter, who looked more like she was the cleaning lady, claimed its because the brisket is more expensive. Well, after trying Brian Banasek's brisket, that meat should be lesser money than the others. I also got overcharged for one of those cans of Arizona Iced Tea that says 99 cents on the label. Are they charging me $1.50 for that drink because Banasek is a price gouger that likes jacking up prices and ripping off his customers? That's the only conclusion I could come too.\n     For some reason the counter woman put pork and brisket on my sandwich. If it wasn't for the color, both meats could resemble eachother. Stringy, dry brisket (some burnt ends) served with a horrible thick, molasses based? BBQ sauce that is loaded with sugar and just is horrendous. The mac and cheese was perhaps the worst ever, sporting some various colorful peppers in the dish and no cheese at all. That's what you get when you leave your food in a Giant toaster oven all day dude - it dries up and gets crusted over and your sitting at your house in your PJ's collecting money. Sorry, your BBQ sucks Banasek, and you should be ashamed of your performance on Saturday. The first telecommuting chef in Phoenix. Thanks.\n\nUPDATE\nok, now there is a little boy named Micheal Wengert harrassing me. The guy can't even put together a complete sentence in his emails. He claims to run things at Mesa location, but he is just a server. Plus anybody who was trained how to cook in Scottsdale like Banasek has no business cooking BBQ. When this location closes, I will personally be on hand toasting his surmise. He already failed at two restaurants, so what's one more Brian?