I wish I hadn't had to visit this auto repair\/body shop but, alas, I've finally become a true Pennsylvanian by hitting my first deer with my car.  I'm ok and the car really suffered the least amount of damage possible considering the speed with which I struck the deer.  The deer --- not as fortunate, sadly.\n\nMy insurance company, State Farm, has a relationship with this auto repair\/body shop in which they each work it out with one another on the repair estimate and billing plus it's very convenient to where I live so I opted to take my car here for the required repairs.\n\nI am very pleased.\n1)  Rob was my contact person and was very informative on about how many days it would take, the estimate, and getting me the appointment when parts came in.\n2)  The final bill was pretty close to the initial estimate -- a few other minor things were found to be needed.\n3)  The time away from my car was pretty close to the initial estimate -- parts came in later than expected throwing the time off by a day.\n4)  The entire staff was very pleasant to work with.\n5)  Efficiency, Efficiency, Efficiency! -- paperwork for me to sign was as minimal as you can get, time necessary to drop the car off and pick it up was the least amount of time you can expect.\n6) Oh, and efficiency?  Enterprise car rental is on-site and, again, has a relationship with my insurance company, Sate Farm, so, again, in and out in a flash with very minimal paperwork in the end.  John was my contact person and was very helpful.  I'm reviewing the Enterprise transaction here because it looks as if Enterprise does not list this as a general Enterprise rental place.  Perhaps then it is only available to clients of Cochran Collision center.  My only beef:  the selection of autos available to rent were high-end and big models.  I was given a choice of 3 vehicles -- a Cadillac big car, and Audi big car, and a Buick big car.  They said they had a Ford Focus but it needed maintenance.  I selected the big Cadillac and it was a nice car with only 250 miles logged on it before I added my own.  But, it's not my car of choice for model or size and would not fit in my garage.  My real beef about this is that is would certainly have the appearance that Enterprise stocks the line of cars it does because, after all, most people at a collision shop have insurance.  You see where I'm going with this.  Not nice.  Ya need some compact cars, Enterprise....geez.\n\nI would say I'll be back but I really hope not to have a need, all things considered!