Walking into Kaleidoscope is like walking into church for me; the chlorophyll water cleanses me of alcohol-imbibed sins, the grab and go cooler sings the gospel when I open its doors and lay my eyes on all the vegan options, and pastor\/coowner Brooke always takes the time to guide me through their pure and righteous cold-pressed juice options.  Hashtag PRESSED AND BLESSED. \n\nSeriously, Kaleidoscope is my jam. I visit this location the most because its closest to where I live. It has the best vibes without the uppity \"see and be seen\" atmosphere that so many trendy juice shops have these days. On top of the amazing drinks and food, the store also has the COOLEST trinkets and knick knacks. Without fail, I end up wandering around looking at all the incredible hippie things to help me live a more zen life. Don't forget to pick a daily affirmation card from the Affirmators deck on the table - they're so funny and a great boost of motivation!\n\nIt's hard to recommend a favorite juice or drink because I always end up trying something new. Some standouts include the beauty latte with dried rose petals (pinky out!), flu shots, literally every single green juice because they're so delicious and good for you, chlorophyll water, collagen water, black bean soup, mock tuna salad, curry chickpea salad, and of course THE PROTEIN COOKIES. I can't even mention the protein cookies without screaming because that's how lit I get about these mouthwatering little pieces of literal nirvana. BELIEVE MY HYPE. I tried them for the first time when my thoughtful coworker brought me some vegan ones to try - I almost had to leave work to go home to lie down because I thought I had died and gone to heaven. I literally didn't work for 30 minutes because I transcended to a higher spiritual place made of cookies and dreams. \n\nKaleidoscope balances nutrition, good vibes, and being down to earth better than the rest. I still ask for help every time because the staff is so friendly and helpful and I love trying new things. Kaleidoscope til the death of me, which hopefully won't be happening anytime soon thanks to their magic elixirs!