The two star is for the horrible seating arrangements we keep getting, AND the pitiful apologies that the \"managers\" give.  The food has always been an easy 5 star.  This opening mirrors my Jan 2015 review, and as you can see seating still sucks.  This time though, in addition to the small seating arrangements, we had a \"party\" going on next to us.  The unfortunate thing is that we were already half way through our meals, and to move just would have been too inconvenient.  \n\nNow we are all for a good time, but these inconsiderate hyenas were just awful.  They were a table of 8 with one girl who just had a LOUD, echoing, irritating laugh that would fill the whole back area.  I mean every table around us just kept looking over at them like, \"REALLY?!\"  At one point, I complained to the waitress who said she would tell a manager.  Well whether that happened or not, the hyenas just kept on like they were at a beer bust.  Why the manager did not go over (as I'm sure there were other complaints) is beyond me.  But that's what continues to bring on ratings such as mine.  The only other complaint is that I never got my bacon wrapped filet after asking 4 times!  Whatever.  \n\nWe have been coming here for years.  We also bring our clients and their families several times a month.  Our parties would range from 8-16 every time.  As the years have gone by, the accommodating service has gone to the wayside.  My chief complaint is that they always try to seat more people than the table setting can handle.  For instance, 8 people on a 6 people setting with 2 people seated to the outside.  Well anyone that has eaten here knows that there is NO ROOM for people to eat like that.  I mean it is very uncomfortable and crowded once food starts coming.  Each time I explain this to the managers, I get the same excuse that they are booked and that's all that they have.  On one occasion, I  asked that they add a table and was told that they couldn't do that.  As I started to take my party out to leave, the manager came over and said that they would just add a table.  Really?  It take that to accommodate your patrons?\n\nSadly, we will no longer bring our clients to enjoy your food.  My family will still come because the food is awesome.  We will just crunch together and be uncomfortable.