WHAT'S WITH THE FRO YO?\n\nDue to the overwhelming check ins of several un-named Yelpers I had no choice but to bookmark this place and go there eventually. Well, on a hot triple digit afternoon I decided to take the fam after telling them that these guys have the Dole Pineapple Whip. As soon as they heard that they couldnt get here fast enough.\n\nAfter about some lengthy driving......we finally make it! I was thinking were going to Boulder City after a while for it was literally only a couple more miles up the freeway. The last time we had Dole Pineapple Whip was at a stand inside Disneyland just in front of the Enchanted Tiki Room. This fro you they have here tastes just like it. Now if they would only sell pineapple juice and pineapple spears.......\n\nJust like any other fro yo place, they have all sorts of toppings at your disposal. One thing I noticed that stood out was that you can get a layer of waffle cone for your cup. Whatever you decide, you pay for total weight in ounces. After getting 3 nice sized cups, the bill came out to about 15 bucks. I would say that's about average.\n\nI like the ambience of the place. Looks like place you can hang out and shoot the breeze with your friends while having some fro yo. For those old school video gamers, they actually have a some upright video games in the back called the family room. No quarters needed. Just hit start and off you go! They have Pac Man and Donkey Kong! The other upright one was a mix of about 10 old school games as well but you gotta play it on a really tiny screen. The only thing that was a downer was that the joystick for the Pac Man game was not working correctly meaning that whatever direction you want your Pac Man to go, didnt always went that way. Yeah, I hate it whenever my joystick goes in different directions. Just ask my wife. Lol. Oh well, its free so no complaints right?\n\nOverall, its not a bad place to hang out. I just dont wanna drive all the way across town and virtually into Boulder City for some fro yo unless I or my wife was really craving it. Btw, they dont take American Express.\n\nYelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #155 \"Pineapple fro yo ftw!\"