Oh man. \nThis place has great large rooms which are really villas with kitchen, whirlpool, etc. it ends there. If I could give negative stars, I would. \nThe customer service is beyond horrible. \n1. They did not write down the Internet access information when we checked in, so I tried to call the front desk, and was placed on hold for 17 minutes before finally giving up. My husband then walked to the front desk to get the information and was told that it was written on his card packet at check-in (it wasn't) but they told him it was a disaster at the desk (there was a long line) and that he had to go back and check the card packet. He came back to the room to get it to show them nothing was written. So they finally wrote down the info, barely apologized, and while my husband was standing there another man came in furious about being on hold on his phone for so long. An hour later, we finally were able to use Internet, but only one device at a time. \n2. In order to use the free shuttle (which only runs once per hour) you have to sign up. Fine. But when we called the front desk to register, we were told that you must sign up in person. So even sitting on the phone giving them a specific time doesn't work. Had to walk over there again to deal with their ridiculously poor service. \n3. Our key cards kept not working on the outside fence. We had to go get new keys three times and still they would stop working. There is no way to prop the gate open except to put a piece of furniture or luggage in it. So frustrating to get locked out every other time! \n4. Our room was poorly serviced, they sloppily made the sleeper bed but not the regular bed, and didn't replace all of the towels. The ceiling is paper thin and it sounded like our upstairs neighbors were moving furniture all the time. \n5. When my husband told the manager he had several issues, she was very indifferent and said he was welcome to come and talk to her (?!) but that she was the only one at the desk at the time (so, in other words, later.) \n6. Our main issue, we had a small trailer that we were traveling with that easily fits in a standard parking space and were told that it is against their policy to have any type of trailer on the property (however, there was a Uhaul trailer sitting outside all weekend) ... We had a two room villa with 7 people that easily justifies two parking spaces, but were forced to park it across the street in their unguarded lot, then told that they had no liability for it (part of the reason for booking this property is the guarded entry... But now our trailer is unprotected. It does NOT state this policy on the booking sites.) We woke up the second morning to a graffiti tag on it, had to make a police report, and Westgate just repeated their no trailer policy and said they were sorry and their guard had been watching it. Really?! \nIf you are considering this hotel, don't. You will be sorry. We've stayed in hotels literally across the globe, and this was hands down one of the worst experiences.