We came here to eat Saturday evening for dinner with our party of 13.  There weren't very many people in the restaurant dining, which seems odd for Saturday evening.  The restaurant is pretty spacious with many tables and can seat probably more than 200 people.  Not sure.  Didn't count.\n\nMy immediate family and I arrived late, while the rest of my family were already there.  They had ordered a number of seafood dishes, included were lobster, crab (not sure the names of each of those dishes), Honey Walnut Shrimp, some scallop dish with snow peas, a bok choy & mushroom dish, Peking Duck, a beef dish with onions, some type of soup that seemed to have some bird's nest or something that resembled that.  I think there might have been another dish or two, but can't quite remember.  \n\nLet me start with the good stuff.  The dishes seemed large with plenty of food.  The table seemed big enough for the 13 of us.  The lazy Susan was large for the large table.  The food did come out hot\/warm.\n\nI was quite disappointed about the food, though.  I am a saucy person and usually LOVE sauce with Chinese dishes and otherwise.  However, everything was deeply doused in sauces, like the food was almost drowning in sauce.  That sort of defeats the purpose of tasting the food.  And, everything was just really fatty and greasy.  They were very liberal with the oil and I mean REALLY liberal.  The food and sauce was just sitting in oil, every dish and that even included the bok choy with the mushrooms.  Totally unnecessary to use all that oil.\n\nWe don't expect healthy, healthy, but some of the sauces might have been sitting for awhile as this was probably 7:30-8:00 pm Saturday evening from earlier in the day, and not sure if the sauces were freshly made as oil tends to coagulate when dishes sit for too long.\n\nThe Peking Duck looked good, but we've had this dish at many other places.  And, this dish, being that it takes a fair amount of preparation time as well as expensive, this was a huge disappointment for myself and my immediate family.  Normally with this dish, you get the skin with each skin piece usually having meat with it.  About half the skin pieces had meat and the other half didn't.  Extremely greasy.  Once again, we know this is not a low fat dish, but we've had this at a number of other places and it is in comparison to those places.\n\nAnd with Peking Duck, the duck that isn't used will be prepared to make another dish.  This truly is the sloppiest dish I'd ever seen for Peking Duck.  You pay a lot for this dish and you expect them to put the work into it.  It's like they threw the rest of the duck pieces, poured some sauce, and threw in some green beans.  Seriously, I think the youngest member of our party, a 4 year old, could have done better.\n\nMost of us ended up not even eating this dish because it was so hard to see what you were eating, whether it was a boned piece that had any meat or not.  I just gave up on this.\n\nThe Honey Walnut Shrimp was okay, but they really put A LOT of mayonnaise.  There is a point that you say, this is really just too much and it was too much.  The shrimp were big though, so that is a plus.  The walnuts were not too caramelized as they should be.\n\nWhen I asked for rice, I got some sort of look, like they didn't want to give us rice.  What the heck?  This is a Chinese restaurant and giving you white rice is a hassle?\n\nMy sister and her family weren't feeling well throughout the night after this meal, so the meal must have had MSG.  My immediate family and I weren't too bothered, so it must not have been a lot of MSG, but my sister and her family more sensitive.  It would be nice to know regarding the MSG, but I wasn't in charge of ordering and cannot comment if their menu said it was MSG free or not.  \n\nThe beef dish, some of the beef pieces were well done and others were practically raw.  What the heck?  How can this be?  Was it some of the beef was leftover from another dish and they threw that in with fresher stuff but didn't cook the newer beef?  Not really cool.\n\nLastly, the dessert stuff.  It was supposed to be a hot tofu thing (don't know the English word for it and I don't know how to write it in Chinese).  They only gave us 4 bowls, rather than 13, which is the number in our party.  Instead, they gave us leftover Sesame Balls cut in half probably leftover from Dim Sum.  The red bean paste inside wasn't fresh because it was in a little ball rather than really pasty when it's fresh.  We know this as we have this at normal Dim Sum and it's not supposed to look like that.\n\nIt was really not cool to just give leftover crap for dessert.  To add injury to insult, the lady that gave my mom the bill (not sure if she is a co-owner or what), she had some very mean things to say regarding some of us in Chinese, thinking we didn't know how to speak Chinese, which I am fluent and so is one of my brothers.  And my sister knows enough to understand what she was saying, and her husband.