You know it's bad when you walk out of a restaurant annoyed and stressed....\n\nMy husband and father-in-law decided we were going to go out for steak, our experience here was horrible. The only reason why this restaurant is getting 2 stars is because the food was actually good. The rest of the experience was a nightmare.\n\nWe get there and we're the 1st people to get put on the waiting list. Our number is 102. We sit for about 5 minutes and then our number is called, so we wander up to the hostess stand. The girl seating people grabbed the wrong couple 108. Not sure how you go from 102 to 108, but she was clueless and her co-workers voiced their opinion of her in that respect. We get seated and ask for a sling since we can't shove the car seat into the booth. I guess the manager of the store doesn't have any common sense, because the slings they have are like 2ft tall, and the table is much higher than that. You pretty much have to sit on the very edge of the seat to see your baby, even when you've pulled the sling right next to you. If this wasn't bad enough, we were seated right at the mouth of the runway, so we ran the risk of having my child run over by everybody that went through. At this point, im pretty stressed, and we haven't even ordered drinks yet!\n\nOur waitress comes up, some blonde bimbo (and I'm being nice), and I have no idea what she was saying because:\n\n1. It was extremely loud.\n2. She was talking so fast that everything seemed to run together.\n3. The kids behind us were screaming... in my ear (I will get to this later).\n\nInstead of asking her to repeat what she just said, I just ordered my food and hoped that it would turn out right. Through the meal, she didn't come back much, so needless to say our drinks were not filled and the rolls never came back after the 1st batch was gone.\n\nWhile we're waiting, we try to have a conversation but this proved to be difficult. The way the seats are, if you're in a booth, the backs of the booth is connected to another one, so if you lean back a little, you'll hit the person sitting behind you. Now that you have this picture, put 2 really annoying and screaming toddlers behind you. During my meal, I had:\n\n1. My hair pulled\n2. Slobbered on\n3. Screamed in my ear\n4. Hit in my head and back numerous times by fists, feet, and balloon animals.\n5. Kid fell on our side of the bench, had to shove it back over\n\nYes, I understand that the parents there should have contained their animals, but the problem I have is that this wouldn't have happened if the benches weren't hooked together in such a tight place. I also noticed that we were stuck in the section with nothing but screaming kids, I did not appreciate that at all. Just because I have a kid, doesn't mean it's going to act an idiot in a restaurant so please don't put me with the rest of the zoo.\n\nFinally, we receive our food. The waitress hung the tray of food RIGHT OVER MY BABY. I wanted to slap this girl for not having any brains! I ordered the NY Strip, med rare with sautéed mushrooms, and loaded mashed potatoes. The meat was cooked a little too rare (it was still pretty cool in the middle), but at that point, I was ready to woof down my food and get the hell out of there. I ended up taking my time and enjoyed my food. The mushrooms did not overpower the taste of the steak and the potatoes were slightly seasoned with garlic, just the way I like it. My husband and father-in-law all had good things to say about their rib eye. We all pretty much had the same sides, salad and potatoes so overall the actual food was pretty tasty. \n\nWith all that said, this place does have good steak, but go either early dinner time before the crowd gets there or go for lunch. Hopefully you'll have better luck than I did.