I loved the setting. HOT is located on a fairly busy street, but you would never know it sitting on the patio surrounded by trees. Free parking is available at the meters after 6 pm Monday through Saturday. \n\nThey have a lot of outdoor seating, I actually didn't take a peek inside other than to wash my hands before dinner. The space on the wooden patio outside is cozy (that means that some of tables are pretty close together). We sat right next to the fireplace, but they also have plenty of heat lamps to keep you warm on a chilly night. And the tables are pretty small to keep everything on them (2 water glasses, 2 wine glasses, candle, 2 bread plates, 2 dinner plates, utensils, salt and pepper, flower vase, bread basket, butter). We had to move some stuff to the top edge of the fireplace. \n\nWe were still pretty stuffed from our heavy lunch so we passed on starters and decided to munch on bread and order dinner. The bread was pretty good, but the lemon poppy butter (it changes every night) was amazing. It was so light, sweet and tangy. We expected to get more of it when we asked for more bread and butter, but they just brought out plain butter. Our waitress said they had only make so much because it changes every night, so you have to ask specifically for it their special butter of the night if you want more. Weird that they were already out since it was maybe 7:30 pm. \n\nFor dinner I had the ballotine of chicken stuffed with brioche foie gras stuffing (you get 3 pieces), cognac demi glace, sautéed spinach and butternut squash puree. It was heaven. And all went together perfectly. Mike had the beef tenderloin on horseradish whipped potatoes, sautéed spinach, bacon onion jam and red wine demi glace. Although he ordered it medium it came out almost well done. It was kind of hard to immediately tell the donenss when he cut into the steak (other than the texture) because it is pretty dark outside. The wait staff really should have a small flashlight and wait for you to cut into it so you can tell.  However, they quickly apologized for the mistake and promptly brought out a new plate. Mike said the meat wasn't very flavorful. \n\nThis place can be pretty pricey. For just 2 dinners and 2 glasses of wine, plus tax and tip our bill came out to be just over $90. The atmosphere was nice and the food was good, but I thought it was just a bit overpriced. Heard that lunch is a better deal so I'll have to come back for that.