I used to be a Seor (i.e. someone that can see things in the future, a clairvoyant, a mystic), but I lost the ability when I gave birth to my first boy (aka san, as opposed to doughter), so they now call him the Seor, but I call him Seor AKA San.\n\nLong story short, this place has some of the best Korean food anywhere in Ontario. I don't have to be a clairvoyant to know that. But my friend Clair (Clair Voyant) agrees.\n\nWhat to get: Kam Ja Tang (Pork Bone Soup)\nWhy: Baby, that is what you Kam for. Lightning strikes when you taste the soup. And everybody's watching you. But you're looking at. Sou-hoo-hoo-hoo-houp. Sou-hoo-hoo-hoo-houp. \n\nThe KJT is the star of the show, and it's not only Calvin and Rihanna that think so. Just look at the other reviews. And with good reason. It's easily, by a distance, the best Pork Bone Soup I've ever had. It's similar to Yuk Gae Jang, which they don't have, but is offered at many other Korean places.\n\nThe Kam Ja Tang is red juicy spicy delicious heaven, and there's tons of it in this order, too. It's dirt cheap, and even if it was twice as much it'd be worth it. It's orgasmic, and it is second only in Toronto to the incredible fried Pork and Chive dumplings across the street at Dumpling House.\n\nIt's got tons of pork, enormous portion, perfect spice, lovely sides too. One of the best meals I've ever had in Canada, really.\n\nI brought a few cute choirboys here, and by the end of the meal, we all San from the same hymn sheet about the Kam Ja Tang.\n\nI wish they had Yuk Gae Jang though, even though some of their dishes are similar.\n\nSo what is YGJ? It's the best thing Koreans ever invented, that's what! Forget Kimchi, ok no don't that's amazing too, but forget Kimchi for the sake of arguments (leave that stuff to Kimchi Kardashian and Kimchi Basinger), and forget Bulgogi (which looks less sexy when worn than Bvlgari anyway), and focus for a minute, Ari Grande style, on YGJ.\n\nIt's an amazing, spicy-but-not-too-spicy, delicious bright red beef noodle soup, with all sorts of amazing veggies and sprouts and noodles mixed in there along with egg and tofu and beef and basically just... heaven. Might be my fave Asian dish of all.\n\nThe service here is absolutely lovely, and it's depressing that they're usually not as busy as some of the other, often inauthentic, and usually inferior Asian restaurants around this Chinatown district of Toronto. Perhaps because they don't offer the flashy stuff that non-Asians in general come to Chinatown for, such as pot stickers and bubble teas and the like? I don't know. But you know, if non-Asians (and indeed non-Koreans) aren't familiar with dishes such as Kam Ja Tang and Yuk Gae Jang, then they are really, really missing out. These dishes are so good, they should be beloved by all people of all nations and cultures.\n\nLike McDonald's is.\n\nOh wait.\n\nAnyway McDonald's is a bit of a Seor subject with me so I'm going to end this review now. Get here. Order Kam Ja Tang. Thank me later. Or now if you prefer. In advance works.