Whoa! The longer I'm in this area the more and more I realize that you should not judge any south Etobicoke businesses by their \"cover\" I was working away in a near-by coffee shop and felt I earned a cheat meal and a cold pint of beer - we've all had 'those days' right?\n\nI've passed Sloppy Joe's a bunch of times but wrote it off in my head as a local dive. I decided to give a whirl this time as my thirst exceeded past judgments and wow, it totally redeemed itself. It wasn't scary inside at all, just a classic local pub with a massive wooden bar, small dance floor and an abundance of large flat screen TVs facing every possible direction (so you can watch from anywhere in the restaurant).\n\nTheir beer selection is domestic mostly with a few well known foreign premiums on tap as well. There even was a couple of one-off craft beers but none that I heard of before.\n\nAs for the menu, I was super into the idea of having a Sloppy Joe, I mean where do you ever see those on a menu? But then as I looked over the pictures on Yelp I was swayed to ordering chicken wings as most reviews and pictures bragged about how great these were. You can order either 10 or 20 wings on the menu (that's approximately 1.5 or 3 pounds of wings) in a variety of standard sauces. I opted for the 20 as I'm accustomed to tiny pub wings. Not here. In what I thought was a very long time later (for chicken wings) a pile of large wings was placed before me - these were not 'standard' by any means and their size made clear to me the extra cooking time likely needed to make these perfect.\n\nThese were some of the plumpest, moist, delicious wings I've had in some time. Perfectly cooked through and perfectly sauced (hot and honey for me). Not one wing was burned or over cooked on the outside and they were so hot that I could barely hold them for too long!!! Ordering 20 for one person was definitely too much for me, I couldn't even finish them, there were still about 4 left, and I'm pretty sure I was full by my 10th or 11th wing.\n\nQuite a review, I know, for chicken wings but these were a big surprise and definitely a hidden gem in my opinion. If you're near Longbranch and Lakeshore look up Sloppy Joes and come for the wings (or try a sloppy joe).\n\nEatcrest Out