Some people come to enjoy their huge aquarium. We came to escape the Downtown madness...oh, and the food!\n\nI frequented the Chart House on Oahu many times. I had fond memories of their happy hour, great view, and amazing food. I did learn that many of them are now Landry's, including the one here in Vegas. However, upon viewing the menu, I was happy to see it was similar to the Chart House menu I remember. \n\nI was very happy to have included a meal here during my Downtown staycation for Valentine's weekend this year. Here's what our table had to eat, devoured is more like it!\n\nKim Chee Calamari\nSpanish Blues Mussels\nFilet Mignon\nLobster Tail\nTour de Shrimp\nChocolate Lava Cake. Ordered. Got full. Vowed to attempt next visit!\n\nThe food was great. Kim Chee Calamari was recommended to us, it's very different than your typical calamari appetizer, but delicious! I would probably pass on the mussels, it was prepared well but nothing spectacular. My boyfriend enjoyed his perfectly cooked filet, but noted that the 4oz lobster tail add-on wasn't worth the price. My favorite shrimp preparation for my Tour de Shrimp entree was with the cedar plank chimichurri. As you can imagine, this was a classic case of \"Your eyes are bigger than your stomachs.\" We had pre-ordered the Chocolate Lava Cake (takes about 30mins), however, we didn't come close to having room for it. Leaving with our doggy-bags, we promised to return for dessert another night!\n\nI'd have to say that Chart House is more casual than I anticipated. I wouldn't choose it for a romantic night, I'm not sure if it's kid-friendly, but definitely a great choice for dinner with friends and family. \n\nLast but not least, we had the pleasure of having one of the best servers ever, Valerie. She was amazing! She made great menu recommendations, timely and efficient, great personality, and at the same time, let us have our evening without hovering the table. We didn't think our entrees took a long time to arrive, but she said it had been delayed in the kitchen. The manager came by to apologize for the wait, and Valerie still checked up on us. As we apologized for cancelling our dessert, she was quick to say it was no problem and effortlessly sold it to her other table. We will definitely request Valerie for our next dinner there!\n\nChart House, you fed us well. We will be back!