I had a rough time deciding how to review Green Forest. It has some amazing pros... but some pretty terrible cons at the same time. Let's just say that Green Forest is lucky that a Fogo de Chao hasn't opened in Pittsburgh. Otherwise, I'm pretty sure Green Forest would be out of business.\n\nThe hubby and I dined at Green Forest for the first time on Friday night with a large party. First impressions were a little rough. The restaurant is located in an office complex-type building. While trying to figure out where we were going, I felt like we were headed for either the dentist or to apply for a home loan.\n\nThe interior was even worse than the exterior. It was dark and dreary, circa 1994. The bar was very dated, and an adjacent \"living room\" area was cluttered with firewood and random stuff. Unfortunately, I had to go to the bathroom a couple of times over the four hours that we drank and dined there. The bathrooms were located down a creepy, medical-style corridor and were in terrible shape for a restaurant that charges $40 per plate. \n\nThe salad bar area seemed a little arbitrary to me. I would have enjoyed more options for a lettuce salad and traditional sides (say, potatoes or pasta) as opposed to the assorted offerings of soup, sides, cheese, sushi, pasta salads, etc. I tried a strange side that looked deliciously cheesy and saucy... until I realized that fish was part of the concoction, too. I was also challenged by the fact that there were only tiny bowls at the salad bar as opposed to full sized plates. It really limited the amount of things that I was able to get at one time.\n\nHowever, despite being disappointed by the salad bar, I was not disappointed by the meat! Wow, the meat was incredible!! This was the one area of the restaurant that I thought was better than its Fogo de Chao competition. Most of the Green Forest meats were cooked rare or medium rare, which I absolutely love. However, a friend of ours barely ate any of the beef options because they were practically mooing, as I like to say. Of course, the major disadvantage of cooking the meat so rare is alienating some of the customers.\n\nFinally, customer service was excellent compared to most restaurants, but not as amazing for a Brazilian restaurant. I don't think there were enough employees walking the meats around, and I only saw a few of my favorite cuts a couple times. I was also never so overwhelmed by meat that I had to turn my card over to \"No.\" And yes, being overwhelmed is a great feeling in a Brazilian restaurant!\n\nMy recommendation to customers would be to check out this restaurant if you've never eaten at a Brazilian place before. My recommendation to the owners would be to upgrade the decor to take them from a 3 star to a 4 star establishment.