This was the worst \"fine\" dinning experience I've ever had. Wellington's is a pretender. Their idea of fine dining is a façade of waiters dressed in black wainscots, with wooden paneled walls and a coat check. Besides serving us food that wasn't fit for a dog, the service was pathetic. Executive Chef Nick Georgoulis should be ashamed of his kitchen staff and the meal we were served. \n\nFor an appetizer, I ordered the French Onion soup. I'm wiling to bet it was Campbell's straight from the can, served with a soggy crouton and stringy, melted cheese.The broth was oily and lacked any real flavor. The only thing that stood out was its saltiness. The onions weren't caramelized nor was the cheese browned. Tim Hortons serves better soup. \n\nThe terribly prepared soup set the stage for the rest of the meal. For the main, I ordered the Seafood Linguine. The dish was missing the scallops. Worse yet, the mussels smelled VERY off and some had not opened. \n\nFor a $27 Seafood linguine I expect fresh shellfish, not dead mussels, canned clams and previously frozen ingredients. I also expect the pasta to be made in house. That's why I'm paying $27 in a fine dinning restaurant! Canned clams, and dead mussels what were you thinking? \n\nWhen the waiter came to check on us, I explained the problem. He didn't seem too interested. He offered me another choice and when I declined he said something to the effect of, \"well I tried...\" I believe the proper response would have been to get the manager. Instead, two of us got to sit around and watch the third eat.\n\nUnfortunately the guy playing manager was sprawled out in the lobby chair, talking on the phone. Clearly he was too busy making personal calls than to fulfill his managerial obligations. The hostess was texting on her blackberry. It made me think of three city workers standing around, while one guy holds a sign.\n\nWellington's fails in all departments: their menu is an uninspired relic from 30 years ago, charging $25 - $65 for entrées that don't deliver, There's no accountability nor quality controls. If the chef or owner cared at all they should be stunningly embarrassed. \n\nAs an open review, I'd love for Wellington's to challenge that anything I stated is inaccurate.