20 Volume Salon & Spa has officially lost me as a client. Of course I will discourage anyone else from seeking their services for their hair. I have been to 20 volume probably 4 or 5 times and so I would say I am a fairly new costumer. As a natural redhead, I am rather particular about who I allow do my hair. Up until a few weeks ago, I only allowed Stacey, the manager and \"master stylist\" to cut my hair. But I recently decided I had wanted a change and that so we discussed dying my hair using either a balayage technique or all over color. I showed her some ideal pictures and so we decided on the balayage. The idea is similar to an ombre but a little less drastic and more natural looking.  After spending nearly 3.5 hrs in the salon after having worked an entire night shift and 160.00 later, I was less than impressed. The blonde color was VERY subtle and consisted of about 3 inches on my ends whereas it should have comprised a greater portion of my hair. My initial reaction was that it was \"just ok, whatever, I guess I like it.\" Part of that reaction was because I spent the entire night working a 12 hour shift and I just wanted to get out of the salon. Also, my hair was of course curled so it was hard to actually see what was going on until I straightened it. The next day I spent trying to like my overpriced dye job that appeared dried out. The product seemed heavily applied in some areas and clearly not applied enough in other areas creating an amateur look. It's not at all what I would expect from someone who is considered a \"master stylist.\" To be honest, Stacy's personal style should have told me I should have opted for someone else. It's should always be a tell-tale sign, if your stylist's hair looks a hot mess, yours probably will too. What really frustrates me more than anything is not the overpriced product I was sold, but the poor customer service that resulted thereafter. I called expressing dissatisfaction with my hair a couple days later. I would have done it sooner but I worked 3 12 hr shifts immediately following my hair experience and clearly they aren't open the hours that I am awake. When I called 4 days after my botch job, Stacy had the day off and the next week off for that matter. I explained to Lindsey, the receptionist, that I was unhappy and wanted an allover color to be applied to achieve my natural color or something close to. I clarified several times that I wouldn't be charged again for services rendered and she reassured me that I wouldn't. I also asked for her name in case if there were any issues. A followup appointment was made for a week out since Stacey had time off and I patiently waited. When I arrived at my appointment, I explained to Stacey that I just didn't like my hair. I explained that the ends looked simply washed out and that I would just like an all over color to get rid of them. I chose a red that was brighter than my natural, but red fades, and I can't imagine one all over color costing more than another if the technique is the same. Stacy told me that she would have to charge me 75.00 to fix my hair as it was an entirely different style. I explained to her that I discussed this already with Lindsey who stated that I would absolutely not be charged and that she stated this on more than 1 occasion. She told me that Lindsey must not have understood as she documented that I wanted to come in for a couple more highlights. I told Stacy that it was obvious that Lindsey didn't understand and that I couldn't have been more explicit or clear what I wanted. Needless to say she wouldn't budge and suggested doing an all over color at my next visit in 6-8 weeks. I was rather appalled that as a business owner, she felt this was the answer to fixing what she messed up. I told her I would not be returning and that she can cancel my future appointment. Since I have a friend who is a stylist, I will be going to her in the future. Even she looked at my hair and stated she couldn't believe the horrible styling job I was sold. She stated \"I thought something looked a little different but I thought it was just where your ends had faded.\" NOT WORTH 160.00!