The Lodge is the manliest of manly bars. And when I say manly I mean, Midwestern manly, put on your camo's and trucker hat, pack up your PBR, jump in the F150 and head out to set up post and shoot some f'n deer... type of manly. There are stuffed animal carcasses and heads everywhere, chandeliers made out of elk antlers, carved wooden bar stools and bears (ahem Adam W.. carved wooden bear alert!) and tree logs used in every way possible to decorate. I think there was also a fire place, but I was so fascinated by the post taxidermy coyote that was posing so mysteriously on the mantle. I guess its because anything dog related I am gravitated to.. either way, its always interesting looking at something so close that you've never seen before. That or I'm 5 years old. \n\nAnother type of manly is that they use grilled cheese sandwiches as the BUN for a burger my friend ordered. Seriously,  a hamburger patty with all the fixings in between 2 grilled cheese's. Maybe this isnt manly, aside from the ability to be able to devour that much food..  so maybe its just ungodly fatty and unhealthy. Anyone participating in the \"Fat Off\" should not come here to eat. At all. And anyway I tried that burger, and it wasn't the shit. However, I did enjoy the criss cut fries and their ranch dressing is to die for. I need the recipe now. I crave that flavor.\n\nIts an interesting location for a place like this to be.. hidden among the trendy brodeo joints that I avoid like the plague. I liked the rustic feel this place had, and felt like drinking my Makers on the rocks was completely acceptable in a place like this. I don't care if its an 85 year old man drink, I love it and no one at the lodge looked at me like I had 10 heads when i ordered it, like everyone else does at most places I go. Plus Its got an extremely decent outdoor patio area fully equipped with heat lamps for those brisk desert evenings. Waitresses are nice, and cute which is always a plus, and the bathrooms didn't make me gag. So bravo. \n\nI don't see this place as becoming a regular stop while in Old Town, but I wouldn't mind going again. They have a super happy hour thing going on.. $3 beers, half price apps, $6 burger & beer.. cant beat that, plus  I love log cabins, and this place certainly reminded me of just that!