Bulldog:  Bullshit.\n\nOkay put aside gripes about bitchy barista and cramped space  and whatever and ask is the coffee good?  No.  Not at all.  \n\nI arrived in Toronto from the West Coast and, being a bit of a coffee freak, I turned to online forums to find the best espresso based coffee joint in Toronto.  Bulldog came up multiple times in coffee nerd forums as THE amazing spot.  So this was the first place I went to satisfy my craving expecting to be transported into coffee bliss with a latte.  \n\nWhat I got was a poor pour of espresso drowned in badly frothed milk.   There was too much milk, however it was not enough to cover up the fact that the shot was run too quickly, at too low a temperature.  Sour!  Blah.  \n\nCut To: A year later and I'm stranded in the area, needing coffee.  I get to thinking that perhaps I had a rare bad experience, and all the rave reviews this place is getting are warranted.  So this time I ordered a cappuccino to go.  After one sip I realized that I will never go back to Bulldog expecting a well prepared cup.  Somehow the espresso tasted bitter AND sour in the milk.  I'm guessing the machine was full of old shitty coffee grounds that put the bitter notes on the sour shot gushing through the portafilter.\n\nOkay, we've established that the coffee sucks.  Now we can gripe about the other things:\n\nA styrofoam cup!?!?  Come on, really?  I don't like drinking out of to-go cups to begin with.  But styrofoam?  Besides smelling weird and feeling icky on the mouth, how about poor mother nature getting fucked over?  If we have to create waste from drinking coffee can we at least do it out of something that will break down in less that five hundred years?  Please?\n\nAnd finally, the Barista that everybody loves to complain about.  I think that he is actually a sweet guy, and would be good for some interesting conversation.  I feel like his bitchy attitude is a bit of a show.  But too much of a show.  He takes the bitch motif one notch past amusing into annoying.  \n\nIf this dude was pouring godly shots and marrying it perfectly with finely crafted microfoam it would all be forgivable.  But he's not.  He's careless and haphazard and the product suffers.\n\nBut then I suppose most people who walk through the door at Bulldog aren't idiots like me who care about this nonsense.