It's mad, it's crowded, dirty, disorganized and if you're not careful a little old Asian lady WILL elbow you in the stomach to get by.  It's the complete antithesis of the Sobey's or Longo's experience.  I brought my friend's parents from Newfoundland to one of these Asian markets once, they walked in was mortified and walked out.  They hadn't seen this many people squished into one place in their lifetime.  The noise was deafening and it's a bit claustrophobic.  However, for a single person, I'm able to save $20-40 a month especially on fresh produce.  And for me an extra $400 a year in my pockets is worth this blood sport known as grocery shopping!  \n\nYes I can't get everything I need (like cheese or salad in a bag), but I can get things here I can't anywhere else.  I love my Asian BBQ, and you can get your roasted pork, duck, chicken all in one spot here.  You do have to be aware that if you don't ask for them to discard it, they will throw in the head if you order a whole Soy marinated chicken (see my photo).  It's funny, I used to never be bothered by this when I was a kid, but it now bothers me.  \n\nI manage to survive the experience and get around by imagining that this is what its probably like in Asia, and that I'm on a some kind of adventure vacation.  I put on my headphones, crank up some Gwar and pretend I'm in some version of the Running Man.  If you have enough imagination, your heart starts pumping and it's a game.\n\nFor those wondering where the fruits and meats are coming in from, you only need to take a look at the boxes.   Unlike Loblaws, they tend to move a crate of the fruits in and just open the box.  Most of them are clearly labelled from Ontario, Florida, California and South Africa.  For the meats, always look for the grade stamp.  The majority of the meat I've seen is all from Ontario.  Asians are the most finicky people you'll meet when it comes to freshness, and much of the seafood is kept in a zoo like aquarium.  It just doesn't get any fresher.\n\nIs this experience for everyone?  Probably not, but for the amount of money I save, it's worth it to wear some armour and do some warm-up stretching for my grocery shopping.