Shabu\/Hotpot has always been an iffy for me due to the illusion of 'all you can eat'. Is it really 'all you can eat' if you gotta wait for reloads of meat and veggie plates? Yes and No. Sure they'll bring you plate after plate after plate but you're at the establishment's mercy.\n\nEnter Shabu Grill. \n\nAside from specialty items and desserts which i'll go into later the setup is truely all you can eat but you're still at the establishment's mercy for a few items. \n\nI like the way this place is setup. Three (i think) food services grade fridges are stocked with meat, seafood, and veggies as well as a carton of eggs for your impending gluttony. No more asking for that 18th plate of rib eye just to see how small the portion sizes are coming and spare the server's feet he\/she's been walking all damn day. That's replace with three big-ass fridges that are kept stocked with food. I'd love to see a little more variety when it comes to the veggies but that's just me nitpicking. \n\nThe sauce station is well stocked but VERY overwhelming. There's just so many damn choices. If you dont know what you're doing, you'll end up with some weird 'little bit of everything' sauce that tastes like a nightmare. Would be extremely if they posted a sign for recommended combinations.\n\nAlright so now the reason for the three stars. Honestly i'd give this place a solid 3.5 if possible. Everything you need to get hot potted out the door is readily available to you at limitless quantities. Now the specialty items as well as the desserts are limited and some just need to go back to the drawing board. \n\nThe lamb chops are a hit or miss. One person at our table didnt like them but i ended up loving them. The seasonings arent that great but the lamb itself is on the gamey side which i like. Meat stuffed mushrooms...yeah go ahead and pass on these. Fried tofu was good, not too oily, still soft and tender on the inside.\n\nOkay i forgot what they're called but they're little fish that have been deep fried and you eat them head to tail whole. They contain roe which is why you order them. ORDER THEM! Order these tasty sons of bitches. Order six. They wont let you? Order six anyway. The manager is coming out? Good that means more hands to carry the TWELVE orders of these mofos. They called the police? Good! Have them stop by the seafood market and pick up a few more boxes of these tasty pregnant fish.\n\nSo overall go for the limitless option of hot pot, dont expect much from the specialties menu except for them fish i was talking about, and for dessert just go for the ice cream, either strawberry or vanilla. Other options are lacking. Like the coconut rice and mango i've been hearing about...lacking as in it wasnt even on the menu at time of dining.\n\n*EDIT*\nJust bumped them up one star. Saw the transaction on my card for how much this place costs. Not too shabby once the food to cost ratio is factored in.\n\n\nYelp 100 - 040 of 100