Very bad experience at Royal. Indian food is one of my favorites and I was very excited to find a semi-upscale Indian restaurant in a Vegas casino, but what a disappointment. I think we might have made a mistake going for dinner though. In my experience, Indian restaurants are typically better for the lunch buffet.\n\n1. Service- I'm not really sure whether to complain about service or not. We were not really ignored, but at the time we were the only ones in the restaurant so not that hard. I also felt like the wait staff was trying to push me to spend more money the whole time. They asked if I wanted an appetizer 3 times, asked if I wanted a bottle of wine rather than a glass a couple times, asked if I wanted to add sides or extra bread and weren't clear if they would be extra charge. Just slightly annoying. Also my entree was pretty spicy and they kept letting my water go empty (again, we were the only ones there)\n\n2. Food-  I ordered the goat masala, which was one of the 3 or 4 items under the menu section \"specialties\". When I see this in a restaurant I usually assume they mean these are their best dishes, the ones they are known for. The rice was pretty good. Its pretty hard to mess up rice. The naan bread was also pretty good. The sauce was a little spicier than I expected, but I liked it (and they did offer a milder version). The problem was the meat. I've never had goat before, but there has to be a better cut than what we were served (my dad got the same thing as me). It was some of the toughest meat I've ever had, and there were maybe 2 or 3 bites that were free of fat or gristle. The pieces all had a big bone in the middle and smaller bones throughout. I kept accidentally biting down on them and hurting my teeth. The masala also had no vegetables in it just meat and sauce which was disappointing, to me at least.\nThe worst of it though was how I felt afterwards. I don't want to say that it made me sick, but I spent a considerable amount of time late that night and the next day on the toilet, and I wasn't hungry the whole next day.\n\n3. Price- The reason this place is getting the worst possible score. For two people, one glass of wine each and then water the rest of the time, entree with no appetizer, no desert it was $83.00. Add a 15% tip and you are getting close to $100. I am used to paying that kind of money to eat on the strip, but I expect a certain level of quality and service for that price, and it was not met here.\n\nBottom line is that I am not going back and I would not recommend it to anyone. At least stay way from the goat.