There's a lot of mixed emotions in the reviews around Aunty's Kitchen and their new location on Erin Mills. Some argue that this place makes food as it should be and that's it, while others  are blown away by their flavours and customer service. \n\nHaving not been overly exposed to Pakistani food many times before, I can only assess based on first impressions and on my experience. \n\nTL;DR: Excellent bold flavours, every detail considered and a great value paired with helpful, professional service.\n\nThe plaza is brand new with many spaces not yet leased out, but this means everything, including this restaurant, is brand spankin' new, and squeaky clean. Best of all, for any strip mall set up, they have an excessive amount of parking, so no worries for when this plaza begins to fill up (and it will).\n\nOn the advice of the staff, I ordered their kebab meal which came with rice, choice of salad or their signature fries, and two ground meat spiced kebabs AND UNLIMITED Naan bread.\n\nThe wait for freshly made is always a tad longer, so while this place looks like a more fast food set up because you order from the counter, don't expect a McDonalds turnaround time, set your expectations on a regular sit down restaurant turn around (10-20 minutes).\n\nFood arrived shortly thereafter and wow what a portion, it took my server 2 trips to drop everything off between the meal (which was substantial), the multitude of sauces and naan bread.\n\nAs I mentioned, I don't have a lot of experience with Pakistani food so I'll get my one taste preference out of the way now  - the naan. I'm used to a fluffier naan so it was an adjustment to eating something a little flatter and more crispy. This could be a cultural difference or something this place does differently. At any rate, it was the one thing I was unsure of.\n\nThat aside this meal was EPIC (all letter capitalised) the Kebabs were sold as spicy, I tend to enjoy spicy so I found them to be spiced well but not spicy like my mouth was on fire. The meat was juicy, perfectly grilled and a generous portion. The house fries really were remarkable, perhaps double fried for extra crisp with a soft centre and the rice was abundant and had a nice touch of oil to it to keep it moist.\n\nI'm not deducting a star but simply withholding it until I've had a chance to try a couple more menu items. Overall, a great meal and one I will go back for. For my Muslim friends know that they're foods are all Halal friendly so you can score some awesome eats during Ramadan and the rest of the year without worry!\n\nEatcrest Out!