This company is out for money... your money. This is a combined HCG-Atkins \"Vegy\" Purge program. The weight loss is legit but here's their scam: They sucker you in with statements like, \"The nutritionist will work around your schedule and be flexable with your dietary needs\" and \"You will be given everything you need from our doctor\". After that you sign up and and set your first appointment while you have blood drawn are scanned.\n\nThis is the reality after signing: The nutritionist (whom I doubt is legit) pulls up a computer program that basically fits you into a select very few pre-chosen catagories based on weight, gives you a revised Atkins list of vegys you can eat and says you can eat so many grams of vegys and must eat them 4 or 5 times a day and only so many grams of meat protein. (The vegy amount required is approximately 12 whopping cups per day in some cases and the protein amount less than 3 decks of cards per day!). She then explains that a gram scale (convieniently sold there) is required to note the amounts and, when asked, cannot describe the volume (another clue that she doesn't use the program herself, since anyone on it would know exactly the portion size that's proportional to the gram weight). She then states that the weight loss guarntee is based on notating every gram of food eaten on a daily basis 4 to 5 times a day in addition to other notation and check-in requirements. You will then be seen by a doctor who reviews your blood test results and revises your diet further to compensate for things such as diabetes, food allergies, cholesterol, etc. She may also add medications to your daily routine to compensate for the aformentioned, some of which are NOT provided as part of the program and must be paid seperately. The secretary is supposed to gather the supplies\/meds and provide it to you but she often conveniently \"forgets\" and thus you must make an unnecessary trip back or pay an additional fee to have it mailed to you or you won't lose the weight fast enough. \n\nDon't pay thousands for this program. Don't even pay hundreds for the HCG itself (at least it's the real thing). Try one of the popular diets that work for you like: South Beach, Atkins, Jenny Craig or something like that. Yes, the HCG will SEEM to work at first but the reality of it is that it's the rediculously imballanced and unhealthy diet that is resulting in the weight loss. A diet that no one can maintain unless they work at home, have no life what-so-ever, and enjoy stuffing themselves with the same vegys several times a day every day for months!