I have been eating at this Original Garcia's location for decades. I was raised in the area and even knew some of the kids of the owners through school. This location of Garcia's has been a favorite of mine since childhood.\n\nI am writing this review for the drive through ONLY. I don't often get in the area, so it has been about a year since I last ate at this Original Garcia's either drive through or sit down. Do not confuse this Original Garcia's with other Garcia restaurants, as they are NOT the same and they do not have the same owners. The other Garcia's restaurants would get a one star from me. Typically, I would give this Garcia's location four or five stars, although I have not taken the time to write a review until now.\n\nThe drive through line was long, but there were parking spots right up front, so I figured it wasn't busy inside. It wasn't. However, the cashier was taking a $100 plus order and it took FOREVER!! All I wanted was a shredded beef taco and a bag of chips! I waited and waited and FINALLY the cashier took my order before processing the other order. By this time, the line was out the door!!\n\nAnyhow, I felt like I was in the Twilight Zone. HELLO FRONT LINE EMPLOYEES!!! People are on lunch hour and in a HURRY!!! You need to MOVE FASTER, not like you are on some kind of drug that puts you in a half ass coma!!! \n\nThe cooks were rushing and you could see their focus. The front end girls are in la la land. My taco was done before the gal packed my bag of chips. She had plenty of time to get those chips ready PRIOR to my taco being done!! She SLOWLY fills the bag with chips and slams the bag on the counter in order to settle the chips into the bag. In doing so, she cracked up the entire bottom of the chips into little pieces!! Just simply shake them down in the air, not crash them onto the counter, dumb butt!!!!\n\nFinally, my taco is ready and my bag of chips had been painfully and slowly filled. Instead of looking at the ticket right in front of her face, she asked me if I ordered a soda. YES, I ordered a soda and why the hell wasn't it prepared PRIOR TO my taco being done??? \n\nNow, my taco is COLD and my chips are smashed and I step out of the Twilight Zone to realize it was reality. Either get new help or put a fire under the girls' asses!!!!