For my 100th Yelp review, I've decided to talk about the BEST buffet in Las Vegas....the Wynn Buffet.  Yes, its a little pricey, but really $35 for dinner in Vegas for the amount and quality of food is not that bad.  There is a long line as well, but it doesn't seem any longer than other popular hotel buffets.  Anyway, back to the Wynn...\n\nHoly cow, what a great buffet.  And speaking of cow, the Wynn served some of the tastiest prime rib outside of SF's House of Prime Rib.  The buffet serves a wide variety of food, all of which was delicious and fresh.  In particular, the seafood and pizza bars stand out.  Everyone waxes poetic about the split Alaskan crab legs, which are indeed meaty and huge, but why talk about the pizza?  Well, the Wynn features a large open pizza oven operated by a pizza guy who is tossing fresh pizzas every few minutes.  We get friendly with him and he offers to make us a personal pizza with whatever we want on it, given the ingredients that he has.  We get a white sauce pizza with sausage, mushrooms, bacon, and spinach- sounds mundane, but it was jaw-droppingly good.  The three of us ended up taking the entire pizza back to the table, where we then proceeded to demolish it within minutes.  The pizza, when fresh out of the oven, featured a crust that was thin and flavorful, crisp yet pliable enough to fold in half.  That pizza, along with the best tandoori chicken I've had outside of an Indian restaurant, succulent cocktail shrimp, deliciously crisp haricot verts, and fabulous dessert bar (I wouldn't be surprised if its the same gelato and sorbet that they sell at Sugar & Ice), made for an extraordinary meal.\n\nSteve Wynn is known for being a perfectionist and it shows in the buffet and the little details.  For example, the table cloths were 100% Egyptian cotton and made in Italy.  I believe the silverware were Waterford.  The cocktail shrimp came with both tartar and cocktail sauce.  The entire place is very stylish, from the open kitchen feel of the buffet itself, to the modern, off-kilter stark white square plates and bowls.  The topiaries are made with real fruit, which included mangoes and whole jackfruit.  Service was great and attentive, though slightly slow.\n\nOverall, a buffet that outshines all the others in Vegas.  I would highly recommend it to anyone.  I'm definitely making a beeline for it next time I'm in town.