I came here for lunch on my birthday with my mom and brother. I made reservations via Open Table, so of course, it was simple. \n\nWe had a moment before our table was ready, so I was excited to check out the photo booth. It's a very cool set up of having a built-in complimentary photo booth, except it is a very tight space and it's difficult to reach the screen and be situated when the session starts. It was also unfortunate for us that their printer was out of service that morning! Sad face! They do allow you to send the photos via e-mail, but the pixel quality is atrocious.\n\nThe restaurant is beautiful and the view of The Strip (and Bellagio fountains) is great. I love the open kitchen and the antipasti bar. We were given a table next to the floor-to-ceiling windows, which was very nice. The chairs were comfortable, too. \n\nWe started with Orzo Meatballs with Parmesan Pomodoro ($15) and Burrata with Balsamic Salt ($12). The meatballs were tender and flavorful; very satisfying. The Burrata was also delicious; really creamy and great with that balsamic salt, EVOO, and micro arugula. Both fantastic Antipasti dishes. They also offer complimentary bread that appears to be baked in a similar fashion to pizza (it may be their pizza dough). It's served with a yummy pesto oil.\n\nLobster Roll ($35): Lemon Basil Aïoli and Fried Capers. All sandwiches are served with Arugula Salad or Zucchini Scapecce. I chose the Zucchini Scapecce, but was served the salad, so our server graciously brought a small plate of scapecce to the table. It was a great error because I truly enjoyed the salad AND the scapecce! They were delicious alone and with my sandwich. The sandwich is open-faced and stacked with scrumptious lobster meat. The mixture was so tasty!\n\nVenetian Panino ($18): Turkey, Gruyère, Fontina, whole mustard, and Peppadew. This panini sandwich was also well-made and delicious. It not entirely exciting, so I probably wouldn't order it over all the other menu selections. My mom really enjoyed it though!\n\nG's Baked Pasta of the Day ($24): The lasagna had layers of eggplant as well as your usual suspects. This was really, really good lasagna. I love the addition of eggplant layers to make it a bit more healthy. \n\nChocolate Tiramisu ($8): Chocolate Zabiaone and espresso-soaked ladyfingers. Tiramisu is one of my absolute favorite desserts and this is seriously one of the best tiramisu I've ever had the pleasure of eating. They also wrote a very nice \"Happy Birthday\" message on the plate.\n\nEspresso Nocciolato ($9): Lavazza Gran Riserva, Nutella, whipped cream, toasted hazelnuts, and a light dusting of cocoa powder. This was really tasty and a fun way to drink a shot of espresso!\n\nThe food was all delicious! The service was wonderful and we had a very pleasant experience. It was a fantastic birthday celebration. My only complaint: Why is everything so petite??! You pay quite a premium on the dishes that I didn't expect from Giada. Also, beware that you are charged for \"still\" water! I thought they meant tap water when I was asked (they only offered still or sparkling), so I was surprised to see the charge on the bill. Oddly, they only served us the one bottle, then switched to tap water without asking us if we wanted another bottle of still water.