I have shopped at this Costco location for many years. Over time I have noted that the store has had a surprisingly low level of employee turnover. While it's true that Costco isn't known for having easy to find customer service staff roaming the aisles, I often found myself talking to the same employees each time I visited.\n\nThere seems to be a complete change of staff, and the change is not good. To be kind let's just say many of them look \"rough around the edges\". More times than not they stand around talking to each other and act annoyed if you interrupt to ask a question. When they do take a minute to \"help\" the customer they are usually still talking to another employee or looking off in the distance without talking to the customer. The impression is that they all hate their jobs.\n\nMore than once I bought an item in the pharmacy department that had a sign indicating that it was on sale. When the cashier rang it up for the regular price they actually argued with me that it was my mistake and refused to do a price check. When I went back later and took a picture of the sign, the service desk people told me \"that sign wasn't supposed to be there\" and would not refund the difference.\n\nThe downward spiral of Costco isn't just limited to this one store. I bought one item there based solely on a claim in Costco's ad that it featured an advantage that the competition didn't have. I paid big premium price for the item that could be bought anywhere else for a fraction of the price. When I got it home I discovered that the feature had been misrepresented by Costco. I checked the manufacturer's website to verify then emailed the manufacturer to confirm. They replied promptly and verified that the product Costco sold me was not as represented and instructed me to take it back for a refund. When I did the returns clerk did not want to listen to the reason I was returning it indicating that Costco's policy was \"no questions asked\".\n\nI wanted to help other customers from being duped so I wrote a letter to Costco customer service. After a month in which they ignored me I wrote a review of the product at the Costco website. Costco removed it the next day. I wrote another and they did it again and then the same thing with a third ... all because of my effort to simply help other people understand that the product was not what they expect. After the third rejection I wrote I letter to Costco's executive offices. Guess what? Yes, you guessed it ... they also ignored me.\n\nSo much for Costco's legendary customer service. RIP