Stopped in to La Bocca for the first time this week with a few friends and, despite my reservations about a \"Wine Bar\", it was a pretty decent experience. \n\nSmack dab in the middle of CityNorth, this place definitely stands out as you make your way down the sidewalks. The decor is nice, earthy and rustic looking and has that upscale vibe, while still appearing inviting and cozy. The place is small, and was packed at lunch time, so keep that in mind and go early or be prepared for a wait. Oddly enough, the bar was deserted, so if you're flying solo, that might be a better option than trying to get a table. \n\nService seemed to be good at the outset and our group was seated in short order, but it seemed to waver a bit once we got our drink orders in. Took more time than I thought it should to get our beverages to the table, and and to get our orders taken. Granted, the place was packed, but it's a very small place and they had adequate staff, so there's still no reason to be that jammed up. There didn't really seem to be an improvement as the lunch wore on, and the fact that they plopped a screeching baby down next to us really didn't help either. Remind me again, am I at an urban wine bar for a business lunch or am I visiting a daycare center? \n\nIn terms of the food, we started with the calamari appetizer, which was fantastic. The flavor was excellent and it was perfectly cooked. The dipping sauce it came with was citrus flavored and, while I thought it would be a strange pairing, it turned out to be delicious and everyone enjoyed it. Unfortunately, the portion was so small that it  left us hungry and wanting more. For the price, I think they should up the portion size a tad, as it really wasn't enough for even one hungry person, let alone more.  \n\nFor the main course, we sampled several of the pizzas and a couple of their \"planks\", all of which was good. I say good, but not necessarily great. For example, I tried the margarita pizza and, while the crust was good and the pizza spot on as far as how much it was cooked, the flavor wasn't terribly pronounced. I'm all for subtlety when called for, but most of what I tasted was the sauce, and there was nothing spectacular about it. I'm not looking to be overwhelmed or anything, but you should be able to tell you're eating a gourmet pizza by how it tastes, not just the fancy preparation and the fact that it's delivered to the table on a wooden, pizza peel-looking tray. What's the expression, all smoke, no fire? That probably sums it up. \n\nGiven the ambiance and decor, the proximity to the office and the price point, I'd probably go back, but with properly calibrated expectations. Among them, having to order an appetizer all to myself, not expecting too much from the pizza and expecting to be there a long time due to the slow service. As I said, it was good, not great, and there's nothing wrong with that if you're looking for the former and not expecting the latter.