Worth the drive to Cleveland alone!\n\nI had been drooling over their gourmet sandwiches on Instagram for a while now and knew that we had to make a visit on our next trip to Cleveland.\n\nOnce inside we each grabbed a menu to study to try and figure out what we each wanted to order. Black Box Fix offers three categories of sandwiches with several forms of each. Chicken Fix, Philly Fix and Burger Fix. Each sandwich comes with your choice of either Cajun, Creole Butter, Garlic Parmesan, Lemon Pepper or Plain fresh cut fries. After much deliberation we each ordered a sandwich for one of the three categories.\n\nI ordered The \"Famous\" OMG Philly Fix with Garlic Parmesan fries. It features grilled chicken, sauteed mushrooms, onions, peppers, garlic and melted Swiss cheese and is topped with Creole jumbo grilled shrimp served on a toasted hoagie roll with their yum mayo.\n\nMy wife chose the Sweet Bleu Fire Chicken Fix with Creole Butter fries. It features buttermilk fried chicken drizzled with house made parmesan herb buffalo sauce and is topped with sweet apple and bleu cheese slaw and comes served on a toasted brioche bun.\n\nOur daughter chose the Hibachi Burger Fix with Creole Butter fries as well. It features grilled beef topped with melted mozzarella and provolone cheese, sauteed mushrooms, onions, peppers and Creole jumbo grilled shrimp and comes served on a toasted brioche bun with yum mayo.\n\nOnce we ordered we grabbed a table and waited on our food. The decor was very nice and even the bathroom was beautiful. They had nice  smooth jazz playing which made the wait for our food much more bearable. It seems like calling your order in ahead is the way to go as that was what most of the people did that came in as we waited. 30 minutes later our food arrived. Everything looked and smelled amazing! The fries were so good we all eat them before even touching our sandwiches! \n\nMy OMG Philly was incredible once I finally got to it! The bread was fresh, the chicken was well seasoned, tender and full of flavor, but the grilled shrimp really took it over the top as the icing on the cake! Everything was cooked perfectly!! My wife absolutely love her Sweet Bleu Fire sandwich and our daughter thoroughly enjoyed her Hibachi Burger as well. \n\nYes the sandwiches are on the expensive side, but they are quality gourmet sandwiches and are HUGE as once I was finished with mine I was thoroughly stuffed for the majority of the rest of the day! Be patience as the food is so worth the wait!