My sister and I found this restaurant through Groupon. Our first impression was good... Adorable ambiance, delicious looking case of gelato, large inviting patio.  We were greeted by a sloppy surly man, who we later found out is the owner Andy. \nWe were seated on the patio along with the only other customer.  We started off by ordering a bottle of sparking water. \"You guys don't want any wine?!\" said Andy abruptly. Uh no thanks.  Next we ordered dinner.  My sister is vegetarian, so we were ordering meatless options this evening.  We ordered a selection of bland, boring, typical food. For some reason Andy seemed confused that we wanted to share a few items.  The food came... Andy dropped it and ran off.  We were sharing so we wanted plates. We waited for a long time. No Andy.  I went into the restaurant to ask for plates and some salt&pepper. Andy seemed confused. \"why do you need plates? I don't get it. You eatin it like Chinese food or something?!?\" He brought the plates and the salt & pepper and said \"You know you really shouldn't put anything on it until you taste it.\" Thanks for the words of wisdom.  \nWe ate our depressing display of  cuisine in hopes that dessert would help this disaster. We waited, and waited, and waited, and waited some more( Andy was busy sitting at the other customer's table talking all night).  By the time he finally got around to clear our plates we were so ready to get the heck outta there we decided to skip dessert. \n\nNEXT CAME THE ICING ON THE POORLY MADE CAKE:\nI decided to tell Andy how I felt about the poor service.  As a person in the customer service industry, I know I would appreciate the polite constructive criticism.  He was apparently OUTRAGED by the comments. He proceeded to argue with us about every comment we had.  He even went so far as to walk into the restaurant to yell to his co-workers about my apparently salacious comments.  He told me the balance of our Groupon tab was on him. I left cash on the table for it anyway.  He then chased us into the parking lot to try and give the money back.  When I refused he yelled \"I don't want this I will donate it to charity!!!\" \n\nWHAT!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?