---Fish fry review--- \n\nI visited Epiphany's fish fry this evening with a friend for dinner.  Upon receiving comped tickets for a performance of PBT's Peter Pan, I suggested that we try it out beforehand, given that it's nearby and we were already planning to hit up a fish fry.\n\nHaving read the reviews, I called in our order about an hour and a half ahead of time.  Although it was rather difficult to communicate with the person who took my order over the phone due to ambient noise on his end, I'm glad I called ahead of time because the line was quite long when we arrived.  Fortunately, our order was ready upon arrival, so we were able to cut the line and enjoy it promptly.\n\nBoth my friend and I ordered the fried fish dinner ($9).  This meal comes with a massive piece of fried cod and a large bun plus your choice of one side.  For my side, I ordered mac and cheese, and for his, my friend ordered haluski.  Additionally, after checking to ensure that their pierogies weren't Mrs. T's (I've been burned before...), I ordered three of them to accompany my meal ($3).\n\nUpon unwrapping the fish, my friend and I were impressed at its size and beautifully crisp coating.  It was so large, in fact, that we had to resort to cutting it in half to fit onto the bun!  It was flaky and tender on the inside, too.  The mac and cheese wasn't my favorite--it wasn't cheesy enough for my liking.  As for the pierogies, they definitely were higher quality than Mrs. T.'s, but I found them a bit mushy, presumably from being overcooked.  From now on, I'll be sticking to fries, which are a safer bet.  I can't comment on my friend's haluski, since they accidentally gave him pierogies with his order (they didn't charge him for them).\n\nAside from the difficulties communicating my order over the phone, the people staffing the fish fry were quite friendly and efficient.  The dining area is actually quite nice, despite being a basement, with lovely carved and hand painted ceilings and chandeliers.  The clientele was also surprisingly young (perhaps due to close proximity to downtown?)--I'm not sure if there's such a thing as a hipster fish fry, but this is probably just about the closest thing.