I am a very pale person, and have tried several spray tans (both in salons and applying them myself) over the years. \n\nI must say that Luminosity is, hands down, the best spray tan I've ever gotten for several reasons. One--it's personal. Christy actually SPECIALLY selects what color you want, but also what will look natural on a certain skin tone.  \nChristy asked me about my skin and the way it reacted to sun, and assessed that I was probably a level 1-A (aka \"the palest girl on the planet\"). She asked what sort of tan I'd like, and encouraged me to go natural, which I wholeheartedly agreed with. \nTwo--her home is beautiful and comfortable. I mean, you're standing somewhere either stark naked or barely clothed--that can feel REALLY awkward in some large room as you're sprayed with cold, brown mist. NOT SO at Christy's home salon studio. \nIt was minimalistic and chic, with a row of Infinity Sun (her supplier) pamphlets and another product which I can't wait to try: Goddess Glitz, a line of temporary gold tattoos that would be ideal for a day on a beach (or the pool at Talking Stick Resort) with a piña colada in hand. Christy assembled the tanning materials while I undressed to a dark bikini, and then handed me a cute little carbon filter to stick in my nose. \n\"To keep you from breathing any spray in,\" Christine said with a warm smile, before placing a bit of cotton in my ears for further protection. \nThree--no icky smell. Once of the things I HATE about spray tans is the smell they leave on my body, especially when the solution interacts with my sweat (my armpits are just terrifying to be around after a spray). But with Christy's solution, I didn't smell anything until it was 12 hours later, when I began to smell the tan a *bit,* which I assume meant it had finished developing. I hopped in the shower for a brief rinse and the tan stayed gorgeous (and I smelled fine too). \n\nChristy was SO wise and knowledgeable--but then again, she did have 18 years as an aesthetician backing her up, two of which were spent at Scottsdale's elegant Fairmont Princess Resort. \nWhen Christy was finished she showed me to a mirror, and I might've stood there gawking for several minutes. I. Looked. Amazing. The tan line was so visible, and it was the epitome of a brown, natural tan. \n\nChristy's approachability, quiet and calm home studio, high-caliber product and years of experience are what have convinced me to only go there from now on, whether for events, or maybe even my wedding some day (HA!). \n\nHighly recommend.