Giving this place 5 stars is a joke. I am a Vegas local and am used to some doorman being rude, unpolite, etc. but this place takes the cake. Maybe because their doorman are tired of telling people to come in to such an awful club. I understand the whole \"ultra dive bar\" thing and I think it has sooo much potential, but the staff has to be great to make it work and unfortunately their door guys and some security are ruining the business and they don't seem to care. Here's my story:\nBrought a friend from out of town out for the night and went and had some drinks along the strip to kill time before going to Jet. A promoter handed us free passes for Rockhouse so we figured we would stop in since it is on the way. My roommate and I asked her if they had an industry or locals night or did anything for locals. She said to ask the door guy for a drink ticket when you show him your Nevada ID but she wasn't sure if they still did that. She was standing about 15 ft from the door. So we go up and show ID's and my roommate asks him about the drinks. In short he said \"why would we do that and I don't know why she told you that.\" We suggested he let her know that and he got mad about it. This coming from a guy at the door wearing a t-shirt and sweater vest with a bandana around his arm and a chain wallet by the way --- though he was a hot shot lol\nHe also got mad when i told him to calm down it was just a question... so we continued in anyway even though that was already a red flag. Inside the place is pretty empty but a decent crowd I guess. Mostly guys. Its a rock bar that was playing nothing but hip-hop (go figure) but thats fine with me since I prefer hip-hop.\nSo we are having fun and dancing and hanging out with different people. I was sober my friends were buzzed. Than it got worse. First the security guard in our section got on his \"tough guy act\". My roommate was dancing with a girl on the stage area and he nearly got thrown out because of it. The guy grabbed my roommate and starting walking him outside without asking nicely or giving him a warning. The girl pulled him up there with him what is he supposed to say?\nNext another friend gets pulled into the \"dancing cage\" that we were next to by a girl and tough guy security comes over and tells him to get out. My friend apologized and came out and then the girl tried to pull him back in. The security guard was right there and my friend saw him. As a joke he made pretend like he was going to go back in (didn't actually go back) and the security guard forcefully grabbed him and ushered him out. My friend isn't stupid he was not going to go back in, he was trying to ease the tension a bit and this guy was mr. serious about it and threw him out. I tried talking to him as we went out and even Apologized to him for my friend. I went to shake his hand and he looked and me and said \"get out of here\" and walked away.\nSeriously?! They need to take a look at their establishment and realize that its a dump and they should treat the few people they actually get in there a little better and maybe they would stay or come back. They just lost two locals that go out pretty often and also have a lot of friends come in from out of town. They should tell people when you walk in that there is no fun allowed inside.\n\nHorrible experience and would not recommend to anyone. If you want to play beer pong go next door to O'Sheas the staff is nicer and its a lot cleaner. At least you can see the tables and the ball. \n\nOh and there are NO BATHROOMS in the club... its about a five minute walk into the casino to get there. There was no DJ and the video monitors were showing videos that I guess were supposed to go with the music but the timing was waaaay off and it has not been updated in forever.