Where my Yelpers at? I trust you all (some more than others :)) in aiding me in my food choices but dang, we must not have eaten at the same China Red Café. Based off the four star review and the fact that they are close to my house, I elected to give them a try. Now mind you, I LOVEEEEEEE CHINESE and WONGS off of 107th Ave and Indian School has my heart but I was just not wanting the drive today and I pay dearly for my decision.  \n\nI stopped in at China Red Cafe and picked up the chicken teriyaki lunch combo for my wife and beef teriyaki combo for myself.  After paying less than $15 for everything and feeling the weight of my meal, I was super excited to get home and give it a try. Now note, this was my splurge meal for the week and I was not going to be hard to please. This guy just wanted some decent Chinese. \n\nOnce home, I busted out the dishes and they looked okay. Each dish came with egg drop soup, a fried spring roll, a crab wonton, and the entrée with brown rice.  My wife immediately tried the chicken and rice and gave me a look of disgust. She informed me how bad it was and I thought that it surely could not be that bad.  After a bite of hers, I had to admit that she was right.  The taste just could not be explained. All I can say was that it was BAD.  As for my entrée, the beef had a very odd texture and it too had a taste you just could not put your finger on. After giving her a little of mine since hers was far more inedible, we gave up on both.  Now for the rest......the soup was okay at best....the crab wonton was pretty good, and the spring roll, oh the spring roll. Once again, I can not begin to explain the flavor. It was awful! My stomach rang the, \"I am ill bell\" for about an hour. \n\nIn closing, I have no idea why it was all so bad. How can you screw up such basic dishes? I, being frugal at times, had NO issues whatsoever with my wife tossing the dishes out. As good as the prices and sizes were, what is the point if you are going to toss them in the garbage?  I never like to give bad reviews, but sometimes places just earned it. I KNEW I should have gone to my Wongs to get amazing Chinese.  As my father always told me, \"Being lazy never pays.\" I got that lesson loud and clear today.