High blood pressure folks, watch your sodium in-take at the District.\n\nI had high hopes coming here.  Nice looking place, friendly staff, impressive menu.  I gave it a shot... because, really, there's no way I'm stepping foot in the Hooters across the street.\n\nI have this thing with scallops, so when I saw it listed on the menu it was no contest.  However, listed underneath was \"mushrooms, peppers, grilled Italian sausage.\"  Sausage?  Oh dear, but I don't eat pork.  I asked  the waitress if there was anyway I could substitute the sausage for the grilled asparagus listed under the sides portion of the menu.  She explained that the scallops were served on top of a mixture of the three items, but I could choose to have it served on top of the asparagus instead.  Sure, why not.  That sounds good.  I also ordered the baked tomato soup because of all the great Yelp reviews and good lookin' pictures.\n\nWhile I was waiting for my food, the bread and butter came out.  The bread was sprinkled with what I think was fancy sea salt.  Neat... but was this possibly an indicator of the meal to come?  Soon thereafter, my soup came out.  I didn't even get tomato soup when I was a kid, but I feel like this soup brought me back to childhood.  It was creamy, not over-seasoned at all, and the cheese on top was just right.  I suggest saving one of your dinner rolls to dip in it and you, my friend, have quite the meal.  \n\nThe soup was pretty hot, so it took me some time to finish it and by then, my scallops were ready.  My bowl was taken away and in it's place were my scallops... in the oddest shaped bowl\/dish I've seen.  It was like a huge bowl with an asymmetrical curve so that it's like your food is performing for you in a mini-amphitheater.  It's great for presentation, but a pain to actually eat off of.  I had a hard time resting my utensils on it and it left no room to use a knife and fork.  Made me long for the days of plates and flat surfaces.  The scallops themselves-- 3 huge ones-- were seared to perfection on top of a bunch of supposedly grilled asparagus.  However, EVERYTHING on the plate was overly salty.  I thought maybe my switching of the other ingredients had somehow upset the balance of the poor scallop.  Was this sodium fiasco my fault?  I asked for more bread to counteract the over-seasoned saltiness of it all.  Alas, my efforts were in vain.  It was just too salty.  I went through 2 glasses of water and 2 dinner rolls.  My server apologized and asked if there was something else I would like instead, but by then I was too full from the water and bread that I just asked for dessert.\n\nMy server came back with the menu and as an apology, she said dessert was on the house.  Horray!  I wanted something nice, so I asked her what the prettiest dessert was (I'm a sucker for plating).  She suggested the apple pie, whoopie pies, and since she was a chocolate lover, the chocolate cake called \"Heaven Can Wait.\"  Wow, really?  I'll have that. \n\nThe chocolate cake was simple but decadent, drenched a rich ganache and.. a sea salt chocolate stick? C'mon, what's with the salt?!  Nonetheless, I still throughly enjoyed the chocolate... it was the perfect amount of sweetness to balance the salt.\n\nAll in all, I expected more than what I got.  One pleasant at the end of my meal was the free cotton candy with my check... one not so pleasant surprise was the $1 charge for the distilled water I was served.  Great staff, very friendly, but I'll come back just for the soup.