I've been to Vegas more times than I care to remember. I've typically stayed away from the buffets because I don't think they represent very good value. I'm perfectly happy going to a nice place like Tao or similar. However, this trip, the wife and I decided to do something different. I did some Google work and this buffet consistently came up as the #1 buffet.\n\nI was wrong. You'd be better off going and dropping the price of admission for two adults on 00 on roulette. Your odds of walking away happy would be better. Caesar's touts that it is the buffet of buffets. It would only beat a buffet that served warmed over cat turds as their feature dish. If you think I'm being harsh, I assure you that you are mistaken.\n\nWhen we arrived at 7pm for dinner, the line was short. We walked right up and paid (lost money) in advance. It did take a while to actually be seated, which was a bit of a WTF moment. When we were seated, there was some unidentifiable meat under our table. Also, there were smears of some sort of sauce on the floor. When the price of admission is north of $100, I expect clean. Nay, I expect spotless. \n\nWhen we were seated, we were told to wait for our drink orders. Wait we did.  And waited...and waited some more. I eventually started staring a hole into one of the employees as he stood doing absolutely NOTHING. Finally he got the hint and came over to take our drink orders. He had barely spoken when our actual waiter came up.\n\nIn reading all the write ups for this buffet, they would lead you to believe that you've never seen such an epic selection as the one this buffet offers. It cost $17 million to build and features 25 stations...of the most boring food you've ever laid your eyes on. I walked up and down the stations twice before making any selections. Each station was a whole new disappointment. I saw NOTHING that made me think, \"Oh, I want to try that!\"  I searched and searched for a steak station or a grill area where they'd make whatever right in front of me. There wasn't one. I even asked someone that worked there where the steak was and they pointed me to the \"American\" station with the caveat that he didn't think they had steak.\n\nAt this point, I'm pretty disappointed in the dining experience. The Asian food looked like it came straight off of a cheap Chinese buffet. I tried some of the fish from this station and it was an overly salty mushy mess. I also resorted to having mac & cheese, which was decent, but how can you screw that up?  The one piece of bread I got was cold and hard.\n\nThe chilled shrimp was very mediocre...I ate two pieces and couldn't eat any more. I also resorted to having a couple of mini sliders. They were ok, but stuff like that has NO BUSINESS being on a $55\/person buffet!  The best thing I had was the street tacos. Yay...street food. They did prepare it right in front of me...so there's that. The chicken was a bit dry, though. Then again, he's cooking chicken that's already been cooked and chopped who knows how long ago. And when you chop up chicken, how can you expect it to retain any juices at all?\n\nI also had a spicy sausage. The first peice was decent enough (we're comparing foods from the same buffet here) but the second peice was a little odd texture wise. Like it had been sitting at the bottom of a bowl full of them in the prep area just soaking up 6lbs of grease.  The buffet also had sushi...and something just tells me that you should never get sushi at a buffet. But you know what? I tried it anyway. One piece later, I'd had enough. They had pizza on the buffet, too, but when I'm paying this price, the last thing I want is f#cking pizza!!  If you want pizza, do yourself a favor and go to 800 Degrees or even Pin Up Pizza in front of PH. \n\nIf you're still reading this review, I commend you. If I had read this review, I'd have stopped halfway and decided the buffet wasn't for me. If you're still thinking it might be a good idea, do yourself a favor and just stop. You'd be better off going to McDonald's because the value you get there is better. That and it's not a disappointing dining experience because you'd know EXACTLY what you'd be getting. And it'd be under $10\/person. \n\nIn short, this was probably the WORST dining experience I've had in my entire life. I've had food poisoning, so that's saying something. I'm not a super picky eater. I'm generally easy to please. Both me and my wife thought this place was just massively underwhelming.\n\nVegas' biggest gamble and ripoff.