Frijoles on Fleek\n\nHow you bean? If you haven't heard, this place is YUMazing! We are beside ourselves with how refreshing and flavorful everything is. It seriously tastes like \"healthy\" Mexican food. Everything we taste overflows with bright flavors and is always grilled up fresh-to-order.\n\nHere's a biggie - I don't even like beans, but these frijoles are holy. Home cooked beans made with soul and love from your best friend's grandmother, yup, that's what they taste like. Not too salty, perfectly plump and moist. Nothing I've ever had before, that's for sure. In the span of 2 weeks we've eaten here 4 times already. So good! And so cheap too! A filling amount of food for 2 is always roughly $20. \n\nThe chips and salsa are the first taste of how fresh they are. The chips are freshly fried up and incredibly crispy without being too sharp or hard to bite; the salsa is super refreshing with a slight natural sweetness from the perfectly ripened tomatoes they used. I also splash a few drops of their table-side salsas on my tacos from time to time; though, I prefer the salsa verde (green salsa) for its slightly spicy and welcoming tangy flavor over the simple not so spicy salsa roja (red salsa.) Also, their guacamole is super fresh and vibrant, it really steps up the taco and burrito game. \n\nI always go for the mini taco combo meal with either carne asada, al pastor - or both, if i'm feeling frisky. The meats are always grilled up perfectly charred and juicy. They are right-on with the seasoning too. The combo comes with a side of frijoles and mexi rice - man, those guys truly give them away as the real deal! You can't get beans and rice as good as this anywhere on this side of the valley. \n\nThe burritos and quesadillas are no-joke delicious, they are packed perfectly with all the good stuff: juicy meat of your choice, fluffy rice, best beans of your life, sour cream, fresh guacamole, and magic. The most important thing about their burritos and the quesadillas are that they are perfectly proportioned - the right ratio of meat to rice, to beans. This is taken for granted, but it's an art form and Frijoles always gets it right. \n\nTheir churros are freaking fantastic! Freshly fried, crisp, yet soft and fluffy in the middle rubbed with a boat load of cinnamon & sugar. Yeah. That's right. They do not skimp on the good stuff! \/heavybreathing \n\nWe also tasted their nopal salad (cactus salad) and the elote (street corn) - Maybe not my favorites, but they are not bad at all. The cactus salad comes out warm and is just like a chunky salsa, great for dipping chips. I felt that the flavor was weak though, nothing too exciting. If you never tried nopal before, I would say it kind of tastes like okra without the syrupy liquid, fairly mild. The street corn is also too mild in flavor for my liking, but the corn is charred up perfectly, naturally sweet and plump.\n\nAnd don't even think about leaving without trying their fresh agua frescas - especially their horchata - my absolute favorite! Slightly sweet and not too watered down either. If you can't decide, you can mix 2 flavors and get a gorgeous marbled effect in your drink. I love it!\n\nPRO TIP: if you are thrill-seekers like we are, make sure to request some grilled serrano chilies and onions when you place your order - Crazy spicy! Super flavorful! Makes the meal 10x better!