Seems like I've been on a steak kick recently, which makes me realize that my stomach and wallet are inversely proportional. After visiting Gordon Ramsay and Old Homestead recently my gut has increased exponentially while my wallet is shrinking dramatically. Mastros, of course, had the same effect.\n\nOur party of four dined family-style and sampled the following:\n\nA dozen oysters (Kusshi and Bluepoint). All were delicious but, personally, I prefer the smaller Kusshi.\n\nThe ahi tuna tartare was beautifully presented in a cylindrical stack with, perhaps, too much avocado, but contained plenty of fresh tuna and a variety of textures and flavors.\n \nOcean Club crab cake. There was very little filler, nice big chunks of lump meat, and a perfectly balanced tartar sauce.\n\nThe scallops were too rich and buttery and was drowning in sauce. The accompanying toast was deliciously crisp and cheesy.\n\nThe 22 oz bone-in ribeye, cooked medium-rare, was tender and had a decent amount of fat, as was to be expected. A solid steak, but not as mind-blowing as the beef from the top steakhouses around town.\n\nAlaskan king crab black truffle gnocchi. A little dense with a rich, cheesey truffle flavor. Pieces of crab were scarce, but there were plenty of gnocchi for the four of us to share.\n\nAlaskan king crab legs. 5 large legs, slightly warm, with clarified butter and lemon. Each yielded plenty of tender meat.\n\nThat was plenty of food for all of us, but we couldn't leave without trying their infamous warm butter cake. It was large enough for each of us to get a few bites. It came with a ridiculously large side of fresh whipped cream. I was expecting the cake to have a very moist texture, but instead it was a bit more firm with a slightly crispy exterior. The flavor was as sweet and buttery as you would expect. As delicious as it was, it's not something that my arteries and heart can take too frequently.\n\nMastors is pricey, but not as pricey as other steak or seafood houses along the Strip. The atmosphere isn't the greatest either. It is located in the center of a shopping mall, afterall. There's no dim, mood lighting. Just the bright florescent  lights of the mall. The tree house thing looked cool, so request that if you have the chance. We sat just outside of it and it had all the appeal of eating at a food court.\n\nThere was also live entertainment in the lounge area when we dined. I had to do a double-take because the girl performing looked like Aubrey O'Day. I didn't stick around long enough to see if she had the voice or attitude to match.\n\nI'm not sure how this Mastros compares to the ones in California that people rave about, but relative to Vegas steakhouses it's a solid option. It's a step below the top ones in town, but is great for seafood and, of course, the butter cake.