Don't be scared by the curiously unfortunate-sounding name, since I typically don't like to evoke images of German concentration camps when I bite into one of these heavenly Vietnamese sandwiches (banh mi).   This place came highly recommended to me by a Vietnamese colleague so when I had two friends from out of town needing a quick bite before hitting the road, I took them to this inconspicuous hole in the wall and we were greeted by a pleasant guy behind the counter who recommended that we get the grilled pork, the meat ball, and the beef banh mi (was intrigued by the sardine and fried egg\/chinese sausage offerings).  \nI appreciated the fact that there were some tasty Asian beverages in the fridge including Thai iced tea, chrysanthemum tea, and sweetened soy milk.  There was also the option of a refreshing glass of vietnamese coffee with sweetened condense milk if you need the caffeinated pick me up.  \n\nThe first thing you need to know is that they bake their own French baguettes every 45 minutes so you are getting a warm crusty chewy roll that encases your choice of meat with pickled veggies of daikon and carrot, meat pate, and garnished with cilantro and jalapeno.  The owner happily honored our request to cut the sandwiches in thirds so that we could sample all three.  \n\nThe grilled pork is irresistably crispy with a sweet glazed exterior, the beef is butter-knife tender like a well-cooked filet, and the meatball is broken down like a spread engulfed in a sauce that can only be described as the lovechild of a sweet and sour sauce and a marinara.  All three sandwiches share everything one could hope for in a sandwich: contrasts in texture (chewy bread vs. creamy pate vs. tender meat vs. crunchy veggies), temperatures (warm bread vs. hot meat vs. cold veggies), and flavors (saltiness, tartness, sweetness, and SPICINESS...respect those jalapenos!).  I would give this 5 stars if there was slightly more meat to balance out the bread but I'm sure this could potentially be negotiated upon ordering.    At a price of a mere 3 dollars, a 5 dollar footlong at Subway would actually be considered a scam both in price and quality of product.  My two compadres were so pleased that they both bought an extra sandwich for the road (at 3 dollars, how could one resist?).  \n\nDefinitely worth checking out if you have a hankering for banh mi or need a change of pace from your typical sandwich offerings in Vegas.