One should think twice about visiting Red Square during happy hour on a weekend, just like how one should think twice about invading Russia during winter. I'm on the fence about this place, or should I say, \"on the wall.\" Ok, Russian\/Commie jokes aside....\n\nHeadless Lenin out front of the Red Square has finally won me over after years of enticing me to visit each time I walked by, all thanks to their happy hour that's now daily from 4pm-7pm. My friend and I met up here on a Saturday evening for pre-concert drinking and noshing. First impression of the restaurant: it's a cross between a run down church that was converted into a communist hideout and an upscale bordello -- I can only imagine. It's on the gaudy side, but I actually dig the decor. \n\nThe place was rowdy and packed with patrons who were mainly hanging around the bar area eating and watching games on the mounted televisions. We were lucky to find seating at the corner by a window. Our server gave us the happy hour menu and a separate dessert menu upon request. \n\nDuck Fat Fries: French fries fried in duck fat topped with shredded parmesan cheese. The fries come with lemon aioli and tomato jam dipping sauces. Fries fried in duck fat sounds deliciously gluttonous, but I think the flavor -- to me -- needs to be acquired. Both dipping sauces were good. I thought the tomato jam tasted similar to cocktail sauce, but it complemented the fries as opposed to the aioli which did a better job at masking the duck fat. \n\nSummer Blueberry and Peach Pie: I was anticipating a slice of pie, but I actually received a personal size pie with a small scoop of ice cream on top. The crust was flaky and had a slight crunch and there was more blueberry than peach filling. The sweetness of the pie alone was perfect and didn't give me a sugar jolt. One downside about this dessert is the side of caramel sauce that I didn't bother using. It was in a separate pouring container, but I wasn't able to pour any caramel sauce onto my pie because it was solid....\n\nService was slow, but overall it was fine. Our only issue was tracking down our server to pay our bill because we had to head off. However, it was almost a full house on that Saturday evening. Slow service is expected.\n\nAlthough it was a busy happy hour, a return visit is likely, but it might have to happen on a weekday. \n\nRating: 3.5\/5