Will not stay here again.  My sister and I took a quick trip to Las Vegas with my two kids.  So we wanted stay somewhere off the strip and after looking into hotels this seemed to be perfect for the kids.  Bowling, movie theater, arcade and a kids zone you can check them into.  On Sunday we drove from San Diego after my sons soccer tournaments and check into the hotel around 10:30 get settled in and relax after a long drive around 11:25 pm all this drilling noise starts.  We were aware there was remodeling going on but that was between 9am and 6 pm.  Called the front desk and they acted like they had no clue what it was turned out it was construction being done way past midnight.  We left to eat so by the time we get back it was over.  On Monday after taking the kids to the pool we return to our room. We had plans to go to the strip I open the closet to grab the iron only to find the biggest cockroach.  At this time I'm half way out the door.  Call the front desk and was told they would send housekeeping to take care of it.  I requested a new room ( I really wanted out of that hotel) I was told they would send a bell boy with a key to a new room.  Almost an hours later they bring a new key.  I asked him if he wanted to see it, he said no he believes me and acted like no big deal.  As we are struggling  to get all out luggage out the door as fast as we can one of the housekeeping ladies walk by and asked if everything was ok.  I said no!  I show her what we found and she said its common there but normally they are found in the restroom.  So we go to the new room they put us in and the A\/C is not working.  I went to the front desk and request a new room. We finally get into a new room with working A\/C and get settled.  I didn't sleep at all with the loud A\/C and being traumatized with the roach.   They next day we get up and ready to the strip for lunch and as I'm walking out the door the maid just opens the door no knock no mention she is coming in.  She asked if we are checking out I told her no. So wed morning we are due to check out at Noon.  My sister and my kids are sleeping and was tossing and turning and around 8:35 am our door just swings open.  I jumped up terrified to see the maid just walk into our room again!!!! Doesn't say anything and just walks out.  By this time I'm meant to leave the hotel.  I find a maid supervisor and told her what happen,  she said that's how they do room checks and they start at 8 am and walked away.  We are all getting ready to check out as quick as we can.  As I'm getting ready to put my son in the shower there is no water! My sister calls the front desk and is told it won't be on for another hour! Our whole stay was a mess.  The point of our trip was to relax and get away but turned into a stressful trip.  Will never stay here again! \n\nA few pros -the kids loved the pool and bowling .