Everything from my previous review no longer applies.  Except for my tips about carrying a camera and a small plastic bag for food and water at the finish.  In 2010, when I wrote my first review, the race was limited to 28,000 runners.  It was crowded but not too horrific.  This year, Las Vegas and the race organizers apparently got greedy and allowed 44,000 runners to enroll.  That is way too much.  Next year, they want to have 60,000 runners.  Not a good idea.  In the interest of being concise, here were the problems with the 2011 race and why I will not run this again unless they get the number back down to 28,000:\n\n1. The race organizers listed on the website that runners and spectators could park at the Luxor or Excalibur.  But apparently, they failed to clear that with the casinos and the casinos would not let us in.  Stupid, stupid, stupid.\n\n2. The marathon started 1.5 hours before the half marathon and went out in the neighborhoods surrounding Mandalay Bay.  So when the marathon runners hit the strip after running the first 13 miles, unless they were extremely fast, they ran right into a wall of much slower half marathon runners.  That just sucks.\n\n3. It took forever to get out of the finish line corral area because it was backed up for pictures.  Just mug shots of the runners.  Nothing fun like pictures with showgirls like last year.\n\n4.  It took us over an hour to just get out of Mandalay Bay.  This is just walking out of the casino and does not include walking to the car, traffic, etc.  Mandalay Bay and\/or the race organizers got the bright idea to schedule all this during National Final Rodeo and the opening weekend for Michael Jackson's The Immortal World Tour.  Piss poor planning all around.\n\nIt's a real bummer that I can't do this race again.  I've been doing the half marathon ever since it has been on the Strip and I wanted to continue the tradition.  But unless the race organizers place the cap at something reasonable, I can't do it anymore.