One of the newer bars in downtown Vegas, Commonwealth is not a spot that I would necessarily visit upon first glance. Don't get me wrong, it's beautiful inside with chandeliers and a sexy, library vibe. There are quite a few bars like this in the Bay Area, nothing terribly unusual. What really turned me off is the amount of the Chad-like dudes walking in with deep V tees and girls with big boobs\/two-toned hair\/facial piercings. It's loud in there, too! Guess that's just how people roll in Las Vegas, huh?\n\nAnyhoo, we were lucky enough to bypass the riff raff altogether and get a sneak peek of The Laundry Room, a secret bar within. AKA, a speakeasy. Normally I would groan and roll my eyes, as speakeasies are *so* 2009. However, never doubt the pageantry of Vegas. This one is legit.\n\nFirst off, they don't crowd the room with just anyone. Reservations are required, so even if you lurk near the entrance, chances are you won't get in. When we were there at 11:30 on a Saturday night, there were only about 6-8 other lucky patrons inside. Intimate without being creepy, music that's not harming your eardrums and the same, chic ambiance as the rest of the joint. Plus, they have their own private restroom so no need to exit, then re-enter. Lovely!\n\nBartenders here know how to make a drink, no joke. The menu itself (with beautiful photography btw) is fairly lengthy so there should be something for anyone. And if you don't like the pre-selected cocktails, the 'tenders can whip up something special. My vote? Classic St Germain champagne cocktail, with elderflower liqueur, bubbly, a splash of club soda and lemon peel. Was slightly little nervous ordering from a bartender I didn't know, but she made it perfectly without any directions necessary. God Bless! She also threw together a Penicillin, a pretty obscure drink IMHO. We even had the chance to visit with our new favorite drink slinger and she was awesome! Could hold her own against any of the mixologists in SF any day... probably better!\n\nJust like any other swanky joint in Vegas, drinks here are a bit pricey. But hey, what do you expect from a private room, private bartender, high quality beverages and good company? Definitely in my Top 5 Vegas nightlife experiences... not terribly wild per se, but classy all the way!