#Vegas Wow, the most obvious review I overlooked until today. Of course, I'm accidentally jacked up on a packet of 8 vitamins after forgetting I ingested a cappuccino. So my mind is some kinda Dexter Riley supercomputer for who knows how long. I have to type fast before my hands get too shaky or before I devolve to Algernon.\n\nI type this with the intention of reviews to be about traversing the Strip itself, Las Vegas Blvd.\n\nAs big an alcoholic as I am for the technically official Las Vegas- Downtown- I cannot deny the magnetism, charm and hopeful glory of the Strip. I'm not talking about any casino in particular but as a collective body of everything South of Russell Rd. to North downtown sign. The bold take it to Jerry's Nugget & the infamoustoric Palomino.\n\nMany, many times I have walked every foot of the Strip day and night, as a tourist and as a resident and employee- twice SNOWING, armed with a drink or on my first trip, the shameful walk with shopping bags on a mule run \"for back home.\" I've taken the Deuce, Monorail and Max buses, taxied and limoed Las Vegas, Blvd. and on one Parade Float I organized and chartered with 20 of my friends that made stretched Hum-V limos look like small, limp penises. I have been driven to parts unknown while drunk &\/or hallucinating in friend's back seats. \n\nI have started drinking during sunset, partied all night and taken many, many many walks of shame, not only from sunrise, but as late as 10:00AM when the sun was spiking 80 degrees+. Try that starving with a hangover, with no form of any currency, and you earned your veteran badge.\n\nI bitch when I have to walk 2 miles now, but I worked on the Strip and lived on west Sahara and walked many nights over 8 miles to get home, because I LOVED the walk. I got so much thinking done. Recently I realized this was the Zen that I strive to create in my existence, now. \n\nYou see everyone in every walk of life people watching the Strip, from retirees to babies in strollers, people from every country of every color and accent, from die hard singles to married 70 years, sober to drunk, starving to full. The Strip is the intergalactic space station DS9 and Babylon 5 want to be.\n\nOnce I woke up drunk on the Strip trolley (when those ran) in front of Bellagio having no idea how I got on board. Of course the last thing I remembered was finishing a Warp Core Breach before going on and subsequently blacking out in the middle of the New Borg Encounter- with friends I had lost. And if you know the old Trolly route, you know it completed most of the strip \"clockwise\" to get to where I regained consciousness.\n\nOne of the best things you can do in Vegas is to cruise the strip on a motorcycle. First, it's RIG-G.D. DANGEROUS, so first and foremost, I would advise doing it after 2:00AM on a weeknight. Off season. I have been on many dates that involved cruising the Strip. And I'm not talking about just north and south, We'd get into cruising every side street, every valet loop, every employee and delivery access. \n\nIf there was a road that branched off the strip, I have taken it, just to see where each one went. I discovered many shortcuts and interesting access points that served me when my job became making deliveries along the Strip. Also I found shortcuts that a car could not fit in but a motorcycle could squeeze thru ;) in a pinch.\n\nAs a local, I have driven the Strip to the far ends of the galaxy north and as far south as Las Vegas Blvd. is actually paved and been to many ... outposts with inhabitants so odd, it qualifies me to be a stuntman. I also joke about my adventures on a couple of the spiral arms of the galaxy, northwest of the beltway or DJ massives I've been to east of Enterprise. And that military road going East into darkness...\n\nThe north takes you to a lonely branch of road called SR40, miles before Valley of Fire. Technology should someday reveal a lot of missing politicians, Union leaders, mobsters and desperate gamblers buried all along this route.\n\nThe south road is an interesting stretch that parallels a lot of Hwy 15 past Stateline. It winds up crossing underneath 15 where once I found part of a NHP sting that radioed to a partner on the Fwy. It took a lot of explaining as to why I was there. Since I wasn't satisfied, I went back weeks later and found the pavement stopped and became a dirt road that went to the west horizon of mountains. It was tough to drive on 2 wheels but I did slowly. I was intercepted by a, uh representative with a shotgun. I imagine satellite- infrared technology will also reveal a 5 mile radius of lost travelers buried in the area. And there must be a plant that grew from the 2 pounds of crap that was scared out of me that day. \n\nOh, I have stories, but I'm already running out of room. I already wrote about a few on my old blog.\n\nNow, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to jog to Europe.