4 stars was given because I liked the casino a lot, but had issues with the hotel - so I split the difference. Read on. \n=== === === === \nCasino rating: 5 stars\nHotel rating: 2.5 stars, rounded up to 3 stars\n\nThe casino is a lot of fun. There's a ton of rock & roll memorabilia throughout the casino floor, including outfits, signed guitars, pictures of artists you won't see anywhere else, and other fun items. Amazing music plays all day\/night long, and kept me in the mood to gamble a little. Coming from a non-smoking city, I wasn't overly joyed that smoking was allowed in the casino but I expected it (I've been to Vegas before). Aside from gambling and memorabilia, you can do some fine eating, drinking, and shopping inside the casino. There were several restaurants, bars, a cafe, a Hard Rock shop, and a small general kind of store. The atmosphere in this area was light and fun. I enjoyed it quite a lot. \n\nThe hotel room... sadly, was a different story. We stayed in the Casino Tower, which I think is their oldest tower - although it has been renovated to my understanding. The room, at first glance, looked pretty nice: a king bed, a sitting chair, a desk area with drawer space, a flat screen TV on the wall, and a small bathroom. Pretty standard. Being on the fourth floor, the view was kind of hideous as it overlooked the rooftop, so we kept the shades shut. The TV was old and took a few seconds of lag to switch between channels - not a big deal. The bed was firmer than I'm used to, which I can adjust, but the pillows were both full feather pillows and as soon as you put your head on them they went flat. That, I cannot deal with and it was a struggle all night to get comfortable. Not to mention, I found a strange stain on the sheets that looked like it could have been blood. Luckily, the cleaning staff was awesome and I asked the ladies to change the sheets and they did. \n\nThe bathtub was oversized and would have been great for a bath, except for the fact that once you filled it and shut the water off it constantly dripped cold water at an unsteady pace. I said no to the bath, drained the tub, and took a shower instead. Needless to say, we spent as much time outside of the room as possible but when you're tired from exploring the strip or drinking and gambling, you want to have a nice room to go back to so you can relax. Unfortunately, this was not that room. So yeah, I'll be back to the casino but I probably won't stay at the hotel again -- at least not in the Casino Tower.