Never again will I ever come to this dealership. I went there just to get an appraisal and see what I can come up with... They took my keys, did my appraisal and said all they could offer me was an 06 lincoln which was at another location off Sahara. I told him, JR, the sales rep, that it's okay I'll look at it another day but he was insisting to take me in his OWN vehicle. I went and it was a good looking car and they kept saying how my 08 magnum was going to break down because it was over 100k and that I should get the 06 lincoln because it was at 54k and it was a lincoln. We went back to the dealership and I kept asking for my key back and saying that I'll come another day and make a decision, but here I am signing all these papers and leaving without my own license, they put a loaner license on my own car. They were saying how they know I wasn't going to come back and was just saying that, which I really wasn't going to come back, but they already had me sign the papers and saying that when I come back w my dad that they could just rip the papers up if he says no. Which I felt was BS. All I can say is that I believe I made the worst decision ever. I should have been blunt and demanded my keys back and didn't sign anything. This car has given me nothing but headache. I had to get new shocks and struts and now I need to get a new axle. I had to get new tires. Plus, I never ride passenger and the passenger handle broke off, but here's the kicker... The handle isn't even metal plated.. It was plastered with some tin foil sheet. Horrible, horrible. Did I also forget to mention that my starter didn't work one month after I purchased the car and had to get it towed from the north back to the dealership and had to pay for that myself. Smh. All I have to say is, if you're going to purchase a car, make sure they let you test drive it which I didn't do, make sure if you're a woman.. Come with a man! Don't sign anything and if it doesn't feel right.. Just leave!!!\n\n\nEdit: My car is still making loud noises everytime I drive. Sounds like rusty coil springs in a mattress. Debating whether I should trade this in or just spend 1k+ to fix it. Only had this car for a little over a year. I still miss my magnum everyday & wish I didn't trade it in. I know I was harsh in this review, but on a positive note... Scott from the Sahara location & The Hispanic guy in finance.. Were honest & helpful to me.