So I usually go to Little Darlings but always pass by this place. I remember this place named 3 other times over the last 6 years and they always went out of business (Secrets, Lions Den, & Eden)...I never went in before but if it was like this night I can see why they all went out of business. From the outside this place looks ultra fancy so I decided to go in on a Saturday night, which should have been their time to impress. When I get up to the door I asked the doorman if there was a locals special, he told me to drop him a tip and he'll waive the cover charge. I dropped $2 cause I'm not rich or nothing, but this was a con job cause I later found their Instagram and it said locals were free anyways...no big deal I only gave him $2. I walked around the club and there were a total of 8 women (3 black girls, 2 Asians, and 3 white girls). The first thing I noticed it was close to dead in there and no one was on the stage. As soon as I sat down the most attractive (and sadly the only) girl went up on the stage. She was the only one without cellulite in the whole club and had a hot chick's body, but she must have been on meth cause she had those scars on her cheeks. I know this is a topless club but she barely stripped, she had 2 layers of panties and didn't take even one of them off. She didn't even take her bra off, just flipped it to the top. I kept waiving a dollar at her to come take it like the girls as Darlings would but she seemed to hate her job, she just kept spinning on the poll and bending over now and then but nothing else, she could have took all my $1 bills if she just came over and gave me attention. Then she got off and a less attractive white girl got up there and a chubby black girl followed her. Then the attractive girl came up to me and wanted to know if I wanted a lap dance, seeing as she was the only attractive girl in the club I agreed but if her stage dancing was bad I should have known better. She first tried to get me to buy 3 dances for $100 or a VIP room for $140 but I told her that was more than I wanted to spend. So she offered me one for $20 which I accepted. It was by far the worst lapdance I ever had (not joking), she never once turned around to show me her rear, barely stripped like she did on stage, and told me I could only touch her back. She seemed out of it and it was so low energy. Then when she was done she tried to get me to spend more money again, but this time I knew better and turned her down, she asked for a tip and I was like \"why?\" lol so I gave her $1 to match her performance. Then a tall chubby black girl comes and sits on my lap, I told her she wasn't my type and she says \"why cause I'm black?\" Yikes! I told her no offense I just like white girls. She then gets one (she kind of looked Latina though), but this one was full of cellulite and she mistook me for some other guy that frequents the OG Gentelmen's Club she also works at. She tried to get me to buy a dance but she also wasn't my type, I gave her a dollar for rubbing my legs while trying to convince me. Then another black girl came my way but left as soon as she realized I was trying to ignore her lol. At this point I was like I got the hottest chick in the club and her service stinked and everyone else is just downhill. So I walked around and looked for another decent chick but couldn't find one so I asked the bouncer if that's all they had, he said for another hour. But that's another hour of getting hassled for lapdances by ugly strippers. So I left, then the doorman asks me how I liked it on my way out. I told him it could have been way better and he's like \"what do you expect for free?\" I told him that's why I'm not complaining too much. I probably won't return unless I just want a quick peak in the door to see if they finally hire some hot chicks.