I don't actually know where to begin because my experience here was so crazy.  I agree with the review below in that I just wanted to get the F out of there, pretty soon after arrival.  \n\nI made an appointment for Acupuncture.  That was very clear and confirmed on the phone.  When I got there and had a \"consultation\" I told the doctor that I had a never ending cold and sinus pressure headache.  In the past I've gotten treated for such things successfully with Acupuncture.  She told me that I'd be better off with a Hydrogen Peroxide I.V. and that it was close in cost.  \n\nThe next thing I know she is saying I should do a Hydrogen Peroxide, Vitamin B, and Vitamin C I.V. and that it would be $220.00  I'm not knocking any of the above treatments.   But knocking out a cold should never cost me $200+.  I'd sooner drink some orange juice, take a nap, and walk it off!  \n\nAfter negotiating prices with me, and some wheeling and dealing she offered me the Hydrogen Peroxide for $110 and a free Vitamin B.  I told her I'd rather have Vitamin C, as in the past every time I've had Vitamin B I am up all night.  The last thing I need is less sleep.  She assured me that what I needed was Hydrogen Peroxide.  Ok, Ok.  I agreed and followed her to set this thing up.  \n\nShe was helping another patient when my intuition kicked in heavily.  I understand this type of treatment for something more serious, but I felt taken advantage of and not listened to.  I felt like this treatment was gonna f me up.  I had a bad feeling in my gut for sure.  Hydrogen Peroxide in too high a dosage is toxic.  I don't want some stranger I've never met consulting with me for 2 minutes and then putting fluid in my veins for 20 minutes.  I don't think I'm crazy for feeling this way.  I ended up telling them I was uncomfortable.  The doctor told me it wasn't the treatment making me anxious, it was the needle.  Umm.... I made an appointment for Acupuncture and I'm tattooed from my ankle to my upper spine.  I'm not afraid of needles.  I ended up walking out.  \n\nAlso - I filled out ZERO paper work. EVERY time I've had any type of Medical Treatment I've filled out a medical questionnaire.  At this place I signed a paper saying I would let them treat me... and that's it.  \n\nThere was also nothing on the walls leading me to believe that anyone here is actually a D.O.M., or anything else.  The behavior definitely led me to believe  I wasn't in the hands of a professional. \n\nI ended up going somewhere else, getting the Acupuncture I asked for and paying $45.  I'm breathing clear and my sinus pressure and ear ache are gone.  Keep it movin if you're looking for healing.