We've visited State 48 Brewery several times now and each time has been a completely different experience. \n\nThe first visit was for brunch. We arrived right at 9AM for brunch on Saturday and the staff acted surprised to see us, which is funny because their website says Weekend Brunch 9AM-1PM.  We were seated and a server was rounded up for us. We enjoyed the cinnamon rolls for the table and as we were a larger group, enjoyed pretty much one of each thing on the brunch menu. It was all tasty but the service was clumsy because I guess they forgot that they serve brunch. Other patrons came in during that time so it wasn't like they were just accommodating us. \n\nThe next time we came, I brought my kids for brunch. My littlest doesn't care for biscuits so I asked if we could replace his biscuit for toast instead. The server said sure but then tried to charge me for the toast on my bill. We had to practically beg for refills and our food was cold. Our server seemed very put out when we sent the food back but I refuse to eat cold eggs and I shouldn't have to be made to feel like I'm inconveniencing someone in the process. \n\nThe third time we came was for dinner. Another time of begging for refills. I had the Autumn salad and husband had the Royale with Cheese. The salad was tasty but the burger had to be sent back twice. Just because he likes it well done doesn't mean it should be a hockey puck. The server was attentive and apologetic but even he didn't seem to get what well done meant. \n\nThe servers don't seem to be trained properly and seem confused when you ask for something outside of what's precisely written on the menu listing. The restaurant itself is kinda dirty. Twice I've noticed food jammed into the booth creases and the bathrooms are dusty. The food tastes good but as I've said in previous reviews, dining out is the about all 3 elements-service, ambiance, and food. 2 of those 3 elements are just meh here. I hope that it gets better because Surprise deserves a place like State 48 wants to be. I hope it gets there.