Maria Bonita's es muy bueno! \n\nWe started off a little rough, the hostess seemed to be more worried about how she looked then whether or not we were getting sat but we worked through it.  We sat down and were there for about 15 minutes before any drinks were served and before the chips and salsa made an appearance.  That may not seem like a big deal but in the mexican restaurant food world, it is!  You just grow to expect the heaping pile of chips and salsa to magically appear within moments so you can eat the entire basket, ask for more and fill up completely before your main meal is served.  That's just obvious!  The same hostess was tasked with getting our drink order and that was as far as it went...she took the order but then never appeared again.  Thankfully, a bright-eyed, super friendly server surfaced and he turned the whole experience around!  :)\n\nThe salsa was on point--so fresh and so clean clean.  Did I just quote part of an Outcast song from 1998, yes, yes I did.  Anyway, I love the fact that the salsa was in a huge bowl.  Normally whoever I am dining with gets in my way when I am dipping my chip but this bowl had room for 4 dippers!  Plus, I didn't feel like a little pig by having to ask for more salsa every 30 seconds because it was used up on the first two chips..\"cough cough-Azteka.\"....anyway, moving on...\n\nThe other thing I liked about Maria Bonita's is they had huge portions!  I know most mexican restaurants do but this was different.  The burritos were HUGE but packed with all types of goodies...veggies, cheese, beans, meat.  It held up well and had good substance.  The fajitas were good..no broccoli but not just salty onions and peppers so that was good.  They had zucchini, onions, peppers, and mushrooms.  \n\nOverall--very satisfying experience.  I would return.  The atmosphere is nice, pretty cozy and not super \"loud\" like some other local mexican restaurants tend to be.  There was no Mariachi band so that was clutch!\n\nThe location is a little brutal.  On the way there my husband kept asking what side of town we were on and I couldn't really explain it!  It is just one of those \"in the middle of nowhere\" type locations...like Quail Hollow.  It isn't on the way to anything really and the shopping center is nice but nothing to write home about.  They did have a couple other bars, shops, etc in the area so you can definitely make a night of it if you want.\n\nI'd return!