I searched for about a year for a decent tattoo artist in Las Vegas, and when I spoke with Dan he seemed like a cool guy.  In the process of bringing him a printout of what I wanted while waiting for the appointment I scheduled a week later(and put down a deposit) I had walked in on him doing tattoos that looked amazing.  By the day my appointment came I had made it very clear what I wanted. He showed me a stencil of the tattoo( i wanted something that looked like it had been stamped on me) so in looking at the stencil it was correct.  By the time I was able to look at my tattoo it was already finished and had details such as eyes nose and shading I did not ask for when I complained he said he was so sorry and that he would fix it, when I asked him why those details were not in the stencil(being that this was my first tattoo and very important) he claimed the detail is not supposed to be in the stencil.  After a couple hours of this \"I'll Fix it\" conversation he changed his story saying it was all my fault and I had not been clear.  The next day I called asking for a manager I got this guy \"bean\" who claimed he was an owner, after explaining calmly the situation and that I did not want to be one of those people to regret their first tattoo he assured me he would talk to Daniel and get to the bottom of it . A week went by still no word so I called back only to get attitude from \"bean\" claiming that Dan had denied everything I said and had showed him a stencil with detail on it. When I asked him what they were gonna do about this he claimed they \"needed time to figure out what to do\" I then told him this was not being handled professionally and could I speak to another owner. His reply in a smart tone was \" yea you can talk to dan hes the other owner\" needless to say my tattoo looks like shit and it has been a month and still no reply from either of them. If your tattoo is important to you, as permanent ink should be don't go here because history shows once they have their money they don't care.