The only reason i'm giving this place 3 stars is because #1 the menu is surprisingly good #2 The food was very good and even though the place was packed it came out in halfway decent timing #3 the manager seated us and she was very nice and the waitress was nice and apologizing constantly. #4 even though the place was packed it only took about 45minutes or so to get our food which is ok i guess. #5 The patio looked huge but unfortunately it was cold and windy but we were there for the indoor comedy show anyways.\n\nNow the bad: #1 There were a few guys  that i noticed had been served one too many i think this place may need to re-train their staff on eyeying customers up and how much alcohol to serve them. I used to be a bartender years ago and they seem to be more concerned with money than with customer safety. #2 It was fairly crowded on a friday night but it shouldn't take 20minutes just for the waitress to ask us our drink orders and another 20-30 minutes just to get them. #3 we drove all the way from Hudson ohio about an hour to see the comedy show here but the staff kept the televisions on the ENTIRE time !?!!?!? I could barely hear most of the comics jokes because almost everyone in this place was focusing on the tv's and keeping their voices so high. I don't know it just seemed to me why would you have these comics come out and perform but be so rude as to not shut off the tv's ? #4 the place was fairly small inside they devoted alot of space to that bar rather than seating which seems strange with the type of menu\/environment they seem to be promoting i dont know it's just very confusing like it seems they're trying to cater to the sports crowd\/fine dining crowd\/bar crowd and family crowd all at once and to me that seems like a disaster waiting to happen on any given night. #5 All the staff seemed to be dressed quite well but there was this one girl in a pink sheer shirt with a black bra that you could see right through it..........i don't know how or why anyone let that happen it's tacky i mean this was a restaurant not a strip club. #6 the layout a the inside is all wrong i don't know who designed it but i shouldn't have to be confronted with kitchen staff every 5minutes passing by me with dirty smelly pots\/pans etc.......and it was just kind of interrupting ya know ?\n\nAll in all i don't think im going to go back to this place again.........the experience just left a dirty taste in my mouth and i feel the manager could have handled that night so much better. I mean they knew alot of people would be coming that night and it just seemed they were more focused on the bar and not on anyone else as much and for all the food and drinks we ordered just between the 8of us.........they should have been paying just as much attention to us and our needs.\n\nOh yea we tried sticking around after the comedy but they had some TERRIBLE Dj come on playing AWFUL music.........seriously are you gonna tell me you think everyone only listens to RAP\/R&B ? No sir you are a failure as a DJ you're just using the music you like and know. So we left immediately. Im gonna say a very big NEVER AGAIN to this place.