I hate to give such a low rating to fellow Persian restaurant, but my last visit was a total disappointment! \n\nLast weekend, my parents and I had a random craving for Persian kabob, and the closest place to us that was open at the time (it was near 8 o'clock pm), was Darbar. I checked out the reviews on Yelp, and was so pleased to see such high ratings. I gave the OK on the restaurant, put the directions on my GPS, and off we were to feast on some yummy Persian food!\n\nWe entered the beautifully decorated, and dim-litted restaurant, and were made to wait for about 20 mins. No problem! I'd gladly wait an extra 20 mins for some good Persian kabob, but my parents and I definately regretted the wait after the dinner. \n\nWe were seated at a table near the back of the restaurant, and our kind waiter named Dana greeted us with the menus, and lit the candles on our tables. Such a romantic atmosphere! \n\nWe looked at our menus, and decided on getting an appetizer to share, which was the Ghormeh Sabzi on Tadig (herb stew with chunks of stew meat and red kidney beans, over crispy bread and rice from the bottom of the pot). This was such an odd concept for us, because Ghormeh Sabzi is typically served over rice, and Tadig is accompanied on the side as a well-loved treat. So, definately had to try it out. \n\nWe also placed our orders for our entrees at the same time. \nI had requested the Vaziri kabob dish, which consists of a skewer of Jooje kabob (chicken kabob), and a skewer of Koobide kabob (ground meat kabob), with rice. I had initially asked if I could swap the rice for salad, as I'm trying to cut down on carbs, but that could not be done for some reason. So, I settled for the delicious saffron rice. \nMy parents both ordered the Soltani dish, which included a skewer of Koobide kabob, and a skewer of Barg kabob (steak kabob).\nWe had also ordered a pitcher of Doogh which is a herbed yoghurt drink. \n\nDuring our long wait, we slowly filled ourselves up with the provided bread, feta cheese, walnuts, parsley, and raddishes (a typical Persian spread) which was arranged on the table.\nOur doogh and appetizer finally arrived, along with the entree meals.\n\nThe appetizer was not brought to us before the entree dishes, which was unnerving! The timing is very important for customers who place orders for appetizers, because they expect to munch on them BEFORE recieving their main entrees. \n\nWell, c'est la vie, and everyone makes mistakes! So we decided to try out some of the appetizer before digging into our main dishes.\n\n It was as you expect ghorme sabzi to look like over tadig, but boy oh boy was it delicious! The ghorme sabzi was full of flavour, the meat was so tender and juicy, and the tadig was crispy and buttery in flavour. If I could rate the appetizer alone, it would receive a 10\/10 from me! But unfortunately, you judge a Persian kabob restaurant for its kabobs, not the appetizer.\n\nWe set the appetizer aside, exchanged different pieces of kabobs, and dug into our kabobs. \n\nThe first thing I noticed from the kabobs were that they were too salty! All of them had a salt over-load, and it was even noticeable to my mom, who is a salt-fiend! The koobide kabob lacked in overall flavour, while the jooje kabob looked like it had a great saffron marinade on it by the rich colour, but was just OK in taste. Such a let-down! \nAlthough, the barg was overly salty as well, it had a really faint but pleasant, onion taste to it. The buttery saffron rice was also nice, and cooked to perfection. I commend the chef for their good rice-cooking skills!\n\nThe saltiness of the food made us very thirsty, so we poured doogh for eachother to drink. \nThe doogh was essentially just yoghurt with herbs. There was a lack of carbonated water\/water in the yoghurt to make it more liquidy in texture, like a typical doogh drink. So, I requested for some water. \nDana had brought out a plastic bottle of water, poured some in separate cups, and left the rest of the small bottle on the table. It was unusual to witness that, but we immediately poured the water into our other cups.\n\nThe portions were big, but the taste was lacking.\nAt the end of the meal, we got charged over $200(including the water), for a super long wait, and some really salty kabobs.\n\nI wouldn't recommend this place to non-rich people,  who don't enjoy salty foods. \n\nThough, I may consider going back for the delicious appetizer (the only good thing on the menu that we had tried).