For a highly rated restaurant and supposedly one of the top steakhouses in the area, this place really fell short for me. Everything was underwhelming, from checking in to the food. First impressions are everything. The hostess did not greet us when we walked in. Instead we awkwardly stood in front of her for awhile and told her we had a reservation. Maybe I'm being picky but since this is a nicer restaurant I would have expected her to acknowledge that we were here to celebrate a special occasion (which we noted on our reservation). But nope, no acknowledgement. \n\nThe ambiance was kind of interesting. It's dimly lit but has a \"business meeting\" feel to it, especially with the swivel chairs (which I'm not sure I like at a restaurant...). Nothing romantic or date-like about this place at all. \n\nFor food they start you off with different types of bread. The first is a stick bread with parmesan--not bad but very flaky and you will get crumbs everywhere. Next you get to choose 2 from an assortment of bread they bring out. I don't recall the names of all of them but the pretzel bread was my favorite. They also brought out a 3rd one which looked like it should've been flaky but was actually very soft when you bite into it. \n\nFor our meal, we ordered the bone marrow flan appetizer, the bone in 20oz ribeye cooked medium rare, and a side of creamed spinach with egg. The bone marrow was really good. The plate comes with a marrow, capers, and little pieces of toasted bread. Very delicious when you put them together to eat as a toast\/sandwich. The ribeye, which should've been the star of the meal, was very disappointing. Their style of cooking here is to sear the outside of the meat so that it looks almost black. Unfortunately, the sear caused the meat to be tough and dry. Since when are medium rare steaks supposed to come out dry and without ANY juice coming out? It might be telling that they also bring out an assortment of mustards\/sauces for you to enjoy along with your steak. Perhaps to mask the intense sear?? The creamed spinach was also a disappointment. Insanely small portion (and these are meant to be shared???) and the egg is just mushed up into it. Nothing special.\n\nOverall, my husband and I were very disappointed in our meal. I had high expectations for this place and this place fell very short. If you like your meat seared until it's black, then maybe you would enjoy this restaurant. Otherwise I would suggest you go spend your money someplace else.