I found Karve on Yelp after doing research into Ballet Barre \/ Berk Method workouts.  Due to a few back injuries, this workout suited my need of an effective, low impact toning workout that would strengthen my core and back.  \n\n  Now let me start out by saying I had never been to a group exercise class.  Classes freak me out.  My tendency to trip and fall for no apparent reason and overall lack of coordination had up until this point prevented me from setting foot into any environment with potential for embarrassment. \n\n  I turned 30 last year and am obsessed with stopping the hands of time both externally and internally.   I had set a goal for myself of getting a six pack by 2011.  Hell I would even take a four pack.  It was time to man up.\n\n  So I pulled the trigger on Karve, signing up for a  \"Karve Basics\" class. Like a good little student, I arrived 15 minutes early and filled out the needed paper work.  That night's teacher was Casey, who I affectionately refer to as \"Throw up lady\".  This nickname is a result only of what I did when I got home from my first class, it has nothing to do with Casey personally, whose classes I have come to enjoy.  Other then the projectile vomiting and nearly falling down the stairs after class due to my legs shaking violently, I loved it.  She ran through a few of the moves we do in class, and a nice stretch, class began with a few minutes of marching in place coupled with different arm movements to warm up.  For the next hour we did arm work, planks and pushups, ballet inspired stretches at the bar, thigh and the dreaded seat work, and the most intense as well designed ab workout I had ever done.  When the lights were turned off at the end of the class and we cooled down with some yoga poses and stretches, I felt both misery and bliss at the thought of it ending.\n\n  I now am a loyal \"auto pay unlimited month\" client and have been going for about 6 months, and am so glad I found a workout I love and am committed to for the long run.  I'm sure many of you reading this are debating giving it a shot, and I urge you to do so.  But I also feel it is my duty to bring you up to speed on a few things that I wish I knew , because I want everyone to enjoy Karve as much as I do.\n\n  So #1, Karve Basics is NOT an introductory class. All \"basics\" means is that the focus is on holding the correct form. I actually think it's harder because instead of transitioning moves every 10 seconds or so, you hold them for 20 plus seconds. Brutal.\n\n  #2 Don't expect a miracle.  I thought within 3 months of 3-4 classes a week I would look like Gisele in a bikini.  Not so much.  After 6 months I am almost at my goal, so I think 6-9 months of consistent classes will have most people in pretty decent shape.\n\n  #3 It takes about 5-10 classes to feel like you are doing all the moves correctly.  What's great about Karve is no one judges you because we have all been there, so if you can't complete a pose or drop to your knees on pushups, no worries. When you get it right, it feels amazing.\n\n  #4 Another reviewer on here commented on only wanting to go to Alli's class, because compared to other instructors she seems the most encouraging.  I have to agree, but don't make that an excuse to not go.  If you need help, any of these lovely ladies will go above and beyond.  But Alli overall is the most patient with newbies and I enjoy her class immensely.  I think Tara, Michelle, and Danielle are also good choices for your first class, they will take time to show you how to modify moves if you have an injury or are new to Karve.  Casey is a great teacher and is very creative. She just got a bad rep around my house because of the projectile vomiting I mentioned earlier, but she is awesome and her class is always a challenge.  I pretty much only can attend the 7PM classes or weekends, so I can't really speak about the daytime teachers.  Kendra is the owner, and I've only been able to go to her class once or twice, but she is so graceful to watch you can't help but want to stick it out so you can look like look like her! Gina is like a damn drill sergeant. No joke her class is hard and she moves quickly.  Her class is a challenge for seasoned Karve students (a good thing), but I personally can't say I would send a friend to her for their first class.  One Saturday she taught Karve Basics, and I watched a girl there for the first time practically break into tears of frustration trying to keep up with the quick pace.  I felt compelled to say hi to her after class and tell her it's not always like that, and I hoped she would come back.  Let's just say we never saw her again.   This is MY opinion, all the teachers are great in their own ways and you need to find the ones that suit you. But DON'T let a teacher you don't jive with be your excuse not to get your butt in there!\n\nSo thanks Karve - you've done me right and I look foward to a long friendship! If you are thinking about trying it, do it!