Stripchezze Food Truck is one of my favorite food trucks here in Vegas. Not only is Suzy and her crew always friendly and helpful, but it's very obvious how genuinely passionate they are about the type of product that are putting out. Quality ingredients are used and everything I have had has been packed full of amazing flavor. Don't expect to find any old school grilled cheese made with Kraft singles here at Stripchezze Food Truck, not that I have anything against those because they are tasty with tomato soup, no shame. These grilled cheese sandwiches however are on a totally different level and my taste buds are in love with them.\n\nDaddy's on a Roll ($7) - Deep fried 3-cheese mac and cheese egg rolls with kimchi dipping sauce. These were delicious and not too greasy at all. My hubby liked the kimchi sauce with his while I found the mac and cheese egg rolls tasty all by themselves. Perfectly crispy. Very good and a must try. \n\nJackpot Pastrami ($9.50) - Pastrami and Swiss cheese with spicy brown mustard and sweet pickle relish on Parmesan crusted sourdough bread. The bread is grilled perfectly and the Parmesan crust is very good. All the fillings paired nicely together and the pastrami had good flavor. \n\nHot Streak ($8) - Pepper Jack cheese and jalapenos served on Permesan and flamin' hot cheetoh crusted sourdough bread with sriracha mayo. Yep, you read all that right! I figured this would be super hot and hard to eat, but not at all. The outer sandwich has just the right crunch and while there is some heat, it tastes great and the flavor is something I haven't had before. Give it a try once and you'll more than likely be hooked. \n\nJam on it ($8) - Maple bourbon bacon jam, sliced tomatoes and muenster cheese on Parmesan cheese crusted sourdough bread. This one is by far my favorite! Packed full of amazing flavor, your taste buds will dance and you will constantly crave it, at least I do! That bourbon bacon jam is the effing delicious! I will be consuming many more of this particular grilled cheese that's for sure. \n\nThis truck gets around town. I stopped by it last week for some dinner at the Food Truck Party that happens every Thursday from 4:30 pm - 9 pm in the Total Wine parking lot near Town Square, but you can follow them on social media to see where they are during the rest of the week or see about any possible date changes.