Upon hearing of recent changes that have been made I decided to disregard the previous reviews and go in with a clear and clean slate. I am so glad I did or I would have missed out on the wonderful experience we encountered here at Old Homestead Steakhouse.\n\nWow... really where do I begin? Everything was Amazing from start to finish, this review could easily end over a few chapters. \n\nOur server was Dave, he was really friendly and knowledgeable about the menu, he suggested a few items that we did try and liked a lot! The service is top notch across the board! Refills of my iced tea and water were constant as I never had an empty glass, loved that!\n\nMy boyfriend started off with a vodka and cranberry drink for starters. Very nice!\n\nI decided on the wedge of iceberg salad, I opted for ranch dressing instead of blue cheese. Mmm it was hot outside and I was really craving a fresh salad and it was delicious. The ranch dressing does taste homemade which was so good I could literally drink a cup of it. I enjoyed the crisp bacon pieces in my salad as well, so yummy. They split the salad in half so that we could share it and both have salad.\n\nWe also ordered the appetizer fried calamari, so tender and the breading was light and flaky upon entering my mouth it literally melted it was so delicious and flavorful.\nThe BEST fried calamari I have ever had for sure without a doubt!\n\nBread basket! We have a winner! Mmmm yum, my eyes lit up as they placed this basket of heaven upon us. Bacon and cheese fresh baked muffins, dinner rolls, pumpernickel bread and fresh soft pretzel bread twist! MMMMM whoa I was in a happy place. I love a great bread basket!\n\nFor our main course I ordered the Gotham rib steak on the bone 22oz. I like rib eye and this was a treat! Wow the perfectly seasoned char on my steak was so flavorful and every bite was juicy and tender. My dream steak was finally had after 35 years of meat eating this steak had me at first bite. Mmmm can you say mouth orgasm? Mmmm yum over and over!\n\nMy boyfriend had the Empire cut of prime rib on the bone. Mmm yum this mammoth of a meat mound was the best prime rib he ever had in his life he said. I had two bites and it was indeed the best prime rib I have ever had in my life. The Fred Flinstone of servings along with the juicy and tenderness of the prime rib was delightful! If you like prime rib, this is where you must come and have it because you have not had prime rib until you have it here! Wow, I keep thinking of how it tasted so well naturally seasoned and juicy, mouth watering. I would come back and order it, because I have a feeling my taste buds will not let it rest it was that fantastic!\n\nAlong with our main course we decided on two side dishes, their homemade tater tots that come with a sour cream dip that includes cheese, chives and crisp big fresh bacon bits. Those tater tots are to die for, the presentation is very nice as well, I love the art deco standing tall cone they come in very clever. I will be craving those tater tots I just know it. \n\nMmmm they have a baked mac and cheese, it is three or four cheese and it is simply out of this world! I love the presentation in that a little mini baking dish that is oozing and bubbly upon arrival! Melt in your mouth, I think this was the cause of a few of those mouth orgasms I had as well. \n\nWe were too full to enjoy dessert however decided on a piece of their 10 layer chocolate gnash cake to take home and share. Wow, a chocolate paradise. This cured my sweet tooth and need for chocolate. The cake so moist and the multiple layers of chocolate were just Divine! Once again I was in a happy place, my tummy was thanking me and my mouth was rejoicing for the pleasure of such a wonderful and rich treat!\n\nWe had the time of our lives during this visit. We were spoiled and treated like king and queen by the staff. The service is Amazing, the server has assistants who cater to your every need such as clearing plates away, drink refills, etc.\n\nThe food was Divine in every way possible and the service was stellar.\n\nFor the first time in my Yelp history I do not have one single complaint. I seriously would NOT change a thing!\n\nThis is a classy joint and you get what you pay for! They also have a gal coming around to take professional photos of you which is awesome! The restaurant has dim lighting and the seating is comfortable, both booths, tables and half booths are great! Perfect for couples, special occasions, business meetings, etc. Very impressive for all you can't go wrong here. \n\nI will be back and I highly suggest you do the same! \n\nWhat was neat was that everyone around us was happy, it was not just us enjoying our experience, everyone else seemed to be in bliss as well.\n\nI attached photos of all of the goodies we consumed!\n\nI am in love with this Steakhouse...enough said!