Wow- this place is the real deal! \n\nUsing my trusty Yelp search, I looked for the highest rated tint shop in Maricopa County. Cactus Tint was far and away the highest rated, by many trusted people. I emailed Rick (the owner) a week ago on a Sunday, and within an hour I received a reply, answering one of my numerous questions. I don't expect to hear back on a weekend, but it was a very nice touch.\n\nI just bought a brand new car, and I wanted to protect it and have it looking sharp. I learned about a product called \"Clear Bra\" which sadly has nothing to do with underwear. This product is applied over your front bumpers, fenders, and partial hood. Basically this clear modern product replaces the old creepy leather bras- designed to protect your sled from rocks and the evil chips that hit your car and destroy your paint. Because I bought a dark blue truck, I was concerned that the rocks and crap that fly through the air on the freeway would have my new car looking bad in a week. Of course things are always going to happen- but you can still do what you can to protect your huge investment. \n\nHere's a short video showing you what this product can do.\n\nhttps:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=zJaTGoDIQtU&feature=plcp\n\nI took my truck in to get tinted and have the Clear Bra installed. I met with Rick to go over what I thought I wanted. Rick did an awesome job of translating what I was asking for, to what I really wanted. Rick showed me the different products and spent a lot of time making sure that what I was asking for would meet my needs. Unlike other places, Rick didn't try any upsell crap- he was great! Rick also helped me stretch my dollar farther, and I was able to tint my glass sunroof.\n\nWhen I went back to pick up my truck, it was immaculate. Matt and crew did an amazing job installing the tint and Clear Bra, you can't see it, except for a certain angle. The glass looked amazing with the addition of the SunTek tint material. It's amazing that you can be driving and you don't feel the heat of the sun from the glass. It's like I am driving in a nice safe cocoon, free of sun, paint chipping, and harmful UV rays.\n\nIf you need your home or auto tinted, don't go anywhere but Cactus Tint. Rick and his team are amazing and provide amazing customer service. Keep in mind Cactus Tint does multi-million dollar cars, and they use as much TLC in tinting a Toyota truck. That says it all to me. There are times when  you don't want to go cheap on something. Body armor, parachutes, attorneys, and Car Tint. If you buy a new car, I HIGHLY recommend that you check out the Clear Bra, it will protect your investment and have your car looking good, years down the line. Rick and his team are consummate professionals and take a great deal of pride in doing precise work. You can tell as soon as you walk in, they are professionals and crisp. The shop is immaculate both front and back of house. If you get to go back into the working area of the business, you will see a work space cleaner than any restaurant, and as clean as a surgical operating suite.\n\nI will never go anywhere else for tint or paint protection services. Cactus Tint was tremendous in every way. Thanks guys!