After staying here the first time a few months ago I decided that I wouldn't come back (Read Natasha M. review for the recap on that stay) \n\nAria has only two things gong for it, its new and its smells nice when you walk inside. Other than that its like every other Vegas hotel. If you're looking for refreshing decor go to Encore. Or for space go to Palazzo. Aria offers neither one of those. \n\nAfter my first visit, I had to come back here a second time for my sisters bachelorette weekend. I tried convincing her not to stay here but she didn't budge bc rightly so she wanted to experience this new hotel for herself .... to put it lightly by the end of our trip I couldn't hear myself say \"I told you so\" enough. \n\nHow wrong can Aria get booking a room? Instead of giving us two rooms with the request of 2 king beds in one and 1 king in another, we got 1 room with only one king bed, for 5 girls. NO. you're joking. are you on crack? where the first three things that came to mind when the concierge told us there was nothing he could do being that it was \"fight week\" and they were completely booked.\n\nHow irresponsible of the hotel to over book guests. If they aren't ready to handle that many customers then they shouldn't be open. Lucky for Aria they hired Chris (the concierge guy) and he tried helping by discounting the room for us which was nice and why two points are given. He also told us that he would send up a fold out bed so that we could be a little more comfortable. Fine. \n\nSo we get up to the room and everyone is beginning to cool down from being so angry. We're having fun pushing all the buttons in the little remote when we realize about 30min into being in our room, where is the bed they promised to bring up? \n\nWe call down to the front desk only to be told by a string of people that I need to be connected to this or that person. FINALLY I get a hold of someone and they tell me that they have RUN OUT of fold out beds. Seriously lady!? Weren't we just promised a bed at the front desk by Chris? They seem to not have enough of anything in this place. No rooms and now no beds. Seriously, you should have an extra bed to every room. This is not 1912 and we are not on the Titanic. Be prepared Aria, and go get enough supplies!! \n\nWe ended up getting the bed but only after a slew of yelling. Aria, why would you want someone to have to get angry in order to get what is expected? Just do your job and maybe you'll have a happy customer at the end of the day.