I've taken quite a few classes here on my way towards obtaining my degree. The campus is quite small so that's good when your'e on foot. Teachers are kinda hit and miss so be sure to checkout sites that give you the scoop on teachers before registering for classes. The bookstore is a clusterfudge of nonsense, but i heard all colleges are like that. They magically don't have used books when the semester starts so you get conned into buying them and probably never using them and if you try and sell them back you will get less than half of what you bought them for. Parking is free which is good, if your'e smart and learn the routine you will be able to find near by spots. Where this place falls short and makes my blood boil is the office staff. These schmucks have encountered my wrath a few times. For example they deleted my account, for no reason and couldn't retrieve it. So i had to send for my transcripts from classes I took out of state. They told me this bs a few days before the semester started. They used to have this old hag at the cashiers desk who was a real see you next tuesday ( think of what that acronym spells out ). I had to cancel a class due to the fact that is collided with my work schedule. I thought it would be an easy fix , because it was the first day of class I lucked out and there was no line. I approached the plexi glass window and the she devil approached. She was very condescending and would not give me the time of day. She just kept shouting COME BACk some other time. I stood my ground and refused to leave , I wanted to get a full refund and her being a lazy asshole wasn't going to disrupt that. I raised my voice to her without cursing and told her get your supervisor if you can't do it. After a stare down with the she beast and a few heads turned my way the mousy supervisor came to the window got me my refund and I left outta there with my blood boiling. The other douchey teens they have as staff are a joke. They don't listen refuse to be of any help and are rude as hell. I went to the Cheyenne campus last semester and it was way better.