Well, at least I can say I understand why this restaurant is called Forget. After eating here, I wish I could forget the experience. I first came across this restaurant when I visited Montreal for the first time with my parents. We were planning to have dinner here until a torrential downpour sidetracked that idea. I was not as fortunate to avoid this place the second time around. My friends and I took a day trip to Montreal this past weekend and we decided to come here for dinner. We were met by the same hostess who convincingly tried to seat us at one of their many vacant tables on the patio. That was probably the first warning sign to avoid this place. Nonetheless, we wanted some authentic French food so we gave it a shot. \n\nThe menu was expensive, but I thought high prices were intrinsic to French cuisine. They had an appealing three course meal, which came with a soup of the day or smal salad and tea or coffee that accompanied the main entree. I decided to go with the chicken supreme, which turned out to be the complete opposite of supreme. The soup of the day was cream tomato soup, which came hot, but somewhat too acidic for my taste. I did have a taste of my friend's gazpacho soup, which was refreshing, albeit resembling more of a chilled salsa soup than anything. Then came the driest piece of chicken that I've ever tasted. It looked grilled and the thickness was about four inches. There's no way you could grill a chicken breast that thick, but they somehow managed to do it (incorrectly). The outer layer was inedible and the only slightly edible portion was the very middle. The orange sauce was decent, but no amount of sauce could save that chicken breast. In addition, the vegetables were steamed to a mush and the potatoes were unimpressive. \n\nOn top of that, we were given the bill without being offered coffee or tea until we asked. And to top off our inglorious meal, a giant spider dropped down on my hand. I think it's safe to say this was one of the worst meals I've had for the price I paid. Please let me forget Restaurant Forget.