You let me down CPK. I dined there and it was a bit busy. Our server took long enough to make initial contact that we were able to decide on what we wanted and still have some time to wait. She initially said she'll be with us after waiting so long and then came back a few minutes later. She took our entire order then. I ordered the Ahi Tuna Egg Roll to start and a Mango Lemonade and I ordered the kids pizza for my little one. We got our drinks and waited and eventually the appetizer was dropped. I chomped down on one and was not pleased. It wasn't very flavorful and I had to dunk it into the accompanied sauce to get some slight enjoyment from the egg roll. That enjoyment was short lived when I noticed the tuna in the other egg roll had some rainbow discoloration to it. That didn't look normal to me so I didn't touch it. The other egg roll looked ok so I tried that one, but the lack of taste just left me in a blah state. After sitting for awhile more waiting for our entrees, some bread was dropped off. I'm pretty sure that should have been dropped at the beginning with our drinks....Soon after my kids pizza was dropped and she started to indulge. A few minutes later my carne asada pizza was dropped and again, not too pleased with it. I was really looking forward to it because of the failed egg roll and the pictures on yelp made it look scrumptious. But i was sadly disappointed. The poblano peppers were very overpowering in spice and the meat was not flavorful at all. I had two slices and was done. I will take the fault on this one. I asked the server if it was spicy and she said it was a little spicy. I should've known better but figured I'd give it a try. It's sad because I've had great experiences at the Town Square location. Their staff, management, and food quality has always been on point there.  Service was subpar. Don't know her name because she never gave it but she did do a check back on the food. We had dirty plates sitting on my table for the longest time. It could've been cleared off when my kids pizza was delivered but it just sat there, I had a few team members and even a manager pass it a couple of times. It sat there on the edge, just chillin till finally my server came to get it. I was pretty much done with my meal by then.