OK this is like my fifth time here and their sponge, er, I mean cheesecake is light, fluffy and delicious. However, yup, it is more like cheese flavoured sponge cake. Don't get me wrong New York cheesecake is heavy, sugary and basically disgusting. This is a much better option.\n$10 is pretty expensive for a light fluffy simple cake, but the demand is literally out of the door. That is funny because they have piles of Philadelphia cheese piled high in the fridge. Today, the line-up was 10-12 people long. This shop sells madeleines, angel cake and the cheese cake here. One can buy one of each cake and nothing more. \nThey were pretty clever not adding more ovens in order to keep the lines long and the demand high (by now they bought out their neighbouring store, which used to be a barber shop), but now that the Chinese knock offs have opened up and ripping them off they better start dropping their shtick and satisfying demand (really not interested in the bitter matcha cake next door). The customer base is 80% Chinese of course.\nNo worries though, the Uncle has caught on and, aside from the pop up at Union Station which last year only sold slices, has a Markham location of Uncle Tetsu very soon. The Markham\/Unionville Uncle Tetsu shows that the man and the business are still hungry for more business.\n\nseveral points:\nThey only accept cash and debit because making 80% profit on each cake is not enough lol.\nThe girl(s) who works the cash is not Japanese. A customer in front of the counter tried speaking Japanese and the girl could not understand it.\nLastly, the blackboard says \"Round and fluffy mom's home made hot angel hat and madeleine.\" It is \"home-made\" not \"home made\" because 'home' did not make anything, but more importantly, how could the things be home-made if they are being made in the store in front of you? Does the uncle live and sleep there?\nFinally, the literature (the Tetsu Rising Sun newsletter) makes a point of saying Uncle Tetsu came to Toronto to follow his heart and didn't go to NYC and chose our fair city because that is where the love is and so on and so forth. No mention of the business opportunity and joint venture invitation by the Japanese-Canadian businessman who runs the Japanese festival at Y&D, etc.??? Lol I guess it makes sense: The Sun newspaper is full of made-up fake quasi news so the logo and name continue the trend!!