Holy tap-dancing Christo!  This place is, \"Is that a solar system in your restaurant? Because your food is out of this world good.\"  \n\nTo preface, I went into this day a little tired and completely unaware of what was going to happen.  A friend recommended we mix up our normal Sunday routine of the Flying Biscuit and try out Fenwick's.... Which most people had never heard of - but this guy is cute and has great taste so sure, we were on board.  I've probably driven by this restaurant well over 50 times and never thought anything of it.  It's kind of like the girl next store... adorable and unassuming, but then you get one taste and boom! You're hooked.  \n\nLet's start by saying that we had a group of 16 people and this place probably seats 25-30 MAX.  We walked in without any reservations or heads up and they were all smiles and let us rearrange their restaurant at our leisure.  Some customers even moved seats to make more room - amazing.  From the moment we sat down service was attentive and friendly and constantly throughout the meal our group kept saying \"I feel like they care about me\" or \"I feel like I'm at home.\"  What better compliment can you give?\n\nBut here's the cincher - the FOOD.  There were about 6 specials that our waitress told us about - all of them which made me drool.   I had to go with the (WAIT FOR IT)......... Nutella stuffed, Captain Crunch rolled, Brioche covered in chocolate and bananas.  WHAT!?  Somebody pinch me, did she say Captain Crunch AND Nutella?!  So that was an obvious hit...over the fence world series kind of thing.  But out of the 16 people in our group everyone got a pretty varied menu: omelets, quiche, benedict, breakfast specials, caramel apple pancakes, banana foster pancakes, grits, etc.   Group consensus?  Absolutely 100% yes I would do that again and pay twice the price it was so good.\n\nSo overall, you should probably stop whatever you're doing, quit your job and see if you can live in Fenwick's.  Top 5 places in Charlotte.  \n\nMy 2013 challenge?  Try everything on Fenwick's menu.  Amen to this place, Love at first taste.