I've attempted to come here many times but decided that crowd isn't worth the wait.  Finally, coming here for an extremely early dinner (5:30pm), this place was not quite half full.  Success!  I've been looking to eat healthy for a while now and found out about this place a while back but didn't really look into the menu.  I had no idea this place was vegetarian.  Needless to say, I was pretty surprised when my girlfriend's burger came meatless.  I just figured it was a healthy restaurant.\n\nWhat can I say?  Well, upon entering I was greeted immediately and escorted to a table.  Staff was really nice and helpful.  Food was filling and quite tasty and after the meal, I was neither hungry, nor did I feel like a fat slob after eating (such as when I eat Wendy's).  I got gotten the soup, salad and cornbread combo with a side of hummus and my girl friend had gotten the B.B.Q. Burger with a side of coleslaw.  Food was colorful, bright, delicious and full of flavor.\n\nCorn bread was interesting.  It crumbled so easily and kind of reminded me of the flavor of the Frito Lay corn chips minus the crazy grease.  Very yummy but seemed a bit too dry.  First time ever having cornbread, not sure if it's supposed to be like that.  The soup, I couldn't actually tell you what kind it was that day but it had a bit of spice similar to that of a curry (cumin, coriander , turmeric, etc) but I personally felt it was a touch salty.  Regardless I still hoovered the whole thing.  The salad with house dressing was nice and fresh.  It had edemame, cucumber, kale and the other stuff you would get in the spring mix packages in a grocery store.  That was probably the worst part of my dish but the house dressing made it much better.  A bit of sweet, a bit of sour and just delicious all over.\n\nMy girlfriend got the BBQ burger with a side of coleslaw.  This burger was topped with a tomato, banana peppers, garlic mayo (which was so good I would eat from a spoon), 2 quinoa battered onion rings, some bbq sauce and the meatless, vegan patty.  I really enjoyed the onion rings on the burger as well as the garlic mayo.  If I can order just the onion rings next time I think I'm going to.  The burger overall was delicious but yeah, I think I really enjoyed the rings more than I did the patty.  My girlfriend loved this burger.  I had a couple bites but am convinced I would have been happier eating beef but I guess people don't really come here for that.  I have a vegetarian friend and I'm not sure if she's ever heard of this place but I just found a new place we can eat comfortably together.  I will definitely be back here.  I was quite satisfied with my meal considering I am an all out meat lover.  I literally came here looking for meat.  As I said earlier, I figured it was just a \"healthy\" restaurant, not vegetarian.  Anyway, food was good, price was great (both our meals, no drinks $21), so I'll definitely be back.