I give this two stars for the actual dance - they're extremely traditional in style and programming, and appeal greatly to the Nutcracker fans out there. Sharp, cutting edge, brilliant they ain't and their dancers are competent but lack style or pzazz. If you like little girls in pink tutus, you'll probably go see them.\nHowever, do NOT give them your contact details. They phone you again and again asking for money (on top of the ticket price). Last year, someone phoned and asked for a donation. I said I was busy. She said she'd phone back and did, though not at the time we'd agreed. I told her I had talked to my husband and we had agreed that, although we had allocated our budget for donations to local groups, we like to support the arts and so would like to donate something to their next auction. She told me that was fine, but would I give some money too? I repeated that we had decided not to give money but would donate an item. Was I sure? Yes. She then started saying how much money they needed. I cut her short and told her there was no money on offer. OK, I'll pass that on to someone and they'll contact you. I assume she was on commission.\nMonths passed. Eventually I got a request in the mail for a donation - I fired off an email telling them they had never acknowledged our offer, let alone accepted or declined it. I got a phone call from someone saying Oops, passed this to someone else, an email saying sorry... I shrugged and decided to forget it, and them. \nThen a couple of weeks ago, I got a call asking for money. I stopped him halfway through his spiel and told him I had asked not to be contacted again. A  few days later, someone phoned me to ask what had been the issue, as she'd got a garbled account. I told her the saga. Strange, she said, it doesn't say on your record here that you don't want to be phoned; I'll amend that. After she hung up, I thought \"Know what? I don't want ot be phoned OR written to OR emailed. I told them that last year. Why do they have a record of me?\" So I emailed and said don't write or email or phone. Remove me from your records.\nToday I got a mailing from them.\nMebbe they think persistence and ignoring my requests will wear me down and I'll start scattering them with largesse. \nWhat is actually happening is that I am now telling everyone and his aunt \"FOR GOD'S SAKE, DON'T GIVE THEM YOUR CONTACT DETAILS\"