The name of this hotel has a positive nostalgia for me.  It makes me think of a club I used to hang out at when I lived in Atlanta and of course one of my go-to drinks (before dirty martinis became more appealing to my taste buds).  I remember hearing about this Cosmopolitan before it's grand opening just about a year ago, and of course I read the rave reviews that came before mine, so I was super excited when my husband told me we were heading to Vegas for a friend's shotgun wedding and we were staying at the Cosmopolitan.  Stayed there, we did... and we also dined at almost all of the restaurants inside this hotel, used the fitness facility and the spa.\n\nThe hotel is as glitzy and glamorous as you'd imagine.  It is modern and sleek, yet comfortable.  The rooms are spacious and include a sitting area, desk, kitchen, large bathroom, patio (at least our room did), closet, and fluffy(comfortable) bed.  The view from our room overlooked the fountains at the Bellagio.  We also had a refrigerator and honor bar.  The bathroom amenities were quality, but despite being one of the nicest hotel rooms I've stayed at, there were two minor drawbacks: 1- our room was missing a hairdryer (probably an oversight and I am sure if I called to mention it, they would've replaced it), and 2 - the toilet paper was cheap.  Again, these are very minor but worth mentioning!\n\nAs I said above, we dined at many of the restaurants located inside the hotel.  My favorites were: Blue Ribbon Sushi, China Poblano (I never would've combined Chinese and Mexican, but it works!), and Jaleo (don't miss their incredible acetunas aka olives).  Oh, and if you're into buffets, don't miss Wicked Spoon.\n\nBut even more fabulous than the food, was the Sahra Spa... I had an incredible massage here.  I didn't get to spend as much time as I would've liked, but that just means I'll have to return again.  Spa day, anyone?\n\nOne other fun fact for those that are interested in shopping rather than gambling: The Cosmopolitan is located just a short walk over a bridge from not one, but two major shopping destinations.\n\nBottom line: while this wasn't a crazy Vegas trip (it's different when you go to Vegas with your husband than when you go for a bachelorette party with a bunch of single girls), it was a fun get-away, and I'd definitely stay at the Cosmopolitan again!  I have to go back to check out the pool when it warms up again anyways, so I'll report back then!