We usually dine at Meat and Potatoes a few times a year.  Mostly so my wife can satisfy her duck cravings.  I have to admit after reading some recent reviews about M&P I was a little nervous.  We have always had a good experience here and I didn't want that to end.  Well the jury is out and M&P is still one of our favorite restaurants.\n\n I made reservations awhile ago for 515pm.  I could have made them for later in the night but I thought we were going to go to the baseball game right after so I made it this early.   We ended up not going to the baseball game this night and we were feeling rushed to get there by 515.  So my wife called to see if they were able to bump our reservation to a little later time.  She talked to a hostess and they were polite and changed our reservation until 645pm.  That was great and it worked out so perfect for us too.\n\n     When I made the reservation I requested that we could sit outside.  The girl on the phone said they couldn't guarantee it but she would put a note that we would like to sit outside.  We love M&P but sitting indoors can get squished.  That is probably the only thing that we don't like about M&P.  You sit so close to other tables that you can hear their conversation and they can hear yours just as easily.  So that's why we requested to go outside.   I dropped off my wife in the front and then I parked.  She asked them too sit outside and we got to!  If it's a nice day sit outside at M&P!  You have a lot more room and you can't hear your neighbors conversation.\n\n     So far so good!  I ordered a water and wifey got a Black Manhattan.   She ordered her Duck and I ordered the Pork.  The food came out at a good time and it looked great.  She liked her duck although she said it was better in prior times but she still liked it a lot.  I really liked my smoked pork shop.  It was huge and it came with pastrami pork belly, baked beans, and spicy collard greens.  The temperature on the pork was perfect.  Even my wife tried it and loved it she said. \n\n     Did we luck out?  Has the service and food gone down this past year? I don't know.   Maybe it has but for my personal experience it hasn't.  We will be back like usual in 6 months so she can her duck and I will try something new.