Upon reaching Arizona for a family visit on my birthday last fall, I was presented with two cakes from this bakery, the festive Cannoli Cake and a Seven Layer Chocolate Cake.  I love surprises, especially sweet ones involving cake.  It made Kelley a very happy birthday girl ;)  Both of these were delicious.  The Cannoli Cake was not only beautiful but full of rummy goodness.  The whipped cream frosting was light and perfect as to make this not too rich.  I love homemade yellow cake with chocolate frosting, so the Seven Layer Chocolate Cake was also amazing.  Many layers of yummy goodness.  We also had a Cherry Cheese Coffee Ring Cake for breakfast the next morning that was very tasty and perfect with a cup of coffee.\n\nSo upon having these delicious cakes, I knew I had to visit where these treats came from.  I was told this was a cafe and bakery and they made sandwiches, pizzas, and had a small Italian market inside besides the amazing bakery.  There was a lot to take in upon walking in the door.  Refrigerator and freezer cases with homemade spumoni, pizzas, lasagnas, sauces, etc.  Oh, my.  I love Italian food, so this was breathtaking :)  Italian market goods on the far right wall were fun to check out.  But, the bakery items, those were the main reason I was there.  I was literally a kid in a candy shop.  I wanted one of everything.  To summarize, on this and subsequent visits, I have tried the Zeppole, Chocolate-covered Cream Puffs, Black and White cookies, other cookies, and the famous Daddy Dawgs.  I can't say there wasn't anything I tried that I didn't enjoy but if I had to narrow it down, I would say of these things, the Black and White Cookies and the Daddy Dawgs were my favorite.  I love Black and White Cookies, and these were some of the best I have had.  Fresh, soft and almost cake-like and half dipped on each side in white chocolate and chocolate.  What is not to like?  The Daddy Dawgs are a best seller at My Daddy's Bakery, and upon our first attempt to buy them they were sold out.  My advice to you is get to the bakery when it opens to get them or order them in advance.  We were advised to do this from this point forward if we wanted several.  They are like fancy, gourmet Ding Dongs.  Chocolate cake filled with buttercream and dipped in chocolate ganache.  Oh, gawd.  Let's just say, they were worth the wait. \n\nStaff was friendly, helpful and patient especially with our wide-eyed wonder and difficulty in trying to make purchasing decisions.  This is a true hidden gem in Surprise.  Seek it out, with all the deliciousness in this family-run bakery\/cafe, I don't think you will be disappointed.