All-American excess at its finest! For $50 you get 24 magical hours of access to all seven Caesars property buffets. I'd been wanting to try this for some time, but didn't trust myself and my uncontrollable appetite... but my brother came to town and bought me a pass, so how could I say no?!\n\nI strategized this as much as possible: since there is no way, no how that I can ever be out and about in time for breakfast, we decided to do lunch at noon, followed by 4:30 supper and 8:30 dinner, followed by 11am brunch the following day (the buffet pass is good for 24hours from the time of purchase). \n\nThe consensus on Yelp! is that Rio, Planet Hollywood and Paris had the best buffets, so we made those a priority. Started out with lunch at the Rio's Carnival World Buffet, which is huge and has the best variety out of all of them. After 3 plates, we went hiking in Red Rock to work up an appetite for our 4:30 dinner at Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet. This buffet was smaller than the Rio's, but pretty much the same quality of food... with the added bonus of a Middle Eastern station, which I LOVED! Based on this station alone, Planet Hollywood was my favorite buffet.\n\nAfter that, I had to go to work at Caesars Palace. On my break, I stopped into the Caesars buffet [NOTE: this was before they remodeled the buffet -- see footnote] and was sorely disappointed -- it was small, with the same wilted-looking stuff they serve to the employees down in the hotel dining room!! The desserts, which supposedly they are known for, weren't even all that. The only cool thing here is they have a huge fruit bin full of kiwis, pears, apples, bananas and whole miniature pineapples...so if you're into fruit, this buffet wouldn't be a total wast of time.\n\nMeanwhile, while I was at work my brother went and checked out the Flamingo and Harrahs, neither of which was very impressive, according to him (especially not the Flamingo). \n\nThe following morning we rolled out of bed and waddled back down to the Paris, to try one last buffet before our wristbands expired at noon. The Le Village Buffet was actually pretty good, with a good variety of foodie-food like Brie-and-bacon mac & cheese and made-to-order crepes. Plus the ambience is awesomely kitsch: like you're inside a Thomas Kinkade painting, with food spilling out of all these little fake chateaux.  \n\nFinal Verdict: worth it, if only for the obscene fun of it all. You probably won't be able to eat $50 worth of food, but it's fun to try!\n\nFOOTNOTE: the new Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars is WAY better than the old one...but if you want it included with the 24-hour wristband, you have to pay a $15 surcharge. Lame!