FACT: Thee best Italian meal I've had in the Burgh, hands down!\nFACT: I ate so much I thought they would have to wheel me out on a stretcher.\nFACT: It's a serious hidden gem in a slightly sketchy neighborhood.\n\nNeed some more info, because I'm comin' atcha with the goods! To start they set the table with \"Holy Oil,\" which is banana pepper olive oil for dipping Italian bread in, a seasoned cecci bean and cheese gustoso and a goat cheese and olive spread. I wish they sold that banana pepper olive oil because I wanted to have it every day of my life! \n\nWe ordered the famous Meatball appetizer. This meatball is for serious! It's massive and stuffed with mozzarella cheese. Yep, I'm for realz. It was just oozing Italian sexiness, in a ball. As soon as I tasted the red sauce, it tasted like my Grandma's, which sparked fond memories and made me want to actually live in this place. \n\nWe also ordered the Trifolata, which is assorted mushrooms and currants in marsala cream. It was also incredible. The bad\/good of it was that it wasn't really needed because they give you so much food, but it was delicious, so whatever!\n\nFor the Third course they serve you your choice of pasta either with their famous home made vodka sauce or fettucini. But here's the thing, the fettucini is made in front of you... in a cheese wheel. Yep, I'm for realz again! I know I'm crazy for not ordering it, but I really love me some vodka sauce and was incredibly happy with this amazing homemade sauce. My hubby got the fetticini and loved it. See, we're all happy here!\n\nFourth course is a salad with red vinagariette, roasted red peppers, candied walnuts, golden raisens and gargonzola cheese. It wasn't memorable amongst all the bangin' dishes but not too shabby at all.\n\nFor the Fifth course (and when I finally tapped out) I ordered the Cioppino with shrimp, mussels, clams, scallops and fish in a saffron and tomato broth with sambuca. It matched all the other dishes. Just incredible. Loved the broth, loved the succulent scallop (just one, but I can't complain, I was stuffed by that point!), the shrimp was jumbo and the fish was perfectly cooked. And the garlic bread was excellent.\n\nWhenever anyone says things are expensive, I usually think they're talking $30 a plate. But, this place is legit expensive. Think $50 (ish) a plate. But what I can tell you is it was 100% worth it! We had leftovers for two days! Talk about an Italian hospitality. Which, by the way, the service was exceptional, but I would have expected that here. \n\nA perfect special night out, if you don't mind unbuckling a couple notches in front of your dining companion, of course!