If I had to sum up this place in one word, it would be... beautiful. It's almost breathtaking. It's enchanting. Magical. Way better than sex and shopping and a dozen cupcakes combined. Really. \n\nThe first time I went, it was with an ex boyfriend, and here comes the first tip... men and women have separate spa areas. We didn't really find out too much about the spa before we went, and I'm not going to lie... it was a little disappointing. They have one room that's co ed, and you could meet up with your significant other\/friend\/family member of the opposite sex there, but you definitely WILL be thinking about the rest of the beautiful spa just down the hall every minute you're away.\n\nThen, I started thinking about it... \"Man. Every time I pass by the men's restroom and I could peer in or the smell wafts out, I just think to myself HOW GLAD I AM that I don't have to use that.\" So in hindsight, the separation was a good idea. I really learned to appreciate it when I went again with my Mom the next time, and again with my girlfriends. No awkward stares and no creeps. A small price to pay for a slight chance of potential eye candy. Ooh! Also, bathing suits are optional, and many women go nude, so if you're not comfortable with that, well... you're SOL.\n\nI always get a massage, and I'm not going to lie... it's OKAY. Not the best I've ever had, but it was good. For $140 per 50 minute treatment, the price may be a little steep, but you get to use the facilities for an unlimited amount of time for free. WELL worth it. There's a dry sauna, steam room, arctic ice room (with little \"foam bubbles\" that float down from the ceiling), a lounge area with free juice, coffee, tea, fruits, and chocolate, and several spa pools at different temperatures. If you want to just use the facilities, it's $45 for a day pass.\n\nFrom the lighting to the decor, everything is beautiful. I highly recommend Qua for a day of pampering and relaxation like no other. Be warned. Sex and shopping and cupcakes will become seconds in your life. :)