I just had one of the worst grocery shopping experiences of my life here. I've shopped here 1-3 times a week for the past 8 years & I'm not going back if I can avoid it. This is the closest & most convenient grocery store to my house. I went here the most in the past because of convenience, but never because they had the best selection.\n\nI was grabbing some quick dinner items on my way home & at checkout I was embarrassed that I forgot my wallet. Nobody was in line behind me, so I asked if I could I run out to my car to grab it. I didn't have my wallet, but luckily had my checkbook. My bill was only $44. I wrote a check, but she wouldn't let me use my check without ID. I've literally checked out with this same woman at least 50 times & she makes a comment on my last name every time as \"Doolittle\" isn't very common. I asked for a manager \"override\" & the manager (Dan N.) came over and said no. Ok, so a place I've been a regular at for 8 years won't let me use a check for a $44 bill. I took a breath because I was pretty embarrassed at this point, and asked her if there was anything else we could do.\n\nShe told me would put my groceries to the side while I ran home to grab my ID. So, reluctantly I did exactly that. I live 5 minutes away so I was back within 15 min. I came back with my wallet (ID, cash & cards), and asked them what they wanted me to do...pay up front or at same register. They all looked dumb founded because my groceries were gone. They started pointing fingers about somebody putting them away. I had to laugh at this point, but I started walking out. I was not treated as a loyal customer, the manager did not make an effort to help, and there was no apology at the end. As I was walking out I saw the same manager (Dan N.) and let him know my groceries weren't up there, I shop there multiple times a week, but I'm never going back again. He had not reaction, no apology, and did not try to do anything. It was like he was half asleep and had no reaction at all.\n\nI drove up the street to Albertsons right after and purchased the same groceries. With all the big data grocery stores have on us I wonder what it takes to acquire another frequent & loyal customer like myself. Additionally, they use all this personal shopping data they collect on us to market, but they don't treat a loyal customer with any kind of special service or consideration? Very disappointing experience.