I had some left over fried gizzards from my best friend awhile back and I thought they were delicious. When I found out they were from Sunny's, a place I book marked awhile back, I knew I'd found a must try hole in the wall.\n\nI've been craving soul food for weeks and decided to try Sunny's out. To my disappointment I wouldn't call Sunny's soul food. I guess I don't know what soul food is, but I imagined some smothered in gravy fried chicken with some heart sides like macaroni and cheese.\n\nThis place is a total hole in the wall when you walk in. Located on Lamb and Washington it is exactly what you'd expect to find inside and out. That's my nice way of saying it wasn't so nice looking. I'm from the east side so this is in my neck of the wood and doesn't scare me, but I can see how some may be put off or scared. First impressions aside I thought they served some delicious eats.\n\nIt's all about the deep fried here at Sunny's: beer battered fish, southern fried fish, chicken wings, chicken fingers, and fried chicken. Although they offer many sides like Cole slaw, mashed potatoes, and french fries it is pretty obvious the suggested side is a waffle for most of the dishes with some syrup and hot sauce. \n\nMy to-go order included: a huge order of fried gizzards, cole-slaw, 20 wings (garlic parm and hot), a Philly cheesesteak, 2 piece chicken with waffle, 2 piece tenders with waffle. Basically everything but the fish. I spent about $30 and it was a lot of food. A lot a lot of food! The order came out quickly and the cashiers showed us every box to make sure our order was right.\n\nConclusion is their fried stuff is really good and I wish I ate their to experience the food fresh. I never had chicken and waffles but I now understand America's obsession with it. I was surprised at their wings. They were really good and a good size. For about $12 for 20 I thought they'd be tiny wings. Also everything is super affordable. Getting 2 tenders or two pieces of chicken with a waffle is about $4 and looks to be a filling meal. The batter they use to fry their food is really well seasoned. I wouldn't recommend the Philly cheese steak though. It was greasy in the worst way possible. The meat, onions, peppers, and cheese were all just a mush in the bread.\n\nI can't say much about customer service although the cashier\/sunny was nice. I did like that he opened the boxes with me to make sure my order was right. I can definitely see myself coming back here for to go orders when I'm craving some fried chicken.