There was a fire in our room! Yes, a FIRE! \nMy fiancé and I were in Vegas for one night celebrating our anniversary, 2\/3\/18. We decided to give this place a shot since it seemed affordable and it was literally minutes from the strip. We knew we'd soent most of the night away from our room so the fact that this place isn't as fancy as other hotels we've stayed at in the past didn't bother us one bit. The bums loitering around was. It pleasant but again, we let it go. After all, just one night!\nThe minute we walked into the lobby, we both got a huge whiff of cigarettes. We brushed it off telling echother we are not going to be here forever anyhow. Eventually we got our room key and headed up to our room to shower and get ready to hit the strip, have dinner and see a show.  We left our room at around 7:30pm, saw a show and had dinner. We then came back to our room to change(my feet were hurting from wearing heels). We did a quick change, I want to say it was about 11pm-12(maybe?) and we headed back fo the strip for some gambling.\nWe then returned to our hotel, waited and waited for drinks. Were told there's no bartender but eventually got some drinks. By 3am we were a little hungry again so we decided to grab something from Denny's. \nWe were then told Denny's was closed for cleaning but they'd take an order to go. We ordered, received our food and went up to our room, calling it a night.....\nMy fiancé opens the door and smoke just comes pouring out of the room! I'm thinking something's on fire, we both panick, took a peep and see that something caught fire in the restroom. Apparently, it was the bathroom vent fan! It must've been a short circuit or something like that. The face plate melted off and some\nTowels caught on fire.\nMy fiancé immediately went to grab security. I'm still freaking out.\nHad we been in the room asleep when this happened, we could've possibly died from smoke inhalation. Did I mention no smoke alarms were going off? Thank goodness it didn't spread to other rooms!\nWe were immediately told to grab our belongings. We see that everything is covered in smoke and residue. My makeup and hair kit(I'm a pro artist) is full of this residue and all of our clothing is now black and smells of fire. Security escorted us to another room downstairs, and helped us carry our belongings. Again, I'm still in shock about it all. I'm\nThinking, what if we had been inside!\n\nOur new room has only 1 working light. By this time, it's close to or around 5am. We have a hard time going to bed naturally. I cry.\nOur check out time was 11am but I find myself cleaning my belongings for longer than expected. We then get a knock at the door, not sure who this lady was but she asked us, \" are y'all checking out soon?\"\nI told her in about half hour, there was a fire last night and we are cleaning our things.\nShe didn't once apologize or show any sympathy. Instead she said, okay, let us know if you need more time.\nWe finish cleaning and putting our things in our trunk and head to the lobby to speak to someone, anyone at this point since no one has come and explain anything!\nThe manager proceeds to tell us that as far as compensation goes, he can't do anything about it because it's a security issue. I asked if there's anyone else I can speak to and apparently there was not. We were told we'd receive a call, he then gave us his business card and asked us to reach me him anytime should we feel the need.\nI'm still in shock. We were being treated as if this was our fault. However, we were not in the room when this fire erupted. Our things are damaged, we inhaled smoke. We did not sleep. We didn't revive an apology, a comp or anything. \nI can't stop thinking about this, what a terrible experience, we are both so distraught.