While I've been forced to use a \"master bath\" with hideous seashell wallpaper for 3 years that can't be removed without popping that can of worms, my husband has been obsessed with getting our roof re coated.  Undoubtedly because we're taking a huge risk of water damage with the torrential rains we get on a regular basis.\n\nI finally gave in and agreed to get it over with.  And by \"get it over with\", I mean listen to my husband talk about it for another 6 months before he got around to doing something.  We obtained 3 estimates, and I was shocked that the highest was nearly twice the lowest.  Now everybody knows to never pick the lowest, but in this case, it was also the company that came with a recommendation from our neighbor who is anything but cheap.\n\nFirst off, Rick came by to do the estimate as scheduled.  Middle guy called to tell us he didn't show up when he was supposed to.  I'm pretty sure I already knew that.  Rick gave us a written estimate and advised our foam was in good enough shape, he would offer a 3-year warranty rather than his standard 2-year.  I don't get the whole foam roof concept.  How can \"foam\" possibly work to protect my house.  When you put styrofoam in a microwave, it melts, and Phoenix gets hotter than a microwave.\n\nTwo men came to do the work, and they were done in a few hours.  Rick did stop by near the end of the job to write up the invoice and inspect the job, or I assume he did.  He reminded us to call him once or twice a year for an inspection, and any needed repairs (bird holes?) would be done free of charge.  One of the workers came to the door to collect payment.  Though his English was not great, we didn't have a problem beyond he didn't know if they accept credit cards.  I assumed if he didn't know, he also wouldn't know how to write it up, so I did have to pay by check.\n\nI'm a fan of the price for now, but won't know the full results for 3 years I guess.  Maybe by then I'll have a nicer bath.  In the meantime, you'll find me on the roof admiring the workmanship there.