Like a dubbed old school low budget kung fu movie, Big Wong keeps it simple with good menu selections and low prices.\n\nWas gonna go to SnowFlake Shavery but didn't have dinner yet so we decided to check out this Wong place. After looking over the menu, I was astounded by how simple it was laid out and explained. Most dishes were around the 5 to 6 dollar range. I was excited that it was pretty cheap and at the same time cautious because of the quality you might get because of it. \n\nFirst visit I ordered the Shrimp Wonton with Udon noodles and the wifey ordered the Rice Vermiccelli Noodle Soup which she shared with my youngest son. We were all amazed at how hot and fresh both dishes were especially with how fast we received it too. The Shrimp Wonton mixed with Udon Noodles were some of the best Wonton I have had in a while. As for the the other dish my wife and son shared, it was basically a pho bowl, which was pretty good as well.\n\nI was impressed so we came back the next day for lunch to try some of the other items. Our second visit verified that this place was gonna be one of our go to places for good, cheap fast food. What we got this time was the Beef Ramen, Salt n Pepper Porkchop, and Thinly Sliced Ribeye over Rice.  \n\nThe Beef Ramen has your basic Ramen Noodles accompanied by tender chunks of Beef Brisket which gave the overall taste of the soup tremendous flavor. The Salt n Pepper Porkchop was exactly that. A deep fried Porkchop lightly coated in salt and pepper, then sliced and garnished with thinly sliced sauteed jalapenos. When you bite into it, all the flavors put together are like a really good orchestra playing in your mouth. I asked for some sweet chili sauce on the side to dip it in and some steamed white rice to accompany it. As for the Thinly Sliced Ribeye, it comes with an au jus type of of gravy to dip it in and then you eat it it with the steamed white rice. Really good flavors from this as well.\n\nThe overall total with tax and tip was around 20 dollars. Not bad for all the food I just mentioned! \n\nService was decent. They would come around refilling our drinks every so often so I never really had to ask for any refills. \n\nSo if you want good food at low prices with decent service, you can't go wrong at Big Wongs! (Pun intended)