We were trying to figure out where to go for lunch and had recently received an offer for a $7 \"express\" lunch at Macaroni Grill. I hadn't been there in a few years, but my boyfriend remembered it as being one of his past favorites. We decided to give it a try.\n\nWe went on a weekday around 1pm. It wasn't super busy. The dining room was about half full, and there were a few people in front of us waiting to be seated. I should have know this wasn't going to be a good experience when I noticed some people being directed to a line on one side of the dining room where I saw a sign for the \"express\" lunch. I really wasn't in the mood to stand in line and order my food. That was one of the reasons we picked there to eat. It was our turn, and the hostess asked if we were going to do full service dining or the express dining. Since we were hungry, we decided we might as well go with it. \n\nWe got to the register and ordered. There seemed to be some confusion regarding the Chicken Caesar Calzonetto when I orderd. The cashier said it wouldn't be ready in seven minutes. I questioned her since it was clearly stated that everything on the express menu was guaranteed in seven minutes or less. After a few minutes, she changed her mind and told me it was guaranteed. Huh? We paid and noticed she put our receipt in a drawer with others. I had to ask her for it. Thought it was a bit odd that we weren't asked if we wanted it and that there was no mention of the fact that the time we placed our order was on the receipt. This was deceptive in my book.\n\nSo, off we go to find a table. We were told we could sit anywhere. We found a table. Made a note of the time on our receipt and waited. Hmmmm.....No server. No silverware. No drinks. It's been five minutes and still nothing. Finally someone comes by and asks for our drink order. Our drinks are brought. At about eight miinutes after we ordered, one entree came out. We asked about the other one, and were told they bring them out seperately so they can meet the seven minute guarantee. The other one was brought at about ten minutes after. We realized at that point that we didn't have silverware. I vaguely remembered the cashier telling the people in front of us something about silverware. Off one of us goes to find it.\n\nWe also didn't realize we probably needed to order anything extra with our food. We each got a sandwich. Nothing comes with it. If you want chips, salad or a cookie, you have to order that. We were asked if we wanted bread when we ordered, which I thought was odd. I don't usually want bread with my meal when I've ordered a sandwich.\n\nEveryone seemed stretched thin and it was never clear if we had a server or if it was just a group effort to make sure the \"express\" lunch people were taken care of. The server that brought the second sandwich told us that she would talk to the manager about a refund since the seven minute guarantee wasn't met. I will give her credit. Although she was busy, she did take the time to get back to us and even apologized that they didn't meet the time guarantee.  \n\nHonestly, I didn't care that much about the seven minute thing until the cashier put the receipt in the drawer without even a mention. The whole experience was poor for what you would expect from a place like this. The food wasn't that good either. The chicken on the sandwith was good, but there was way to much wrap or bread. My boyfriend ordered the chicken parm sandwich. It was bland. Tasted like it was breaded without seasoning. The \"express\" line was next to the kitchen and salad prep area. Every time a server needed to check on something they had to navigate the people standing in line.\n\nThis new format is ridiculous. Both the service and food suffer.