Taking over the spot that was formerly the Mercury Lounge (before the adjacent apartment building went up in flames), Veritas is a warm and cozy restaurant.  They did a good job with the remodel-dark wood, an inviting bar that runs along the left hand side of the room (as you enter the restaurant) and soft lighting.  Coming in on a Wednesday night, we were seated by the window overlooking the street.  Definitely prime seats but we didn't feel too lucky as we could have sat at any one of the tables-we were the only ones there.. \nThe menu at Veritas is limited with 3-4 appetizers and the same number for entrees with a few desserts.  I went with the posole while my dinner date went with the Market Fish (which was salmon that night).  The soup had a bright, nicely acidic broth studded with nice chunks of roasted pork and hominy.  It was solid but I thought it was odd that it was served with some wedges of pita along side of it. Do I dunk? Do I tear it up and put it into the soup? Was it part of some sort of sociological study by the kitchen to see what diners would do with it?  We will probably never know the answer  as the carb freak in me simply made me scarf them down.\nMy friends entree was two well sized portions of salmon served over a bed of cilantro rice.  Served medium rare, the salmon was well prepared with a good sear on the outside.  Just like the soup, the rice has a nice acidity to balance the richness of the fish.\nI feel both dishes were well executed but as we left, I began to think about why we were the only ones that were dining there.  Walking along the square, the other restaurants were bustling and packed.  Yes, I know Veritas is new to the scene but Madison is pretty well connected and word spreads quickly. I think the issue is more around the price points that the restaurant offers it food at.  The posolo was $18 while my friends salmon was $23.  I feel this is probably $5-$7 dollars too much for what the entrees were.  $18 for a well executed soup doesn't bring back repeat customers.  Even if it is accompanied with pita triangles that causes diner confusion.\nI would perhaps come back for a happy hour drink but there are way too many other options on the square to warrant me coming back for dinner.