When i was in Vegas, me and my friends wanted to eat good so we tried the Ruth's Chris here on Flamingo down the street from RIO.  To start off, my roommate Eugene wore a wife beater shirt and they would NOT let us in!! I was like \"wth??\"....Even i was wearing a beater as well but because i'm a girl, it's acceptable and for him it's not?? Whatever...anyhow, Eugene ended up wearing one of my girly fuschia cardigans in!! LOL!! it was SOOOOOOOO funny!! they let us in and us 4 ate there.  The girly cardigan was stretched beyond belief but it was fine with me because i was going to throw it away anyhow.  The host sat us down with a dirty look.  What a snotty girl.  Don't they want to make more money??  Anyways, i ordered their filet mignon and it was not even done right, i asked for it rare medium and they thought i was retarded until i explained it to them.  At first the waiter kind of snappy with me and said \"we only do it medium rare, that's what you're talking about, correct?\"....i said to him \"i want it more rare than medium and that's why i said rare medium and not medium rare\".  I think he got offended or something.  I'm no chef by any means but i told them that i would like it about 125-130 degrees farenheit if that makes it easier for the chef.  I said it in the most genuinely and sincere way but i still don't think he appreciated me telling him. LOL, whatevers...i was having a good time watching my friend act gay with my hot pink cardigan on. hahahaha, The steak turned out whatevers.  Service was rude, food was overpriced and not even made close to my liking.  The one in Orange County is SOOO much better, they actually care about their customers and the chefs take pride in their cooking skills.  We left them a good $25 tip for our $100 bill, but i also left a lil note letting them know that they should lighten up a bit ;)  Oh, and if you're the owner\/manager at this specific Ruth's Chris and you're reading my review, tell your host that works there on sunday nights that i think she needs to take a break and relax already!!! ::))