I'm angry and this seemed like the most appropriate outlet to vent. \n\nFOR THE RECORD: This review is about my first piercing at Halo, the piercer Ana (whom everyone seems to love and I'm not sure why), and my initial customer service. \nHALO IS A 5 STAR PLACE WITH OTHER 5 STAR PEOPLE AND KELSEY HAS NEVER BEEN ANYTHING OTHER THAN HELPFUL, KIND AND GRACIOUS. \n\nTHE STORY: So I decide I want to get my first body piercing, so I ask around. I was 19 and super involved in the goth scene and there were plenty of resources. My friend suggested HALO, other people suggested HALO and they all raved about the awesome jewelry and the awesome service. I was getting my nose pierced and I had to muster up the courage. Not only to go through with it, but to face my mother after. (See my mom made me sign a \"contract\" when I was 11 that after I got my ears pierced I wouldn't get any tattoos or put holes in my body.) Anyway, I don't plan on tattoos (though I've thought about it), but every time I come back with a hole in my face I have a bag of tears from her. \n\nSo on a hot day in July I gather my boyfriend, my best friend (the one with the nostril piercing) and my courage and head to HALO. \nApparently ANA was the only piercer on tap and I thought all piercers were created equal. \n\nAna was suuuper rude to my boyfriend (if any of you Yelpers have met him you know that he in no way acts in a way to warrant rudeness.) \nShe acted very condescending about the whole piercing process and if I had known what I know now I would have come back when someone else was there. But it's the first time \"now or never syndrome.\" \n\nWell I pick out jewelry and she takes me back. We start talking about placement and at this point I have already paid. I tell her I would like the placement in the crease of my nose. I have thought about this part a lot. She asks me to flare my nose which I do and then tells me she cannot put the piercing in the crease because when and if I flare my nose it will not heal well. I continue to tell her that I'm sure it won't be a problem where I want it, but she refuses to pierce it unless I get it pierced where she thinks. \nSo I go through with it. I took proper care of it, but my whole nostril swelled up and was so hard to the touch I could barely get a Q-tip inside to clean it. I went back in to HALO and spoke to Jeremiah and he offered some advice which combined with time helped. But it was so excruciating I thought about taking it out, or \"Now the universe is punishing me for upsetting my mother.\" \n\nI found out from other pros I had look at it the flare up was most likely from the placement and, I have had other people say to me in passing, \"Why isn't your nostril piercing in the crease?\" \n\nEvery time this happens I think back to that day where I get mad at myself for not knowing better and at Ana for giving me the excuse that \"it won't heal right\" when it didn't heal right in the first place. \n\nI even complained at the counter to the guy, but they don't give refunds. I think that they should have re-pierced the hole for free since I wasn't happy. And as you can see I'm still not happy. \n\nI have returned to HALO to purchase jewelry and had another piercer pierce my septum which I have been soooo happpy with. I was discussing getting a lip piercing with another piercer at the counter when Ana walked out from the back and decided that her two cents would be that I couldn't get the piercing I wanted because my lip didn't protrude enough.... No one else has told me this and there is no problem with my lip. \n\nI have no idea what is up with all this Ana love, but she is not touching my face ever again in my patronage to HALO.