I hate to be so blunt, but I don't think I've ever in my life experienced such an awful mani\/pedi. \n\nSo I came in here one day when I was in Vegas on business and was in need of a good mani pedi... I got here early in the afternoon and it was completely dead (which probably isn't a good sign to begin with-- but what the heck-- it was  a Wednesday-- how many people are out getting their nails done at noon? Hmm.. should have taken the hint there eh? \n\nAnyhow, I got in, took off the shoes and put my feet into the bowl where a woman who clearly didn't know what she was doing-- proceeded to start on my pedicure. About 5 minutes into the pedi a gentleman asked me what color polish and what treatment(s) I was interested in getting. Of course I went for the gel mani and pedi-- as much as I lovvvvvveeee getting a mani and pedi, I try to make mine last as long as humanly possible and with that-- gel is ALWAYS the way to go-- usually lasts a minimum of 3-4 weeks on my grubby paws; and toes too!\n\nSo... where was I? This chick continues for about 5 minutes when a guy comes over and starts trying to show her how to correctly trim my toe's cuticles-- no bueno-- I look up on the wall and she clearly has no posted license--- no bueno x2. Who cares-- whatever-- I think the guy saw me looking at the licenses or something because he told her to go do something else and he continued my pedicure (unfortunately after she had already done an awful job with the callus pumice rock-- darn it-- that's my fav part!)  Anyway, the guy continues for about 15-20 minutes and the woman comes back over at his beckoning and begins my manicure. She got about 10 minutes into it, cut all my cuticles and everything and the guy (now finished with the light sequence on my gel pedi) called me over to a table where he finished my gel mani. \n\nAll finished... completely boring experience... not even an offer of a 10 minute back rub for $10... booo.\n\nSo I meander up to the cash register where the guy asks me plastic or paper--- I opt for the paper and ask for the damage-- guess how much....no really-- think of a number in your head...\n\n\n\n\n$75.00!!!!\n\n\n\nAre you Kidding me?!  I pay less for a gel mani and pedi in Beverly than here in Henderson Nevada?! I was completely bewildered-- Definitely did NOT have that ridiculous price posted. With tip and everything it cost around $100!!\n\nThree days later-- I have bleeding hangnails on every nail-- the gel nail polish was so flippin' awful it was like having a 5 year old's Hello Kitty peel off nail polish! If my fingers touched anything it peeled-- lasted 1\/2 day on all fingers, and by the time 3 days had past... well... look at the photos-- no polish, bleeding cuticles, and a disgruntled customer.  my toes-- which had been in tennis shoes the entire time in NV-- once I got home, the 1st day home-- in sandals-- my big toe just randomly starts peeling off. Awful, awful, awful, awful manicure and pedicure. I can't believe my fingers are bleeding like a brooding, angst ridden 14 year old girl's. Anyway-- save your cash and go somewhere where you won't pay through the nose for the worst mani\/pedi known to man.