Pomo opened a place semi close to my house?  West side!  Hell yeah!\n\nI had been to the downtown location once before and thought it was pretty damn delicious (top 5 pizzas in Phoenix...for sure..without a doubt).  I had been meaning to go back,  but life (work, kid, too far, diet etc) gets in the way.  Today I had some free time and decided to check out the new Pomo in Glendale.  \n\nI found some parking and walked over.  The building is nice!  They have a nice sized outside patio\/bar and then some tables inside.  I chose to sit inside and ordered a water to drink.  I studied the menu for a bit...about that....  I had looked online and had noticed that they have 2 different menus (Phoenix and Scottsdale).  The Phoenix menu had a pizza that had pancetta, onions and black pepper on it called the Amatriciana.  The Scottsdale menu did not have that pizza.  I was craving that particular pizza since I woke up this morning.  Turns out, the Glendale one did not have that particular pizza (amatriciana) either :-(.  I had to go with something else.  I decided on the Diavola.  It is mozzarella, spicy salame and basil.  I placed my order for that, chilled for about 5 minutes and then my pizza was ready.  Here is how it was..............\n\n\nDiavola- ($13.95)  It looked fantastic!  It had just enough pieces of salame on it, a couple of leaves of basil and then a decent amount of cheese.  A few things about this pizza.  A.)  The \"spicy\" salame was not too spicy.  It tasted great though!  B.)  I'm usually not the biggest fan of basil on my pizza, but this basil was so tender and delicious and not overpowering.  I loved it!  It worked well with all the other flavors.  C.)  Pomo uses the creamiest mozzarella I have ever had.  In my previous review of the downtown location, I mentioned the same thing.  I don't know where they get this magical cheese from, but it sure is delicious!  It's rich, creamy, salty....just flat out excellent!  My favorite cheese of any pizza in Phoenix!  All of these items were layered perfectly on top of their simple yet delicious tomato sauce.  It is all held together by their excellent crust!  It was perfectly charred but not burnt.  It had a great chew to it.  It was pretty much a perfect pizza.  Can't get much better.\n\nService was alright.  Not great, not bad, just ok.  I will definitely be back to try out some of their other pizzas!  My stomach was very impressed ;-)