I am genuinely surprised that this place has gotten good reviews. The only good things about this restaurant is the roasted cauliflower. Oh, and the decor is really nice.\n\nOtherwise it is absolute crap. The service is horrendously slow and our waitress was stunned. It took our waitress so long to take our orders and get our drinks, and almost an hour to get the food. \n\n4 different people asked if we needed our bills split? We said NO multiple times and I guess it just did not compute because they felt the need to continue asking. Literally just listen for 1 minute to what we are saying and you will have an answer to your question. It really bugged me that when I answered \"no we don't need separate bills\" that I was asked a second time, as well as them asking my Dad? Do you not believe me or something? \n\nOur orders got mixed up multiple times. Different servers kept placing other peoples food in front of us. We got the wrong plates at our table. We got no cutlery for half our table and had to track down our server for cutlery. We had to cancel our extra calamari order because our server thought we wanted it at the same time as our pizzas, even though no one said that EVER. We wanted our 4 appys before the pizza, but we only got 3 and then the final one was meant to come with the mains? Like what? Why would you just separate 1 of our appetizers from the appetizer order for no reason? She told us that it was ordered as a main, but when I questioned the table it was just that someone ordered \"Calamari and a Diavola pizza\" and she understood that as us wanting both the dishes at the same time. So it was a misunderstanding, but by that point we had all just shared all the appys and it was unnecessary to have another one come with our main courses. So we basically just had to cancel it because now no one wanted it.\n\nSo many miscommunications between our server and our table. It was nuts. Everything can be fixed by listening to your customers. Take a second to process what people are saying, and if you don't understand ask for clarification. Don't just take it upon yourself to make decisions for our table because you know better. \n\nThey messed up one of our pizzas but it didn't matter to us, so they bring us out a new pizza anyway? Now our table has 9 pizzas for 8 people, it's like WTF is wrong with you people? If you are going to give us something for free at least ask what we want. They brought us out a second Diavola pizza, and none of us would have wanted it because it tastes horrible. And if there was something wrong with our pizza why even give it to us? And then give us another one 10 minutes later? So now we're stuck with two? Seriously, they can't even give something complimentary properly. Maybe they were trying to be nice and fix a mistake, but by this point we were all kind of fed up with the place that we wanted to get the f%*k out of there. \n\nWe did not even bother ordering desert because we actually wanted to leave at some point and who knows how late we would be stuck there if we had desert. \n\nThis place is so lucky that they are located in a busy mall and Calgarian people are rich and don't mind spending their money on pretentious restaurants even though the quality of the restaurant is just not up to standard. This place is a prime example of how just because a place looks great doesn't mean it is great.\n\nYou people need to shape up. 2\/5 stars because your cauliflower saved you. Your CAULIFLOWER is better than your servers.