Melt, once upon a time a bustlin', independently-owned, single-location local success story, now has locations popping up in strip malls and big box store areas all around the region.   One can appreciate the attempt to preserve a \"local\" flavor in this Fairlawn location...a colorful mural greets you upon entering that features nods and winks to Akron's unique history and demographics.  A Goodyear blimp, a soap box derby car, Devo, The Pretenders, Swensen's Drive-In (where is LeBron by the way)... a nice tribute to the Rubber City and its perseverance through hard times.  One can't help wonder why Melt, however, given its affinity for projecting a \"local\" image, couldn't have refurbished an old historic building or come up with a more unique and meaningful setting in which to honor the local spirit.  Highland Square, perhaps?  \n\nSadly, one suspects that \"Melt\" would rather be the next Olive Garden or Cheesecake Factory, a household chain restaurant with a neon-sign in every nondescript \"Anywhere, USA\" shopping plaza across the nation.   Melt's newest location appeals to the Middle-America hysteria for 1,000-calorie sandwiches and Tchochkie's-from-Office-Space service, a template fit for the Saturday mall migrants working their way through the circuit of Wal Mart, Bed, Bath and Beyond, and Home Depot.   Wanna give it a try?  Get ready for a familiar routine: circle the crowded parking lot until you get a space. Push through the crowd, get your name on the list, and have a seat on the bench next to the family of 6 from Florida playing games on their cellphones.  Make yourself comfortable, you could be waiting for a while.    Shoot for an outside table, if it's warm enough: the noise inside is conversation-killing. \n\nGranted, the concept here is a fun one, despite the bland location: think of an ingredient, any ingredient, and stick it on a grilled cheese sandwich.  If you think it's too big or too strange to put between bread, you're wrong. Lasagna?  Fried chicken?  Pierogies? Waffles? The limits are tested here, and in most cases, the combinations seem to work.  Whether you can get your mouth around it, well, that's another question entirely:  the fresh cut bread is already very thick to begin with, and when the ingredients are added, your finished product will challenge your bite range.    \n\nAn impressive beer selection accompanies the menu, which pays homage to the awesomeness of the Great Lakes and Rust Belt as a true beer-lover's region.   Delicious craft beer...one of the great virtues of living in Northeast Ohio, one which should be mentioned alongside the Cavaliers, the national park, and the low housing costs when promoting the region to outsiders. \n\n\"Melt\" claims to be a \"from scratch\" joint, which is always refreshing to hear these days, in the age of pre-packaged and pre-made everything.  I wonder, however, how long the commitment to \"fresh,\"\"made from scratch\" and \"local\" will last as Melt continues to grow.  Being a \"local\" restaurant, after all, isn't just a matter of geography; it's a business philosophy that acknowledges that becoming the next national food empire entails great sacrifices to product quality and integrity (this is why Starbucks would never be considered a \"local\" business to a Seattlite).   One hopes that the Melt Empire will check itself before it's too late.