Having been to numerous other gun stores throughout the valley, I have a good barometer of how things go. Historically, gun store employees are too cool for school, and treat customers like a necessary annoyance, rather than the purpose of their existence. A friend of mine told me about Merchant Firearms, and raved about the selection, price, and service- so I checked it out.\n\nI was looking for a Mother's Day present for my Mom (yah, she's cool like that) and was looking for a particular little gun. I went to Merchant Firearms, and sure enough-they had the gun. Not only did they have the gun, but the price was awesome. That was enough for me to be happy, but the I was pleasantly shocked to see that the employees were genuinely nice, and didn't treat customers like they were shitheads (if you've been to the other places, you KNOW what I mean..)\n\nA cool guy named Simon helped me with the gun, and answered a ton of questions. When I selected the gun, Simon then had me input my info into a PC, so I could do all the paperwork electronically- which I thought was super cool, and fast. While Simon was working on his part of that, another great employee (sorry I didn't catch his name) was showing me some of the super cool long guns, and other James Bond stuff they carry. Even though I was buying an inexpensive little pea shooter, the guys treated me like I was family- and were just super nice and engaging. \n\nI ended up picking up a couple other things I was shopping for, and I was shocked at the low, reasonable price. One of the accessories was $18 at Merchant Firearms, but literally $50-60 everywhere else. When I expressed my surprise and appreciation to Simon, he explained, \"We want the prices to be fair- no one wants to walk away feeling like they got screwed.\" (unless you're at a bunny ranch- he is right).\n\nCheck out Merchant Firearms, and if you're like me- you will be a customer for life. This place has everything, accept a shitty attitude towards customers. I look forward to purchasing some more fun stuff over the years, and I will only shop at Merchant Firearms.