Walked into Barrio and immediately felt like a void in Tremont had been filled.  No longer does one have to wait for Tuesday to get great tacos!  First the art work is amazing.  We had a chance to talk to the artist and he described how the mural is telling a story.  You start on the left side of the room and work your way around as it tells of a guy who meets a girl, they get pregnant, get married, have kids and thus the cycle starts over.  It's super creative and fun.\nThey have a creative drink list with plenty of tequila drinks.  I didn't drink during my visit but my friends both had a couple and loved each one.  We got to try a wide variety of tacos and a bunch of the different toppings.  We also got complimentary chips and salsa.  The salsa was fresh tasting and the chips were addicting, but a little greasy.  You get a pen and a checklist and decide if you want hard corn taco, soft corn taco or soft flour taco.  Then choose your meat, salsa, toppings and sauces.  I tried a soft corn taco, hard corn taco, the chorizo, braised beep and pork.  I also tried a bunch of the salsas and sauces.  I put cilantro, onion, cabbage tomato on each taco. \n\nBy far my favorite was the hard corn taco shell with braised beef.  The beef was full of flavor and tender.  It was so good.  The pork was delicious as well.  All the toppings were yummy.  The sauces were creative (sorry I honestly cannot remember any of them except some had mango habernaro and cilantro something)\n\nFoodwise I can see myself coming back quite a bit seeing as they serve food til 2 am.  However,  the main irk I had was that it was lacking in spice.  The chorizo lacked it and even the spiciest salsa seemed mild.  We even asked our server for the spiciest salsa they had.  She came back with their house hot sauce saying the kitchen wouldn't give us the hottest because it was too hot.  Even their house hot sauce was pretty mild.  Trust me, if I'm ordering the hottest salsa and sauce you have, I can handle it.  Bring it on.  Also, we tried the queso and it was too cheesy (if that makes sense)  It was like eating a bowl of melted American cheese.  Not my favorite either.  \n\nFor just opening things were pretty smooth.  The servers were all extremely nice.  It was a little odd because we had two full-time servers.  Everytime one came over, the other would come right after and ask the same question.  We had servers take our drink orders twice, food orders twice, were checked on twice as much.  Kinda odd. But oh well.  \nI'm really excited this place has opened and look forward to coming back often!