Let me start by caveating that I rarely dine at this level of fine dining establishment. Having said that, I did my homework prior to making our reservation so I knew what to expect. Translation...I knew it was expensive and I was fine with this because it was time to step out of my comfort level....ok, it's vegas...what I really mean is it was just time to double down and go all in!\n\nWe chose the pre-fix dinner menu at $58 for two courses. Realize that 90% of the items on the menu have a surcharge ranging from $5 to $35. So realistically you are probably looking at paying a minimum of $75 even with this \"good deal.\"   Wine prices are pretty high so we opted for a $95 bottle of wine.....still high but it was delicious. I was surprised that the sommelier seemed surprised at our chardonnay choice mentioning that it was quite full bodied and oaky\/buttery. We responded that we liked that style. Surprisingly, it was more medium bodied but really was a good choice. I looked it up online and it ranges from $35 to $45 a bottle so I would say that their pricing of 2.5 times is probably fair by Vegas dining standards. \n\nEveryone in our group loved their dishes. Fortunately I got to try the onion tart which was insanely delicious. Who knew an onion tart with egg and asparagus could taste like that?  My appetizer of hangar steak was melt in your mouth and quite a good size for an appetizer. The $35 upcharge for the Malabar filet was worth every penny. The pepper was not overpowering and the filet was a good size. We didn't think the John Dory fish had an upcharge but after reviewing the receipt after leaving we noticed we were charged an extra $10 for that. \n\nThe lobster pasta was another delicious appetizer. The only dish that was slightly disappointing was my quail stuffed with foie gras. The leg bone in portion was juicy but the boneless portion stuffed with the foie gras seemed a bit dry and I couldn't taste the foie. Oh and that reminds me....the amuse bouche of foie gras tasted almost like dessert....another hit.  Finally, how do they make bread that tastes like you are eating it in Paris straight out of a boulangerie?\n\nService was good but they lost a star for the quail and one other slightly picky thing. The counter bar stools don't have much of a back so you have to lean forward or sit straight up. I would certainly not be able to eat in this type of chair had we done the 2-3 hour tasting menu. There aren't many tables so when making a reservation you would need to stipulate your desire for a table. \n\nAlso, the portion sizes don't all fit their category. For example, my hangar steak appetizer was actually larger than the quail main entree. I would like to try the tasting menu one day but would definitely not sit at the counter even though you can see the \"show\" of the chefs plating the dishes. Another recommendation is to either show your M Life card or put the bill on your room if you are staying at the Mandalay Bay. I think we could have received quite a few points for the amount of money we spent had I realized that sooner!