I somehow managed not to try this place for years despite all the allure and mystique. After an idle Sunday morning, I decided to rectify this issue.\n\nBaguette Cafe is a local breakfast\/lunch spot with light French fare. Not only have many of my Yelp friends raved about it, but it has made the national Yelp Top 100 list three years running. I knew that I had to see what the fuss was all about sooner or later, and today I finally went.\n\nThe cafe is simple and inviting enough, and it has plenty of seating both inside and outside. The employee at the register (not Olivier, I believe) was friendly and patiently answered all my questions about the still-available pastries (about half the case was empty at the relatively late hour that I went), sandwich breads (baguette and croissant), and quiche. I wanted to try everything, but I decide to limit myself just a bit.\n\nChocolate Twist ($2.80): my first taste of their flaky and moist croissant dough with vanilla cream and semisweet chocolate. It really does not lack for chocolate. I didn't want to stop munching on this treat, and I was almost considering ordering another one or two.\n\nChocolate Chip Peanut Butter Cookie ($2.45): yep, it's a peanut butter cookie with chocolate chips. It's crunchy enough on the outside and moist and chewy inside. I definitely could've used more chocolate chips and perhaps some peanut butter chips too, especially considering all the flavor I got in the Chocolate Twist. This is a great cookie, but maybe it's just not a match for my personal preference.\n\nLarge Caramel Latte Frappe ($4.89): at first, it definitely hit the spot for a kick of caffeine and sugar. I should've stuck to something simpler because I was getting sugar from pastries, and the sweetness wore thin as my day went on.\n\nVegetable Quiche ($6.00): my first, second, and third impression was that it was undercooked. The quiche was kinda runny and the crust was only a bit flaky golden brown. It seemed slightly underseasoned too, and the flavor wasn't that potent overall - unless I misremembered, goat cheese was mentioned but didn't tickle my palate at all. It was a hefty slice, but there wasn't that much to it otherwise. I don't know if this is the standard here or a fluke, but I have had better quiches at other local cafes. [P.S. The leftovers were much better after a short stint in the oven.]\n\nBlue Brie Sandwich ($7.95) with chicken: got a taste of their baguette through this. Great crunch (as this is a grilled sandwich) and nice chew throughout this bread. I wasn't getting the blue and Brie cheeses to begin with, but they came through when I started on my leftover portion. The white-meat chicken was satisfying in texture and seasoned well, although it's modestly portioned if you ask me. The side salad (with a few bruised leaves) and the dressing were unimpressive though.\n\nProsciutto Sandwich ($8.25): I got it on a croissant and had it wrapped to go (no side salad here, phew), but I took a few bites anyway before I left. This is actually mainly both prosciutto and salami. Those meats pack a punch, and the copious amount of greens and tomato are on the edge of neutralizing the saltiness (which side of the fence you fall on may depend on palate and other factors). The croissant was flaky and buttery as I expected, but it really shined with a quick toast when I dove into my leftovers at home. Maybe they'll entertain a request at the cafe to toast the croissant before adding the more delicate ingredients?\n\nThe best part of Baguette Cafe is, perhaps unsurprisingly, the bread. Everything else wasn't quite top-caliber. It's a solid neighborhood cafe, and I can see why people are fans, but I'd only consider it if I'm passing by on the highway (rare because I live in Henderson) or planning a trip to the newly opened IKEA store nearby (likely to happen sooner or latter). It's definitely not a destination as you might expect a \"Top 100\" spot to be.