Ping Pang Pong!!!\n\nNo we weren't here for a ping pong tournament nor were we in China neither!\n\nWe actually planned to eat here for a New Year's Eve dinner prior to playing the midnight bingo at Gold Coast Casino. I checked Yelp prior and the reviews appeared to be decent. \n\nWhen it comes to Chinese food and being Chinese-American, you can say I'm pretty picky. My older sister is even more so as she can cook some amazing Chinese dishes plus growing up with the two parents who both can whip out the best traditional Chinese dishes. My dad actually taught my mother to cook to begin with! I unfortunately never had any interest in learning to cook and I totally regret that now!\n\nI had ordered quite a few entrees. The Gobo beef, Walnut shrimp, Ma po tofu, chicken with veggies, Singapore noodles and grilled lamb appetizers plus bowls of white rice which cost extra. What's up with that? We also had oolong tea and water. \n\nThe only thing I was Totally, Totally amazed with was the quickness of us receiving our food!!! It was like minutes of ordering and open & close your eyes they appeared!!! Am I dreaming or what? No it actually happened and I saw it happened at several other tables surrounding us too.\n\nMy favorite entree was the gobo beef. I wished I ordered several of those as I could have had the entire plate to myself! I will definitely remember that for next time:)\n\nThis restaurant was closed between 3-5 pm so we had waited for a minimum of an hour for it to open. There was a huge line for both the to-go line and waiting to be served line for the restaurant prior to 5 pm.  They didn't have a special NYE up-charged menu which was nice unlike many others restaurants who did especially for NYE night. That's probably why they did so well that evening as they were extremely BUSY!!! Despite that fact the food still came out in record time.\n\nI have to admit the food was quite tasty. Maybe a slight difference in taste but not bad though that I would knock down in stars. Our server was so busy that she disappeared for awhile as we needed to pay and leave.\n\nYou know we will be back. Probably with an updated version so that I can update my review to five stars!