OMFG!\n\nThis was by far the most expensive and memorable meal of my life. My wife and I dined here about two months ago. We shared the drink pairing. Two meals and one drink pairing came to $666. Though dare I say it, it was TOTALLY worth it.\n\nI love cooking and trying new foods. If you do, too, this is totally the place for you. You will love it. If you're not a foodie and not into unique cooking techniques, you'll probably find it overpriced and won't fully appreciate it. That being said, it was the perfect place for me.\n\nThere were four couples in our sitting. None of us knew each other, but we all seemed to be the same basic type. Foodies who make pretty good money but aren't exactly rich who are willing to pay for a one-of-a-kind once-in-a-lifetime dining experience.\n\nWe all LOVED our food. In fact, at one point the chefs left to get something from the kitchen and one of the guys said, \"Good, they're gone. Now we can lick our plates.\" We all chuckled but all highly considered it. No one wanted to waste one single drop of deliciousness.\n\nI would say my favorite course was the chickpea soup with iberico pork. The \"chickpeas\" were filled with iberico pork and chickpea broth. It was amazing. I had never had iberico pork and instantly fell in love.\n\nI am not a fan of desserts and there were quite a few served. However, I have to admit that I liked every single one of them. My favorite involved olive oil, cocoa powder and mascarpone or something similar. We were instructed to drag our spoons through the olive oil and into the cocoa powder. Sounded weird but WOW!\n\nMy wife is a connoisseur of flan and said that hands down e's was the best she had ever had. I don't care for flan, but I had to agree this flan was delish! \n\nI could go on and on about every single course. But lots of people have already done that, and it would be very hard to truly do any of the courses justice.\n\nAside from the food itself, the other awesome aspect was being able to watch the creation and plating of many of the courses. Everything was done with such care and perfection. The chefs used droppers and tweezers to carefully add the most delicate items. I was in awe throughout the whole dinner and was envious of the chefs who get to work with such great ingredients every day.\n\nAbout midway through the dinner, the chefs told us to look behind us. When we did, we saw none other than Jose' Andres. He was in town for Uncork'd and stopped in for a moment to see how we were all doing. We all expressed our amazement at everything we had tried thus far.\n\nWhen we finished our meal, I saw Jose' sitting at one of the tables in Jaleo. I asked one of the waiters if it would be okay for me to go up to him and ask for his autograph. He said that Jose' was being interviewed by a food magazine but should be done shortly and I could wait at the bar and approach him once he was done. I did so, and once his interview was over I was able to catch him before he went back into the kitchen. He autographed my menu and my wife took a picture of us. The people from the food magazine were still around and their photographer snapped a few pics too. It was a perfect ending to a perfect night.\n\nI mentioned earlier that this was a once-in-a-lifetime experience. However, I can't imagine never going back. Maybe I should change that to a once every 5 years event. Or if I get a big raise, maybe once a year. Even my wife who usually gets upset when we go to higher-priced places as she thinks it's not worth it (and that's with a bill about 1\/6 of e'), said that the meal was totally worth it.