Holy guacamole is this place AMAZING! I wish I could give more stars because it's been a long while since I've been to a restaurant where everything has been on point.\n\nI came here with three others last night on a whim when we couldn't find any other place open past 10pm in the area. We were quickly seated and welcomed by one of the Fils who was super friendly. A quick look at the cute small menus revealed a tendency towards seafood but I appreciated the several non-seafood options.\n\nWe ordered a variety of things from the Boss (endive salad, trout tartare, a cold soup, pork shoulder, and beef ribs) and everything was amazing. My endive salad was out of this world and perfectly balanced with green apple, baby shrimp, and a perfect dressing. The cold potato based soup was phenomenal. The trout tartare was excellently presented but was a little too fishy for me (although I love tartare. When I say fishy, I mean that the trout was a little too strong). The pork shoulder was extremely tender but the mashed potatoes on the side KILLED ME. I was literally transported to another planet and lived on that planet the entire time I had a bite of those potatoes in my mouth (I don't think hubby was too excited with me eating the majority of his potatoes haha). If the owners are reading this, next time I come by I am going to order a large plate of these potatoes..... Sooo good!!!!\n\nNow that I am off my tangent, back to the plates. The beef ribs were good but a little too sweet for me.\n\nAfter this amazing meal we desperately felt the need to order dessert and so we got two Chocolate Marquis and a Banana Bread Seared alongside some cream and fleur de Sel (although let's be honest, I just wanted to have some of those mashed potatoes for dessert...). The chcolate was good but too sweet for me. However, that banana bread........ It was EVERYTHING. Perfect taste, texture, and presentation. I can't even rave enough about it.. Just try it and you'll see but it's definitely not your typical run of the mill banana bread.\n\nIn conclusion (because I am rambling), TRY THIS PLACE! They have been open for 5 months, are amazing owners (we met Boss too), and cook with huge passion. I promise that you won't be disappointed!\n\nNext time, I am ordering mashed potatoes and that banana bread. Mmmmm...