A Championship BBQ Master has just opened his first brick and mortar restaurant in downtown Phoenix. At the time of this review this restaurant is just newly opened and has TONS OF POTENTIAL for serving GREAT DELICIOUS BBQ because flavors were very good! \n\nTo cut a long story short my reason for two stars is that it's not OK under any circumstances to serve Brisket and Grits before they are ready. Nobody wants hard fat or crunchy watery grits.  It's also not ok to serve food not at the correct temperature (most hot food was almost cold). Not a deal breaker but my sandwich was missing the slaw with someone in charge making the sandwich and they didn't bother to tell me they were out of slaw (any problem is ok with communication). We tried to tell someone about the food and she ran away after we told here about the grits.\n\nIf you want to hear the longer story here it is.\nThis is a very small casual BBQ Restaurant. You order at the counter and come back to pick up your food. They have a few banquet tables, a table by the wall with stools and a few outside tables. \n\nWe ordered a N.Y. Style Pastrami Sandwich, a Two Meat Platter with Two Sides. The Pastrami was pretty good and it was tender even though it was almost cold. Not strong with seasoning or smoke but tasty and tender and topped with a sweet sauce with pickles. My sandwich was missing the slaw (not a big deal but it would have been nice if someone told me they were out of slaw) The sandwich came on very thick nicely toasted marble rye. I did think each bite was too much bread so it became harder to taste the meat but maybe the ratio would have been better if the sandwich had the slaw.\n\nI tried a bite of Brisket. The fat wasn't cooked and was hard so I peeled it off. The meat had a good flavor but was hard and chewy like rubber and also almost cold. I think it would have been really great if it was cooked more. My husband said the pork was good but not hot either. He also said the Hot Link was the only thing that was hot and did taste good but it was over cooked and dry inside and not juicy like hot links normally are.\n\nAs for the sides. The Waffle Fries were really great but also served almost cold. They were fluffy inside and seasoned tasty....BUT THE GRITS INEDIBLE the grits were Cold and HARD and CRUNCHY in a thin WATERY sauce. It was like trying to eat SAND mixed with Water.\n\nWe were pretty much on our own. A lady did walk by and asked us how things were. We got to tell her about the grits and she ran away. \n\nThis restaurant does have potential.....The Owner is a Award Winning Competition BBQ Master. Flavors were good. \n\nUnder cooked of all things Brisket (and hard crunchy Grits), Most food not served at correct temperature is not OK under any circumstances. That means even if a restaurant is brand new. Really this was one star to me but I'm giving two stars because they are new and have potential.