I've been here multiple times for the pool and various events (mostly concerts, their Ice Rink attraction, and once, the annual AFAN B&W party). For concerts and large galas, it's a terrible venue. The walking space is limited and very crowded and unfortunately, you're not allowed in the several pools during these events. Also, it's always really hot!\n\nThe only reason I keep coming back is because of the artists and the inexpensive ticket prices. Tickets are sold on their website through Ticketmaster\/Live Nation or at the hotel box office (next to the Front Desk) and offer mobile tickets\/check-in. This is has been very convenient. We've seen Foster The People (2011), Neon Trees (2014), Fall Out Boy (2014), and Of Monsters and Men (2015). Great shows, shitty crowds. Get ready for drunken idiocy, open drug usage, and a lot of secondhand smoke in a tight space. Although being outdoors, there is very little air movement that makes it so unpleasant if you hate inhaling any type of smoke. Anyway, the music sounds great and I love the streaming video on the hotel's large screen marquee (it usually shows advertisements). The bar is always crowded with people just hanging out, so it's a battle to get through. I believe the hot dog cart\/taco stand is always there during shows next to the main bar. I've yet to partake, but will report back when I do. Basically, there's nowhere to sit during the concerts. Which is not unusual. People do sit on the ground around the edge of the pool with their feet in the water, but you're basically watching the screen since you can't see the stage from there.\n\nDuring the winter months, The Ice Rink comes alive and is pretty great. A much better and more relaxed atmosphere. I try to come out at least once or twice during that time because I love the outdoor fire pits and winter cocktails. Full review on its Yelp page.\n\nThe pool itself is nice. Well, it's nice when it opens (8AM). It's a totally different scene from the advertised day club atmosphere. The water is calm, clean, and relatively empty. You can snag one of the highly coveted lounge chairs on the main pool. Lack of loud music. Get here before 8AM and beat the crowd (yes, there's actually a crowd this early). We arrived at 8:09 and almost all of the main pool chairs were taken. Granted, there are not that many since most of the main pool is surrounded by daybeds ($$$$). The pool has a large wading area and a decent-sized space that maxes out at 4ft 8in.\n\nSo, apparently people show up at 8AM to \"reserve\" these first come, first serve chairs and just leave. We know this from experience: There were towels on a couple chairs, but no one around, so we asked nearby patrons just to verify and everyone said they were vacant. We placed our belongings on the chairs\/table and headed to the water. An hour later, we witnessed someone moving our things, so I rushed out of the pool. The lady was really upset and I explained that I didn't want to cause any trouble and that I'd move, which we did immediately (although difficult to find new chairs at this hour). Within minutes, she came by to apologize for her behavior. The best part of this whole situation? This woman left AGAIN to dine at the Outlook Grill. So, just to recap; this group came, saved chairs, and left the pool, all before 8:09AM. Then, returned an hour later around 9:07AM to make a big fuss just to LEAVE THE POOL AGAIN. The chairs were still vacant when we left the pool at 9:45AM. WTF. This can't be okay. We would have come and gone before they even needed the chairs and everyone would've been fine. Instead, we had our lovely morning ruined by faux ownership of chairs!