Inside the Rivers Casino there are several restaurants, Andrew's Steakhouse being the 'High-End\" restaurant among them. We have been here oh, I'll just say numerous times, including fourth of July to eat and watch the fireworks. \n\nHow do you see the fireworks, well the backside of the restaurant is all floor to ceiling windows looking out over, across, up and down the river. Also there is a backside patio dining area under cover but with outstanding views including up the Mt. Washington hillside. In this warm months this is a very pleasant or even perhaps an outstanding al fresco dining scene.\n\nSo what do I like best here; the food and views.\nAnd the least, a bit noisy from the casino and intermittently slow service.\n\nOur usual starting place would be the Bluepoint oysters on the half shell, which are always nicely presented and tasting fresh out of the water. They are accompanied by Cocktail sauce, Mignonette, and Horseradish sauce. Some of our other favorite starters are the French Onion Soup with Applejack Brandy, and Calamari which is served with Lemon Aioli and Arrabbiata sauce dipping which has a nice complexity and heat to it. The Calamari is delicious and very tender.\n\nWe alternate between the salads all of which are pretty good. I especially enjoy the beet salad. This has read and yellow roasted baby beets, with goat cheese, frisee and arugula and a Sherry vinegar reduction. These flavors all work together so nicely.\n\nSo far, we have not tried the seafood, chicken or burgers. But the Steaks, Prime rib and the Lamb are what we are drawn to.\n\nThe Bone In Ribeye done medium rare is just bursting with flavor and practically melts in your mouth. This is an outstanding steak, one which I come back for often.\nLinda loves the Rack of Lamb. This Lamb is mild, tender, beautifully prepared and very delicious for you lamb lovers. We have had Lamb all over the country and this stands up to the best we have had including Jamison Farms (actually from here in Latrobe, but served around the country in the best restaurants, and Elysian Fields (also local to Green county and served in around the United States). Example, Thomas Keller famed Chef of the French Laundry in California serves Pennsylvania Lamb.\n\nOne other item worthy of note, there is a very great bar in here with seating and several High-top tables. Overall this is a very good choice if you are seeking the high-end steakhouse kind of dinner and experience. I think the Ribeye here might be the best int he city.