Oh my sweet baby Jesus this place is adorable!\n\nI made reservations for a Sunday afternoon tea party. Three lovely ladies showed up in their pearls and hats to enjoy this quaint place full of soft, colorful, feminine decor. There were other patrons (little girls, couples, older clientele). Staff was friendly; our young, new on the job, waitress tried her best to be pleasant and satisfy our needs. She even let us tour one of the rooms they rent out and told us about how this old building was involved in the underground railroad! \n\nFor food\/best experience, I went with the Emerald High Tea $25. To begin I got this Georgia O'Keefe cold tea starter in a little jar with a pink sugar rim.  Next I got to choose my own pot of loose leaf tea from a large section (I went with the Lady Londonberry). First course was a cup of chopped fruit and a slice of cheddar, tomato, broccoli quiche. (By the way, the goods were served on pretty china that your grandma Doris would love). Second course I chose a cute looking salad of mixed greens, fruit, and crunchy noodles (you can get a cup of soup instead of salad). Third course included finger sandwiches like cucumber with cream cheese, chicken salad, and egg salad. I also received a blueberry scone, two mini slices of bread (I think one was blueberry and one zucchini?), and spreads like Devonshire cream and lemon curd. The last course was all about dessert with a chocolate covered cherry, chocolate covered grape, lemon madeleine, frosted brownie, and a mini cheesecake. Individually all are small portions, but collectively it's a filling meal. \n\nI really enjoyed my experience here, everything was just lovely (minus this awful caramel apple tea that I tasted). You can come here to enjoy bed and breakfast accommodations, for a tea party, or even for the ice cream parlor that they have. The backyard connects to the Rocky River Reservation so you can go for a stroll through nature. I would highly recommend you check out Emerald Necklace Inn for an enjoyable experience! (I'd just like to remind little girls that there is no crying at tea time, pull yourselves together, you get to wear princess dressed in public, you should be thrilled!)