So, on this particularly rainy day in late September, I decided to take advantage of the final days of Subway's 5 dollar footlong. As I drove back to the office after eating half of my footlong, I contemplated a tiny storefront with a humongous sign that read PIEROGIES. I also contemplated my very full tummy and the fact that I had exhausted my adventurous food quota of the day by eating a very exotic Subway sandwich. . I decided to have an adventure anyways, since it was a disgrace that after spending all this time in Pennsylvania I still hadn't had pierogi. So I made an impromptu turn into the tiny strip mall. \n\nI walked in a little uncertainly. The place is called Forgotten Taste, although from the road all that is visible is \"PIEROGIES.\" All I knew about Pierogies are that they are dumplings, and they usually involve potato. and I know that I love dumplings. and potato. \n\nA woman came out from the back kitchen to take my order. She explained all the different types of pierogi to me, and I chose potato with sauerkraut, to be authentic. A half dozen will run you about 6 dollars, and they will warm it up for you and serve it with butter and onions. Being  lactose intolerant, I asked for it with just tomato sauce (which listed as an option on the menu). \n\nThe nice lady looked very concerned. She explained at great lengths (with a thick accent that I assume to be Polish) the reason why it is necessary to put butter on the pierogi, and she made an exaggerated hand gesture about the pierogies sticking together turning into a blobby pancake. She made it clear that butter is necessary. She asked if I still wanted just tomato sauce. I contemplated the fact that I sit in an open office cube with no doors to close. And I'm lactose intolerant.  I said yes, just tomato sauce. \n\nShe gave me my pierogi with tomato sauce, and I asked for a side of the hot sausage goulash. I also particularly enjoyed the way she talked about goulash. She was very careful to list every ingredient and explain the variety of things you can pour goulash over to enjoy. She also tried to convince me that it wasn't too spicy (she said, \"not like Mexican spicy, it's just small spicy\"). I love spicy so it didn't matter, but I could tell she has to convince a lot of people that it's not too spicy. \n\nShe didn't smile very much, but she was so knowledgeable about all the various types of Polish food and asked me if I wanted to take a menu so that I could call her with any questions later. It was really endearing. \n\nI am eating my second lunch of pierogies with hot sausage goulash and dare I say, the adventure was worth it.  The other half of my Subway footlong has sadly been relegated to last place.\n\n(p.s.- the goulash is not too spicy).