I decided to play it responsible during the New Year and reserved a room instead of attempting to make my way home that night.  When I was looking for a room, I was looking for something that was close to downtown and reasonably priced.  After going through many websites, I settled on this, because it was the best price I found, and basically the newest.  Making the reservation was a breeze just like check in.\n\nThis hotel is conveniently located between downtown and the Strip District.  The hotel itself has onsite valet parking, but I decided to park in a garage and walk here (saved a few dollars that way).  When you enter the hotel, you have to go up on level in order to check in.  Speedy check in and then you are on your way to your room.  The lobby level offers a nice lounge area that leads out to a deck that overlooks Smallman St. and gives a different view of downtown and the North Side.  Even if it is a brisk night there is a fire pit that could keep you warm.  Also on this level is fitness center, business center, snack shop and indoor pool.\n\nThe room was beautiful.  I felt like I was moving into an apartment rather than just staying a single night.  This is my first experience staying at a Homewood Suites and I may end up searching these out when I am out of town.  I believe there was more room in here than I have seen for some apartments in this city.  A full kitchen complete with counter top stove, dishwasher, fridge with ice making capabilities.  The seating area was great to just relax on the couch and putting your feet up.  \n\nThe bed was great, nice and comfortable with ample amount of pillows.  Alarm clock has the capability to charge your iPhone and the phone is cordless so you can roam about your room and not have to be stationary near the bed.  The TV, although mounted on the wall, can be positioned for viewing wherever you may be in the room.  \n\nThe bathroom is where I ran into a bit of trouble.  I love that the sink is outside and separate from the shower\/toilet area.  If you have someone else with you, getting ready to leave is eased a little bit.  Where I ran into a problem is the shower.  Nice and sleek, no shower curtain, glass, tiled...and slippery as can be.  I almost fell several times while taking showers.  \n\nAmenities abound here, they sure outweigh several other places nearby.