Not a lot of love for Vero after my weekend birthday dinner and first visit.   I didn't dislike it, but I wish I went somewhere else. \n\nMy original plans were cancelled when my first choice closed for a private event the night of our reservation but we got last minute reservations here and I'd heard good things. \n\nAs a vegetarian I get one option on a menu in places like this and I loved the dish on the menu on their website and that was a deciding factor.  Unfortunately, there was a totally different menu when we got there and my heart sank because I had to have risotto and that's a bit heavy for a warm August evening.  \n\nI had the peach belini and it was just OK.  It was a bit too tart and for $10 it's passable. \n\nThe table had the sweet potato gnocchi and truffled edamame,  Both were good but the edamame didn't go with anyone's main as far as taste profiles.  The gnocchi I wished was my main. \n\nMy main the crimini mushroom risotto with white beans.  Over all it was bland and not cohesive and not what I wanted to have in the first place.  Somewhere between all of the ingredients there were sometimes hard crunches like biting into broken glass so much so I had a really good inspection.  I think it was slightly under cooked risotto in a number of grains and no so much glass.  Still unsettling.  \n\nFor dessert I really wanted chocolate but their menu was sans chocolate.  They had two coffee flavored dishes and two cream dishes with fruit flavoring which is a shockingly uneven selection.  I ordered the passionfruit creme brulee.  The presentation was nice until you looked inside the little heart shaped ramakin and wonder who ate the rest of your dessert.  It was 1\/3 full and although it was a perfect amount it looks stingy in the dish.   I liked the fruit flavor of the cream and LOVED the poprocks.   The crackle and the zing of the flavor paired wonderfully.   Almost made me over look the unintentional crackle of my main. Almost. \n\nWe did tell the restaurant we were celebrating a birthday and noticed another dessert come out after ours with a sparkler so our server just didn't remember I guess.   I didn't know I could have expected pyrotechnics but as soon as I learned I could have I felt much less important to Vero and my server.    \n\nOverall the food was good quality and lovely prepared with exception of the risotto but it lacked any kind of fireworks for me (literally and figuratively) and without a dollar figure attached it might have been acceptable but once you attach the actual bill to that meal I start thinking of the dozens of other places I would have loved to drop that kind of money.   I also wouldn't have left ANY of them with an unsatisfied chocolate craving.