Every great city has its mellow spot. New York City has the Jamaica Bay National Wildlife Refuge. San Francisco has the Twin Peaks. And the MGM Grand - The City of Entertainment has the West Wing Bar. \n\n  Although, The West Wing Bar is a few hundred feet down the hall from the happening sports book and wild night club, it is an oasis of tranquility off the World Famous Las Vegas Strip. It is hidden off the beaten path. In a way, the West Wing Bar is a speakeasy. The easiest way to reach it from the Strip is to cut through the Grand Canyon Shop, the after exiting proceed across the driveway and into the MGM Grand doors ahead. This is the West Wing Bar. \n\n  I have been familiar with the West Wing Bar for years. It's just that last week was the first time I ever drank there. The West Wing Bar was the anchor to an uncrowded shortcut along a hotel corridor that ended up in the far end of the casino. I'm not sure if MGM Grand blocked off this shortcut. \n\n  A few days ago when my dad was in town, we decided to have a drink before the David Copperfield show. The Tap Bar was loud and packed with seats full to capacity just like the other MGM Grand Bars. It looked like the drink would be delayed until I suggested the West Wing Bar. It was really a short walk from the main casino. \n\n  The West Wing Bar reminds me of a lounge from a James Bond film. It even has the classic arcade machines. The lighting is extremely dim. The furnishings include overly plush sofas with pillows. The dark red walls and oversize lampshades bring a cozy atmosphere to the place. It is just mellow. \n\n  My family and I started off at the tiny bar. Because this is a quasi speakeasy, there was an abundance of seats. However, there isn't an abundance of beer. According to the bartender, they don't serve draft beers here. I'd enjoy a bottle of Corona while watching college basketball on the monitor. Most of all, I enjoyed the low noise level where I could easily talk to my family. We'd relocate to the plush sofas where the danger was that it is so relaxing that we could of missed the David Copperfield show. \n\n   The two bartenders had an extreme difference in personality. The first bartender was a serious man who greeted us by asking us to move more to the right so the waitresses could work (just saw one). The second bartender was extremely talkative leading into conversation over the sky high cost of an MGM Grand hotel room when professional boxing takes over the City of Entertainment. \n\n   The West Wing Bar is a mellow side of the City of Entertainment. I plan to return to the mellow side of the MGM Grand sometime in the future.