Wow this place could be one if the best places for jeans in Canada or North America with their selection. Let me preface this review to say I had no intention to buy any jeans when I got here. \n\nNone whatsoever!!\n\n I came here as my brother knew about this place and mentioned their prices are cheaper than most. For the last few years I have bought 7 for all mankind jeans at the outlets in the US. I can find these at the outlets for $99 or $129 whereas in Canada they go for $200-$249. A clear indication of pricing disparity by country. Perusing their selection I was pleasantly surprised to see they price 7's at $179. Okay... Got me thinking. \n\nSo, I talked to one of the guys working here, explained the cut and style I prefer and he said let me grab you 5-6 pairs and you can try on. I mentioned I wanted something different from 7's. So...I proceeded to the line for change rooms. Yikes.....on this Saturday afternoon it must have been 15 people deep. They do have many change rooms and it is well organized with people working there directing people to change rooms and searching for new pairs for those that determine after trying on the fit isn't good. As I got to the front of the line I was being a bit cheeky with one of the guys and said why don't you hurry some of the people up? He said to me...no man, people need their time to try them on! OK... Maybe my comment was a bit jerkish...based on my impatience. He then said...it's okay I understand the line is long...it's okay to be a jerk... This is what we are paid for! He said it in a sort of funny yet sarcastic way that made me laugh! He led me to my change room and I must admit for 5-6 pairs. I took a bit of time even though I was trying them on faster. Okay maybe my comment was uncalled for! The service here is outstanding. The associates come take a look at you after you try them on and pinch by the waist then call out to another associate to search a different size. They throw the jeans across and say try these on... Even though they may seem smaller don't pay attention to the number. Wow I thought. This is damm good service. The guy who I made my comment to then came through with bottles of water and offered one to me and a few other people! I asked about alterations after selecting a pair of Fidelity Denim jeans and asked how long it would be to hem. He said for your brother 2-5 min. For you 45 min.  Lol I laughed and said you're quick dude! He pinned my jeans and took them up... Did I mention****FREE***hemming and shortening while you wait? I went to see where a woman was behind a sewing machine and before I knew it they were at the cash and she said go pay! \n\nSo...I ended up paying $149.99 + tax = $171 for an amazing pair of comfortable perfect fitting jeans that I didn't even have I mind when I came here. You may think I'm cookoo bananas for spending this much on jeans however for me it's an investment as jeans last me 5-7 years.  I'm usually a window shopper. The experience here clearly exceeded my expectations!  Sure it's expensive but they are as comfortable as 7's and the service was nothing short of amazing! \n\nMy brother got 2 pairs of Mavi jeans that are usually over $100 for $70 a pair. \n\nThey don't have just expensive jeans. They have jeans for every price, selection and style both mens and women's!