Just to put this review into perspective, three of my top things in this world are: 1) alcohol, 2) video games and 3) women who love alcohol and video games.  So, Insert Coins should be a slam dunk 6 stars on a 5 star scale.\n\nThe concept is great.  The arcade video game selection is fun and mostly retro (House of the Dead I, Tron, Dragonslayer, etc.).  And they added the very nice touch of having a wall of booths with private screens to allow people to play X-Box 360 and Playstation 3 games.  Yeah. . . this place really should be the jewel in the crown of Vegas bars.\n\nHow did it go off the rails?  Mainly, it's because of Insert Coins' prices (1 star).  The drink prices are ridiculous for East Fremont.  When we visited, we ordered several regular margaritas and martinis, each one coming out at around $10.  And the drink pours were small.  I'd say their martinis were about 1\/2 the size of a normal martini.  Now the martinis weren't mixologist martinis like at Vanguard or Downtown Bar.  These were simple gin martinis.  1\/2 the size of a normal martini for $10.  No happy hour to speak of.  That's a good rate for a club in the middle of the Venetian, but not for East Fremont Street.    \n\n[Word to the wise, Insert Coins owners: on East Fremont, locals are your bread and butter.  You can bilk the tourists with 1\/2 size $10 drinks, but you'll loose the locals real quick with prices like that and you'll be scrambling to bring in customers.]  \n\nBeyond the drink prices, the place has a dramatic lack of seating if you're not up for bottle service.  The previously-mentioned, very cool game booths are reserved for bottle service.  There are stools around the bar, but no comfy seating other than the expensive booths.\n\nOne other weird thing: there's a DJ.  It's supposedly a gamer's lounge, but there's a large wide open space (for dancing?) and a DJ.  The night we were there the music was uninteresting generic club pop.  And it all just feels like too much.  I mean, when I go out dancing, I head to a club on the strip, not a gaming bar.  And I'm pretty sure that most of the people seriously interesting in gaming to the point of paying for bottle service aren't into dancing or generic club pop.\n\nBottom line: I'd be a regular at gaming lounge that focused on gaming and drinks, had the option of comfy seating and had reasonable drink prices.  Insert Coins is not that place.  And, if they insist on running the place like Tao nightclub, I think they'll be out of business in a year.