For the premium price this facility commands I'd expect a premium experience, but boy is that not the case -- I'm typically here 10 or more hours a week, and frequently find myself just shaking my head in amazement. It's like no one on staff really cares about the place or takes any pride in it, and all of the little overlooked details end up making it feel shoddy.\n\nIt's huge and has a lot of amenities -- so much so that I'm sure I'll never use them all -- and at first glance it looks really nice, but the more time you spend the more you see things that are just...off.\n\nTake for instance the complimentary workout towels: there's stacks of nicely folded, clean towels right before you hit the equipment, which is great, but there's also drifts of used, discarded ones all over the equipment and floor. I have no idea why so many members seem to think that \"the floor\" is the correct place to put whatever you're done using, but the workout area often looks like a bomb has gone off, the floor littered with weights, bars, collars, equipment, trash, and towels, towels, towels. To their credit the night crew does an admirable job attempting to clean this up, but they're a very small team (maybe 3-5 people covering 100,000 sq.\/ft.). On the other hand, during the day I have never seen one of the \"regular\" staff ask a member to clean up after themselves, a personal trainer show a client that -- just like the big sign on the wall says -- after you're done using equipment you should put it away, nor anybody go an inch out of their way to pick up some trash or put a weight back on the rack. \n\nAnd then there's the maintenance, or lack thereof. Most of the rubber feet have fallen off of the benches; they're now just sliding around the floor like swarms of flat little rubber-fish. Bolts fall out of benches and equipment and just lay there on the floor for days or weeks. Back when this location first opened, at least once a week I'd see someone wiping down the seats and benches, cleaning off the scuff marks, sanitizing the water fountains, but I've not seen that happen once in the last year. The refrigeration unit went out on one of drinking fountains maybe six months ago; it has yet to be repaired. A couple dumbbells disappeared over a year ago (how does that even happen, do people steal them, or break them somehow?) and have never been replaced. They've finally repaired the lights in the parking lot that were burned out all winter, but there's still bulbs out in the signage on the east side of the building going on a year now. As another reviewer mentioned, sticky-stuff spilled on the floor will stay there for days, there's drifts of paper towels in the restrooms, and on and on and on.\n\nAll of these little quality-flaw issues vs. the monthly cost (easily 3-4x other clubs in town) would have resulted in a three-star review, but last night I noticed one that dropped my view down to two stars and motivated me to finally write a review. Most of the weighted cable machines have the option of using different handle attachments, joined to the machine with springy-clip connectors. Those clips started disappearing -- getting kicked under machines, accidentally knocked in the trash, whatever -- the day the doors opened, and are never replaced. There's now maybe 1\/3rd as many clips as there are cables that need them, so it's always a juggling act trying to find an unused clip.\n\nMaking equipment unusable because of a failure to replace a $3 part is pretty annoying, but what really pushed me over the edge: some genius recently installed zip-ties in an attempt to \"lock\" the clips onto the cables. The whole point of the springy-clips is being able to change the attachments used; the zip-ties are there to \"permanently\" bind handles to cables. How anyone could think this is an acceptable solution to the problem of clips getting lost -- let alone a better one than investing the maybe $20\/mo it'd cost to replace clips when they go missing -- is completely beyond me, but it's exactly that kind of thinking that leads to a two-star rating.\n\nI really wish someone in management, the GM of the club, corporate HQ, *anyone*, would take some ownership and whip this location into shape. It could be a great facility, but at the moment it's overpriced and neglected.