Suzanne's has a great selection of dresses. I knew when we were married in April 2009 that I wanted a Maggie Soterro gown so choosing this boutique was a no brainer. In all fairness, my dress was perfect. Suzanne herself did the alterations and it was perfection. Unfortunately, our patronage did not stop with my gown and thus the slippery slope began.\n\nMy mother also purchased her dress from Suzanne's and while it was nice, it was discovered on the day of the wedding that an entire seam had be left open during alterations. Strike one. My groom, his groomsmen, ushers, and fathers all rented their tuxedos from here as well. I am not exaggerating when I say there was something wrong with every single (count it, 7!) tuxedo. Holes in the shirts, lipstick on the collars, ivory and white shirts mixed together, wrong sizes, the list goes on and on. The best part of it all was my husband's shoe breaking during pre-ceremony pictures. He switched shoes with his best man so as to stay on solid ground during our wedding :) Coming in a close second was my father-in-law being peed on by one of the owner's dogs (in a bridal shop?!) when he went to go pick up his tux. A BIG strike two.\n\nThe icing on the cake was while my husband and I were on our honeymoon. Suzanne called my mother to tell her all of the tuxedos had not been returned (untrue.) While my mom calmly explained everything that had gone wrong, Suzanne yelled at her and accused my husband of doing something to break the shoe, that I was ungrateful, etc...I really didn't consider myself to be a bridezilla, found the comments to be totally unfounded and offensive toward myself, my husband and my mom. Oh, and the phone call was ended in a lovely professional way-she hung up on my mom after laying into her. Strike three, you're out.\n\nI know weddings don't go perfectly. After it was said and done the issues with the tuxedos were a joke in a our family. However, the treatment we received from Suzanne (the owner) was unprofessional, rude and childish. I can't recommend this shop to anyone. Spend a little more money and go somewhere that has more to offer than just selection.