ZERO STARS.\n\nMy husband and I were guests (or should I say victims) of the Paris hotel from 11\/4-11\/6, and there were multiple issues with not only the room, but service, spa, and professionalism as well. \n\nUpon arrival at the hotel (and waiting for an hour while 1 clerk managed a line of 100 guests), we were told our reservation was not ready, and while scrambling to find a room for us, we were placed in a room that was heavily filled with smoke, had a dirty bathroom (dried vomit on the toilet) that my husband had to clean personally so that I could use it, and the TV was on.   After cleaning the bathroom personally, we called down to the front desk to request housekeeping service and left the room to allow for the cleaning to take place.   This was our first visit to the Paris, and it took some MAJOR convincing, as we are very faithful to ENCORE.  So here we were, wondering within the first few minutes if we had made a huge mistake booking this hotel.   Upon returning to our room, we inspected everything and it appeared to be cleaned, however the room was still filled with the stench of old, filthy cigarette smoke.  We remained in the room for the evening, however woke up with breathing issues and allergies due to the poor ventilation and immense smoke residue(this was a non-smoking floor, by the way).  \n\nOur second ZERO STAR experience was attempting a relaxing treatment at the MANDARA spa.  We booked a service for 11\/5 and it was a train wreck of incompetence, unprofessionalism, and possible fraudulent charge swapping l from start to finish.   After waiting for 15 minutes at an unmanned front desk, my husband was finally ushered into the men's spa for treatment.  The massage was brief and very poor quality; he communicated certain muscle groups that he wanted attention given to, and the masseuse disregarded his requests and just did her own thing.   The lack of enthusiasm and willingness to provide a service to a client is unacceptable when paying this much money.  Following the shitty massage, my husband retreated to the jacuzzi, and alas, it was out of order.   This was not disclosed during the booking, and I was completely irate.  A full selection of amenities are not only necessary but required in my opinion.   My husband was asked to walk from the Paris spa (after his treatment) to the planet Hollywood spa to use their facility and they offered to take 10% off of his service as an apology.  What they did NOT tell him is that the 10% they removed from his bill was from the tip line meant for the masseuse.  Is this even legal???  This is beyond shady in my book, and truly represents a brand that does not put forth the time and effort to ensure customer OR employee satisfaction.  My husband got dressed and walked to PH to use the jacuzzi, but by this time he was frustrated and disgusted by the lack of professionalism,  shady accounting, and overall bad service. \n\nWe spoke to the front desk immediately to address these concerns and were told that the spa charge would be removed from our bill, and that they would place us into a non-smoking room on another floor with better ventilation.  We did keep in mind that this is Las Vegas, and we would be exposed to smoking in the casino, however we have high expectations for non-smoking rooms to the extent that there will not be a heavy smoke scent in the bed\/pillows\/towels\/carpet.  \n\nNaturally, I got my folio this morning and none of the charges were adjusted, and it appears I was charged resort fees for 3 days (even after confirming these would not be charged).  \n\nThe level of incompetence that resides within the hotel industry is truly mind boggling.  I hope to have this issue resolved in the near future, but if Vegas has taught me anything, I will not be betting on it.