Hot diggity dog these are darn good hot dogs!\n\nI am ashamed at not coming here much sooner!  But in my lame defense, it's tucked away in in the back of Trinity Cathedral.  All tiny and unassuming.  Even when you first walk into the \"church\" doors, you have to ask yourself, am I coming here to confess some sins or eat some sinfully delicious dogs?\n\nAfter reading through the many reviews on here I decided to opt for the \"healthy\" locavore dog.  It's awesome they carry this particular dog because it's made local AND doesn't have all those little mystery ingrediants that our other little dog friend has.  As soon as I read banana peppers I was sold on the Chicago Imposter gourmet dog.  It also comes with a whole pick, relish, tomatoes and celery salt.  It was really a great dog, although I still had to add ketchup, because we are in fact deeply in love, to the point where I have to add it to anything burger, dog, fry related.  \n\nI was sad to find out they were out of their slaw because I'm a huge fan of the slaw, when made right.  I opted to get the Greek Salad instead.  Good for me they were out of the slaw because the Greek Salad was KILLER!  I had to ask if it was made in house and it in fact is made by one of the chefs there.  It comes HIGHLY suggested!  I had to carefully inspect the salad so I could figure out how to make it at home.  Artichokes, cucumbers, banana peppers, orange peppers, onion, tomatoes and olive oil....amazingness!  To be completely honest, I don't think I'd have been disappointed by any of the sides because I had to steal a taste of my friends baked beans and they were also stellar!  \n\nMega plus, they carry Boyle's soda!  I love me some Diet Cream Soda (I know...diet + hot dog = defeats the purpose).  AND, they give you a fun little gummy hot dog treat.  So freakin' cute!\n\nTotally cheap option for anyone working\/lunching or visiting dahntahn Pixburgh!  Then you can head into the church and tell God how thankful you are he created hot dogs.  Amen!