We were somewhat dismayed when we looked at the menu, seeing that prices seemed very high compared to other Mediterranean restaurants we frequent.  That evaporated once they brought the food, and we were faced with astronomical portion sizes that would feed us for a second (and in my case third) meal.\n\nWe started with the hummus that was free with Yelp check-in:  beautifully presented, along with a basket of warm, puffed pita straight from the oven, and adorned with multiple slices of Persian cucumber.  That's helpful for limiting the amount of bread you need to eat.  Cukes are great for dipping into hummus, and the hummus is made of a combination of fava beans and chickpeas, very authentic.\n\nFor our main courses, hubby ordered the chicken kebab, and I decided on something I don't usually order, baked kibbe.  We both had salad for our side dishes, and were served with large bowls with mixed greens, onion, tomatoes, and more of those yummy Persian cukes.  I had my dressing on the side, and it was an unusual mix of oil, lemon, salt, pepper, and mint.  I was so full from the hummus, half a piece of pita, and the salad that I could have stopped there.  But I didn't.\n\nWhen the plates were brought out, I thought I would faint from the amount of food.  The kebabs had three skewers of chicken, each chock-full of meat, with a spicy-ish sauce basted on top, sitting on enough Lebanese rice to feed a family of four.  I tried the chicken, and it was the best chicken kebab ever.\n\nThe star of the presentation was my kibbe.  When I had it at other restaurants years ago, it was always a square of re-warmed stuff cut out of a larger baking dish.  That's probably why I stopped ordering it.  My dish here had three individual gigundo balls of fresh kibbe, surrounding a center of meat, seasonings, and pine nuts, sitting atop an atomic-sized portion of the aforementioned rice, along with a roasted tomato.  Totally different from what I was expecting, and incredibly good.  I had to force myself to finish just one of those balls.  It was a tough job, not because it was bad, but because I was stuffed to the gills.\n\nService was exceptional from Alida, the owner's sister, and the young woman, also family, whose name I didn't get.  The TVs did NOT have sports playing - YAY!!, and the background music was terrific.\n\nDon't let the prices deter you - the quality is exceptional and the value is definitely worth it.  We started out disgruntled and ended up converted.  We will go back, for sure!!