Last Saturday was my second visit to Joey's NY Pizza. My first visit here was in December of 2016 when I tried their $4.99 two slice pizza and can of Coke special (added 50 cents for mushrooms). I left the pizzaria with the impression that their food was solid. However, I decided to postpone my review until I tried their eggplant parmigiana hero (in the New York area subs are called heroes). A year and three months later, I had the opportunity to try their eggplant parmigiana hero.\n\n   On a recent sunny Henderson morning, when I was walking around the nearby Sunridge Park, my mind was saying, \"Now that I am close to Joey's NY Pizza, this is the perfect time to try the eggplant parmigiana hero.\" I listened to my mind.\n\n   To many people living in the north part of Las Vegas Joey's NY Pizza might as well be in New York. It is in the far southern reaches of Henderson off Eastern Avenue where the main arterial splits with Anthem Hills Parkway by Anthem. It is in a small strip mall with a Capriati's. And it is very easy to miss it. My tip is that if you are heading south on Eastern Avenue that after you proceed past Sunridge Heights Parkway and the 76 gas station that it will be on the right.\n\n   With my mind set on the eggplant parmigiana hero, I handed  the woman at the counter $10.81. After giving me the change, she informed me that there is a 15 minute wait.\n\n   During the 15 minutes that I waited on one of the three stool seats overlooking Eastern Avenue, I took in the New York City themed dining room. The dining room is relatively small which gives me the impression that this is more of a take out and delivery business than casual dining. Besides the three stool seats there are three tables decorated in red and white table clothes and two outside tables. Where the room was short on seating it is big on the New York City motif. The large yellow wall opposite the counter features pictures of New York City including the skyline and subway signs. The three tables overlook the New York City pictures. At the opposite side, the small left wall by the stool seats are a NY Yankees shrine.\n\n   Speaking of shrines, their two page menu is a shrine to the NY pizzaria. The choices include calzones ($9.99), medium 14 inch ($11.99)and large 18 inch ($14.99) pizza pies, individual pizza slices ($2.50), heroes, cannolis ($3), eggplant parmigiana with a small salad ($12.99), and pasta with Mariana sauce ($9.99). Unfortunately fountain beverages are not on the menu. I have a slight pet peeve with drinking can soda. The want for a fountain beverage machine is one of the reasons that I ordered the eggplant parmigiana hero to go.\n\n  By the time that I devoured the hero, I had the exact opinion as the pizza. It was solid. At the $10.81 price point I felt that it should of been a real NY eggplant hero that is so loaded with eggplant and parmigiana cheese that I have to open my mouth wide to chew it. Working on this eggplant parmigiana hero I basically just opened my mouth. It could of used more eggplant and parmigiana cheese. The bread also needed room for improvement. It lacked that hot toasted bread taste. Additionally there were parts of the bread that were a task to chew. I rate it a three as in solid.\n\n   My return factor score here is 50%. That is not on account of bad food or service. Not the least! The reality is that Joey's NY Pizza is a distance from my hood at the same time there are closer pizzarias serving eggplant parmigiana heroes including Metro Pizza and Verrazano' that I have a higher opinion of.