I love hot wings. It's a weird food. I mean, think about it for a second. You can't make them at home. Ok someone is reading this right now mumbling duhh ya you can duhhhh. Listen A hole, yes you can but its just not worth all the steps ok?  Besides they're just not gonna be as good so shut up. Shut it. \n \nSince Teakwoods moved from 28th st & Indian School I've been without a wing joint. Eating 2nd rate wings is depressing. Just thinking back to last month when I was munching on a breaded hot wing from Domino's puts me on suicide watch. It's like handing a strung out crackhead a freagin antihistamine. Speakin of crackheads, remember that episode of Saved By the Bell when Jesse was poppin all them pills singing that one song?   \n\nI haven't been to Long Wong's in a few years primarily because the last few times I went there...I was not impressed. Well the other day a friend at work brought in some wings. Me, being a crackhead for these things I tried them out & asked where they were from. You guessed it.\n\nSo tonight I ordered a dozen hot. No zucchini, no mushrooms, no pizza - just some wings. The total came out to close to 8 bucks with an extra ranch. I came home to watch the ballgame & really enjoyed them. They were the only pleasant suprise tonight as the Dbacks got their asses handed to them once more.\n\nThey come a little bit on the wet side, which I think works. I would give the sauce a solid 8 out of 10. They cook them perfectly, done all the thru. They must have made some changes since I last been here because I don't ever remember the wings being on this level. Props to you guys.\n\nI'll go back once I need another fix. Perhaps ill try one of there other sauces? One suggestion I would make to the Long Wong familia is maybe offer grilled hot wings to char up some of that sauce. Till then ill be alright with my normal crack. Maybe I'll get really wild, order TWO dozen, go on a naked rampage & eat some poor man's face. Then again...the dozen should probably do. See ya around Wong.