When in Vegas...\n\nIf you wanna do Vegas big time, you stay at the Cosmopolitan. My review will be a bit biased because #luckyme my friend works the front desk and put us in the nicest available room. We stayed in a Terrace One Bedroom - straight from their website \"Experience pure luxury with an expansive private terrace and telescoping doors separating the urban-inspired living area from a spacious bedroom. Step into a large, decadent bathroom featuring marble tiles and a unique Japanese soaking tub.\" So yeah, the long and short of it - we lived like ballers for a few days.\n\nThe room is exactly like you see it on their website (http:\/\/www.cosmopolitanlasvegas.com\/stay\/rooms-and-suites.aspx) - it is beauts! (And it is very expensive...no doubt.) From the fancy couch, to the two flat screen TVs, to the comfy firm bed, to the huge closet and ottoman, to the magical furo (Japanese soaking tub), and, finally, to the huge terrace that provides you a magestic view of the Bellagio water show and the LV Strip - this stay was a dream come true. \n\nThe pools are made for the Vegas life - so make sure to take some time to lay out. Enjoy the fab food options - the three places we tried were awesome: Holsteins, Wicked Spoon, and, the oh-so-not-secret, Secret Pizza. The casino is always bumpin' no matter what time of day. (Only bummer, the machines weren't as loose as my wallet would've liked. Ha!) You might also want to check out The Chelsea for concerts. Part of the package we purchased included standing room tickets to see, the one and only, Bruno Mars. #AMAZE!\n\nCosmo's parking lot is easily accessible to the Strip and to the freeway. We had zero problems finding parking - due to the #genius parking sensors that tell you where the open spots are! Unfortunately, our only problem we experienced was in the shower. Haha - wait a minute, take your mind out of the gutter. (If you've read my previous hotel reviews, I'm a water pressure & towel snob.) Shower water pressure sucked, but I just used the furo tub water because it blasts out of control. But we encountered a slow-drainer (think six inches around your feet by the end of your shower - disgusting!), but maintenance quickly addressed the issue. (Let me tell you, when he got the plunger out and pulled out the black gunk, it was grooosssss!)  #thingsidontneedtosee\n\nAll in all, would I stay at The Cosmo again? Hell, yeah! We had an amazing time and experience. Personally, I would be completely happy at an off-the-Strip hotel where it's smoke-free. But, when I wanna do Vegas in a big way, The Cosmopolitan is a great choice!