There are things I love and things I dislike, but at the end of the day it's the gym I choose to go to.\n\nThe main reason I go here is location. It's really close to my house and it's easy for me to get here. If I moved, I'd happily drop my membership for any other gym.\n\nWhat I like: \nClean, quiet, albeit sterile atmosphere where I can do my own thing and easily block out everyone else around me.  They've got a good amount of equipment and I can usually find a free weight (get it?) to keep me happy. There's a good mix in both age and body type of people there so it seems like it would be a pretty comfortable place. (So says the insanely extroverted, carefree 28 year old male writing this review.)\n\n The classes are awesome and they're included! It seems to be mostly women who attend, but it's 2014 people - drop the gym gender stereotypes and take a class that's out of your comfort zone!!  All of them I've been to have been a total blast, lots of fun and an awesome workout. They're led by really friendly people who really seem to love what they do. Not all classes would be up your alley but I'd encourage people to get out of your comfort zone and try something new. They're really well put together.\n\nWhat I don't like: \nThe super high pressure enrolment process.  First off - Don't get a membership here unless you're getting some sort of deal. If they don't have any deals going on, wait a week. They're like The Brick of the fitness world. They'll set you up with a few free personal trainer sessions at the start. Take 'em or leave 'em. You probably won't gain much from these sessions unless you intend on hiring one of their trainers once you're done. It's basically just a high pressure sales pitch for personal training. They'll talk to you about the gym community and how supportive everyone is, but as soon as they know they're not making a sale, they'll never talk to you again.\n\nJust as well...Ignore all the sales rooms and go get your sweat on...It's a nice place to work out and it's priced competitively if it's convenient for you.