One star is more than these guys deserve.  After my original review I sent a message to Aaron Pools through their \"contact us\" form.  Below is the response I received from them (I removed last names):\n\nDear Becky,\n\nWe have no idea who you are or who you think you are judging our company who has been in business for over 35 years...you are not our customer.\n\nMr. A. is who we have been \"dealing\" with because HE is our customer and with whom you should perhaps show this letter to...he can contact us to dispute anything contained in this correspondence.\n\nMr. A. had an appointment for us to replace the grids in the filter at 2939 E. Bonanza Road, Gilbert, AZ.  HE is the one who cancelled the appointment so he could research the grid cost and find them at a lesser cost to him.  He did find grids and advised us he would drop the grids off early the week of May 7th but that he would call us to advise us when he in fact had dropped the grids off.  About the only thing you did agree with our office staff is that he did not drop them off until the afternoon of May 10 and when he called us that day he expected an appointment immediately.  We advised him we could not guarantee somebody out there as our schedule was full but we would try to get somebody there that day or Friday.  He was aware that we were booking at that time for the following week.  If he had dropped the grids off earlier in the week as he had advised us he would we would have been able to get this resolved before the weekend of May 12\/13, 2012.  We realize Mr. A. is busy, as are we, but we cannot make him find the time to drop them off as he had expected.\n\nAdditionally, your pool is cloudy at worse, not green.  If these filters had been taken care of as set on OUR ORIGINAL TIME FRAME APPOINTMENT before Mr. A. cancelled to look for grids on his own, you would not be having this problem created by the grids not being authorized by Mr. Angelotti for us to handle.  It is understandable that home owners are trying to cut back on expenses but we cannot take the heat for that situation.  You really need to take this up with Mr. A.  If he has told you anything other than as we are stating above, I would challenge that statement!\n \nbilling@aaronpools.com\nAaron Pools, Inc.\n480-839-9041\n\nWhat they don't know is that our landlord is one of our closest friends and everything he tells me is the truth.  I AM the customer, because I was the one who originally said I wanted Aaron Pools to be our pool service.  They were hired because of me, and they will now be fired because of me.  Their customer service skills are definitely in line with their pool servicing skills.  After our pump was finally working again, the pool cleaner guy came out and I asked him about the chlorine level because I had been testing it and it was reading very high.  He dipped his little test strip in and told me everything looked fine.  After he left I took a sample over to Leslie's and had them test it.  The chlorine was at 15ppm!  Good thing I didn't let my kids go swimming.  Stay away from these guys.  How they have managed to stay in business for over 35 years will remain a mystery.