This is terrible but surely someone can relate. I came in about 545 on a Tuesday and it was literally just me and my friend. Love when that happens! My friend had arrived before I did and she handed me a menu to stare at. I stared, but i wasn't really staring a. Has that happen to you? Just me? Impossible. I continued to stare at this menu and pretended like i was thoroughly reading, i mean i wanted to \"read\" it but the brain wasnt processing. Lol. \n\nSo I get up to order with no idea as to what was I going to have. At the register was a nice cashier who offered me what they are most popular for after me asking...she says the crepe cakes and suggested the matcha crepe cake. Looked at her and told her, okay yep...that's what I'll have then. Thennn...I notice the big ole board behind with drinks they have to offer. Again, my eyes were looking but home girls weren't processing  My eyes noticed the words latte, and Thai tea. Boring me and the lazy me said, let me get the Thai tea. \n\nI finally had an awakening from whatever cloud my head was in (probably from all the slow downs on the 15 just trying to get here) and notice Thai lemon tea. If you don't know, love me some iced tea. Told the cashier okay just joking, let me get that Thai lemon tea. I am sooo glad I did! \n\nMy matcha crepe cake was deliciously moist and IS SWEET. It comes with a matcha green tea syrup that you jizz all over and makes it even more fantasticly  deelish with a piece of blueberry and strawberry to match. The Thai lemon tea literally tastes like Thai tea but minus the creamer with a lemon as a garnish. It was good. Like so good I went into tea time days later damn near asking if they can make such a thing for me.\n\nWe spent 4 hours chatting and chatting and discovered that once the sun dims down, the place really picks up of folks grouping together and chatting over dessert. And the traffic didn't seem to die down and it was nearly 10 at night...on a Tuesday!\n\nHonestly, I didn't finish my crepe cake completely because the buggah IS SWEET after awhile. If you have a sweet tooth or tis one of those days when the glucose needs some refilling...this is a cute spot to check out. I wouldn't see myself coming here as a regular just because I can only handle so much sweetness in a day let alone a week. However, I certainly would stop in when I'm in the vicinity for the Thai lemon tea or if a friend wanted to meet up. Which something tells me I'll end up here a few more times in a month than I can admit. Lol.\n\nDefinitely a better choice than your typical let's meet at Starbucks kind of date.  I sampled my friends honey brick toast and that was yummmmy! Perfectly toasted I must add. They have all kinds of toppings and some ice cream selections to add to your toast.\n\nSo if you are on spring mountain after eating at some pho, ramen, bbq, crawfish, etc...joint and is looking for something sweet. This may just be what you are seeking. \n\nDefinitely recommend! Kid and stroller friendly depending how busy they are in there.  4 stars from me because I enjoyed what I got and the service was great!\n\nEnjoy!