So the other day, there was an office discussion looking for bakeries where we could get a celebrational cake for a gathering the following week. All of the usual low-level, mid-level and high-level bakeries, from Prantl's to Oakmont Bakery came up, and in the discussion, someone mentioned  a new place downtown that had just opened that no one had heard of or tried. The decision came down to Oakmont, since the need was specific.\n\nAn hour later, I had to make a walk to a print shop nearby, and as I walked - there it was - the new shop that had been mentioned - Sinful sweets. So after my print job was placed I went back to check it out on the way back to the office.\n\nOnce inside, the place looked pretty much like any average candy store, very white, with some shelves with jars of bon bons, and a long counter display case filled with chocolates and goodies.\n\nThere were candies and truffles and turtles and barks, chocolates from white, to milky and darks. Goodies with nuts, goodies with sticks, goodies with toffees, worth plenty of licks.\n\nDon't ask me where that came from. I think I just had a sugar-induced Dr. Seuss moment.\n\nAnyway, I was trying to find something to take back to the office as examples of their wares, and they didn't really have any kind of 'baked' goods, mostly being a candy oriented shop. But they did have this little collection of things with lollipop sticks on a sheet tray, in all different shades and decor. When I asked what they were, the gal behind the counter told me 'cake pops'. Little balls of cake on a stick, dipped in a frosting appropriate for the type of cake, with other added goodies to top them off. Hmmmmm...different.\n\nSo I gathered up two of each. Smores, graham cracker cake with chocolate and marshmallow, rolled in cocoa and graham cracker crumbs. Chocolate, chocolate cake with chocolate frosting and chocolate jimmies. Carrot cake, dipped in a cream cheese-ish frosting with walnuts sprinkled on. Peanut butter chocolate, chocolate cake dipped in chocolate frosting, with peanut butter swirls drizzled on. And finally, mocha toffee, chocolate coffee cake with a chocolate frosting, and chunks of toffee sprinkled on.\n\nThe gal told me that the toffee was made from an old family recipe, so I had to add a chunk of it to my pile. As she she bagged up the cake pops, she started to wrap the chunk of toffee bark and I said 'Uh-huh...just give that chunk of toffee right to me'.\n\nA big burly man with Marvel comics up and down his arms stopped to say hello, and I'm guessing he was one of the owners. \n\nTime to ring me up - and I'm surprised I had the ability to sign the credit card Ipad with my finger. My mouth was full of absolutely sinful chocolate and home made rich toffee. Yay beau, it was GOOD.\n\nIt's a little on the pricey side at $20 something per pound (it seemed like for everything) and ten cake pops and a chunk of toffee came to around $25. I paid and left, heading back to the office with treats that I'd not tasted to pass around as samples to my lovely co-workers. Teeth and tongue assaulting the chunk of toffee, which only made it as far as the alley. It was swallowed and gone before I reached the elevator.\n\nI took my little bag of delights into the kitchen and put them on a plate, and started my walk around the office. This was a test. How would an office of discerning women like the treats?\n\nThe bottom line was: \"Oh my GOD, these are SO GOOD!\" \"Absolutely delicious!\" and, of course \"SINFUL!\"\n\nNow, at these prices, this isn't the 'Need a bag of JuJu bees to curb the afternoon sugar craving.'  That's why they created Rite-Aid.  But if you're looking for something really nice, unique and tasty for a special gift, or a nice touch to an event of sorts, and you have a budget, as well as a specific clientele that you need to please (in our case 'donors'), then Sinful Sweets can definitely fulfill that need.\n\nThe cake in the pops was moist and flavorful. I tried one of the Carrot Cake, and it almost seemed like there might have been some kind of liquor in there. But it was pretty darned tasty. One co-worker, in the process of quitting smoking, sucked on her stick for a half hour.\n\nThey also have a roster of uniqueries, like chocolate covered potato chips, the standard chocolate covered strawberries, and - voila - chocolate covered BACON! \n\nSeriously? Chocolate covered bacon? \n\nSinful!