I'm no veteran of strip clubs, but easily the hottest strippers I have seen were here.  We had a group of 9 for my friend's bachelor party.  We got to go right in without a cover because the cab driver had a hook-up, and also because we bought 3 bottles of vodka (for the price of 2).\n\nShortly after we were in, this smoking-hot Korean stripper takes my hand, and well, next thing I know I'm going for a private session in the back.  She was without question the hottest stripper I've seen, and the $100 was well spent.  She was pretty new to the country, and she liked my \"Touch my Monkey?\" shirt  =D\n\nGot back to our area and started working on the vodka.  Later on this other girl comes up and starts dancing for me there.  I was pretty wasted, kinda lost track of time, and before I knew it, many songs had passed by and I was on the hook for a decent tab--I was too drunk to assert myself in letting her know enough is enough, I was just too lost in the moment to realize or care.  \n\nEven after giving her much more than I should have or intended to, she asked me a couple times if I wanted a ($100) private session.  No thank you, haven't you taken enough of my money?!  (Not that I didn't enjoy it--hey, this is why I did all that extra side work for my old boss over the last couple of months).\n\nIn hindsight, if I was thinking more clearly and knowing I would be spending that much, I would have opted for the $300 half-hour even-more private session with the much hotter first stripper, but it's too late for that.\n\nThat's the only reason I'm not giving 5 stars--my drunken stupidity, but then again, I'm drunk, and the wrong head is doing the thinking.  We really should have gone for the buy 1 bottle and get the 2nd half-off option, because we didn't even finish the 3rd bottle.  Not even close.  Maybe if we were all completely sober, but we were drinking before that at Drai's.  We were down 1 man to a nasty spider bite earlier in the day and also my brother doesn't drink.\n\nWe left around 5:45 AM and stumbled home to the condo we were staying at (free time-share from our friend) and crashed until 2 pm the next afternoon).  Anyway, if you're looking for an after-hours strip-club outing, this is the place to be.