I've tried.  I've tried so hard, Yelp, and I've tried several times.  But I'm just not feeling it.\n\nFor the uninitiated who've somehow stumbled across my review before anybody else's, The Burger's Priest is a Toronto legend.  Frequently cited as the best burger in the city, they've got a few different locations and a massive fan following.  Their beef's ground in-house, and they offer some great add-ons you won't find anywhere else (I'm partial to the panko-crusted fried jalapeno slices, AKA 'Smoke').  The cheese melts into the meat to create a gooey amalgamation that some love and some kind of think is a bit of a mess, but that no one disregards.  It's a burger with merit, and I don't deny that.\n\nBut oh, the problems.\n\nI try to keep my reviews based solely on food, keeping things like surroundings and price out of the picture.  Good food can frequently be expensive, and at the end of the day I'm not eating the wallpaper or the chairs.  I eat because I love food, and that's that.  But dang, this place will try even my patience, and my ability to adhere to that kind of review policy.  \n\nThis is a pretty good burger.  If it wasn't overpriced; if it came on something resembling a plate, to help one manage the mass quantities of grease one has to contend with; and if seating was a thing that existed any time save between the hours of 3 to 4 PM, I'd gladly make this a 4-star review.  But my last visit to the Priest for a double bacon cheeseburger with smoke, some subpar fries, and a can of Coke set me back more than sixteen bucks, which is enough to make me think twice.  I don't mind eating a burger off the folded up paper bag it came in, but holy hell, this thing is a ball of grease brushed with more grease on the exterior of the bun.  It instantly soaks through the paltry piece of wax paper provided as a wrapper, leaving you to try and stuff the thing down your throat as fast as humanly possible.  \n\nPlates are required.  The people taking their order home to where they assumedly HAVE plates are employing the right technique.\n\nAnd then there's the fight for a seat.  Look, I'm not going to penalize a restaurant for the fact that there are hipsters everywhere.  Like raccoons, hipsters are extremely tough to rid from one's premises once they get a taste for your establishment.  But basically, unless you're eating with a strategized team here, you will not get a seat at any but the most awkward of hours.  You will instead watch other people come in ten to fifteen minutes after you, split their party while you wait in line, and post one person to take up a table as the others place their orders.  You will then receive your order, and look at a room filled with people not eating.  People just taking up seats in anticipation of when they WILL be eating, some time in the distant future.  The courteous thing would be to **** off the table and let someone who's ready to eat have the space for a few minutes.  But no.  Instead, the table-holders will give the food-holders nought but glares of territorial disdain, driving people like myself to seek refuge elsewhere.  Check out my review of the McDonald's across the street to see how that went: http:\/\/www.yelp.ca\/biz\/mcdonalds-toronto-16\n\nSeriously.  This place needs a rule that if you don't have your food yet, or at least an order number, you can't hold a table.  And as much as I know it's rough to be hustled out of a venue once you're finished eating, if you finished your burger before I even came into the shop and you've been hanging out for at least 35 minutes that I myself can confirm, it'd be really great if someone gently suggested you give up your table for an actual customer.\n\nFood-wise, the burger's really solid.  That said, I've seen it compared favorably to Holy Chuck, and I don't think the two should even be placed head-to-head.  I'm not going to come here and find something outrageous and wonderful like a three-patty burger where one patty's house-ground beef cooked to order, one's lamb, and the other is made of chopped and compressed bacon.  There are no shaved white truffles on the fries here.  There's no point in comparing the two restaurants because they take drastically different approaches to a shared medium.  \n\nA better comparison would probably be Five Guys, which while a chain fast food burger and thus in a different category, is largely on similar footing minus a few extras. (Again, I totally endorse the fried jalapenos.  I could eat them by the fistful.)  That said, given the choice, Five Guys wins out for me, and will continue to win whenever I don't feel like making the trek up to Holy Chuck.  \n\nI'm glad The Burger's Priest makes so many of my fellow Torontonians happy.  But I have no idea why it does.\n\n\nPS - I'm not sure why people are so offended that this place is cash-only, especially when they courteously have an ATM right on the premises, plus a TD and a CIBC forty yards away.  Carry twenty bucks with you.  S*** ain't hard, son.