My family and I decided to try this place out last night. It's located right next to Carlos O'Brien s, has a nice parking lot layout.  The place is decorated with a Hawaiian theme with flat screens playing surfing videos. \n\nWe ordered with the gal at the front counter and she was SUPER nice and giving recommendations on drinks and such but didn't really tell us what to expect or how the routine was. We didn't realize that you're supposed to get your own silver, napkins, condiments, etc. \n\nWe ordered 3 mains, 3 appetizers, and 2 beers and a tea, and the bill before tip came to over $82.00 which gave us all a little shock. We didn't have a problem with the bill; most places in Scottsdale are about this price BUT usually, the places that charge $20 or more per person also include table service and a set table. \n\nWe had the calamari appetizer, the coconut shrimp appetizer, fish tacos, fish & chips, and a chowder. The calamari was excellent, the coconut shrimp was very decent (good dipping sauce-sweet\/spicy but I suspect frozen). My dad loved his tacos, my mom not so much (she felt like they could have put more fish and less fluff cabbage on it, especially since you're paying over 10 bucks for just two tacos). I loved my fish (great breading on the mahi!) but the chips were obviously frozen shoestring potatoes that they had fried up on order. Don't get me wrong, they tasted decent enough but maybe they shouldn't say everything is made from scratch when it isn't....My husband thought the chowder was nothing special as it tasted like canned chowder soup that they had tossed previously frozen seafood bits into and doctored up. My folks couldn't stop raving about the beers though!\n\nThe food was out to us in under 10 minutes after ordering which surprised us as the dining area was full of people. We had food runner (maybe a supervisor of sorts?) who was nice enough to grab silver and etc for us but he was BAKED. (red eyes, delay in reaction, awkward interactions-the guy was not only baked but was something closed to SUPER baked :P). The guy was really nice but it was pretty darn obvious. \n\nThe food was really good but the casual atmosphere just doesn't match the price points that they have going and almost serves as a deterrent from going on the regular. I would hate to see this place close due to greedy prices but I fear that's the path they are taking :\/