First of all, to echo the sentiments of several previous reviewers, the business model this place operates by sucks hard. There is no way you can reserve a lane - they're only available on a first-come, first-serve basis. Everything has to be paid up front, you have to decide at the outset how long you want to bowl for, and there's no way you can extend your time and keep your lane once you're done. I guess the employees are used to explaining all of these rules to confused patrons because they rattle them off rather robotically.\n\nI came here for a birthday party on a Saturday evening and some people were running late, so we decided to check out the bistro and grab a bite to eat before we started bowling. Upstairs in the \"bistro\" (which you have to walk up a grungy set of stairs to get to), I ordered a small quinoa salad and spiced sweet potato chips. I love sweet potato, and I love chips, but these sweet potato chips were like flavourless, dried flakes of cardboard. The quinoa salad should be renamed as celery salad because that's basically what it was - there was soooo much celery. Maybe salad isn't the right thing to order at a bowl bar bistro, but I'm not planning on rushing back here to test out this mediocre theory. No bill-splitting on weekends in the bistro either, another crappy rule. \n\nWe did manage to get a lane after we were done eating, and the bowling was fun, except for the fact that I'm the worst bowler in the world. I did mangle a fingernail while hurling a ball straight into the gutter, however, so word of warning to the ladies: don't come here if you just got a nice manicure. Also, the washrooms downstairs are dutty and the whole place is so loud (the combined sound of balls being hurdled down the lanes, people whooping and hollering, etc.). I don't care if I sound like an old granny. \n\nFive words: don't believe the hype, people. For bowling, this place is fine. But it's definitely not the palace of fun it seems to advertise itself as.\n\nTo conclude on a positive note, there was a group of 12-year-old boys here that appeared to be having the time of their lives! Ah, to be young again...