I moved to Phx in July 2001, having only visited once during December with friends from Ohio\/Michigan. When it came time to escape Ohio, initially with a very good friend who wanted to move to Tucson to acclimate us to city life (I was raised in a village of 500+- people, including the rural setting of my parents) and within five years move to Phoenix, just so we didn't suffer culture shock. Remember, I'd only been in Phx for 3 days up to that point in my life, with neither friend nor family binding me to Arizona. However, he decided the week before our departure date that he wasn't ready to move so far away from family. I, however, had turned in my month's notice to both my full-time job as a journalist and part-time job at Wal-Mart (don't judge me! The employee discount was worth it) so had to make a decision: Tucson or Phoenix. It was during the final minutes, literally, that I mapped out my trip to Phoenix. See, my dad's a truck driver and I have some of his ability to navigate through cities and states using this amazing invention called an atlas. Thanks to Grandma O'Neill, I had such a magical device in my possession, and wrote out in a matter of minutes the best route to drive my Kia Sportage and U-haul trailer from Northwest Ohio to Central Arizona, avoiding toll roads and steep inclines. Unfortunately, I had to drive through the panhandle of Texas, where I almost decided I'd had enough and was going to return to Ohio. But, I drove on. And on, and on... \n\nWhat this has to do with Pizza Heaven is simply background information. After 2.5 days of driving and sleeping in a truck stop one night, I was ready to settle in and have a filling meal. A pizza, actually. And something that would inaugurate my coming to a new home: Mexican Pizza. Refried bean and cheese and green onions...it's a shame I couldn't find it on their menu after returning a year later. But, PH managed to offer specialty pizzas that filled that void (almost :( ) and has been a stand-by for several events at a friend's house. [My friend's house is outside their delivery range and we gladly pay the extra fee, which says a lot.] \n\nAlthough I've only eaten inside the restaurant twice, and must agree that service tended to be on the slower side, this did allow our groups to mingle more and enjoy the pizza and wine at our leisure. \n\nThanks for the memories, Pizza Heaven. You've remained solid in my heart since the day I drove into town and stayed at the only hotel on the only street I could recall in this wonderful City. I ;hearts& PHX.