This review is overdue, but sadly, I was less than impressed with my experience here...and it was my birthday dinner! During a trip to Vegas, we decided to enjoy a nice dinner out at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant and actually planned ahead so we made a reservation before we got into town. We called the restaurant, requested a nice window seat and told them it was my birthday. Knowing this is a very expensive restaurant, we expected to have the same experience we've had at other expensive restaurants (in Vegas among other cities). We expected to be greeted nicely and for our reservation to be treated with some dignity. When we showed up for our restaurant, we immediately realized that this restaurant is more of a spectacle than the other fine dining options in the area. They let anyone up into the restaurant so it's very congested by the bar, loud and anything but \"special.\" We gave our name for our reservation and the hostess lead us to our table. As I mentioned, we had made our reservations several weeks in advance and asked for a window table. \n\nThey gave us a \"window\" table but that ended up being right next to a huge poll on the opposite side of the restaurant that didn't overlook the Bellagio fountains but instead the run down Bally's pool that was under construction. It was also the smallest table in the entire restaurant. Our lovely romantic dinner on my birthday was turning into a disaster very fast. We decided to ask the hostess if there was any other table available and they said possibly. So we went to the bar to have a drink and waited for another table. About 20 minutes later they took us to another table. This time, it did have a view of the fountain but it was also right in front of the server's station so we constantly had servers on our laps during the meal. After the cluster of getting a table, I barely remember the food and while we still had a good time because we were together, we won't be visiting the Eiffel Tower Restaurant again for a fine dining experience in Vegas. There are so many other places with just as good of a view, better ambiance and much, much better service!