I completely expected this day to come, just not so soon.  I went to Gabby's on King E across from George Brown College after spending the previous half hour listening to my doctor talk about LDL, HDL and triglycerides, yadda yadda yadda.  Even though I'm not in a risk group, I should start watching what I eat, or at least pay attention.  As he spoke in my mind I was completely blaming the Black Hoof Café, all those damn dim-sum places and Dufflets for my predicament!  They were to blame!  \n\nIt was almost like (notice I said like) getting informed of picking up an STD by your doctor and in your mind blaming it on that one night of weakness where you went home with that girl from Devil's Martini just because she showed you a lot of cleavage, or maybe it was that friend who provided you \"added\" benefits, but alas who am I to kid?  It was all my own fault!  There's no one to blame but myself.  Booohooohoo..\n\nSo I was planning on drowning my sorrows at Gabby's with some beer, wings and rings over lunch,as if my last half hour was just a bad dream... but instead I ordered a diet coke, chicken fingers and a salad!! A freaking salad!  It's so true, you CAN'T make friends with salad!!\n\nThe only thing that mildly cheered me up was listening in on all the conversations between these college kids around me, trying to be cool.  I've forgotten what it was like to be young, innocent and thinking I knew everything. \n\nThere was a table of chef wannabes across from me who were talking about the merits of Thomas Keller as if they've eaten at his place a few times over.  Really?  THE Thomas Keller?  As in the owner of the French Laundry which is on one of my 100 things I must do before I die list, and on the S. Pelligrino's World's 50 best restaurants Thomas Keller?  Seriously, would these kids know what a Micheline star was if there wasn't so much food porn on TV?  \n\nThen I listened in on this girl talk about her poker skills and how guys don't want to play her anymore because they complain she wasn't showing enough emotion while playing (which makes absolutely no sense whatsoever).  Now every time she gets a card she supposedly feigns a laugh and that too is annoying her friends..  Boy, if I felt she had more than pocket change in her purse, I'd invite her to a few of my fun games.  It's a different game when you have friends who are professionals.  Here's a suggestion, pick up Doyle Brunson's \"Super system\" then get back to me.  I guess if you don't know you're sounding silly, you just... sound.\n\nThen there were all the conversations about the Olympics. They all had an opinion on everything, such as who should play in goal tonight vs the Russians..  \"Martin Brodeure is like as old as my dad!  He should retire.\" Not only is Brodeure a hall of fame goalie, I'm one year younger than Marty. *sigh*  Anyways, plenty of TVs around as I watched the replay of Joanie Rochette's heartbreaking skate on one of the projector screens and the ski cross on the other oversized plasma.\n\nSo where's the review?  I had a freaking house salad and chicken fingers!  The lettuce was green, and the plum sauce probably came out of a jug.  Leave me alone.\n\nThe service was mediocre as I had to wait 9 mins for the server to take my order during lunch service.  So there.