I've been wanting to stop by here for a good long while now, and I can honestly say that last night was worth the wait. We came here for a later dinner, and were amazed at how much business they were doing. After a prompt greeting, we were seated, and our enthusiastic server (I think his name was CJ?) talked us through the menu. We ordered some sodas, looked over the menu, and decided on dinner. I wanted to get the Dungeness crab, but they were out, so I opted for the King crab. My girlfriend ordered the fried cod, and we decided to split an order of the grilled oysters that were on special. \n\nThe place was busy without being loud, and it had a really cool look on the inside. The sort of place that you can just kick back at, know what I'm sayin'? People have written all over the walls, and it looks like everyone is having a great time. It's easy to get sucked into the vibe here, and that's exactly what they want you to do.\n\nOur food came out, and it looked great. The cod came on a bed of tasty fries, which were slightly breaded and perfectly crispy. The cod itself was really nice also- crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. And the crab... dear god the crab!!! Served in a big plastic bag, dripping in delicious sauce and spices... I've never had crab quite like this before, but I knew that I was in for a treat. I got the trifecta sauce, spice level 2. It had just enough tingle to be noticeable without overpowering the crab flavor, but the sauce was DAMNED tasty. Then our oysters came out, and I was amazed by the plumpness of them. These were some fat-ass oysters! They had some parmesan and tomato topping, with little pieces of bread that were great for sopping up the last bits in the shells. Honestly I'm not sure that I've ever had oysters that fat before, and they were amazing.\n\nSo we ate. And ate. And ate. The king crab was perfectly cooked, and was easy to get out of the shell. One of the great things about king crab is that you pull out these enormous logs of crabmeat from the legs, and this was definitely a perfect example. An added bonus is that they cut the crab at the base of the body so that you have access to that really good meat at the joints, which is some of the best eatin' you'll find on these bugs. All in all, I was thoroughly impressed, and I'm notoriously picky when it comes to my crustaceans.\n\nSo when our meal was done, I knew that I had JUST enough room left to try one more thing without feeling like a slobbitty McSlobberson. So we decided to order a bag of shrimp on the hottest level (Angry Ghost, I think?). They came out, and once again I was amazed by the size of the little fuckers. These were some PRAWNS, daddy-o! Big ol' chunkymunky prawns with the head still attached. Easily shelled, they were big enough to take in two bites. And the sauce was delicious. A little spicy, and I don't think I'd get it THAT spicy again because it overpowers the seafood taste, but the taste of the sauce is delicious enough to hold it's own. Splitting that bag left us both feeling satisfied, and we left with big ol' smiles on our faces.\n\nOne noteworthy part of the experience was the service. Our server was really happy and enthusiastic, and seemed to be thoroughly enjoying what he was doing. He'd stop by every so often for a chat, but it never felt like he was 'hovering'- more like a buddy just popping by that say hi and refill our sodas. When the bill came out, I was a little surprised- I thought that it would have been more expensive. All in all, this place was fantastic and the only reason that I didn't give it five stars is because they were out of Dungeness (apparently it runs out FAST). I don't hold that against them at all, but I can't in good conscience give a place five stars without trying their Dungeness. I can't wait to go back!