There is a waitress here who will play The French Game with you, if you want.  The French Game is where you walk in with your head full of high school French, and try to order and carry on a conversation in French, and she too will make halting small talk with you as you both pretend you're in a foreign country.  \n\nYou don't have to play The French Game.  But I find it rather endearing that they're willing to go along with you.  \n\nI I hope this is what it's like in France; not some overblown pretentious place where the waiters will spit on you if you don't show up in a tux with a beautiful girl at your elbow, but a little, worn cafe in a nice section of town.  The tiles have that sort of can't-be-mopped grit that comes from thousands of feet, and the tables are a little close, but it feels strangely convivial.  You can sit outside and watch the Cleveland locals pass by, which never gets old.  \n\nThe food has a lot of simple French dishes, each cheap and superbly done; they have crepes and chasseurs and kij and boeuf bourguiginon at a  price of about $12 each, and it's routinely delicious.  \n\nThe savory crepes are topped with a little bechamel sauce, folded as flat as a napkin, each inch stuffed with a thin bit of chicken or mushroom or salmon - perfectly done, and good to the last bite.  Their steak au roquefort is juicy, served with French bread with a little white cheese spread over it, and it is delicious.  \n\nThe dessert crepes are also perfection - gooey enough to satisfy my prodigious sweet tooth, yet not oozing so much that it explodes when you try to cut a piece off.  Crepes are a bit of a pretentious thing now, like cupcakes, but there's not an ounce of pretention in these - just quiet craftsmanship, the mark of a restaurant that's served thousands of these and knows what they're doing.  \n\nThe service is good - it gets a tad slow when there's a lot of people in here, which there usually are, but the waitresses are quick to keep your drinks topped off, and the atmosphere is intimate that you should bring either a beautiful woman to talk to, or a wondrous book to read and ponder.  Time moves slowly at La Petit Triangle, but with the gracious slowness of a well-spent afternoon, the kind of sleepy, just-got-out-of-bed slowness that you don't want to end.\n\nOne of Ohio's treasures, really.  Oh, and you can get a full meal, with two drinks each and dessert, for $60 sans tip.  That's a bargain price that really makes it all worthwhile.