Buyer beware! We paid approximately $65,000 for a Desert Springs pool, not to mention we also spent $18,000 for landscaping with them.  The $65,000 was for a 16 ft x 38 ft pool with a depth of 6 feet.  Unfortunately, that is not what we got and they have yet to remedy this situation for us.  \n\nThe pool is 16 ft x 37'8\" and the deepest point of the pool is only 5 feet deep.  We had an in-depth, face-to-face discussion with the salesman, Al McIntosh, about why we wanted a 6-foot deep pool.  The reason why this was so important to us is because my husband is 6'2\" and he did not want to only be only chest deep in our pool in the deep end.  \n\nWhen we went over the contract with the salesman (he was on one side of the desk and we were on the other), he pointed to all the numbers on the contract and verbally said everything that we had wanted and discussed, including a depth of 6 feet.   He wrote a number for depth that they now are insisting is a 5, but does not look like a 5 and does not look like a 6 either (it could be either a 5 or 6).   I didn't realize that I needed to put on my reading glasses and question the number that he wrote down when he was verbally stating exactly what we discussed and what we wanted for our pool.\n\nWhen I called Al McIntosh on the phone, I said to him that I sincerely hope that he was not going to lie and say that we did not spend a considerable amount of time on the importance of the 6-foot depth.  Of course, he did lie and just kept repeating to me that he \"could not recall\".\n\nWe were also just told to read the back of our contract and that 3-5\" is an acceptable margin of error for the length or width of the pool.  Naturally, of course, it is not 4 inches over, but it is 4 inches short!\n\nAdditionally, they are now trying to extort an additional $3,000 from us even though we are paid in full and have all of our documentation that we are paid in full!  I have asked for a specific list of everything that we paid for and they have REFUSED to send it to me.  They just keep sending a 4-line spreadsheet and say we have any outstanding balance due to their accounting error, but it is not their policy to send a detailed statement of each cost.  \n\nAlso, the first time we sat down with the salesman, we made it clear that we only had an 8-foot wide gate to the back yard and that we had 2 air-conditioning units on that side of the house.  He wrote up the contract based on this and then a week (or so) later, he said \"oops, we need to charge you an additional $1500 for your dig because our big equipment won't fit.\"  We were very, very unhappy about this to say the least and they said that they would give us a bargain and only charge us an additional $500.00. \n\nWe also talked to 2 other homeowners in our neighborhood that used Desert Springs (unfortunately, not before we contracted with Desert Springs) and they would also never recommend Desert Springs to anyone.  \n\nAnd finally, they were unable to get our $600 pool remote and pool heater to work and it was over a month and several visits to our home by several different people before things would work.  They also screwed up the installation of our salt system and it leaked like a sieve!  Again, it was quite a while before they managed to get it fixed.  Naturally, nothing worked when we had family come all the way from Ohio (and California) because it took them so long to fix their screw-ups.  \n\nThere are other reputable pool builders in town and we really regret that we did not choose a different builder!