...it was upon my cross-country journey from Atlanta to San Diego that I chanced across this club, purely by luck and coincidence. \nOriginally that evening, I had gone to the Hi-Liter club - which was a mistake. The place was so packed you couldn't even find a seat. I left before the song playing was finished and set out for my next destination; thanks to it's proximity, Sugar 44 was up to bat...\nAnd they knocked it out of the park.\nThe club was refreshingly clean and wasn't too small, but it wasn't a cavern like Hi-Liter. The girls were incredibly approachable, friendly and talkative; the ones up on the main stage didn't seem to care if they were being watched or not, they genuinely appeared to enjoy dancing the pole. That was refreshing. \nWhile I wasn't too thrilled with the VIP area not having it's own seperate room, I'll admit it prevents some of the creepier moments that can happen in the VIP when it IS a room...and still let you have fun with your girl (or girls!) for half of what a lot of other clubs charge.\n\nNearly all the girls had real breasts, no boob jobs, and that was also a pleasantly refreshing thing....well, except for one girl whose tits were obviously fake, because the scar from the operation was disturbingly visible if you were looking. \nNot holding it against her, but like Sir Mix-a-Lot said, \"Silicon parts are made for TOYS\". I like my women real; real personality, real tits, real fun. \nThe girls at Sugar 44 were all three of those. \n\nThe entire staff of Sugar 44 was not only highly professional, they were also incredibly friendly; it felt like I was in a nice little hometown bar that just happened to have really attractive strippers. \n\nIf I ever rode through Phoenix again, I would undoubtedly go back to Sugar 44, and I recommend if you're ever in the area to check them out. You will NOT be disappointed...and if you honestly think this place is too expensive, you don't need to be frequenting gentlemen's clubs. You need to be making a better budget.