Let me preface this by saying I had a horrific experience with someone waxing off half of my eyebrow about 10 years ago and have NEVER let anyone touch them since!\n\nEyebrows are all the rage now, first it was those big puffy trout lips and now it's eyebrows. The world is crazy about eyebrows. Specifically big full eyebrows. Lucky for me I was never allowed to touch my eyebrows, my mother forbid it, so I never fell victim to those parenthesis\/comma eyebrows of the early 90's. I pencil in my brows every so often when I feel the need for extra brow drama but mostly I don't wear a lot of make up. I saw on Facebook that Pure Beauty was running a brow tint and wax special for $25.00. Well, I swallowed my fears and decided to go for it. I could use some fresh brows on my 32 year old face.\n\nI work downtown at gateway center, so this place is not only SUPER convenient if you're a downtown worker but also absolutely easy to get to. I made a lunch hour appointment for the same day, which was awesome because there is no time like the present especially when you're chicken shit like me.\n\nRebecca met me in the front of the salon and took me back to our little corner spa office. She was super friendly and set me at ease the second I walked in. We talked about colors for my brow before she even put anything on my skin. She showed me a few options and even placated me when I kept insisting we go for DARKER. She was spot on with the color, it was almost an exact replica of my current brow shade, maybe just a 1\/4 darker (which is what I was begging for). We tinted away, it was quick and she kept me laughing and calm when I said I was worried about my brows falling out or my skin burning. She explained this product is used on people of many different ages with different skin types and she's never seen anything of that sort happen. Okay, breathe Devin your eyebrows are still on. She wiped off the tint and low and behold! My eyebrows were on \"fleek\" as the young ones say these days. She cleansed my face again and got out the wax. Oh god, this is it, she's going to give me pencil thin eyebrows and I'm going to look like Clara Bow or some sort of 90's pop singer. She waxed away and I proclaimed \"are my brows still there?!?\" she laughed and gave me a mirror. \n\nWhat is this sorcery? My eyebrows were a work of art, the waxing didn't hurt, the few things she plucked were painless. I'm not sure what school of business taught Rebecca how to wax or pluck but she's a goddess and makes something I used to recoil in horror from a very simple and painfree appointment. Don't delay get yourself down to Pure Beauty and get waxed!\n\nTLDR: Rebecca is a brow and wax wizard and you should cancel any appointment anywhere else, she will set you right and send you on your way feeling like you have the greatest brows of all time. Not into brows? She's also a freaking wax wizard.