The good:  Hotel itself is great.  Room had a nice tub and shower, dual sinks, large flat screen. There is a smaller tv screen by the tub, which was great as I did an epsom salt bath after hiking in Zion.  The casino is connected to many restaurants, including Yard House, and also has a bowling alley, arcade, movie theater.  The pool is also very nice with one large main pool and many smaller ones.  Feast buffet is large, but average food (can't expect much from paying 8.99)\n\nThe not-so-good:\n- Located on the western edge of town, 30-minute drive from the strip.  Shuttles are offered to the Fashion Mall, but the last ride back is at 10pm.\n \n- The girl who checked us in was cordial, but very robotic and dead in the eyes.\n  \n- I had just come from 3 days of camping in Zion, so I went straight to the showers.  The strength of the water was very weak and I also noticed that the water was not draining. To prevent flooding, I jumped out and called the desk to either change rooms or have maintenance come fix it.  \n\n- I checked the billing account before checkout and noticed 3 charges from the minibar that we did not utilize.  The minibar tender came up and stated that there have been problems with the computers.  After a few exchanges with the desk and the tender, we finally got the charges reversed.  Turns out that the housekeeper did not restock the missing items taken by the previous occupants, which relayed the charges to my account. \n\n- I checked out at the front desk with Assistant Manager Kirsten J., stated my dissatisfaction with the stay, and asked her to waive the resort fee.  She said no.  I asked if I could receive some sort of credit.  She said no.  I felt that she was trying to finish the transaction as fast as she could to avoid listening to my concerns.  One flat apology and a business card is all I got. \n\nI had high hopes for this hotel.  The amenities are great, but the hiccups in my stay and lack of service from the assistant manager left an unsavory impression.