Located at the New York-New York, Shake Shack is yet another east coast staple bringing more burgers to the Las Vegas strip. The restaurant itself is actually just outside of the hotel, and is currently (may never be, I don't know) not accessible from inside. It's a pretty good size space, and has a ton of seating, from booths to tables, and even some weird, but cool lounge style areas. They've also got their own restroom inside, which is a nice touch. It could just be me, but having to walk out of a restaurant and look for a bathroom somewhere else in the casino is annoying.\n\nNow, when you first walk up the steps and inside, you'll see a big menu board right where the line forms. On more then one occasion during our visit, the line was almost out the door. So, if you're able to find one, I'd look for a paper menu to view while waiting. On that menu, they not only have burgers, but also a few hot dogs and dessert options like milkshakes and concretes. They've also got a decent selection of drinks including draft root beer, several beers choices, wine and even Stumptown Cold Brew. Sadly, it's just bottled and price almost $1 higher then anywhere else.\n\nI ended up ordering a previously limited special burger that they've now but all turned into something that will always be available, according to the cashier at least. It's called the ShackMeister and comes topped with beer marinated shallots, cheese and their own ShackSauce. For whatever reason, they only allow burgers to be cooked either medium or rare, and even those choices aren't listed anywhere. Even so, the meat was decent and seasoned well. I'd highly recommend getting at least a double though, as the patties are only 4oz. My burger had a good amount of cheese on top, and the crispy shallots added a nice texture. They also use potato buns, which I thought was a kind of soggy, but good and still had a little chew to it. The ShackSauce however, was all but impossible to taste. \n\nWe also ordered some cheese fries and milkshakes. The fries aren't anything spectacular on the own, but they're nice and crispy, and the cheese blend they use to top them is actually really good. My malted Coffee Fair shake was pretty tasty and had a nice strong coffee flavor, but it was pretty thin for being malted, and not sure it was worth $6 for how small it was.\n \nSpeaking of prices...I expected them to be up there, but not this high. All the items on the menu are a la carte style and my burger alone was $9. Our order of 2 burgers, 1 fry, 1 drink and 3 milkshakes was $44 and some change. With everything we ate tasting very similar to something like In-N-Out or even Steak 'n Shake, it prevents me from giving them anything other than a 3 star rating.\n\nTheir service however, is well deserving of 5 stars. Our party of 10 and then 2 others who showed up laters were constantly checked on by more then one employee. Because they don't have an actual soda fountain, the employees have to go around checking to see if you need a refill. We were there eating and chatting for well over an hour, and never had empty drinks. \n\nFor visitors, I can certainly see why it'll be popular and do extremely well. It's a decent burger, the shakes are quite good and the service is excellent. But for locals, past trying it for the first time, I can't see many going out of their way for something that's similar to what you can get for half the price from places easier to get to all over town. With that being said, I'd still eat here again, I just won't be rushing back.