Food - Delicious.  Interior - Beautiful.  Everything else - Horrible.\n\nI had high hopes for Sochu House and was prepared for some kinks based on the reviews.  After having my In-Laws come down for lunch on a Wednesday, kinks are definitely what we experienced .\n\nWe were sat at a wet table, thank you for wiping it clean but maybe have a dry cloth as well.  We ordered drinks, after waiting about 10 minutes, and waited another 15 minutes before another server checked on us to which we had to ask about our drinks.  We were then informed that 2 of the drinks ordered, Sapporo Draft, were unavailable.  I canceled the beer order.  Luckily we ordered our food at the same time we ordered our drinks.\n\nHaving Tapas on your menu is great, and when we order food and specifically ask to \"start with...\" I would expect that to be noted.  Instead our food was brought out at random.  We enjoyed the White Truffle Edamame, super tasty.  We also had the wings, spicy and tasty, along with the crispy wanton, very tasty and the sauces that accompanied them were great.  My Wife and her Father had the Pad Thai, I thought it was good, but they said it was spicy.  I enjoyed the lunch special but have since forgotten the name.  We also had the crispy fish salad.  All of the food was delicious and well worth every penny.\n\nWhat put the cherry on top of a \"bad service sundae\" was when a glass of water was spilled in the lap of my Mother In-Law during clearing the table.  When something like this happens it is an accident and easily understood if a simple, sincere apology is given, and maybe even a Manager told about what happened, neither of these were done.  After this we receive our check with our canceled drinks still on the tab, this too had to be brought to our server's attention to be removed.\n\nWhat kept this from being a total rant on bad service is because the Manager stopped us on our way out and asked why one of us had wet pants and whose fault it was.  Had this gone unnoticed I don't think that even the wonderful food could justify a one star rating.   She in turn refunded our bill, thank you. \n\nI do hope that this is one of the last low star ratings Sochu receives.  The restaurant has great potential and a tasty menu to back it up.  Maybe this was a learning experience for us all.