Pane Bianco (PB) is the off-shoot restaurant of the popular local Pizzeria Bianco franchise. However, instead of dealing with just pie, PB is more of a Bakery\/Sandwich spot that also just happens to serve up Pizza. We came here as a recommendation from my sister after a full morning at the Heard, and happened to luck out and found some parking in their tiny, shared lot. Their menu is very limited (for lunch anyways) and consists of a few sandwiches, salads and a pizza of the day. I ordered the Monday sandwich of the day and a pizza for my son.\n\nMonday Sandwich of the Day: Prosciutto, Mozzarella and Basil- The sandwich came out on their signature Focaccia bread and all the ingredients tasted OK together, but nothing really blew my socks off. The Bread, Prosciutto and Mozz were all pretty dry and the combination of them really left me wanting. I'm not sure if I was supposed to top it with the small spoonful of Coleslaw that came with it for moisture, but I was not impressed with that either. The slaw was a bit wilty and overly-seasoned. The sandwich itself was not huge, and hardly worth the almost $15 price tag. 2*\n\nPizza- I think the Pizza of the day was some kind of Potato nonsense, but I was able to get them to sub it out for some Salami. They charged me almost the exact price of the pie as the substitution and doubled its price for just a few slices of meat?! The Pizza itself was just OK, my 5-year-old only ate a few bites and didn't want anymore. Which was a good thing because I was still starving after that underwhelming sandwich! 3*\n\nService & Ambiance- Service was spotty, and not very efficient. I felt like they were preparing for something else and the lunch patrons were just being a bother to them―even though there were only like eight people in there! The interior of PB was my favorite thing about the place: huge, thick-legged wooden tables, \"old\" paintings on the walls, candelabras and sunlight shining in through the high windows really made me feel like I had stepped back in time. Service 2* Ambiance 5*\n\nValue- PB is to value what big-haired ego-maniacs are to politics, that is to say, they don't belong together. Paying almost $30 for an adult and a child for a modest, uninspiring meal is not my idea of anything I'd like to do again. 1*  \n\nI'm still planning on visiting a Pizzeria Bianco on one of my AZ visits, but as far as PB is concerned I doubt I'll be back. Low value, mediocre food and bad service equals no thanks.