Max Fischer: What was your major?\n\nRosemary Cross: I didn't have a major, but my thesis was on Latin American economic policy.\n\nMax Fischer: Oh, that's interesting. Did you hear that they're not going to teach Latin anymore?\n\nRosemary Cross: This was more like Central America. \n\nHa.  Okay.  That exchange doesn't have anything to do with my review of Havana Cafe, only that it dances with the South-of-the-Equator theme.  Which, in actuality, is the same concept of Havana Cafe.  That is, its a Cuban restaurant with heavy Latin American themes. \n\nFirst, and I must emphasize, FOREMOST, their alcohol selection is nothing short of brilliant.  They import an enormous amount of South American and European-cum-Latin influenced wines and serve it both by the ounce and the liter.  Fascinatingly, they have Portuguese reds, which i have been exhaustively looking for, either in-store or dine-in around the valley.  Praise be, I've finally found the place!  They also offer Argentine reds and whites, Chileans Sav Blancs, and Spanish Tempranillos.  Perfect selection, and VERY reasonable for their exclusivity.  Their Douro was a serf-encouraging $8.  That's not very many Escudos, no not at all.\n\nFor beer, they had several unique selections, most notably the inclusion of Argentina's Quilmes.  Honestly, i cannot remember what other selections they had, though i remember being roused by the list, only to be seduced by the Porteno brew of choice.\n\nTheir selection of rums, and the accompanying list of rum cocktails was also impressive, though sadly sans Havana Club Rum due to America's archaic embargo vs the snarky nation of Cuba.  Blast.\n\nWhen the food came out, I was impressed by the presentation.  To start, my gf found it in her gullet to order the hearts of palm\/carrot\/various rabbit food appetizer, which was heavily drowned in vinegar.  i liked it, but she didn't care for it all too much.  My app was the serving of 3 croquetas filled with ham with a side of mildly spicy aioli.  Not bad, but slightly mushy.  Fry them up a couple more minutes and I would have gladly accosted my taste buds with volcanic pork pieces even further.\n\nMy entree was the poached chicken with shrimp and rice, which tasted well and good on the first try, but went up to 11 on the re-heat the next day.  Fucking glorious.  My gf had the stuffed squash with a Jamaican curry cream sauce.  She was thrilled with it because she likes vegetables and shit, and this was the motherload of veggie heaven -- veggies filling veggies like some plant orgy.\n\nOkay, so why the empty star?  \n\nIts pricey.  What was meant to be a casz dinner ended up surpassing the century mark.  Not a problem really, since we got 2 rounds of the good stuff, plus basically dinner\/lunch out of it, but it COULD turn some people off.  All in all, i felt it was slightly over-valued. \n\nStill, this will NOT keep me from coming back.  There is just too much fucking potential here and so many unfurled selections. I've gotta take down their wine list.  I wonder if they offer an around-the-world-wine-club card like some cheesedick chain like The Yard House.  I will be here for as many happy hours and apps as is necessary to finance the country of Cuba and bypass any restrictions put onto me by the governments.  Go here and do your part too.