If this hotel got anything less than a 5 star I would have to question your taste!  I'm not trying to be ugly.  Just being a realist. \n\nFrom the second you pull in you are considered top priority from the valet and guest check in.  Mind you we are in Vegas on vacation with a 5 year old.  Guess what?  That didn't matter in a 4\/5 star hotel.  The second question after our greet was...would the little guy like a cookie.  We said no as we were a bit apprehensive in place like this but what do you know?  The most amazing valet\/host brought us the most UH-mazing cookie for young young Ethan as he settled in.  That doesn't make you the best but it sure makes one comfortable (especially our 5 year old)!  I wish I knew the guys name that started us off...immediate $20 to him just for being him (small change at the 4, ha).  As a restaurant owner we tend to judge a little.  The front desk did not miss a beat and had us ready before we could even finish the purchase of 2 amazing rocks margaritas at the bar.  Yes, we were with child BUT yes we are parents on vaca.  The margs were great and margs make us happy!  Ethan is a restaurant baby and understands.  \n\nSo up to the room and guess what?  Dad is so tired from travel he leaves his laptop bag at the bar.  Maybe a bit excited due to the single cubed marg so kill me cause the walk back from 37 up would have sucked.  Any place else I may have worried but not here.  Called down and guess what?  It was already on it's way up.  Go figure and typical of a Class A hotel.\n\nNext day we enjoy the wave pool, wake pool, vip pool, the pool just because its a pool and the topless...  Well we did not do the topless pool this time as the other 4 pools were fine with child.  Be on the look out for something strangely amazing.  They offer frozen snickers at the pool!  Are you serious?  Why and of course I want one just because!\n\nNever once did we feel out of place here.  I think the only time we were edgy was when we had to outrun the amazing staff offering to turn our beds down for the evening.  Again, we are restaurantuers so we understand the whole hospitality thing but felt we were not worthy of such a service.  \n\nThis place is greatness for families, singles, freshly single, couples, new couples, old folks you name it!  We will definitely be back!  And back!  And back!  \n\nDid I mention we highly recommend this place and may just like it a little???  I thought the Austin 4 was good but I have to double the number in Vegas + 2 = 10