As a vegas local you expect good service right? WRONG!!!! Last night myself and my girlfriend went in what a mistake. We ate in the hooters resturant like we usually do when we visit the casino. So we ordered out food, Curley fries with cheese sauce for an app, Philly Steak and Cheese no onion for my girlfriend, and 10 wings breaded mild for myself. \n\nAbout 20 mins after we ordered all the food came out at once. The fries were ice cold and hard as a rock, my girlfriends sandwhich had onion on it and my wings were over cooked as per usual on a slow night. We have to stop a hostess to find our waitress ( who was horridly miserable) to come over. My girlfriend sent her food back and after about 10 more mintues she get her food. \n\nShe goes to move her pickle out from under her fries (because come on who puts a cold pickle under fries right?!), and much to both of our surprise there is a 3 inch long piece of black hair stuck to her pickle. So we call the manager to come over. \n\nWe explain the situation to David, and he offers to remake the food for a third time and claims to see no hair after I pick up the pickle and show it to him. We say no we dont want to we want to leave. So he says were more than welcome to leave our food has been comped. \n\nSo we leave as we are leaving, I see David talking to another guy who keeps looking over at me, and nodding his head so I stop. David walked back over to me, and I asked what the problem was. He said nothing but you are more than welcome not to return to the resturant. I asked him why he said oh because we obvisiouly cant make you people happy. Ok fine. \n\nI go back today and speak with Bill the general manager. He also tells me every time you people are in here theres always an issue. You are always talking to a manager or complaining about something. It would be in your best interest not to come back. \n\nOk first off the customer is always right, secondly you people is kind of demeaning to me and I take that as an insult. third I myself and my girlfriend know most of the people in the resturant personally that why were always talking to managers. \n\nI WILL NOT be returning to hooters anymore until the higher management staff is changed or they will admit they were in the wrong. I have never been treated so poorly in my life and will make sure this gets out to Hooters Of America!