BEWARE \n\n-- If you have any kind of special needs or have a special request, DO NOT COME HERE!!\n-- I am sensitive to UV light emissions.  They assured me that it would be no issue changing out to \"regular\" incandescent bulbs when we made the reservation. When I called back to confirm, the \"engineer\" had left a message that there are only LED lights so there are no issues.\n-- To my dismay, the room we found not only had LED lights but also lamps in the walls with flourescent lights which does emit UV rays. So I called down to request to have them changed out. The \"engineer\" responded that would not be possible. HUH?  They can't find 4 regular incandescent bulbs that can easily be purchased anywhere??   \n-- I have found two types of hotels responses to my lighting issue:  Either they are customer-oriented or frankly they don't give a rats-ass.  Red Rock falls under the latter category.\n-- You may think that I'm being too picky. Is it too picky when you have health requirements?  We, as a population, are getting older, and with age comes a myriad of health issues.  And hotels such as Red Rock will find that with such lack of concern where they cannot be bothered with potential health concerns, us folks, who are not in our 20s blooming with health, will not be willing to patronize them.\n-- Frankly, if it wasn't for the fact that we were at the hotel due to a convention and prepaid by the hosting company, we would have left and gone to a much better hotel on the Strip.\n-- Lastly, the enclosed shower smelled AWFUL like an open sewer. Clearly the drain needed cleaning out. It smelled like something died in there. During showers we had to breath through our mouths; it made you gag if you breathed through your nose. Given the total lack of response from their engineer to the prior request, we didn't see the point in trying to get it rectified.\n-- To add insult to injury, for some reason during our last day there (was there 3 nights), housekeeping failed to clean our room whatsoever. It figures.....