I have always had my eye on Squeeze In. In the same small shopping area think just about been to every restaurant. Breakfast and Lunch spot always peaks my  interest. On this day after full brick workout for triathlon training. I was in need of hearty breakfast\/lunch. Squeeze In was the perfect spot!! One that see many more recovery meals in my future. \n\nOne of the first things that stood out is the alien out front or the chicken chalkboard with the specials of the day. I was thinking (cause this was my first visit) something that see along famous Route 66. I never been just fyi. Once walk in got that total vibe plus whole lot more of everything. Different writing on the walls, vinyl cover albums, and just straight up melting pot of personality everywhere you look. I LOVE it!!! The personality not stop from the minute you walk in the front door. They welcome you with open arms, warm greeting, and definitely get the whole family run business vibe from the workers. The menu talk about personality from the different names for most part every dish. The sandwich I got if want break it down club sandwich they call \"Beautiful Bonnie\". The random alien in the menu. lol. Colorful menu, few pictures of the food, and alcohol list (not often see decent one at breakfast\/lunch spot). The kitchen bottles old school in plastic bottle just one color red. Old school diner vibe throw that one in the mix. \n\nThe food like mention went with the \"Beautiful Bonnie\". It truly was Beautiful!!!! The thing that for starter stood out nothing fancy about it but just look hearty, healthy, and hell of good. The waitress asked if wanted three or two pieces of bread. Tradition got go with three. Talk about lot of carbs. The thing that made this club stand out as the best one ever had in life. Not only just the freshness of all the ingredients. Adding the thin slice of carrots. It gave the club different texture. Crunch. Combine it with classic turkey (that add on), alfalfa sprouts, avocado, tomato, and mayo (they ask if want it or not). No bacon in it. It nice REFRESHING sandwich and really the best recovery sandwich any endurance athlete needs post workout. I got fries or could substitute soup of the day. Waitress recommended garlic fries instead. I was like first time why not. It was pretty solid. Not over the top with the garlic but just the right amount. I wanted bowl of soup so got the clam chowder. It was ok. \n\nI definitely will be back to try some of the breakfast items. I saw some of the pancakes coming out of the kitchen. They were looking really good. The french toast that just looks like da bomb. They have breakfast club program. Free. I signed up. It takes less five minutes and worth five minutes especially if plan on coming back. They have yelp check in get free drink! The good kine alcohol one!!!! \n\nThe service is five stars without doubt. Everyone is super friendly, and it was my first time the upgrade with the garlic fries good call. I would never think about if my waitress not mention it.