Beware of the Elmwood Spa!! My boyfriend and I decided to try something different and went to Elmwood Spa on Saturday to celebrate my birthday. We went in to the common room where they have a steam room, pool, and hot tub. The whole place seemed a little run down and dirty - which surprised me, as we spent $330 overall on our package! There was a dirty film around the hot tub which looked like it had not been cleaned for some time. I overheard the cleaning ladies say how the pool looked filthy and that one of them better go and clean it right away. I went to the locker room to get ready for my massage, and the battery for my locker died, so I was locked out of my locker. I went out to tell the receptionist. She said that when it beeps too much it means the battery is low. She brought some ghetto looking tools and proceeded to pry the locker open. I thought it was strange that she never asked me what was in my locker, or for any name, or any identification to open the locker! She only asked me which one!!\nThe massage was  just ok. I go to Toronto Bodyworks usually and they have always given me a good RMT, so I was definitely disappointed as there was no comparison. When we finally went to leave and my boyfriend went to pay, he noticed that the cash he brought to pay for our spa package had been stolen from his coat pocket.  He had told me that he had the same issue with his locker battery as I had, so he left his locker open briefly, for fear he would get locked out. He went to take a quick rinse and within that few minutes. someone went into his jacket and took his cash. We both find this very strange. Considering the time he was in the shower, it's like someone who worked there must have been watching him. Otherwise how would it have gotten taken so quickly? All very disconcerting. All in all, what a birthday nightmare! My poor boyfriend ended up having to pay from his savings for our spa package! We told the front desk what happened and they gave us the manager's number. They didn't seem to care about our concern about the lockers, or the stolen money. They didn't even offer us a discount or any sort of apology for what happened in their facility. I have spoken to friends and family about this and we all feel that it had to be an employee who stole the money. There is no other way that anyone else would have been paying that much attention to search his jacket that quickly and take the money from his wallet. And the incident with them opening my locker without even asking me what was inside shows a serious breach in security.  Next time we will certainly choose a different spa to say the least and we suggest you do the same!