I read an article many years ago that actually drove me to their bakeshop on my lunch break that same afternoon, and all to try the irresistible cookies they mentioned in the featured article.  I admit I do not like walnuts nor am I a fan of coconut, but the article said the 'Urban Cookie' (yes, the same name the store is named after) is a MUST try, so....I ordered the original urban along with 'Simple Urban', 'Urban Tropic', and 'Urban Trail' (their only 4 cookie flavors available at that time).  And........I fell in love with Urban Cookies at first bite.  \n\nThe Urban cookie has layers of 60% dark chocolate, rolled oats, toasted walnuts and gourmet coconut bits.  YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS COOKIE AT LEAST ONCE IN YOUR LIFETIME.  It should be on every persons bucket list!  Serious.  Unless you are allergic to any of the ingredients, please throwout your ideas of what you dislike as I would've never found the BEST COOKIE EVER had I allowed my distaste for walnuts and coconut to get in the way.  I love this cookie so much that I have spent many lunch hours, post work errands and weekends driving to this charming and quaint bakeshop.  I light up like a little kid every time I walk in this store.  Just thinking about it makes me want to get in my car and drive there now.\n\nIn addition to their Urban Cookie I have also tasted the other 3 original Urban cookies offered up.  The Simple Urban is their spin on the classic milk chocolate cookie while the Urban Trail is what I believe to be their urban spin on the ever popular classic oatmeal raisin cookie.  Now let's talk about the 4th Urban, the Urban Tropic.  This cookie is an unexpected combination of sweet coconut and chunks of dried tart pineapple, and it happens to be my (unexpected) runner-up fave cookie to the Urban Cookie.  Again, throw out your likes and dislikes and try all of them, including their newcomers:  Peanut Butter, Double Chocolate with Sea Salt and Snickerdoodle.  They're all deliciously perfect, but ALL the Urban's remain my favorites.  \n\nIt wouldn't be fair to talk about their cookies if I didn't mention the birth of OllieCake in 2009.  The name may sound familiar since OllieCake took home FIRST PLACE on Food Network's CUPCAKE WARS, season 3.  They offer 12 flavors and depending on time of season they also offer up \"seasonal\" flavors.  \n\nLucky for all of us Urban Cookies and OllieCake both call the 7th Street bakeshop home.  Can't decide between a cookie or cupcake - you don't have to.  Order both.  I especially love the homemade ice cream cakes and cookies they add to the menu during the spring and summer months as a way to cool off!   \n\nUrban Cookies will always have a special place in my heart.  Many years ago my sister found out (from who, remains unknown) that I love this place, and well, customized a package for me asking me to be her Maid of Honor.  She asked me several different ways, but this was one was my favorite since I had no clue she knew of my \"secret\" cookie shop!  So, since I may have forgotten to tell you that they also do custom gifts, do checkout the gift options on their webpage.\n\nI hope you stop what you're doing right this moment and drive to Urban Cookies\/ OllieCake for a life changing moment.