Absinthe is by far the best show I've seen in Vegas. Literally encompassing every single thing that makes Las Vegas unique, I was laughing & howling for a full 90 minutes. Fair warning, though, this show may not be for everyone. The humor is obnoxious & rude, with endless blatant sexual references, as well as plenty of race & gender jokes. The acrobatics were incredible, though, as were the vocal pieces & dance sequences. This is definitely a good mix of all the Vegas shows I have seen, yet with its own twist.\n\nI'll note that seating is very eclectic - bar stools from nearby thrift stores, evidently - and even I of a modest weight found them a bit uncomfortable. I was also disappointed to not have anywhere practical to hang my small purse as my seat back was curved. One of my group bought bags of popcorn for a few of us, and I ended up giving mine away simply because I ran out of hands.\n\nI'll also mention that drinks are a bit pricey, but are a fair size. My cranberry & vodka was about $20 but featured a stiff pour & I was able to nurse it throughout the second half of the show. As our seats were near the bar, I was able to get this drink without missing any of the action. I also bought a bottle of water for $8.\n\nAnother important note, no bathrooms are in the tent. Not a big deal for me, but the walk to Hell's Kitchen & back would've meant missing several valuable minutes of this insane show. Re-admission was super easy with a hand-stamp, and they have planned for that.\n\nSpeaking of planned-for situations... my boss & his friend were running late to the show, but I had his tickets. After inquiring with the suited gentleman directing us to the entrance, he advised that another gentleman would hold the tickets for my boss, and my boss would only need to mention that man's name. Although this sounded sketchy, I did as I was told, and was relieved to see my boss enter about 30 minutes later. Maybe the guy's name changes every night - who knows. But they were all very pleasant and helpful, so I wasn't worried.\n\nI would absolutely see Absinthe again... and again. I have never laughed so hard for such a prolonged period of time. #ProTip: Vegas.com has cheaper tickets than Ticketmaster.