I've been to this place a couple times and between the last visit and this visit the menu has changed a bit.  The new menu now has photos of all the dishes so those that don't know can get an understanding of what you're ordering if you're not familiar with this type of fare.\n\nBasically shish are grilled meat chunks on a stick and kofte are more like ground meat ball type portions.  Plates are served with a variety of veggies and\/or salads and come with white rice and bulgur.  Bulgar is wheat but it's cooked in such a way that it sort of has the consistency of rice.\n\nYesterday my wife had ordered a beef shish plate and I had the mixed plate which included a lot of meat.  The mixed had a shish of chicken and beef, a kofte of both chicken and beef a spicy adana which is sort of a spicy lamb kofte meat.  \n\nThis restaurant is sort of like a cafeteria that has sort of halfway table service.  It's hard to explain.  You can walk up to the counter and order or have them come to your table to take your order.  You can help yourself to drinks in the fridge by the counter and be charged at the end.  \n\nThe plates you are served on are paper and the cutlery is plastic and there's a tip jar at the counter too and when you pay you have to come up to the counter so it's not exactly full serve... like I said it's like a hybrid of a cafeteria style and table service.\n\nThe food I had was good and the meat was plentiful.  The mixed plate is just under 20 bucks but getting 5 different types of meat with bulgur, rice and flat bread is a lot to eat.\n\nThe two plates with drinks eat in after tax was just over 40 bucks.  \n\nI like the food here and it's a nice change of pace with flavorful options.  \n\nWhile it took a while to get our food prepared we were only 2 people.  There was a huge party beside us maybe a dozen people or so.  Based on how long it took for us to get our food I could only imagine how long it would take to be served if you were there after this large party.  It's a family run place and they don't serve quick but they are friendly and the food is good quality.