Now jumping back to Las Vegas!  City of Sin!  (FOOD! FOOD! FOOD!)  Sometimes I do feel very guilty for eating all that food while I'm in town.... hmmmm....ok.. I'm over my guilt!  What's next?\n\nThe next up is the Bayside Buffet in Mandalay bay!\n\nI'm sort of surprised by some of the so so reviews for this place because every time I've been here whether it's just 2 people or a party of 6+, we've always had great meals.  Although I can understand that buffets starts to look all the same after a while but still, you can taste if the food is done right or not and that should be the main focus of the reviews.  So here is what we've had... (it's a party of 5 this time around for lunch!)\n\nSalad:  Little disappointed this time around because they had the bomb spinach salad... it's now nowhere to be found but just make your own salad.  Oh well, that shouldn't be my main focus anyway.\n\nPizza:  Decided to try the BBQ chicken.  Very comparable to CPK's BBQ except it doesn't have all the onions and other little veggie groups like CPK, but still it was tasty.  \n\nHot meat section:  Unlike other buffets where eat stations are named differently, I don't recall there was a name to each of the areas but just simply a wrapped around line of food, so I'll call it the \"hot meat section!\"  Osso Buco was extremely tender and the flank steak was actually moist and soft!  No dry at all!  Then they had this thick piece of beef (can't recall what it was now) but it literally was so soft that by using you fork you can make it flake off from the entire piece of meat!  Everyone in the group was very much raving about this.  (I think it was part of the shank which is why it's so juicy and soft!)  Then the typical prime rib, ham, etc...\n\nCustom pasta station:  A chef is behind 4 stoves with all the toppings you would want on your pasta served with I believe 3 different sauces (Alfredo, Marinara, and olive oil)  Very fresh and delicious looking, but I passed on the carbs to move to bigger and better things... \n\nHot Seafood Section:  Some typical Salmon, fried shrimp, steam halibut, etc.  Everything was decent and tasty, but nothing to get too crazy about except for the battered shrimp.  It was fried to perfection and each of them are XXL sized shrimp!  So you really get to have the shrimp instead of having the breading just like many other places.\n\nEthnic food section:  For some reason wasn't too into this today.... so passed on the Chinese\/Mexican\/Japanese fare with the exception of having couple pieces of sushi (California roll actually tasted good with fresh rice because some of the sushi in Vegas had Costco-like rice which is really nasty.. so it's refreshing to see at least this buffet is having good rice even though it's not a sushi restaurant)\n\nDessert section:  My only gripe about this dessert is that it didn't offer much of a ice cream selection.  However, they did have this trio of sugar-free purees (tiramisu, Hazelnut, Pastachio)  All were absolutely wonderful tasting with right amount of creaminess and right amount of aroma infused into them.... since they were small so I had like 6 of them!  LOL!  But dessert could be little better than others on the strip for a hotel such as Mandalay bay hosting this buffet.\n\nFinal Verdict:  Everyone still enjoyed this buffet and again I had no complaints.  I did however had less than usual because I took many small samples of it all and wasn't too hungry at that moment..  (I'm sure you all probably thinks I'm crazy now!  LOL!  Like.. what's up with this guy?  Does he have an endless stomach talkin' about that's not much food?  LOL!)  But Bayside Buffet is still one of the more enjoyable buffets on the strip if you ask me!  \n\n(Also, while you are at the casino, make sure you take a nice deep breath of coconut air!  Just stay away from the more smoky part of the casino.  It's actually pretty refreshing!)