Korova is one of my favorite bars, and I was only there as a tourist.  In fact I have to thank Yelp! and the people who reviewed it or else I'd have never gone much less knew about the place.  \n\nI recently finally put paid to a long time yearning to see Montreal.  Before I left I had the benefit of plenty of young locals whom I could reference for night spots.  Montreal has a ton of night spots, but I wanted to seek a place or two that were \"my speed\" if you will.  That meant dive bars.  Well having been to Montreal now I can't say that I'm surprised that Biftek was mentioned.  That lead to me Yelping and finding Blue Dog and then this place.  So my first night out was a Saturday night and being the solitary traveller I was, Biftek was too crowded and Blue Dog was dead.  That's not to mention that I was really sort of set on checking out Korova based on what I'd read here on Yelp!  \n\nWell I spent a good hour trying to find the place.  I'd brought instructions with me on my trip, but I left them in the hotel room that night.  So while I knew I'd passed it on Saint-Laurent at some point, I couldn't remember exactly where it was supposed to be.  The folks I spoke with couldn't help either, which tells me that this place is a best kept secret.  Eventually I found it the next day, but sadly that was a day late.  Anyway, you're looking for the place the sign is small and it's an upstairs bar so it's easy to miss in the line of all the other bars and clubs on Saint-Laurent.   \n\nSo I hit up the bar on a Sunday night.  I read in the local paper that it was being DJed and it was \"garage\/punk\" night which is largely right up my alley.  So I headed out at about 10pm.  Well when I got to the bar I was the only patron there.  Literally.  The DJ came upstairs as I came in and it was just he and the bartender.  This turned out to be a blessing as both were really cool guys and despite being out by myself I felt right at home.  In fact I ended up staying all night and closing the place.  I had such a great time that I knew I'd be back the next night.  One thing I will say about that night though is that despite it being \"garage\/punk\" night, the music did change towards the end of the night as some people came in to dance and the DJ being as good as he was changed it up for the crowd.  Now I'm a bit of a music snob and while I preferred the garage music, I could appreciate the music being changed up for the crowd.  \n\nMonday night rolled around and I headed back for a second night at about 10:30.  Now this night was to be more of a \"dance\" night with more of a college crowd.  Anyway, I'd met that night's bartender the night before and looking forward to another fun night out.  Well they'd just opened at 10 and I was the first person there again.  However a small group of locals came in shortly there after and took over the foosball table.  As the night wore on the college crowd came in and the tiny dancefloor area picked up.  As the night wore on I met more people and had another great time.  It was a great too because the locals and the college kids were all mixed in just fine.  All in all it was a fun and memorable night that I won't soon forget.\n\nAs for the bar itself, like I said before, it's a dive bar.  It's cool though and it has it's own distinctive style.  It's a bit small, but definitely not tiny.  They wall have an elk trophy and a moose trophy and that sort of decor.  There's a foosball table and a pool table.  Apparently they used to have old-school video games (like Pacman) as tables,but those are gone now.  The bathrooms have really cool saloon-style swing doors that are actually kind short.  Then behind the bar you've got the Pabst fridge, which for a Milwaukee guy is cool to see.  \n\nI loved my trip to Montreal and I definitely plan on going back again for a number of reasons.  Near the top of that list is Korova.