I recently hired Smooth Transition Movers to handle my office move, on the recommendation of someone in my building who was also moving. They asked me to do a review, so I agreed. I just have to be honest that it's not going to be quite as glowing as they might have hoped. Don't get me wrong; they did a competent job, especially with navigating a two-story building with no elevator (how is that possible in these days of ADA?). I think the concern was more communication. I first contacted them by phone about a month before my planned moving date, and the guy I talked to, Alex, was super nice and said he would be emailing me a confirm and cost estimate. However, it never came, so I had to follow up with him weeks later and he apologized and sent it right away. Also, he delivered some boxes for me to pack some of my stuff myself before moving day, but he placed them in the lobby of my building where I never go because there is a side door that is closer to my office. Luckily he called to let me know he had dropped them off. I asked why he hadn't brought them to my actual office suite, and he apologized and offered to do so. I declined and with some physical effort managed to schlep them to my office. They turned out to be used and not in the sturdiest condition and many still had labels on them from someone else's move, which I had to remove or cross off and remark for my use. Then a week or so before the move, I emailed requesting a few more boxes as I was running low. I never heard back so I bought some boxes myself. I emailed them later to let them know I didn't need any more boxes. Then I called the day before the move to make sure we still were on since I did not hear back at any point regarding the additional boxes. Alex said he had been emailing me all along but then said he didn't know anything about my request for additional boxes. What?!? On the day of the move, a call came in between 9 and 9:30, the time block in which the movers said they would arrive, and since I didn't recognize the number I let it go to voicemail. I listened to the voicemail message and it was Kevin from Smooth Transition saying the move was scheduled for 9:30 (what?!?!) but they were ready to come over now. If I wanted them to come early I was to call; otherwise they would wait until 9:30. I called back but the call went to voicemail and the voicemail box was full. To my surprise they arrived at about a quarter after. I told Kevin I tried to call but that his voicemail box was full so I couldn't leave a message. All he said was he never saw the call as his ringer was off. If you work for a moving company and are on the clock, wouldn't you ensure that your voicemail box was NOT full and that your ringer was NOT off?!? He brought two guys with him, and all three were friendly and even somewhat chatty. The only bad thing with the actual move was I told them not to take my cleaning supplies (including my upright vacuum) in the move as I was going to use them to clean out my old office after they had moved everything out. They ended up taking everything over and then I had to take it back to clean. Not a biggie; only a few blocks as it turned out, but still. I will say that when I got the bill it was about 50 percent more than the estimate (took them about an hour and a half and the estimate was for an hour). However, they don't appear to have charged me for the boxes they did deliver. LOL! ;) Would I hire them again? Maybe, maybe not. Not a bad experience, just not great, and you don't want any surprises or extra frustration when you're moving.