THIS CHURCH IS A CULT AND THIS CHURCH IS OF SATAN!\n\nThe leaders of this church name Jack and Linda. They preach that in the bible it says that there are two gods. Jack and Linda preach that this dead Korean man name Ahnsahnghong is Jesus Christ and they also preach that this South Korean name Zahng Gil-Jah is god the mother. Ahnsahnghong use to be a buddhist and then he join an Seventh day Adventist Church in 1947. Then in 1948 he was baptized. Ahnsahnghong didn't preach an complete 37 years according to our modern day calender, he only preached 36 year and 9 months, because they say he started preaching May of 1948 when Israel became an country but then he died in Feburary of 1985. So if you add this up it equals to 36 years and 9 months that he preached. Jack and Linda are liars and they are false teachers.  Do not listen to what Jack and Linda say or what their members say because they are liars and they are preaching an false gospel, that is leading people to Hell. In the Bible it never says that there are two gods. It clearly says that there is one God. In Isaiah 45:5 it says\" I am the Lord, and there is no other apart from me there is no God.\" Isaiah 43:10 You are my witnesses, declares the Lord, and my servant whom I have chosen, so that you may know and believe me and understand that I am he. Before me no god was formed, nor will there be one after me.  1 Timothy 2:5 For there is one God and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus. Jesus Christ is the only Savior not no one else. In the Bible it says in the last days there are going to be false Christs that will rise up. Meaning that in the last days there are going to be many people that will claim to be Christ but they will not be Christ. These false christs will deceive many people.\n\n  They also preach that the Sabbath day is on an Saturday and that other God's feasts fall on this and that day of the year. But they fell to realize that our calender has been changed. If you want to celebrate God's Sabbath day and God's feasts you have to use the same calender that Moses and the ancient Jews used. Starting back in the 1500's England, the European countries and the USA start making changes to our calender. For example they took 10 days out of the month of October in the year 1752. They also took 10 days out of the month of September. They changed the beginning of the year from March 25th to January 1st. So 9 out of ten they are celebrating the Sabbath day and God's feasts on the wrong days. If you want to celebrate God's feasts and Sabbath days you would have to follow the exact same calender that Moses and the ancient Jews had. There are many articles about our calender being changed over the internet please read them. You can't go by our modern day calendar because our modern day calender is wrong and it has been changed.  PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THIS CHURCH BECAUSE IT IS OF SATAN AND IT IS DEMONIC. \n\nVanessa Martin