I really hate giving places 1 star reviews, but in this case, it was very well deserved.  We came here around 10 or so and the place was pretty much full, and by full, I mean all 10 or so of their tables were occupied.  Fortunately, there were tables outside, so we grabbed one despite the clouds looming overhead.  \n\nWe sat there for a little while and enjoyed the cooler weather and perused the menus.  I was immediately turned off after noticing that almost everything on the menu contains onions.  Of course you can just ask for them to be removed, but for many people, they simply won't order something because of that.  We sat there for a while and the waitress finally came back to take our drink order, but specifically said we couldn't order our meal yet.  WTF, we're ready, and this is already taking long enough.  When she comes back out, entirely too much later, I ordered the starter which is two eggs, toast, and hashbrowns.  \n\nOnce our order was put in, we didn't see the waitress for another 30 minutes.  This is unacceptable for breakfast.  I was watching the window like a hawk and noticing the awfully slow rate at which food was going out to tables who were there well before we were.  The clouds decided to have some fun with us and began raining.  It got progressively worse until two of the outside tables went inside and stood, waiting for their food.  You'd think they would maybe expedite the food or something.  We stuck it out for about 5 more minutes and then gave up, realizing our food was never coming out.  We paid for the chocolate milk, and left.  The sad thing was, they didn't even do anything to rectify the situation.\n\nThis place is an absolute joke.  If you cannot handle the business you are receiving with the staff you have on hand, you need to hire more.  Not only that, but they need better servers.  The couldn't care less attitude of this place is pathetic.  I don't blame them one bit for the raining, and I certainly don't blame them one bit for being busy.  I do blame them for being careless and quite frankly, terrible at their jobs.\n\nI kid you not, we went next door to the Filiberto's and got breakfast in less time than it took for us to even get our drinks.  Avoid Red Bird Cafe at all costs!