I went to Dr. Duncan Friedman for several years and overall I think she is a terrific person. Same can be said for her staff. I was probably one of the most difficult patients ever. I no-showed, cancelled last minute, called for urgent appointments, like generally the worst. Any other practice might have banned me or at least called me out for my crappy behavior but the staff was just so nice to me. They did a great job taking care of my mouth and Dr. Duncan Friedman was so always patient and understanding with me. I'd put off certain non-essential procedures and she'd gently remind me of them without pressuring me and would even tell other staff to stop hassling me if she overheard them lecturing me. Generally, a great lady. Also, Stacy the hygienist is the bomb dot com. I genuinely loved seeing her when I went for visit.\n\nI did have a couple of strange experiences that helped nudged me to switch practices. A few years ago, I was laid off. Naturally, I had to tell the practice as my insurance had changed. A few weeks later I found out that an acquaintance I referred to the practice years ago had been told by the staff at this practice that I'd lost my job. I'm sure this was mentioned as part of small talk but I found it a bit violating. I wasn't advertising from the rooftops that I'd lost my job and having my business make it to people I barely talked to bummed me out. I never confronted them about it and I'm sure it was an innocent mistake but still not totally professional. I got a much better job a few months later so water under the bridge.\n\nSecond, Dr. Duncan Friedman has been joined by her daughter and son in law at the practice. The last routine cleaning I had started well enough. The hygienist wasn't my favorite but she was fine. Then son in law Dr. Mangini came to look at my teeth. He looked them over and then announces that the biggest thing he notices is that my smile is unattractive. Oh, alright. He tells me my gums are hiding my teeth and my smile is much too gummy and I can have surgery to remove some of my gums. Apparently, I actually have \"normal\" size teeth; they're just hidden by my gross gums. He asks if I have any interest in doing anything about this. I firmly say \"No.\" Undeterred, he continues telling me about the strides in this surgery, the short recovery time, how much better I'd look post procedure. Here's the thing, I don't wear makeup, I was wearing running clothes, I just generally don't give a crap what I look like. If I can't be bothered to put a comb through my hair, I certainly am not going to have my gums chopped off to improve my smile. Thanks, dude, but I'm good. He finally leaves then the hygienist starts in about how her girlfriend had this procedure done and she looks so much better. I'm just sitting there dumbfounded, trying not to cry. It's one thing to let people know what options are available to them; it's another to berate them about a problem that doesn't exist in their life. It was like going to your PCP and having them say \"Oh my, it looks like you're only an A cup. You know there's a procedure available to fix that! The recovery time is nothing! You'd look so much better! Seriously, think about it!\"\n\nOverall, I'm glad Dr. Duncan Friedman took such good care of me and I will miss her. However, in the end, dental visits are uncomfortable enough as it is and I decided it was time to check out another practice. People who enjoy a friendly, warm environment would love this practice where hugs are freely exchanged. And, individuals who are concerned with their dental aesthetics would be great fits as well.