I have to rant and rave for a few minutes, because this place is truly special! \n\nSo, Robin des Bois, meaning Robin of the Woods, refers to Robin Hood - the concept behind this restaurant is 'take from the rich to give to the poor', meaning all proceeds go to support four different local charities in Montreal. Even if you're not rich, you will feel it after experiencing this fantastic restaurant-with-a-heart. \n\nI came to Robin des Bois as a volunteer, not a patron (though I will definitely go back to eat the food). In fact, all of the wait staff are volunteers from the community who sign up for a certain number of tables to wait on, and then go out and do their best. To be honest, I had never in my life worked a table before my first night here, but all of the staff are so kind and helpful, ESPECIALLY the very charming manager, Luc, that I found my feet soon enough and helped out wherever I could. I don't speak French very well so I was a little bit shy with people, but everyone was super understanding and gracious. A lot of the wait staff, however, are people who come back to volunteer regularly (because it's so much fun) and they really know their stuff. \n\nThe FOOD LOOKED AMAZING and I wished I was eating every single dish that I delivered. OMG. It's fine dining, my friends. And, the desserts! The volunteer wait staff and kitchen staff were well fed, too, though! Everybody got delicious nacho soup - the best I've ever had, with fresh chunks of avocado, cilantro, toasty chip bits - nom nom! Not only is the food exceptional, but at the front of the restaurant is a selection of local preserves made entirely by volunteers and all from ingredients from local small farms or rooftop gardens! Pickles till the cows come home. \n\nIf you're a \"people before profits\" kind of person, this is the best place to put your money where your mouth is, literally! The interior is beautiful, like a deluxe, somewhat aged theatre with a lovely piano and warm décor. There are plenty of romantic nooks to dine with your favourite person, or whole sections for large parties. I'm really hoping we can have a Yelp Elite event here sometime!