We needed a break from hotel catering food or pricy foods in the hotel restaurant. I actually really wanted In n Out burger that was only about a half a mile walk; however, I guess it was in the sketchy area and it was too hot to walk. Bobby's Burger Palace was next door to the Aria, and it became more attractive by the minute since it was close and I have never tried it before.\n\nThere was a time when I thought Bobby Flay was pretty flay for a white guy. Then, he got on TV way too much and exchanging toothy smiles with Giada and divorced my fave prosecutor Alex Cabot aka Stephanie March. Not flay. Not flay at all.\n\nHowever, the burger palace was aaight! First off, looking at all the prices of the burger at $9.50, it was very refreshing. They could just put one price on the top that all burgers are $9.50 instead of listing the same price on each burger. It's pricy for burger but it's Bobby Flay right? Plus, around here, it was a bargain. It's probably the only thing under $10!\n\nMy business associates were buying lunch though I insisted on buying. Now, the price got even better for me. I was sick of red meat so instead of getting half a burger, I actually tried the turkey burger LA style or California style. I forgot truly but it was that type of style with avocado, tomatoes, etc. It sounded light for a burger; thus, it sounded good to me. My two colleagues got the brunch one and the blue burger.\n\nWe ordered upfront and it was awesome that you could order beer if you wanted to. We were eating during work so we couldn't drink but that was great that we had the option. Oh, they also had Fanta ginger ale on the soda machine. Nice!! \n\nThe ambience was slick and modern, with communal table. Though I have never been a fan of communal table, this one was okay as it was pretty spread out and spacious. The tables had a meandering type of design to it with a good flow and not just a big rectangular picnic table type.\n\nThe order was done pretty quick and soon we got our burgers. The sides were huge so I would recommend sharing. The two guys I were with couldn't finish theirs and we actually gave one untouched onion ring order to people who sat next to us. Oh, communal eating...\n\nMy burger was tasty and juicy and it was quite flay for a white turkey burger. I loved it though the bun actually didn't look so appetizing. It was pale like Bobby and if it had hair, it would have been red. I prefer those golden glistening with butter toasted brioche or potato buns. This sesame topped bun tasted good but looked just okay. My colleague devoured his brunch burger and didn't say much except mhmh. Jerry, my other colleague, was a hard nut to crack and he said he liked this better than In n Out. He went there yesterday without asking me and he said he preferred Bobby's any day. Whoaa I was surprised but they were kind of different burgers. Jerry's burger came raw and blood was dripping all over though he ordered medium well. He wasn't pleased but he just ate it and he still said it was awesome.\n\nThe sweet potato fries were really really good as well as the onion rings. The malt looked good as well. I wish I ordered some but that would put me to sleep during workshops in the afternoon.\n\nNot bad, Bobby. I guess I wouldn't ask for a throw down or try to beat Bobby Flay, unless it is with a paddle.