Let me preface this review by saying that, if there was a choice between getting a root canal and coming to Vegas, I'd seriously have to stop and think about it.  If you're a tourist, you'll find that Vegas is like China.  Both try to suck money from you at every turn, except Vegas tries to be more *civilized* by masking the sucking in the form of resort fees, taxes, tips, high-priced drink and food.  Add to this the fact that I have as much interest in gambling as have in a threesome with one male orangutang and a pink bowling ball and you'll understand my frame of mind when I'm in Vegas.  Unfortunately, despite my feelings about this place, I've had to visit Vegas every year in January for business for the last 8 years.  \n\nThe MGM Grand Hotel is a monstrosity of shiny green glass on the North end of the Vegas Strip.  It's shaped like a pile of staggered Lego bricks, and when you're inside the hotel, you'll sometimes wish the bricks will just cave the hell in on you.\n\nLike all hotels on the Strip, you're allowed to smoke in almost all public areas, so the ventilation system blows in this fake bathroom\/car scent smell which pervades the entire hotel.  We'd booked rooms directly with the hotel, believing that we'd get better rooms, but when we arrived at 7pm, we had to wait 10 minutes while our clerk checked with the Manager about getting our Premium King View Room.  The room does have a magnificent view, but at a cost - our heater was completely broken...meaning that, while Vegas was experiencing its worst freeze outside (about 27 overnight), we were experiencing what it was like to be in the Saharan desert in August.  Our thermostat was broken and temps reached the 80s overnight.  \n\nOur lovely Samsung TV, which my boyfriend dared venture to watch one night for a few hours, suddenly shorted out in the middle of a program, then just as suddenly came blasting on a few hours later at about 1am.\n\nNext, the mini fridge was packed with stuff (you had to pay through the nose for), and there was even a sign which stated that you couldn't put your own crap inside and take theirs out, or else there'd be a $50 re-stocking fee.  If that wasn't bad enough, none of our shampoos or lotions were refilled or replaced after they were used.  All this makes me feel that the MGM would try to charge us for the air we breathe, if they could.\n\nThe hotel does have some good.  The room we got is spacious and quiet, the bed comfortable.  There are a few pretty decent restaurants, such as Nobhill, Wolfgang Puck Express, and one of the Cirques is playing here.  Was impressed by the check in counters available for select airlines, as well as the kiosks where you can print out your boarding passes.  (You can check your luggage via the hotel for $10\/bag fee.)  Upon check out, we were comped about $28.00 for the ghost in the TV.  (This was after my boyfriend tried to get a comp over the phone but couldn't get one.  And, when he gave up all hope of getting a comp, the check out clerk gave him one.)  \n\nIf you come to Vegas wanting to come to Vegas, then the MGM Grand will do you just fine.