Had dinner here a few days ago, and wow, just 'wow' and not the good kind. \n\nThe hostess had the energy of a candle that was about to burn out. She wasn't rude, but there was definitely no warm greeting there. I don't even think she said 'hello' or greeted us in any way when we walked up.. but okay, geared us up for what was about to come.\n\nLet's talk about what really lacked: service, attention.. and wine. \n\nThe irony is that this place is an 'enoteca', but getting the wine list for the second time was a tandem effort from me and my husband, since after placing our initial order, our waiter was nowhere to be found, and to say that flagging him down was a ridiculous challenge, is saying nothing at all. \n\nHe brought out the food - warm, nice presentation, tasted great. I've had Italian food in both Italy and Sicily, and lived on an island south of Sicily for  10 years, so it's hard for me to be impressed by Italian food; generally speaking I tend to be left underwhelmed. Not the case here, everything was great, definitely no complaints about the food or the price, for that matter. Then again.. we were gearing up for Robuchon this trip, so I can see how certain people would deem this place pricey.. not to me on this particular occasion. \n\nThe service was atrocious. \n\nAs previously mentioned, the lack of attention from our waiter was astounding. He brought out the food and not once came back later to ask if everything was okay (as it's basically done in -any- restaurant), and well perhaps, since we had totally drained our wine glasses, and this was... in fact, a 'wine bar' - maybe, just maybe, we'd like to have a second glass of wine? ..Nope. \n\nWe were so desperate for the wine list, we actually flagged down the busboy to ask for the wine list. Only.. he forgot to bring it. Understandably, it's not his job.. alas, with our waiter nowhere to be found, all we could do, is keep asking the only person coming to our table - the busboy. We finally got the wine list, but the effort put in in order to make that happen .. well, at least we have a sense of humour.  Getting a wine list in a wine bar should not be so painfully complicated. \n\nOnce our waiter finally brought us our chosen wine, my husband pointed out to him, in good humour, that he clearly has forgotten about us, in the hopes that perhaps if pointed out, this may somehow change. Apparently not.. he didn't apologize, didn't ask if we wanted anything else or if everything was okay, served the wine, and off he went again, not to be seen until the end of the night. \n\nWe still enjoyed the food, and my husband and I always have a great time together, so our night wasn't ruined.. just, needlessly complicated. \n\nBy the time we finished our food and the plates were taken off our table, we were left sitting there with only water glasses. ..And so we sat.. and sat, and then sat some more. Once we made the executive decision that we were done sitting.. and well, we had polished our water off, we realized we were tired, not just tired of sitting, but ready to call it a night. \n\nI wouldn't know what the dessert is like, because we were never offered a dessert menu.. despite all the sitting and whatnot. \n\nThen came the challenge of getting the bill. After probably half a dozen attempts at trying to flag the waiter down, my husband gave me the okay to try and do so, I was sitting such that I'd probably have somewhat better luck. Sure enough, about half a dozen more attempts of waving.. and well, practically doing everything but flat out hollering at him, I caught him JUST as he was rushing by us (needless to say, not bothering to glance at us, at all, not like we're paying customers or anything.. oh, wait.. we were -.-). With a loud 'EXCUSE-ME-CAN-WE-GET-THE-CHEQUE-PLEASE', all said in one quick breath, for fear of him well.. ignoring me or walking past me. \n\n..So then, we sat some more. \n..and more.\n.... .. and more. \n\nFINALLY the magic printed receipt was at our table, I felt like high-fiving my husband, we were actually making progress.. alas, my joy was premature. \n\nCard placed into folder.\n\nCard is sitting there with us. \n\nWe're all, still sitting there.\n\nWe sit some more. \n.. and then more, and .. more. \n\nYeah, it was basically just painful at this point. We actually had to flag the waiter down (again, not the easiest of tasks) for him to take our card. \n\nI'll spare you the rest, but in summary, we had to sit some more, I suppose it only makes sense, since that was definitely the theme of the evening: 'Sit And Wait', oh and .. of course 'No Wine For You At Wine Bar!'\n\nI was so glad to be finally out of there, suddenly left with a deeper understanding of 'you can check in any time you'd like, but you can never leave'.