Cash Converters! Wow! This place is interesting to say the least! Its basically a chain pawn shop with more of an open feel. I have to say i come here quite a lot! sometimes weekly to make my rounds with my pal Dan D.\n\nCash Converters is all about the waiting game, You walk in week after week and hope that something is waiting for you hidden in a pile somewhere! and then, when you see that rare item you almost pee yourself! Of all the times I have come here( at least 30 times over the years) I have only had that \"AHH HAA\" moment happen 3 times. Once it was an old and quite rare Korg SDD 2000 digital delay (for guitar). I was completely floored!!!, so so exited and it was only 130.00, I felt like I  had won the lottery, it sounds SO great!.\n\n Another time Me and Dan D had been looking for one of the best documentary's of all time \"American movie\" after a series of fruitless cash converters expeditions we came one day.Dan (with his uncanny ability of finding diamond in the rough) sniffed it out like a bloodhound! All I remember is that we cheered ! and another time I found a Tascam DAT recorder that was a steal for 140 bucks! woah! The thrill of finding a jewel in the poop pile is a great feeling!\n\nSo now I have to talk about the dark side of cash converters. Often times they price quite a few used items WAY to close to the original retail price. Guitars, drums, multitrack recorders etc... In some cases I have seen a few of these used items at the same price or even more expensive than the new one would have cost! GASP! Its shameful, and I have a feeling they price this way simply because they know parents or naive beginners come into a pawn shop and assume they will get a deal on a used instrument  little do they know... I feel bad that it happens. So many people have know clue!  Shame on you cash converters and pawn shops! shame on you!  Either way I think cash converters needs to get their stale stock moving by having prices that are more fair. They just try to squeeze out every last drop of profit!! on some of their items.\n\nEither way I still love coming hear to look through DVDs and CDs and sometimes the occasional music gear (when a gem drops in) I recommend it to anyone who likes to look out for stuff and wait. Also they do bring in old nes, atari, Sega genesis, and snes games (if you like collecting them) not a great selection though. So to end, just keep coming in and wait for that gem to appear! Persistence is key! Cash converters is quite unique, come and check it out!