This review is only for Dr. Bartholomew particularly. The reason I say that is because some of his staff is rude and some are helpful and nice. My mother has been going to Dr. Bartholomew for a very long time and she recommended him to me when I finally decided to go to get an annual for the first time. My mother told me that he made her always feel comfortable and not awkward especially because most women would prefer to see a female gynecologist. My first appointment was great! Dr. Bartholomew came in, introduced himself, was super friendly, easy to talk to, and answered ALLLL of my questions in detail and explained everything I did not know. Doctors like him are definitely not easy to find. Although you may say I will only go to a female and are stuck on going to a female for the first time, I would highly recommend Dr. Bartholomew for any one who is scared for their first time like I was and even if you are looking for a different Doctor. I was having bad anxiety the day of the appointment because I had heard plenty of things from friends that said an annual is painful which is FALSE!! The anxiety was so bad that I almost cancelled my appt 10 mins before the appt time. But I had a very relaxed and comfortable experience for the first time and he doesn't pressure you to make certain decisions and hears you out to make sure of what you want to do ultimately. Obviously if it was an important matter, he will tell you how to fix the issue you may be having. Also to add-in, even my boyfriend came in and did not feel weird! That's to show how down-to-earth type of doc he is. I already recommended plenty of friends and family to him and they came back telling me that I was right and that he was an awesome gynecologist\/women's doctor. I would not change him as my gyno even though he is hard to get an appointment with if you don't book ahead because he is a popular gyno! So don't be alarmed if you try to call last minute for your annual or any type of check up because this is not his only office. \n\nMy last tip to you: if you are having issues after being treated with something he prescribed, do not call and try to speak to the nurse that the office transfers you to, just make an appt and see him directly. The nurse was no help.