Our server was a horrible, lying bitch, to put it nicely.\n\nShe didn't greet us at all; the first thing she said was, \"What do you wanna drink?\" with a bit of an attitude. We saw other tables with baskets of bread, so we asked her if we could also get a basket. Sh straight up told us bread was for the people who ordered from the lunch menu (not us). For some reason, she still brought out a measly basket of bread for us and said that was all that was left -- even though all the other tables had big ass baskets full of all kinds of different bread.\n\nWhen she took our orders, she didn't ask my father how well he wanted his steak, which we didn't realize until his steak came and it was all bloody on the inside. Maybe that's how it's supposed to be prepared, but she could've at least warned my father. I ordered a Strawberry, Raspberry, and Blueberry waffle which was actually really tasty. That was the best part of the meal.\n\nThen, she took 20 minutes getting our bill and finishing the transaction. We didn't even know what the hell she was doing. She kept circling the restaurant, going in and out of the kitchen, looking around, going back into the kitchen, and coming out with nothing. It was really unfortunate we were stuck with her cos the other server who was taking care of tables nearby us seemed so attentive, and she just failed upon comparison.\n\nAnd it wasn't just us who thought the service was terrible. The table right next to us were also served by this lazy ass waitress. Apparently, one of the ladies wanted white bread and the server gave her Sourdough. The lady told her it was Sourdough and instead of just apologizing and bringing her white bread, the waitress argued with her and insisted it wasn't Sourdough.  All the lady said was, \"Uh, this is Sourdough. Trust me, I ate it,\" which did the trick. They ended up not finishing the majority of their food and left a $2 tip (for a party of 4), which was hilarious cos you know how expensive food is in Vegas. They didn't follow the \"15% tip rule,\" and neither did we.\n\nI wish I remembered the server's name, so you can all avoid her. She seemed to be Hispanic, middle-aged, short, kind of on the large side, with curly brown hair.  I'm sure a lot of people have had great experiences here considering all the positive reviews before mine; they just really need to get rid of her. Never again! Go spend your money elsewhere.