Born and raised in New York the warm and soft bagel is a part of my heritage. It seemed that I would have to board the Concorde if I was to have a New York bagel in a reasonable time. That was until I stepped foot in the Bagel Cafe.\n\n  The Bagel Cafe is a slice of the Big Apple approximately ten miles northwest of NY-NY in the Summerlin community of Las Vegas. The four times that I have had breakfast here in very recent times, my mind literally left Vegas and entered a New York bagel restaurant. As soon as I stepped on line, displayed right to my left were Wise Potato chips. Wise Potato chips are a popular brand of potato chips that are extremely popular in New York, but sold in a few places in Vegas :( . When I looked to the right, standing out from the display cases of cookies were the rainbow cookies. Since leaving New York, I have rarely laid eyes on them in Las Vegas. The closest rainbow cookies that I have seen to Las Vegas were at Chompie's Deli in Phoenix. After being seated sitting in front of me was the warm and soft bagel. Three times, I ordered egg salad on a bagel and once a BLT on the warm and soft bagel. The quality was superb. The bagel sandwich was overflowing with egg salad that was topped off with lettuce, onions, and a tomato. The BLT was the antithesis of the pathetic BLT that I recently ordered at Panera Bread. It was overflowing with crunchy beacon. With each sandwich, I ordered potato salad and coffee. The coffee tasted just as good as the bagel shops that I remembered before Starbuck's came on the scene. In actuality, the coffee is just as good as Starbuck's.\n\n  Just like New York, the Bagel Cafe is crowded. Parking is a challenge, and it is almost guaranteed that some walking is required. The Bagel Cafe is located in a professional park on the west side of Buffalo Drive south of the Summerlin Parkway. Unlike the New York City landmarks, it blends in with the professional buildings. On account of the parking lot being linear with the popularity of the Bagel Cafe, each time I had to walk the distance of two professional buildings (not complaining. I went here before hikes). On weekends, there was a wait. The Bagel Cafe is relatively large and the weekend waits were no longer than 15 minutes. On the other hand, it was less crowded on a Wednesday at 1 p.m., and the \"Please Wait to Be Seated\" sign was turned around to \"Please seat yourself.\"\n\n  The Bagel Cafe differentiates from the prices of the New York bagel shops that I know of in New York. Unless inflation at the New York Bagel shops went up in double digits, the Bagel Cafe prices seem steeply higher than those of the bagel shops that I remembered. From my experiences here, it is the Waitresses that can make and break the price. The first two times that I had my New York moments here, the sweet Waitress passed on a tip that if you order a sandwich on a bagel instead of bread (Did not come here for bread) that you get a full sandwich for the price of a half sandwich. Fast forward to the last two times, and the impersonal Waitress was charging me for the full sandwich (check with tip came to around $15). But what could I do?  It would still be far less expensive than flying in a Concorde to New York.\n\n  If you grew up with the New York bagel, or are just a fan of it; I recommend the Bagel Cafe. On the four visits that I visited Bagel Cafe, I have made it a point to stop by on the way to a park. Admittedly I planned to hike in a nearby park a couple of those times with the excuse to check-in here. I am so confident that I will get in a mood for the New York Bagel. With that said, I see Bagel Cafe check-ins in my future.\n\n****Please note that there are other establishments using the Bagel Cafe name or similar to it. The one in the Sun Coast I rated 2 stars.