PJ Hussey started managing several of our rental properties since mid of 2012, and they didn't follow signed management agreement for last 2-3 years. 1) The contract stipulated any repair over $100 needs to be approved by owner, none of their repairs was sent to me for approval for last 2-3 years. There were tens of thousands of dollars of unauthorized repairs were done, I have protested many times to Patti Hussey (PJ Hussey Owner) and she continued the unethical practice. Only recently they started asking for approval 2) We as landlord are supposed to keep $300 cash in PJ Hussey account, and any amounts over $300 are required to be distributed to us per signed agreements. PJ Hussey very often kept a lot more in their account sometimes to several thousand dollars. We have protested quite a few times to Patti , and were ignored. 3) The monthly payments need to be made monthly by 15th, and they skipped some monthly payments and didn't notify us and caused my account to be over drafted. 4) We requested refundable tenant deposits to be transferred back to us mid of 2014, we requested deposit record from their accounting department first, and then request Patti to return the money. the returned amount by Patti (owner) was short by roughly $2,000. We questioned Patti (the owner) for explanation, initially she said she will get back then disappeared and would not answer our emails nor phone calls. 5) Their accounting record is messy, I reported 2013 1099 didn't match their year end report by several thousand dollars and requested correction, Patti said she would look into it and disappeared again. 6) I questioned a few suspicious items and requested invoices\/explanations but no responses. 7) In 2014 PJ Hussey insisted me to replace a 4 plex roof to a brand new roof, it cost me around $10,000 and one of the tenant yesterday reported major roof leakage in his Unit. 8) It seems PJ Hussey breach contract and keep unauthorized money in their account and they use unauthorized repairs to keep these funds to themselves permanently. I have several other friends and relative used them, and we all experienced a Lot of problems with PJ Hussey.