After just having such an excellent and wonderful experience with both food and service at the Canaletto in Newport Beach, I was utterly disappointed in this LV location.\n\nI had the most condescending and rude server....ever!!\n\nIf it wasn't a business dinner, I would of complained about him right there and then. Better yet, I would of said something to his face. I mean who...WHO would actually say, \"What do you mean by bland?\" Which was said with the most sarcastic tone and look on his face. I mean do I have to really explain what bland means to a server??!!  He works for a restaurant, for goodness sake. Did I really need to pull out my phone and Google the word for him? Bland means no taste, needs more seasoning, taste like nothing...no flavor! But really, how about taking it as a cue that I didn't like it. Perhaps even ask me if I wanted something else in replace of that? Any \"nice, sit down\" restaurant would do that. Even Applebee's would do that. But instead, he had the nerve to ask one of the other business associates, who had ordered the exact same thing, and sat all the way across the table, if his was also bland. What the??! But I shouldn't feel so special. He had that condensing tone with a few others, even right as we sat down. I won't go into every detail or else this would be an essay. He even threw in some inappropriate comments. It was just so awkward for him to be standing over me that I didn't want to make a scene and just said never mind and continued to eat this undesirable dish. Believe me, it was hard. More so, if you know me..it was really, really hard not to say anything. This guy was just a complete joke and definitely should not be working in the hospitality industry. Even Applebee's servers wouldn't dare speak to their patrons like that. Everyone was trying to keep their professionalism throughout the night as we were all looking at each other dumbfounded by this guy's actions.\n\nFortunately, one of the other associates I was sitting next to, took it upon himself to inform the restaurant as we were wrapping up for the night. Supposedly, they took my meal off the bill and two others that had issues with theirs as well. But really, what was that going to do for us at that time. My meal was being taken cared of by the company and that wasn't the point. I would of appreciated an apology from the server or management. But no one came to the table to do so. I guess that goes to show you that the restaurant as a whole does not apply the same patronage or customer service values that this so called fine dining chain does at the Newport Beach location.\n\nBTW, the server's name is Josh. Yup, if you're reading this, Applebee's would of chewed you up and spit you out for this. You're a douche for all those comments and a horrible server. Just plan bad.