I have been in and out of McCarran several times now, so I am pretty comfortable evaluating it's features. Bear in mind that my unit of measure for airports is far different than I would use for, say, a restaurant. Airport suck, even under the best of circumstances, so it's more about degrees of bad than anything which could be construed as good. \n\nMcCarran is always busy no matter what time of day you happen to be arriving or leaving, which should not come as a major shock since it is Las Vegas after-all.  Vegas naturally always has it's huge flock of the typical drones who show up to blow their money and brain cells, but there is also nearly always several conventions going on at any given time taking advatage of the vast amount of facilities for this purpose. Everything from some mundane business conference (like mine), to the united transsexual Satan worshipers of America will be duly represented and sporting ID badges. So yeah, this airport is always packed. \n\nThe airport is also VERY spread out. So depending on which airline you happen to be on, be prepared to walk a country mile to get to where you are going. I would get used to this if I were you, as chances are high you are going to be walking a ton anyway while you are in Vegas. Some of the hotels require a damn near half mile trek just to get from the cab stand to your room. \n\nSecurity and TSA has always been a nightmare for me flying out of McCarran. An hour wait is about the norm on a good day. So make sure you show up good and early and that your phone is decently charged so you can waste time while waiting to make it through the line that snakes around about 50 times before you will see the light of day. \n\nIf you end up stuck here for awhile, there is not as much to do to kill time as you would think for an airport in Vegas. There are slot machines of course, but non-fast food restaurants are in short supply, and the few they do have are fairly sub-par, even by airport standards. This makes little sense when you consider some of the finest dining available anywhere is only a few miles over on the strip. \n\nThe positive aspect of McCarran is that on arrival you are likely excited to the point that many of these minor inconveniences are not very significant to your positive vibe. The flip side of the coin is that when you are leaving McCarran you are probably hung over, pissed off and sitting a few G's lighter in your checking account than when you arrived. These set of circumstances magnify annoyances times 1000.