This place lives up to the Yelp hype, no doubt. We arrived at 10:30 AM on a Saturday morning, and the place was full (well, as full as it could get with 5 tables and a small lineup of people waiting for a grab-and-go drink). If you're looking for a very casual breakfast joint that gives you warm fuzzy feelings of comfort, the kind you can rely on to start off your day just right, this is the cafe to visit. It's quaint (read: don't expect brunch at the Ritz), it's unassuming, it's very slightly run-down - but the food and service makes up for all of it. \n\nFirst, parking - there's street parking, and it's free (albeit, at an hour maximum). We parked one block north of Baldwin Street, on Nassau Street. There were plenty of spots available when we arrived.\n\nSecond, the food. So carefully prepared and presented, right down to the small details of deliberate designs made of cinnamon - Mr. Average Joe, if you don't think we noticed how much effort you put into your dishes, we noticed, and we very much appreciated it. We ordered: a) the Baked Eggs ($8.50), b) the French Toast ($8.50), c) a Vanilla Latte, and d) a Hot Chocolate ($3.75). The Baked Eggs were so carefully cooked - delicious, soft, runny, and flavourful. The French Toast was... what can I say? It was soft, thick, soaked in the best way possible, with crunchy bacon on the side. The Hot Chocolate was delicious - it was soft, calming, unassuming - it isn't the kind of hot chocolate that slaps you in the face with its sweetness. It's the kind that puts an arm around you and calmly tells you your day is going to go just fine.\n\nLastly, the service. Thank you so much for your wonderful hospitality and attentiveness. It was noticed and appreciated.\n\nAs an aside - tables are in very close proximity to where they cook orders, so beware, if you're wearing a nice suit or you know, a sweater you paid an arm and a leg for, be warned that you will, definitely, find the very strong lingering smell of breakfast and fried eggs on your clothing for the remainder of the day. After we left, we smelled bacon on ourselves (our clothes, our hair) for the rest of the afternoon (not that smelling like bacon is a bad thing, obviously).\n\nFor two people, we paid $30 with tax and tip included. We'll be back!