Authentic Japanese soba with the hospitality to match.\n\nI grew up eating cold soba noodles. My mom would make them to keep cool during the hot Summer months. And I loved them! However, the noodles I ate were dried in a package thats probably been sitting on the shelf for a year. And the sauce came pre-made in a bottle. I first came across 'real' soba last year in California. So my heart skipped a beat to find out Inaba was joining the family of authentic Japanese restaurants in town.\n\nSOBA: Chilled buckwheat noodles topped with nori were served alongside a bowl of tsuyu (sauce). I added the scallion and wasabi and got to dipping. A noodle is a noodle is a noodle--NOT. Noodles, like everything else have flavor. And in a soba dish, especially one served cold, the taste and bite of a noodle can make it or break it. This excellent dish can only be described as delicate, fresh, and clean. After I finished my noodles, my server brought over a cup of the water the soba noodles were cooked in. You mix the hot water with the tsuyu and drink. He informed me that its full of vitamins and very good for you! The soba was also served with a side of fried rice. A dash of soy sauce and some togarashi, it didn't stand a chance.\n\nVARIETY: With the warm weather upon us, I needed a refreshing pick-me-up. But there are hot soup options available which I will be digging into next time. The star of our appetizers was the Battera Mackerel. In traditional Osaka style, the mackerel is served square. The filet is pressed in a box which results in a thin piece of fish and its cube shape. It was unusual, but it is now my favorite mackerel in Las Vegas. It was cured just right! The Nasu (Eggplant) Agedashi was lightly fried and served just like my usual agedashi tofu. Although delicious, I would've liked the eggplant a little softer. I ordered the sausages for my friend who needed something particularly savory. But I stole one for myself. Tasty, but skippable.\n\nDRINKS: Boricha (roasted barley tea) is served in place of water. I believe you can order hot tea for an added cost. And I didn't see any alcohol on the menu either.\n\nSERVICE: The two servers were so polite it hurt. I love the Japanese. They were sweet-natured and apologized for the smallest of infractions.\n\nLike my eating partner, I can imagine many people leaving here underwhelmed and dissatisfied. How many people do you know would leave the house for cold soup? But for those of us who can appreciate the simplicity of Japanese cooking, this specialty restaurant is doing everything right. They treat you and your food with the utmost respect it deserves.