In Montreal, there is no shortage of wonderful eateries. Among the very best is L'express, serving up some of the city's tastiest French Bistro fare. It has become a destination that has yet to fail me and its array of savory options have left me hungry for more whenever I'm back in the states. It is a go-to for many, and a must for whenever I'm visiting.\n\nAdorned on the walls are photos from another time, a vintage peek into the old days when the establishment first made its name. The ambiance is festive without feeling touristy, the service is bustling yet wickedly efficient, and the decor is as simple as the faux-hand written menu.\n\nI'll just say it right now: Everything I've tried (so far) has been delightful. Granted I haven't had *everything* on the menu, the many things I have ordered were outstanding. Among the highlights for the appetizers include: quiche of the day (best is ham and cheese or broccoli and cheese), smoked Atlantic salmon, octopus + lentil salad vinegrette, the foie gras terrine, and of course, the bone marrow which was buttery, smooth, and sinfully delicious.\n\nFrom the beef tartare to the duck confit salad, their main courses are A+ from top to bottom. The pot-au-feu, or French beef stew, is a lovely and is delicious when paired with a great wine (ask the waiter). Few folks could argue against the roasted quail over wild rice or their homemade raviolis. My favorite so far has been hanger steak drenched in shallot butter and frites, a downright foodgasmic journey through a series of palate pleasing textures and flavor that my poor writing could never fully capture. If there are picky eaters in the group, shoot for the classic croque monsieur, or as they call it on the English portion of the menu, grilled cheese with ham. Even that is damn good, with mini chunks of juicy ham, and a gootastic mess of cheese that would even make lactose intolerant folks salivate.\n\nFrench fare, let alone the bistro kind rarely comes cheap. For the quality of some of the dishes noted above, the price merits the experience. And combined with all of the other indulging aspects of L'express, I can't recommend it enough with two thumbs up and post meal grins. You just have to experience it yourself.\n\nJe'taime, L'express.