After several visits, 2 stars is all I can justify.\n\nI take major points off for not having a steam room and only having a very small sauna.  The toiletries available in the locker room are good quality and they have many items available for use, so that's a plus.  Overall, it's just a very small \/ boutique spa.\n\nSo given that the spa amenities are few in quantity, I really expect high-caliber services.  The massage I had started off really well - great pressure and very thorough, but the masseuse started trying to sell me on flying her out to be the masseuse for my company - and she wouldn't let the issue die.  I tried to just say \"uh huh, yeah, they probably won't go for that\" or gently let her know I wasn't interested, but she kept bringing it up, which was anything but relaxing, and I'm sure not allowed by the spa\/hotel management.  It was incredibly unprofessional and really ruined my experience.\n\nMy latest mani\/pedi was fairly pleasant and only included one attempted up-sell to paraffin, which I probably could have used, but really didn't feel like doing.  Conversation was good and minimal - I'm not a big talker during spa treatments - I'm there to relax, not really to try to make small talk.  The mani\/pedi area is in the same room as the hair salon, and although there didn't appear to be many clients in the styling area, I overheard a lot of chit chat among the stylists, and unfortunately overheard them gossiping about the group that I was a part of who would be trickling in and out that afternoon as well as several local residents.  Luckily they didn't say anything too negative, but as a client, I'd really rather think that they aren't talking about me after I leave.  That's really unprofessional, especially since they all knew I was sitting right there - they clearly didn't know I was a part of the group they were talking about or that I'm a family member of a resident, but still, I find it quite rude and incredibly inappropriate.  As far as the quality of my mani\/pedi, it was fair.  I felt rushed to pick out my colors since the manicurist was standing right next to me waiting on me to decide.  The rushed feeling didn't stop there since I have bubbles in my polish on several fingers.  I can't figure it out since I was the ONLY person in the salon getting any nail treatments done.  Anyway, for the price and caliber of the salon, I wish I'd had a better experience.  I could pay half the price at home and get the same result - sadly.