the only reason i would give this hotel anything more than one or maybe two stars, is the decor and design of most of the place. its chic and modern with really a nice color scheme. the suite i stayed in looked nice, was comfortable but had no means to listen to my own music. \n\nnow lets get started why this hotel sucks! \n\nUpon arrival my bell desk agent took my bags from my trunk and gave me a ticket, my female guests wanted to place two blankets on the cart after he gave me the ticket. they took the blankets and placed them atop the luggage. the bell agent threw a tantrum. gave my guest a snarling response and ripped up my ticket. he was rewriting a ticket, while continuing a passive agressive temper tantrum\n\nThey valeted my suv, which wasn't free, $21 a day... so you'd expect them to be pristine with the service? WRONG. We'll get back to that later. \n\nI went to the desk to check in, they told me my suite wasn't ready but they would call or text me when it was. We waited for six hours to get no response from them. When I contacted the hotel they threw a temper tantrum again and told my room had been done for over four hours but their service that notifies me was down. This happened the second time I stayed at the aria as well. So don't expect them to notify you of anything\n\nWhen we finally got into our suite, we called the bell desk to deliver our bags... And you guessed it... They lost them\n\nAn hour and a half later our bags show up so we get ready and notify the valet to summons the car. And he threw a temper tantrum again they said they don't do that. So I go downstairs I hand them my ticket about 30 minutes pass and they don't deliver my car. I asked the desk what's going on they said they're working on it. Another 30 minutes went by my car still wasn't delivered. The desk told me that they lost my car. A service I pay $21 per day for lost my beautiful range rover HSE... A total of an hour and 15 minutes waiting for my car finally delivered it to us without a single freaking apology. \n\nTo continue about how my stay at the aria was crap you'll need to ask yourself this... Do you value your privacy? Because they don't at the aria they love to walk right into your room when you have a do not disturb sign and your butt ass naked struggling to find something to cover your junk.\n\nI didn't even have it the worst my buddy stayed in their inclusive high-end suites and they got treated like dirt the entire time.