If you are up for a snack after a Vegas Golden Knights game or in the NY-NY, New York Pretzel is the place to grab one. Located in the shadow of the Statue of Liberty-the life size candy version that is, New York Pretzel is in the Mennazine level. It is a very close walk to the pedestrian overpasses connecting NY-NY to The MGM Grand and Excalibur. \n\n  There were two late nights after seeing the Vegas Golden Knights that we were up for a place to enjoy a light snack and to talk. New York Pretzel was that place. \n\n New York Pretzel is a take-out kiosk with a menu that includes hand rolled pretzels, Nathan's hot dogs, pretzel bites, Stromboli, and fountain Pepsi beverages. The hand rolled pretzels include Jalapeño & Parmesan, Pepperoni and Parmesan, and Almond Crunch. The pretzel toppings include Cheddar cheese, pretzel sauce, honey mustard, and cream cheese icing. \n\n The menu also includes high pricing. Welcome to the Las Vegas Strip! The original salt and butter pretzel that I ordered was $4.89 before taxes. The Cheddar cheese topping was an additional $1. And a large Pepsi was $4.95. If I wanted to order just a Nathan's hot dog, it would of been $5.89. To give perspective on the markup, a Nathan's hot dog costs $1.25 in a Walmart Deli and $1.63 with a 32 ounce bottomless fountain drink in Sam's Club. Then you can say this is comparing apples to oranges. And speaking of apples, New York Pretzel sells the popular New York apple brand of Gourmet Caramel, candied and chocolate apples. \n\nMy taste buds rate the hand rolled (supposedly) salt and butter pretzel, \"good\" on the same level as Auntie Anne's. However, my eyes and ears rate the atmosphere as great. In the heart of the faux New York City in the Las Vegas Dessert where the Statue of Liberty wears a Vegas Golden Knights shirt and careening taxis roar above on the roller Coaster track, this is an interesting spot to take in the energy of the Las Vegas Strip and some interesting people watching. There was never a dull moment. \n\nWhere New York Pretzel is sufficient in atmosphere it is insufficient in seating. There are none. The first late night visit we sat at the Mennazine Starbucks which was closed for the night where the second time it was by NYP Pizza. \n\nIt seemed that the Las Vegas Strip energy level has failed to rub off on the employees. The two times that we visited New York Pretzel, I got the impression that they wanted to be anyplace else on a late night on the Las Vegas Strip. \n\nNew York Pretzel has been a very good choice for a late night snack after seeing the Vegas Golden Knights. What better way to end a golden night on the Las Vegas Strip with a pretzel and fountain beverage while taking in the upbeat energy of the Las Vegas Strip.