A couple of things I need to get out of the way:\n\n1. It's not a cheap burger joint. This is real food done right. If you want to feed yourself, your wife and all of your brats for $30 go to Steak 'n Shake and save us all from disappointment.\n2. It's small so there may be a wait. If you want fast service go to Red Robin.\n3. If you don't eat burgers go somewhere else. At its core Flip Side is a burger joint. If you want a chicken sandwich go to KFC.\n4. If you're in a hurry go somewhere else. They take their time here. Sit back, relax and enjoy yourdamnself. Your crappy life will still be there when you get back.\n\nI can't believe I'm doing this, a five-star review on a burger place? It's almost like I don't even know who I am anymore. Well, after our visit it just might be that I need to reassess.\n\nLet me set the stage. Saturday evening, 6:30ish, Chagrin Falls. First of all, this town is so picturesque and cute that I want to grab it and squeeze it until its Norman Rockwell, quaint Victorian wraparound porch head pops off. A little part of me hates myself for liking it. Sure, there was traffic and plenty of people but it was a Saturday night after all. What were we to expect? We drove around the corner and found a street spot. Perfect. Did I mention how entertaining it is to watch Northeast Ohioans attempt to parallel park?\n\nUpon entering we were immediately greeted by a young lady, iPad in hand, well-trained smile on face. Party of two, right. She started to walk us back to a two-top crammed uncomfortably between several full tables. There was no way in hell this would be good; my bubble is larger than most. We scanned the area for an exit strategy. Luck. There were plenty of seats at the bar. We took a pair of them and got down to business.\n\nThe decor, where to start. I loved it. It's like a Restoration Hardware bomb exploded in here. Exposed brick, lace-up, leather-backed chairs, concrete bar top, wood paneling overhead, and warm earth tones. This is a place I could hang out in for hours unware of the time. The atmosphere was busy, pretty loud and energetic. Oh yeah, and it's small, really small. Probably 10 or so seats at the bar and a mix of high-tops for 40 more. I can see it getting too close for my comfort in the later hours.\n\nOur bartender, Nathan, was an honor to his craft and a delight (said using Will Farrell's impersonation of James Lipton). He's was either one hell of an actor or he really loved his job. Constantly smiling, engaging in just the right amount of banter and full of helpful information and recommendations, we couldn't have asked for a better face of the business. I've grown so used to complacency in the service industry that people like Nathan really stand out. He informed us that everything was made in-house (with a few minor exceptions like the buns and the Heinz ketchup), that their beef was Ohio-raised, all-grass fed and that they had plenty of Ohio craft brews available. I felt a tear forming in the corner of my eye...\n\nI love places that fly the local flag, especially when it comes to their protein. Ohio has an amazing farming industry that more of our eateries should use and a chef that takes the time to showcase them earns high marks in my book.\n\nNow on to why we came here, the food. We were both having a serious red meat craving so our expectations were high. Tonight would be about sharing so we split everything. Another classy move - the kitchen split our burger for us, no charge. Minor detail massive impression.\n\nTriple-Cooked Truffle Fries - These fries were perfect. I normally opt for the sweet potato variety but tonight we went old-school. A slight drizzle of truffle oil and a sprinkling of Grana Pandana cheese made these spuds sing. Crispy, moist, delicious and seasoned like they deserved to be.\n\nMixed Field Greens Salad - Just because it was a burger and fries night didn't mean we couldn't work in some health, right? This one was simple; mixed greens, carrots, cukes and fried crisp shallots dressed in balsamic vinaigrette. Not a bad rendition if a tad overdressed for my taste. Perhaps the dressing on the side next time.\n\nMikey Burger - If you've ever wondered what truly great beef tastes like, I mean beef so good topping it with condiments would be an insult, you need to taste a Flipside burger. It was cooked a perfect medium and topped with bacon, pepper jack cheese and a fried onion ring. It came with a garlic aioli on the side but we barely used it (was good on the fries, though). The bun was light and airy, the bacon was crisp. A perfect burger.\n\nI truly believe that five-star experiences, especially when it comes to where you eat, are a rare confluence of the right events at the right time. Even fantastic restaurants can have off nights. Lucky for us, everything came together on this visit. Wonderful atmosphere, top-notch service and pitch-perfect food. We left full, happy and wondering when our next visit would be. What more could one ask for?