This restaurant has been on my bookmark list for a very long time, ever since I saw the news on channel 3 that they are opening a branch in Gilbert. When I looked up their original branch, I saw that the reviews were very good so I decided to bookmark it and make sure I try it. \n\nThis day finally came yesterday when my husband and I decided to go there for dinner. We arrived at around 6 or so. I had not made reservations because we were not sure we were gonna go out for dinner so we just showed up there. When we walked in, we had a bit of an awkward moment when the hostess was just looking at me, probably expecting me to say, \"hi we have a reservation for 2\". I looked at her and said table for 2 please and she asked if we had a reservation and I said no. Place was pretty packed with a few tables only left. We got seated immediately but on a little tiny squeezed table behind the hostess. We were glad to be seated immediately with the place being this busy however, the table was a little uncomfortable and very close to the table next to us. I am pregnant so need a little more space now. Next time, I'll be sure to make reservations and ask for a different table. \n\nOur server came to us pretty quickly, introduced herself and said she'd be with us soon. We went over the menu. Menu is pretty good with enough options for people who eat pork, don't eat pork and vegetarians. Before we began ordering, our server asked if we had any questions about the menu and I'm glad she did because I needed to know what dishes contained eggs and how much egg they had in them. We also had to make sure we are ordering pork free. One thing we were very impressed with is how knowledgeable our server was and how she paid attention and made sure she explained the egg content in everything we ordered. She also suggested the special of the day which is the Arizona Ramen and suggested that I replace the ramen noodles with rice noodles to make the dish completely egg free. We decided to order the galbi short ribs which were beef, the mushroom dumplings which were vegan (and had only some egg in the dumpling wrap) and the soft shell crab bun(which also was covered with an egg based batter but very lightly). We also ordered the Arizona ramen which is vegan and the veg ramen. \n\nThe appetizers came out pretty quick with the bun served slightly later. The food tasted very good but was a bit on the salty side, especially the dumplings. They served 12 pieces of galbi which we thought was a good amount to share. The cucumber kimchi that came with it was very tasty, wish they had added more on the dish because it made the galbi even the more delicious. \n\nThe bun came out hot and super fresh. It was very flavorful. \n\nOur Ramen was served next. My ramen had a lot of veggies with a type of cactus being one, some corn, green onions, avocado, red radish and the noodles. Everything tasted great and blended very well together. The broth was delicious too and I cannot tell you how tasty the avocado seemed with this combination. My only comment would be, I wish I did not replace the noodles because I DO love my ramen despite my egg sensitivity. \n\nMy husband's dish was also very good. He said there was a roasted or dried tomato on top which he said was absolutely delicious. He had a variety of vegetables too which made his dish very good as well. I tried a bit of his bowl and I think between the two, I would pick the Arizona ramen. The broth was much more flavorful. Hope they will consider making it a regular menu option. \n\nDuring our dinner, our server stopped by a few times to make sure we were doing ok and that we enjoyed our food. She offered us excellent service! \n\nPrices were average. With a Yelp check in, you'll get  a free $4.5 bun. Our bill for all the food we ordered and one sprite, was $55+tax which is not bad. \n\nOverall, great atmosphere, trendy and chic restaurant. Nice music, good food and excellent service! \n\nWe will be recommending this place and returning to try more options.