I have been patiently awaiting the opening of this place for almost a year now. I had already been speaking so highly of it to my boyfriend because I just KNEW it was gonna be good. He's not a vegan by any means, but I always try to get him to eat plant based whenever I can. I have successfully managed to make 2 other vegan restaurants a part of his top 5 restaurants in Vegas, and I had planned for this place to be a third. So yesterday, I convinced him to come try Panacea with me. \n\n4:10pm (I know because the time is printed on the receipt) - The cashier rings in my order. My boyfriend didn't even order a drink and the bill was $50. He looked at me like \"really?\" So far I was not doing a good job of convincing him that this place was going to be great haha. \n\n4:25pm - I go up to the lady that's behind the counter and ask her for water cups while we wait. She says she will bring them to my table and hands me the smoothie I ordered. \n\n4:40pm - My boyfriend starts getting impatient and says \"You just paid $50 to wait over half an hour to get any food.\" I guess so. We hadn't even received our appetizer or the water that the lady said she was going to bring to the table. Meanwhile, the guy checking up on all the tables is asking everyone else how their doing, but seems to be avoiding us. My boyfriend walked up to the lady that had been making food behind the counter and asks about our order, she replies, \"We are getting there.\"\n\n4:45pm - The same lady behind the counter walks up to our table to ask us what we ordered....wait, what?!??? This meal was definitely not going as I had planned. Thank goodness we weren't on a time crunch.  \n\n4:55pm - Yay! Our appetizer has arrived! Not long after, the rest of our meal arrives as well. I was still super annoyed, but this nice blonde lady came out and explained exactly what happened. She said they still haven't figured out the receipt system so the orders tend to get mixed up out of sequence. This was all we needed as customers. From the guy avoiding us to the girl claiming she was working on our order, we just wanted an honest explanation. \n\nNow the food...was delicious! We got the rutabaga & sun choke bravas for an appetizer. I liked it, but my boyfriend didn't. I got the kale-green bowl for my entree and he got the cracked freekeh. Both were good, but the Cracked Freekeh bowl was AMAZING! My boyfriend even had to admit that it was extremely tasty. \n\nTo sum it up...\n\nDecor: Simply beautiful. There's no denying that. From the art on the walls to the plants on the tables, everything matches well with the name and theme. \n\nPrice: Expensive. The food is overpriced, but that's become the norm these days for health conscious eateries. I hate when I try to tell people plant based is the way to go and they reply that it's \"too expensive.\" It really shouldn't be, but yeah, at this restaurant it is. \n\nService: Obviously we didn't receive the best service on our visit, but it's a brand spanking new restaurant that's still working out some kinks. I'm hopeful that this will improve as time goes on. \n\nFood: Delicious! The food was fresh and there was much attention paid to detail. The grain bowl we tried was full of an array of flavors. I will for sure be back to try more of their menu items. The food and the girl that explained the situation to us are the reasons for the 4 stars.