Where do I begin? First off, I can only speak for the haircut and style I received from Cindy, not the color or highlights the salon offers, as I did not have that done.\n\nI came in with a picture of the haircut I wanted, under the impression that it was common courtesy to come prepared with an idea of what was desired. I had long long hair (6 inches past my shoulders) and I wanted lots of layers and lots of texture. I specifically said, ONE inch at most can be trimmed off the length (with the exception of short top layers). I knew I was in trouble when Cindy told me she did not know how to execute layers with a razor, but I gave her the benefit of the doubt.\n\n10 minutes into my cut I finally start to notice how much hair was being cut. She went scissor-happy and hacked off about 8 inches. During the cut, I would ask for more layers and if it would be possible to curl the style like in the picture I brought. Cindy interjected on multiple occasions, \"I would be hesitant to do that,\"  or, \"I wouldn't advise\/suggest\/recommend that,\" Despite the fact I wasn't ever asking for an opinion. When she finished (didn't look finished), I asked once again for more layers, and I could seriously feel her getting impatient with what I had asked. She then cut two small pieces of hair shorter and escorted me to get my hair washed. She quickly dry cut the entire look and my hair was significantly shorter.\n\nAs if that wasn't bad enough, she didn't thoroughly dry my hair with the blow dryer, making my hair frizzy and damaged-looking at my crown. I really wasn't happy seeing my gorgeous long hair transform into an 80's style Rachel (from Friends) 'do shoulder-length bob. I hate it. Hate hate hate hate HATE my haircut. It WAS NOT what I asked for. I never spoke my piece at the salon as it was happening, but I think my crappy tip to Cindy spoke more for me and the job she did. I don't think she deserved a tip at all, but I'm a strong believer that crappy tips are more insulting than no tip.\n\nI know it's always key to take advice from a hairdresser or stylist, but this time around I wanted a cut FOR ME, and she seemed to be cutting to her taste, and did not pay attention to what I, the customer paying for a desired look, wanted. It was a nightmare, and I cried as soon as I walked out that door.\n\nNeedless to say I will not be going back to Allure ever again. I am under the impression that because Champaign is such a small town, that everyone has significantly lower expectations than someone from a city. This leads me to believe that all haircutters and stylists from Champaign or Urbana are bottom of the barrel low quality slew of design school drop outs, cause I have yet to see anybody who is a resident of this town with a strikingly gorgeous hairstyle.  Next time I get a cut, I will wait to visit home back in Los Angeles, or until I am vacationing in Chicago again. Nice try Allure.