Another new business that I just couldn't wait to open. Vegas kind of lacks in Portuguese restaurants so when I noticed that Vila Algarve was opening up I had to go. It's located in the old Sushi Factory spot in a plaza on the NW corner of Tropicana and Jones. It's a very spacious place. They've been open for only a couple weeks but I don't think many people know since the 2 times I've been there no one was there, for lunch and dinner.\n\nOpening up the menu you can either read the very delicious sounding descriptions or look at the very delicious looking pictures.  You can even ask the very friendly staff if they had any recommendations. I wanted everything and just started ordering, my eyes and my stomach were not on the same page. They have Portuguese chicken livers and giblets, Portuguese sausages, snails and frog legs, various pastas, curries, skewered meats, steaks, seafood, wraps, and desserts. I was told they use less seasoning in some of their food than usual to appeal to the people but they'll make it spicier if you wanted.\n\nThe Trinchado, from their menu were \"Cubes of meat marinated in red wine, grilled to perfection, cooked with trinchado creamy sauce and olives with pits, served with toasted bread.\" How do you not order it. It was good. I liked the creamy sauce and meat was perfect. Be aware that the olives are with pits and the pits are no joke when your teeth whack it. I'd order it again. There's an appetizer version and a full meal version.\n\nThe Halloumi Cheese, from their menu was \"cyrpus grilled goat cheese, served with sweet and sour or peri peri sauce.\" It was really salty and pretty good. Seems like it would be good with some beer. Eat it right away and don't let it cool down to much cause it gets hard. \n\nThe Dobrada Portuguesa was \"slow cooked ox tripe and broiled with mixed cheese.\" It was my favorite of the 3 items I've ordered. You either like tripe or dislike tripe and I like tripe covering it with cheese makes it even better. The smell is strong.\n\nThe interior is nice and clean with a big screen TV. The staff is very friendly and did everything right.\n\nWhat to expect after I write this review beside my multiple check-ins and picture posting? They're in the process of getting their liquor license. They already have a nice bar area setup as soon as they get to fill it with liquor and serve it up the better. They have what looked like a setup for live music. They have a lot of potential. I'd be back.