I really wish I could give this place two ratings; one for the selection and items, and one for the management.  The selection?  A solid 4 stars.  I'd give it a 5, but as another reviewer pointed out they don't sort their clothes by size.  You'll spend a looooooong time digging for that pair of jeans.  The management?  Zero stars.  Negative stars.  They darken the evening skies with their very presence.  \n\nI'll start with the good: you will find awesome stuff here, and you'll find it cheap.  Cheaper than most of the other area thrift stores, actually.  Clothes, art, housewares, books, rando weirdness that shouldn't exist but does...it's all here.  The bad?  That awesome, one of a kind thing you just found?  They maaaaay or may not sell it to you.  \n\nLook, I work at a non-profit as well.  The money's not exactly pouring in.  So I'm an avid thrift shopper (I think it's listed as a favorite activity in my profile...or maybe that's okcupid) and have been for the past 20+ years.  In all that time, I've never been told \"no\" when trying to purchase something.  Actually, since I turned 21 I don't think ANY store has ever told me no when I tried to give them my money.  Unfortunately, I was here recently and tried to buy an item that fell into the trap of \"not having a price tag.\"  To their credit, they do have signs stating that they won't sell unpriced items.  Just about every thrift store does.  But this is the first time (and maybe this is more common than not) that I've ever had management actually refuse to sell it as opposed to just quoting a price.  The manager wouldn't budge, and I was told to come back Monday.  When I asked what the difference was between selling it to me then, and selling it to me Monday, I got nowhere.  I was told that it had been \"sitting on the shelf for weeks\" and assured that it would still be there.  When I again pointed out that if it's just been sitting there they should probably just sell it to me, I again got nowhere and the manager carried it into the back room.  Aggravating to say the least, but okay, I'll play along.  \n\nFast forward two days to Monday when I go back as instructed, only to discover that the unsellable item was put back out on the floor and sold the day before!  Still without a price tag!  Imagine that.  I actually reached out to the head office to complain, and was told by the VP of Retail Operations that the price-tag rule is non-negotiable, and that (I'm copying and pasting directly from the email here) \"It is unfortunate that a few people suffer for this.\" \n\nAre you serious?  \n\nInstead of addressing the fact that your employees are leaving unsellable items on the shelves and your managers are turning away revenue, did you really just tell me that instead it's acceptable for your customers to \"suffer\" in order to shop at your store?  Wow.  I'm pretty sure you missed a few days in retail school, buddy.  \n\nSo yeah, you'll find awesome stuff here, and it'll probably be a good price.  Just inspect it thoroughly for that price before you get your heart set on it, and be fully aware that management wants to punish you like a naughty, naughty boy for shopping there.  \n\nAnd if you're the person that bought my plastic wizard I hope you enjoy it, jerk.