I'll try to be brief.  Visited Vegas for the first time last weekend and decided to stay at the Cosmopolitan.  Was there with a friend from Friday night to Monday morning.  I loved it!!  We were given a \"City View\" room with 2 Queen beds and the guy at the desk gave us options for which floor.  The room had a great view of part of the Strip to the left and mountains to the right (and the airport too).  It was perfectly large with super comfy beds and lots of pillows.  The bathroom is the nicest hotel bathroom I've ever used.  The stall-type shower is huge with a glass door on one side and a floor-to-ceiling window on the other side.  That window looked into the sleeping area but had blinds so you could decide if you were feeling voyeuristic or not...or if you just wanted to watch tv while you showered I guess.  The vanity section had double sinks and there was a separate toilet area...for those who care about that sort of thing.  I'm normally a frequenter of hotels in the Days Inn price range so this room was a real step up for me...but if you're going to go to Vegas, you might as well splurge a little and do it right!  It will be tough to go back to the economy hotels now.  \n\nThis place is beautiful and trendy.  It is modern but with a classic, throwback twist.  The decor is sleek but the details are old-school:  40s & 50s influences in some of the decor are in lots of places in the hotel.  From retro phones and sofas in the lobby to framed photos of pin-ups in the hallways, there is definitely a sexy, vintage vibe overlaying the sleek modernity of the place.  The lobby features ever changing video columns that correspond to videos in the elevators.  The Vesper bar in the lobby is glittery and classy.  The Chandelier bar is a 3-story bar inside a crystal chandelier - yes, inside.  Each of the 3 levels has different signature drinks so you can have a different experience at each level if you wish.  My friend & I tried a couple of the drinks on 2 of the levels and all were very tasty and well made.  \n\nWe knew we wanted to see a couple of shows while we were in Vegas so we opted to have the concierge take care of the tickets for us.  During the weekend, we spoke to 2 different concierges and both were incredibly nice and helpful.  They got us exactly what we wanted and we even got a great discount for one of the shows we saw.  The hotel has so many great restaurants, it would be easy just to do all your dining on site.  We had breakfast twice at The Henry which is by the casino downstairs at the entrance to the Strip.  The food was fantastic and hearty and the staff was attentive (but not too much) and wonderful.  We had dinner at Holstein's on our first night there (exhausted from traveling & very hungry) and weren't disappointed. I'm going to save my detailed comments about those places for my actual reviews of them rather than waste time here.\n\nI'm not going to say much about the casino here because that wasn't my main reason for choosing this hotel.  It seemed to me to be a pretty standard casino.  However, it does have a section in which girls dance on the bars during the course of the evening.  I didn't see that in other casinos so if that's your thing, there ya go.  There are shops in one of the towers (same tower as the restaurants and casino) and the building connects via covered walkway over the street to The Aria next door.  From there you can walk via another over street walkway to The Mandarin or you can take a tram to a couple of the other nearby hotels which is convenient.\n\nGenerally speaking, I loved this place.  It is not a family-friendly place, in my opinion (which I'm good with since I don't have kids).  It seems to cater more toward the young professional through to the slightly less young professional (that'd be my age group).  I liked the details and the staff were incredibly friendly, helpful, and genuine.  The only negatives I can really comment on were the less than clean hallway carpet and the apparent length of time it takes to come pick up room service trays\/carts.  There were a couple of times I saw trays\/carts outside of rooms on my hallway and they would sit there for hours and hours...overnight in one case.  I would say it is pricey, but I knew what I was getting into so that is a non-issue.  Oh, and random fact:  the bedside table didn't contain a Bible, but had a book of erotic Japanese art instead.\n\nAnd, clearly I didn't succeed in being brief.