What makes this station special is that it has a McDonald's counter that's half inside the station and half outside the station.  In other words you can buy food here while inside the station or not.  \n\nThe station itself is as aged as many of the others like Islington not getting anything as far as a facelift is concerned.  Dufferin has some new tiles and Museum is a whole new look of cool.  Dundas West has sort of been forgotten along with many of the other stations out there, neglected and left to just serve and stand pat.\n\nThe sort of added importance to this station is that it sort of coincides with a new Union-Pearson Express station that is not connected but rather up the street.  It may seem like a decent way to get to the airport but that costs much more (over 20 dollars for an adult) one way.  Why Metrolinx selected this location to have a quasi connection to Bloor I don't know but Dundas West is the closest subway station not named Union to be on this line.\n\nAs far as buses go the 168 Symington goes from Dundas West up Symington, Davenport and Old Weston to Rogers and turns just at Weston Road.  \n\nThe 40 Junction is sort of a short route.  It goes north on Dundas and stays on Dundas all the way to just west of Runnymede.  This equates to about 4 subway stations and back but provides service through the area known as \"Junction\".  This area crosses many major streets that have their own buses like Runnymede, High Park, Keele and Annette\/Dupont.\n\nThe much longer lines out of DW are both street car routes the 504 King and 505 Dundas.  The 505 rides along Dundas and all the way to Broadview and then up to Danforth and Broadview at Broadview station.  The 504 rides down Roncesvalles to King street and rides King to Broadview as well and then like the 505 rides Broadview up to Broadview station at Danforth.\n\nBoth the 504 and 505 can take the better part of 10 minutes to get south of Bloor after beginning to leave the actual stop at the station.  The streetcars have to worm their way to a right turn onto Dundas basically cars have to let the streetcar in and then they have to cross the intersection of Bloor which can also take several lights depending on traffic.  Because these aren't dedicated lanes it can take a while.\n\nBecause of the mix of both buses, streetcars and subway and with the new addition of another nearby train station, Dundas West is quite the mix and it's a pretty busy station.