Everytime I'm in vegas I need to make a stop here. It's convenient if you're staying on the strip or downtown. We just don't have these in Hawaii yet. \n\nCall them and make an appt they are open till really late (midnight I think) they'll text you back confirmation and address. IF your BF is local like mine he's still not comfortable with a male masseuse (LOL) then request if you prefer male or female. They are usually good at accommodating you even with large parties and requests.  \n\nI always go with the 30$\/1 hour massage because you just can't beat the price. I usually tip 10$ because they are awesome.\n\nHere's the scoops before you go so you wont be surprised or disappointed.   This is NOT luxury spa place you will not get a robe and a private zen quiet  room. (They have 2 private rooms and may place you there) but there's a large room that you might be placed in, and there might be others in there.  But truthfully it's all good it's still clean and youll have your own massage chair. \n\nLadies- remove your jewelry and watch,tie your hair up if possible, wear comfortable clothing think about wearing a shirt that is button down the front and don't get your hair done before you go. \n\nGuys remove your jewelry and comfortable clothing.\n\nWhat to expect...you'll sit upright first and put your feet in a tub of hot water, they will massage your neck and shoulders, then you'll lie down face up and they will give you a head\/neck massage, then Arms then your legs and your feet.  Then they'll ask you to flip over on your stomach and they will also massage your lower, middle and upper back. Guys can remove your shirt and they will ask the ladies of you want to as well, if you do then they will use massage oil and massage you.  Lastly they will rub you with hot stones and then use heated wet towels to rub off all the oil from your body and to ensure your feet are not oily. \n\nBy now you'll feel like JELLO! I love this place, please speak up if you want them to concentrate in certain areas or if you need it harder of softer.   Yesterday I had Xing he's good such strong fingers it was heavenly;) \n\nThe massage quality is a 5 star however I had to deduct one because when it's crowded you can hear other people if they're not considerate and it's a little hectic in there at times.