This is one of the rare times where I felt an independent coffee shop may have lost the focus of providing a great drink and atmosphere to enjoy it in.  The actual location is gorgeous... honestly one of the nicest places in Toronto but with a slightly above average drink and a really uninviting atmosphere, I feel this spot missed the mark.\n\n4 for location.  3 for drinks.  2 for atmosphere.  \n\nI've read the reviews before coming and saw there was a lukewarm or negative reviews about the experience.  I've seen the same for Dark Horse's Canary location and my experience was actually good there.  Unfortunately I have to agree with the negatives here.  I dont think the lead supervisor or staff cares about what happens outside the barista area.  \n\nSo the positives first, the space is just amazing.  Probably one of the nicest coffee shops I've ever seen in Toronto and possibly Canada.  Vaulted ceilings with exposed old brick walls and large timber beams that give a wonderful character and warmth to it.  The massive windows just lets in a lot of beautiful sunlight.  There's an upper alcove that has smaller tables and it's a more intimate space but the main areas have large communal tables that sit in the sun.\n\nAnnnnnnd then you have the goat music blaring.  No... not Greatest Of All Time.  But modern folk music that sounds like a bleating goat.  I kid you not.  Before 11 am, it was chill and cool but when a particular barista arrived, she flipped the music immediately and made it LOUD.  I had a hard time talking to the person beside me.  She was happily singing to it while everyone at the tables was wondering what happened.  I've never seen a barista completely oblivious to the cafe space before.  Suffice to say, we wanted to leave immediately. \n\nFlat White - The beans they used gave the drink a higher acidic taste.  It also had a stronger bitterness that drew away from the drink.  It wasn't a bad drink but it wasn't a good one.  It wasn't watery but the espresso flavour wasn't pleasant.  3\/5\n\nHoney Cardamom latte - I tried something new and though I tasted sweetness, it was sugary instead of honey and I didn't taste any cardamom.  I feel that FIKA did the same drink much better and a better balance to the espresso.  This one I would pass unless you like Starbucks style sweetness and lack of coffee flavour. 3\/5\n\nIf the atmosphere would change, I would say this would be a decent spot but with the current atmosphere, I don't think I would be returning.