My fianc and I moved into this complex so we could go to school. At first we lived in a studio and eventually had to upgrade because our neighbors woke us up at least once a week at 130 in the morning because one of them kept yelling or beating someone up. Not only did we complain and basically get the run a round we found out that the manager was to afraid to do anything so we thought we would move to another apartment but the noise from next door wasn't the only problem. We had nasty carpet that had seen at least 5 other tenants with bad cleaning habits,we had mold which they never fixed. Our stove kept catching fire when I tried to cook, by the way only 2 elements on the stove top actually worked and every time we complained about it they sent the handy man, only nice staff member, to fix it he could fix it because it was on its last leg and they should have got use another one. The plumbing was a real issue as well the toilet would back up constantly and the dishwasher would back up and smell up the whole apartment. When we got the chance to upgrade to a newly renovated apartment we jump on it. Unfortunately the problems didn't end with the studio unit. Mold again was a big issue. Within a month the hallway ceiling started leaking and we called for someone to fix it, the handyman came in and vacuumed up the water in the ceiling and fixed the issue. One of the windows in front broke so they sent what they said we're contractors to fix the issue , they put the new window in jacked up the whole wall that connected to the door frame which after that did not attach to the floor their solution for fixing this was putting a bunch of putty in the giant hole in the floor to connect the door frame to the floor so when we had to open our door the whole wall moved. That issue was never fixed when we moved out last week on 7\/19\/13 it still was a major issue . It let all sorts of bugs such as cockroaches into our apartment we complain several times and mind you this issue happened shortly after we moved into this apartment in 2012 of August. The same neighbors that were next to us in our studio we're now all across the courtyard from us the gentleman and I use that word very loosely started to harass us when we tried to complain we got the same run around we got before. The apartment general manager said all she needed was a police report saying they were an issue and she would have picked him I personally called the police several times still nothing happened. Plumbing with yet another issue in this apartment. The toilet kept backing up and overflowing. The final straw with this \napartment complex was when the plumbing in the bathroom went awry. The toilet overflowed spewing out fecal matter and god knows what else throughout our apartment flooding into the bathroom to the bedroom the living room the hallways and almost into the kitchen my fiance was the only one home so he had to call maintenance he got a hold of the assistant to the manager who said we will send somebody right up. Maintenance did not get there for another 45 minutes. When he did get there he back and up 30 to 40 percent of the water on the floor and told my fiance and I that we had to clean up the rest including fecal matter. Not only did they not give us the option of getting to another apartment while this apartment was cleaned or even telling us to go to a motel and footing the bill , but they made us clean it it was not fun we finally had enough and went to Arizona tenant advocate for help they got us out of our lease and we moved into a beautiful apartment complex. There are so many other issues with this apartment complex that I have not listed but trust me if you do want to live in a ---- hole, pardon my language, this place would be perfect for you. But if you want a place where you can live breathe fresh air that is not mildew and moldy nastiness then keep looking for an apartment. Another big issue with this place is only one person, the general manager, can take rent payment from you we end up being late because she didn't show up 2 days when she normally does we went in at least four different times during those two days to try and pay our bill and only have the assistant manager tell us she couldn't accept debit card payment. All in all this place should be condemned and the people running it should be fined for letting people live in this horrible place.\nUnlike the past review from someone who did not live there, I did! Plus I did not live in the Club house!