Just like the greatest gifts, this was a review I was hesitant to share with others since a part of me wanted to keep it for myself!  Having read all the stellar reviews, I had to see for myself if this was truly the cat's pajamas.  I currently live in Henderson and given that I usually have to go into the office at 8AM, I got up an extra half hour early just so I could make the trek across town to check out this oasis of French bakery nirvana hidden within a sterile collection of office buildings.  \n\nUpon walking in, I was momentarily levitated by the smells of fresh baked croissants and Illy coffee much like those 80s cartoons where the streams of smoke coming from a pie or turkey physically grabbed one's nose and dragged them over to the prize.  The folks working behind the counter include a charming young Frenchman appropriately named Olivier along with his mother, a retired pastry chef in France brought out of retirement to help his son run the business over the past few years.  My primary objective was to sample the pain au chocolate (chocolate croissant) but I found out from Olivier that they typically are not ready until about 830 since they require a different temperature to bake in their limited ovens.  That kind of attention to detail sold me to the fact that these were true artisans (In the words of Ron Burgundy to Baxter upon finding out he pooped in the refrigerator....\"Heck, I'm not even mad....that's amazing!) \n\nI happily opted instead to sample their regular croissant combined with spinach, egg, swiss cheese, sundried tomato pesto, and black forest ham accompanied by a regular cup of Illy coffee (although the Almond roca mocha will be tops on my list for my return visit).  Having had memorable croissants made by bakers trained in France in Seattle, Portland, and San Francisco, I must say this one holds up.   Irresistibly flaky, one should best lean forward when biting into this paragon of buttery perfection at the risk of scattering croissant confetti all over one's clothes.  Throw in a rich dark brew of Illy coffee and pleasant conversation with Olivier (I found out he will occasionally brew his own hemp milk for the customers, which apparently has all sorts of health benefits and is very delicious.....how unbelievably cool is that?), and you're well on your way to starting your day on a an impossible high.  I am literally contemplating moving to the SW part of town just so that this place can be a regular morning pit stop en route to work...crazy, right?  It's that good.