I'm so confused by the amazing reviews. Maybe I just came on a really off day, but Cherryblossom Cafe was both extremely underwhelming in terms of food and service. \n\nThe interior has a dimly-lit, cozy ambiance, but it was really, really hot inside (and I usually dislike air conditioning). That coupled with the small space and coziness of the tables made for a very uncomfortable lunch. Our waitress was probably exhausted from the heat and lunchtime rush as well, and she seemed short and irritable as she took our order. She checked on us all of one time in the long 45-minute wait before the food came, and we had to try repeatedly to flag down a server for water refills. Asking for the check took similarly long, to the point where we walked up to the counter to pay. \n\nJapchae:\nThis was probably the worst rendition of this Korean noodle dish I've ever had. It was a smaller appetizer potion, hence the lower price point. The noodles were thinner than usual, severely undercooked, and salty to the point of being inedible. The beef slices were thin and over-marinated so they were even saltier than the other components of the dish. I tried a few mouthful because I was so hungry by the time this came, but each mouthful of crunchy noodles was less palatable than the last.\n\nYakisoba:\nSimilarly to the japchae, this dish was deathly salty. To add insult to injury, the vegetables and some of the meat were burnt. I think they were probably at be bottom of the wok during stir-frying and left there for too long. I'm a fan of the toasty flavor of wok break, but not when the ingredients are bitter. I thought the noodles were a touch underdone, but it wasn't as bad as the japchae. As far as stir-fried. noodles go, I wouldn't order this again.\n\nChampon:\nThis dish wasn't bad, as the soup wasn't too salty and there was a good portion of seafood. I liked the baby octopus, squid, and shrimp. The noodles were chewy and elastic, and the portion was pretty large.\n\nCha-shu ramen:\nThis was probably the best dish of the meal, as the broth was creamy and flavorful. I wouldn't say it was authentic because I didn't get that pork broth flavor I usually look for in my ramen, but the flavor was pleasant. The noodles were undercooked so the center was slightly crunchy, but I let them soak in the hot broth for about ten minutes and they were fine. The pork had been cooked and refrigerated, but it's rare to find a restaurant that doesn't do this since cha-shu takes a while to cook.\n\nI probably won't be back, although I didn't try the sushi and that's what other tables around me seemed to order instead of noodle dishes. Based on my experience, I wouldn't recommend this restaurant for its namesake: noodles.