Emeril's Delmonico Steakhouse is located in the Venetian hotel, slightly across from the Blue Man Group Theatre. To be honest, I even liked Chef Emeril much. Never cared about his shows or his cooking. Guess he made me a believer after this one night dining at Delmonico. We made reservations through Open Table for a party of 12 on a Saturday night. We wanted 6:30pm but were only given the options of 5pm or 9pm (FYI, reservations were made about two weeks in advance). We weren't about to pig out then hit the night life scene all bloated and passing gas so we settled for 5pm which worked out anyways. Gave us plenty of time to digest and chill. \n\nWe checked in with the three pretty hostesses and were offered to have a seat in their lounge area until our table was ready. Barely five minutes passed and our maître d' came out to fetch us. Unfortunately, he wasn't as easy on the eyes as the hostess. However, he took care of us the entire night. I apologize for not remembering his name because he's worth mentioning and deserve recognition: Caucasian, arrogant looking but very proper and attentive, and had a dark humor side to him. \n\nThe establishment is quite simple but still very classy. It's dimly lit for you romantic types; unfortunately this was a bromance between 12 obnoxious dudes. The dining rooms and distance between tables were spacious enough so you're able to have some sort of privacy. You can tell that they didn't try to over do the interior design of the place. It's an elegant and clean look.\n\nWe all decided to bypass appetizers and drinks and just went straight for the entrees and side dishes. We figured we'll be pounding enough booze later on the night. After recently having some awesome buffalo in Wyoming, I decided to order the Three Peppercorn Crusted American Buffalo Rib-eye with Caramelized Cipollini Onions and Brandy Peppercorn reduction ($50). For those of you who are already raising an eyebrow, this chunk of meat was by far gamey. It well cooked, very tender, and seemed to have less fat that then regular bone in rib eye. Personally, medium rare is the way to go. I sampled the bone in rib eye from my friend's plate and I have to say that the buffalo is the unanimous winner. A few of the other guys who are traditional beef carnivores decided to try the buffalo also agreed that the buffalo was well worth the try. Not to dock the rib eye because that was still very legit.\n\nFor sides, we ordered two of the following to share: Sautéed Garlic Wild Mushrooms ($11), New Orleans Creamed Spinach ($9), and the Creamed Corn Gratinee ($11). It was the perfect amount of sides for the entire table, not over killing it yet a decent amount for each person. All sides were very delish and complimented our meals perfectly.\n\nEverything could not have gone smoother. The 12 of us had a nice corner to ourselves. Service was top notch. Occasionally, they brought out 4-5 servers at once to present all the entrees to us all at the same time. Our drinks never ran dry and we were always checked up on every so often. The chef even sent out a sampling which was ground duck rice ball in a sweet and sour sauce. That could've easily been an appetizer order all together and we would've happily ordered it. Even the pricing was quite affordable considering the caliber of the steak house Delmonico is. I am quite impressed with what Chef Emeril has done with this restaurant. Big Props to him and the entire staff for an outstanding meal. I do look forward to future visits.