I was somewhat familiar with Andy Warhol due to his trio-styled, multi-colored portraits of celebrities that seemed to be everywhere in the 80s or was that the 70s?  Eh, who's counting!  Then I learned a little bit more after my other guilty pleasure Andy Cohen raved so much about Andy Warhol and modeled his own book \"The Andy Cohen Diaries:  A Deep Look Into a Shallow Year\" after \"The Andy Warhol Diaries.\"  So naturally, I was thrilled and intrigued to find out that there is an entire museum dedicated to the works of Andy Warhol in Pittsburgh.  Our visit was on a Tuesday morning, and it was not too crowded at that time (they are closed on Mondays so don't blow it).  There is a parking lot conveniently located catty corner.  Inside you will pay $20 admission and be issued a cool little blue metal tag to pin to your clothes (for whatever reason, all the city museums want you to wear an admission tag\/sticker of some sort).  \n\nThe recommendation is to start on the 7th floor and work your way down as the collection is set up chronologically.  Seven floors may sound daunting, but it is not -- the building is rather small compared to most museums.  We did it in about 2 hours primarily because many of the rooms were closed off due to staff working on mounting\/dismounting pieces of the collection.  This was very disappointing because once you get a taste of this art you want more.  It's not your typical art museum, it's very easy on the eyes and user friendly (critics would say because it's not art, it's commercial print or advertising, blah, blah, blah!  Perhaps they forget that art is very subjective, and who has a museum exclusively to hold one's own collection of work?). Anyway, those rooms being closed off is our one big complaint.  Why can't the rooms be worked on at night when the museum is closed?  Mr. Warhol himself worked all kinds of crazy hours at his factory.  It would seem apropos for museum staff to do the same.  \n\nWe had several favorite spots in the museum.  My first one was Mr. Warhol's portraits of women's shoes.  Gotta love a man that loves shoes as much as I do!  Then there was the boy picking his nose.  Next, was the interactive silver cloud room.  So simple, yet so fun.  Warhol considered it floating sculpture.  Then there was a sampling of Warhol's traveling multi-media show where he projected his 16 mm films while a band called the Velvet Underground played.  It felt very similar to our experience at Monkeytown a few months back (hmm, did Monkeytown \"borrow\" the concept from\nWarhol?)  And of course, our all time favorite was the 11 Elvis' or Elvi?  \n\nOur visit was complete with a stop at the gift shop full of stuff no one needs, but I couldn't resist a shoe portrait and fridge magnets.  They also have a cute little coffee shop\/cafe on the first floor.  Really enjoyed this place.  If I were a local, I would be here on a regular basis.