Pool day are always wonderful. I had been looking for an 18+ pool party for EDC but had no such luck. I ended up just searching Las Vegas pools and Vdara popped up. I remember they had a nice pool and it was a non gaming hotel. I gave them a call on Friday and asked about pricing for cabanas and daybeds. Cabanas on Saturday start at $250 and daybeds start at $75. There was only going to be three of us and I like daybeds for so we went for that. With he $75 you get two waters and a fruit plate. I decided to make a reservation just to be safe. The concierge took all my information and confirmed my booking. We ended up at Vdara around noon. We walked in and check in for our daybed. They let us get the pick of the daybed of our choice. We go the ones close to the exit that were covered. Our hostess grabbed our towels and walked us over. We sat down and stared taking a look at the menu. Pool pricing is to inflated. $14 for a small pina colada? Well, it sounded delicious and of course I got one. We also ordered the loaded nachos. While waiting we decided to jump in the pool. We threw off our shoes and started walking to the pool. GOD DAMN the floor is hot!!! We jumped in and the water felt amazing!!! I think there pool was heated but I'm not sure. I forgot to ask. While in the pool our nachos arrived and we jumped out and started to grub. They were delicious. I thing I really liked was they has feta cheese on them. So good. They also came with regular nacho cheese, jalapenos, red peppers, and big chicken pieces. You can also order beef. After we finished the nachos we got in the pool again. Before we were ready to leave we ordered our fruit plate and water and asked for the check. They brought out the 2 smart waters and fruit plate. They fruit plate came with pineapple, honeydew, and cantaloupe. I'm not a fan of the 2 latter but I got down on the pineapple. There was all these little balls of fruit to make it look cool and there was watermelon and that was delicious. Wish there was more watermelon and pineapple. It also came with a weird dipping yogurt looking sauce. We couldn't figure out what it was and just moved it to the side. All and all the bill came out to $50 per person, not bad for a pool day. Vdara is a nice relaxing place to layout and get sun kissed.