I have only but a few things that I absolutely NEED to remember everyday before I jet off for work, and one of those things is my coffee mug.  Typically I leave it in my car, but lately I've been pushing myself to bike the 11 miles in the morning, so its been coming inside with me at night.  Well, Wednesday I forgot my mug...\n\nTherefore I figured it would be a good reason to try Inza!\n\nI rolled in around 7:30 am, a good hour before I needed to get to my destination, so I had a chance to sit and sip for a while, taking it all in.  I was happy with the atmosphere.  There was a group of six or so men sitting in the back, commenting on recent news - specifically about the big money horse auction that just took place.  You don't see this in every coffeeshop, I might add, so I was very pleased with the 'life' in there.\n\nThe staff was lively, as well.  The three baristas were goofing around when I approached the counter - which I like - but quickly responded to me when I stepped up to order.  The girl that helped me was bright and cheery, and the men at her sides were equally as chipper.  Good energy, all around.\n\nAs for the space, its unique and it works.  To fill the massive void of space in the ceiling, they've constructed a hanging roof of small timbers and painted metal sheeting that provides for a nice feel.  The signage is bright, clear, and uses elegant, yet easy to read fonts - a big plus in my book.\n\nAlso unique was the coffee condiments area.  It's located at the rear of the shop - out of the way of commotion - and it includes more than your standard issue.  Cinnamon, vanilla, honey, stevia sweetener, and three types of milk\/cream are offered.  There's also two very handy platforms that extend out slightly, allowing the customer to set their drink in a dedicated area, eliminating those instances when you have to clear an area for your coffee just to splash some cream in it.\n\nGenius.\n\nAll in all, I really like this place and I'll definitely be back.  The only negative comment I have is that you are not given a free cup of coffee when you buy their mug.  I've purchased \"house cups\" at many independent coffee shops around the country, and I've always been offered a free fill up with my initial purchase.  Not only that, the mugs are very low quality, and the Inza logo scrapes right off.\n\nBut at least they offer a house cup, which is more than I can say about most coffee shops...\n\nIf you're in the neighborhood, give Inza a try!  You can't see it from Shea, though.  Its behind Maloney's.  Its the first shopping center west of the 101, and North of Shea.  Look for the Hummers parked out front in the morning (there was 3 the morning I stopped in)... WTF???\n\nScottsdale cracks me up.  Everyday.