Before going to A Pig in a Fur Coat I found myself looking at the giant pile of 5 star reviews on Yelp and thought, \"this place is too good to be true.\" Boy, was I wrong!\n\nA Pig in a Fur Coat served my party the best meal that I have had the experience of enjoying since moving to Madison,WI. You can stop reading the review here if you like. Trust me.\n\nI see you're still reading so I guess you want details, fine.\n\nOur party of three arrived at the restaurant and were promptly seated at a table with two other parties, \"strange I thought, but let's go with it.\" I was already getting a bit of a hipster, trendy vibe from the place. It was small, dimly lit, and had hilarious food puns and pig pictures scattered about. It was somewhat charming.\n\nThe server came by and explained the menu is for sharing, think Spanish Tapas style. We ordered a few glasses of wine, and we were off. I ended up with a glass of Rhone table wine for the evening, which came with an adorable personal decanter. I've never really seen anything like it.\n\nAt this point I realize, while the conversation of the other two parties at the shared table can be heard, we have plenty of space. The shared table is no longer much of a concern.\n\nThe first dish arrives, a charcuterie board that I don't have a picture of because our bear pack was hungry and inhaled the various meats and cheeses. Pleasant, well done, and I'm thankful for the paired glass of wine at this point. The board included a liver pate; I know, liver. The pate was not grainy at all and well done. Surprisingly, I enjoyed it almost as much as I enjoyed the date jam on the board.\n\nIf there is one dish on the menu that you need to order, it's the stuffed dates with chorizo and piquillo peppers and a spicy tomato sauce. The sweetness of the dates paired well with the spice of the chorizo and peppers. Perfection. Cut it into pieces to make it last longer!\n\nDuck fat fries, yes that phrase is all over this Yelp page so I am typing it again for emphasis. They were awesome and exactly what you would expect. Beware, you will have visions of a triple bypass 30 years from now while eating them.\n\nNext up, duck egg and ricotta ravioli with asparagus and brown butter, this was the MVP of the meal. All of the ingredients meshed well together, from the sweet to the savory. Protip, dip your remaining duck fat fries in the brown butter, you will thank me latter.\n\nAt this point, we were stuffed. Our server, of course, persuaded us to get a dessert. We settled on sfingi with chocolate sauce, which is essentially chocolate donuts covered in a warm chocolate grenache. Warning! These are very hot and delicious. They are pleasantly sweet but not too sweet and not too dense.\n\nAfter dinner wrapped up and the check was taken care of. I stepped away to use the restroom. I think my experience in the restroom is the only bad thing I can say about the establishment. The bathroom was incredibly dirty! It had one tiny trashcan (smaller than what you are imagining, think of a large coffee can for scale). That one tiny trash can was completely overflowing and had a mess of toilet paper, scraps, and general nastiness in a 2 foot radius around it. Considering, the amazing food, I am going to forgive the mess.\n\nWe enjoyed every single dish that A Pig in a Fur Coat threw at us. Very rarely do I walk away from a restaurant feeling so completely satisfied with every single menu item that was ordered, the service, the wine list, and the ambiance. I think I'm in love... with a restaurant?!\n\nI imagine that this will not be our last trip to A Pig in a Fur Coat, and that we will be back alone and with visiting foodie friends who deserve to be wowed by top quality food and the relaxed, quaint atmosphere. \n\nPig, let's be friends, with benefits.