Here's why they get the rating they do:\n\n1. I inquired online about a 2013 Veloster with 2k miles that was 18,995. I was contacted the next day via email by 'sherma little' who wanted to know when I'd like to test drive the car. I set up an appointment for a Saturday and went in to check out the car. When I got there she advised me they had just sold the car a few hours ago, but \"she could get me a great deal on a new 2014 Veloster.\" I was now a tad annoyed since I had driven all the way from Gilbert for this car...but thought I'd give this other car a chance. The car was great, but that great deal she was talking about was selling me the car at 26k. Now, how a 7k increase in price is a 'great deal' is beyond me. I advised her I would not purchase this car unless it came down in price at least a couple grand in difference from the one I was expecting. She then stated she would like to run my credit to get me the best deal to which I declined until I was happy with the price tag (she kept trying to get me to have her run my credit throughout the whole negotiations process but to no avail). They did not like that at all.(which I expected and was aware they would not lower it, it'd be a huge loss). So then I asked if they had anything else in a 19k+- price range. This is where I went wrong. \n\n2. Sherma offered to check if they could get me any other Veloster's at the price I requested, which at first I was a little resistant to do so (at this point j just wanted out of there)...however she then resorted to bringing out her sales manager (or whatever he was - high pressure sales rep). I didn't really mind her getting some help to sell a vehicle, but this guy was a piece of work. As soon as he came out he demanded my friend who came with me put his phone away and I sit down because he doesn't like staring up when he talks. I was a little baffled and annoyed, but I sat and decided to humor this guy...I had some time to waste. He then told me that they couldn't do anything about the Veloster but wanted to know if I was \"flexible.\" I unfortunately said yes (I do not ever suggest you say yes. If you have your mind set on a car stick to that, don't sway sway away because you'll regret your purchase) and so began a hunt for a Hyundai Elantra. Prior to even looking I wasn't really interested in the car, It just didn't conform to my taste. \n\n3. We finally picked out two Elantra's. A 2014 one for 20k and a 2015 one for 24k+-. I advised them I'd prefer the black one that was closer to my price range and wasn't brand new, since my intention was not a spanking new car. Unfortunately now this 'arrogant' high pressure sales man kept pushing to sell a 2015 standard Elantra to me for around 20k+-. I advised him that I didn't want a base model, I wanted the 2014 limited edition with all the bells and whistles for the 20k it cost. He then again tried to shove the 2015 base model in stating they were pretty sure the 2014 sold. I again reiterated that a base model would not suffice because it would be a downgrade from my current vehicle (2013 Honda Civic LX ). He then argued: \"you're not getting the same car, you are getting a brand new car with 0 miles, 10yr warranty, best in class..\" All those fun little facts most people don't even care about unless you're a mom with kids. Eventually we finally agreed on the 2015 limited Elantra. After doing all the numbers the total came out to roughly 30k. 30k for a freaking Elantra?! Are you serious right now? I literally chuckled and said politely \"I'm sorry, I'm going to have to pass.\" His reaction to that was a loud \"what the hell?!\" I simply replied I wasn't interested and I just really had my heart set on a Veloster. I then asked for my keys back to my Honda so u could leave. He then got up and as he walked into his little glass fortress office to get my keys he blurts out \"well at least I'll be driving home in a nice car today.\" I found that quite arrogant seeing as my car is a new car, and I'm only trading it because I want to, not because of a need. The high pressure sales guy comes back out with their boss (some big guy I'd assume is their boss) who asks me with my keys on his hand why they lost business. I explain why and the guy just nods his head, hands me the keys to my car and tells me to have a great day. At this point, I'd say this man was probably the most reasonable person there. He understood what I wanted, knew he couldn't help and sent me on my way. \n\n---------------\n\nAnyway, I'm happy to say that after I was done here I stopped at Earnhardt Hyundai of North Scottsdale on my way home where I found a 2013 Veloster Turbo with more options, similar miles, the color I wanted and the same price as the one that LMH sold. \n\nSo thanks guys for being such jerks, I wouldn't have found the car I really wanted without your help!