I've been wanting to come here for such a long time and I'm pretty sad that I was disappointed. I had such high hopes! \n\nMyself and 6 coworkers ate here on a Friday for lunch. It was pretty empty. \n\nService was odd. You know when someone talks too damn much. Yes, that was my experience. The server even sat down with us and was talking. Now, I'm all about a good conversation but it was just awkward because we were having a farewell lunch. She even told us that her manager was throwing paper towels at her because they were so bored earlier.Eh, okay. \n\nThey have have the same menu for brunch, lunch, and dinner and have restrictions to the menu depending on the times you dine in. I saw so many items that I wanted to try but unfortunately could not. Server told us that the food would come out half and half because the kitchen needed the tickets halved and would cook them one half at a time. She stated that the tickets would be too long and would set the kitchen on fire- what lol? Just a little weird. \n\nThe food was disappointing. I ordered the half (6in) shrimp po boy. Shrimp was nicely seasoned but taste could have been stronger- it just tasted like normal fried shrimp. I also ordered the crab macaroni and cheese. Now, there is NO crab in it. They take the seasoned crab juices and put it in the macaroni and cheese for flavoring. It was definitely good but I won't be ordering again- if they put some crab in it that would make the dish delicious. \n\n3 other people ordered wings. 1 of them received the wrong type. Was told they were cold and we're just \"okay\". Another coworker got the shrimp po boy and ate it with no complaints. Another coworker ordered the andouille with red beans and rice. I was informed that the andouille was salty. My boss ordered the jambalaya and also informed us that hers was salty. The jalapeño cornbread reportedly had good flavor but was dry- it did not look moist whatsoever. \n\nThey do give you a discount if you have a work badge which is nice for them to offer. \n\nThe bathrooms are, eh. They do have an ATM if you do need it near the bathrooms. They have posters up of events that they hold but there is a cover charge for some of the evening events.