In summary, PLEASE avoid this salon. \n\nOther than this place being - extremely unhygienic (nail equipment very dirty; fake nails all over the floor; equipment not washed after use; etc), the end result... looks sloppy, smudged, and as though a child has been practising on you. \n\nI thought I would save some money by going to this place. I thought, how bad could it actually be? Very cheap prices - and paying a high price for beauty doesn't necessarily mean the service is better, right? \n\n\n- Firstly. To remove polish on my feet, the woman demanded that I put my feet in her lap. She then proceeded to remove normal nail polish - on my feet - with a DRILL. I asked her why she was doing this. She did not understand.\n\n- No one at this salon can speak English or French. To even ask something as simple as specifying whether or not you want your nails to be filed 'Square' or 'Round' - they did not understand. There is 1 girl that is at this salon who simply translates for everyone else (she only speaks French). \n\n- Women who were getting pedicures - after their pedicures were done - would be asked to sit in a random chair (separate from the pedicure booths), and they would also have to put their feet in someone's lap to have their polish sloppily put on. They always removed polish (on every woman's feet) with a drill, rather than... nail polish remover. \n\n- A nail tech and a customer got into a really loud argument... out of nowhere. The customer asked the price; the nail tech. started yelling at her. So ghetto. \n\n- The polish looked terrible. The technician had applied it all over my skin. I had to complain twice for them to fix it - but it still looked extremely sloppy. \n\n- Now, I also went to refill my gel nails. I had to wait for a very long time because only one person does the refills; one person removes the polish; one person does the color. The person that did this refill was the only man there. He did it hurriedly; I asked him to fix it. He didn't understand.\nThe polish was, again, put on very sloppily. A woman put the UV gel over the polish. The end result? My nails look like they were just painted and I purposefully went out of my way to smudge each one. I didn't even know it was possible for polish to be applied so badly at a nail salon. \n\n- They offer waxing. Whatever you want waxed, they will do it in the middle of the salon (since they don't have another room). Meaning, you will be asked to sit down in a chair beside someone. A nail tech. will stop what she's doing and.. wax you. \n\nIn short; ladies that value the appearance of your nails - this has to be the worst nail salon to go to. Don't even go here if you're desperate. They will make whatever you have worse.