I live in the area and sadly, this is the closest FRYS there is. I ONLY shop there when I'm low on funds in my bank account and can't afford to go to SAFEWAY. For starters, this is a busy store. Always packed. Never enough cashier lines open. Often out of grocery carts inside the store, and it makes for a great time going back out to the parking lot to get your own cart in 100+ degree weather. NOT! Where are the carryouts?? Cashiers for the most part are very unfriendly (especially one woman sho seems to be some sort of manager; Possibly of Latino\/Black heritage). She loves to glare at customers and snap at them. Really lady?? Really? I could have sworn it was HER JOB to provide good customer service. (not in this lifetime) So how she promoted to any type of management position is very suspect. She looks like she's done time in one of Joe's Tent Cities and was probably the \"power on the yard\". She exhibits all the friendliness and warmth of a clenched fist. Combined with all the above, when you are lucky enough to have a carryout bag your groceries, you will find yourself re-bagging half your items before putting them in the trunk of your car, due to the ineptness of the hired help.  Also, there's nothing like trying to navigate past all the ghetto dwellers and their children who are busy throwing items down the aisle or just taking up an entire aisle altogether, making it impossible to shop.  I've also found open food containers (yummy!) and I've witnessed kids coughing all over produce and putting their dirty hands all over items you were just about to bag and buy.  There never seems to be what I would call \"attentive\" staff or managers around. This is a very sad example of a FRYS grocery store. Jump on the freeway and take a drive to 32nd Street and Bell Road, and check out that particular FRYS. They can't do enough to help you. Managers are always available and I've never had a bad or dirty experience there. They have lots of open cashier lines too. The Camelback FRYS could learn A LOT from the one on 32nd and Bell. (like, EVERYTHING).