I arrived at the Frick Museum early to see \"Killer Heels\" (this will be reviewed separately) and wanted to have lunch at the cafe. I went over there at 11:00 when they opened and inquired about a reservation. I called upon arrival and left a message. They recognized my message and said I could dine on the patio at my appointed time. I later learned they were have a bus group in at noon for the main dining room. I was grateful they were able to accommodate me.\n\nSince it was a nice day I opted for that. I arrived on time and was seated promptly. I was attended to immediately by a very nice waiter who went over the specials of the day. I opted for the salmon over asparagus,with broccoli and pea shoots from their greenhouse.\n\nI got my meal within a reasonable time frame. I was told the pea shoots were indeed edible and my meal was very good. Please note they do offer a price fixe menu which includes a cup of soup or salad, entree and dessert for $28.00. The other options you can get is soup or salad, whole sandwich and dessert for $24.00 or the same thing with half sandwich for $20.00. I decided just to go with this special and order a dessert.\n\nI learned the lady at the next table ordered the blackberry creme brûlée for dessert but when I saw it I was overwhelmed at how big it was. When my waiter offered me choices I asked for something smaller. He then told me that all their desserts except the creme brûlée come from Signature desserts in Squirrel Hill and they have another shop in Castle Shannon. I opted for the apple fringed tart dessert. He explained to me that they have their desserts sent in fresh daily and they just cut slices out of whatever selection they are given for that day. The creme brûlée  he told me he could wrap up what I couldn't finish but since I wasn't done with the museum I knew it would go bad. Please note all desserts are $8.00.\n\nI got my tart and it wasn't too heavy but it was just ordinary. Nothing to write home about. I think next time I visit I'll go with either a soup or salad option instead with my main course and skip the dessert.\n\nThe cafe sits in what was formerly a carriage house not for the Frick family but for another family who lived in that area. The surroundings are beautiful and it is a great place to relax and take in the beautiful surroundings.\n\nSame day reservations are available to non members. Advance reservations are available for members only. They also have afternoon tea but I'll look into that when the weather cools.