I am giving this place 2 stars, mainly because of the terrible service--the worst I have ever had. The food is not bad, but also not enough to make up for the poor service. I had the Puerco Pibil, which is basically slow cooked pork shoulder. The pork was really tender--fork tender and juicy which was a good thing. However, the overall flavor of the pork was way too subtle, and I found myself having to supplement the dish with salsa from the chips and salsa. The pork was supposedly marinated in orange and banana leaves, but I tasted none of those things. Also the dish was under-salted. The best part of the meal was the fresh guacamole, which is made at the table side by a dedicated guacamole server (who knew there was such a thing). The guacamole was creamy, citrusy, and ripe with fresh flavors. \n\nThe service we received was literally laughable. Just to be fair, the bad service may be unique to our particular server (one of the male servers)--the other servers seemed to be more attentive. When we initially were getting ready to place our food orders, our waiter abruptly said \"I'll be back,\" before I had a chance to ask a question about the menu and before the other members of my group were able to place their order. Then we did not see him again for quite a while. Every time our waiter left our table, we would not see him again for half an hour or so. On top of this, he never asked if we had any questions. At one point, the waiter had mentioned that he was getting off work at 11 and that we were his last table to serve. He definitely seemed more interested in being done with work and flirting with the girls at the restaurant (guys are people too!).  By the end of the night (it started off evening and was well into the night by the time we finished our meal due to painfully slow service), we were all laughing (I had tears in my eyes) about the service. It was almost like we were on an episode of candid camera or Punk'd, and someone was trying to see what it would take to get us really pissed off. Sometimes, all you can do is laugh (and write a scathing Yelp review).