As you approach The Thumb (otherwise known as Tom's Thumb) along a bit of barren highway, there is the facade of a gas station and a carwash with a bit of retail in the back building.  Parking is plentiful and you walk across the typical gas station and then into the Restaurant\/Store\/Carwash.  That's where average ends and the magic bustling of the BBQ restaurant begins. Even during the middle of the week, at lunch time, there was a good sized line for ordering at the counter.  I didn't mind waiting too much as I perused the walls and saw \"Triple D\" memorabilia; a big poster signed by Guy Fieri and some cheezy T-shirts.  Whimsical, decor aligned along the walls and on post corners, kept me preoccupied while I waited to order.  The line did seem to move a bit slow, but I really didn't mind, since I was happy snapping souvenir pictures.\n\nI found the eating areas to be a bit disjointed and scattered, but we were fortunate enough to find a table for our group of 5.  The order arrived quickly, although I was served up without any eating utensils.  I found a friendly server and she immediately provided the missing utensils with a smile and apology.\n\nThe sliced brisket sandwich that I ordered did not disappoint.  Large portions of brisket cooked just the way I like it; a little dark on the outside and moist on the inside.  Accompanied with some of the hickory BBQ sauce from the sauce counter, the sandwich was exactly what I hoped it would be.  The BBQ sauce counter offered up many varieties of sauces, of which I chose Carolina and Hickory flavors.  The Carolina sauce was a little \"watery\" to my liking.  The sandwich also came with a small sample size side of coleslaw, which was creamy with a little vinegary taste.  It was a great side dish which complemented the BBQ brisket.\n\nI've been anxious to try The Thumb ever since I saw it on \"Triple D.\"  The show was definitely great advertisement for the restaurant, witnessed by the lunch patrons, decor and shirts.  \n\nI'm glad I experienced it and recommend it to anyone that wants great BBQ in an out of the way place in Scottsdale.