It was afternoon on a Friday and me and my roommate were looking for a place to eat lunch. He suggested Schnitzel Queen and I was like yea lets go. I had heard about the place and people were raving about it. They are open from 11- 5pm on weekdays (Mon-Thurs) Fri- 11-4 pm and weekends they are closed. So its a bit difficult to make it to the place during normal working hours. Its located few blocks from Yonge and Queen in the Moss Park area. The neighborhood in itself is good with close proximity to mainstream Yonge St. The hours of operation is something everyone is concerned about for this place, but in my opinion its a very authentic family run place where there are only two people managing and running the place. Much Respect to them! \n\nThe moment I walked in, i was surprised by the 4 seats of which two are high stools and two are medium stools in a bar seating like setup. The first thing we were told is that there is only 1 chicken and 1 pork left. Right there, I knew I had come to a place where the food is fresher than other restaurants. Its a German couple that runs the joint and the wife runs the show outside and the husband runs the show in the kitchen and makes the food. As we were seated and waiting for the sandwiches (I ordered the Big Chicken Schnitzel Sandwich) we were given one bowl of Potato Salad that they are famous for. The lady went in to get the salad from a bowl she had prepared in the morning. To attest that, the guy sitting next to us said, the potato salad is the best and its made fresh everyday. He definitely looked like a regular at the place as the lady knew how he wanted his food without him telling her. I tasted the potato salad and thought to myself, where have I been all this time without knowing there is this place in Queen St East that makes this kind of potato salad. I was blown away, and I thought of cancelling my sandwich and just eating a huge bowl of potato salad. As I was gobbling down the salad, the sandwich came. My friend ordered the King Schnitzel and I was looking at my Big Chicken Schnitzel. My first reaction was, why are there so much tomato pieces hanging out of the sandwich. Then I had a bite of the sandwich. It was as if someone had gotten into my mind and found out how to perfect the chicken in a way that I am blown away. I had found the place in Toronto where the chicken is cooked perfectly to my taste. It is not unevenly cooked where the middle is thicker than the sides etc. Its just perfect! I couldnt finish the sandwich and had to take one slice of the sandwich home. Overall, I ordered the sandwich and a coke and it came out to $8. Plus, unless you're starving for the entire day and eating this, you wont be able to finish this sandwich in one sitting easily. Finally, I would say my reaction to Schnitzel Queen would be- awesome sandwiches, amazing owners running the place who care about their food, very friendly and the potato salad is to die for.