Would you pay $150 to have one of your buddies tell you about his favorite music and play half of songs that he didn't write on his guitar?  If so, you'll love this show.  However, if you're like me and expect a high energy throw down concert (solo or not) when you pay $150 and travel to VEGAS...you'll be disappointed.  Showing up in jeans, dirty boots, a hoodie and a baseball cap to a show that you made people pay $150 for in my opinion is rude.  Now if this had been a $35 show, I'd be writing a different review, I still would have been let down, but not as much.\n\nThe show starts with Garth coming out and saying hello. He plays 1 verse of one of his songs and then goes into a conversation with the audience about his life telling us about the music that inspired him.  He begins with the 60s and works his way up to the 1990s.  While he tells you about the music of the decades (which we already know) he plays 1 or 2 verses from a few of the songs.  We counted a total of only 5 actual Garth songs that were played; one of them was only played after an audience member requested it at the end of the show.  \n\nWe kept thinking that at any moment the lights would go out, fireworks would fire and then a decked out Garth ready to entertain would come out and blow our minds.  Well it didn't happen.  Instead we got a not even close to a surprise appearance by....wait for it....wait for it....his wife!!!! WOW did you all see that coming?  What effort did that take to book that guest?  \n\nThe good part of the show was the up close and personal vibe that Garth was going for.  He was charming and entertaining with his stories about his dad and growing up.  \n\nIf Garth is reading this, maybe you need to get back in touch with us in low places and respect the fact that you do have a job.  You have the job of entertaining and shame on you for not respecting us.  Shame on you.  \n\nSave your money!!!  If you're going to Vegas go see Cher, the same price for a really amazing show (even if it's not country music).  Or go to Toby Keith's bar and rock out to all your favorite artists for free (plus cost of drinks of course) and party your booty off.  That's what we did and to be honest, it was at Toby's bar that we actually heard Garth's music!  Shame on you Garth!!! \n\nPS: Having to bring IDs for everyone in your group.....time waster and pointless.