Ever drive past a dirt road a thousand times and wonder to yourself where does it go? Then one day...you say F'it and decide to answer the question? The is the restaurant equivalent of something like that.  \n\nMy partner and I despite having brought our lunches, thought we would venture out.  Never in our wildest dreams thinking we would drive done this culinary road to finally answer the questions, or better yet MEET the CHALLENGE off a totally random, off road lunch adventure.\n\nWith our first, second, and third choices socked in with the middle of the week lunch crowd, we ended up in the parking lot of China Star.\n\nAfter breaching the front door, we were received happily enough.  I immediately took in the rows of standard Chinese buffet fare that lay before me.  Looked tasty enough......cheap enough.\n\nWe were seated next to a real life looking equivalent of some Marvel comic super villain, as he devoured his plate.  Many a dead plate lay before him, slaughtered and empty.  \n\nWhile waiting for our drink order, it was then we decided to check-in on yelp and begin reading the reviews.  Some terrifying, others raving...it seemed the odds of not contracting an intestinal virus were in our favor.\n\nWith drink order made (Pepsi products) even though I ordered a Coke, we were off to see what awaited us.\n\nInitially, all but a few trays were either full or half full. My first plate was full of coconut chicken, chicken skewers, General Tso chicken, Dynamite, Crab Rangoon, Lo Mein, and a few pizza slices thrown in for good measure.\n\nWhile dining my partner and I constantly evaluated every entree and eventually settled on a solid Three Star Experience........This would eventually change.\n\nHeading off for the second plate, I immediately noticed all but a few trays were totally empty.  I wandered around waiting and hoping they would be filled again soon.  But alas, this was not to be.  Every employee I locked eyes with attempting to plea for the trays refill, went ignored.  I picked through whatever I could find, resenting I was...as was everyone else......CUT OFF.  AFTER ONE PLATE!?  The partner and I thought this was absolutely a one star reduction.\n\nAll I can say, is what I did consume, I found tasty and it did not hold me hostage for the remainder of the day in the restroom.  I also felt a sense of satisfaction knowing what is at the end of the unknown road, I have passed a thousand times.  There is no need to go down it again.