Walk in, chill out. That's what the brochure says and that's what we did. \nSuzy H. gave me a gift card to this spa for my birthday and, thanks to her, we spent a relaxing Friday morning here enjoying the facilities and getting facials. What a relaxing indulgence it was! I'm no expert on spas since I don't have the extra dollars in my budget for this kind of place, but I highly recommend it just based on this one visit. I'm sure there are other Yelpers who've been to many spas, but I'm not one of them. \n\nKUDOS:\n-Separate parking lot and entrance for spa customers. No need to walk through the casino and very easy access off of Carnegie. \n-Customer service was excellent, from the front desk to the folks giving us our lockers and a mini-tour, to my esthetician, Marla.\n-The fitness area\/gym has great equipment including free weights that go beyond 50 lb. dumbbells, a squat rack, a Smith machine, Spinner bikes, several treadmills, and elliptical machines.  There is a separate outdoor pool for the spa with lap lanes, too.\n-The women's area has its own sauna, steam room, and jacuzzi.  We arrived an hour before our facial appointments so we could take advantage of these and hung out in the jacuzzi, catching up and relaxing.  Because we booked early appointments, Suzy and I had the place to ourselves. I loved the rainfall shower and each shower has shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and even women's shaving gel.  \n-Everything you need or want in a women's bathroom is supplied:  body lotion, q-tips, combs, hairspray, hair gel, anti-perspirant, mouthwash, hair dryers, flat irons, as well as feminine hygiene products.\n-Fluffy towels everywhere! Comfy robes and slippers provided!\n-The quiet area has snacks, water, and tea available. \n-If you get a spa service, you can stay all day.  Or, leave and come back the same day.  I wish I had the time to just lounge around there, eat lunch, hang out by the pool, and take another rainfall shower--maybe next time!\n-Locals' discounts:  Mon-Thurs, 30% off, Fri-Sun, 20% off.\n-I got the Green Valley Classic facial, which was about 50 minutes long, with Marla coming to fetch me promptly at 9:30am, my scheduled appointment time.  Cleansing, steaming, exfoliating, massaging of the face as well as neck, back, and arms, a mask, and also falling asleep for a few minutes on my part all happened--good stuff!\n\nGRIPES:\n-Extractions!  Ugh.  This is why I don't like facials.  Once the needle comes out, it is no longer relaxing, but I know it is part of the service.  This is not GV Spa's fault; it's a facial fact.\n-No cell service.  The spa is underground, so neither Suzy or I could get our phones to work.  We had to check-in on Yelp after we were done--what a travesty!  (I'm joking, ok?) But, really, there's no service down there, so if you can't live without that for a couple of hours, you've been warned.\n\nI had a very relaxing two hours at the spa with a great friend and I can't wait to return some day--thanks, GV Ranch, and thanks, Suzy!