My review is based solely on their Shellac Manicure service.\n\nThis spa is on the corner of my street, so location-wise, it can't be beat. Maybe that's why I keep getting sucked back into going again and again, even though I'm disappointed every. single. time.\n\nOver the last three years that I've lived in this neighborhood, I've visited Samsara 7-8 times for shellac manicures. Based on the quality of the manicures I get, I have to wonder--how does the manager decide to hire her employees? Does she watch them do a practice manicure before letting them represent her business? I have to think she doesn't, because the manicures I've gotten here have overwhelmingly been sub-par. I'm not complaining about the atmosphere, or the decor, or the cleanliness--all lovely. But when you come right down to it, I don't care how many glasses of water or mugs of tea you give me, if the service I am paying for looks like a 5-year-old who's had 8 cups of coffee and has the caffeine shakes did it, then there's a problem. Hire staff that can paint nails! \n\nI'm weary of leaving the spa feeling defeated--looking at my hands and seeing: \n1) Polish on my cuticles; \n2) On the other edge of the spectrum, seeing some nails where the polish doesn't extend all the way to each side or to each corner--or where the edge of the nail isn't sealed. \n3) Uneven filing, with some nails square and others round; with the nails different lengths. \n4) Ragged edges of nails!\n\nI am TIRED of having to keep constant watch over the person painting my nails and catching their mistakes--I feel like an owl, staring at them the whole time, reminding them to please even out that edge, or you missed a spot, or you didn't remove all of the old shellac on my nails! Don't you have eyes? Can't you SEE there's still a layer of un-removed polish on my hands? It's not my job to inspect every finger and to tell you what needs doing. I'm not a stern parent or a teacher and this isn't fun for me Really frustrating to feel like I have to do this if I want the paint job to he half-decent, especially when I'm paying money for someone else to do it for me. \n\nI'm sorry, Samsara. You're a nice little place and I thoroughly enjoy the other service that I come for (eyebrow tinting) which is done painstakingly with great attention to detail. I only wish that commitment to quality was present in your manicure services. In the end, even your closeness to my home and your massage chairs won't be able to bring me in again. The lack of guarantee of a good service, and the accompanying anxiety about how the service is going, is NOT worth it.