I'm a little surprised by the negative reviews for this place.  I moved in a month ago and haven't had any problems at all.  Everything in my three bedroom was basically brand new.  New carpets (I hate carpet but second floor has to have carpet to make less noise downstairs) new stainless appliances, new sinks...all good.  I don't think the bathroom cabinets are new, although they look good.  I only think that because the one in my extra bathroom has a slight stain on one of the cabinet doors.  Speaking of which, I had been given a 48 hour form to fill out with any damage I saw...I didn't notice that until three days later and the ladies in the office were great about letting me file the report late.\n\nMy neighbors are all really nice.  Next door has a family that I initially felt looked like they were from the Bayou of Louisiana and there are a lot of people living in a three bedroom -- older parents and three adult kids.  But hey, they have been super friendly and kind to me.  Plus I like the Bayou.   Everyone else I have seen seems young and attractive and vibrant.   \n\nIt is pretty quiet at night.  I never hear any noise or arguments.  There are several nice pools and they're redoing a couple of them.  The one nearest me seldom has anyone in it, and since I'm a couple of sit ups and crunches away from my beach body that makes me happy.  I don't like crowded pools.\n\nThere is mandatory trash service almost every night, so I sit my garbage outside the front door and they come and pick it up.  I get a LOT of packages so I put the boxes outside too and they have never complained about picking up a mountain of my trash...that is huge for me because I get tired of carrying that stuff to the dumpster.\n\nThe grass is dead.  But it is 108 right now so maybe they water that more in the cooler months.  We shall see.   \n\nMy carport is almost directly outside of my place.  I walk all over at night because it is too hot during the day.  I haven't ever felt unsafe.  I am a single woman and haven't had any issues at all.  \n\nI'd give it five stars, but this isn't a five star place...yet.  The new management company is apparently striving to get it there.  But my apartment is beautiful and I am really enjoying it here.