After a negative one star experience with Apache Foot & Ankle Specialists I made a beeline to Foot Solutions of Las Vegas. I close off my Fort Apache Foot and Ankle Specialists review discussing Dr. Wittenberg refusing to create an ankle support for my left foit until I visit a Neurologist to examine a hereditary condition that causes tremors on the left side of my body. I made the most of his diagnosis for Plantar Fasciitis by visiting Foot Solutions of Las Vegas for othodics. This would be FAR LESS $ than visiting a neurologist for a generic condition that is most likely untreatable. As I write this, Dr. Wittenberg's Henderson practice did not have an X-ray machine causing me to think that the Plantar Fasciitis diagnosis is a band aid solution. \n\nThe Daniel S-pectation:\n\n   I expected a small shop specializing in shoes and over the counter othodics for the heel. I also expected professional service. \n\nThe Daniel S Report of his experience :\n\n   Foot solutions is located in the southwest corner of Eastern at Horizon Ridge in the former out of business Albertson's shopping plaza by Panda Express and KFC. When I stepped my poor left foot inside Foot Solutions of Nevada, DeWitt who was attentativly helping a customer, greeted me at the same time he let me know that he'd help me soon. I could understand why the shop is busy. They sell footwear and over the counter othodics for Plantar Fasciitis sufferers. \n\n  This report is a shout out to DeWitt. He went over and above to help the customer before me and myself. He had suffered from Plantar Fasciitis himself and understood the pain of this foot ailment. He measured both feet before placing othodics for me to try on. The second othodics he placed on my feet felt much better. They are green superfeet that fit into my New Balance sneakers. They seem to be an improvement on my feet until I return to a professional podiatrist for an x-ray (sorry Dr. Wittenberg of Apache Foot and Ankle) and not a neurologist (unless a professional podiatrist directs me to one). DeWitt might of gave me the gift of walking without a limp until the Plantar Fasciitis God willingly heals. \n\nChances of a future Daniel. S check-in here: \n\n   The supergreen arch support is supposed to last the duration of my footwear. $43.23 is a fair price to pay if it repudiates the foot pain. My only concern is that I might have another ailment that an x-ray and not neurologist could diagnose. If I don't return for the above reason, I recommend Foot Solutions with a visit to a professional podiatrist for Plantar  Fasciitis footwear.