Based on the reviews of all you fab-tastic Yelpers, I decided to take some friends to Jake's On Main recently to see what all the hype was about. \n\nGoing in I had managed my expectations knowing both that the pro's I was aware of were that Jake's had great food, a fantastic patio (best in Unionville) and that it was the place to be for a summer night party. On the other hand the cons were that the food was a miss, the prices were high and the service was poor. With a split decision like this looming I felt I needed to venture in and see for myself.\n\nOverall my experience was pretty good, I have to admit. My friends and I enjoyed our drinks (how can you not enjoy beer on a patio in the summer) and we all agreed that for a Tuesday night the large patio was a frenzy of activity. Congrats Yelp, your reviews were on par.\n\nThis being said, and I hope that someone from Jake's reads this as constructive criticism and not as me slamming them, but there are some core issues that contributed to less than stellar star rating.\n\n1) Yelpers get another point for being ON POINT about pricing. A wee bit extreme for the GTA, this is isn't down town on college street - its the historic village of Unionville Main street. Most notable faux pas was $25+ for a pitcher of Sangria, especially when I knew the wine they are using and it retails for around $7\/bottle. I've never paid more than $18. (-1 star)\n\n2) Yelp! This food isn't so good. We placed an order for something simple that we could all share and something that is impossible to mess up - Nachos. Not a fan. I wanted to be, I really did, but there was way too much chilli con carne and salsa on these CHOS, to make me want to CHOOSE to eat them again. Yes the portion size is astronomical, but I think quality is far better than quantity here folks. Within minutes the chips were mushy and the cheese was hard. (-1 star).\n\n3) Yelp, for 3...SWISH. Look I understand a bumping patio can get busy and but still no excuse for not doing quality checks on food (would have sent it back) and making us wait forever and a day for drinks and the bill. Maybe Tuesday night got unexpectedly busy and they were understaffed, but perhaps this is a Needs Improvement area. I wasn't awful, but not great (-0.5 stars).\n\nI give Jake's On Main 2.5 overall, but 3 officially. I will be back because we did have fun, and heck I'm all about 2nd and 3rd chances. Good job on all you Yelpy Yelpertons, way to stay true. Stay tuned for my updated review in the weeks to come. I'm rooting for Jake's.