So without ranting about how service levels at \"hip\" restaurants such as momofuku are incredibly poor, or that overhyped restaurants like this one just dont fit the bill, I'm going to attempt to write an honest and clear review.\n\nI like to think that I know my shit, I eat at great restaurants all over america and  i've certainly developed a set of expectations, they are fairly simple. If your paying alot of money, the food should be great and the service should match.\nThats it. Its really a simple formula. Mistakes happen, but egregious snobbery and lack of quality are not acceptable. \n\nFirstly, the decore is gorgeous, while I do think that splitting the place into 3 levels is a cool idea I just dont think it works that well, it feels disjointed and un connected and weird, but that said the restaurant is gorgeous. \n\nService fails on a few levels, and while I want to say that the general manager was a prince and a few of the other servers were saints, its really only fair to speak about the folks who took orders and generally served them. \n\nOur server (on the 2nd floor) was absolutely horrendous, I'm not sure if she was some brand of hipster masochist hell bent on making people's nights horrible but she certainly tried her darndest. I'm spending 150 between myself and my friend, giggle a bit, recommend a few things and skip away with a smile,come back and ask how the food is and see if i need anything,  I'm not tipping you 20% to look depressed. \n\nOne part that really stuck out was one of the managers (whom i assume has been let go by now). After we returned an order of wings (which were absolutely horrific), he aggressively confronted us about why we returned them. I think there is an appropriate way to do this, he managed to do the opposite. If this were the jungle I'd have made minced meat of him. \n\nThe food: \n\nLet me tell you, those rice cakes were out of the freaking world, that is a special, special dish. Wings were horrific, honestly horrific. Reuben Bun is to die for, Shrimp bun is just OK. Crab was great but at that rate they really would have had to try hard to mess it up. Drinks were solid. Cauliflower was just meh (but id probably order it again:) ). \n\nIn summation, I will never come back to momofuku. I will never take a date there, I will refuse eating there on business, I will never ever ever come back, I will tell my friends it sucks, I will tell their friends it sucks.\n\n The mixture of inconsistent food and inconsistent service is just too great to fathom paying prices like that.   Is it uncouth to complain based on price? Im not sure, maybe it is, maybe it isnt, but honestly when you charge high prices you better offer high quality service and on that mark momofuku fails both on the quality of the product and delivery. It was a sad night for toronto (sadder then rob ford allegedly smoking the crack).