These movers are extremely dishonest and take advantage of people's vulnerability on the day of their move. We had booked S& SONS Moving Company a month in advance. One of the men came to our house advertising their services because they saw our \"sold\" sign and glanced over the house, quoting us $160\/hr  for 4 movers with a minimum of 3 hour booking. We insisted that he look properly at all the rooms and he refused and insisted that would be the price and it would only take 3-4 hours max to move everything.  \n\nOn the day of the move, they arrived to our house 4.5 hours late after doing another move and complained of being extremely exhausted and wanting to charge us more because of it.  They were very slow and rude. We had organized and packed everything in boxes, tied up furniture and bubble wrapped all glass tables, everything was ready to go. \n\nUpon their arrival we were told we had too many boxes. The manager said they did not want to work until midnight and were very tired so insisted we need to have him work as well, making it 5 movers and charging us $190 an hour instead of $160.  They refused to start any work until we signed their contract and paid them $800 upfront instead of the originally agreed upon price of $640. The contract had the original amount of $640 on it.  Amidst all this, they were rude and calling us cheap even after we ordered pizza for them as a courtesy. Their truck broke down for 2.5 hours and the manager wanted to charge us for that time. We told them that was not our problem and that we would not pay for that time. \n\nThese movers were practically dumping everything into our new house. After completing the move, they refused to leave our property until we gave them an additional $920. This made the total bill $1720 and they originally quoted us $640.\n\n DO NOT book this company, you will regret it. We will spread the word through twitter, Facebook and better business bureau. We will also be pursuing this matter with a lawyer.  This should teach them not to mislead people like they keep doing. Unfortunately, we have only just now seen the many complaints online where people are charged 3 times what they were originally quoted. On the day of your move, you are in a very vulnerable spot and cannot do much as the new home owners are waiting in your driveway to move in.  They will probably try to write a response to this but looking at the prior comments, you can see we are not the only ones with this terrible experience.