After eating here several times - finally, a review.  This place is good!  What do I like about La Fonda Del Sol, you ask?  Well, first, it definitely has an ol' family restaurant, cantina-dive vibe.  Second - chips are brought to the table with two carafes of salsa and the chips are always HOT.  I mean HOT.  And Fresh - if not needing just a little salt.  Salsas are both delicious, and fresh.  (One of my favorite new \"F\" words.). Queso is delicious, and tip\/note - comes with freshly made flour tortilla chips, not corn as is served HOT and complimentary with salsa.  Obviously a crowd pleaser because every table around me ordered the queso.  Third - Food comes out quickly, and also HOT.  Can't touch the plate hot.  And how do they make it stay hot for so long?  I have ordered a number of dishes but still come back to the chicken chimi with cream cheese.  I love cream cheese, and it is a different and tasty addition.  Seriously, I think there are three shredded\/chunked chicken breasts wrapped in a deep fried pillow of delicious, then smothered with green sauce and melted cheese.  I have noticed they don't call it green chili on the menu, and it really isn't traditional green chili.  It is delicious though, and obviously made fresh from fire roasted green chilis.  Not too pepper hot - just the right \"kick.\"  Tasty retried beans; and rice.  Some may complain about the price, but for me each dish is at least two meals - so worth it from my perspective.  \n\nWhat to watch out for?  It gets crowded, and L-O-U-D.  Service is typically good, but I am not sure how they \"assign\" tables.  We typically have to wait to be first greeted, but then it stays pretty consistently attentive.  I have never been in the bathrooms, so can't speak to them, but the place is clean-ish.  Not dirty; just not confidently clean.  There were a couple of used napkins on the floor under my table, and I had to brush crumbs off my chair.  Not a big deal though.  The entry is not inviting.  In fact, it's a bit scuzzy.  \n\nLastly, my only and completely random complaint, that they can really do nothing about (and it isn't deterring me from going back) - when you leave, you and your clothes are going to smell like you've been immersed in onion-grease-Mexican-corn-salsa-dip.  Not sure why or what it is because it isn't a prevalent smell or Odor inside - but trust me, you're going to smell it until the clothes and hair are washed.\n\nAll in all a good spot for tasty Mexican food!