We wanted to go on a family getaway with our kids, 14 years old and 19 months. I always remembered how the doctor's wife @ my work would tell me they always stayed @ the Four Seasons with their 2 young children because they really catered to families. My requirements included that the hotel was smoke free, casino free, and kid friendly.\n\nWe drove out early in the morning so that my son would sleep on the way and arrived before 10 am, check in is usually 2 or 3 so I called in and asked if we could check in early and it was not a problem. They just had a room that needed to be cleaned so when we arrived, to pass the time we ate @ their hotel restaurant , the Verandah, and they texted us when the room was ready. \n\nAt the front desk, one of the employees noticed my son and wheeled a Radio Flyer wagon full of stuffed animals for him to pick! He chose a stuffed little Pug. That was so sweet and so cute! \n\nAt the restaurant, the hostess, gushed over my son and gave him crayons and a coloring book. DH worried about him eating @ such a nice restaurant but they were completely kid friendly and they even cut up his breakfast chicken sausage and @ an angle so that it was beautifully presented. \n\nWhen we finally got to our room, the bathroom was stocked with L'Occitane products, my ABSOLUTE favorite products from France. One of my favorite indulgences in life is staying and hotels and the best parts are seriously the toiletries! I will book a hotel based on that...\n\nMy family also spent a lot of time @ the private pool and the attendants would lay out your towels, and set you up with a carafe of water, and they offer free sunscreen (SPF 15, 30) and tons of magazines which I noticed my teenage daughter reading. They also serve up some yummy drinks, smoothies, and resort type food and limited offering from the Verandah menu. \n\nI especially enjoyed how they turn your room over once more in the early evening. Before we arrived, I requested a small fridge for my son who drinks a half gallon of whole milk a day and I also requested a crib for the evening. The crib arrived with a package of organic baby products, a couple of diapers, a stuffed animal that looks like classic Eyore from Winnie the Pooh and a diaper genie trashcan! Seriously so amazing how they treat families with young children. \n\nMy DH loves to workout and he actually left his running shoes @ home but the gym lent him a very nice pair of NIkes.\n\nThe hotel is beautiful on the outside, the rooms are classic but definitely not as nice or new as other hotels I've stayed @ the strip but the hospitality is so amazing that it makes this stay unforgettable.  The entrance is very separate from the Mandalay Bay, so the hotel also stays quiet and private.\n\nSince this hotel is connected to the Mandalay Bay, we got to go the Shark Reef exhibit and had tram access to get to other parts of the strip. Charlie Palmer is also located @ this hotel :P  A Whole Foods market and wonderful playground, is a little over 1mile away from this hotel.\n\nThe clientele is mostly older couples (retirees) and families with young children and they are dog friendly...