Really hit and miss here! Some days are good and others are not so good. The oil that is used to deep fry the fries needs changing. You can tell when the the oil is dirty, the fries are not bright or crispy they are dark and soggy and you can see the oil is soaked in the potato! Changed fries 3 times, all same results. Manager said, oil changed a day ago, owner said, that morning. I was in the F&B business, I have seen with my own eyes that they deep fryer sometimes goes way over the \"supposed\" to limit. Commercial (ie restaurant) oil is re-used many times. It is called \"fry life\" in the biz. But these oils are formulated with additives and stabilizers for commercial use which extend their life. A typical heavy duty decent quality commercial oil has a \"fry ratio\" of maybe 15 or 16, meaning that you can fry 15+ lbs. of stuff (typically french fries) per pound of oil. Thus, a 35 lb. box of oil will fry maybe 600 lbs. of potatoes. This will take many fryings possibly over many days. Many restaurants have a rule of thumb of changing their oil on the same day every week, but of course it depends..... Good restaurants are diligent about keeping their oil clean, by filtering to get the charred bits out. Unfortunately, most restaurants are not so diligent. You don't even want to know. Of course, oil also needs to be use to give fried foods flavour, so many chefs may mix a little of the old oil in with the new oil, but you won't have a gross after taste. Sorry, to emphasis so much on the deep fryer, but this stuff is going into our tummies and through the liver for break down. I didn't go to smash looking for a free lunch! I just wanted a lunch that I could enjoy and leave satisfied. Even after complaining \"nicely\" and having 3 different servings or fries changed out and reserved, none of them were \"eaten\" just taste tested. The Manager, still brought my bill over full price. If the fryer is icky and the manager has spoken to the customer, acknowledged that the fries that came with the main were indeed icky, but still chooses to charge full price. I don't know what to say! These days, how you treat your customers can actually be more important than the food quality, It can be the ultimate result between a good review or a meh, review. It's not always about the food.