SHA-FREAKING-MON. Have I gotten old?!! Am I really reviewing a Cirque du Soleil show?! Next up: reviews of community theater performances, and before you know it, my local grocery store. It's a slippery slope my friend.\n\nBut this Cirque du Soleil show is absolutely worth reviewing AND SEEING! And to give you an idea of it's greatness: what was the last Cirque show that made you tear up? Yeah, NEVER. No one in the history of EVER except the director of a Cirque show seeing his dream come true or a performer that messed up royally has EVER cried at a Cirque show. But I literally teared up 3 times during this. THREE FREAKING TIMES, during \"I'll Be There\", \"Human Nature\", and \"Man in the Mirror\". I might have blinked a couple of extra times during \"Stranger in Moscow\", which paid tribute to his mom, Diana Ross, and Liz Taylor. MAYBE. Hearing the purity of MJ's voice as a kid singing \"I'll Be There\" was especially emotional. The woman next to me was sobbing. Full on SOBBING. I was ready to turn to her and half comfort her and half tell her \"get it together woman, you're at a Cirque du Soleil show!\" Don't judge her...and me.\n\nMind you, I haven't seen a Cirque show in years, but I've seen several before, including those that used to tour in LA and some of those with residency in Vegas. The last one I saw, which was my standing favorite, was KA. The acrobatic fight scenes, the moving stage, and the fact that I had a record 45% understanding of what the EFF was happening story-wise were the determining factors. I didn't really feel the need to see another one until my mom highly urged me to see this one.\n\nBut now, Michael Jackson ONE in the Mandalay Bay is my absolute standing favorite Cirque show. I remember the Elvis one was pure crap and I'm not a huge lover of The Beatles (yeah, I know I'm crazy blah blah), but I am a huge fan of MJ. The music had a very big part to do with my enjoyment of the show. I was worried they might choose more obscure MJ songs that might fit acrobatics better, but they picked ALL of mine, yours, and EVERYONE's favorites and somehow all the dancing and acrobatics worked well with his music. The other worry was that it would be just one big \"Dance Moms\" performance with some hat tricks thrown in, but they kept true to the Cirque brand and threw in all the impressive acrobatics we know n' love. And as expected, there WERE hat tricks. Literally, with hats. \n\nMore impressive, I would say I had a record-breaking 90% understanding of the storyline based on MJ's life. The order of the music, the remixing of the music, and the choreography to the music were so well done!\n\nMy suggestion if possible and cost-permitting, is that you get a seat in the exact middle of the theater on the first level. Not too close, not too far, and in the middle section. I was maybe 8 rows from the front on the right side of the stage and although it was fantastic up close, I was cocking my head around in every direction like the Exorcist trying to make sure I saw everything happening. And I could kinda see and hear some backstage stuff which kinda messed up the mystique of it all. Sitting far enough back and in the middle will allow you to see the ENTIRE picture of everything happening on all parts of the stage and in the air, and will shield you from seeing or hearing any backstage workings. If the middle is booked up, and there is only a choice between being too close or being too far, I would choose being too far so you see everything happening. You can't take photos during the show anyway and there are people on the sidelines who will call your ass out if they see you. \n\nOh, and get there a bit early, there are some happenings in the audience even before the show starts! As someone with an Angeleno sensibility, if you're visiting from LA, this is the only Cirque show you need to see in Vegas! Go eat at Libertine in Mandalay Bay before-hand, walk over to the ONE Theater, and enjoy!!