It's been over a year since I used Bulwark and I'm still extremely irritated and feel completely used and taken advantage of. I would NEVER recommend this company to anyone.. Not even my worst enemy. My move cost me $900+. You would think I was moving a mansion right? Nope...I was moving from a 2bdrm 2bthrm condo. If Yelp allowed it I would leave -10 stars. \n\nMy move started off great. The guys arrived promptly at 7am and quickly began loading everything from my 2 bdrm 2 bthrm condo into a truck large enough for a 10k sqft property. By 8:30am all of my boxes were in the truck leaving only large furniture (i.e. couch, dining room table & chairs, 2beds, 2 dressers), TVs and my washer and dryer. When Rudy (one of the movers) asked to take a smoke break I gladly gave him the \"ok\" since they had made so much progress so quickly. BIG MISTAKE!!!! The smoke break was well over 15 minutes and from that point forward the guys were often MIA. When Rudy resurfaced, he seemed to be lost and completely confused as to what he was suppose to be doing. By 12:30pm all of the large furniture with the exception of my dressers was still in my condo. My mom decided to go out to the truck to ask the guys if there was a problem. Once again Rudy was MIA... My mom called me and asked if Rudy was inside because he wasn't in the truck or anywhere in between. After Rudy resurfaced, he quickly became angry at the fact he was being questioned about the length of time and his whereabouts. After unprofessionally yelling at my mom, Rudy decided he wasn't going to do another thing and COMPLETELY STOPPED working. We waited for about 45 min for Rudy's manager to arrive and were greeted by the owner who brought a GINORMOUS can of excuses with him. Eventually the move resumed. The owner had his son and 2 other guys meet us at my new house (at my expense). It took all of the guys less than 1 hr unload the truck. $900 later my move was  complete. After thoroughly replaying all the events of that day, there is no way to justify or excuse the excessive smoke break, numerous occasions where I couldn't locate the movers or a Bulwark employee yelling at a customer. It's unfortunate that Bulwark Moving Co left everything but a good impression. I hire movers on a weekly basis for work, and every time I weight out my options for potential movers I RUN the opposite direction when I see Bulwark Moving Co and would encourage everyone to do the same.