When choosing an apartment in Glendale, we unfortunately had to exclusively use online sources, as we moved from out of state. This was a horrible mistake. Village Sereno Apartments look amazing online. They show many pictures of the inside and poolside areas, which are very nice. However, they neglect to mention safety, poor customer service, poor outdoor lighting, and their fitness center that is only open during business hours. \n     Before signing the lease the staff insisted that the community was crime-free and that the gate was closed during the day. This however was far from the truth. The front gate is open all day, allowing random people to walk or drive through. Within a few months of moving in, our ipad and gps system was stolen from the car while we were unloading groceries! We had left the car unattended for literally less than a minute. I should also mention that this has happened to several of our neighbors, making theft a frequent event a Village Sereno. The community is extremely poorly lit at night and the side pedestrian gate is left unlocked at all hours. Many communities provide keys. \n     There are also more serious crimes at Village Sereno. We have heard gunshots 3 or 4 times since we moved in, one of those being in the field below our balcony. Speaking of community crime, we came home one evening to find a drug-bust happening in our neighbor's driveway... these events do not make Village Sereno a place I want to call home.\n     Noise has also been an issue at Village Sereno. At odd hours of the night it is not uncommon to hear neighbors coming home with their bass up so loud it wakes you up. The neighbor we share a wall with also has this same love for loud music... the mirrors and pictures on my walls shake!\n     The fitness center is also of concern. When we moved in, the staff mentioned that they were re-modeling the fitness center and it was going to have several great machines. Five months later and they still only have a treadmill. But this surprisingly is not even the worst of it. They only allow residents to be in the fitness center if a staff member is present, as it is connected to the main office. If they have to show a unit you have to get out.\n     My experience with the management has been awful. When we moved in, there were several huge black stains on the stairs. It looked as if someone had changed their car oil on the carpet. We asked for another unit, but they didn't have one available so they promised to get it fixed the next day. Well of course this never happened. After asking several times and having no luck, I talked to the manager. She assured me it would be done within the week. Two weeks later, no word from the front office. I called and she forgot all about our conversation. She again assured me that it would be done within a week. I called back and she had forgot again... after talking to the incompetent manager several more times she finally sent a carpet cleaning service out. This was great, but the stains didn't come out. A couple months later after hearing no word from her we finally went to the office and spoke with her yet again... two weeks later now and we still haven't heard from her. This is just one incident. We have made several other complaints and she has not been able to come up with a single resolution.\n     Do not make the mistake of living at Village Sereno. The online pictures may seem great and the staff may seem on top of everything while you are a \"future resident,\" but I am certain your views will change after you move-in. We sincerely regret our decision to move into Village Sereno and are counting the days until we can move-out.