Location: Everyone knows where it is but probably hasn't ever been there lol.\nRestaurant: Classy\nService: Two Thumbs Up!\nEats: Charbroiled Oysters, Shrimp Etoufee, 1lb of Crawfish, Oyster Po Boy.\nDrinks: Diet Sprite & Purple Haze\n\nWe're in LOVE!!!\n\nLocation: We drove up and the first thing that I saw were the bright neon lights to the Holsum Bakery Sign and there she was, just after the eye piercing neons... Lola's.\n\nRestaurant: She wasn't hard to find, sits at the 15 & Charleston. It's a very quiet parking lot but as soon as your start walking towards the restaurant, you notice the people sitting outside and a faint sound of some Jazz music coming from the inside of the restaurant, which, um, we like, like a lot! Ok, Valley Girl moment gone.\n\nOur visit was on a late Friday night, 8:30ish, we had made reservations but we didn't really need them, this visit, as we were seated right away. The restaurant is still young and fresh, they just opened in October but I have a feeling that once people start finding out about them, reservations may be mandatory because they sure do put some yummies in your tummies! Our friend that was with us mentioned that a lot of his co-workers eat there for lunch and it does get pretty busy during that time, so, heads up, make a reservation.\n\nFleur-de-lis. Saints. Mardi Gras Beads. Umbrellas on the ceiling.  Jazz music, I hearts. I've never been to NOLA, I've only been exposed to anything NOLA by my Uncle, either by telling us stories about and such but they sure are representing anything and everything New Orleans in there that it makes me feel like I'm there! Very welcoming. Atmosphere, A+++\n\nService: Quentin was our server. Very sweet gal and on top of everything! Refills and everything without asking and very knowledable when it came to the menu. There's nothing worse than a server that's clueless about what they're serving and we did not have an experience close to resembling that, awesome job!\n\nThe Yummies: We shared the Charbroiled Oysters, I had the Etoufee with Purple Haze and bites of the Hubster's food, the Po Boy and Crawfish with a Diet Sprite. There is not one complaint about the flavor of the food! Everything they brought out had great presentation and tasted great. I loved that with the Crawfish, they gave us a bucket, unlike a  local restaurant that has you throw it on your table just to have the juices spill all over your lap, yum. It was the first time that I tried Purple Haze beer, it's a wheat beer, the haze, with a hint of rasberry, the purple and it was quite yummy, so much so that I ordered 2 :). \n\nA friend of ours ordered the catfish and bread pudding and he enjoyed it. In fact, when the bread pudding came out, he took a bite and his eyes rolled to the back of his head,... I'm pretty sure he liked it :D\n\nAs we were eating dinner, we were approched by a woman with a pretty smile, a Fleur-de-lis hanging from each ear and introduced herself, it was Lola! She was so nice and we chit chatted for a little bit and even took a photo with her :)\n\nDuring dinner, my husband turned to me and said \"This is the flavor that I've been looking for!\" I completely agreed with him, everything was spot on. Yea, we'll be back.