I was looking forward to getting home after a long day but when I walked into the house, I immediately felt warm temperature. I ran upstairs to see if the central AC was on and yes it was, but it was blowing warm air. Oh no, I thought! Please, not now, it has been over 100 degrees and it will only get worse. I waited until the morning to call as I do have a portable air conditioner that I could use for instances like this, but when it's over 100 degrees outside, the portable ac that I have will only cool the room, that it is in, down to about 82 degrees.\n\nI called Thursday morning and spoke with Rachel. I told her about the issue with my AC and she said the earliest a tech could come out would be Friday. I was fine with that. A couple of hours later I get a phone call from Rachel and she asked if it would be OK to have a tech come out the same day, but I told her I wouldn't be home until later so we decided to just stick with Friday. But then I get another phone call from a gentleman who asked me if I would be home around 5 and I said yes, and he said he could get a tech out around then. I was sooo happy to hear that since I really wanted my AC fixed.\n\nRaphael, the technician, called me around 4:30 to confirm that I would be home. He came at 5:00, he asked me a few questions, and went right to work. After diagnosing the problem, he came back, and told us what was wrong, what needed to be done, and the cost to have it repaired. I agreed to the repair. About ten minutes later he was done! I believe he was here for a total of thirty minutes and my central air conditioning unit is now working and blowing cold air. Happy dance!!!\n\nBefore he came over, I did a little research online to give me an idea of what the cause and cost might be to have it fixed, and I thought the price that they charged me was reasonable.\n\nI give them five stars because they really understand the importance of having a working AC in this heat. I highly recommend this company and I will definitely be using them again.