So here's another place where the food is excellent, but the front-of-house is seriously lacking.\n\nWe've just had a baby, so dining out has (temporarily) been replaced by taking out. We still enjoy the food we used to, only we now get to pause eating when the little bundle of joy decides he's hungry or needs changing, or if the wind blows in the wrong direction. Because he is quite vocal in letting us know. We could, of course, become \"those people\" who really don't care about the tranquility of others when dining out, but we chose not to be.\n\nGallo Blanco has a great website with the menu items listed in detail, they offer quite the selection with reasonable prices. They support to-go orders and even offer curbside pickup! That is of course IF you can get through to them.\n\nI called the number listed on their website at about 4pm and the call goes straight to voicemail. \"Leave a message if you want to make a reservation\". Hmmm, thinking I'd mistakenly called the reservations number, I checked their website and the to-go number is the same as the reservations number which is the same as the main number - it is THE number. I tried a few more times, but it would always go directly to voicemail with nairy a ring. I even tried to call the hotel main number, which was answered, and asked to be transferred to the restaurant, but again I got the dreaded voicemail of death. I called the hotel back and told them my dilemma, but they were all out of options. Hmmmm...\n\nWe had our hearts set on the menu items we had chosen that I decided to drive there and have a happy-hour beer while I waited. Inside is a bit odd. I entered through the To-Go Door. They have a counter where you can sit, which at first glance could be mistaken for a bar, but it isn't. There was an open seat, so I sat at the pseudo-bar and waited, and waited, and waited some more. The problem with it not being a bar is that there is no-one permanently stationed there. Sure, plenty of people came back and forth because it is right in front of the kitchen, but no-one came to take my order. Directly to the left is a host station with two greeters (but no phone!) The place was busy, but these two were just standing around making high-school chat.\n\nFinally I was able to flag someone down, not the first four or five people as they just ignored me and kept on trucking, but someone who was able to take my order and no, they couldn't explain why the phone went directly to voicemail, nor did they really care.\n\nSo, in summary - the food is great, if you can get it.