Food once you get it is good but service is totally lacking.\n\nMillstone is a bakery 7 deli just up the street from where we go to Church and I've wanted to try it for some time.  I'm a fan of the farm to fork movement and they specialize in locally grown provisions.\n\nMy wife and I walked in around 1 pm and were promptly seated.  Layout like many places in Davidson is a shotgun with one long room stretching from the front door to  the back. No problems with that.\n\nWe were seated at a small table in the middle and our server soon appeared and gave up a menu and took our drink order.  My wife had coffee with no problem. I ordered Sweet Tea with Lemon and they did not have any. They had several alternatives including green tea and green tea with lemonade so I chose the later.\n\nMy wife ordered a quiche and guess what? They were out.  Finally settled on a Ham and Cheese Sandwich.  I chose a Tuscan Turkey with Cheese Sandwich on Sourdough Bread. Mac and Cheese was on the menu and my wife asked if she could get that as her side and was told she would have to pay almost full price for it because the size was bigger and they could not adjust down to a the size of a side.\n\nWhen my lemonade or rather an Arnold Palmer made with Green Tea arrived, it was striated into two layers and we had no utensils so I could not mix it and our server had disappeared.  Borrowed a ball point pen from my wife and both she and the server who showed up just as I was stirring the beverage, were horrified. He asked why I was doing that and I replied, \"No Silverware\"\n\nSimple order but it took over 20 minutes for two simple sandwiches with a side of Potato Salad.  Do beware however because a young lady at the next table asked the server what was Sourdough and he told her they put sour cream in it. I've heard of this shortcut in the past but that does not make artisianal  Sourdough.\n\nOnce we our order arrived, it was very good. Tasty, plenty of meat, good texture and a decent attempt on presentation.  The Potato Salad was very good but they were a bit heavy on the mustard which was a spicy mustard and tended to overpower what is suppose to be a very simple dish.\n\nWhile they have a good menu, don't depend on it since many items run out early. Service is very lacking and as such, would not recommend