I have mixed reviews about this place: on one hand, B&B has the best chicken wings in Mississauga (and definitely Top 3 in the GTA).  But on the other hand, coming here on half price wing night (Tuesdays after 4 pm; $5.50 for 1 lb) is an extreme test in patience, hunger, and your smartphone's battery life.\n\nDuring my most recent visit, my party of 4 had to wait an hour before we were seated.  Apparently, peak time extends aaaalll the way until 9:30, which is only 15 minutes after we had a table.  On such a packed night the management should institute a maximum time for diners, or at least make sure that if people are hanging out they're actually purchasing.  Seriously.  I'm not just saying that because I have no patience and may or may not be bitter.  In the hour I was waiting, this one group of girls went out for TWO smoke breaks, and I can't forget the additional two breaks they took once I sat down.  Oh, and the dudes sitting in the booth at the back?  Don't think I didn't notice there was only one (empty!!) plate of wings between the four of you, four (empty!!) glasses, and the fact that you were there long before I got there and only left maybe 10 minutes before I did.\n\nThat said, our server was so nice despite how busy the place was.  For example, my mom's coffee was cold, so our server gave us two free dipping sauces.  The owner\/manager has an excellent sense of humour as well, which helped take some of the edge off the hour-long wait.  Yay for great service!\n\nAnd last, but certainly  not least, the crown jewel of the Beaver & Bulldog establishment: the mighty chicken wing.  Their variety of wings is insane, and by insane I mean \"I wish my stomach could handle eating even ONE of each\".  I think they have at least 30 flavours, all conveniently organized on a scale of spiciness.  I recommend the Parmigiana, Cajun, Dragon, Thai, and something-Peppercorn.  I've yet to build up the tolerance to try their Exorcist flavour, aptly described as being so spicy your head will spin.\n\nNext time I visit, I'll definitely have to come in either a group of only 2-3, right at 4 pm when their special starts, or after 9:30.  And try their Chipotle wings.