I was at the Taj Mahal restaurant last Sunday for my company party (group of 20). I read a lot of mixed reviews about this place, but I was excited to try their food. \n\nWhen we first arrived at the restaurant, it seemed as though you were entering someone's house through their back door. The setup of the restaurant is kind of awkward and cluttered. The floors were fine (online reviews had indicated that the floors in this place were horrific) and the decor was okay. Indian music of course was played in the background. The wall embroidery was quite unique. An interesting fact about this place is that it contains a one of two marbled models of the Taj Mahal. \n\nFood wise, we ordered their vegetarian platter and some chicken and beef samosas to start. These tasted fine, I did not find that it was any different from any other Indian restaurant. I also ordered a strawberry lassi, which was much more liquid-like (as opposed to slushy) relative to other restaurants. \n\nMy boyfriend ordered a kabab comb platter which was served on a sizzling plate. The comb consisted of lamb, chicken and beef kababs. I ordered the  Balti Lamb, which as the name specifies Balti = bucket was served in a miniature bucket (I thought this was a super cute idea). The kabab platter was quite delicious, although some of the meat may have been a bit over done. The Balti Lamb was SUPER salty...that was literally my first reaction to it. I took some naan bread and dipped it into the bucket and took my first bite. This was actually the most disappointing part of the night. I tried to have some yogurt with my lamb, but even then it was still too salty. It was as if someone spilt a handful of salt into my bucket. I would not recommend anyone order the Balti Lamb, but who knows it might have been just my luck!\n\nOur server was quite nice and attentive.\n\nMy overall impression of this restaurant was mediocre. I have definitely had better Indian food. My company has had several Christmas parties at different Indian restaurants in the past. This is my least favourite of the few.