Beware!!!   I would give no stars if I could.    \nI booked the Light and Sights tour on 5\/1\/16 @ 9:30p my driver was Mahelet.  She was very rude and was on her phone almost the whole 2.5hr ride.  Her driving was not great, she could not seem to turn corners without having to back up and go forward several times.  The experience (detailed below) was not ideal for the amount of money we dished out.     \n\nFirst, she picked up at the casino entrance instead of the hotel lobby.  We had to walk from complete opposite side of the resort and when we arrived for pickup she drove right passed us.  She opened the door to some other people in jeans, not us, even though were dressed in our formal dresses and waved.  She did not greet us nor speak to us until we were on the road and we asked where we were headed.  She complained that we were late and had to hurry to downtown.  \n\nWhen we arrived downtown she let us out and said we had about 20 minutes to get back.  We arrived back to the pick up spot in less than the 20 minutes, a parking enforcement agent was there and yelling that it was a fire lane and she couldn't park there.  He started taking pictures of the limo.  I waved at her through the window and asked if we could get in but she said she could not let us in and drove off leaving us stranded on the street.  We walked a block and she called about 10 minutes later asking where we were and we told her we walked to the corner were she left us.  It took her about 15 minutes to come back. When she did come back we had to open our own doors and climb in as she yelled for us to hurry up and get in.\n\nNext stop was the Mirage.  She dropped us of at the valet and said to call when we were done.  We waited a few minutes, noticed no one was waiting to watch the Volcano show and asked when the next show was.  They said the last show was @ 9pm and there was no more shows that night.  We called her and she said she was parked down the street a little ways.  So again we had to walk to the limo, opened our own doors and climb in as she told us to hurry.   \n\nWe then proceeded to the Bellagio for the water show.  Our driver stopped in the middle of the driveway not at valet.  Did not open our doors and told us to hurry and get out because she wasn't supposed to stop there.  We got out and had to walk through a dirt covered garden bed in our formal dresses and high heels.  Which was extremely embarrassing.  \nWe called when it was time go, and she told to walk across the street and she picked us up on the side of the road.  Once again no doors opened for us, and we were told to hurry and get in the limo because she wasn't supposed to picking us up from there.  \n\nLastly,  we went to the Las Vegas Welcome sign.  She actually opened one of the doors for us and took a few pictures for us. As we walked to the limo we asked if we could have a  few minutes at the sign and she said we had to get back.  We asked if she could drop us at the hotel lobby instead of the casino and she said she would and we could take some pictures with the limo. \n\nWhen we got close to the hotel lobby she just stopped in the driveway and said can you just get out here because it would be easier.  So again we had open our own doors and climb out in the middle of nowhere.  Did not get the picture with the limo as stated and walked through the busy drop area as she drove past us and through the valet drop off area.  \n\nIt seemed like we did more walking than riding in the limo we paid for.  It really was a waste of our time and money.   I would not recommend using this service nor will I re-book any kind of transport or tour with this company.