Firehouse extinguishes poor quality overpriced subs. There is a fire spreading into certain Subways and across certain Port of Subs. It is a fire made up of the elements of too little for too much $. Not all Subways, but certain Subways put too little meat on their heros. And all the Port of Subs I have been to are overpriced. This gets me on fire. But Firehouse Subs has served me quality and delicious subs at decent prices.\n\n  When I stepped inside the North Decatur at 215 Firehouse Subs it was my second visit to one of their locations. Months earlier after experiencing the Durango at Warm Springs Firehouse Subs, I was up to visiting this location with my brother. It is a location in the Winco\/ Target parking lot. In a way, this is a glorified eatery for Winco and Target. When I walked into Firehouse Subs, I walked into you guess it, a restaurant that resembles a firehouse. This is not a theme restaurant made up at random. In 1994, two former firefighter brothers Robin and Chris Sorensen founded it in Jacksonville, Florida. The restaurant is fairly large with plate glass windows to the left overlooking Decatur Boulevard and a counter to the right for ordering the subs. The employees at the counter were friendly and professional.\n\n  The majority of their heros include meats and cheeses and are steamed hot and placed on a toasted bun. The medium subs range from $5.79 to $6.09. An additional $2.29 upgrades it to a medium combo whereas an additional $2.54 upgrades it to a large combo. For the record, I noticed a slight difference between the medium and large combos. Both size combos include a fountain Coke beverage and bag of chips. Firehouse utilizes the new state-of-the-art Coke machines that feature over 100 flavors of Coke. Peach Fanta and Raspberry Coke taste good with a sub. According to Wikipedia,  Firehouse Subs is the first national franchise to utilize the state-of-the-art Coke machines in all franchises. As far as the subs, Firehouses' s selection is smoking. They include the Hook & Ladder, Firehouse Meatball, New York Steamer,  Italian, Firehouse Hero, and Engineer. I ordered the Firehouse Hero. It burns away some of the competitor's heros. The hero was warm and filled with substance. The substance between the buns was USDA Choice roast beef, smoked turkey breast, Virginia honey ham, and provolone.\n\n   When certain sub shops that charge high prices for so little gets me on fire, Firehouse extinguishes this bad taste. The deal is there currently only twelve locations in the Las Vegas market. And the deal is I plan to return to one of these locations in the future.