We were completely dissatisfied with our stay at Monte Carlo. My friend and I will never come back here nor will we suggest it. We ended up getting moved to one of their sister hotels after 4 room changes (due to quality and cleanliness) and rude staff. Although much of the staff was in fact pleasant, it only takes one to ruin your experience. \n\nMy friend (handicapped) and I were planning on staying there and sitting by the pool and in the lazy river. We arrive to learn that the entire pool area is under construction and it is a 30 minute walk to the MGM pool area that we would be allowed to have access to. My friend can not walk that much, PLUS we should have been notified of the changing facilities, especially since we booked back in November 2016. \n\nROOM 1: When we got to our first room, it smelled musky and there was a soaking wet, dirty, towel on the nightstand table and we were overlooking the pool area construction. \n\nROOM 2: We arrived at our second room, it reeked of cigarette smoke! We understand that smoking is allowed in the casino and on certain floors but this was a non-smoking floor and room and someone had clearly just smoked a cigarette in the room. \n\nROOM 3: They moved us to the third room, which was now on a lower floor, and wallpaper was peeling off of the walls and there was a heavy deodorizer smell filling the room. Even the bellhop said he had never seen a room in that condition.\n\nROOM 4: At this final room, yet an even lower floor, we were beat. There were cigarette holes in the curtains (a non-smoking room), and the bathroom was dirty. We had to have housekeeping come to the room and re-clean the bathroom. There was makeup on the bedding, mildew on the bathroom faucets, and the sink didn't drain. When the maids came in to clean, I was sleeping (my friend was handling the moves at this point), and the maid used the phone ON SPEAKER to clock out! It gave the wrong dial tone sound multiple times, she kept trying, and eventually woke me up. So rude and unprofessional. We didn't sleep well that night either since the walls are paper thin and we heard our neighbors fighting all night.\n\nDuring the room changes, they forgot to bring us our new keys so we were stuck waiting in the room. A manager forgot to call us back so we were also just waiting in the room on them. One manager (I believe Octavio) was extremely rude to us telling us he couldn't move us out of the dirty rooms, which of course later he did.\n\nIt took so long to get checked into our room (we arrived at 4pm) that we missed the gym hours, which we came dressed to hit up. We went to the gym in the morning and the facilities were okay. No bosu ball. There was someone in there cleaning the entire time but he just kept vacuuming and kind of ruining the vibe. People leave their towels all over the place and don't clean the machines. Funny how the cleaner was in there for our entire 1.5 hour workout yet never cleaned up the random towels. \n\nThey eventually comped us our first night and moved us to one of their sister hotels. Sheesh! What an ordeal!