Man I am so HAPPY! I took the shot to try this place. We opted to go here for lunch while my kids were at school. First and fore most if you go here you are truly supporting LOCAL. It's a Husband and Wife team who are BRAND new so yes...they are working out the kinks and decorating. Yes the location is in NLV and its not a place you will see from outside and go try this fine dining spot.but as stated its BRAND NEW..Located on craig in a shopping center ..If you are in the area it's worth a stop. The owners genuinely seem like kind people who want to make us happy with their food. That whole \"Made with love\" thing feels very real here but just like with any place that just opened things don't always go smooth..I think if you try this place out and it is not what you want I believe they will try to find a way to \"fix\"\nit.   As I mentioned earlier my Mom and I stopped  in for lunch during the week,  I was not in the best mood while I was there due to some shopping I did earlier in the day but our Waitress who turned out to be the owner really helped turn that around. This place is currently set up as a sit down authentic mexican joint. Which means the prices aren't going to be Taco Bell status , I saw some people felt it was overpriced but to me it was pretty reasonable for the quality of food.. It isnt a chain or taco bell status .. if that doesn't work for you.. maybe try elsewhere but...if you do go here with an open mind and a empty belly.. I bet you will leave happy. I am pretty picky when it comes to Mexican cuisine for a variety of reasons but especially since I am not a fan of beans. Which often gets lost in translation at places like this 9 out of 10 times. The awesome thing for someone like myself about this place is the Husband and Wife team seem to be a mixture of American and Mexican.So she was able to align and relate to my experience with finding a place that has items I like while understanding that I don't care for BEANS or non chunky salsa . Plus English being her first language definitely helped but her husband appears to be from Mexico (Possibly elsewhere)  The owners names and info are saved somewhere in my notes on my phone but I have taken so long to sit down and write this I will have to come back and edit info later but now I will say the Wife who was our waitress is from California , I only spoke to the  husband  at the end of my meal  and he was going over some of the plans they had for the place concerning different ideas for the place. He was super friendly and happy to hear that I planned to be back  but I was the grumpy pants who was only half paying attention but I am hopeful things work out because I did enjoy the FOOD. Which is probably why you're reading this review so let me get to that part.     When you are seated they bring you their signature red chips and Salsa which are delicious. I don't typically care for salsa unless its closer to a Pico but this had a really great flavor. My experience with salsa like this at other places has had weird after tastes but this you can tell is made with quality ingredients and really is yummy.  Since I enjoyed the chips so much I decided to ask about the Guacamole. Since moving to this area I have found most places have this almost watered down version so I wanted to know what they have. Our Waitress (owner) was super kind enough to let me have a little sample. It was so yummy I opted to get some to bring home. Definitely could tell it was fresh made and the perfect balance.  My Mom got a Quesadilla that was made with a Red Tortilla, the cheese was good and even though its hard to mess up a Quesadilla this one just seemed to be on point .  After reading reviews I had trouble picking what I wanted. Since it was lunch time it made it even worse cause the space allocated for my tummy fill ups was hard to decide. . I ended up not being able to make up my mind so I got a few different things . I saw photos of the Tortilla soup so I wanted to try that and let me just say if  you are a fan of chicken soup I HIGHLY Recommend getting the Chicken Tortilla soup. It literally was one of the best soups I have had in so long. I am not a fan of beans as stated above yet I couldn't stop myself from eating every last bit of this soup. The flavors are on point and it didn't have any funky flavors every bit was good. You could tell the chicken was fresh and the tortillas didn't lose all their crunch.  Next  I opted to try out some Ala Carte Tamales which I had read people didn't care for the size but personally I don't want HUGE tamales because I want to be able to have a few different flavors and anytime I have had them home made by friends back in Cali they were around this size. My favorite tamale is always just the Cheese and peppers which Red Tortilla got RIGHT. I also tried the Carnitas Ala Carte which was yummy too! so  I hope you give this place a try even if its just \"To Go\" because I plan to keep coming back.