My boyfriend and I had just arrived in Vegas and we were starving.  We decided we would treat ourselves to a wonderful (and expensive, but worth it) dinner at Milos, which is in the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  We were staying at Aria across the way.  After dinner, I was taking the escalator down a level and my Christian Louboutin heel got stuck in the escalator.  My heel was pulled into the base of the escalator, which didn't stop right away, it stopped only after a few more seconds and after it chewed up the heel.  I am VERY lucky the shoe didn't have a strap around my ankle and that I was quick enough to be able to pull my foot out before something catastrophic happened.  It happened so fast and it was a really scary experience, as nothing like that has ever happened to me before.  Nobody came to help me get my shoe out of the escalator and it was only after I had someone in a store across the way call security, did someone come 20 minutes later (if not longer).  By the way, that employee who called security for me told me I was the SECOND person that had happened to THAT DAY!  You would think there would be warnings near these escalators if this was a normal occurrence! No hotel managers or guest service employees came to talk to me or help me, only the security guard who pulled my shoe out asked me to fill out an incident report.  He told me someone from risk management would get in touch with me after an \"investigation\" had taken place.  Um, an investigation of what?!?!  After I filled out the report, I wasn't even offered even a pair of flip flops to wear back to my hotel, I had to walk back to my hotel barefoot!  WHAT KIND OF HOSPITALITY IS THAT FROM AN EXPENSIVE HOTEL?????  After a few days, I still didn't hear anything back from them, so I called Risk Management at the hotel (who I was told would be contacting me), because I would obviously like them to reimburse me for the repair of my very expensive shoes that were a gift from my father, that I can't replace.  Not only did they tell me that they would not be offering me any compensation whatsoever, they blamed my shoe and told me the best they could offer me was an apology and they are glad I wasn't hurt.  I was appalled.  I asked to speak to someone else at the hotel, as I couldn't believe that this was the way this hotel would handle a situation like this, as I was sure no upper management at this hotel would want one of their customers to leave this mortified and empty handed.  If that wasn't insulting enough, Chance Doran, the Senior Guest Services Manager, called me a few hours later and told me the same exact thing that the Risk Management woman told me: not their fault, they are not paying for the repair of my shoes, they are glad I wasn't hurt and could only offer me an apology.  After I expressed my disbelief that they are refusing to even chip in to help pay for the repair of my shoes at the very least, I was SHOCKED they didn't feel compelled to offer ANYTHING to make right of my ruined evening and expensive pair of shoes. If that wasn't insulting enough, he then offered me a 15% discount and a complimentary one tier upgrade the next time I stay at their hotel!!!!  Are you kidding me right now??   \n\nDear Cosmopolitan Hotel and Marriott - you should be ashamed and embarrassed that THIS is how you train your guest services employees when something horrific happens at your hotel to one of your guests at NO fault of their own.  This situation CERTAINLY wasn't my fault, and there was no warning that this has happened, come to find out, not just twice that day, but SEVERAL times at your hotel!  I am putting you guys on blast and this is NOT going to be the last time you hear from me.  Not only because a sentimental and expensive pair of my shoes were ruined, but how the situation was treated.  Don't underestimate the power of social media.