I expect Vaughan to be the next cradle of civilization, the next beacon of math and science in the world, the next lighthouse of literature and humanity, the vanguard of Canada's foray into complex mathematics and abstract physics...\n\nNowhere else have I see so many scholars-to-be congregated together in such close quarters tending to the sciences and liberal arts as in Coffee Culture. With this study location and 2 nearby libraries (Civic Centre and Maple Library) the future is secure and bright.\n\nEvery table was occupied by students on the internet with laptops and mobile phones.... which meant no table was available for us who wanted to order food.\n\nSo instead we decided to go for a walk and then drive home to eat. But while we were there we decided to pick up ice creams because it was such a hot day and we hadn't had ice cream in a while. The menu (sign) said something about 'dark cherry' so I picked that. Not available. The sign also said chocolate. Not available. My friend asked for something else -  cannot remember what - and... yes... not available. So we ordered vanilla.\n\nIn the meantime, the two women behind the counter were rather unfriendly and uninterested. I guarantee you they do not know how to say, 'you are welcome.' They just look at it you, after you stare them down and they begrudgingly decide to shuffle over to you and respond to your order (which is apparently unavailable so maybe that is why they are not happy to see a customer), questions and thank-you with.. grunts. Seriously. The two women were like Groot. Hey ladies, er I mean study area Wi-Fi technicians, smile a little and learn to say 'thank-you' or 'you are welcome' or 'we do not have that (this one they should recite constantly) but instead we suggest that...'\n\nBottom-line: I could not tell you what their sandwiches are like (or even if they have them available) because every table had laptops on it and not food and there was no table so we decided to move on.\n\nBy the way, the ice cream had actual ice in it (as in crushed ice cube or water that had iced) and their interior is quite nice and cosy. I like the dark atmosphere.\nHowever, no tissues or napkins are available anywhere (perhaps there is toilet paper in the washroom?).\n\n\nToo bad every table with two or three students connected to Wi-Fi and supposedly studying had occupants which were kidding each other, being touchy-feely with each other, checking out their school-mates at the next table or looking at Hollywood Stars' videos. Must be a relief for the parents to have their kids out of the house and cluttering up somewhere else.\nFinally, in fairness to the employees maybe they are unaccustomed to a 'customer' ordering food so did not know how to react to us. I did not see any food or drink on any of the tables and they were all occupied.