We went there for lunch yesterday as a corporate team. Two of my colleagues and I arrived slightly later than everyone so everyone was already seated and looking at their menus. I was recommended the wings by many of my colleagues saying they are one of the best in town so I ordered a basket of the crispy wings, mild. I decided to share it with my colleague and ordered a burger as well. I went for the regular burger, double patty. I also ordered a coke. A lot of people on the table also ended up ordering wings, with different heat levels. \n\nWings came out pretty quick and they were delicious! The heat for the mild was perfect and the crispiness of the wings was just right, my colleague and I really enjoyed it. \n\nOur burgers followed. The burger was fresh and the meat tasted very good. My only wonder was why there was no tomatoes in the burger or mayo. I ordered mayo on the side and spread some on the bun. The food comes with fries or half and half with onion rings or salad. Since the onion rings were beer battered, I ended up ordering just fries which were pretty good. \n\nThere was a small error that happened with one of our colleagues' order. They ordered hot wings and they got what seemed like medium. When the waitress returned after a while, they had eaten half of the basket but kept wondering the whole time about the level of heat and so when she came by, they told her that the wings were not hot enough and there must have been a mix up so she gave them a new basket of hot wings but instead of just leaving whatever was left of the medium wings, she returned saying that the manager asked her to remove the medium basket! It was a bit weird to us, I mean, why do you care if you leave it on the table? It was the restaurant's error and besides, it's gonna go to waste because they have to toss it any way! \n\nPutting this incident on the side, the place and service are good and the food was pretty good too. Prices are average. I would definitely return for the wings next time!