My fiancé has taken me to so many good restaurants in the 3 years we've been together. He knows food well and he also works in the food industry so his taste and palette is really top notch in my book. So when we went to Vegas for a work conference a few weeks before out 3 year anniversary, I decided it was time for me to take him out to a nice restaurant and hopefully \"WOW\" him with my choice of restaurant. We watch a lot of Top Chef and other food shows and I, myself, was also on the Food Network but it was for \"Worst Cooks in America\" so let's just say I don't know food well. But my fiancé has trained me well and my palette has improved immensely. So I remember him saying he always wanted to try Tom Colichhio's restaurant but that when he tried to book a reservation for my birthday, it was always full. So I quickly made reservations and made it happen!\n\nIt was such a perfect night and perfect experience from beginning to end. Service was top notch of course. So friendly and so helpful. They gave us a nice semi-private booth and it was so nice. We got cocktails which were delicious and strong. I guess we both aren't heavy drinkers so 1 drink was enough to get us a little light-headed. haha\n\nMy fiancé ordered the ribeye steak that was cooked to perfection with such amazing flavors! I ordered short rib and yet again it was so juicy and flavorful.  Both piece of meets was just divine and mouth watering. I'm drooling just thinking about it and I totally want to come back here again. It was the best steak and short rib I've ever had! As for sides, we ordered the potato gratin and brussel sprouts with delicious cured bacon sprinkled about. I personally felt the brussel sprouts were a tad too salty but my fiancé loved them and didn't feel it was too salty. I loved the potato gratin thought!\n\nWe couldn't finish all our food and ate it the next day for another meal and it was still as good as we remembered it. We didn't order any dessert but the chef gave us a tiny piece of dessert on a platter that says \"congratulations\" to celebrate our engagement and anniversary. Aww than you chef!\n\nOverall, it was an amazing and wonderful experience. Very romantic and great service and superb quality food. I want to come back here!! It was that good!