This is no longer a liquid nitrogen ice cream vendor. Instead, it's an inexpensive yet surprisingly solid dessert shop.\n\nBubble Mixology is in a small plaza on Spring Mountain near Jones with such notable neighbors as KJ Kitchen and TangTangTang. I'd bookmarked them a while back for liquid nitrogen ice cream, and although I was disappointed to learn that they had stopped making that product, I was more than happy to give them a try.\n\nI didn't get any of the drinks, although those seemed to be pretty popular. I guess that the various teas, coffees, and shakes are the inspiration behind their name, rather than the desserts which I focused on. (I might've grabbed something had I been hungrier or less fearful of caffeine at the relatively late evening hour.)\n\nFirst off, check out the ice cream prices. They charge $1, $1.75, or $2.50 respectively for 1, 2, or 3 scoops. The scoop size is pretty generous and the texture was smooth and free of ice crystals. I was more than happy to be able to try three flavors, with is half of their very limited and very American assortment. Lack of choices (and Asian flavors) aside, I was happy with each of my vanilla, cookies & cream, and cookie dough.\n\nNext, get ready to be shocked by the waffles. They're the variety which are variously known in other dessert shops as egg waffles, egglets, Hong Kong waffles, etc. The menu lists plain waffles as $2.50 and flavored waffles as $3.00, although I only paid the smaller price for some reason for my matcha waffle. It was surprisingly and pleasantly quite enjoyable. The texture stayed crispy outside and soft inside until the last bite, which took a while because I was eating the ice cream on top of the waffle. The matcha flavor was light, but that's par for the course.\n\nDid I mention that these prices are tax-free? Offering solid entry-level ice cream and some of the better egg waffles at these prices is mind-boggling in 2018. The lowest price I can find elsewhere in town (researching via Yelp photos) for egg waffles is $4, and I'm pretty sure ice cream isn't that cheap except at a certain popular chain with 25 more flavors than you'll find here.\n\nI can criticize them for a lot of things (awkward placement of water\/utensil\/napkin station, weird setup of menus, out-of-place metal table, relatively short hours), but service was okay considering that there were two people trying to cope with a huge family group of about 15 and cleanliness was on-point. I had a fairly comfortable visit.\n\nBubble Mixology isn't a true foodie spot or destination to get excited over, but it's a very affordable and competent dessert option should you find yourself in this neighborhood and not feeling as spendy as you'd need to be for trendy sweets.