After the installers seen all the problems with the doors not closing right and said, your salesman should of known to design the shutters in two parts due to the size. The office knows about the closing issues and will have the salesman come out tomorrow from 12 - 3 to see the problem. Next day I called the office after 4 and asked what happen to my appointment with the salesman, the receptionist said sorry but the salesman will not be coming over today the store manger has taken over the case and will  review and call me in a few days. \"Excellent Service at its best.\" Tuesday the following week I received a call from the store manger with a cheep fix take it or leave it. He only offered to fix window 1 only, with two new inner panels. I asked him will that help with the closing and the warping of the panels. He said No, the shutters are 9ft high and thats normal due to the size. I told him I'm not happy these results and if he can come pick up the shutters and repair my walls to original. He said, do to  there's nothing wrong with them, the job is complete. I told him the shutter on window 2 does not even close! He said, \"I'm looking at the photos I have from the installers, it looks like closes just fine. I offered him to come see the shutters himself, he said no need to he had photos. I said ok, I'll show people your complete fine job and ended the call with him.  The salesman that designed the 9' foot tall shutters should of mentioned that these shutters will not close like the other shutters. I'm close to 60 years old and you want me to lift 9 foot tall shutters to close it.  Now to the \"professionally Installers\" at Rapid Blinds & Shutters, that forgot to mention we damaged your wall with a nailgun, till I asked them why are these nails sticking out of the wall! The nerve to act like they where unaware of it till I showed them shows the incompetence they had. Then said we can repair it, thats no problem. They repaired it with silicone glue. Very professionally install I must say LOL. Rapid Blinds & Shutters never showed up after the install, you act like shutters are designed to have hard time to close, you act like nothing is wrong with lifting shutters to close them. After I expose your lack of craftsmanship, lack of customer service, and lack of work ethics. You should tried to do the right thing instead of trying to act unaware. I think you as a owner\/manger did know first hand this was wrong after you seen the photos first day but stalled on purpose to collect your money first from the credit card company before me calling them to tell them this job is not acceptable and I never signed off on it being done. Then offer me a cheep fix that lack incompetence Rapid Blinds & Shutters shows.