I would like to first make note of my FIVE star rating. I am not easily pleased as I truly believe and feel that businesses have to do what they are there to do which is PLEASE the CUSTOMER (as long as the customer is not an IGNORANT individual trying to give them a HARD TIME, I commend those who are still good with these people as well.\nNOW TO THE REVIEW:\nI was the Matron of Honor in a friend's wedding on March 9, 2013 in Dallas, TX and my husband and I are new to Charlotte, NC so we have to start all over to find a cleaners, tailor, doctors, etc.. (you get the point). My dress was \"custom\" from a boutique in Dallas, TX where they made the dress according to your measurements which mine are very UNNORMAL 36-26-42. The dress was $275 with shipping and when it arrived it smothered me (they sent a size 16 and I have NEVER worn a 16 in my LIFE). I went to SEVEN - YES SEVEN tailors in and around Charlotte and was told that the dress had to be taken apart and put back together in order to fit me because they needed to take about 16 inches from the dress from different areas in order for the dress to fit my Original Coca Cola bottle figure and the cost would range from $225-$300 which would put this HORRIBLE dress in the price range of $500 - $600. \nMy LAST and FINAL stop was to Matthews Alterations & Cleaners (my husband suggested we try them because we see the place every time we go to Costco). I didn't express to them the price I had been given at the SEVEN other alteration shops I just tried it on and spoke on the HORROR the dress is causing. Laura Tran was so Funny, NICE and understanding. She laughed with me when I put the dress on and it fell to the floor when I stop holding it up. She put pins everywhere and told me to come back next week which I did and tried it on again, it had to be worked on again and I came back the third time and you would have NEVER thought it was the SAME DRESS it was ABSOLUTELY PERFECT and after all that work I didn't care how much it cost and OVERALL it only cost me $60 I could not BELIEVE it. I gave her a $40 tip because I just couldn't believe that she took my dress apart and put it back together so PERFECTLY and HUMBLY and was so NICE to me and my FAMILY in the process.\n\nThis is my family NEW Alteration shop DEFINITELY!!!!