Three and a half stars for the buffet style food, but five stars for the lobster, the peking duck that is served and made in front of you, the service and the fact that if you come and it's your birthday, it's free for you!\n\nOkay, so weekend dinner is $28.99, weekday dinner is $23.99, plus tax. I'm not exactly sure how much it is for lunch, but I recall seeing a sign that it was around $15 for all you can eat. It sounds pretty expensive, cause I mean, you COULD go for sushi for this price, which is actually very true, but I don't think you could get freshly made deep fried lobster with great sauce and however much lobster you want for that price.\n\nI usually go to Congee Queen or other restaurants to pay $20+ for a lobster yee mein, and here, the staff were super friendly and even brought it to our table, or if there weren't any outside (as business was a little slow), said that we could just order it and they would bring it to our table. The plates were all promptly changed, and we had drinks almost immediately, whenever we ordered. There was no surcharge for any soft drink. This place is still relatively new, so I totally understand if they were trying to make a good impression on their customers. \n\nThe sushi didn't quite appeal to me, nor did any of the cold mussels, crab legs, shrimp and clams. I DID, however appreciate the mussels that were stir fried in black bean sauce. The food wasn't super hot, but the lobster was definitely really good. I also enjoyed how they made the peking duck on a trolley and served it to the tables. I would go out to dim sum restaurants and pay $160 for a peking duck lobster meal and find that the peking duck doesn't have meat on it or isn't cooked properly. The peking duck here, is actually cooked properly - (a little longer than needed though, so it's not as juicy) and it has meat in it. I didn't have to add anything myself and it was all handmade (that's why the skin of the peking duck wrap is a little different). \n\nFor a Chinese buffet, I felt like it was edible as a Chinese person. Many of the Chinese buffets like Mandarin taste terrible to me. I would say, that it is buffet standard food, so don't expect it to be like those sit-down restaurants with amazing quality (the only thing amazing was really the lobster, and the black bean clams when it is freshly brought out). I could tell that it's hard to make the food super hot all the time as it's still a relatively new place, but I think the staff are really trying to listen to their customers and make it a good experience. Secondly, for all you can eat lobster and for a free meal to the birthday person, I definitely had a good and non expensive experience here. (No automated tip charge).