Came for drinks and food, was interrogated instead.\n\nMy girlfriend and I came to Seasons 52 because we had a gift card to various restaurants owned by the same parent company. Boy did we choose wrong! Once we were seated we were immediately greeted by our waitress Alexandra. After going over the menu with us and HER asking US if we would like to start off with some wine, my girlfriend orders a glass and I chose a beer. After being asked for ID (not uncommon, we are 24 & 23 and have been asked hundreds of times) we ran into some problems.\n\nAfter staring at my ID for what seems like 20 seconds she asks me what my date of birth is... Uhh, it's on the ID, why are you asking me? But I promptly tell her the date. Then she requests the year, I tell her that too. Then she proceeds to ask me \"Do you usually get away with having this kind of ID?\"\n\nI still have the vertical under 21 ID. I later learned after going home and doing my OWN research that as of last week they are no longer accepted for purposes of buying alcohol in AZ. Fair enough, but for some reason the waitress refused to tell us this. She instead asks if we usually get away with this. Really? Yes, we've legally bought alcohol the past three years and \"gotten away with it\". No, we have not \"usually gotten away with\" buying alcohol the past 9 days when this law was enacted. \n\nPlease, your in the service industry. The obvious way to handle this situation is apologize and inform your customers. That is common sense, but apparently customer service at Seasons 52 is defined by treating your customers like idiotic plebs because two young looking college graduates who have full time salary positions don't know about the changes made in YOUR industry last week.\n\nAfter being talked down to and staring at my ID for another minute she then proceeds to ask for my girlfriends ID. She also still has the vertical \"under 21 until\". She then requests some other form of identification from her, but didn't from me... WHAT?! We are looking at each other in shock at this point and are exasperated. We ask what she could possibly want that is more proving of our age than our State ID. She asks for a credit card! There is no date of birth on a credit card! She then thanks us and says \"sorry but it's our policy\".\n\nFirst off, no it's not your policy, it's now the state law, secondly, the law states that \"under 21\" ID is only accepted now with a passport, other state issued ID after the the person has turned 21, or a military ID. Not a credit card! So while Alexandra talked down to us like this law has been in place the past 100 years, she didn't even follow the procedures herself, and in turn, broke the law! Kind of ironic, huh? Pro-tip, you're in the wrong industry if you get off on talking down to people because you found out something before them. You're suppose to know the new laws and inform your customers, not us. People who succeed in the customer service industry get personal enjoyment on creating great experiences and making people's days. I couldn't help but feel like she was getting personal enjoyment on harassing us instead.\n\nThe place was really nice inside, can't speak on the food or drinks though because we walked out after that initial encounter. With how blatantly rude she was to our face we didn't want to take the chance on actually consuming something from them.