I just moved to Lakewood and remembered how much I loved El Tango from 10 years ago, when I used to stop here for carryout on my way home from work in downtown CLE.  I was really excited to be so close to what I remember as my favorite mexican restaurant.  I read the yelp reviews and figured we could put up with a rude owner in exchange for the great food as I recall.  OMG!  This recent experience was crazy!  We called at 8:45 PM on Tuesday night to order carryout.  We ordered for two.  In the middle of placing the order, the owner hung up on us.  We called back to complete the order then asked how long it would take.  The owner (and I know he was the owner because I recognized his crappy attitude and voice) said it would take an HOUR for carryout because he was slammed.  Yet, there was no noise in the background, so we wondered where the crowd was?  However, we said ok, we'd be there in an hour.  We arrived at 9:45, 15 minutes before they closed at 10:00 PM.  And, THEY WERE CLOSED!!  We could not believe it.  What a jerk!!!  After reading the Yelp reviews and my experience with the owner from years ago, I believe the owner has a serious drinking and bi-polar problem.  He needs psychotherapy.  I wonder how he's been able to survive this long.  Yes, his prices are very high.  I could not believe he lied to us AND closed the restaurant that night early; leaving us at almost 10:00 PM wondering where to go for mexican food.\n\nHaving worked as a server\/bartender during my college years (and making a boatload of $$ in tips) I rate restaurants on customer service first and food second.  \nThis was the WORST experience I've had at a restaurant in the last 20 years.  I feel sorry for this owner...he needs serious help psychologically, professionally and in the customer service dept.  Too bad because on a good day, his food from what I remember, was fantastic and we don't mind paying the overpriced for authenticity.  So now I wonder where to go in Lakewood for authentic mexican\/latin american?\nMomocho was just OK, but outside of the amazing guacamole, I don't love this place.  Luchitas perhaps?\n\nI wish I could recommend this place.  I hope the owner gets help.