Before I knew it was a local chain, NYPD Pizza served as an oasis of semi-authenticity amid a sea of Brea, California-like national-chain-store hell.  My parents and I were frantically driving home from a bloodbath of a college football game, but we weren't going to roll the dice and wait till Blythe, California, and settle for its pathetic Denny's.  No, my intrepid readers, I got off the freeway at North Dysart Road--and there was South Bend, Indiana-inspired authenticity to that random choice, though it's difficult and possibly in poor taste for me to explain the reference--and searched amid the strip malls for something, anything that wasn't an Applebee's or a P.F. Chang or a Mimi's Cafe.\n\nThere was NYPD Pizza.  Technically, it's just NYPD, since it stands for New York Pizza Department.  But I'll forgive them the redundancy and almost the blind, tacit approval of police brutality because this restaurant knows what it's doing.\n\nThe food is delicious, although I didn't have any pizza.  It comes in large portions, and there's quite a variety for a random Arizona pizza chain.  The service really stands out as well.  I believe four people helped us, and each one was very friendly and efficient.  If someone had to pass along a task to someone else, he or she let us know what was going on.  Even though the restaurant was busy on a Saturday night and we were sitting in a prime booth, we never felt rushed, yet we received our bill right after we turned down dessert.  No fussing or ignoring us just because we weren't going to order anything else; my dad's coffee got refilled, and we were on our way.\n\nThe New York theme is done well, and it's actually subtle, which is quite an accomplishment in a restaurant this large.  The bathrooms are clean, and there's tons of parking.\n\nIt reminded me of Welcome Back, Kotter, even though no one was yelling \"Ooh! ooh!\" and there wasn't a closet with the word \"CLOSET\" painted on the wall right above it in a horrid shade of brown.