The wonders of CreditOne..My account got closed, (without a reason that I knew of)\nCall 1- I try to speak to the person but he was just simply not understanding and too stuck in his script to help .. so I ask to reopen the account online so I can try to fix whatever needs fixing. he says he cant ..so I ask for a supervisor..he says the supervisor would say the same.. I told him I need a supervisor..and if only a supervisor can open it why not transfer me.. I repeated myself until he transferred me.. during the hold..the phone disconnected. awesome \nCall 2- I tell that rep I was waiting for a supervisor on my last call but their line disconnected..he made me go through the whole thing all over again.. I asked for a supervisor..he refused a few times..then finally transferred me.. while trying to tell my whole thing AGAIN..the supervisor put me on hold..and disconnected..GREAT!\nCall 3- I again nicely tell the new rep that I was talking to a supervisor and the call disconnected. He says that he cannot get one because they are all in a meeting..uhm..no..they werent.. he kept repeating himself and said someone will call me back in 72 hours...I said I was JUST speaking to a supervisor so thats impossible...he repeated himself more..so I decided to hang up that time\nCall 4- I ask AGAIN to speak to a supervisor..said my spiel quickly since I know what Im saying..he transferred me right away..guess that meeting only lasted 5 min huh?? Spoke to a supervisor ..he said he couldnt do anything without my CHECKING account info..I told him I was driving and so far no one has mentioned that.. I said I need it open tonight so I can send a payment...he said \"I can only open it for you tonight if you have the checking account..call back when you decide to have it in front of you\" ..and hung up... REALLY??\nCall 5- I give the girl the checking info and she said it will take 7-10 days... HELL? My payment is due in 7 days....why cant I do it over the phone? Cause they will charge me 19.95.. So..I said the supervisor I just spoke to said it would be tonight.. so I asked for another supervisor..she put me on hold..came back..said no one is available..and was about to disconnect but I said I rather wait now then days to be called back.. and currently..I am on hold..\nI have never ever closed a credit card but once I pay off this one..it is being CLOSED..\nTHEY.SUCK.PERIOD.