There's a reason I haven't been inside a movie theater in years.  And cost is just one of them.  Those who know me won't be surprised to read what finally got me to this small local non-profit theater was the 2015 Internet Cat Video Festival.  And that's just one of the reasons I fell in love with the Hollywood Theater.\n\nThere are many reasons to love the Hollywood Theater.  For starters, the gorgeous marque outside that displays current showings.  Once inside, the small lobby is like taking a trip back in time.  There is a small snack counter with your essentials (popcorn, soda, candy) and on the occasion of the CatVidFest, they were also selling \"it's supposed to be a cat\" cookies that were mostly shaped like cats.  I of course bought one of the cookies, a soda and popcorn.  In front of the register after purchasing my snacks I noticed several seasoning options for the popcorn.  One key thing to note for anyone who doesn't already know is the fact that the Hollywood Theater is BYOB.  And the bathrooms found downstairs are also clean and well-maintained.  \n\nInside the theater itself I found clean and comfortable accommodations.  The chairs are big and cozy with plenty of leg room.  There are a few couches and tables near the back, too.  I found myself a seat, leaned back and started chowing down on my big bag of popcorn.  I enjoyed a local fellow playing the theater organ before the owner introduced himself and got the cat videos started.  And even though most of the viral videos are ones I'd seen before, it was the atmosphere and the crowd that made this event and the location so much fun.\n\nDormont can be tricky when it comes to parking but if it's an evening show parking is free after 6pm and there is on-street parking as well as a public lot.  Outside food cannot be brought in but there are several nearby restaurants for a meal before a movie.  \n\nI am now a Facebook follower of the Hollywood Theater and will be paying close attention to upcoming events and screenings.  They frequently host guests and special events that always catch my eye.  I hope to enjoy more events here and cash in on the free popcorn that comes with a Yelp check in.