Stopped in for lunch on their opening day. Beautiful place, large dining area and large bar. They also have games in the back as well as two bocce ball courts. If you can't make it inside they also have a pickup window.The menu is full of classic Italian dishes with a few twists. \n\nWarning this is not your typical Dante restaurant. Most of the menu items here are supplied from their purveyors with ready made sauces and par baked pizza crusts. So we started with some appetizers, we had the pepperoni rolls which had great flavor, they had a nice char on the bottom, the cheese to pepperoni ratio was nice. Next was the Nonnas meatballs. Again another great dish. The meatballs had good flavor and texture. And finally the Dum Yum Wings. OMG! These were amazing. They had a great breading and the sweet and savory seasoning was outstanding. Then we ordered a few pizza's starting with spaghetti & Meatball Pizza. Now the crust on this pizza and all the rest for us was bland and under cooked. Again keep in mind they do not make the dough in-house.  The topping were dry and over cooked and not much flavor. Next pizza was the vegiterranean. It had great toppings and the sauce had great flavor. Also had the bianco pizza, the only thing you could taste was sweetness, it was to much for us. Also tried the hotdog & French fries pizza. For kids this would be great. For us the combination just didn't work. And the last pizza was the seaside. Amazing! It had a load of seafood and the sauce really complimented the whole thing. Then we went in to the pasta course. Ordering the potato gnocchi gratin. The gnocchi was nice and tender, but the sauce was super oily and we could not eat it. Also tried the baked vegetable lasagna. The pasta was cooked nice and the sauce was flavorful, the only down side is we did not like that the veggies were raw. Last but not least dessert. Sicilian cannoli was fantastic. Nutella calzone was really great love the mix of nutella and banana, great combo and really messy. Finally the show stopping chocolate strawberry tiramisu. On the menu it said for two, it could feed six it was that huge. Wonderful combination with the strawberry and the soft ladyfingers, topped with chocolate covered strawberries. Would definitely get this again. Overall great experience, staff is great, atmospher great, the food was underwhelming.