I'm not inclined to waste time crafting a cleverly worded review for such a subpar experience, so I'll just bullet point it out after a little background. \n\nI remember going to the GC as a kid\/teenager for special events that called for a special, grand space and fancy food. The GC back then did an admirable job of accomplishing that. The main dining room (once the passenger terminal for the old PA and Lake Erie RR) is a spectacular, inspiring environment, and the food, if a bit stuffy, was well executed and fresh.The other night was a sad reminder that things change, often not for the better. Thusly:\n\n1. Upon being seated a member of our party found a bunch of dirty cloth napkins _underneath_ the table. After asking the hostess what we should do with them we were met with something along the lines of \"Well, I can't reach them so what would you like me to do?\". This resulted in said party member handing the soiled linen to said hostess and quickly excusing herself to disinfect her hands. \n\n2. We ordered a bottle of wine and the clearly inexperienced server didn't pour an even volume into all of glasses to the members of our party who were partaking. When we politely asked about this he said that if there's not an equal volume for the final glass then there's just not an equal volume for the final glass. As this is total hogwash we asked to speak to a manager who came over and provided a replacement glass of wine. \n\n3. After the \"wine incident\" the waiter was visibly passive aggressive in his interactions with the table. It went so far as that when he'd walk away from our table, members of our party could see him shaking his head on multiple occasions. We were nothing but civilized following his mistake and this was obviously an amateur and immature reaction to not owning up to a simple mistake.\n\n4. I had the salmon Rockefeller. It was barely edible. The fish was cooked dry and was not hot. I take that back, it was at precisely the temperature that a piece of fish would be at after sitting under a heating lamp for 45 minutes. Similarly, the bernaise sauce was congealed and the spinach and crab stuffing had little crap and a lot of watery spinach. The caesar salad contained precisely 1 piece of anchovy. \n\n5. We ordered dessert and coffee. The member of our party who ordered an Irish coffee was forgotten. When we asked after 15min for the item it arrived in less than a minute, cold, and with obviously canned whipped cream oozing down the side of the glass. Oh yeah, and no spoon.\n\n6. I ordered a beer. Despite the extensive wine list the GC has Coors Light on tap along with some other shitty beers and a couple of Sam Adams. I get they're not a gastropub or anything but there should be a little bit more attention to having one or two quality beers on draft.\n\nIn summary, for about $40\/person you can be sassed and served bad food in a delightful old building. It's a shame the GC has fallen so low. They need Gordon Ramsay to come in and knock some heads around because whatever they're doing these days is simply embarrassing.