4.5 stars.\nThis is one of the few restaurants on the Strip that, in my humble opinion, is not overrated. In a nutshell, you will enjoy a fine dining experience with exceptional service.\nWe came here to Bellagio to enjoy a nicer dinner before watching 'O' and I really had my doubts. But as the night rolled along, the high ratings were justified more and more.\nThe food:\nWe had the Prix-Fixe Menu. Started with Steak Tartare, and Japanese Yellowtail. The quail egg added a nice bit of extra flavor to the Tartare, and I love what this place did with Yuzu sauce for the Yellowtail. \nFor our main dishes, we got the Spring Colorado Lamb, and the Rabbit Symphony. We decided we wanted to try different things, so that's what we got. The Rabbit was exceptional! I'm absolutely sure that there are many people who cannot bring themselves to eat rabbit for whatever reason, but it was absolutely delectable! \nLastly for our desserts, we got the Chocolate Ball, and the Chocolate Souffle. The chocolate ball reminded me of a dessert that I had at Sweets Raku over in Chinatown. Very interesting to watch it melt in front of you. \nThe Prix-Fixe Menu is about $105 per person. \nThe service was over the top! We had multiple servers who were all very knowledgeable about the food (especially the alcohol) and they seem to be very passionate about what they are serving. It made the evening extra fun. I personally hate sleepy restaurants, so I definitely enjoyed this type of environment. \nSo why not a perfect 5 stars? We made reservations for 7:30pm and arrived at 7:10pm. So we were asked to sit at the bar or come back closer to our reservation time. We sat at the bar until 7:30, but still were not seated. It didn't look that busy, but we still kept waiting. We finally sat down around 7:50pm. Of course, this isn't some quick eating place, and we need some time to eat here, but we did feel a little rushed because we had to catch our 9:30 showing of 'O' which we were recommended to arrive by 9:15. We ended up making the show on time, but if we weren't seated 20 minutes late, we would have had plenty of time and not felt rushed to enjoy our delicious dinner.\nOverall, I highly recommend this place, even if you are a local. Yes, we generally hate going to the Strip, but this is one place to go to especially if you want to take out of town guests someplace nice.