I first went here with a large group for a Yelp event and really enjoyed the uniqueness of the food. I liked the yellowtail collar and the presentation of it on a board. I didn't like the compressed watermelon with fish sauce. I think fish sauce has its place and I wouldn't say its with fruit. The waiters knew their stuff and took the time to explain each dish. Service was great for a big group and the food kept coming. Let's just say It made me want to come back for more after my first experience.\n\nThe second time was just today and it was for happy hour. I'm not sure if something was off or we ordered the wrong things, but I was disappointed in some ways. Granted I've been eating paleo and have been eating very mild food so everything here was bursting with extreme flavors and some were not good. Everything mentioned below was from the happy hour menu.\n\n The tuna hand roll- great presentation with orchid flower. Simple and tasty, I ordered two. No soy sauce or ginger offered, too embarrassed to ask but wondering of that's normal? 4 stars \n\nshort ribs- fall off the bone good. 5 stars\n\nAsian bacon- pork belly looked dry when they brought it out but it was moist. It sat on a bed of salad which was completely soaked in fish sauce. The pork belly was delightful but the fish sauce soaked salad underneath was overboard fishy taste. 5 stars for pork belly 2 stars for fishy salad \n\nTuna ceviche- I love tuna I love ceviche I love coconut I love tomatoes I love strawberries but put them all together and you have one disgusting mix. It was not edible in my opinion. I forced myself to eat it because it was $7 and I'm a real cheap ass.  I don't know what that sauce is that its soaked in but I couldn't event taste the tuna!! It was completely overpowered by the coconut \"sauce\" at the bottom of the dish. Gross. Negative stars\n\nKaraage chicken- I can't say I've ever had a bad karaage until I came here. How can you screw this up? I'm so confused. It was soaked in sweet chili sauce and had tons of onions sliced. Who wants to eat large slices of chili soaked onions. The sauce again was overpowering. Negative stars\n\nSake orenji- one of my favorites here, perfect blend of flavors! 5 stars but no longer on the happy hour menu\n\nBrussel sprouts- I've been dreaming of these brussel sprouts. They were very oily today and not oily the first time I had them, usually 5 stars, today minus a star for the pool of oil ;(\n\nBeet fries- love the presentation in the cute basket! Nice dipping sauce. Sadly I love beets and love fries but it tasted like warm pure beets. I didn't get much of a breading or a fries taste. 3 stars you better really like the taste of pure beets. \n\nI still am curious to give it another try based on my good first experience here but I'm not sure what to order. It's been hit or miss for me. \n\n5 stars for first time and 3 stars this time making it 4 stars.