Lucky lucky me! And it's nice to have some of my Karma coming back to me! \n\nI decided to try out the Longhorn Steakhouse Saturday night.  I thought it was a new location of a different restaurant of a similar name on Southern that had closed, but when I got there I discovered this was a brand new restaurant that hadn't even opened yet. The parking lot was full but when I got the to the front door I was told by the two people holding menus that this was a training night and not open to the public. I made a joke that it was too bad I couldn't be a trainee for the evening and went to leave when  they asked, Is it just you? and I said Yup, just me, so they handed me a menu and said you can go on in and sit in the bar area. The meal will be complimentary and we hope you enjoy your dinner. \n\nAfter I picked my jaw up off the floor I walked in and was seated at the bar by a very nice hostess and an even nicer bartender named Jen came up to me and started explaining that I could order any meal on the menu, that it included either an appetizer or dessert, my choice, and she started describing the drinks to me. I thought the folks in front said drinks were included but I did get charged for the Margarita at the end, but that was okay because it was delicious and what was in the shaker filled the class twice so it was well worth it. I looked over the menu and couldn't believe what I was seeing. So many good choices! I asked if the combinations were included and she said yes, anything on the menu. I was thinking about getting the prime rib but she said they had run out of that because they only made a certain amount and the training had been going on all day\n\nStill not believing my good luck I ordered the Filet and Lobster dinner, which would have been $26.99 any other night. The dinner came with a choice of dinner salad or Caesar, and I chose Caesar, a choice of side dishes and I chose fresh vegetables, and honey wheat bread with butter. The bread was fantastic, the Caesar salad was crisp and fresh.  The steak arrived before the lobster, one of the glitches they were working out in training. I took a bite of the steak which was melt in your mouth tender. I held off on eating more so I could include the lobster in my photo.  See my pictures. The filet had a wonderful grilled flavor and was cooked just right, medium rare. It did have a grisly  place on one side.  The lobster was very moist and juicy with excellent flavor and I savored every bite of both. The vegetables might have been a little overcooked, at least for my taste.  I would've expected them to be a little crisper, but they had good flavor.  \n\nI ate all the lobster but had a little piece of steak left over and decided to take my dessert in a to-go box to eat later.   I finished up my Margarita, had a nice conversation with Jen, and even the manager, Anthony, came over to ask if everything was fine.  From him I learned this is the first Longhorn location in Arizona, although they have others that will open soon in the Phoenix area.   San Diego, where I live, is SOL for the time being.   Our loss.\n\nOh, and the Key Lime Pie, which I ate later, was one of the best I ever tasted!\n\nAside from being complimentary, I would have gladly paid the price for this wonderful meal. I hereby give this restaurant the Mother Yelper stamp of approval and hope to get back here soon.  Bon Appetit!\n\nEpilogue:  I went back on the official opening day, Tues, Dec. 11th, for lunch, and one other time before I left town.  The food was just as good both times.