I'm very disappointed. Let me tell you why...\n\nI went to Sinatra early with my friend. We came 15 minutes early. The hostess was out. We talked to her, inquiring when the restaurant would open. It was very clear that we had intentions of dining there. She gave what appeared to be a very fake looking smile. In case, you are wondering, this is the smile where you purse your lips together and pinch your nose at the same time.  I thought it was my imagination-- at first.  \n\nMy friend and I both had reservations at Sinatra. We were there on time and looking at the menu. We noticed at the bottom of the really expensively priced menu that there was a note saying that business casual attire was needed.  Well, since the hostess didn't say anything to us we thought that what we were wearing would be ok.\n\nWhen the restaurant officially opened at 5:30pm, the hostess took down the red rope and let us in. There was a small crowd. There was some guy in a polo shirt with his wife, who happened to be in an evening gown. (I didn't know that qualifies as business casual? Unless his wife is a cocktail waitress...)   \n\nThe hostess let that pair in first. When it got to our turn, she told us to please step aside and into the lounge area. This was basically seats next next to the bar, on what were ornamental aka not weight bearing chairs. We sat in these uncomfortable show-pieces. The hostess indicated that she just needed to 'check on something with the computer'. (OK.) The bar guy offered us expensive drinks. (No.)  Then, she proceeded to congregate 4 managers. Yes, four managers at the podium.  They whispered freverently for like 5-10 minutes. The male one nodded his head while staring at us.  Then, they sent over a different female manager over to talk to us.\n\nI know the female manager was just trying to do her job, but seriously tact training is required. She came over to us and said that she was sorry but \"athletic apparel is not allowed in the restaurant.\"  But \"if you would like to stay, you can eat in the lounge area? We can serve you the regular food out here.\"  (UM. Yeah, right, $100 dollars to be fed pasta on a wobbly table made of glitter & paste. While being treated as second hand citizens-- when polo shirt boy got in?)\n\nI'm sorry but you could have just told us about the attire policy, when we asked about eating there. Instead of congregating 4 managers, making a show of things, and then treating us so condesendingly. \nShe then offered 'suggestions for other places we could eat' at the Wynn.  This was like the final blow! \n\nAfter that, my friend and I politely declined and left.  It soured our taste for spending money in such an uppity place.  After that, I vowed to come on Yelp and warn other foodies!  Seriously, there are much better places all around. Service is half the price you pay for.