Horrible place for soooooo many reasons.  Go to Pure foot spa, further down spring mountain road if you're looking for a good massage in a relaxing environment.  This place has neither the relaxing environment nor the good massage.  This is coming from a new yorker who knows a good reflexology place when she sees one.  This one is definitely not one of them.\n\nEnvironment:\nWhole place smells of Chinese food.  Guess there's not a separate room for staff to eat.  Relaxing music playing in the background, but it is barely audible.  And then there's the loud talking of staff in Chinese.  I understand some conversation happens and is needed, but it should never be loud.  Even the girl massaging me thought it was loud and yelled at the other girls to keep it down.  They ignored her and continued their conversation.  Oh, and when I asked them to call me a taxi afterwards they refused and told me to walk a few blocks to the bus.  \n\nMassage:\nThe girls nails were way too long to give a massage.  They kept digging into my skin.  I had to ask many times to lighten the pressure, she would for a little while, but after a minute or two, went right back to hurting me.  After 20 minutes I had had enough, and cut my one hour session in half.\n\nPayment:\nThey don't like to give change. If the service is 19, and you give them 20, they say thank you.  I literally had to ask for change five times.  They kept saying \"its ok, thank you\" I kept saying, \"no it's not ok, I would like my change.\" I had to sort of follow them to the back room.  Honestly, the dollar itself wasnt a big deal, the principle was.  I wanted my change.  Who does that?  Says thank you when handed more than the service cost, then argues with you about returning the change?  It not like it was the girl's tip, that was separate and already given to the girl. \n\nBottom line:\nDo not visit this place.  I cannot think of a single redeeming quality.  I have been to others both in Vegas and new York, and have never experienced anything quite as awful as this place all around.  Oh and come to find out from folks at the bus stop they sent me too, its in the high prostitution are of Chinatown and is likely just a front.  Awesome, lol.  Maybe, that's why I was treated poorly, not a man looking for a happy ending.