Very bad experience. They used to be be my favorite place until they cut my dogs twice. They never told me. The last cut my dog had was pretty bad. I'm a groomer and I know they did this because they were in a hurry. The front claw of my dog was hanging out. I took it to the vet they have have to amputate the claw. Very nasty thing they did with my dog. If you are professional you supposed to be  more careful in those areas especially the claws, thing skin, fat dogs etc.\n\nMy older dog was with a injured eye. It looks like they have to grab her from the neck so hard. My dog s are really good with grooming. So I don't know what they are doing. I did mention to the front desk lady. I was a customer for 5 years. I was thinking maybe if I mentioned the first accident they going to put more attention with the way they groom. I was very stupid thinking they going to put more attention. But definitely not!!\n\n\nI do not recommend this place .\n\nThe reason I'm saying this is because I see people doing nasty things in the grooming facilities. For that reason dogs are so scared of going to those places. They get treated like junk. My recommendation look for those grooming facilities that doesn't have any walls. Just clear glass. Jessica F maybe you know what happens to dogs when they don't want to cooperate??? ..... you talk to them and say \" \"hay don't move....cutie pie!!! Please I need to groom your body\"\"..... yeah sure!!!!...dogs are dogs !!!!! ... they need to trust in someone.... and there is a way to do it ... going slow and gentle....you know that all groomers don't think in that.... you have to move it fast if not your loosing money.... I was there before I never disrespected a dog just because my employer was pushing me to finished faster....they get money you get money but in the other side the poor dogs pay the price!!!!!! . If you have been in the grooming business for 15 years then you know what I'm talking about. By the way I said before that I was a customer for 5 years , you think they care???  The answer is No, a customer with 3 dogs, with long hair breed.(FYI , I guess you know that if the dog was injured  it's very difficult for the owner to see were is that cut, etc)..... \n\n\n( this comment is for the person who criticized my comment)Please Jessica F stop been a nasty person. Go to church or the doctor please you need help. There is no funny when someone cuts your dog!!!!!! . Very very unpleasant person I don't know if you work there but you don't have the right to judge me. I was a customer and that's it!!!!.  And the reason for not grooming my dogs is not your business. I have kids one with autism. I guess you don't know the word FAMILY. That's right family comes first, specially my autistic son. I still loving my dogs but I have to choose. Working was not a good option for me. You are an animal, because that's the way animals think \"fight \"\".  You are a total disaster. So sorry that your are trying to hurt me but guess what ??? I Learn so much the last years been around  my son, when I see people like you, I just think \"they need help\". It looks like Somebody hurt you and you are trying to do the same thing with me. Good luck with your tiny world. Don't think that you know everything about everyone's life. So next time use your neurons and try to think why I have to take my dogs to the groomer if I am one. Life change every day. It did it for my family 7 years ago. So sorry you have a very ugly thinking. So sad that my son have to deal with people like you one day. The worst part is that the people disrespect this kids without knowing they have a Developmental delay. Lady you need to have more careful.  Ethics remember!!!!!\n\nA note that you need to remember: \n\nDo Yelpers ever get sued for posting negative reviews?\nReviewers are well within their rights to express their opinions and relate their true experiences