Trattoria Nakamura-Ya is nestled in a tiny Chinatown strip mall among superstars such as Raku, Monta Ramen and Japanese Curry Zen.  We were waiting outside for the restaurant to open when the server saw us standing around and unlocked the door. She said we could sit anywhere we liked as she wasn't expecting a lot of business at that particular time of day. At first, we sat a small table for two, since it was just the two of us, but when she returned with our menus, she seemed appalled and had us move to a larger table. \"No, no, no! You don't have to sit at such a small table!\" After we were seated at the larger table, we received the regular menu and the special Happy Hour menu. The menus contained lots of food words we'd never heard of, as we'd pretty much only had sushi. Our server was so friendly and patient answering my many questions. I must have asked about half the menu! In the end, we decided to split an appetizer and entrée. \n\nAfter we ordered, she brought out dinner rolls and butter. Bread and butter at a Japanese restaurant??! Okay, I know. It's Tokyo-style Italian, but we really weren't expecting bread. Way cool! The bread and butter was actually pretty tasty! After we finished our bread, the Mushroom and Jidori Chicken Salad arrived at the table. It was fresh, crisp and a great combination of flavors. The vinaigrette was BOMB. It was complex, yet balanced. Deeeelicious. The Takana and Chicken Spaghetti arrived soon after and it was sitting in an inch of lemony, garlicky chicken broth. Very good and light. The pickled mustard greens were delicious and mild. Several of the jidori chicken pieces had chunks of blubbery fat attached, which was unappetizing, but overall a wonderful dish as the chicken was intensely flavorful. \n\nPerfectly matched prices and portions, as the happy hour prices were fair and the portions were not too large, roughly half the size of an American-style Italian restaurant entrée. Great spot in Chinatown for attentive service from the charming and smiley Tomoyo, well-paced dishes and delicious food.