OK, I do come here very often....\n\nI have read the reviews of many of my Yelper friends and their star rating is 1 or 2 stars for reasons that I agree with dirty, small, hard to maneuver, run down, poor quality produce, smelly and well, you know.....  Thanks Judd L, Misty Y,  David S, Jade W and Tony T, because you all made me put on my \"other \" glasses and to think more clearly about this store and the rating.  Therefore, I am rating it a 3 star for me. \n\nI pretty much need to have a selection of certain products at all times at home, that enable me to cook whoever dishes I want and it is so convenient for me to buy these products here due to my familiarity of the aisles and the set up that I continue to come here about 2-3 times per month to update all my purchases.\n\n1.  Seafood - I don't buy this often, however, they have the fresh tanks with the fish and all actually alive and this is certainly fresh. They will steam or fry your purchased items here, so that also is a great help. 5 Star\n\n2. Produce - I focus on things like Chinese Broccoli, Cilantro, Bean Sprouts, Green Onion, Lotus Root - Most of the time, the produce has been fresh, although there have been times when only old crapola was left, and not cleaned out, so this is quite annoying.  3 Star.\n\n3.  Dry Ingredients - Needing such things as red dates, vermicelli strands from a certain supplier, dried bean curd, dried fig, fungi, all soup herbs, I have to say that they selection here and the ease to find all of this in one aisle is GREAT and really why I come here.  All the ingredients for me are in chinese writing, so I have difficulty to read and locate these, so doing it by memory and recognition is easy and great. Ever try to find chestnut powder to fry chicken instead of flour?  Here it is easy for me to find. 5 Star\n\n4.  Refrigerated bits - I have to say, I am a person of habit. The Kim Chee we like has to be from one supplier and here at Ranch 99 they have it. I have attempted to find this particular supplier at other markets including Greenland and could not locate it. Sorry, creature of habit.  For me to find my favorite, Kim Chee, tofu, lop chueng, fish cake, chow fun noodle, won ton wrapper,in one or two aisle is the perfect solutions.  5 Star\n\n5.  Comfort - The aisles are extremely small, you have rude people pushing carts and parking them anywhere, which makes navigating and moving very poor. The check out lanes run into the shopping aisles, the doors to the store are either a blast furnace  in summer, or an ice chill wind factor in the winter. very uncomfortable and poorly designed.  Everything is crammed into this store. They need a bigger and well organized facility.  1 star.\n\n6.  Meat Products - I have to say finding the pork neck bones, pork chine, bulgogi, ground pork, and all is very good and priced right.  Great pricing, they will cut up the pork for you to smaller cooking size and bag it. Cannot go wrong here with the basic meat needs here.  It is odd that they just use the same saws and prep table for all types of meats, seems that you would have to wipe it all down. In addition, this is asian buying at it's finest, which means no line, no ticket and you just push your way to the front of a clerk and get served.  Chinatown style pushiness.  Due to this, selection is 4 star and the pushiness is 2 star, so overall, I rate this part 3  star.\n\n7.  Toilet - Come on, am I the only one that rates toilets? Guess I am hydrating too much.  When in chinatown plaza, I usually attempt to use the public one by Diamond Bakery in the mall.  However, once in a while I drink way too much water and here the bathroom is behind the plastic door in the warehouse section and really for the workers.  All I have to say is,  poor workers.  I rate this a big ZERO star.  I would be better off watering the trees and plants! Bahh Wahhh,  get a hose for xxxxx sake.\n\nOtherwise, this place is great for me and convenient. Wish they were like the ones in California and have the chinese deli and prepared food section. That would be so cool.\n\nGK says, check it out. (But use the restroom elsewhere)