I am writing this review to let everyone know how racist the new Nazi manager Bennet is. I came in a few days ago looking for wheels for my new truck. I came back because I had bought wheels a few months earlier for my wife's car from Gandhi the assistant manager who treated me with respect and answered every question I had. Any how I came in looking for Gandhi and the first thing I hear is  I am the new manager  she no longer works here she was fired and I am the Manager how can I help you. I said oh ok well I need some 24s for my new truck. He said ok well fill out the app and I'll let you know what you qualify for. I said excuse me I just bought some wheels from Gandhi a few months ago for my wife's car and I only owe about $200 bucks he said oh well sorry you need to pay those off before I can get you some wheels for your truck. I said did you even ask me how I was paying? He said no I figured you wanted to do weekly payments . I told him no I'm actually looking to pay cash. He then smiles and says wow 24's are pricey I want to do what ever your doing. I said excuse me? How do you know what I do for a living and Bennet just laughed it off like it was a joke. Further more a another customer came in and he told me to hold on and he proceeded to help the other customer even though I was there first. He then comes back and says sorry had to take care of that customer first. I just looked at him like are you going to help me? He said sure so he puts the app in front of me again and I said I'm paying  cash and I'm a current customer here.  Why do I need to fill this out again and he tells me look i don't care if you are paying cash or credit you still need to fill out the application then he said if you don't want to fill it out then go somewhere else. At this point I was really upset and I told him why are you being so rude? I am a loyal customer a repeat customer and your going to treat me like that? He then turns around says whatever dude I don't have time for you. I said why cause I'm Mexican? Are you racist or something? He abruptly turns around and says dude what ever if you want the wheels fill out app if not go kick rocks cause I don't have time for this. I'm not sure what's going on here Rent A Wheel but your new racist nazi manager Bennet is a complete jerk and I will never do business with you again as long as you employ an asswhole a like him.