There's a few ways you can look at a restaurant but a review should include all the different perspectives.  \n\nQuality of food:  The food here is good.  Not great (4star) not amazing (5 star) just good.  The steaks were cooked perfectly how you ask and they have a pretty decent rub on them.  They are aged and tender as one would expect from any big name steak house.  They gave us a complimentary selection of pommes frittes which were delectable and the truffled mac and cheese was tasty.  However, not a single one of these items mentioned above was better than a 3.5 star rating.  \n\nYou could argue that my palate cannot discern the difference between the beefs, but I would like to at least think I can tell the difference between a grain fed cow and one that is massaged by the japanese from kobe.  It also could just be that I've had so many steakhouse steaks that an aged piece of prime beef with a generic rub of salt\/pepper just is old hat to me.  \n\nService: The service is very good.  As expected from any high end vegas restaurant, they were very attentive and always served you with a smile.  I was amused with the sommelier we saw opening a bottle of wine.  You see, our table was right next to the small station where they open all the bottles of wine.  One table ordered one with a synthetic wine cork.  I know from experience those things are a B*^%@ to open.  It was comforting to know that a man who drinks and dispenses wine for a living also has problems with said cork.\n\nAmbiance: Dimly lit, contemporary decor, open kitchen with the meat locker right next to it.  The restaurant is a great place for a date.  \n\nPrice: This is where I felt they fall WAY short.  We walked out of there for about 70 to 80 per person.  This included a steak and a side.  The lady got a sirloin steak and i got the ribeye.  If you've been out, you know that the sirloin is the cheaper of the few cuts.  That's why I was surprised that the total bill was pushing over 150.  \n\nDont' get me wrong, the strip steak was great.  The ribeye was good.  But in all honesty, I'd rather go to Ruth's Chris or Flemmings where they have something unique.  The broiled steak with butter.  Quality of the meat MIGHT not be as good but it doesn't fall too far away from that at Stripsteak.\n\nAfter going to Michael Mina's in Bellagio and coming here. I was excited at first but disappointed after leaving.