Came here last night for the very first time thru a friends' high recommendation. Ambience is very nice. The service was absolutely impeccable! Only downside was that the food was very subpar compared to the outrageous prices. Hey, if the food blew me away I have no problem paying $72 for a really good steak and over $150 per person but quite frankly I was NOT IMPRESSED! Furthermore, I got severely sick from their food last night, ruining my birthday and my husbands' birthday and our friends dual bachelor and bachelorette party last night. \n\nMy husband and I started with the Alaskan king crab legs as an appetizer. For $32 for an appetizer, you would expect more than two barely 5\" two crab legs. The first leg my husband and I shared was really good! The second leg which I shared w him, I put a giant mouthful into my mouth and as I swallowed it, I was overwhelmed with the most fishy taste I have ever come across. It was so fishy that I practically felt like puking in my mouth. But I tried to make the most out of it. But after what happened, the entire dinner was basically ruined. I was consumed with nausea which I tried my best to fight off and NOT have it ruin our evening. \n\nSo we told our server (amazing service FYI) and she replaced the crab leg appetizer for another appetizer. We ordered the short rib ravioli and it was absolutely delicious!!! The soft short ribs inside the ravioli was a heavenly explosion in my mouth. Highly recommend this appetizer!\n\nAs my main course, I got the 6oz filet topped w lobster and my husband got the dry aged 14 oz delmonico steak topped w lobster as well, with a side of asparagus. The good thing is you can customize your steak however you want w whatever toppings and side. So the steaks were good. Decent. I ordered mine medium rare which came out medium or well done (which I did not even tell our server) and it was good but pretty dry perhaps due to it being overcooked. I had a bite of my husband's steak dipped in bearnaise sauce. His was actually cooked medium rare like how he wanted. It wasn't dry but didn't taste any of the dry aged flavors like they talk about on their menu. Quite frankly, the food is good but for the price, I was NOT IMPRESSED. \n\nThe rest of my night was ruined because I developed a small case of food poisoning from that rotten super fishy piece of crab leg I ate. I tried my best to tough it out but ultimately ended up cutting the night early to go to my room to throw up and sleep it off. I know it was the crab legs since this was my ONLY meal I had the entire day. So basically my birthday dinner last night was ruined and so were all the other festivities that followed after.