AZ88 defies categorization. \n\nLocation? Total suck. Tucked away behind an obnoxious parking garage in the middle of *shudder* Old Town Scottsdale. Completely and totally inconvenient for Phoenicians who don't want to drive half an hour home sloshed. I know, I'm such a party pooper. Watching the other sloshed drivers run their SUVs with rooftop cargo carriers into the supporting beams is pretty amusing, though. They were Canadian, eh.\n\nAmbiance? Schizophrenic, much like the patrons. Lots of mirrors and sleek lines, but not IKEA modern... try Miami Vice modern. Seating is generally tight and uncomfortable, and it's loud as hell. The bathrooms certainly are infamous, being all unlabeled with semitransparent doors and shit. The individual stalls are completely lined with mirrors so you can admire yourself doing your business from all angles. However, either I've lost ten pounds without realizing it or those mirrors are slimming and elongating, like those circus ones. I'd like one at home, please.\n\nPatrons? Well, I swear to you that every single time I've gone to AZ88, there has been a bachelorette party, resplendent with plastic tiaras and squealing girls in slutty Forever 21 dresses tipsy on champagne.  Next to them, though, is a couple in their 60s who practically have $100 bills oozing from their pores. Endless examples of plastic surgery, good and bad. Gay boys in tight jeans and spray tans with huge martinis, checking their iPhones. College kids. Cougars. Children. Really. It's like an endless parade of absurdity. \n\nDrinks? Now we're talking. You'd think a place this cheesy would have lame watered down foo foo drinks. Au contraire! The drink menu is pages long and chock full of old favorites. Rusty Nail! Brandy Alexander! Bring! It! On! The beer list is manageable but contains obscure favorites such as Chimay (in practically gallon size bottles).\n\nFood? Vegetarians, rejoice. AZ88 has a delicious roasted vegetable plate that is big enough to provide three more meals. If you're feeling a little lacto-ovo, go for the grilled cheese (minus the bacon), stuffed full with thick slices of tomato. Really, it's just an excuse to get my paws on those scrumptious, much-ballyhooed waffle fries. The burgers look incredible and both my dad and SO (two of the pickiest, whiniest people on the planet) love them. The desserts are amazing too. I swear their hot fudge is laced with a hint of cherry. Killer.\n\nService? Pretty damn good, given the circumstances. Our server even scared up some BBQ for my fries, even after telling me they didn't have any. Pretty cool.\n\nSo really? Good drinks, excellent people watching, and goddamn waffle fries? No contest. Now, if we could just relocate a little closer...