Let me first say that the staff was fairly helpful and courteous - they are this locations only saving grace.  My assumption is they do not realize they can get the same pay working in a better environment.  IF YOU DON'T HAVE TIME TO READ MY ENTERTAINING EXPERIENCE... Bottom line is the guy who runs the place is a hothead that approaches his customers with the mindset of  a battle to be won instead of business to be earned.  My suggestion to you is to go somewhere else - other Interstate battery locations or Firestone locations.  My suggestion to the guy is to cut back on the testosterone supplements.\n\nSo here is what happened... My interstate battery would not hold a charge and was just less than a year old with a two year free replacement guarantee.  So I took it in and the attendant greeted me and was helpful.  Apologized for having to test the battery and not just take my word... of course.  Completely reasonable.  He tested it and reaffirmed that it was not good.  He said, \"I'll be back with your free replacement.\" and went into the back to get it.  Sounds right and simple so far.\n\nThis is where things go bad...  This guy walks in the front door - older stocky guy - bald, sweaty, black T-shirt and jeans, kind of intimidating looking - and yells out \"Yo who's next - who's been helped.\"  Nobody said a word - they just looked at the guy puzzled, not knowing who he was or why he was asking our business here.  One of the customers may have wet themselves a little.  I assumed he was one of the many crazies who walks up and down Broadway outside the store.\n\nAs we stare at him making emergency exit plans in our minds, the nice attendant walked in with my battery.  Crazy guy asks nice guy what he was doing so nice guy explained he tested the battery and it was dead - so he was getting me set up with my free replacement.  As soon as he said \"FREE REPLACEMENT\", Crazy's eyes went wild and went on a rant about how the test that Nice Guy did was not adequate and he had to take my battery in the back room to be tested and on a \"super secret extra special tester\".  It was then I realized he was not a Broadway crazy, he was the crooked boss who would refuse to stand behind his product...\n\n25 minutes later he said best he could do 10% off.  I left with my bad batter and went to a different Interstate Dealer.  10 minutes in and out with a test a signature and a free new replacement batter and a renewed warranty,