I decided that I'd take myself out to one upscale restaurant during my stay in Las Vegas, and after some careful research landed on Gordon Ramsay Steak. I think I made a great decision.\n\nThe restaurant itself was full, so I was sat in the bar, where they serve the full menu. As a solo diner, I think this was actually a better place to be: the atmosphere was lively and friendly. My server was attentive and helpful.\n\nI started with a Vesper, the classic James Bond Martini, which was well-balanced and one of the better-mixed cocktails I've ever had. A selection of breads followed, which were all delicious, even if some fell into the all-too-American trap of being too sweet. They were accompanied by \"Devonshire butter\", which made me chuckle, but it was undeniably a delicious way to begin. These were signals: I knew I was in for a treat.\n\nMy appetizer made me cry. Sounds pretentious, I know, but I actually shed a tear. It'd been a very hard year, and this moment of luxury was a catalyst to begin letting go: a single raviolo, filled with ricotta and jamon, and an egg, such that when I cut into it the egg burst and mixed with the ingredients to make a fine sauce. Brown butter, watercress and edible flowers all added delicate notes to the flavor. It was more than the sum of its parts, and I couldn't begin to understand how it had been put together. A surprisingly emotional piece of pasta.\n\nThe steak was ... steak: a high quality piece of meat, perfectly cooked. I followed the advice of reviews I'd read and didn't bother with the sauces, because I knew the meat would stand on its own. (I'd hazard to guess that, had I chosen a sauce, it might have made me cry all over again.) I lingered over it. At some point, I swapped my Vesper for a Drifter, mixed with their own proprietary whisky, which added its own complementary note.\n\nAnd then, sticky toffee pudding. I grew up in Britain, and have had my fair share of these - but this eclipsed them all. The ice cream (more brown butter) perfectly offset the sauce and the pudding, while the pudding itself wasn't cloying or stodgy. This is a miracle for a British pudding.\n\nI didn't want it to end. When it did, and I stumbled through the neon tunnel back into the smoky reality of Paris, Las Vegas, nothing quite seemed the same.