So in my adventures with my dog Charlie we stumbled upon the coolest hotel in Las Vegas that I previously didn't know existed. the LONGHORN CASINO! From outside this place might look like a seedy low budget casino and motel, and I pretty much didn't have a choice since it is one of the few pet friendly affordable hotels in town, but once we've been here for a couple days we realized DIS PLACE IS DA MUTHAFUCKIN SHIZNIT!  First floor easy access to parking, free coffee, free drink, friendly and helpful staff as well as security! They even offered to shuffle me a new 6 deck of cards when I was taking beating at the blackjack table!  Ya know, I went to the strip earlier tonight and realized that those big fake phony flashy casinos are pure fucking vile corporate BULLSHIT that literally piped the worst & most poisonous music to the soul into every corner of their casino including the parking lot, I mean we were there for an hour and i couldn't  wait to get the fuck out and back to my good ole' LONGHORN CASINO!! This place feels like home! now I'm typing this as I am having a nice conversation with the sweet southern lady server with a nice smile at the BOMBEST quaint little coffee shop with a country style down home comfort food vibe!  In my opinion this place is reminiscent of how Las Vegas used to be and how it can be again just like the entire world on every other level (once you get rid of all the corporate douchebag scum!) This place may be a little warn down and rusty, but this is the place I'm happy to call home for the next two weeks on my business trip! I think people should make more of an effort to support\nSmall business like this, that aim to please and are happy doing business with their customers verses evil corporate empires that don't give a single flying fuck about you! But instead, everyone is just looking for something else to complain about when they should be appreciating the good things that they have right in front of them! If places like this don't receive support from their local communities they go away, and that's a bad thing!  #longlivelonghorn