DO NOT BRING YOUR CHILDREN HERE! \n\nMy husband and I visited without the kids yesterday just for some good silly fun because we found a Groupon. Even as adults we were left in absolute shock at the vulgarity and lack of regard to children by this establishment. The music playing was more offensive than anything I've ever heard in a business in my life including most Vegas night clubs. F bombs, racial slurs, sexual themes is not what anyone should be listening to at a mini golf place. Although the place was empty and it was just us the music was very loud and could be heard by anyone walking by and I felt genuinely bad for the parents of the children who wanted to ride the cute animals just outside the door or anyone who might unwittingly walk in with their kids.\n\nWhen we walked in there was a small young girl behind the counter who asked us if we minded that there was music playing. Well gosh the music is an awesome touch! Little did we know what we were in store for. The girl handed us putters that were far too short so with both of us being over 6ft tall we had to request the longer ones. After that the employee disappeared and we had the whole place to ourselves. \n\nWe got to playing and everything was going great. The course is very small with only 9 holes and although it's fairly new we found several things either broken or knocked over such as the guard on the hole on the back wall. It wasn't a huge deal we just repaired what we could and played through. It was a cute time and the underwater theme is adorable. The black light reactive stuff was a bit hard to see because this is in an open front store with all of the sunlight from the mall outside shining in. The wall murals are a little amateur and abstract but still really cute. \n\nThe one part of the place that I didn't get to see was the game room. My husband went and took a peak and said that it was just an old TV and a air hockey machine from Walmart.  \n\nOn our way out we found one of the missing employees outside of the store riding around on a stuffed animal. \n\nOverall... honestly we did have fun but I'm not easily offended. I don't think the owners\/employees of this establishment are mature enough to run a business. I could not believe the disrepair, employees not even inside of the business, and more than anything just the extreme vulgarity of their music. Shocked... honestly shocked.