I used to come here a lot when my family first moved. We went to the pool, I had friends rent out rooms for birthday parties, and we loved to visit Shark Reef. This was one of my favorite hotels, but recently the more I visit it, the worse my experiences seem to be.\n\nTheir *new* parking situation is absolute chaos. It was already hectic trying to get in their parking garage, but now that it's paid parking it's just a nightmare. \n\nI recently visited last Saturday night, and it seemed as though the hotel scheduled at least three different concerts on one night. I wasn't aware of this, and was blindsided when I got to the parking garage and saw employees directing the flow of cars away from the parking garage, and down a side street to Frank Sinatra Blvd. without offering an explanation as to why. (One guy just came up to my car and pointed down the street, and when I told him I couldn't get across because other cars were flying by me, he just kept pointing and yelling.) So, when I reached the entrance on the other side of the building, you can imagine my surprise when they wouldn't let us enter there either. The left hand turn lane wasn't blocked off, so people were making partial turns and then getting stopped in the middle of the road by employees and obstructing traffic. It was so, so dangerous.\n\nWas the parking garage full, on fire, or about to crumble to the ground? I'll never know, because the employees were screaming at cars to \"just leave\" instead of telling us what was happening. (There wasn't even a sign that said \"garage full\" anywhere that I could see, instead it just said \"SELF PARKING - FEES,\" or something like that.) I made a u-turn in the middle of the street, and I ended up parking at Luxor's parking garage - which I imagine a lot of other people did, too - and paid them $5 for the three hours I spent there. At this point I had been driving around for at least 30 minutes having multiple panic attacks as I was redirected every which way down Frank Sinatra Blvd. This parking situation really, really makes me not want to visit Mandalay Bay anymore because it just seems so chaotic. I might check it out in a few months - years? - when, and if, they work out the kinks in the parking system.\n\nTL;DR Parking is a pain in the butt, and the employees don't seem to have the patience to deal with the changes. Even once I was inside I wasn't impressed with the hotel like I normally am, and would've rather spent my time somewhere else.