Bait and Switch.\n\nWe called to ask about window tint because their website doesn't list their prices, and after we told them what we wanted and what kind of car we had, they told us it would be $250 which included a free car wash. Sounded okay, so we made the journey up to NoSco.\n\nWhen we got there, they tried to upsell us on a detailing to get rid of the water spots - well, won't the fucking car wash take care of that or is it extra if we actually want it to be clean? Then we started talking to someone who was more of a manager or whatever and he directed us to a price sheet - 600 bucks for our car. WTF? \n\nI told him they told us something wildly different on the phone and he denied having much to do with that. I let him know I was more upset with the people on the phone than with him - he offered to drop prices a little on what we actually wanted after trying to give us a demonstration on the effectiveness of the tint (we already know, that's why we came all the way out here). \n\nWe were almost going to leave, but he offered to drop his price on the cheap stuff they sell so we went ahead and took it. We still paid a little more than we would have elsewhere for the same thing, but at least we have a warranty now.\n\nThey finished with our car an hour early and ended up charging us extra for the wash which was supposed to be included. Whatever - they did a good job. Time will tell if this stuff holds up - we were happy with what we got... it's better than no tint. \n\nAfter we paid, we went to gas up and their pump kept glitching out on us so we just decided to say \"fuck it\" and get the hell out of dodge. In retrospect, we should've taken a road trip to California and had it done cheaper while on vacation. Also, I think that this place looks too corporate to have to word \"family\" in the name... seems a little misleading. Three stars is a positive review - it's nearly a four. I'm just sour on the price thing and the upselling and the hidden fees and the retarded gas pumps.