If there's one thing Las Vegas loves to do, it is taking great pride in destroying its history.\n\nNew Frontier?  Pah!  Down with it!  Stardust about to hit its 50 year mark?  Not if our wrecking ball takes care of that!  Up yours, Sands!  Adios, Aladdin!  Gotta make way for those ultra posh and sterile museum-like casino\/mall\/condo hybrids!\n\nAs harsh as it sounds, there is some truth to the destruction of all that is old and historic on the Strip.  It's sad to think that so many of these beautiful and lively signs that once lit the Strip up like a Christmas tree are gone.  The Neon Museum, however, is a chance to revisit some old friends.\n\nThe New Frontier letters are there.  The Stardust sign (and a few previous versions) are there.  The old skull and crossbones before Treasure Island became the too hip to say the whole name now \"TI\"?  It's there.  There's a lot more gems from around the Strip found within as well, from casino revisions to little shops that just had unique signs.  All of those flashy neon wonders are housed in in something of a graveyard for wayward retro signs.\n\nBut all is not lost.  During the interesting and informative hour long tour, the guide mentioned that our ticket prices are actually being used to refurbish many of the old signs found in the two huge lots.  In time, a lot of these sites are set to adorn the streets from Freemont to the full museum they have planned, so while the Strip becomes more and more devoid of charm and personality, at least one will be able to drive under the glitz and glamour of some of these old signs.\n\nSo while the boneyard itself is a cool place to visit and get a close look at some old Vegas personality, it's pretty cool to learn that they have something larger in store for all of these great old signs.\n\nI personally had a good time with the tour.  The guide was funny and knowledgeable in answering questions, and while you have to stick with the group, there is some leeway to take some great photos.\n\nAs others have said, some of these restored signs are around the Freemont Street Experience, so check that out, but make sure to set aside some time for the main tour (the site says to book at least a week in advance, so don't expect to just stroll in there and go).\n\nDefinitely worth a look.