Damn, I guess I'm never going to become a fan :-(.  This was my 4th time at a Raising Canes, and I keep trying to like it, but I never do.  Brand new to Surprise, I had to try it.  Meh.\n\nI went through the drive through and was greeted with a \"Yo, yo, yo, we got chicken fingers to go!\".  While I appreciate the \"coolness and hipness\" of the younger generation, I did not laugh or giggle and it caught me a bit by surprise.  Anyways.....I went with a Box Combo which comes with 4 chicken fingers, slaw, toast, fries and a drink.  A little over $8.00.  Here is how it was............\n\nBox Combo-  This is their most popular combo, and I can see why.  $8.00 for a fair amount of food is a decent price.  What is not decent though are the damn chicken fingers.  If that is your signature menu item, and they aren't even good, wtf?  The chicken fingers were a decent sized, moist and cooked properly, but they are B-L-A-N-D!  Ever heard of salt and pepper?  Maybe sprinkle a little bit of that shit on these things?  Maybe?  The fingers also got a little bit greasy\/soggy on the bottoms of them due to the styrofoam container they were in.  Steams them a bit with not a whole lot of place for the heat to escape.  Did I eat them?  Yes.  Did I enjoy them? No.  Friends, coworkers etc always rave about Cane's sauce.  I am not a mayo based sauce fan, so I don't eat theirs.  Maybe that is the ONLY way to make these chicken fingers taste good?  Plain, by themselves, they are meh.  The sauce has to coat that blandness and at least make them somewhat good.  Right?  Sadly, I'll never find out.\n\nThe other items in the box were pretty good.  Hence the 2 stars.  Fries were of the crinkle cut variety and tasted fine. I noticed that those were not salted a lot either.  Do they even have salt and pepper here?  Cole slaw wasn't bad (once again, not a mayo fan) and I had a few bites of it.  The toast was good.  They serve Coke products and use crushed ice which provides a nice icy cold drink.\n\nI think this is probably the last time I am going to Raising Cane's.  If I've been 4 times already and don't like it, I doubt I ever will.  Much prefer Popeye's, Church's or Bush's chicken strips over these...any day of the week!  2 stars.  Exactly what it is.  Meh....I've experienced better!