Seriously. What's not to like about this airport? Have you been to the other one in town? Oh sure, if you love half-mile long lines to get through security, or the complexity and chaotic energy of an ant hill - as intricate as the inside of a watch - or parking as far away as a bird can fly in a lifetime, etc. then you might want to stay away from Mesa Gateway Airport. \n\nGranted, this gem of an airport is a little bit off the beaten path to get here, but if you live in the southeast Valley, this place is tough to beat. And, yes, the airlines that fly out of here are imperfect, but my review is not about them and their $55 one-way tickets to other airports around the Lower 48 (States) that are cut from the same cloth. (I do admit that I don't travel with virtually everything I own, stuffed into bulging-at-the-seams, oversized rolling foot lockers [aka \"suit cases\"], for that weekend trip to Shangri La; nor do I need to know what seat I'll be in more than 24 hours in advance; so I don't get stuck with those additional fees. But let's get back to the airport, which is what this review is supposed to be about in the first place!)  \n\nAnd I'll grant you that this terminal has (as far as I can tell) just two places to eat; even though there's a sign outside that says it all about the simplicity of this terminal: \"Restaurant\"; unlike that other airport that has more restaurants than grains of sand at Huntington Beach. So no, this airport does not have the fancy amenities of the other one, but that's not why many of us travel.\n\nAnd I'll grant you that you have to go outside to get on\/off the plane, but at least there's a shading system (see pics) that lowers the temp outside by 1 3\/4 degrees. But hey, for $55 one way, I can slum it with the best of 'em! And besides, this is actually how people back in the \"olden days\" traveled by plane, so I consider it a history lesson. \n\nAnd obviously, the big drawback to this airport is the convenience factor, now that Spirit airlines is bailing out to Sky Harbor. For example, if you need to get to Chicago, I believe the closest you can get is Rockford, IL. Need to get to Des Moines? Try Cedar Rapids for a change.  Minneapolis? Well, you'll love the autumn leaves in Rochester, MN this time of year; and while you're there, check out the Mayo Clinic! So, as far as I know, this airport will not help you get to many of the big-city destinations, but if, e.g., Missoula, Montana is a familiar stomping grounds for you, then you'll love this airport, and it even comes with trees! \n\nSome of the things that endear me to this airport, besides the trees, worthy of the illustrious 5-star review, is that this place is so clean that even Mr. Clean himself would be proud; this airport is as calm as a placid lake and as whisper-quiet as a butterfly's flapping wings; getting in and out of here with you car is as easy as climbing a fallen tree; and even the economy parking lot ($6 a day) is close by, and it doesn't require a shuttle ride, followed by multiple flights up escalators, followed by a tram ride just to get within a country mile of your car. \n\nYes, I'll take this airport over the other one any day.