This is probably the best Walmart I've been to personally. But with that said it's still bad.\n\nOn one shopping trip the employees decided it was a good idea to inform people after they unloaded all of their groceries on the conveyor belt that EBT was not working. I heard a customer tell the girl at the resister that she should probably tell people in line that EBT was not working and the girl just said \"meh\" and kept the line moving. And of course, having people put the stuff back in the carts after being informed held up the lines. At least on another trip, they were nice enough to announce it over the PA every few minutes.\n\nNothing is ever in stock. The makeup section is awful. You'd think they could send some employees just standing around in aisles doing nothing to go stock. By the way, if you're a customer and you bring your cart into the makeup aisle, please find the nearest Lego and stomp on it. You deserve that. There is hardly any room for bodies to roam in that aisle, let alone your damn cart! Just leave it near the register, no one should take it!\n\nWhen it comes to Walmart, I find that it's not worth getting angry at employees because more than likely you will never see them again. Sometimes it's because of garbage managers, sometimes it's people who don't want to work for their paycheck. \n\nI will defend Walmart employees when it comes to the alcohol thing. I know people hate being carded and sometimes there is a situation where an employee might refuse the sale if all people in the group do not have their ID's. A lot of people don't realize how serious the consequences are for selling alcohol to a miner or allowing a sale to go through for someone who looks drunk\/intoxicated. Sometimes the po-po have nothing better to do and they do alcohol stings with underage people. If an employee falls for one of these stings, they get fired, a court date with fines and possible jail time. It's no joke. Don't hate them, hate the system. \n\nIt's a meh location when it's not full. It's a 10 minute drive from my house so it's convenient. Not much else to say.