Pros: A really great view. \n\nAnd that's it.\n\nWe went as a group of 5 adults for appetizers and drinks. 5pm on a Sunday night, with the place only 25% full inside. \n\nOne of our party ordered one of the specialty martinis, which was recommended by our server. When the order was placed, the server returned to our table to report the bartender said they were out of one of the ingredients. So another recommendation for a different martini was made, and that was ordered as the replacement. A minute later and she's back to report that the bartender is out of one of the ingredients of the second martini ordered. I think ultimately a glass of wine was what this person had. \n\nThe appetizers are sub-par by the standards of a church social potluck. Their total mediocrity wasn't helped by the fact they required a ridiculous amount of time to appear from the time they were ordered--remember, we are one of only two or three active tables inside the bar area at this time. \n\nI am pretty sure our server was high. I don't mean this as a joke--she had no attention span, no sense of urgency, and a complete inability to follow an order through to completion. I had to leave the table after waiting 20 minutes to find someone who could provide me with a Diet Coke that had been ordered. No apology, no sense of duty to serve the table. \n\nIf you absolutely must go for the view, my suggestion is to limit your drink requirements to bottled beer. The price is lower than the mixed drinks, and because the bar staff apparently doesn't think it is important to keep the key ingredients on hand for an evening of serving drinks, there is low probability you'll get served your first request for a mixed drink--or even your second. Stick to the beer, which they are less likely to screw up. \n\nIf for any reason you think I am being a dick about this, I do invite you to read the other reviews and see how often this restaurant and bar are called out for (A) slow, poor service, and (B) mediocre food. If I owned this dump and saw the negative reviews piling up as they are here, I would close for a week, fire everyone, and start over. Judging from the number of months the same complaints have been made, I don't think ownership is concerned about the guest experience, since they will continue to receive a steady stream of new customers because of the view--the one thing Fahrenheit hasn't screwed up. \n\nYet.