This is the BEST steakhouse off the strip.  And even with that, Echo & Rig has SO much more going for it!\n\nI came here with a 8 adults and 4 kids for my wife's birthday dinner on a very busy Saturday night.  Even though they normally don't take reservations, the manager I spoke with on the phone the day before (Cheryl) was very helpful as I had my eye on the big long striped wooden table that was pictured on their site and they saved it for us.  We arrived a few minutes before and were treated to passed hors d'oeuvres of their homemade salami and smoked chicken.  Yum freakin yum.\n\nWith so many small plates offered, Echo & Rig is meant for groups so everything can be shared.  We split 3 salads and they all threw curveballs to the palate.  The kale salad with yellow beets, toasted hazelnuts and goat cheese was really nice.  Their \"over the rainbow salad\" was an explosion of flavor featuring farro, quinoa, red, yellow & orange bell peppers, corn, red onion, asparagus, cherry tomatoes, almonds, herbs & Champagne vinaigrette.  That's a vegetarian's dream right there.  And the fried spinach salad with red onion, cauliflower, broccoli was fantastic with the chile-lime vinaigrette was probably my favorite of them all.  The crispness of the spinach combined with the heat from the dressing was quite a combination.  \n\nWe ordered a bunch of small plates and the standouts for me were the cauliflower with chili de Arbol, crispy shallots and onions and the roasted garlic mashed potatoes with sharp white cheddar but the description didn't do that justice.  It was almost like a super hash brown with a really nice dijon sauce.  I was also able to sample the burnt peas, pumpkin squash, grilled thick cut bacon with bbq sauce (no sauce needed), butcher's sausage and mac and cheese.  All of them were solid options and everything was devoured by the group.  \n\nI got the \"Spencer Steak\" which was one of the 3 ribeye cuts offered.  Each steak comes with a complimentary sauce and I went with charred onion but sauce just isn't necessary when the meat is awesome.  My medium rare cut was closer to rare but it was probably better that way.  It was everything you wanted in a steak...tender, juicy and flavorful.  My wife's rare filet mignon was cooked perfectly and just got better bite after bite.\n\nThen there's the freakin value of it all!!  The priciest entree is only $35!  NO corkage fee (we brought 3 bottles), NO cake fee (got a cake from Patisserie Manon) and they lit the candles and brought it out.  The total bill for 8 adults and 4 kids came out to what 2 people would spend at Carnevino.  Total Wine and More is just across the way in Boca Park so pick something up there.  \n\nI cannot wait to come back since there are so many other dishes I must try like bone marrow carne asada and Hawaiian cowboy.  I also can't wait for them to bust out their brunch and late night menus.  They also have tables set up on a balcony overlooking the Tivoli Village fountain which would make for a terrific date night.   \n\nThe staff was top notch from beginning to end and the experience here wouldn't have been as wonderful as it was without their great work.  They earned their tips and then some! I'm ready to go back for lunch.  \n\nSay hi to the pig heads outside!!