3.5 stars for this great neighbourhood brewery.  Service here is just what you want in a beer hall.  Friendly and really educated about the beers they make.  Their beer offering looks really inventive and creative... just unfortunate they sold out most we wanted.  Even though, the ones leftover didn't suit my tastebuds doesnt mean you won't fall in love with their offering.  Try their sample size and learn about the different varieties and flavours Rorschach can create.\n\n I honestly like Rorschach Brewing Company and would recommend any beer lover who is trying out microbreweries in Toronto to give this place a spot on your 'must visit' list.  The place is just south of one of the main roads in the Leslieville.  It's a converted house with a GREAT rooftop patio.  It has the right amount of shade and sun to keep you relaxed and happy up there.  The gentle breeze comes through and they have good classic rock playing... it's a bit retro but it can keep most people thumping on the table.  I also like Rorschach because they have a full kitchen and it's not just snacks.  \n\nI'm new to the beer game and so my tastebuds veer towards the lighter and less bitter.  Yeah... I'm that person but to be fair, I just started to sip beers a few months ago.  I can definitely appreciate a darker beer done well... I may not be able to handle more than a few sips but one of the stouts we tried was definitely one of the better stouts I've had.  The original beer list here is huge and varied... it's at least over 5 pages worthwhile reading.  What I found on a Saturday, that I'm not the only one in Toronto that likes the lighter beers or ones with a citrus or fruit spin on it.  Most of the beers I saw online were crossed out sadly.  BUT I will say for those who love a good dark beer, there is tons for you to try.  \n\nAs I mentioned, service here is very good.  I know which beers I like and sometimes a microbrewery can go far into the deep end with their descriptions.  When you have a great encyclopedia of beers to choose from, help is really appreciated.  Our server was helpful because she guided us to the remaining beers that would be interesting to us... also offering a tiny taste to ones we were sure about before ordering a flight. Prices here are very good to try before investing in a full glass.  To me, part of the fun in visiting a brewery is trying new things.\n\nSynchronicity - Their description was really accurate.  This is a light saison brewed with blood orange oolong tea and I could taste a dominant citrus note with a medium bitter black tea with a hint of really floral honey in the back.  I thought this was really interesting take on beer and liked trying it.  It did also have a moderate bitterness and touch of the astringency that I've come to know some teas have.  Not my preference but I liked trying it and think the brew masters have creative ideas.  3.5\/5  \n\nGod Complex - Another saison but with a kick of 9.5% alcohol.  I think my taste buds broke on this one.  They explain it with as spiced, candied orange, floral, and hint of banana.  I ... couldnt taste any of that.  I found the flavour profile really subtle of the 4 we tried.  I'm going to sound like a completely unseasoned drinker (which is not untrue) ... but it was light tasting with a hint of sweetness.  That's it.  Just light dry beer.  Yeah... my tastebuds didnt work here.  3.5\/5\n\nTruth Serum - This one was really interesting.  Double dry hopped and with oats, this supposedly had mango, passionfruit, mandarin, and grapefruit notes.  I do have to agree, it has a tropical fruit spin to it... but the first hits you as pineapple sweet and then quickly goes into more of a traditional beer bitterness.  For those who thinking new IPAs are like juice, this could be your gateway drug .. uh drink to liking the newer offerings.  I guess this would be my first step in appreciating more of the traditional flavours of beer.  3.5\/5\n\nHawaiian Stout - I love coffee (if you havent noticed my reviews) and when I saw Rorschach had a whole page of these coffee stouts, I was impressed.  When I sipped this, I can fully appreciate how they nicely blended two flavours that most people would question.  I personally liked it... I couldn't do more of a few sips but I like how the beer had an opening like a cold brew.   Pronounced smooth coffee notes going into a traditional moderated bitterness.  I found this less bitter than Truth Serum.   3.5\/5  \n\nSo I do have to knock the rating down from a 4 because unfortunately pretty much all the beers I wanted to try were sold out (Latent construct, Systematic Desensitization, Hedonism, ...).  I can understand limited edition ones are 'first come first serve' so I dont think thats them being unprepared.  It's unfortunate to find so many stamped out for the Saturday.  I'm hoping they do come out with more sour or saison for me to try... I'd be willing to come back and see what they offer.