Presby had its annual free holiday lunch yesterday, and I partook.  I don't like to look a gift horse in the mouth, but it reminded me of why I refuse to spend money on the swill served here.  Trust me when I say that you don't need to have dietary restrictions to realize that the food served here is piss poor, even by cafeteria standards.\n\nAs I filed through the lunch line, I was asked if I'd like a stuffed pot-pie style chicken breast, and I assented.  Seeing ham with pineapple, I went to get a slice, but was told that I could only have one entree.  Um, okay, but perhaps I could have been asked if I wanted chicken, ham, or eggplant, instead of simply being asked if I wanted chicken.  Anyway, going down the line, I was offered white rice and cooked baby carrots, which I accepted.  The salads, which I encountered next, looked rather wilted, but I took one anyway, since I wanted some greens with my meal.  After that, I took a dinner roll and butter, dipped myself some eggnog, and took two pastries.\n\nDoesn't free food always taste best, you ask?  Well, that adage certainly didn't apply here, since this food was no better than the usual offerings.  If I had to describe the taste in a word, \"bland\" would be the one that I choose.  Even so, I ate all of it except for the wilted salad, since it was, indeed, free.  The best part of the meal was the eggnog, which I'm sure was straight out of a jug, but was nevertheless more flavorful than even the pastries.\n\nI appreciate Presby's effort to get into the holiday spirit--really, I do.  However, their execution needs work.  For example, not pre-dressing the salads would avoid the wilting problem--which, by the way, was present at last year's holiday meal as well.  While I'm tempted to give them two stars for effort, I'm going with my original assessment of one due to the their use of all styrofoam containers, which shows no concern for the environment.  Considered in conjunction with the lackluster lunch options at other nearby eateries, the poor quality of food at the Presby cafeteria motivates me to pack my lunch every day and save my money for better culinary uses.