Sweet Jesuit Priest do I ever love meat. I mean, I really love it. Eating the flesh of animals is my thing. Steaks, burgers, pork, chicken, emu, lobster, kangaroo, I don't care. I'll eat anything that used to breathe more often than not.\n\nBut every now and then I stow my carnivorous German roots away and decide to eat something that didn't once have a face. I've been to the Coup (and the next door adjacent lounge, \"Meet\") a few times now and I've never been disappointed.\n\nSee, as someone who is in love with meat (the thought of Lady Gaga's meat dress inspires such overwhelming emotions I can scarce put them to words), it's easy to give vegetarian\/vegan places a bad rap.\n\nBut this place is great and aside from the prices of their drinks and the smaller portions of their appetizers, it's pretty much the best place in the city for vegetarian and vegan dishes. \n\nThe restaurant is small, so you may want to think about hitting it before or after the rush. Decor is funky, but I don't really go to a restaurant to stare at the decorations, so I'll just leave that one there. The ambience is sort of pretentious, but that's a-okay with me. There's usually a DJ with a hilarious mustache spinning some sort of ambient jazz or something. I appreciate his efforts to set a good mood for the violent consumption of bean sprouts.\n\nNow: When you read the menu, there are going to be words on there you don't understand and vegetables you've never even heard of. DON'T PANIC. Just order something.\n\nI've had sandwiches, salads, breakfast, lunch and dinner here - I've always enjoyed how flavorful the dishes are and how professional the presentation is. Even as someone who normally gorges themselves on delicious animals, I've got to say - well done, Coup. You've made a diet associated with being an enormous hippy-tree-hugger extremely attractive to me.\n\nI usually wash down my uber-healthy meals with a Clockwork Orange. I can't even remember what's in it, but it tastes like rays of sunshine. \n\nIf you've got friends who unfortunately don't see the merits in chomping on a steak, I'd recommend swinging by this place. Just have a thick wallet and an open mind.