It says something about Heart Sushi that I couldn't even remember the name for the restaurant until I ran across the business page from a friend's profile, and realized I had been there three months ago. That's how bland and unmemorable the experience was.\n\nI came here in February of this year with two friends on a lark because of the recommendation of a mutual friend. Although the food was decent, the service was horrible and left a bad impression on our group, to the point that they swore off going there again.\n\nThe best, and most interesting, part of the experience was being able to choose your orders through an IPad. Everything on the menu is laid out fairly clearly, and you don't have to fuss over making a wrong choice when you can easily add or subtract items.\n\nMy group attended at 8:00 PM on a Saturday evening. The ambience was quite nice, and the booths had a real insular feel to them. I started off the evening by getting a drink and figuring out what we all wanted.\n\nWe waited half an hour after our initial order to get our first batch of food (mixed sashimi, handrolls, salmon rolls), and the service just got worse and worse from there. After a certain point, our server took the IPad with her when she left, and we had to verbally give our dessert order to another server. It took another 45 minutes after that (and flagging down multiple servers) to finally get them to deliver mango shots, which was entirely absurd.\n\nThe worst part of the night was getting the bill. We were getting the sense that they were trying to rush us and another handful of customers out as quickly as possible, as one woman explained to us that they were closing up. At 9:45 p.m. On a Saturday. While the Nando's next door is still hopping and they're in one of the biggest districts in Mississauga. We even saw waitresses milling around, getting their coats on and talking to each other as we were finishing. It left a sour taste in everyone's mouth, and I told my friends not to leave a tip for the generally terrible service.\n\nI think a lot of the high-starred reviews are from people who generally haven't eaten at a lot of AYCE restaurants. What we received was decent, but not worth the $30 and tax. I'd be better off going down to the Mandarin at Erin Mills and paying the same price for sushi and scores of other menu options. At least there, I don't feel like a number on a dial while they're trying to rush us out as quickly as possible.\n\nI was planning to give the restaurant 3 stars because of the food and ambience, but downgraded it a star for the poor service. My only hope is that the AYCE sushi subindustry explodes and we get more choices here in Mississauga over the next few years.