Lifetime Fitness, I curse you for life!\n\nUnfortunately, I never started working out until three years ago and only did so, because of health reasons.  Even more unfortunate, I ended up here.  Why \"unfortunate\"?  Because every gym I visit when out of town is measured against Lifetime Fitness and all of them fail miserably.  To work out here is to be spoiled and you don't appreciate that until you are stuck in a \"lesser\" gym.\n\nFirst, let's be fair:  Lifetime is not a gym; it's a mall:  the only thing missing is Baskin 'n Robbins and if they could find a way to make it reasonably healthy, they'd probably install that in here, too. \n\nThe staff is a mixed bag:  management is, sad to say, fairly useless and many times worse than useless, getting in your way, when the best thing to do would be to crawl in a corner and recite company rules to themselves.  Like the military, it's the junior staff which runs the place and not management, which seems to be mostly interested in making sales, harassing trainers to harass you to sell training sessions and apparently having endless meetings with each other trying to figure out how best to oversell space in the hopes most of them will just not come back after a few weeks.\n\nThe many kids and younger people, who no doubt will move on to bigger and better things, are what make this place run as smoothly as possible and they bust their humps to do it.  Thankfully, management only goes schizo now and again and, for the most part, the trainers aren't pushing you to buy their services ... for the most part.  Some trainers are incredible and will gladly give advice when asked, even though it won't yield them a cent and they're under a lot of pressure to bring in clients.  Some trainers, on the other hand, would be best to try their talents as drill sergeants or something perhaps a bit more sensitive ... like working for a collection agency or bounty hunter.\n\nThe machines are mostly new; some do break down, but this is to be expected from the huge amount of usage they go through and the abuse they take  (advice to the more insecure among you out there:  lifting weights with grunts and then dropping them from 6 feet up does not make you a \"man\"; a man treats other people's equipment with respect and realizes they're not the only ones using it.  We won't even bother to talk about cleaning up after yourself.  Apparently, many of you think maid service is included in your membership dues).\n\nThe outdoor pool is huge and usually clean; unfortunately, also usually very crowded.  The indoor pool is OK, but usually as cold as my freezer  (and do we REALLY have to use so much chlorine, that you choke upon entering the room?).\n\nLocker rooms are nice with their own locks and lots of room; the showers and steam rooms can be very clean, can be very dirty  (the latter especially so on weekends and late at night).\n\nMost of the people who go there are cliquish or seem to fear looking you in the eye for fear that might mean you'll rape them in the showers.  I don't know.  Luckily, the staff makes up for the lack of friendliness among most of your fellow gym-goers.