I love tea. Teavana sells tea. This should be my favorite store, and have a five star review from me, right? Wrong. I do really enjoy most of Teavana's teas but I hesitate to give them a five (or even four) star review due to their often pushy sales tactics and price. I get that tea is a luxury, and I am not shocked to come across a place where I can easily drop $150 on a teeny bag in Beachwood Place. \n\nThe teas that are found at Teavana are lovely - the majority that I've tried taste good and are visually appealing. They also smell great. When you want to try a tea, the associates will open the large round canister and show you the gorgeous stuff, and then ask you to sniff. They also have samples. The downside is that most of the samples are pre-sweetened (and thus too sweet for me, most of the time) and also they tend to do \"blends\" -so if you like Sample X, it's not just that $4.00 tea, but a mix of that and a more expensive one. Also, as other reviewers have pointed out, they start by selling at 2 ounces. Why not let you buy a smaller amount if you want it? When I stopped in today, they said that they can only sell in 2 oz increments, but that's not true because they sold me 3 oz of one. I also agree with Habby that it's damn near impossible to have someone sell you the amount you want. I wanted 2 oz of 2 separate teas.. and yet ended up with 3 oz of one and 3.5 of another, and that was AFTER I kept asking them to take some out. They do have some teas that won't make you empty out your hypothetical child's college fund just to have some tea - take a peek at their web site or peruse their little catalog for prices (or check out a place like Adagio online).\n\nOn my most recent visit, it was like pulling teeth to convince the sale person that no, I REALLY did not want nor need a tin. I have plenty of tins at home, and I get that they have sales goals. I feel for retail work - been there, done that. But repeatedly trying to tell me how my tea won't last if I don't use their special tins (and then I explain that nothing has changed from two minutes ago and I still happen to have tins at home just waiting for the tea) doesn't help and makes me debate leaving without any tea. I do agree that tea will last longer if you keep it in a tin (or an air tight bag at the very least), but also, I tend to go through tea quick enough that I'd probably be just fine. when I (yet again) politely say no thank you to a tin, sighing deeply and going, \"well, it's YOUR tea... I guess....\" is just ridiculous. \n\nAnd despite my complaints I know I'll be back.