Brookpark Skateland is fun for all ages and all walks of life.  It's like your foreign grandmothers assorted candy dish, there is a variety of flavor for anyone who sticks their hand in it.  When you first enter the establishment, you are initially enticed by the retro decor, such as the dual disco-balls, the 1970's wood paneling and wood floor.  The price is affordable if you get there at a reasonable start time - don't show up late!  You will not get a discount.  I recommend renting their retro inline skates, they fit really well and they go up past the ankle.  \n\nIf you enter the gift shop, you can choose from a variety of flashing light pacifiers, glow in the dark necklaces, and you can also buy a Brookpark Skateland Patch to affix to your Members Only jacket.\n\nAlthough everything else is top notch, Brookpark Skateland is definitely not a place to get a Friday night dinner - as they only have basic concession stand foods - unless you want to fill up on a few feet of candy rope semi-sweet licorice.  Be advised you might need to go to an orthodontist afterwards.  If the candy rope isn't damaging enough, you can always settle for the \"perfect treat\" for the rink - the 1\" diameter jawbreaker.\n\nWhen it comes to finally entering the skating rink, the gentlemen are not lacking.  You'll be greeted by regulars who want to help you perfect your flea hopping and backwards skate.  My sister was politely asked by gentlemen, on multiple occasions, if she would accept their hand at couple's skate -- usually when the song happens to be \"Purple Rain\" by Prince during a Retro Night.  That being said, retro night is the best night to go, since that's when you'll be sucked into a 1970's vortex of classic roller skating fun.  On rink retro night events include (on average), 3 opportunites to couple skate, 1 backwards skate, 1 topsy turvy trios, 1 flea hopping\/advanced skate, and 1 reverse direction skate.  The night usually closes with a grand finale by playing the song \"You Dropped a Bomb On Me\" by The Gap Band as people make a train formation and go \"WEEEEOOOOOOOOO\".\n\nIf retro night isn't your flavor, perhaps one of the LIVE organ nights is.  This event usually includes free coffee and is for the more \"classic\" and \"elegant\" skaters.  It's definitely much more toned down compared to retro night, and it's also less of a free skate.  It's an ideal time to bring an older individual who is just learning how to skate, because the disco lights are usually not on-- instead the fluorescent lights are-- and there are far fewer people on the floor.  Conversely, this would not be a time to bring your 6-year old with the grinding plastic Fischer Price skates.  If you are planning to go to organ night, be sure to get there in time to experience a rendition of Lady Gaga's \"Poker Face\" on the organ.  You will then get to see a procession of glittery senior citizens in a train formation doing a sort of a \"Rockette's\" style leg kicking.\n\nConclusively, ALL OF THIS MAKES BROOKPARK SKATELAND DESERVE FIVE STARS.