I've stayed at the Biltmore twice, once was a five star experience, and the other was about a three, so I'll split the difference and give them a four. \n\nThe first time I stayed here was in a super cute cottage. We had fabulous service from everyone. The only complaint I had with this trip was that housekeeping knocked at 9 AM (which they did on my second trip too). I realize nine is not ungodly, but it's a little early to be hustled out of your room so someone can make your bed, that you would have never left if you didn't have to stop the persistent knocking from the other side of the door. So that sucked. But besides that it was a great experience.\n\nThis last time was okay. We got a great deal on the room and they let us check in super early, which was awesome. The air wasn't working when we first got to the room, but I'll let them off the hook for that because they quickly fixed it and the room was cool before the 4:00 check-in time, so for all I know that was their plan the whole time. My boyfriend spent the morning golfing and even though it was miserably hot,  had a great time. The bartenders at the pool were nice enough, and we were pretty obnoxious, so nice enough is pretty much all we could hope for.\n\nOne of the sinks in the bathroom didn't drain and the cosmetic mirror in the bathroom was broken (not the mirror the little thing that kept it stable in the wall), so that was a minor inconvenience that I wouldn't normally expect from resorts of this caliber.\n\nWe also got a couple in room massages, which were great, but then due to a misunderstanding with the credit cards on file (I used mine for the room, my boyfriend used his for the massages), I got charged for both the room AND the massages. And, god bless my boyfriend, but I really can't rationalize spending $400 on a couple 55 minute backrubs unless that back rub comes with, say, an iPod. I called Biltmore and they said they could reverse the charges and put them on another card, but it might be easier to just ask him for the cash. So he paid me back but I obviously wish I could have avoided it all together. I mean, that's awkward right? To have someone do a nice gesture for you and then you end up accidentally paying for the nice gesture so you have to awkwardly bring up that while the gesture was nice, you kind of can't pay for it and omg I already feel like I'm on an episode of Curb Your Enthusiasm so I'll just stop right there and hope you get the point. It was very stressful for me.\n\nAssuming you don't share my social etiquette neurosis, I'm sure you'll have a great  time at the Biltmore. The summer rates are unbeatable, and if you can stay at a Cottage do so because they are just adorable, especially by the little putt putt holes. Just make sure to double check your room upon check in and double check your folio upon check out and you'll be fine.