Do not be swayed by the dingy office park that this place is located in or the fact that it looks like a redecorated Ponderosa Steak House.  This place was the ONLY place in the valley that could meet my stringent 4-point criteria for fajita perfection.\n\n1) Tortillas must be freshly made in house and of the thick and chewy variety.  CHECK!  As much as I love me a paper thin authentic tortilla to sop up posole or machaca, when it comes to fajitas, I need what I have now learned are sometimes dubbed Texas tortillas that are pillowy, warm and slightly chewy.  Fajitas makes them with skill.  Love.\n\n2) The chicken or steak should be grilled, preferably over mesquite.  CHECK!  Charred goodness awaits you, and those guys behind the grill are masters of their craft.\n\n3) Steak should be able to be ordered medium rare or rare.  CHECK!  Although you can't specify the temperature of the meat, if you order the Cadillac Fajitas made of beef tenderloin, they come out blissfully mooing in the center.  Heaven.\n\n4) Vegetables should be limited to peppers and onions.  No broccoli, mushrooms, squash, whatever, unless you are ordering vegetarian fajitas.  CHECK!  Ok, I know this is nitpicky, but I don't want my meat, pepper and onion experience to be sullied with broccoli.\n\nAdditionally, if you like shrimp, ORDER THE SHRIMP FAJITAS.  I don't know what they marinate them in or how they cook them, but those babies are like crack.  Pure, unadulterated crack.  Other bonuses - the portions are huge without sacrificing quality, making the whole experience a killer value.  You literally get a raft of guacamole, pico de gallo, sour cream and cheese to top your fajitas, making a half pound portion plenty to share.  Or don't share and take home the leftovers.  Chips and salsa are yummy, taking up far too much fajita space in your stomach before you eat, the yellow rice is fluffy and delicious, and though the beans are forgettable, the margarita is potent enough to keep you happy regardless.\n\nWe found this place in a moment of frustration at the fact that we couldn't locate the perfect fajitas in the Valley.  So what do we do?  We Yelp \"best fajitas in phoenix\" and get (duh!) a restaurant called Fajitas.  If it were a snake, it would've bit us.  We still make the trip to Glendale just to feast at this place and swear to play a round of putt-putt at Castles and Coasters afterwards to walk off the excessive fullness.  Alas, most of the time, we just drive home, happy nonetheless.