One of my Uncles got a free hotel room here and gave it to me since he had to go back to CA and wouldn't be able to use the room. I was pretty excited since it's such a new hotel and I haven't stayed in it yet.\n\nNeedless to say, I didn't end up staying the night here because I wasn't in the mood to drive to the strip that night. However, I did drive over to the hotel at 7am, so i had until 12pm to checkout. I had my boyfriend meet me there, so we could have breakfast before he went to work at 8am, but that didn't end up happening because we passed out on the comfy bed. It must've been very comfortable because we ended up sleeping through our phone alarms and waking up at 8:15am (15 minutes after he was suppose to be at work). He actually woke up right before me and said, \"okay, I gotta get ready\" and I said, \"well you better hurry, it's 8:15.\" Then he literally jumped out of the bed like a kangaroo on crack and was ready within 30 seconds. \n\nAfter he ran out of the room, I went back to sleep for about an hour on the marshmallow-like bed. I really like that the curtain covers up the entire window because it keeps the room cool and it almost looks like nighttime when the whole thing is blocked off. \n\nWhen I woke up around 9:30, I decided to relax and take a bath in the awesome tub. I was in the tub for about 5 minutes and I was completely under the water when I heard a knock at the door. Since my whole head was underwater, I wasn't sure if it was actually at my door, so I sat up and listened. That's when I heard another knock at the door, but this time the door was unlocked and OPENED at the same time as the knock! WTF! I didn't want to jump out of the bathtub and run over to the door all naked, so I just kind of hid myself behind the wall of the bathtub and yelled, I'M IN HERE!\" and the lady was like, \"Oh, I'm sorry, I'll come back later\" and she closed the door behind her.  I understand that I didn't have the \"do not disturb\" sign up, but still, that doesn't mean I should be busted in on more than TWO HOURS before checkout time.\n\nI was pretty pissed after the incident, so I just got all of my stuff together and headed out after trying to checkout through the tv, which was not working at the time. \n\nTo sum it all up, I've definitely experienced better, which is why I'm giving Aria 2 stars. The only things I really liked about this place were the bed and the beautiful view from the hotel room. Other than that, the ambiance and decor of the place is pretty \"blah,\" the towels are like worn out sandpaper, the tv checkout service wasn't even working, and I was almost violated by a housekeeper.