Tell yourself it's all about the antioxidants if you have to, but make haste to get here and sate your hunger for all sweet things matcha at Tsujiri. This pretty, small café has an area in the back made to resemble a tea room, and those lucky enough to snag seating there don't seem to want to give it up. The other seating, small tables and chairs that don't seem to be built for those who regularly indulge in ice cream and matcha desserts, seem just as hard to get. This clean café has an airy feel, due to the lighting and blond wood and the simplistic designs of the décor. Like everyone who comes here, you'll want to linger if you can. But if you can't, no matter, the ice cream and desserts are perfectly portable, and won't last long anyway. I was quite fortunate that on the two days I stopped by, the lines were short at the times I came by.\n\nBestie and I passed Tsujiri one night after dinner at the nearby Wah Too and we were already waddling; so when I went back to the hotel, I Yelped it.  And my fellow Yelpers were spot on. There was good, strong matcha flavor evident in every creamy lick of the cone I got the following day. The waffle cone they served it in seemed homemade and was crispy and like the ice cream, had just the proper level of sweetness, which was not too much!. The ice cream was so memorable, I sneaked out of the Eaton Centre Mall while Bestie was busy shopping the next day, and zipped over on the streetcar, devoured their superb Houjicha soft serve, and zipped back before by our meet deadline. Another winner was the verdict, and if I didn't need to restrict my sweet intake, I would have tried another matcha soft serve just to compare!  There subtle flavor of the roasted leaves shine and in a competition, I would be hard pressed to decide between the matcha or the roasted match. I didn't check if Tsujiri offered double cones, but if they didn't , they should! Tsujiri does do matcha desserts, including matcha cheesecake and macarons, along with matcha drinks. Judging by two tries of their soft serve,Tsujiri  probably does an exemplary job in all categories. The service and the interior here will please you, the quality of the soft serve will wow you.