I had finished my alarm contract with my previous company and wanted to switch to a locally based company, so in March of 2015 I contacted Guardian.  When the sales person came to my home I explained I had a dog which she saw when she was at the house.  The sales rep told me the motion sensors would not pick up anything under 100 pounds so, my 30 pound dog would clearly not be an issue.  I also asked the rep what would happen if my power would go out since the system was hooked up to my phone line.  She assured me I would not have an issue because there is \"battery back up\". On the day of installation the tech set up 2 motion detectors and 2 door sensors and a glass break.  The glass break is quite odd looking and sticks out so I asked if it could be put somewhere inconspicuous, the tech put it behind a shelving unit in my living room.  Since I have had this alarm service the alarm has gone off several times, once at 3 am.  Each time because of the motion detector.  Each time I have had a tech come out blaming the issue on a variety of excuses 1.  your dog must be 80 pounds (i have a beagle jack Russell mix.. its impossible for her to be that big she would not be able to move) 2. its a faulty motion detector 3. The sensitivity is set to high  4. They are in the wrong place.  Each time I have had to leave work, the police have shown up and not to mention that 3AM alarm had me so frazzled that I accidentally hit panic and 3 sets of police came lights blazing.This past week the alarm went off twice again, again police were called and I was livid.  When I contacted Guardian I was first connected with Technical Manager Greg who said he was so sorry about all the issues and assured me  he would send a Supervisor of the Cleveland technical team over Tuesday the 19th to fix everything.. Tuesday arrived and at 5:30 I opened my door to a regular tech. no supervisor.. Deception #1 Andy the tech was awesome and the only good thing I can say about this company.  He was pretty shocked when he looked at my set up.  He first explained that the motion detectors shouldn't pick up under 80 pounds not 100 (Deception # 2) remember I was told 100 pounds.  He also explained that although  they say that, if the motion detector is pointing at the steps and a dog comes down it's going to pick up the movement no matter what the weight.  He then asked where my glass break was.  When i showed him he was shocked and said it would never work behind the shelving unit because the sound would be muffled (Deception #4) We then made our way to the keypad.  He asked if the system was wired through my phone line which is through the cable and I said yes, in the middle of conversation, he explained that if I lose power I do have battery back up but, because i don't have a phone the system can't communicate with main hub so they can't dispatch police or fire so alarm system basically is worthless (Deception #5).   Andy then removed the  2 motion sensors which now left more holes in the wall since they were moved before by another tech.  Moved my glass break, so it actually will work  and put up 3 window sensors.  As you can imagine I was so mad, I thought my head was going to spin.  Not only was I paying for service that wasn't installed right but, I had had techs out at least 4 other times in the last year and not one said a word about the system being set up wrong.  The next day I called Greg, the one who promised me a supervisor, he wasn't in so I contacted Ken in the Cleveland office and explained the whole story.  First I got, oh I wasn't given the message about a supervisor coming out (Excuse #1) Then I got well you must have put the shelving unit in front of the glass break after it was installed (Excuse #2)  This is the best part, when I told him about the losing power.  His reply was text book  \"there is battery back up\" of course I called him out on the inability to communication with police and fire if there was no power and he had nothing to say.  He then said I'll call you back, when he returned my call he offered me this to stay with Guardian.  He would put in another glass break in and update my system to the wireless one for $100.00 and an extra 8 bucks a month on my bill.  His reason for this charge was that the new system is $400.00 dollars to install and he claimed that I signed the fine print on the contract which says I refused wireless service.  My sales person 1. never told me about the wireless service and 2. deceived me into thinking my system was safe and functional if the power went out. When I refused and explained I would gladly take this the legal route, he said Mike Oaklief, the Cleveland manager, would contact me. Mike, in a snotty and unprofessional way, said that the relationship is now \"Toxic\"  and would terminate the contract with no fee and allow me to keep the equipment. (can't use, its wired and part of the problem) Do yourself a favor avoid this company, they are full of excuses and just plain bad,.