Who knows more about building a luxury hotel in las Vegas than Steve Wynn? No one, that's who. He practically built modern-day Vegas, setting the new standard for luxury accomodation, starting with The Mirage hotel in 1989. Since then, he has raised the bar continuously - and he topped all his previous creations with the Wynn and the Encore. \n\nAs a guest at the Wynn or Encore, you'll understand why they are consecutive Five Diamond award winners. Five Diamond properties are \"establishments that reflect the characteristics of the ultimate in luxury and sophistication; accommodations that are first class; the physical attributes extraordinary in every manner.\" \n\nAnd like the Five Diamond award suggests, nothing at the Wynn\/Encore is ordinary. Their chefs are award-winners recruited from all over the U.S. and Europe, service is impeccable, the decor is stunning, and they have retailers that are a shopper's dream (if you have the money for it) like Steve McQueen, Chanel, Rolex and Gucci. They even have the largest Ferrari dealership in the country on site. What?! I could only afford to window shop, but it was nice to look :)\n\nThe pools are impressive, too. From the club-vibe of the Encore Beach Club to the serene lap pool and European dipping pool, the hotel has different areas that create different experiences depending on what you're looking for. I wish I were still there, sitting poolside and sipping on a coconut mojito :( \n\nThe rooms are spacious (I'd say approx. 650 sq. ft) with expansive windows, remote controlled drapes, and a twirling flat screen TV so you can watch in the livingroom or your bedroom. Even the bathroom is huge. The bed is super soft and comfy. And don't even get me started on the buffet. There are food stations representing every corner of the world. And the dessert room - Oh Emm Gee. I was so happy to find sugar-free cheesecake and pecan pie that I could stuff my face with and feel (a little) less guilty. They cleverly place the dessert room at the entrance so you're forced to walk through it. \n\nI absolutely loved my stay here. Writing about it makes me sad! I want to go back.