since i don't live here anymore,(and i already cashed me safety deposit) let me just say i really enjoyed my 3 years. it wasn't too loud- im like a granny and just called noise control when people were super obnoxious. loud parties at 4am on a weeknight are not cool with this loser. \n\ni never had to deal with extra parking bc i had a garage and a parking space. besides, it's not hard to figure out which spots are never parked in so you can use them for a night or two if you have a few guests. NEVER park on the ramp. a friend made that mistake only to find his car missing the next morning. \n\ni always felt safe, i never heard any stories of car theft or home theft and i was there for almost 3 years. \n\ntowards the end the staff was really getting on my nerves bc they NEVER answered or returned calls. the old staff was super good about doing things quickly but not the new staff. so just stop in and demand help. \n\nbe really annoying, i found that to help as well. call over and over, or leave 10 messages. \n\ni left my apartment spick and span so they charged me nothing for moving out and i got all of my money back. (they didn't even notice that i painted the walls and didn't paint them back to white) so it is definitely worth your time to clean before you leave- don't be gross. i even went above and beyond and made nice vacuum lines for them. \n\nthe only thing that bothered me on a regular basis were the people smoking on their patio. all of the patios faced each other so whenever anyone would smoke i could smell it. \n\nthe storage is amazing. i was able to fit more in my 600sf apt than i am  in my 1500sf house. i am exaggerating, but there were TONS of cabinets and the bathroom had even more cabinets. \n\nlastly, towards the end i noticed a lot more really yucky people moving in. im not sure if the prices dropped a whole ton or if they started offering assistance or what. but like, people with no teeth type of people. i had one on my floor and they would always lock their 10 year old out of the apt. i had to call the cops a few times bc she would be out there for hours asking to be let in.  :( but i think this might come along with being in this part of town? idk. all apartments have weirdos. \n\noverall, i enjoyed it and i would recommend it. the location was awesome.