Ah the smell of the sea air, the sounds of the waves crashing on the shore line. These are just a few things that remind me of visiting my family on the big island during the summer. The food at this place is kind of like those people who want a tan so they go to one of those spray on places and come out looking like a big orange LOL. Sure you come out darker but you still look like a jack 'o lantern. The same can be said for real island food, once you taste the real thing there is just no substitute. \n\nNow I understand that those who are not millionaires, lottery winners, or big money making executives can not afford to go to Hawaii every time they are ready to feast on a large serving of slow roasted Kalua pork (the roasted pig that is placed in the ground served at every luau) or a plate lunch when they want something fresh tasting and well.... cheap. But this places does a better job than most. \n\nLike I have said in many of my reviews if you are going to do something make sure you do it right. Do not slap a piece of pineapple on a burger and call it a Hawaiian burger! Why you ask?? Simple because there is no such thing!! Ask anyone who knows real island food and they will tell you that most of a Polynesian diet is made up of sea food (we do live on islands after all LOL) and pork. So for all those who are used to the images of sliced ham with pineapples stay away from this place and stick to chain places like Chili's and their humm.... island inspired menu items. ( Just sounds wrong does it not?)\n\nThe thing that made me want to try this place was the fact that it had a simple yet well though out menu. They offer several of the normal plate lunch staples such as white rice, and macaroni salad ( for those like myself who can not eat fish they add tuna to the mac salad so make sure to ask for a substitution or you will be sorry). They even offer Loco Moco ( a traditional island breakfast favorite) and Kalbi Short Ribs. I ordered the Hawaiian BBQ Mix which offers three types of meat (had missed breakfast) and two scoops of white rice and mac salad. \n\nThis was my first time here so lucky enough my dining partner tasted the tuna in the salad before I ate it. Note to owners given that tuna is not normally found in mac salad why not include that bit of info on your menu humm... just saying!! The rice was fresh made, hot, and was good. The ribs were a little tough though and could have used less salt (pork is naturally salty so less is needed especially when the meat is cut so thin). \n\nThe chicken had a great tasting glaze but was a little on the dry side. The BBQ beef was good and cooked all the way through (do not like under cooked meat) and the can of tea that came with my meal was good and cold. Now for two combo meals, that included two drinks we only paid $11.50. Not bad given the normal price would have made it around $17.00 ouch! We took advantage of their great 50% off deal they have. It ends on the 18Th so make sure you get there soon to take advantage. Just make sure you go there with a open mind, empty stomach, and you will enjoy some really ONO ( means delicious) food.\n\nAloha \n\nCase closed (insert Hawaii 5-0 theme here)