During my last visit to Las Vegas, we kept looking around and calling random restaurants to schedule a last minute reservation for dinner. Unfortunately most were not available but we decided to give Brand Steakhouse a chance for various reasons. One reason was because we were staying at Monte Carlo so this place was pretty convenient, second reason was because every time we walked by it, our mouths would water from the amazing smell, and final reason because of all the amazing yelp reviews. \n\nFirst things first, we had made reservations and were welcomed by the friendly host when we arrived a few minutes before our scheduled time. Our table was ready by so without wasting any time, we were seated right away. Our waiter introduced himself and thoroughly reviewed the highlights on the menu and also gave us recommendations. He was very friendly, helpful, patient and for sure a wonderful waiter to have. \n\nFood:\nWe decided to go a bit crazy and order the ultimate steak for 2 and the 40oz\nRitz-cracker-crab-stuffed Lobster Tail. OMG honestly THE best lobster tail I've had. The stuffing was truly savory and the best stuffing I've had ever. Cmon! Ritz with crab .... in a lobster tail?!?!? wahhh So Good. The lobster was huge, fresh, sweet and perfect. It made my taste buds dance a very happy dance. The steak wasn't too bad either. It was cooked to perfection, juicy, tender and tasty. This place for sure knows how to cook one hellva steak to make any mouth water and savor it. The whole meal was more than enough for two very hungry people. \n\nSides: baked mac and cheese- creamy, nice crust on top, steaming hot and so cheesy and the cream spinach. Cream spinach was good but nothing spectacular yet it was gone by the time we finished our meal. \n\nAll in all, Brand had a spectacular ambiance, great place to catch up with friends, family or even for a date. Great customer service and delicious, flavorful food to keep you happy for any Las Vegas visit. Would love to come back and try out their hot rock items.