This place was ok.  I've been to this particular hotel well over a decade ago and only once before so I don't remember the last stay at all.\n\nThe place is clean, the room is comfortable and everything looks pretty much up to date.  The entrance is bit of a drive from the main street down a driveway which is also shared by a gas station and a strip mall so it's sort of hard to find if you don't know it.  The entrance isn't even clearly marked either.\n\nThey offer a complimentary breakfast that's served after 630am to whenever (not sure) but they have a decent selection of breakfast food to choose from.  I'm not into making my own waffles or cereal but there's 3 or 4 different breads to choose from, preserves, fruits, a yogurt fridge including regular and Greek as well as hot food.\n\nThe hot food is inside the stainless steel catering tray at the right corner along the wall and on day one they had a sort of frittata with mushrooms, spinach on the left and bacon on the right.  Day two they had an stuffed omelette (ham and something else?) along with sausage patties.  \n\nThe fountain dispenser has orange and apple juice as well as water.  The hot water for tea and coffee station is just outside the room since that's available anytime.\n\nMy room was on the second floor and I was told at the check in that only the parking adjacent to the building is for the 1st floor guests.  So being on the second floor I had to park on the opposite side.  Honestly it wasn't a big deal.  I don't think they had an elevator though so I guess that's why first floor individuals can be on the first floor closer if they had to take their luggage in through their sliding doors?  Anyway so ya I had to take my luggage up to the 2nd floor up the stairs.  For me not a big deal because I'm capable and I didn't have that much stuff no again, not a biggie.\n\nThe room was good overall, there was an extra pillow in the dresser so I was able to have 5 but the pillows seemed a bit small and I had wished they were firmer.  \n\nThe only thing that wasn't 100% to my liking was the environmental controls.  It was in Celsius which is perfectly fine (I'm still used to Fahrenheit) but it didn't matter what I set it to whether it was 22 up to 25 it always seemed like the AC was on and then it would get hot and then go cold again.  I was confused but I found keeping it at 25 got it warm enough then I'd turn it down or off when necessary.  Basically it took a lot of having to manage the temperature. \n\nBesides the thermostat and HVAC the stay was pretty relaxing and the room was comfortable.  I usually stayed at the WelcomInns just down the street but I choose the Comfort Inn this time because they have a fridge which to me is a big bonus. I like to buy drinks and keep them cold in my own room without having to use the ice bucket etc.  They even had a decent looking coffee maker and microwave which I didn't have to use however.\n\nThe next time I have to come to Boucherville I think I'll go with the Comfort Inn again.