After going to Roman Bistro, I was waiting for Gordon Ramsay to come out and say they were filming an episode of Kitchen Nightmares.  Never before have I seen such a poorly run restaurant.\n\nWhen we arrived, the dining room area wasn't full, yet it took them over 15 minutes to seat us and there was no explanation.  That should have been a sign to run for the door but we soldiered on.  After they did seat us, the unbelievably unfriendly waitress decided she'd actually come over and ask us if we wanted something to drink.  It was as if we had inconvenienced her with our presence.  \n\nThe Caesar salad tasted like it had no dressing and anchovies while the cheese was so mild you could barely taste it.  The gazpacho was nice and refreshing on a hot day.  The night we were there, it was thundering outside and I was wishing for a power outage so our entrees wouldn't actually come.  Sadly though, my prayers were not answered so the nightmare meal continued.  The lobster ravioli tasted of cream cheese and were swimming in a mess of olive oil and diced tomatoes.  The crab cakes were not made of lump meat but of a little bit of backfin meat and a whole lot of overly salted filler.  The bison burger was heavily charred and came out at the wrong temperature.  To make matters worse, the \"fried onion\" pieces they put on top were soggy and reminded me of a pile of mucus.  But I dare not complain and ask the waitress who had a stick up her rear to take it back because I didn't want to deal with her attitude.  And who knows, the second time, the burger might actually have mucus on it.  The best thing we had was the beet salad, because it never arrived (although they tried to bill us for it).\n\nI think our biggest mistake was not ordering lots of alcohol so we'd be drunk and wouldn't realize what on earth we were eating and how bad the service actually was.  It looked like everyone else was happy and having a jolly good, drunken time.  Especially the table of 4 next to us that magically ballooned to a party of 6 when they sat down on the bench and effectively joined our table too.\n\nAll in all, I certainly will never step foot in here again, even though I'd like to sample some of the beers they have on tap in their impressive selection.