I am surprised the brick has such low ratings. My boyfriend and I have had four fantastic experiences with both their product, and customer service which is why we will continue to buy from them in the future, Just as a pre amble let me just say I agree with the other reviewers the style of their furniture needs a major update, at the same price point you can get a more contemporary look elsewhere. However I understand that there is a sect of people that really feel comfortable with it. Also I have noticed they are offering a more high contemporary pieces. first experience was 2-3 years ago we bought our first mattress when we moved in to an apt together. We got a great deal, looked around and their prices couldn't be beat. We scheduled our delivery for the day we moved in. We only had a moving elevator for 2 hours. He said we would get a conformation call the night before and a courtesy call an hour before delivery. On moving day they were our only delivery that was in any way accommodating. They said sure no problem we will put your mattress right at the front of the truck so we can make your delivery window. They were so fast and polite even taking their shoes off when the new place was clearly a disaster. \n\nWhen we bought a house this year we bought a king sized bed from a store downtown and went to the brick for our mattress, we went to the mattress store on Dufferin. Norman the manager there was beyond helpful. He gave us a great deal on a king size with a mattress protector and again gave us a 180 day love it or return it guarantee and also was able to schedule for our moving day which was inconveniently the Saturday of Easter weekend \"not a problem\" he said. Well again the brick phoned to confirm the night before and the day of and was the first of our deliveries. They came 5 minutes into the window they gave us.. Our bed from another store  was supposed to be delivered that same day but didn't end up showing up when it finally did it required a box spring (something we were told it wouldn't require when we bought it) last minute we had to run around looking for a box spring.  The brick to the rescue again!  We called Norman that night he found one that fit the height of our bed and told us we could pick it up special the next day or even that night if we felt like it . Another great experience. \n\nNow we slept on the mattress for about two weeks and decided it wasn't for us. I don't return things often but I found it way too firm for my taste that being said others laid on it and thought it was perfect. Yesterday we went back and it was no problem at all.  They did not make it difficult to exchange the mattress and was even able to schedule a delivery for this Friday even though the new mattress was not in stock. This mattress was more expensive then the one we originally purchased but Norman fixed it so that we didn't have to pay any difference or delivery charge. \n\n    I have been looking around for a bedroom set for our new master since march. I couldn't find anything I really liked in the colour or style I wanted. I felt like I looked everywhere and if there was something I wanted it wouldn't come for ages (restoration hardware 12-14 weeks!). Also if you order from an American store they have to order it In from the US and you pay  the applicable international fees. Why should I end up paying close to double because I'm Canadian?   I have never bought actual furniture from any big box store but it seemed like our only option if we wanted our clothes off the floor and out of boxes soon. Our furniture is absolutely beautiful! no one would be able to tell it is the brick also we ordered it on Monday it came 5 minutes into the delivery window on Wednesday. It too was hugely discounted I think 30% off. It came fully assembled and the delivery people arranged it for us as well .