\"Will Work For Food\" read the sign of the guy I found to help with some top to bottom house cleaning.  OK, maybe not.  But I do have a friend who has been helping out.  He actually is willing to work for some pizza and a Dr. Pepper.  As payment, I brought him to Bistro Pizza.  I saw the strong Yelp reviews as well as the offer for free order of garlic knots with a Yelp check-in.  It was on at that point.\n\nThis is some good pizza made with quality fresh ingredients.  Each pizza is made to order and 100% customizeable.  There are no cookie cutter prefab options here.  We ordered a large pizza with sausage, green bell pepper, mushroom and olives.  Plus the garlic knots with my check-in, of course.  \n\nThe knots were out first.  They were still slightly doughy inside which we both agreed was perfect.  They were buttery and slightly garlicy.  The big punch of garlic came from the chunks of fresh garlic in the marinara.  Everything about it was great.  And to make it better, there were six knots of comparible size.  Each of us got 3 and neither felt cheated.\n\nWhen the pizza arrived a few minutes later and shortly after finishing our knots, I was shocked by how heavy handed this place is on the toppings.  It was nearly impossible to eat this pizza with out a fork and knife.  The full coverage of cheese.  The fresh mushrooms and bell peppers.  The ground mild Italian sausage.  All of it was perfect and not skimpy in the least.  There were so many toppings I was starting to feel full after just 2 slices.  I ended up taking a couple of slices home. I had some family come in from out of town later that day and they enjoyed a slice.  I had the final slice a day later.  It was just as good reheated.\n\nThe overall feel of Bistro Pizza is not one of high class.  This is a little pizza joint that doesn't pretend to be anything more.  There is paper and crayons on each table for some simple entertainment as you wait for your food.  The walls along the counter and pizza making station are lined with drawings from past customers.  You really get the impression that the staff here care for their customers.  They display their art work and they joke around with you.  It feels like old friends just hanging out when you come in here.\n\nI will be back for my pizza fix again.