November Challenge 7\/30\n\nI'm a DIY kind of lady. Nails, paint them myself. Hair, been dyeing it at home since I was 10. When I saw my siblings dropping stacks at the salon every month to get their brows threaded, I was like, \"What. I can do that myself!\" So I watched a video on YouTube and I learned how to thread my own brows. It's easy.\n\nBut sometimes, you have to appreciate an expert that will treat you right. Sure you can do it yourself, but some days you just don't want to. \n\nMy brother has been getting his eyebrows threaded by Neeli for years, at a different salon, and followed her here because he only trusts her with his brows and hair. The right stylist is so important, that person is partly responsible for how you present yourself, and if they do right by you, it not only makes you look good; you feel good, you stand a little taller because you know you look good.\n\nBut, back to threading. I got my brows threaded here because I wanted to treat myself to the luxury of not having to spend my Thursday evening threading my own brows. I had been growing them out a little, hoping to reshape them in to something presentable, for my birthday. See, I was a teenager in the mid-late 90's, so I subjected my brows to some horrors unspeakable. I wanted them to be thin like Drew Barrymore's were on the cover of YM. As a result, I have hairs that never grew back, and my brows have been pretty sparse ever since. On top of that, they're much paler than the hair that grows out of my head, so I fill them in with brow powder. They're a mess, and I usually just thread to maintain the strays.\n\nWhen the lovely Hadiya saw the state my brows were in, she clucked her tongue and tsk tsk'ed at what I had done to myself, and I explained to her that I did it when I was a teenager and didn't know better. She took me to a padded room in the back, and quickly whipped them in to a much more presentable shape. She told me to stop plucking certain hairs to maintain the shape she wanted, because their current shape is a hot mess, I explained those hairs are never growing back. Stupid Drew Barrymore on YM! Why did I listen to you?! She threaded and trimmed with a teeny pair of scissors, and when she was done, my brows looked...\n\nOMG. I don't know how she did it. She made them look fuller and fixed their shape in a way that frames my eyes elegantly. And she did it with a lot less pain than one might experience with waxing (threading is much better for you, because the skin around your eyes is very delicate, and all that tugging waxing and plucking does will cause wrinkles). \n\nBrow science! I now spend less time painstakingly filling them in with my brow powder, and don't freak out when I leave the house without filling them in at all. \n\nThanks, Hadiya! You're a boss! Advance accepts walk-ins as well (I didn't make an appointment), but if you go, I would recommend seeing Hadiya and Neeli. They've been making my family look presentable for years. And the price, for Calgary, was incredibly reasonable. I would consider making this a regular thing!