I low key do not want to post this review, I don't want to share my shiny new toy with everyone else. :) Alas, I must share, this is why we are here on yelp.  \n\nI discovered Sushi Cruise through yelp, I had added to one of my book marks because it was close and it had 4.5 stars. If I could give this place 10 stars, I would.\n\nFrom the minute we walked in we had excellent customer service. Someone always checking on us, refiling our drinks or picking up empty plates. I ordered a glass of wine, the pour was decent and the wine was good. My girlfriend ordered a beer and they brought out a frozen mug for it without asking. \n\nLets talk about the food. I didn't take many pictures last night because when the food hit the table, it looked so good that myself and my family just went for it. After I would think, \"damn that was good, I wished I took a picture.\" \n\nRight of the bat I ordered the Oyster Shooters, they sounded like something I used to have with my parents at a sushi place that is no longer open. OH MY GOSH, they were delicious! It has no alcohol and it is everything I want out of an oyster shooter! This is a must try, you can only order one per visit though, make it count. :)\n\nI also ordered the \"Golden Spoon.\" (I like to try the items on the menu that you can only order once, there has to be a reason why right) The golden spoon is a one bite appetizer filled with three types of fish, radish, masago and a special sauce. One bite was NOT enough, the flavors exploded in my mouth!\n\n Continuing on down the menu we had the Dynamite, different and delicious. I ordered the screaming O and that was delicious as well and not drowning in sauce like some places I have been. The seaweed salad is a simple but if its not fresh, its not very good. Their seaweed salad was fresh and my son really liked their cucumber salad. \n\nI ordered their garlic tuna, super white tuna and masago nigiri sushi. It was all super fresh and very tasty. I also ordered Uni and that was the only thing on the menu that I did not like. Uni being fresh is very important to me and my order was just not fresh. The Baked Green Mussels are some of the best I have had in this town, simple but amazing flavors!\n\nMy son ordered the Crazy Boy roll, Golden Tiger, Las Vegas and Popcorn Lobster Roll. No complaints from him, he loved every bit of it. The Popcorn Lobster Roll stood out to me, it was better than expected. \n\nMy girlfriend ordered the Breaking Down roll and that was the best item on the special rolls list for me! Delicious and memorable. \n\nWe finished off the meal with green tea and red bean ice cream, those are our faves. They also have deep fried Oreo's for desert. mmmm!\n\nI absolutely loved our dinner at Sushi Cruise, it brought back a lot of memories for me and really had some items not seen in other sushi places. I highly recommend Sushi Cruise!!