The kids love coming here obviously, but dear lord you better bring lots of cash.  Like anything else fun anymore it costs.  Locker rental $7.00, small drink $7.00, admission $32.99.  But the season pass is $64.99 a person which would be a great deal.  So I was the idiot who paid the regular admission price.  Problem is getting kids here while working and we average coming 2x a summer.  Once the kids are older I wouldn't mind dropping them off at lunch and picking them up after work and really take advantage of season pass.  \n\nThere is a wave pool, lazy river, small children area, slides, food $$$ and bathroom facilities.  There would be plenty of seating but most people grab all the lounge chairs to place their towels on instead of sitting on, which means you will be sitting in sun if you are not out playing in park.  First time we came I found an edge of a picnic table to sit on after playing with kids for a couple hours and was ready to relax.  After sitting and minding my own business for over an hour a couple comes strolling up with their kids and the lady starts getting angry that I'm in their spot.  Being they had kids I apologized and moved off the 10\" section of bench I had been sitting on.  The family stuck around for about 10 minutes before packing up and leaving, the woman still griping how dare anyone take their area.  After that experience I made the rule if nobody sits in a chair for more than 10 minutes I kindly relocate their towels and take the seat.  Today I played with boys for about 1.5 hours before some of their friends showed up and dad got dropped.  I waited for 10 minutes and applied my method to some shaded seats holding towels.  Immediately a couple comes over from a shaded canopy area they were sitting and tell me I'm in their kids place.  I kindly gave the dude a mad dog face and asked where they were?  He gasped and said playing.  I told him I'd trade them places if they wanted but I wasn't moving.  Maybe I'm just getting old but people with that sense of entitlement really drive me nuts.  Like going to the movies and getting there early to get good seats and some asshole says a whole row is saved and the people they are saving seats for show up late.  I see those seats I purposely sit in them.  \n\nEither way, kids having a great time, and I'm having a great time causing butthurt.  Won't be the last time I'm sure.