Ridiculously bad service, loooonnnngggg loooooooonnnnggggggg waits for boring food. \n\nOn May 12, 2016, the Globe and Mail published \"The Secret of Service\", on \"reimagining quality service for the 21st-century consumer\". The article features a profile of Jeff Dinan, Front of House Manager at Piano Piano. http:\/\/www.theglobeandmail.com\/life\/fashion-and-beauty\/fashion\/the-secrets-of-ol-fashioned-great-service-in-the-modernage\/article29995577\/\n\nOn reading this article, and having a good laugh reflecting on our terrible dinner there, I sent the following email directly to Piano Piano. \n\n\"Hello Jeff and Co,\nThis morning I happened across your comments in the Globe regarding customer service. I dined at Piano Piano for the first time just this past week, and frankly, I was shocked by the overt lack of service or concern for customer satisfaction. On reading your comments in the Globe, I felt obligated to share our experience and how the most basic, core needs were neglected, if not outright ignored. Your comments seemed to hark to a level of modern sophistication in the dining experience, a sense of knowledge, understanding, and grace. You may want to take it back to basics. We couldn't even get anyone to take our order. There was a long wait to even see a server - this was followed by \"let me just get your drinks first\" when we were now already ready to order dinner. Waiting, waiting, waiting. The server didn't seem to have much opinion on the food, we were a foodie table asking many questions, but with little input he recommended the same dish to multiple diners. We had long waits between courses, and no one bothered to bus our dirty plates until the next dish was in hand. Despite extraordinary waits for food, only one of us was ever asked if we'd like a second cocktail. All of the wait staff seemed to just be hanging out behind the bar, oblivious. When the server finally came by, a solid 25 mins after we'd finished our mains, after we'd all had time to discuss how sad it was that our dirty plates were still in front of us, I told him directly that the wait times this evening had been simply ridiculous. He seemed nonplussed, there was little apology as he finally cleared the plates. He then returned a solid 10 mins later, offering coffee, which we obviously rejected, then an offer of dessert on the house. I was shocked - did he not see the irony in offering us something that we would again have to wait for? By this time, my party, which included two people that had just flown in from the UK and another that had a an early am biz trip, they just wanted to get out of there. We had expected far more efficient service and by this time everyone was just exhausted. I told him I would have loved dessert 20 minutes ago. Again, no real apology, no real reaction. As a comp had been offered, we thought that perhaps an app would be removed from the bill, but there was no such adjustment. I'd also expect a good server to bring over a manager to smooth things out, but no action was taken. All this on a quiet weekday night, with the restaurant less than half full. \n\nWe dine out often, and this was just beyond. I adore the nuances of sophisticated service mentioned in your interview, but come on, just make sure your people know how to take an order and bus a plate. Sometimes it's not the little things, its the most basic routines of the job. I recognize that Piano Piano isn't going to match the level of service that Splendido offered, but there is sizeable difference between relaxed service and blatant incompetence. \n\nLastly, prior to visiting, I was very excited about the children's menu, I thought for sure we'd be back with the kids. It's a splendid idea, but with these wait times? Absolutely not.\"\n\nI never received a response to my email. Kind of says something about \"service\" doesn't it? \n\nAs for the food, we won't be missing anything by not going back. There was very little worth mentioning about the food, in general it was unremarkable in every way. High point was the Sweet Hornet Pizza, but only because it's a blatant rip-off of Roberta's (Brooklyn) Beesting Pizza. I've had Roberta's, and the Beesting is far superior from the crust up- it's worth noting that all of the pizzas we ordered at Piano Piano were charred and burnt. Low point: Burrata was rubbery, impossible to share, an insult to the entire concept of burrata. Portion size on the ravioli was laughably small. The music is really bad, the lights are too bright, and the whole environment just feels old - the ambiance is that of 1990's restaurant. It's all a giant waste of time - just go somewhere else!