I am happy and so are my nails! Old Town needed a nail salon like Teres. Teres lives on the north west corner of Indian School and Scottsdale Road (across the street from Paradise Bakery). Unlike the building's exterior, the interior exudes a complete sense of girliness and provides the perfect atmosphere for a mani and pedi day...that's affordable! Yes, I said affordable. Walking into Teres, I would have thought that the price of their manis and pedis ran high, but they are actually completely comparable to a \"cheap\" mom and pop shop nail salon. Gel manicures are about $38 and a pedicure ranges between $20 and $24, depending on your service. But I'm only touching upon the most minor of details as to why I love it here. \n\nQuality. That is my word for Teres. They provide top notch quality in everything they do. I entered the salon to be greeted by a friendly receptionist. I filled out some paper work so they could keep me in their system and choose from a menu of different options. I decided to go with a gel manicure, with a sugar rub (for moisture) and received an enhancement with the sugar rub, so I choose an \"immune system\" one. I have to stay healthy after all! While I waited for my service, I watched Ever After play on the tv and had the option to look through several current magazines. \n\nMy manicurist for the appointment was Jamie who is very friendly and knowledgeable. Throughout my manicure, I learned about the concept of Teres. You can choose between a variety of services, but then customize your experience with different salt rubs and enhancements. They also offer a variety of nail designs, including funky sparkles, \"party\" nails, designs, polka dots and more. One thing I typically hate about doing gel nails is the process it takes to dry them under the light. However, Teres invested in new LED lights which means 1\/4 of the wait time...only 30 seconds under the light for each quote! Compare that to the normal 2 minutes and I will never get my gel nails done anywhere else again! I wanted to match the color to my toes, so Jamie decided that the best bet was to do one color and then add one coat of another color to match the toes. Did it work? Yes it did! They matched perfectly. I was also very impressed with the amount of gel colors they have. There must have been 30 or 40 different colors to choose from! Jamie also wrote down the colors and treatment I received, in case I want to do the same one on my next visit, or a friend sees my nails and wants the same color. \n\nEverything here was simple, sophisticated and seamless. Plus, did I mention affordable? I didn't get a pedicure but I will be back soon to have one. The interior design was girly and screamed \"host a bachelorette party nail party here!\" It's the perfect environment for a girly day with several friends, one friend or just yourself! I also like how the staff is very friendly and welcomes you with making you feel uncomfortable. I'll be back soon Teres!