First time there today. I've been waiting for a \"perfect\" weather to pair with ramen so I waited for our long summer to be over. First impression was nice, clean and modern as this is a new joint but the smell was off. The smell was overwhelmingly stale and oily. My culinary \"red-flag\" went up right away from that point. Lunch was fairly busy but luckily we sat at the bar right away. Before I sat tho, I went to the bathroom to wash my hands. Both men and women bathroom had signs that said the bathroom is closed for some work or something. WHAT?! This is a brand new place practically. But I saw that the women's bathroom was open and no one was nearby so I quickly washed my hands (of course, with door opened with my foot propping it open. Didn't want to \"scare\" any female patrons there you know!) Anyway, the hallway floor was sticky which is a good sign that they don't have a good sanitary protocols. C'mon, they just opened the door like 30 mins before we were there. It shouldn't be that way. As I sat at the bar, the dirty hoods caught my eyes. Once again, this place being as new as it is, the hoods shouldn't be that dirty with oil and filth. Another sign...lack of proper sanitation and maintenance protocols. \n\nNext thing I noticed are the workers in the kitchen making the food doesn't seem to have much culinary training.I'm accustomed to and expect to see people behind the kitchen who knows about the food and have appreciation for the food they are making. I highly doubt any of the workers have any prior training in making ramen before they start working there. Their lack of professionalism and respect for the food they are making truly showed with the body language and filthy stuffs they were saying. Especially the heavy set guy was pretty vocal and non-stop talking fairly loud while making the noodle, I so wish he stopped talking to minimize spitting into the food. For that reason alone, I would not return to this place again since I felt the food isn't being made with proper sanitary standard. \n\nOur ramen took little longer than expected but not too bad. I ordered a medium miso and I thought it was quite spicy. My staffs agreed as one ordered hot (she normally order 8-9\/10 at Thai restaurants) and the other ordered a medium miso too. Taste wise, I'd give 3 stars. The noodle, which they boast about making in-house with their own machine is nothing more than a show. Can we say Krispy Kreme??? It really didn't deliver anything extra. Portion is on the smaller size so I ordered a side of white rice. Sorry I ordered \"white\" rice, not stale \"yellow\" rice. Another let down!\n\nThe waitress was poorly trained or just don't know how to serve properly. I'd accept \"unfriendly\" but this older lady was on the \"rude\" side! \n\nRamen is something I appreciate quite a bit. While being a rather simple dish, it's one of those things that's not only filling but emotionally \"hitting the spot\" type of food. Kobo is a prime example where a business person with no culinary training and no culinary appreciation for the food they deliver turns it into a \"factory\" to make money, not food! Their name is quite fitting...a FACTORY! Simply a place where they make things. No thanks kobo, I'll look for a place where they take pride in food they make, not just the $$$ they make!