Let me get the most important part of this review out first. Absinthe is dirty and inappropriate. Absinthe made the humor in the Book of Mormon and the humor in Zumanity look clean. If Absinthe were to be given a Motion Picture of America film rating it would exceed the R rating.  If every bad word of Absinthe were beeped out you would think they were sending out Morse code messages. If I got a dollar for every time they said the word \"vagina\" or \"dick\" my (rather pricey) ticket to Absinthe would have been free. \nKnowing there would be a lot of audience participation, I figured a seat in the third row and avoiding eye contact would keep me safe. WRONG. No one is safe. Be prepared to be destroyed. Gay? Republican? Jewish? Asian? Scar on your head? Bald? Wearing plaid? Trophy wife? They have a joke for you. \nThe acrobats are amazing, however they don't compare to a Cirque du Soleil show. Tight rope, trapeze, Ukranian acrobats, roller skating duo- they had it all. \nThe tent has a very intimate set up with metal fold up seats. There is a bar inside, but no bathroom. Also no intermission so buy your overpriced Vegas alcoholic beverage prior to the show! It seemed like most tickets came with a free champagne (pick up outside of the tent).\n\nIf you're thinking of seeing Absinthe, you're probably thinking of seeing Zumanity. I say go with Zumanity. The acrobatics are more impressive and there is more of a sexual appeal to the show. Zumanity makes you question your sexuality and makes you want to fall in love. If you're looking for more of a dirty comedy, go to Absinthe. You may end up with giant boobs in your face, a bra thrown at your head or end up on stage forced to do a strip tease. \n\nI'm not easily offended, but I can see why a lot of people would be. It seems like some nights the jokes are a little more distasteful than others. The show was hilarious, but the acrobatics\/singing\/strip tease deserves only a 3\/5 stars. \n\nNo matter how many Yelp reviews you read, you won't be prepared for how dirty Absinthe is. Be prepared for the most inappropriate 2 hours of your life.