Fun time without spending thousands.\n\nMyself and my two buddies had a GREAT time here.  We utilized a 3rd party company called Good Times VIP for our tickets and although we were warned about doing this it ended up being the best idea of the trip.  Not only did we bypass all the lines but we paid about $100 for 3 guys to enter.  Usually for guys, tickets are going to run you about $50 per.  The individuals who bought tickets through Encore or had whatever hook up from the random promoter on the strip that still lives in his parent's basement were in that line for a LONG time.  Check in is pretty intense but I had no problems bringing in my book bag with all of our stuff in it.  Right after check in we checked our bag.  It is $25 dollars to check your bag and you can get it in and out as many times as you want.  Then with your money, cell phone, or any other valuables you put it in a plastic bag they seal in front of you.  The wrist band they give you has a series of numbers on it that matches the sealed bag.  No this will cost you $5 to check and re-check throughout the day.   This isn't a shocker but drinks are expensive.  We drink beer so buckets of beer were $144 but it was for 12 beers which last a little while.  My only complaint is the water situation.  I did not see any available for free and when you order water at the bar you get this fancy 4 oz bottle of Fiji water.   What the hell am I supposed to do with that?  I think after we took turns buying buckets with 3 waters our total each time was $177.  The place is beautiful and it is definitely on the bucket list if you are doing the whole pool party scene.  Music was great, we were there for TJR and it was busy but not as crazy like when some of the mega star DJ's spin that sh*t.  I thought everybody looked like they were having a good time and I saw all kinds of different people at this event.  I think Encore would like you to believe that only people who are models and don't eat carbohydrates are allowed in but that is far from the truth.  Trust me I saw the same people I see at the Flamingo Pool at this spot.  All different shapes, sizes and colors.  Most of the people that are beautiful work there and I am pretty sure they are computer generated holograms.  Come with good attitude, some cash and a little patience and you will be fine.