I decided to walk a little around the strip mall after an extremely awesome omakase dinner at the new Kabuto restaurant, debating if I should get ramen at their sister restaurant Monta. Before I could make up my mind, plus I was distracted from yet another Sprint dropped call, I saw the well lit Volcano Tea House.  So like a moth drawn to the cool blue electric insect imploding devices at modern camp sites, I decided to drop in for some more sweets and a side order of free radicals for my body to fight off.\n\nThe interior is not big, but it is simply decorated with bright cheery smiley face yellow-ish color scheme. They have an easy menu to order from in the back corner of the store.  A 20\/40 or better vision is helpful for accomplishing that visual accuity test, or you can just look down at the menu taped down on the counter.  And while I was still talking to a friend about my recent dining experience, the taro milk tea san boba that I ordered was already prepared and waiting for me.  Heck, it was ready before I even recieved my change. Yes, that fast!\n\nThe taro milk tea was good.  And if you are a regular, you might as well get their stamp card, that you can parlay into a free beverage after paying for 10.  You don't even have to be cool like me, or show off your nearly perfected used car purchasing negotiation skills.  Yeah, the folks at Volcano Tea House are equally nice to everyone that pays for their assortment of Asian beverage offerings. A verbal \"thank you\" or \"xie xie\" (sounds like shieh shieh) is still appreciated, plus it shows you have some manners. \n\nIs this place good for groups?  Only if the group is not too big or your friends like standing.  There are only a few tables, and not too many chairs, so it is more suited for the order and go crowd.  However, while I was there, I did see a group of Chinese girls playing some card game, and another group of guys chillaxing at another table. \n\nIf this volcano is in the same family tree as the other Volcano Tea Houses in Cali, then this is by far the smallest.  But the drinks, at least the ones I typically order tastes pretty much the same.\n\nParking:  There is almost not enough to share between all the businesses in this tiny strip mall with a handful of really popular dining destinations.  You definitely should carpool, as it is not only good for your wallet, the environment, but for me!\n\nP.S.  Even before I drove out of the parking lot to go write this review, the owner already requested to be my Yelp friend. See the pattern? They really like doing things F-A-S-T!