Funny story about this place... as discerning yelpers know, it's a bit off the strip, somewhat near the convention center, in a run down strip mall; don't let that steer you away, though.  When we got dropped off around 1:30 for a late lunch, the cabbie advised us to just have the restaurant call for a cab when we were done.  \n\nThinking nothing of it, I approached the counter and asked them to call for a cab when our bill came.  We were told there was a cabbie strike in progress in vegas, and the wait times could be 30-60 minutes.  So, we went outside, and sure enough, ended up waiting 30-40 minutes, and still no cab.\n\nSince we had eaten a late lunch, so the restaurant had closed to prepare for the dinner rush at this point, and out trots Saipin Chutima, along with her son and daughter.  We were standing with another couple who had been waiting nearly as long as we were, and all four of us recognized the owner and head chef from her appearance in the most recent season of Top Chef Masters.  They walked over to a pair of cars, and pulled them around in front of the restaurant.\n\nSaipin's daughter Pennapa introduced herself, and apologized for the lengthy delay of our cabs.  They then proceeded to offer us rides to the Las Vegas Hilton, which is the closest major resort to the shop, so that we could arrange quick transport to our final destinations, rather than wait here with uncertainty.  Needless to say, we all accepted.\n\nThe other couple went off with Saipin's son, while my wife and I got to ride with Saipin and her daughter, who drove.  They were both extremely pleasant, with Pennapa making small talk about our trip and lamenting the service they've been getting from the cabbies due to the strike.  They asked about our meal, and what we had liked and disliked.\n\nOnce we got dropped off at LVH, we waved goodbye, and stood next to the same couple again laughing and wondering what had just happened.  Say what you will about the location and decor of Lotus of Siam; you will never in your life find better service than what we received there.  \n\nOh, right.  The food.  That's easy... simply the best Thai I have ever eaten.  No question.\n\nWe had Nam Prik Ong, which I had never had before, but will now actively search for.  Amazing, amazing, amazing.  Sticky rice is a must with this dish.  We also had an order of drunken noodles with soft shell crab.  My wife and I agreed that it was the best we'd ever had.  Of course, we also had some Pad Thai.  Also the best we've ever eaten.\n\nGive this place your patronage at all costs; you will not be disappointed.