I was really nervous about getting a new car because of how bad my credit is. After reading various reviews, I felt confident that Charlie was my best chance to be approved and walk away with something I would be happy with. They did not disappoint!\n\n   The salesman was very accommodating, no pressure which was key for me. He patiently showed me various models and we took a couple out for a spin. As a mechanically unsavvy woman, it is nerve racking trying to find a decent car which will be reliable. I kept feeling that I wanted to have a mechanic review any car before finalizing any deal. The salesman, again with no pressure or hurry in his tone, said I am welcome to return with a mechanic or we could drive to a mechanic together. This gave me the confidence I needed to request the car I really wanted, a Nissan Xterra fully loaded with everything on my wish list. \n\n   They were able to finance me! Of course it was ridiculously high percentage rate but that's my bad for not taking care of my credit. I'm just glad they approved me since I've been denied for any other form of credit. This is definitely good motivation to fix what I can of my credit. After speaking to some of my more mechanically inclined friends, I found that the trade-in value they provided was very kind. It's the first car I've traded in and it was so much easier than having the responsibility of selling it myself. \n\n   The owner even got involved and personally promised to have a piece of wood cut to provide a cover that was missing. They really did everything they could to make sure I was as happy about this exchange as possible. They even provided an insurance agent who worked on Sundays and got me the lowest quote I could possibly get. These guys really provide you with everything you can need. I never thought car buying could be this easy!\n\nThank you for everything, to everyone at Charlie Cheap Car. The cars may be cheap but the service is top notch and so are the cars! My mechanic couldn't find anything wrong with my 07 Nissan Xterra! :-)\n\nUPDATE*** The very next day after finalizing the deal, I went to the east side location to get my car measured for the piece of wood they would be supplying. I thought it would be a quick thing so I went right before my yoga class with 15min to spare. 45 min later I asked how long they expected the measurements to take. The nice lady went to find out and returned to tell me they had already finished. Who knows how long they would have kept me waiting there. I definitely missed my yoga class but figured it was worth it to get my cover.\n\nAfter 3 days had gone by and I had heard nothing about my cover, I called to get a time estimate. They told me it wouldn't be ready until next tuesday! That is completely unacceptable as I had informed them that I would be camping in my car this very weekend. I won't even e in the state on Tuesday. All this just for a simple piece of cut wood. I can go to home depot and get this done quicker than I waited for just the measurements. I should have waited to finalize the deal until I had my cover completed. Something tells me it would have been completed that day. Now I have to spend more time and money building one myself. Very disappointed! Definitely lost 1 star due to this.