Let me begin by summarizing a few main points:\n\n1. In life, you have to have some amount of personal accountability for your actions. \n2. No matter what any rental car agent says, you do NOT need to sign up for any of the additional charges (insurance, gas fill-up, model upgrade, GPS, etc.) That's just a fact. Being weak-willed and getting sold is your fault, not theirs. Stand there confidently and decline.\n3. No rental car company has great reviews. Sure E-Z has bad reviews here, but Hertz and Avis have 1.7 stars, Budget has 1.1 stars. Take negative reviews with a grain of salt from the rental car industry. \n\nLet me briefly address other reviews:\n\nHidden fees? Nope. You see the contract before you get the keys. Here's a pro tip that seems painfully obvious: Read the contract! The agent will definitely try to up-sell you on all the various options, but be strong and just decline. Weather the storm. You got your great deal online, now protect it. \n\nLong wait? Entirely dependent on many variables outside the control of the company. When I arrived there were two employees, no one in line, and I had keys in my hand in 4-6 minutes.\n\nCar was in bad shape? We received a Toyota Camry with 1,000 miles on it. Still had the new car smell. Ran beautifully and was in flawless shape.\n\nHassle returning the car? The drop off took maybe 20 seconds. The worker exited his booth as I was pulling up, he scanned the QR code with his iPad, checked the mileage, showed me the iPad with the exact same total from my contract, confirmed my email address, and emailed me my receipt. Done.\n\nLastly, some reviews mention paying the small difference to get a more name-brand company, and if that were true for my case I likely would have done that with my reservation and never would've gotten to experience E-Z. But sometimes the price difference is not marginal. E-Z was $80 to rent a car in Phoenix and drop it off in Vegas 2 days later. The cheapest name-brand company? Enterprise. $200. Hertz was $225. I wouldn't hesitate to rent from E-Z again.