Went with my BF, brother and his BF. Late night- wanted to see if they had macaroons or get some pastries....no macaroons, pastries that were left didn't perk my interest (fruit tarts, eclair).\n\nBro and BF got gelatos and chocolates. Took a bite of their pistachio- nice actually, robust pistachio flavor.\n\nWe got a crepe with just custard and chocolate and chocolates and a raspberry tart BF wanted to try as well. Crepe was good, I like that the chocolate wasn't overtly sweet milk chocolate, more like a milk and dark cross, but I don't think it was priced right for what it is. I spend a lot on desserts, but it's just a crepe. Chocolates good, I liked the coconut which I normally don't but it was subtle. Tart- Alright, there was a pistachio like cream on the bottom and it was nice, but the tart itself was kinda hard, berries were fresh and sweet. \n\nGot teas to compliment.- A-OK- just got standard greens, but were all premium tea drinkers and it doesnt wow like some of the selection at home (NO ready made tea bags, fine tea leaves).\n\nThey were yummy, but not like OMG Imma effing die this soo goood.  It was satisfying enough to curb our after dinner sweet toofs. \n\nOne big shtick I got about this place is that its circular layout makes it eye pleasing but it makes it a clusterfuck when it's busy. People just don't know where to go, they cut cuz they don't get if there's a line. Also since we were getting stuff from all their stations it was frustrating- the chocolate lady told us to order crepes from the crepes, and go to coffee to get our drinks, etc.....WTH?! Can't you ring up and charge us and ticket them our order to make?! I dont think she knew really what theyre doing....surely you dont have to line up 4 times, but whatever we just figured it's easier to split up and not confuse that lady even more.  Yeah, we 4 split up and lined up in each area. BF went to gelato, I got the crepe, brother got the chocolates and BF got teas. Crepe customers vicious, I had to tell someone to step off their order because they helped themselves to the front of the line. \n\nMaybe I'll try it again if I'm here or Aria when it's not busy, but by all means I will walk by and forget it if it's a busy cluster. Desserts good but not worth having to tagteam to hit all the stations again.