So, as it turns out, I'm allergic to the glue in false lashes. I guess it's a fairly common thing, having a reaction to synthetic glues, but when the skin started peeling off my eyelids (horrible, depressing) I figured it was time I visit a professional. \nI turned to Yelp to look up the address of another dermatologist in Scottsdale that I had visited about a year ago for an acne issue. I was never to happy about this other doctor - office was outdated and kinda grimy, staff was mediocre, however it's convenient and I figured easy to get an appointment as a patient of record. While looking for said other dermatologist, I saw the ad for Dermatique... beautiful office, great reviews, located all of 5 minutes away from my house - Sold. Called around 10am, was scheduled for a same day at 3:30pm. Pretty impressive.\n\nThey are located in the same building as Searsucker restaurant, on the 9th floor. The office is posh. Black leather chairs, lucite tables, chandeliers.. has the feel of an upscale spa\/salon rather than a doctor's office. The receptionist was nice, offered me a water, and assisted me with paperwork. She kept an eye on me so that when I was done filling it out I didn't have to get up from the chair to walk it back over to her. What?? Again, pretty impressive stuff. \n\nThen, I met Phyllis. I love her. It's not easy admitting to a perfect stranger that the reason your eyelid skin is peeling off in itchy miserable layers is because you had a moment of extreme vanity and got eyelash extensions.. But, I told Phyllis, and we laughed about how my mom was right .. \"EYELASH EXTENSIONS WHY?? THAT CAN'T BE HEALTHY FOR YOU.\" -Mom, Sigh. Anyways, Phyllis was super knowledgable, in fact before I came out with the truth on the suspected culprit, she looked at my hands and asked me if I ever do acrylic nails. I don't. But she knew the issue right off the bat, and was very sweet about it all. \n\nEnter, Dr. Davey - kind, prompt, and professional. He didn't have me sit around and wait in the exam room like I swear doctors do just to make it seem like they're highly busy.. (we know, you're important).. He greeted me, pulled up a chair, took one look at my eyes and said \"Yep, I know just the thing\" and that was it. Then, we chatted about our lives while Phyllis grabbed the medication. He is super knowledgable about skin, but also just a really nice human being with great bedside manner. \n\nI'm sure most people feel hesitant about skin issues, as do I. Often they're weird, grody, and embarrassing. Dr. Davey and his staff are warm and welcoming, and should you find yourself with an ugly rash, bump, or mole, Dermatique is the place to visit.