So we went december 2013... but i havent written a review yet and i really deserves it!! I HAD THE BEST EXPERIENCE EVER!! We went to secret garden because we had free tickets... I didnt know what to expect.. so first we saw the Dolphins which was really nice.. then... Im a big fan of siegfried and roy and used to watch a show in my country in holland called bassie and adriaan. they are a clown and acrobat... they in real life were close friends to siegfried and roy and in one of there shows they went to vegas (this was like in 1995) and they visited with siegfried and roy and went with there Cadillac with a white tiger inside and showed images of the show they used to do and there house full with tigers... i never forgot about that and i Always wanted to meet them... so in the park, my friend who is a vegas local said i dont have to expect to see siegfried and roy, they are probably not at the park... which i didnt think either... then came an announcement... although very unusual this day siegfried was in the garden to see his tigers!!!!!!!! i was like, oh my gosh!!! for real??? so we went into the tigers house and there he was... he was soooo friendly.. we talked a little bit about bassie and adriaan and about holland and later about the lions and we made some pictures.. we talked for like 10 minutes... super friendly person... not arrogant or something at all... this was amazing for me as it was one of my childhood heros! as i loved bassie and adriaan... then.... we went on looking at the amazing lions and leopard and white tigers.... i wanted to make a close picture of a white tiger... there is not glass in between just like metal bars or something, and they are like 1 meter apart so you can make really up close pictures... this white tiger was walking very near to the metal bars and i was following him to make a picture... i was focused on the camera and walking next to him... then... once a sudden the tiger turned around, lifted his tale up and PISSED ALL OVER ME!!!! i didnt expected this so i started to scream.. ofcourse now the entire zoo was looking at me getting pissed on and every body started to laugh... just my luck!! my mom was filming the entire thing by coincidence... damn i was totally wet!! he wasnt pissing, he was marking territory, lifting his tale and sprewing something out.....well if you have ever smelled the awefull smell of a teeny tiny cat doing this, imagen this smell x 100!!!! i was stinking all the way!!!!!! i was wearing leopard print pants, maybe this was one of the reasons why he did this.... siegfried told us this meant good luck if a tiger pisses on you... so i didnt hesitate... we went right to the casino... although i was soaked and stinky... and guess what I WON A 100 BUGS!!! and for someone with no luck in casinos thats alot of money!! so if you ever get pissed on by a tiger GO STRAIGHT TO THE CASINO!!