Day spas in Vegas are simply otherworldly. You need to be willing to part with a few hundred dollars in order to enjoy them (heaven isn't cheap), and also make sure to give yourself at least 4 hours of time to indulge. Trust me when I say that you will want to take advantage of every second. \n\nThis spa grants you complimentary access to their day pass facilities with the purchase of any treatment service, such as a massage. You can however come here solely for the amenities, in which case a $50 day pass is all you would be charged. If you are staying at the hotel the cost reduces to $40, or you can purchase a pass good for multiple day use at a discounted rate as well. \n\nMy friend and I had reservations for 80 minute massages and couldn't wait to be pampered. The spa is located upstairs and has a patio that overlooks the Bellagio floor which is gorgeous.\n\nYou have to go through two different reception desks just to get to the actual spa which felt very elite. Once inside they set you up with sandals, a comfy robe, and a locker key for your purse and belongings. I recommend bringing a swimsuit for the cold plunge and Jacuzzis (they have plastic bags you can take it back home in if it's still wet when you leave). The spa areas are not co-ed though, so clothing is optional if you prefer to be in the buff.\n\nThere is no alcohol inside but they have water, tea, coffee, juice, and fruit to snack on. There are multiple plush lounging areas, a sauna, eucalyptus steam room, and state of the art showers with everything you need such as shampoo, soaps, mouthwash, disposable hairbrushes, blow dryers, and lotions. They have a large room with multiple lit vanities too which is perfect if you want to bring your makeup with you and apply it there. \n\nWhen it's time for your service, a staff member will show you to a separate waiting area. That area is outside of the women's lounge, so a robe will be required since men wait there as well. As soon as your treatment is over you are taken back to your respected section, and can then either leave or continue to stay as long as you'd like (I believe the spa closes at 8pm). \n\nWe certainly got our money's worth and left feeling as warm and relaxed as melted butter. It's such a private and serene oasis, that while you're there you almost forget that you are inside a bustling casino hotel. I believe the correct political term would be, blissful AF. \n\nI can easily see how an expensive habit could be created here. \n\nP.S- They have a fitness area you can use as part of the day pass as well if that tickles your fancy. We however were quite content to avoid it ;-)