I'm a little befuddled as to why I haven't reviewed LGO yet. There must be a reason. It's not like I haven't been here yet. As a matter of fact, it's the opposite. I've been here many, many times. But still not inspired to write something. That strikes me as a little odd. \n\nAnyway.\n\nThis is reviewing just the grocery\/cafe part of LGO - the pizzeria deserves its own review some other time. Now, if any of you are familiar with San Francisco, there's a small upscale grocery mart near Dolores Park called Bi-Rite, which is right by the pizzeria for Delfina, which in turn is right by the Tartine French bakery (and also the Dolores Park Cafe). I don't know exactly when LGO opened here in Phoenix, but it seems to have mushed all these concepts together and came up with this establishment. When I first walked in here 18 months ago, I thought, \"This is odd. It reminds me more of home than Phoenix.\" Varied wine selection, high end pasta and sauces, open chaotic kitchen, the list goes on. Except for the bit where they sell useless candy (marshmellow Peeps are and ALWAYS have been nasty ass) and dumb books on how to name your dog or cat (I mean, come on, if you really need a book on how to name your dog, should you even have a dog in the first place?). \n\nBut on the flip side, playing great CDs from the Putamayo record label over the soundsystem is very Bay Area, and when I came across some San Francentric books - cookbooks for the aforementioned Tartine and Delfina as well as Chez Panisse and the SF Farmers Market), as well as SF's 7x7 Magazine, I became even more suspicious about where these guys were getting their ideas from. \n\nUp until this point, I've just described what it's like walking in here. Eating here is another story. There's a small side patio which fills up pronto around weekend breakfast time. No misters over the summer though so I guess people just bake outside, since there's only a tiny smattering of two-tops inside and a couple more out the front door. If you're here for weekend brunch, the line is usually out the door and someone will come by to take your order. A decent selection of dishes, from croque monsieur to healthy all egg-white omelettes, but nothing I've eaten here has ever been out of this world (sometimes bordering on bland). I've never had the sandwiches for lunch, though, and I'm going to guess that they're better than breakfast, but I'll cross that bridge (and maybe edit my review) when I get there. \n\nThat said about the food, the coffee is pretty damn good, I'll hand them that much. However, there is a sense of chaos in the place when you have to pick up your food order from one counter and your coffee order from another. \n\nAs for the scene, well, much can be made of it. LGO is located smack in the middle of Arcadia, and sure you get some uppity folks driving in their Mercedes convertibles, and this seems to be the reputation that LGO is saddled with (for better or worse) - but by and large almost everyone who eats there is just regular and unpretentious (otherwise I would have never returned after that first time). \n\nIn the end, though, I'd say this about LGO: it's a pleasant place to sit outside on a weekend once in a while (if you're lucky enough to nab a table, that is, and it's not too hot). Inside, the store is stocked with a lot of interesting and upscale and sometimes useless stuff you'll probably never buy. The breakfast food is fine, but for me not worth all the effort of the wait and the table\/parking sharking. The coffee, though, is excellent, including their famous Spanish lattes. \n\nHowever, since LGO seems to be one of a kind in the Phoenix metro, many people just keep coming here by default, and I do find there's a lot of unjustified hype about this place. Maybe it gives off a certain \"aura\". Who knows. I just know the next time I go back to LGO, it will be on a random day at 3 in the afternoon, with a parking space waiting (hell, MANY parking spaces waiting for me), no line of people whatsoever inside, an open table indoors, a leftover but complete Sunday New York Times, and an excellent sandwich which is destined for my mouth.\n\nOh, and no Peeps on display. Especially those pink ones. Because they're nasty.\n\nBut I'm in no hurry to be back. There's still the rest of Phoenix metro to explore...\n\n3 stars,