Dearest FnB,\n\nI realize we have just met and I am putting a lot of weight on our first evening together...but I love you.  I have been infatuated before and I know this is so much more than that.\n\nLast night, even as I sat staring into your local produce, the sweetness of your grilled butternut squash still upon my lips, this poem was forming in my mind.  I know it is not original but a take off from the great Elizabeth Barrett Browning of the Romantic Movement.  To me it feels right and fitting that a great sonnet taken from among the best the world has to offer is an appropriate way to enumerate your intoxicating virtues:\n\nFnB, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways.\nI love thee to the depth and breadth and height of your menu\nMy palate can reach, when tasting out of sight\nFor the local produce being prepared in grace.\nI love thee to the level of every day's meal\n\nOk, that's enough romance.  When can I get with you again, FnB?  I must have you from the top of your delicate appetizers all the way through to your sweet and tender desserts.  You plied me with your cranberry infused vodka and zest of lemon, your spiced roasted nuts bursting with flavor again and again.\n\nYour crispy rock shrimp, flash-fried to tender perfection in their light and revealing cornmeal covering are etched upon my mind.  And the jalapeno tartar...you can be a spicy vixen indeed!  Your lovely salad of apple, celery root, walnuts and blue cheese was sublime in it's awakening flavors brought on by the simple vinegary coating, awakening in me the abiding desire to plough through your menu and consume you to your core.\n\nYes, from there it rolled inexorably on to grilled butternut squash with pear and bacon, each bright flavor building on the next.  The fried green tomatoes were a revelation to us both (yes you had us both, you saucy wench) with their tart and delicate interiors exploding through the complimenting dressing and feta cheese with which you plied them.\n\nOh yes!  And your flatiron steak...I don't often play with the red meat team but your presentation, your flavor...purple and cheddar cauliflower, caper and golden raisin salsa verde...enough I say, you overwhelm me with your generosity, you just give and give until...\n\nAnd your desserts!  I tremble at the thought of your chocolate bread pudding, macerated cherries all over with nary a care of what others may think!  Outstanding!\n\nAs if all of this were not enough your service throughout the meal was warm and comforting.  To a member, I felt your staff was there to please me and me alone.\n\nBut, Fnb, as in all healthy relationships, open and honest communication is tantamount to a wonderful and enduring relationship.  With that understanding I have the following constructive criticism.  I had to look deep within to find even the hint of a fault...your fried green tomatoes.  When my mother used to make them they were sliced more thinly and fried in a skillet...this made them delightfully crunchy on the outside.\n\nOh my God, have I compared you to my mother?!  Freud be damned! Just forget that, and forgive me FnB.  I'll be back soon.\n\nIn heartfelt adoration,\n\nJim W