My boyfriend and I spent 5 days and 4 nights at the Aria and the experience very, very bad.  I would NOT stay here again.  Their customer service and attention to detail is horrible even though the cost to stay at this hotel is high.\n\nOur trip was booked as a package through expedia.  My boyfriend called the hotel ahead of time to book my spa services through the concierge.  Because we were booking such an expensive spa package the concierge told us that we may be eligible for a free room upgrade and that we should talk to the front desk associates to see if it could be done.  When my boyfriend spoke to the front desk over the phone they flat out refused.  I told him i would ask when we arrived.\n\nWhen we arrived at the hotel the front desk clerk was surly and unhelpful and when I asked about the room upgrade he offered to upgrade our room, for an additional $70 per night.  He then proceeded to tell us that room upgrades are specials and that they were not having any of them during our stay.  (OK so there is OBVIOUSLY a communication problem going on between the concierge and the front desk.)  We aked if there would be a hold placed on the credit card that was used to book the room.  Normally there is, but BECAUSE the room was PRE-PAID we felt that IF there was going to be a HOLD it shouldn't be for the full amount.  But the clerk assured us that there would be NO hold on the account.  Just to be sure we clarified and asked again.  And he answered 'No, there won't be a hold placed on the credit card.'\n\nWhen we got up to the room, it was VERY 'high-tech' (not in a good way).  We are pretty tech-savvy but it took us a while to figure out HOW to work everything.  Come to find out that one of the light-bulbs in the bathroom were out.  (This to me means that they do NOT check the room after a guest has checked out OR before another guest checks in.)  I called the front desk and they sent someone to fix the light.  For some reason after they had fixed that light, the MASTER switch for the room was messed up in the process.  I had to call AGAIN, and then AGAIN.  My boyfriend had also made a request for something for me in the room that was NOT there upon arrival.\n\nWe went to have dinner at SAGE in the hotel.  The dinner was fabulous but EXPENSIVE at $400.  My boyfriend used his credit card, but it got declined because of a $700 HOLD.  We had asked TWICE if there would be a hold placed and both times we were told 'NO'.  We ended up charging the meal on our room, and proceeded to the front desk.  We spoke to a clerk at that front desk and he assured us that it was a mistake, then he spoke to the night manager about it.  The night manager said that he would have the hold removed BY the next morning.  We also requested a late check-out which the clerk said they would comp because of all of our trouble.\n\nThe next morning my boyfriend called and checked his credit card, the hold had NOT been removed.  So we went BACK down to the front desk and asked to speak to a manager.  We went through the entirety of our issues.  She blamed the front desk clerk who we had at check-in for not giving us the proper information, and said that the concierge had NOTHING to do with room upgrades.  She did waive our resort fee and give us a $75 food and beverage credit for all the trouble, which we accepted.  She also offered to upgrade our room (but we were only there for one more night and moving all of our belongings would have been more of a hassle so we opted out of that).  She said that they would be SURE to fix the lighting issue in our room.\n\nWhen we got back up to our room the light issue was STILL NOT resolved.  The next day was our check out so before we went to sleep I told my boyfriend to CALL and make sure we had late check-out.  He called, and what do you know?? We did NOT have late check-out.  The next morning went to get our boarding passes printed (which is included as a part of the services you pay for through the resort fee).  We were waiting in line (with one person ahead of us) for the concierge to print our boarding passes, when one of the employees pulled us away and directed us to the 'free' computers that we could use to do it ourselves, but the computer wanted to charge us.  So we had to go BACK to the concierge desk and stand back in line (there were now FIVE people ahead of us).  After we had checked out we went to the coffee\/deli area to get food before we went to the airport.  We ended up waiting 20 minutes for confirmation of our food and beverage credit. HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE.\n\nI WILL NEVER STAY AT THE ARIA AGAIN!!!