My interest in this establishment started with the name.  I enjoy French restaurants, and this one was apparently named after a Frenchman who is twisted. Twisted how?  Is he a scary sadomasochist who lures naive diners into his restaurant with his delicious food or is he simply a contortionist who dabbles in the culinary arts?  After surviving a wonderful dinner here without any psychological or physical trauma, I can assure you that he is neither!  Instead, The Frenchman is a gifted chef who puts his own twist on French cuisine with his talent, skill, and a little weird science.  \n\nWe made an early bird reservation through Yelp, and were the first patrons of the evening, well maybe I should say I was the first patron.  Parking is a b#%*h!! in this area so my husband dropped me off and had to park far away at one of our favorite retailers (sssh!)  While I waited for my mister, I received a pleasant greeting from our server who provided a menu and wine list for my perusal and did not laugh when I chose a glass of wine I could not pronounce.  Once my mister hiked over, we discussed the tasting menu.  We did not have time to do the 8 course because we had a show to catch, but there was time for the 3 course. Unfortunately for me, my husband was not a fan of duck as the main course.  So no tasting menu for us :-(  but I did order duck as my entree :-) and he ordered the prime strip. For starters, I ordered the melon and prosciutto salad.  It was cool and refreshing.  And the presentation was so pretty, I could not recognize the type of melon.  My husband ordered a tomato bisque soup.  It was thick and rich, and came with an elaborate piece of dipping bread--it could have been a meal all on its own.  Next our entrees arrived, also impressively dressed up.  And the taste?  My duck was nothing but delicious!  And needing another drink, our server recommended a smooth Boudreaux that certainly made my duck quack. \n\nFor dessert, there were only two items listed, and the description looked\/sounded rather plain. I presumed it was simply ice cream, and I was a little disappointed.  Thank goodness, I was sooooo wrong!  Our server explained the dessert in greater detail, and the layers of flavors sounded so interesting, we ordered one of each--the VANILLA (custard, citrus, blood orange) and FROZEN CHOCOLATE (orange sorbet, strawberry).  Then out come these platters with our dessert and the weird science show begins!  Equipped with a container of liquid nitrogen, our server pours it over our desserts and we sit in a smoky haze watching it instantly freeze up.  As I was still in awe of my newly frozen dessert, our server intentionally spills the rest of the liquid nitrogen on the floor and our toes all get frost bitten!  Just kidding, about the frostbite.  But there really was a spill on the floor that took me by surprise, and was quite fun to see it evaporate into smoke.  The size of the desserts was generous, and so delicious, we had no problem cleaning our plates.  \n\nService was prompt and attentive, the environment intimate and relaxing, and the food wonderful.  Quite a memorable meal.  If I am lucky enough to visit Pittsburgh again, would definitely like to return for the 8 course tasting menu.