I've been coming here for years, usually just to buy a couple of 6 packs that I can't get anywhere else. The beer selection is awesome. For the most part, the service is on point. I've had a couple of instances where I was a little annoyed though.\n\nOne such instance is when I went through the drive thru... I pull up and ask the guy for a 4 pack of Boddingtons. He shrugs his shoulders, gives me a snotty look and asks \"what's that?\" I reply \"...it's beer, dude\" while trying to contain my laughter. I didn't think I was making such an outlandish request. And i know this guy has been working here for awhile. I see him here all the time. He says back \"ok...where is it?\" At this point I'm wondering if he's just having a shitty day or he just took a huge bong rip in the back. I tell him \"in the beer cooler, about 4 or 5 doors from the left. Top shelf. Tall yellow cans.\" In my head I'm thinking \"jeez dude, want me to ring myself up too?\" He goes back, is gone for about 3 minutes, and comes back with it finally. I pay and pull away. No \"Thank You\" or anything. Sorry if I was insulting your intelligence, but you seriously don't know where your own product is located? Does someone else tie your shoes for you before you leave for work? It's not like I was asking for some obscure,  triple hopped chocolate milk stout pale ale from Iran. It's Boddingtons! \n \nAnother time I went in, I was followed around the store by an employee,  literally hawk - eyeing me as I was looking through their whiskey selection. I guess anyone with tattoos and a shaved head is a thief that needs to be spied on. Don't let the looks fool you, I'm not a gang member or an ex con. I'm just an honest alcoholic. \n\nThe blonde ladies that work there need to take a Xanax and chill the f out too. I get it- you probably deal with trashy dudes all day. It's a liquor store in shitty mesa. But if I make eye contact, smile and say hello to you and you don't say hi back, now YOU'RE the trash. Just sayin.\n\nMinus these occurrences,  this place would be 4 maybe 5 stars. The pub downstairs is pretty rad. Always someone friendly running the show down there. And 90 percent of the time the service is awesome.