Please reference to paragraph c before reading the rest of the review.\n\na.) As my friend and I came in we were excited to see all of the funky decor. As an interior designer I thought it was a very trendy funky space so props to the designer. I did think the booths in the center just sitting elevated out in the open were odd... My thoughts are to add a wall and make the other side have a small lip with bar stools. It would make more space for customers since there seems to be a complaint about the wait and add privacy to the awkward booths. \n\nb.) The food... Eh it's just alright nothing to write home to mom and dad about. (Hot taco is also owned by whiskey warehouse, brazwells, slate, etc. if that says anything.) It's great deals on the food but I don't know about you but I would rather pay a little more and get better food and better service...  I was reading the reviews and did get a free appetizer! ( please note the waitress saw me on Yelp. So she had to of known I saw all of the reviews... It's hard not to when there are so many off them). As I continue on The waitress let us enjoy our appetizers for awhile and then I asked if she would take our order when she came back to the table. Her response was, \"can I get some chips for you guys before that?\". She comes back no chips I don't know what the heck happened seemed like an excuse to me not to take our order. \n\nc.) Well i really wasn't going to let any of this bother me until I saw the bartender and waitress pick out a bug in someone's Margarita before serving it to the poor customer. After I had already eaten and had two margaritas for myself!!\n\nd.) Oh wait! I spoke too soon it was going from worse to absolutely terrible when the waitress came back from checking us out and NONE of the cards were mine. So it will have gone from terrible to horrific once my cards are compromised. I did all that I could to keep a smile on my face. The waitress didn't even seemed phased by this. \n\ne.) really wanted to like this place but I am sorry this first timer will never go back. My thoughts are close the place for a week... Train your staff or hire people who care. (Mainly fire the bartender and waitress) and reevaluate some of your menu.