I have to start this off by saying point blank that I am a royal pain in the A$$ when it comes to my 'style' and appearance. NOT because I'm a trend sheep, but because I like what I like, know what I want, and keep steady until I find it, regardless of what the attempted 'trend leaders' try to pawn off on me. Admittedly, my tastes are eccentric, leaning toward 40's, 50's and Rat Pack.\n\nThrough the last oh so many years in again out again in Pittsburgh, any time I saw someone with awesome looking glasses that were within my taste range, and I asked where they got them, the answer was almost ALWAYS 'Eyetique', and my heart would sink, knowing that Norman Child's little endeavor was WAY out of my budget league.\n\nThen, in the last couple of years, I started hearing about 3 Guys, and learned that it was the 'low end' of Eyetique, but specializing in vintage frames.  So, when my eyeballs were finally disgusted by my current frames and lenses, AND my bank account had reached a point that new glasses wouldn't bankrupt me, I investigated...and bought.\n\nMy first guy, Larry, was my frame guide at the Oakland branch (which is where the majority of the vintage frames are kept) and was very nice, although it did take him a little while to come up to speed on 'me' and what I was looking for. Once he really paid attention to what I was saying (and I said a LOT), he really went to work, with the utmost of patience, to really help me find what I was looking for, not just what he wanted to sell me.\n\nThis was a task, and since I'm in my own era, and the bulk of their 'vintage' frames were from the 70's (do kids today REALLY like that Boca Raton housewife ginormous ugly frame thing?), Larry really had to keep trying, and he did, until we found something that came very, very close to the 100% mark that I was looking for. Although in the vintage area, they were lacking, in the make it look right on my face area, we found the right combo.\n\nLarry was also a great guy, good conversation, and made the trip very comfortable.\n\nThe next guy was the eye doctor, who was a young pup optometrist, Dr. John I do believe, who was very complete and friendly, and awfully damned nice to look at, whether in the ' better with this one' or the 'this one' lenses. We were fitting me for bifocals, so this was all new to me, and Dr. John was a pro!\n\nThe 3rd guy, whose name I don't recall, was the fitter, when it was time to pick up the new glasses, also a very nice guy, and did a great job leveling off the new frames, and wrapping up the transaction. My only complaint was that he forgot to give me the little new cleaning cloth for the lenses, and no one ever responded to my e-mail asking for one. However, the lady who greeted me at the downtown store was very nice when I asked for one, and my set was now complete.\n\nAll in all, the 3 Guys I dealt with gave me the look I was after, treated me with respect, and were a great team to work with. If it weren't for new glasses costing the equivalent of a half month's rent, I might go more frequently than every five years when my eyes have gone 'older' and the glasses I wear no longer were doing the job they needed to do.\n\nWhen my last pair of glasses broke during a blizzard, and I was in an emergency situation, I ended up 'settling' for whatever I could find, dealt with Pearle and Sears, was taken for a bait and switch ride, and ended up with a pair of glasses for four years that were never quite right, in look or in function.\n\n3 Guys took their time, and made all of that right, with friendliness and patience. Being in Oakland, they're used to the hit and run trendy young crowd, and had a little adapting to do with an older independent thinker type, and they sailed through that storm with 20\/20 vision.\n\nI highly recommend the 3 Guys stores, and their teams. They actually are helpful and care.\n\nKudos!