We went on a double date the other night to Rokerij.  Funny I'd been wanting to go to Rokerij for a while now, and when we finally pulled up, I realized that I had been before!  (I guess I'm getting old or something and really losing it... I actually had been there once before when I first moved to AZ, not realizing what the name of the place was).\n\nI called to make a reservation a few days before the date and was told they could accommodate our group at upstairs, but not down unless we wanted to wait until 9:00.  Alright then... 7:00 upstairs worked!\n\nWe were celebrating our engagement and our friends' being pregnant, and we had the perfect booth; kind of a half circle shape.  Lindsay was our waitress and took good care of us.  The atmosphere is dark but warm and cozy... perfect to walk into on a cold night!\n\nWe decided to start with a few of the small plates to start... (both guys in our group are big eaters). They let me choose one of them and I chose the stuffed mushrooms - they are stuffed with crab meat and were delicious.  They also chose the spareribs (which I tasted and were quite tasty) and the bacon wrapped scallops.  \n\nFor entrees, Jared and I took advantage of the $36 special which included our choice of meet, 2 salads, and 2 side items.  I chose the entrecote and probably would not choose that again.  It's a bone-in ribeye and was way too fatty... we enjoyed our spinach and Rokerij salads and our sides of broccoli and asparagus.  I probably could've just had the small plates and salad and been just fine.  We took home leftover meat for Minnie, so she was a happy dog that night!\n\nInstead of ordering dessert, we walked next-door to DQ - can't go wrong with that!\n\nOverall, I'd say our experience was 3.5 but I'll round up for now because Lindsay was a great waitress and we had fun with our friends.  I'll overlook the fact that one of the bussers spilled steak juice on me when delivering our entree... I won't rush back but I'll keep Rokerij in mind for future gatherings with small groups.