horrible experience! i have stayed at numerous hotels and i have not been to a hotel is this bad! and i dont know how this hotel still can sustain as a  four star hotel. to me it is worse than any inn. let me explain why i said so\n\n1. the entire hotel room and hotel is out of date. everything in the room is so outdated. i am not sure how this hotel can survive in las Vegas with this kind of accommodation quality\n2. the water is not warm enough which made me felt like i was taking a semi cold shower. it is definitely a torture to me bc i believe a nice hot shower at end of day can refresh my body and obviously this hotel cant provide that.\n3. the faucet sink was dripping and i could not completely shut it off. i called the maintenance person to fix it and when i came back from my trip the person did not completely fix it. that is just waste of water.\n4. asked to have shower cap and razor and the guest service told me to purchase at the gift shop. i have never been to a hotel where they wont provide complimentary shower cap. i could understand no complimentary razor but shower cap.. seriously? especially after charging a resort fee!!\n5. warning!! ppl there claimed to offer free show ticket and free breakfast if u attend a timeshare presentation\/promotion tour. it stated that it only last 90 mins and no pressure to purchase a timeshare condo. it is a LIE!! we thought it was a group presentation but it turned out to be one person who was talking to us for three hours. and if we didnt cut them off at the end they could go on for four hours. and they definitely want us to put down a downpayment for a timeshare on the day of. i found it to be annoying bc even though we told them that we were short on time and had to be at somewhere at this time, they still kept talking even after exceeding the 90mins. and the salesperson kept asking us questions to make us to say the answers that they want to hear for the entire THREE hours. i felt like i was being interrogated and manipulated. seriously, just stop asking me questions. it was definitely a torture for me and my husband. word of advice if u are not planning to buy a timeshare on the day of the presentation, dont waste your time.\n\ni would never want to come back and stay at this hotel ever again. this hotel truly sucks!