It started off rocky here for us as well... Similar to Kayla's comment... But it started out rocky doesn't mean anything because it stayed rocky! My initial yelp review was extremely positive who knows - maybe it's because I didn't have to deal with them that much for 6 months.... Well, long story short: My fiancé Nick and I have requested maintenance tickets every month almost regarding piping and leaks etc in more than one area: with no resolution.... Then one night a pipe\/hose broke behind the washer. One of the maintenance tickets we had requested along with the guest bathroom toilet and sink. Which all leaked.... We kept getting responses like, \"tightened\" or \"cannot find source of water....\" Really?!?! Well it got to the point where my entire town home unit flooded!!!! And ruined all my wood furniture, upholstery, ceilings, walls, light fixtures, shoes, clothes - I'm talking everything!!!!!! In looking at filtered reviews, I realized I should have read through them because I'm experiencing the same problems! They threw my clothes in the bathroom and my expensive jacket, Louis Vuitton purse, tori burch shoes, Burberry scarf, etc. on the way floor- closed the bathroom door and let it sit there for 2 weeks now! It smells last nasty mold all over!!! It took them 6 days to start venting the place properly. Even no it's still wet everywhere! I had to try and contact the manager for about a week and everytime you ask for corporate they give u the operators name! They very well screen all their calls when u have an issue! The repairs are still not completed, and I'm going to take further action if things aren't fixed. I came last night to check our home out and they missed areas of walls that was ruined... Today I come to check - they painted over it! Like that's really fixing the issue?!?! They didn't replace the carpets either. In addition they left my unit a mess, dust, debris, ceiling particles all over the place, my furniture ruined....everything. At this point according to the Arizona law they have a certain amount of days to comply and they failed on that part, they failed on meeting our accommodations upon moving in, our place wasn't cleaned and the carpets werent replaced! They even have documentation of severe allergies I have and what's going on town only makes me go right back to severe allergic reaction mode.... This is material noncompliance and negligent behavior. Not too mention they never provide updates, what's been fixed, what hasnt, whether Mold inspector came out or not, or even simply when they were in and out of my unit. They even told me it's not typical protocol to move a tenant into a different unit - I wasn't even trying to break the lease or anything. Now I'm requesting my rent back, them to pay the water and APS bill, and reimbursement for all personal damages despite the lease language as it was their negligence that led to this... I'll keep you Yelpers posted.\n\n\nOh fyi you can hear everything through the walls. Every argument, laugh, talk, bAthroom use, and when your neighbors have sex! Awkward!\n\nUpdate: flood number 2 in a matter of 18 days! C'mon guys! Clearly they didn't fix the problem!!!!