Not for the faint of heart... So you are fairly warned. This is an \"outlet,\" the granddaddy of all Goodwill stores. All the leftover double unwanted stuffs are rolled out in big blue shallow plastic bins with zero organization.  Shoppers are provided a roll-y bins the size of a trash can lined with a big black trash bag.  Everything clothing is $1.39 a pound. That included shoes and belts and purses. Household items, books and other individually priced items were 50% off. \n\nI stopped by on a cloudy Saturday afternoon before new year. The place was packed. At first I observed the madness, then I decided to just join in on the treasure hunt.  Here are a few tips:\n\n1. Don't even think you can possibly dig through everything, it's impossible... keep your focus on finding the good stuffs you want, and don't worry about what you might have missed\n2. This is where you muster out all the years of trained shopping skills.  Eyes have to be sharp to recognize nice material, where that Ann Taylor shirt's corner is peeking out from under 5 layers of junk. And know your size... At least know how to eye what may fit or not.  \n3. Do NOT under estimate the power of scanning, as in while you're walking from one bin to another, or simply overwhelmed and need a freaking break, hey, just look around, something may catch your eyes \n4. If you are not in a mood to be near any unruly kids, you may want to wait for another day to come here.  Last thing I want to see is your mug shot on local news: \"Yelper attacked little brat when toes got ran over by baby stroller\"\n5. In fact if you don't think there's an ounce of entertainment value in seeing adults attacking big blue bins digging for what they think is gold, this place may not be for you.\n\nAll in all, it was an experience to say the least.  I walked out with $9 (about 6 lbs) worth of goodies, which included a pair of brown leather heels (barely worn), a pair of Express dress pants, 2 sweater tops (one Old Navy, one NY&Co), a denim skirt, a pair of jeans (which didn't fit well ... I didn't know if there's any fitting room... but I didn't try on anything), a maxi cotton dress, a clutch purse, and 3 belts. Yes, that's me bragging.