I chose this restaurant to celebrate my birthday dinner with two of my girlfriends and I was extremely disappointed!!! I should have gone with my gut and gone to Olives or Tom Colicchio's restaurant instead!\n\n    It took about 10 minutes after us being sat for the waitress to finally approach the table. The restaurant did not have enough paper menus and they tried to play it off by giving us an iPad that did not have the entire menu on it. When we asked for menus they gave us one and said \"they are looking for more around the restaurant\". We finally ordered cocktails for the table and thinking that by ordering \"Giada's Signature Cocktail\" it would have the cute\/fancy \"G\" that you see in the pictures. Nope, it didn't. When we asked why it was not there the waitress replied, \"They lost the G and haven't had the chance to find it\". The drinks took awhile to even come to the table and the waitress said that the bartender is backed up so she went behind the bar herself and grabbed the bottle of wine to pour the glass herself.  Perhaps she shared that information to get a bigger tip? It was awkward. As we were looking at the menu I asked for bread to be brought, her response, \"We normally bring that after we pull the menus but sure I will have Jacob bring you some\".  \n\n   We ordered the pizzette to start, it was boring and bland. They have a \"tasting menu\" but the waitress didn't even explain what it entails. However, we did see the dessert cart going around. However, you can only look and order from the cart if you have ordered this tasting menu. For our entree we actually all ordered the same thing, the spaghetti with the shrimp. The waitress described the dish and it sounded so delicious and was a favorite on the menu so we just had to try it. It was $32 for the dish and believe me, nothing to write home about. We expected a lot more and were left once again, disappointed. \n\n   Then our waitress brought the dessert menu. The espresso drinks were $13 and up and the desserts didn't really appeal to us. At first we ordered espresso and I asked if I could order the lemon ricotta cookie. On the menu they have \"Giada's favorite cookies\" which is a variety of cookies. I told the waitress that I wanted to just try the ricotta cookie and she said, let me ask my manager. At this point we were so over being there for hours, the slow service, awkward flow of the evening, and unimpressive meal we just wanted to get out of there and grab our espresso at Starbucks across the way! I decided to walk over to the waitress to cancel the espresso order and she responded, \"Oh man are you sure? I spoke to my manager about figuring out how to charge you for the cookie and he said that he would just take care of it! We know you chose us to celebrate your birthday and we want to do something special for you!\" I was like wow that is nice at least, we will take the cookie but still cancel the espresso. So then the cookie comes out on a special plate that says Happy Birthday and it was a good cookie, pretty much the only decent part of the entire meal. \n\n   Then we get the check, there are not enough pens for the table, not surprising seeing how the evening played out. When we looked at the bill they charged \"Open Food $2.00\". THEY CHARGED ME FOR A BIRTHDAY COOKIE AFTER THEY SAID THEY WOULD TAKE CARE OF IT. WHO DOES THAT?! We just spent $190.00 on our meal and you charge TWO DOLLARS for a cookie?! \n\n   At that point it was the icing on the cake and I was officially over Giada and her lack luster restaurant. We will definitely not be coming back here! If you want to spend a lot of money for extremely slow service and an unimpressive meal than be my guest but I highly recommend staying away!!!!!!