Pretty choked last night with all the \"sales\" staff I encountered. Apparently Macy's ( or the bitchy useless employees I had the misfortune of having to deal with ) don't want sales. I tried 4 times to pay and nobody wanted to take my money. \n\nIt was 1045 and they announced the store was closing, and to take final selections to sales associates to pay. I had some Free People clothing I wanted to buy to the girl at the cash desk directly across from Free People ( the girl had straight orange hair & glasses ) earlier I saw her chit chatting about her personal life with another girl. They did not greet me nor offer assistance. That was no problem- I can pick out my own clothes, but now it's time to pay, and self check out is NOT an option\nI ask her to ring me up and she said \"No - she's cashing out\" I was using my Macy's card- so it shouldn't make a difference - but no ! She wasn't going to do it.  \nThen another girl with super thick eyebrows and caked on makeup came up and I asked her what was open that would ring me up. She just stared at me. \n\nSo now it's 1050 and I am instructed once again to find the nearest cash desk to pay for my items, I ask these two twits if I can bring my clothes down to cosmetics to pay ( as I need to pick up some stuff ) and they just shrugged me off. \n\nSo I go downstairs to Lancôme. The girl didn't greet me or even look up. I knew exactly what I needed. I asked if she could help me and she said no. \nShe was \"cashing out\" I said I needed some things but she still made no effort whatsoever to help me. \n\nI said how do I buy my Lancôme ? She just mumbled something about going to Mac!  Didn't ask me what I needed, just ignored me. I was livid by this time. I had a few hundred dollars of clothing, and wanted two to three hundred dollars of cosmetics and NOBODY would help take my money ( well credit card that is ) \n\nBy this time it's now 1055 and saw that Mac was closed and the only other lady in cosmetics was at the door going to the mall and was standing there waiting to close the doors. Left with no choice I just left my stuff in cosmetics and went to find my husband. I needed the wifi to contact him but the lady at the door wanted me out and even lied and said there was NO wifi in Macy's ?! \n\nOh yes, I showed her I was on the Macy's free wifi. She just closed the door and I saw it was only 1058. I was so upset at this point I was pretty much shaking. The mall was closed, I lost the wifi and had no clue how to exit the mall.  What was worst - was that I never got what I came to the mall specifically to get. I was planning on flying out the next day, so it was important that I got my things that night. \n\nThe customer service was so lacking it was pretty much straight up to rudeness. These people refused to take my money. No wonder so many people are using online shopping instead of going to the mall. Stores are closing down. This is why. I knew what I wanted and nobody would give it to me. It wasn't even a case of selling me anything - it was just ring in my stuff ! And they couldn't even do that. Sorry Macy's but this is inexcusable.