I had higher expectations from this place since they had 4 stars but I was a bit disappointed. I came here for a late night dinner at 11:30 pm with my boyfriend because we wanted some pasta. This was just one of the few places that were open late. \n\nFirst of the hostess was not very welcoming. I never really pay attention to stuff like that but I came a long way from walking around the grand canal shoppes. I was ready to get seated.  One waiter got our drinks right away and ten minutes later a nice waitress took our order.  We ordered crispy calamari, the beef wellington and shrimp scampi. \n\nThey gave us a basket of bread and butter. Of course I dig right in. This bread was the worst bread I have ever had. Do not get me wrong, the flavor was there but the crust of the bread was so tough! I could barely chew it! It seemed like old bread that has been reheated. \n\nThe calamari was a 30 minutes wait but it was good. Not the best I have had but good.  The main entrees took another 30 minute wait. I was a bit agitated at this point but I was happy about how the food looked.  \n\nThe shrimp scampi was okay.  The pasta was cooked perfectly and the shrimp was yummy!  The sauce on the pasta was way too sour.  I was not a big fan and neither was my boyfriend. \n\nThe beef wellington had a side of rainbow carrots, Brussel sprouts, and mashed potatoes.  The steak was cooked perfectly medium rare. It had a very good flavor but sadly it was way too salty. I couldn't finish eating the second cut of steak. I never usually complain about the dish but I could not take how salty it was. I was downing so much water because my mouth was getting dry. I was highly disappointed with my meal.\n\nI give one star for the kind waitress. The wait and food quality was not her fault whatsoever.  I give a second star because the sides on the beef wellington was really good! They were all cooked perfectly and the mashed potatoes were to die for.  And the shrimp on the pasta was also delicious.  \n\nI'll give another try one day but hopefully they improve the food quality.