The worst Vegas experience EVER!!!\n\nWe ventured to Hakkasan this past weekend against all of the warnings we had been given by locals we know, friends who had visited, and from local bartenders, etc.  We were in and out in 30 minutes and that 30 minutes nearly ruined all of our buzzes for the entire night.\n\nTo begin with, we were on a guest list.  Yep, so was EVERYONE else.  The line for the guest list was about 20-25 minutes long.  It appeared that the general admission line was nearly empty.  Very odd set up.  Anyway...we finally get up to the front and with the guest list we were on the girls got in free and the guys paid $40 per person (4 guys...so $160).  \n\nOnce paid, you have to wait in another line for the elevator...or take the stairs.  Our group somehow got separated as me and my husBAND entered the elevator.  We went up and waited about 7 minutes for the others.  They came up out of breath and said they were told only the table service peeps could take the elevator and the others had to take the stairs.  Eh???  I just took the elevator and did not buy a table.  Whatevs.  We are all together now so started exploring.  \n\nExploring is one giant cluster of stairs.  Dark stairs!!!  Not just a couple of stairwells, it's like a freaking rat maze of stairs located all throughout each floor.  We finally made it to the top level where we thought we wanted to be and it was so dark and so loud that we were miserable.  Oh, we finally got drinks up on this level and 1 person bought a beer and 2 waters and his tab was $28.  Another person bought 2 drinks, 2 waters, and a beer and the tab was around $50.  We decided to locate the hip hop room located on the bottom level.  MORE FREAKING STAIRS!!!  We finally made it all the way to the bottom floor and the room was insanely packed and insanely hot!  We all looked at one another and didn't even say a word.  All started heading back toward the stairs.  15 minutes passed as we tried to exit.  Freaking ridiculous!!!\n\nSo, 25 minutes wasted in line, 30 minutes total wasted inside with about 20 of that climbing and descending stairs, and about $240 thrown away for an absolutely horrible time!!!  As we exited we noticed the entire guest list line we had waited in had been shut down...in the 30 minutes we were in there.  Eh?\n\nWhatevs...we texted our guy at Hyde and headed over.  Hyde was AMAZING and totally made up for the crap start thanks to Hakkasan.\n\nSo, in summary, Hakkasan is a big fat NO!!!