So this is Las Vegas, it's not uncommon to get back to your hotel room at 5 am and want to sleep until 11 in the peace of your hotel room. NOT TODAY! At 8:30AM a TEST of the emergency alarm system very rudely awoke me and my girlfriend with a LOUD broadcast of \"this is a test of the hotel emergency alarm system, an alarm will follow this message, we apologize for the inconvenience.\" Then after about 2 or 3 minutes of listening to this message repeat itself, THREE(3) workers barged into our room (after a very quick knock) while my girlfriend had her clothes off. I am not exaggerating and I am not making this up.\n\nThe \"this is a test...\" message went on for about 10 minutes at a decibel level that no one would ever choose to endure. At that point we honestly couldn't take it anymore and went down to the lobby to discuss the matter with the hotel staff. I'm not sure how long the message repeated itself but we were downstairs for about 20-30 minutes when we came back up and it was off.\n\nNow, I understand that these tests have to be done. I understand these tests might need to be done early in the morning because they have a lot of rooms to cover (although a notice the day before would have been nice). And I understand that they need to come into the rooms (although knocking and waiting for us to get dressed and answer the door ourselves would have been nice). However, if you're a business (a BILLION dollar business), you have to be prepared to compensate your patrons for this SCHEDULED inconvenience. When I spoke with the hotel staff behind the desk, i was met with a rather apathetic attitude and they offered only a late checkout and a free breakfast (about a $40 value).\n\nObviously I was upset but I felt this was far from any acceptable compensation. Had I known this ahead of time, I would have made different plans. And in the future I will be making different plans from staying at the MGM Signature. I was hoping for a much more classy experience from this hotel.