Barre Las Vegas gets a solid 4.5 stars from me. I got a Groupon back in April and just recently started to use it. It was $45 for ten classes, which is a steal considering that one drop in class is usually $20. I definitely feel the endorphins after class is through! As a former dabbler in ballet, I definitely can see where the technique's influence is drawn from. The classes are low impact, but you must have some athletic inclination to do them. I really enjoyed using the Groupon and wish I could continue to afford the classes!\n\nThey offer a variety of class types. The basic class is MIXT barre, but there are variations on the classes for higher skill levels. I only took the MIXT classes with a variety of teachers--some teachers are awesome, others are a little lacking. The best in my opinion is Sarah who teaches on Sunday mornings. She's got the best energy of all the teachers, and also the most helpful with corrections if you aren't doing the movement correctly. Highly, highly recommend taking a class with her!\n\nSocks are required on the carpet, and they recommend wearing socks with little rubber grips on the bottom. I, too, recommend socks with little grips on them, because one day I wore socks without grips and i couldn't stay up during the plank exercises. They also do not allow shorts in the studio.\n\nA couple negatives: some of the teachers do not spend equal time on the left and right side. Sometimes I would end up being more sore on one side of my body than the other. I didn't feel like I \"meshed\" with some of the teachers, but that is like any part of life, I suppose. There were some teachers I didn't feel gave me the best workout possible. The biggest negative for a recent-college-grad-part-time-job-holder like me is the price. Without a Groupon, for me, $20 per class is prohibitively expensive. They do offer packages as well -- like the special going on now, $399 for 3 months unlimited. However, it is just not in my budget. \n\nI am keeping my eye out for another Groupon or deal, and may eventually break down and buy a package. I enjoy it so much but my wallet does not!