I've been meaning to write this review from the moment I walked in that bar a few years ago...I was new to the south west area of town and generally I don't go into a bar unless I know someone that works there...I heard a thing or two about \"Sago's\" (it's said \"SAY-GOES\", for the record) from a few coworkers and figured I'd check the place out. \n\nI pulled into the very easily accessible parking lot, walked inside and grabbed a seat. I had never been there before so I wasn't quite sure what to expect. \n\nI walked in, grabbed a seat in the middle of the bar, and within a minute of me sitting down, one of the bartenders came over and greeted me right away, she introduced herself as Heather, and took my drink order. I put a $20 into the machine, and she then began telling me about all their wonderful gaming promotions they had going on. Generally, in Vegas, I've found that if you walk into a bar for the first time and aren't a regular, or aren't with a regular, you get the cold shoulder. That was not the case at all with Sagos. \n\nI was about halfway done with my first cocktail, and Heather asked if I wanted another one, then presented me with a food menu if I was hungry. I'll get into the menu and great food in a bit. The bar was pretty steady, and they had two bartenders on. I personally loved that because it seemed as though everyone was taken care of. As I was looking over the menu, the male bartender, came over, introduced himself as Aaron, and asked to take my food order. \n\nI wasn't sure what I wanted to eat...there is so much on the menu, wings, fingers, fries, quesadilla's, nachos, salads...tacos, burgers...pasta...sandwiches, wraps...so much to choose from...Aaron threw out a couple of suggestions, then I finally decided to order the \"Western Bacon Chipotle Cheese Burger\" He let me know the food is made to order, so it'd be about a 10-12 minute wait. He refilled my drink and wished me a little luck on my 4 card keno....before I knew it, the food was out and I was eating the best burger ever. Seriously...it's my absolute favorite. \n\nThe burger was amazing...thick burger, with cheese, topped with a giant onion ring and Chipotle BBQ sauce.... \n\nBoth Aaron and Heather came around a few times to refill my drink, make sure I was doing ok with the food and everything else. Things couldn't have been better....after a bit, it was time for me to venture home. \n\nAaron and Heather did an excellent job of making me feel at home and just like a regular. Needless to say, I made Sago's the only bar I ever set foot into for the entire time I lived in the south west. I've since moved to Henderson, and seldom stop into Sago's, however when I do show up there, the service is as great as it was the first time I stopped in there. \n\nIf you're looking for a place to go in the south west area of town, Sago's is definitely the spot.