Having gone through my ups and downs with The Black Pig when they were at their old location on West 25th Street I have to admit that I was reticent to pay them a visit in their new digs (the former Light Street Bistro). My last experience at the old Black Pig was, to put it mildly, a disheartening disappointment. Below average on all counts. Well, I guess I finally managed to get over the sting because I recently found myself, once again, wandering under the Black Pig signage.\n\nHave you ever had a dining experience where everything went so well that you expected to be shat on by a bird upon exiting? I'm talking about something that hardly every happens, something so rare that you can only be snapped back into reality by an action of equal and opposite quality? That's what happened to me when I was here with my wife on a recent Saturday evening. Sometime around 6pm, if memory serves.\n\nI can't be sure, but the innards of the restaurant appear to have remain relatively unchanged since it sailed under the Light Bistro flag. This isn't a bad thing, as I rather like the dark woods and brick thing going on, just an observation. If it ain't broke, right? We were shown to a seat in the main dining area by the windows up front. I love it when I get a seat with such awesome natural lighting. So good for Yelpie picture taking. Another bonus, the place was just lightly populated and pretty quite. Two more gold stars.\n\nOur server, where to begin. Lenore was a delight. Pleasant, friendly, knowledgeable, charming. And I'm not talking about all of those things being painted in your typical \"I'm a server so I'm trained to act this way\", she seemed pretty damn genuine to me. I almost wanted to invite her to have a seat with us. Let's just say that she is an asset to the establishment and a role model for all looking to make a career of hospitality.\n\nThe menu is an exercise in culinary brevity and it's filled with dishes that you'll want to eat. Everything is made in house, and I mean everything. All of the food that we were served was beautiful, clearly plated with love and an eye for composition. I'm not one to wax poetic over how my food's arranged on my plate, but damn. Zacharian would be proud. As for the potent potables, let's just say they're made with the same attention to detail as the edibles. The beer list, as concise as the menu itself and unfortunately lacking a draught offering, still managed to keep the beer geek in me happy with a 21st Amendment Hop Crisis DIPA and Dogfish Head Festina Peche.\n\nWe started our dining experience with an order of bread paired with the house cheese plate. Holy soft, glutenous, seedy warm, smear some butter on me goodness. This bread was so fresh I thought I'd be forced to backhand it. The cheese plate was a bit like eating our way around an artist's palette. Crispy baguette and flat bread, a dollop of honey, sweet candied nuts, cranberry mostarda, and bits of cheese ranging from uber funky blue to slightly sweet and nutty gruyere. \n\nMy wife thoroughly enjoyed her order of wild mushroom agnolotti. Folded and crimped house-made pasta pillows filled with earthy wild mushroom puree served with sauteed chanterelle and straw mushrooms, ridiculously fresh English peas and a sprinkling of fresh Pecorino Remano cheese. And butter. My god, the butter.\n\nBut the star of the evening, no question, was the short rib entree. This was a dish so good I starting dreaming about it while I was eating it. A dish so good that it has food all across the greater Cleveland area and as far north as Toronto rethinking its very purpose. When there's something this good, why even bother trying? But it's only short ribs, what's the big deal?\n\nTwo baseball-sized blocks of short rib cooked perfectly. Wait, perfectly doesn't do them justice. This meat was cooked like I'd imagine how Odin would cook meat. It was so tender that it laughed at me when I picked up my knife. Perfectly caramelized and glazed in a sauce with a flavor so deep James Cameron wants to dive it. Sure, the asparagus was nice - fork tender and slightly charred - and the roasted fingerling potatoes were just crispy enough and the pea puree as smooth as a Luther Vandross ballad, but the meat. If cows knew about this meat they'd want to eat it. Get the short ribs and you'll know what it must have been like for Jules when he opened Marcellus' briefcase.\n\nThere's really not much more that needs to be said here. If you need me I'll be over here basking in the after glow.