Whenever I check out a new place, be it a restaurant, store, or service provider, I always sort the yelp reviews by date, with the most recent first.  Good reviews from 3 years ago are not as helpful as good reviews from 3 weeks ago.  Ditto for bad reviews.\n\nIf you sort the reviews for this shop by date, you'll see the 3 most recent reviews below this one are all 1 star, and all for similar reasons: customer service, or lack thereof.  This review is no different.\n\nI am currently in the market for a new mountain bike.  I've done my research, talked to friends who are bike enthusiasts, and I've looked around a few places.  Really, all I needed from Slippery Pig was to get my frame size double checked, and to answer a few questions about some subtle differences between different equipment setups between Cannondale models.  If they had provided those answers, they would have made a sale.\n\nIn the past 4 weeks, I stopped by the shop 3 times.  All 3 times, my entry, browsing, and lingering presence went unnoticed.  I was ignored when the shop was somewhat busy (acceptable), but also when there was only one other customer.\n\nI understand that the guys can get busy, or can be distracted, etc.  But how hard is it to get a simple acknowledgment or something like \"Hey, we'll be with you as soon as we can\"?  I've gotten more acknowledgment of my presence from strangers in a stadium men's room waiting line than I did from the staff at Slippery Pig.  How hard is it to at least give me a head nod, or even look in my direction?  Actually, I take that back.... I watched them all look at me, but then not say anything.  I even got acknowledged by another customer as I fiddled with price tags, but nothing from the sales guy standing between us both.  Unbelievable.\n\nWell, needless to say, I will not be spending my hard-earned money there.  I wish I could opine like other yelpers about their aloof attitudes, or their knowledgeability, or service.  Sadly, I can't because Slippery Pig never had me at hello.\n\nIgnore me once, shame on you.  Ignore me twice, shame on me.  Ignore me three times, get 1 star on yelp.