We had an office party of 25 people at Toby Keith's this past Friday.  The service was ABHORENT!  Absolutely the stupidest and rudest wait staff I have ever experienced.  First, they would not seat us until 10 of our party had arrived, so we literally loitered around the hostess podium for close to 20 minutes.  Drink orders were not taken or even offered.\n\nWhen we were finally able to convince the seating Nazi to get us to our table (it was before 5pm, and there were maybe four other tables occupied in the dining room) they led us to a looooooong table that streched over 20 feet and was being blasted with afternoon sun.  When we asked the waitress if she could put down the shades she said, oh the sun will go down in a little while.  My boss was not impressed and immediately took it upon herself to start rearranging the tables, since asking the staff for help was like talking to a car bumper.  A crowd of waitresses with looks of \"Um...oh my gawd!\" stood around and watched us as we moved the tables our selves to accomodate better conversation.  No one offered to help, or even get the manager.  And when the spikey-haired Restaurant and Hotel Management Flunkie did finally show up, we had to literally point out that look, we are going to be drinking and eating all night, with 25 people!  How about a little service to warrent the $1,400.00 tab (which is what it came to, not to mention the additional $700 that was dropped in drinks later in the evening).\n\nWe had a good time, but our group could have a good time on a park bench.  The people-watching once the evening crowd showed up was a sight to behold.  Everything from real bone fide cowboys to Country-Fried Cougars to your usual douche bags and trollips of the Valley bar scene.\n\nThe food was meh--think county fair meets Cirle K in terms of fried fat content--I would have liked to have tried the Deep Fried Twinkie.  The Texas Tea, which is basically like a Long Island Iced Tea with Shiner Bock instead of Coke, was decidedly watered down.  Or I'm an alcoholic and and drinking paint-thinner doesn't phase me.\n\nI wouldn't EVER go back.  This place couldn't be any more corporate, which is especially sad since the service is so poorly executed.