Dinner was a disaster!  I would NEVER go back!\n\nWe ordered Caesar Salad to start.  The dressing was flavourful, but overwhelmed with garlic (In a bad way!)  I love the garlic in the Caesar salad at Jacob's & Co.!  But this was ridiculous!  And the so-called croutons were dozens of tiny cubes of stale and dry Wonder bread!  But that was not the disaster!\n\nThe nightmare began after the waiters cleared the appetizers and the wait began! 10 minutes....  20 minutes... and the steaks were nowhere to be found!  After 30 minutes, we asked a waiter where the steaks were and he claimed that they were being plated, as we spoke!  5 minutes later, a different waiter brought out a complimentary \"scallop\" for each of us, as the steaks were going to be delayed further, he confessed!  I don't know if the dish presented was a scallop or not, as nobody at our table would dare touch it.  The dish contained something swimming in what appeared to be a coagulated milk sauce and it had the most foul and pungent of stenches - like the smell of dead fish in Lake Ontario on a bad summer day!  A few minutes later, the untouched plates were removed and there were still no steaks in sight!\n\n40 minutes had passed since our salads had been removed!  And our steaks were nowhere to be found.  Ridiculous!  \n\n45 minutes came and went!  And then the steaks finally arrived - cold, mixed up and not as ordered!  Those who ordered sauce, didn't get any!  Those who didn't want any \"au jus\" found their steaks covered in it!  I had ordered the Ribeye, done \"medium\"!  It was served freezing cold and beyond well done!  It was like of piece of shoe leather.  One of my dinner guests had ordered her steak \"medium well\" - And it arrived cold and bleeding like it had been freshly slaughtered!  It was so rare, it was almost blue!  These two steaks had to be sent back, as the others at our table forgave the sauce mix ups.\n\nThe waiter was very apologetic and clearly recognized that the two steaks had been very wrongly cooked.  He took them back and promised new steaks immediately.  We waited another 25 minutes before the second round of steaks appeared.  And they were cooked wrong again!  My medium steak was blood rare and my friend's \"medium well\" steak was medium rare, at best!\n\nI would never go back and would never recommend this restaurant to anyone!  Some of the staff were great, but we never had the same waiter or waitress twice in a row.  They kept sending different servers to deal with each course and each issue.  Some of the staff could barely speak English and could not understand simple questions.  At the beginning of the evening, one of the servers, who brought us an hors d'œuvre, referred to them as a \"bush-bush\", instead of an amuse-bouche, and did not know what she was serving, when asked!\nAll in all, it was a disastrous evening and a genuinely horrible meal!  And I still cannot get rid of the over-powering taste of garlic in my system from the Caesar Salad, even now!