I've been going here for almost a year and a half. Im so done! Let me tell you, every time I go, I worry about the last minute surprises when I go pay because they keep doing add ons without telling me before hand. My last visit I was disappointed. I had to pay double for hair correction each were $85. Ok, that was understandable but its not what they told me over the phone .So total is 170. I told the stylist I didnt want to go over that fee. I made that clear because I barely had enough with me. Then I got two different assistants to rinse my hair at different times. Didnt like that. Then one of them blow dried my hair. She was bad! I asked her how long she's been there, and she said only three weeks. I know a bad stylist when they are blowing out my hair and part of my hair isn't  blown out well and still damp. I had to tell her, its still wet on top of my head. I just wanted to get up and walk away. Once done, I went to pay. The front desk said, your total is 200! I'm like, why??? She said I had 2 color correction each costing 85.ok I knew that, but what's the $30 from? She said, oh for the conditioning treatment. I responded, I told her I'm on budget, why she had that as an add on? I was not notify. Yes the stylist did tell me she added the treatment in the color but she never told me that that was an addition! I was livid!! For that I could of had her do an olapex treatment. Bottom line, I couldn't even leave her a good tip because I was short. Now I'm going to Scottsdale and have a male stylist take care of my hair. I feel like you don't have 101 with them. You always have to call in and speak to a 3rd party person who is not in front of you to see your immediate needs and tell you exactly what your fees will be. Every time I go in, I'm paying an arm and a leg. I'm going back to my old days were I had a male stylist take time on me, does my hair from begining to end, meaning blow dry it and style. Someone who knows your hair like the palm of their hands. I can't stand assistants, that's what dolce offers, unless you want to pay your stylist $25 more to blow dry it.\nBottom line, if you want more of a personal hairstylist who can talk to you face to face, and is upfront with the fees, search somewhere else. I liked them at first but I don't love them enough to continue using their services.To me, I feel like they are more about making money and spend less time with their clients. You don't feel well taken care of. Honestly, I don't care if I have to drive from chandler to north Scottsdale to see a well worth it stylist. I rather do that and pay a great tip ( because im a great tipper)and get great quality service than paying over $200 of my hard working money and get treated like nothing!\n\nBTW, you have 14 days to go back to get you hair redone free of charge IF the color didn't set in correctly or if it changed color from the time you did it. You just pay for a tip. I just found out about this. But they won't tell you this of course. Wow! \nAnd they gave me a hard time when my colors didn't come out right. I wish I knew about this sooner!\nMoving on to better service. Too overprice!