Incredibly disappointed with this place! It was like anticipating an amazing sexual experience with someone only to have it be the worst sex you've ever had. So bad in fact that you are too embarrassed to share it with your best friend.  I've had equal quality food at my local McDonald's and our server( I'll refer to her as Kail for short) counted have been ruder!\n\nMy husband ordered  the\" tempura shitake mush & as\" as a starter, although he enjoyed his veggies; the tempura crunches were the only thing I enjoyed about this meal. Our waitress however, apparently didn't think I was worthy of picking off of his plate because she grabbed it while my hands were on it & picked it up & away while I was still eating.  I ordered the truffle fries, they tasted like they were frozen and reheated. You could smell small hints of the truffle oil but tasting it wasn't an option. Even the grated cheese was flavorless. I ended up throwing them out, $6.00 for fries that tasted worse than eating a bag of frozen fries out of the dryer down the drain :( \n\nI also ordered their mac & cheese with BBQ brisket. The noodles had little to no flavorless cheese on them  and were over powered by the seasoning (possibly oregano or parsley) . Now there's al dente & then there's undercooked; mine were sooo undercooked I might as well have eaten them out of the box . The brisket wasn't any better, it was dry and flavorless as well. You couldn't even taste a small drop of BBQ sauce. I had my husband try it and he agreed that it was bad...possibly due to the large amount of disgusting grease hidden under the noodles. I wanted to send the fries back but our waitress never gave me the opportunity. \nWe also split the date shake- just vanilla ice cream & chopped up dates; for $5.50 I expected way more. Again, flavorless!!! It was really lacking & could've used some cinnamon, honey or even some chocolate to give it some wow factor but nope. \n\nOut waitress on the other hand was easily the worst part of the meal (Kail)! She was inattentive, very obviously annoyed and cut you off before you could say anything. Either by walking away or ignoring you. She often turned her back before you could ask or comment on anything and quickly walk away. I could throw the word unsanitary in there as well to describe this young blond brat. The reason being that I ordered their ginger beer  (the worst I've ever had!) and had it sitting to my side next to the wall. She reached over all of the food without even asking if I was finished with my drink and grabbed it from the mouth of the bottle & was taking it away before she realized it wasn't empty. Thankfully, the majority of it had been poured into a glass that was garnished with none other than an very old wedge of lime. Then Kail brought us our bill and when I opened the little black book it comes it there were two bills- one for us & one for another table that wasn't even hers (Ryan's  was the servers name  on this check). When she went to take it I tried to tell her that another persons bill was in the booklet but she turned her back on me and walked away- never apologizing or saying anything at all. She wasn't worth the generous tip my husband gave her- a complete b**ch! \n\nAgain, have no idea what all the hype was about . If you want amazing truffle fries, Darby's on 59 has the best!!! And their servers aren't spoiled  little girls but polite adults- just saying.