Always an epic meal. I returned 4 months after I first tried the ham from the shack appetizer. It's still a great dish, but they have cut some corners which unfortunately downgrades it from my previous review where I thought it was the dish of the year. Last summer they would bring an entire cured pig's leg tableside and crudely carve the prosciutto-like strips in front of you. This gave you nice uneven chewy pieces with a good distribution and ratio of meat to fat. You could see the knife marks on the meat and every bite was absolutely mesmerizing. This time, the carving was done away from the table. From the way the meat was all uniformly sliced, it seems they used a deli slicer on the thinnest setting. I find there is less flavour this way. It's still a great dish, but they would have to revert back to the old way of preparing it table side for this dish to reclaim its former greatness. \n\nIn other news, I tried their onion soup which after Gibby's, is certainly one of the best in this city. Extremely rich, and drowning in french cheese, this soup is done right. My wife's burrata was also modified since the last time we visited. Last summer it came with delicious cherry tomatoes and blueberries. This time, it was accompanied by a tomato toasted piece of bread and more of the same sugar shack ham of which we already had an abundant supply at the table. It would have been nice if they told us that the same ingredient was being repeated in two appetizers. We would have ordered differently. Nevertheless, it was still delicious.\n\nFinally, despite my intention of having the duck in a can or the plogue a Champlain, I noticed they had a tartiflette on the menu. I've been hunting down this dish ever since I first heard of it on a cooking show years ago. Basically, it's supposed to be a scalloped potato casserole filled with cream and bacon in a pool of melted french cheese. PDC's version had the whole thing backed into a pie crust. It was exceptionally rich and delicious even though it had less cheese than I expected. At 38$, it is served in a huge portion and so I opted to have it as my main course, even though I feel it is better suited as a side dish. I would have like to see it offered in a smaller portion at 18$ so that it could reasonably accompany another main course. The problem is that PDC has too many good dishes! It's a good problem to have. \n\nFor dessert, we shared one of the most epic apple pies I have ever tasted. The apples had been given some very loving treatment in which ever ounce of sweetness and richness was coaxed out of them. The crust stood on its own in all its flaky glory as all decent crusts must do. Topped with their maple ice cream, this was the final straw in the food coma that is inevitable with a visit to PDC.\n\nOne gripe which I noticed last time is that their wine and champagne menu is absolutely off the charts in terms of price. We had been pre-drinking some prosecco at home and wanted to continue down that road. The most inexpensive bottle of anything with bubbles is in the neighbourhood of 130$. That's their bargain basement. The prices explode into the stratosphere from there. I'm not a wine expert and therefore, this sort of investment is not only ridiculously overpriced, it goes largely unappreciated. The champagne was great, but at nearly 175$, certainly not 10 times more enjoyable than the 17 dollar bottle I had earlier in the evening at home. I looked around the restaurant and noticed quite a few people drinking beer. I suspect, it's not because they really wanted to pair beer with this already heavy food, but rather, it's the only reasonably priced adult beverage served. It won't stop me from coming back though. As I've mentioned before, your best bet at this restaurant is to pre-drink and then take it easy during the meal. The food is so heavy that alcohol cannot compete with the duck, foie gras, pig, butter and other animal fats and oils with which your body must contend.