First off let me start by saying that I was in the mortgage industry for about 6 years. I have been out of it for quite some time now but I do still have some knowledge on how the process works. \n\nIt is not easy to choose a lender, especially if you know your deal might be a bit complicated such as mine was. I have 5 companies. My file was probably 6 inches thick. If you are a lender, this usually isn't fun, especially if they don't know how to read self-employment tax returns. \n\nI found Lizy online based off her reviews. I'm a true believer in peoples' opinion and expression on their experiences and she had 5 stars on all of her reviews. Granted there were only 5 reviews but it is much harder maintain 5 stars with fewer reviews on yelp and don't you think if someone out there did have a terrible experience they would have posted something about it? Especially the emotional roller coaster it is getting a home loan. \n\nTo not drag this review on too long, I will briefly give you some of the details. I provided Lizy the details of the loan and I was under a time crunch. I had 30 days to close with probably no possibility to get the contract extended. By the time I had all of my information to Lizy and signed initial disclosures she was able to submit the loan with 11 business days until close. Yes, 11 days, not an exaggeration. I stayed on top of everything. If she needed it I got it to her. I was not going to be the one that messed this deal up, this is very important if you are getting a loan. Get your docs to the lender ASAP! We ordered the appraisal and they rushed it. Little did I know, the closing docs had to be signed and in escrow 3 days before the loan was to be funded, so this put more pressure on Lizy and her team. The loan was submitted on 8\/14, they had a loan approval on 8\/21 with only 2 loan conditions! This is what impressed me the most. Lizy has the knowledge and experience to know what the underwriter will want for each loan. I have never seen this or experienced this. I always had a laundry list of conditions when I was in the business (must have been a bad lender). I got her what she needed on 8\/24, she had final approval and loan docs out on 8\/27 and I signed on 8\/28, 3 days before funding. Now I need to also give Andrea Pace credit too! She helped a ton at the end along with the rest of Lizy's team. They hit all the dates that needed to be hit. Vicki Johnson the Area Sales Manager was also a key player involved in my deal. \n\nIn closing, everyone needs to understand that the entire process is not enjoyable. It is a love\/hate relationship most of the time with anyone involved. The fact that I had a lender that had the knowledge to exceed my expectations is why I will use Lizy for all future financing needs. I highly recommend her and her team. If you can get qualified for a loan they will get the job done!