For their second location, Off The Strip decided to open...on the strip. Located in\/on The Linq Promenade, Off The Strip can be accessed either through the casino or from outside on the promenade walk. If you're looking to get seated for a meal, you'll probably want to make your way over to the entrance closer to the promenade side. The hostess table is setup there and it looks like they use the casino side as more of an exit. Inside the restaurant is much smaller than I expected, and it was really dark, but there seems to be enough seating throughout to accommodate steady traffic. \n\nWe ended up coming here for my wife's birthday and having never been to their other location, I wasn't super familiar with what they offered, but I had them bookmarked for some time and have looked at the menu before. But when we arrived, we were given a menu completely different then what I'd seen online with the other side of it being the old menu that had been crossed out. For her birthday, she wanted a steak and there was none to be found. After asking our server, he said there were \"specials\" available not on the menu, 3 of which were steak dinners and the other a pork chop dinner. All the special menu items were priced at $39.99 and served with one side.\n\nFor an appetizer, we started off with some Marinated Olives and the Three Wise Hummus tray. There were 3 types of hummus alongside vegetables, feta cheese and pita bread. Out of the 3, I enjoyed the roasted garlic and kalamata olive hummus best. Both were smooth, creamy and added a different flavor to one of our favorite snacks. But the whole tray overall was pretty small and we had to ask for more pita, making the apps $15 price tag feel a bit heavy. The olives were priced much better at just $8, but about the only thing they seemed marinated in was vinegar and salt. After just a couple olives, I was eating them just to finish the bowl since no one else at the table liked them. \n\nMy dinner choice was the Grilled Mahi Filet priced at $24. It was served over a bed of red quinoa, beans and drizzled with balsamic dressing. For the most part, the dish was okay up until I got about half way through the fish. I realized they hadn't fully deboned the fish after I got stabbed in the cheek. When I find things in my food, I usually stop eating it, but I realize with fish it can be easy to miss bones. But after picking through the other half I had, there were 6+ bones still in there. I can't say I've ever found bones in a mahi mahi at any other restaurant, but if you know the fish, they have big long bones. After finding that many, I was done and pretty surprised the kitchen could overlook something like that. \n\nThe service we had was decent, mostly attentive, but we had to ask for refills and simple things a few different times. And when we informed them of the bones in the fish, no one bothered to even offer an apology.  \n\nLuckily, the wife had much better luck with her steak and enjoyed her meal. But even with them being on the strip, I can't see the prices being worth it for the quality of food. Being that the other location has gotten such great reviews for quite a while, I might check that one out, but I'll be staying away from the Linq location.