Do not, I repeat DO NOT ever come here if you want simple services like an oil change done. I made an appointment on Saturday to come in Monday morning to get my oil changed since its a three day weekend for me. I made the appointment for 8 am and arrived about 7:50 am. I waited for a service rep to come out and told him I had an appointment for an oil change at 8 and he said he would take care of me. \n\nI proceeded inside to the waiting room where other customers were patiently waiting as well for their various services to be completed. I sat an occupied my time while waiting. About 45-50 minutes later, I decide to check and see how long it would take. I glanced and thought I saw my jeep still sitting in the drop off bay so I asked someone how much longer it would take. Everyone seemed lost about who's keep it was and another rep told their co worker that I was the one who owned the Jeep still waiting. They told me that they didn't know whom it belonged to. I was irate when she told me this because I was sitting in the customer waiting area the ENTIRE time and not one service representative came by to ask who's jeep it was. \n\nI asked the woman how long it would take now that they figured out how to do their job and she continued to tell me that you don't have to make an appointment for an oil change it would be an hour and if I had time still to wait. I immediately told her that I had already waited an hour and that it was ridiculous that nobody could walk 20 paces to the back area to check. She said she would take my vehicle back right away to get worked on and asked if I wanted a car wash (because waiting even longer is something I wanted to spend my morning with on my day off)\n\nNeedless to say, I will not be coming back to this service center due to convenience. I had originally purchased my vehicle at the Henderson location, which is out of my way compared to the east Sahara location, but never had to wait this long and there were always service reps coming into the customer waiting area to call out customers. I could definitely be back home and in bed again by now.