Food - 4 star\nService - -3\n\nWe stopped in for a few appetizers in the late afternoon.  Maybe 2 tables, 3 people sitting at the bar...not busy.  Oh, but the entire staff (about 6 or 7) was at the end of the bar talking the ENTIRE time we were there.   We sat at the bar because we were on a bit of a time crunch.  \n\nAcknowledgment......acknowledgement....ackNOledgment....a c k  n  o   w   l    e    dgmennnnnnnnnnnnnntttttttttt...And we've got it!  Bummer...just wiped down the bar in front of us.  Didn't ask if we wanted anything to drink, menu, nothin'.  About five minutes go by, I raise my hand like a little school girl.  \"Could we get some water please\".  Another five minutes go by...I REALLY don't want to interrupt the popular kids from their recess chat but for the love of god puck drops in 55 min!  I raise my hand like a little school girl again.  \"Could we order some apps?\".  Another 5 minutes goes by.  Now I'm frustrated because the popular kids at recess are still ignoring me!  I raise my hand again.  \"Could we order some beers?\".  Word to the wise servers at Bonefish, NEVER judge a book by it's cover.  Just because we weren't dressed up doesn't mean we aren't good tippers or even the sausage kings of Chicago.  Plus, you do know you are working at a chain restaurant....no need to be snooty or snotty.  \n\nFood came out fairly quickly.  It was quite good.  I would recommend the Bang Bang shrimp with a side of the sweet chili sauce that comes with the mac & cheese bites.  The mac & cheese bites were kind of blah until you added the chili sauce. There were quite a few things on the menu that I'd like to try.  Their bowl looked good as did their chicken, of all things.  I'm not much of a fish eater but some of the meals look pleasing.\n\nWasn't until we were almost done when the bartender (one of 2, by the way) came by and asked how everything was.  I was quite excited that I didn't have to raise my hand again to ask for more water.  Oh wait, my husband did...He filled my glass but not the one sitting 6\" away.  Final hand raise - the check.  Not once did he ask if we wanted another beer.  Way to upsell buddy!\n\nThe final straw to this poor, poor service was what was overheard said by one of the bartenders.  This is not a direct quote, but you get the gist:  \"We need more experienced bartenders here.  But where are we going to get them?  Chili's?  Outback?  Olive Garden?  Those are just pretend bartenders.  They don't know what they are doing.\"  As my friend Johnny said:  Dude, when I think \"mixologist\" I'm definitely not thinking of a bartender at Bonefish.  And given the HORRENDOUS service we received, and the fact that I actually know some of the bartenders at those locations, it might be beneficial to Bonefish to actually hire those bartenders because they have more experience in their little finger than the current bartenders and could bring people in because they know people in the hood.  Plus they are friendly, attentive, non-judgmental and actually know how to make a drink.  Gosh, I even hired one of them to bartend for me.  Best hire in a while. \n\nWe MIGHT be back in a few months.  Maybe then they might have their stuff together.