Mio Dio, this review is LONG overdue. I am so lucky that these guys are so close. This is one of the places I like to go when I am missing Europe. These charming little spot oozes Neapolitan charm from the atmosphere to the mouthwatering pizza, salads and pasta.\n\nThese guys are definite top contenders for best pizza joint in The Valley in my opinion. Don't get me wrong: I LOVE Bianco, The Parlor and my beloved Bocce up in Cottonwood, but there is something about this place that really stands out for me and I think it is the European atmosphere.\n\nLisa E. dragged me in here one weekend and I am eternally indebted to her for that. The first thing I noticed it that I heard a LOT of Italian being spoken-ALWAYS a good sign!\n\nI had the Pomo, what can I say, I'm simple and predictable. It was like having fresh meat and veggies, fresh cheese and savory sauce on a fresh baked crust sent from heaven. I'm not a pizza guy, I will NEVER suggest going out for pizza but these guys are an exception. Their pizza is not too heavy which is how a lot of pizza places utterly fail and the freshness and quality of ingredients is what really sets Pomo apart. \n\nI've also had the lasagne bolognese. Again, I'm not a huge fan of lasagne again because it is often so damned rich and heavy. Pomo pulls it off brilliantly AND they give you so much that you have lunch for tomorrow!\n\nThey have amazing salads which are huge and full of lush, fresh veggies and their bruschetta is to die for.\n\nLastly, their coffee kicks ass. This is what really takes me back to Europe: amazing, AUTHENTIC Italian Espresso. I WISH these guys were open in the morning because I would come here for coffee EVERY DAY!\n\nThe space is great: they have an awesome little bar and a patio for the months when it's nice outdoors and some counter seating where you can watch your meal being prepared.\n\nIf you haven't been here, put Pomo on your 2015 list to check out. If you're from out of town, these guys are not to be missed!