I stopped by the 21st Street Coffee $ Tea for a simple iced coffee on a busy Saturday afternoon on the strip. There were two young men in front of me. One requested the darkest coffee possible with a shot or two of espresso. He was told by the barista that it wouldn't taste that good but the very cordial young man said that was what he wanted and please do as he requested. Begrudgingly the barista rung up his order. The other young man with him ordered iced coffee with soy milk. The barista told him that he shouldn't have the soy as he wouldn't like the flavor. This young man said he liked soy but he would go along and just have plain coffee with ice. I ordered an iced coffee figuring I'd add my half and half and sweetener later.\nThe first young man was given his two espresso shots by a person who seemed to be the owner in an espresso cup. I looked at the owner and said that he wanted this shots in his coffee, what is known as a \"red-eye\". The owner said that the coffee would not taste good with the espresso in it and it should be drunk the way given. The other young man said that he was just going to stay without his soy. I requested milk and was told that I should drink my coffee black. I told the owner that I did not like black coffee. I was told to taste it first. I did taste it and I then said I still wanted milk. I was then given a large milk container, one that I assume they use for milk in lattes and cappuccinos, not the size you would give to a customer. I then asked for sugar and was given a container of sugar that was kept behind the counter.\nReally! Who are you to intimidate paying customers? We are not attending a coffee tasting. We are not paring coffee with what we are eating. We are not purchasing an exceptional coffee. Should you want customers to taste the coffee at what you think is at its best then put out samples for us to try. Shame on you to intimidate your customers to the point of not allowing them to have what they have requested.\nI call for a boycott of this coffee house, especially since Marty's is now open and has a wonderful coffee bar with coffee tastings with local roasters. Let's go local and not be intimidated by coffee elitists that seem to forget that they're on the strip. Or, maybe they do and they feel that they're going to \"educate\" the masses that are are unfamiliar with specialty coffee roasts. Sorry folks, I am well educated in coffee and if I want a simple iced coffee with milk and sugar to go with my \"Peace and Love Little Donuts\" purchased next door (and which still will be next door after they move) then give me my darn iced coffee with half and half and sugar.