My buddy Gabriel had told me about this place.  They have a bunch of them in El Paso, TX and those are the ones that he had been to.  Lo and behold, they have one here in Phoenix.  I was nearby and decided to stop in and try them out.  Some good, some meh.  You will see why in a bit.\n\nI pulled up to the place and walked inside.  The first thing I noticed were the ladies making homemade tortillas....good sign!  Second thing I noticed was how crowded it was.  Tons and tons of family having Sunday dinner there.  There was a line of about 10 people deep which was good because it gave me time to browse their menu.  Its freaking gigantic btw.  It is almost sensory overload.  They have breakfast items, combo items, individual items etc.  It was kind of a clusterfuck.  The main premise of everything is that they have about 6 kinds of meat you can pick from and then you can throw those in different plates, tacos, burritos, quesadillas etc.  I decided to go with the \"Quatro Tacos\" which is 4 small street sized tacos with your choice of either steak\/carne (I refer to it this way because on the menu, it is listed as bistek.  When I asked the cashier, she referred to it as carne asada.  Same thing for the most part but if you are wondering why I am referring to it as 2 names, that is why) or adobada.  I went with 2 steak\/carne asada and 2 adobada in corn tortillas.  I also went with a steak\/carne asada quesadilla in a flour tortilla.  That and a regular drink came out to $14.80.  \n\nAfter I paid my bill, I wandered over and found a table.  On my way to my table, I noticed their huge salsa\/condiment bar.  This thing had EVERYTHING you could imagine.  Onions, cilantro, radishes, cucumbers, peppers,  3 or 4 different kinds of salsas etc.  It was well stocked.  I also noticed they have free unlimited chips!  They have a huge warming bin with a couple of giant spoons\/scoopers so you can grab your endless amount of chips.   I stocked up on salsas and chips and then took a seat.  \n\nIt took awhile for my food to come out (15 minutes or so) but it was busy so I understood.  The lady finally brought it out and placed it in front of me.  Here is how everything tasted.......................\n\nQuatro Tacos ($7.49)-  I went with 2 carne asada and 2 adobada.  These were super small street sized tacos.  They were presented nicely with some lettuce garnish (didn't eat any of it though) and were laid side by side.  I put some onions, cilantro and avocado salsa on an adobada taco and dug in.  First thing I noticed were the homemade tortillas.  They were absolutely delicious.  They give you 2 small ones on top of each other.  Some of the best taco tortillas I can remember eating.  Now for the meat....meh.  It was too soft.  I like crispier adobada.  This was like chunked soft adobada.  The flavor was alright.  Not great, not horrible.  Definitely edible but far from great.  Next up I tried the steak\/carne asada.  Loaded them up the same way as the adobada.  The meat itself was kind of meh again.  The steak had lots of gristle in it and it just wasn't seasoned properly.  It was plain old beef.  Throw some salt and pepper on that bad boy!  Season it up, son!  The tortilla was great, the meat was just alright.  Better than Taco Bell\/Del Taco \"steak\" but nowhere close to as good as legit Mexican places that serve carne asada IMO.\n\nSteak\/Carne Asada Quesadilla ($3.99)-  This thing came out wrapped up like a burrito.  A little odd but whatever.  I got this thing on a flour tortilla...once again, homemade and absolutely delicious!  The quesadilla was a little small though.  It was almost like a taco with a layer of cheese in it.  I noticed that the steak\/carne asada was in larger chunks than my tacos.  Once again, the meat was a little chewy with bits of gristle and it wasn't seasoned well either.  It tasted like plain beef.  The cheese was good though and it was decent.   Don't think I would get this again.\n\nChips-  Winner!  The tortillas here are AMAZING!  Whether its in a taco, quesadilla or chopped up into triangles for chips, the tortillas are on point.  The chips were warm, thin, crispy, salty etc.  My favorite part of this meal probably.\n\nOverall, the food was about a 2.  The homemade tortillas bump it up to a 3 though. Put it this way, if I was in the area and someone suggested we eat here, I would not say no.  I would try some other meat and try out something else on the menu.  If I woke up at my house in Surprise though, I would not specifically drive down here to eat.  The meat needed to be seasoned better, it took awhile to get my food, plus it was not cheap ($15.00).  The tortillas were so on point though.  They were FANTASTIC!   Yes, they were that good.  I could eat those things all day long.