I've passed by Casa Don Juan Summerlin a bunch of times, but just got to try it on for size tonight.  And it fit!!\n\nThere was no wait - we eat late, and were led to a very small booth right away.  If we had stayed there, the food would have had to sit on our laps.  But it was no problem to change to a table so that the food and my purse could be comfortable.\n\nOur waiter, José B., was excellent.  He brought Herb a taste of the draft Modelo Especial, and before we ordered he brought him some of the mole sauce to taste, too, so he could see if it was too sweet, as it often is at other places.\n\nWe enjoyed the bean dip and salsa that came with the complimentary chips.  The dip was warm and the salsa just spicy enough.  The chips weren't the best I've ever had, but they were fine, and unsalted, the way I like them.\n\nI had a decently priced glass of wine with a fairly generous pour, and Herb's $2.50 Modelo was a bargain.\n\nI ordered the fajitas and was able to combine chicken and shrimp for $14.95.  I don't quite get why some of my fellow Yelpers find the prices outrageous here.  There aren't many Mexican restaurants that sell fajitas at this price, and they always charge more for shrimp. (There is a $2 upcharge for choosing the steak and shrimp combo).  Moreover, the amount of meat, especially the shrimp, was enormous.  It came with frijoles, rice and guacamole.  As usual, I forgot to ask for regular beans rather than refried.  I had expected just a thimbleful of guac, but the portion didn't seem that much smaller than the one ordered as an appetizer by some nearby tables.  In contrast to some other reviews, the fajitas arrived sizzling, the onions weren't overly caramelized or disproportionately overabundant, and the lettuce was fresh, too. I took home half of my dish, along with all the tortillas, rice and beans that I couldn't finish.\n\nMy husband's mole, so often thick and gloppy, was a much lighter version here, and red, rather than dark brown.  It's definitely not as rich, but that's a good thing.  There are many different kinds of mole, since each region in Mexico claims a different recipe as its own, and it was nice to see that it wasn't a copycat of every other place in town.\n\nWe sat in the Frida Kahló room, truly a shrine to that artist, but really, the whole place is a feast for the eyes.  Authentic Mexican decorations abound, and it made me yearn for the days when I'd visit that country sometimes twice a year after my three summers in school in Guadalajara.  I asked a busboy if I could steal one of the big Mexican people sculptures lined up on a pony wall; he said he wouldn't tell, but the camera trained on them would record it.  Oh, well, my purse wasn't big enough, and besides, they were bolted down.  I checked.  :)\n\nWe really enjoyed Casa Don Juan and look forward to returning.  My only complaint was that José couldn't tell me how to say \"draft [beer] in Spanish!