Ladies and Gentlemen, one of the best brunch\/lunch places is closing for good by the end of February.  What place am I talking about?  It's called Hoof Cafe.  It's a nice little cozy place that's been drawing in crowds since it opened its doors.  But let me repeat myself, it's closing once the month of February is over.  So PLEASE visit if you get the chance to.\n\nAngela (my girlfriend) and I decide to drop by Hoof Cafe as we've been trying to find time to go together.  And I have to apologize to my readers and everyone for the little time away; works's been hectic and I've been doing a lot of OT.  The minute you enter the place, you can smell the aroma and you get the feeling that this is the place that good food lives.  It's a little place that can probably only seat about 25 people or so and it's definitely gets crowded quick.\n\nWith the news of this little place closing its door to expand, the wait has even surpassed the regular crowd.  The wait for us was about 45 mins and the waitress apologized for the wait.  She even said, with us closing people have been coming non-stop.  So let's get right down to it, once seated we ordered the Brioche French Toast with Foie Gras, Suckling Eggs Benny, and the Tongue Grilled Cheese the minute we were seated.  \n\nOnce our food arrived, we tried out the french toast with foie gras and mannn was it good.  It was fluffy, moist and tasted great.  Now, Angela liked how the foie gras complimented the french toast.  I on the other hand believed that whether the foie gras was there or not, because the french toast was cooked soo well, you would have enjoyed it regardless.  A very good start!  We tried the eggs benny next and MANNN this was even better.  That's right, even better than french toast with foie gras... can this be?  Ohh but it was.  Just about everything about this dish was unbelievably good.  Not only was it cheaper, but to me it's probably one of the best if not the best I have had in the city period.  What a meal I'm starting to think.  Next was the tongue grilled cheese, now this was good but not nearly as good as the rest.  I wasn't sold on it as maybe for me I was expecting more cheese, but don't get me wrong.  It was good, but just when you compare it to the other two.... it just couldn't compete.  The winner on the table was definitely the Suckling Eggs Benny.  Both Angela and I hands down agree on that.  \n\nOverall, I really liked Hoof Cafe.  And I'm saddened to see it go as it's definitely a great place to stop by for a nice brunch or even that late weekend lunch.  And it's definitely has a nice little feel that you would want to bring a good friend or that special someone there.  The price isn't horrible at all so it won't kill your wallet unless everyone at the table ops for the Brioche French Toast with Foie Gras.  But you sometimes have to pay for quality and at Hoof Cafe, it's worth the price and the wait.