In Proper, I've found yet another great restaurant for pre-show dinner in the Cultural District, and another great wood-fired pizza place downtown.  (As usual, Yelp comes through again!)  I visited for dinner last night prior to seeing the Book of Mormon at Heinz Hall with a friend, and it didn't disappoint.\n\nBased on other reviewers' advice, I suggested that we start off with an order of the bacon candy.  This didn't take much convincing on my friend's part, since he's a major bacon aficionado.  His verdict, and I quote, was, \"This is the best bacon I've ever tasted!\" I haven't been to bacon night at Harris Grill, but he has, and he claims this bacon puts theirs to shame.  For my part, I can only say that I fully endorse his statement about it being the best bacon I'd ever tasted.  The flavor was rich, smoky, and complex, with the perfect salty\/sweet balance.  Should you pay Proper a visit, I highly recommend that you try it!\n\nFor our entree, we decided on the pesto pizza, which, in addition to pesto, is topped with Roma tomatoes, caramelized onions, bacon bits (the real kind), and mozzarella, with a generous sprinkle of freshly-grated parmesan cheese.  While the flavor of the toppings was good overall, I concur with Jason F.'s comment that some bites that included only one or a couple of the ingredients tasted strange, since not all of the flavors could meld together as intended.  Additionally, the pesto was a bit different than my friend I had envisioned--it was rather concentrated, and dotted on the pizza, rather than having a creamier consistency and the spreading, as we'd imagined--which made its flavor overpowering at points. On the positive side, the flavor of the caramelized onions was good, and added a nice note to overall flavor the pizza.  (This is a really positive endorsement from me, since I usually dislike onions and was considering removing them.)  Also, unlike one of the other wood-fired pizzas I've tried at another restaurant downtown, the crust was a bit on the thicker side, and was crispy throughout, so they did a good job cooking the pie.  The bacon plus one pie was sufficient for the two of us, b\/c we didn't want leftovers since we were heading to the show afterward, and it worked out well.\n\nIn addition to the food, my friend and I both ordered the cider snap, a seasonal cocktail that includes apple cider and vodka.  It was sweet, but not overly so, and we both enjoyed it very much.  (I particularly enjoyed the piece of sugared ginger that came with it as a garnish!)  It definitely made for a great start to the meal, and complemented the bacon candy well once it was served.  My friend also ordered an IPA--I forget the exact name, but it was the hoppiest one on the menu, according to the waitress.  It actually turned out to be a bit too hoppy for my friend, but he ordered it at his own risk, in light of the waitress's verdict!\n\nIn the interest of time, my friend and I opted to sit at the bar--we were able to find two seats at the far end without a problem.  We enjoyed the ambiance, which includes exposed brick and ball jar \"shades\" on the lights dangling from the ceiling.  Service was efficient, and we had no issues making it to the show on time, even though we arrived a bit later than we'd planned.  One more thing: My friend left his sunglasses on the bar when we left.  Ironically, just as he was describing his tendency to lose sunglasses to me, as if on cue, a waiter caught us on the corner and returned his sunglasses.  For that alone, the service gets a 5+ star rating!