Izakaya Go is undoubtedly my most favorite Japanese restaurant in Vegas. I come here all the time after a draining day of work to unwind and enjoy all the delightful tapas. It's almost to the point where you can find me either working, sleeping at home or eating at Izakaya Go. After +20 visits here, I felt that I should list some of my favorites for those that never visited, or for people who are looking for something new to try here. \n\nSince I come here late at night, I like to order from their Happy Hour Special (10PM to close every night!). California Poke Roll is my favorite out of all. Half-size but for $3.50, portion is generous and it is delicious. \n\nFishes they use are uber fresh. If you follow them on Instagram or Facebook, you will know that this place gets fresh fish from all parts of the world. For that reason, I recommend their sushi and sashimi. My personal favorites are salmon sashimi, fresh halibut roll, salmon avocado roll and Philadelphia roll. \n\nCurry is surprisingly good here too. Just like Zen Curry, you can add toppings to it and also adjust the spice level. I would say that curry here is better than Zen curry. Generous portion, reasonable price (cheaper) and delish! \n\nIf you are starving and can't decide what to eat, go to the back of the menu for their combination plates. You choose your main dish and it comes with small dishes on the side, rice, miso soup and salad. My personal favorites are their karaage and tempura. My friends enjoy their katsu and salmon (specifically the salt flavored). \n\nIn addition, their special menu has all the good stuff! Baked mussel is my current favorite right now. Must order! Their uni pasta is another good dish-creamy and rich uni flavor. I also enjoy their pork kimchi with jidori egg. Pork cooked with kimchi and poached egg on top. Kimchi adds a little kick to it and this alone with a side of rice is enough for me sometimes. \n\nSupport your local business! Top-notch food, attentive\/friendly service and a restaurant that makes you feel at home. What's not to love about that? いつも美味しい料理、ありがとう！