As a young Asian female, I often feel a certain dread that I'm being taken advantage of when it comes to car issues (maybe I watched too many \"20\/20\" horror stories about abusive businesses). However, Kirby's Firestone is a true diamond in the rough--one of the few consistently honest, competent auto services I've had the fortune to find. The people who handle customer service are very knowledgeable and straightforward in terms of life-threatening issues vs. inconveniences that can wait. \n\nIf you're a UIUC student, keep an eye out for Kirby's Firestone employees selling special promo packages at the beginning of fall semester. Last year, I purchased a package (costing around $75) that entitled me to oil changes that averaged $12 per visit, in addition to lots of discounts for various services. It was an undeniably smart investment. I never worried about checking my bank account before an oil change--I just showed up, presented my coupon, and had the work done without any fuss or aggressive pressure to buy other products. By comparison, I'd shell out nearly $70 for every oil change at Jiffy Lube, where they always threatened that my car was on the brink of disaster unless I replaced a dozen things.\n\nI also have positive experiences from the times I've asked Kirby's for repairs:\n\n- My Chevrolet has a common ignition security issue that the dealership offered to fix for about $700 (I almost threw up). When I took in the car for an oil change, I asked Kirby's for their price and they estimated $300. Woohoo! They worked with a local locksmith to make new keys and parts, and my car was finished the same day.\n\n- Recently, my car developed weird \"clunking\" sounds. Kirby's identified the issue and fixed it. When I picked up the car, I noticed some additional rattling noises. I'd usually hesitate to bring it back since I've been burned by other mechanics in the past. (\"Mo' problems, mo' money.\") However, as soon as I returned, the mechanics took it into the garage, looked at it again, and had me on my way in 30 minutes with a happy car--and no additional costs tacked on.