Definitely a thumbs down. Not going back. Mediocre food. Customer service was not good. I don't normally give bad reviews but this place took the cake for me. Shaking my head on how bad the customer service and food were.....We were driving by this shack and my husband said, \"hey I'm starving, let's get some food...how about that place? I said, well the last time we were there(2 yrs ago) we looked at their menu and walked out, but why the heck not, let's give it another shot. I ordered food to go since my baby was still sleeping in the car and we didn't wanna wake her up. Few minutes later she woke up so my husband decided that we should it at the restaurant instead. so I asked the host, she said I'll ask the manager. The host was nice and friendly that's why I gave this place 2 stars.\n\nSo my husband left to go to the bathroom. I sat down and waited. Then I overheard this lady saying to the host \"to go is to go\" she wasn't happy about it she acted like a b*tch! She finally came up to me and so I said we can't even even seat down and eat here instead? Then she said it again...well did u order it to go? I said yep, then she said ......to go is go and I said yeah but we are starving and we want to eat here.\n\nShe looked at me for a second and said okayyyy in an annoyed voice and expression, she turned around and talked to the cook she got our food on the table. Food was ok, the best thing about it was the green beans. The blue crab hard shell 11.99\/lb was not good there was nothing in it and it's small, it looks like a skeleton, good thing I'm on a diet so I didn't care on eating it much!!!! It was sautéed with lots of butter. My husband had fish and chips, there were no chips but it comes with 2 sides. Fish was ok we had better. We had to ask for water few minutes later and we had to help ourselves with some to go boxes. No one came to see how we were doing or if we needed anything. Bad customer service. You know the saying goes...you get what you paid for...LoL....I tip the front 10% for to go order and I was going to tip 20% for dining but since it was so bad we decided to leave and didn't leave a tip on the table. What a big disappointment! We always go to Tommy Bahama's restaurant at town square, the ambiance is 100X better and food is excellent, food might be a bit expensive but it's worth it. Not going back to crab corner, We don't like the crabby customer service. We should have listened to our instincts.