This place has been on my never ending list of bookmarks for what seems like FOREVER.\n\nAlthough I still fully intend on returning for dinner, I was able to check it off my list after going to brunch on a recent Sunday afternoon.\n\nNow, those of you who know me, know that I live in BFE Henderson and this place is super far for me.  Trust me, it was worth the drive and I can't wait to go back!!\n\nI made a reservation via Open Table, so when we arrived, we were promptly seated at a table near the door to the patio. It was a beautiful day and I almost wish we had requested to sit outside, but maybe that's something to remember for next time.\n\nEveryone was super, super friendly. Our Server was awesome, if not a little bit crazy! She seemed very excited, which is always better than being stuck with someone who has a horrible attitude and is just waiting for their day to be over.\n\nWe started with bottomless mimosas. I really wanted to order a bloody mary, but no matter where I go, I always end up disappointed and wishing I would've just ordered mimosas. For $16 the mimosas are just on the border of being a good deal\/too much. I think that generally AYCD is a rip off, but at E&R they give you a full glass of champagne to start, with a small individual carafe of juice. She even brought us a full glass of pineapple juice for no charge, since we preferred that to OJ. They are definitely not stingy with refills and come around often!\n\nWe also ordered the Portobello fries.  Holy crap are they amazing!!  First of all, for $9 you get a very large portion - we had a lot leftover.  My friend does not like mushrooms, but she did enjoy a few bites of these....she especially liked the crispier ones (I agree). The herb aioli on the side was really tasty as well.\n\nFor my entrée, I ordered the short rib hash.  I had a tough time deciding, but figured that I should just order what they are known for. I was not disappointed, that's for sure. I loved how the potatoes were diced super small, the short rib was very tender and amazingly flavorful, and the poached eggs were cooked perfectly.  This was a \"stick to your ribs\" kind of meal for sure.\n\nMy friend ordered the blueberry pancakes with a side of regular bacon.  Although the pancakes were good and the blueberry syrup served with them was not too sweet, I found the cakes themselves to be kind of chewy and tough. Also, I could taste more lemon zest than blueberry, but otherwise they were tasty.  The bacon was absolutely amazing!! Holy crap was it good. The server said that it is just their regular applewood smoked bacon, but damn it was delicious! It was perfectly crispy and honestly some of the best restaurant bacon I've ever tasted.\n\nWe left feeling pretty stuffed and really enjoyed our brunch.  The Manager came around quite a few times to ask how everything was, and she gave us her card, mentioning to reach out to her if we wanted to make reservations.  \n\nI look forward to returning for dinner sometime soon, or even buying something from the butcher shop downstairs!