Update: After more careful thought, I hate Carly's. I wish a delicious food place would kick out the wait staff, bartenders and food and keep the restaurant exactly as it is. Hey Green, would you mind doing a yummy food revolt in dowtown?!?\n\nWow, after some thought, I really cannot recommend Carly's. The problem with a cool place like Carly's, one WANTS to-but past first impressions and pretty ads in Java magazine, it just doesn't go far.\n\nI first tried to eat here about a month ago during the day, and it was seriously SO HOT in there, I asked if they had a heating problem (like it wasn't lack of AC-it was a fucking sauna in there). The waitress replied, \"I think its PERFECT\" and walked away. Ok. Promptly left. There was no one else there.\n\nAfter attending a talk at the Heard, we all just wanted a quick bite to eat before Shady's. Once again, not a whole lot of people in here. Took a while for someone to get to us, and I just wasn't excited by anything on the menu. I guess if I ate meat, I would be all over their sandwiches-but nothing else was really appealing. I settled for the vegan wrap, and it was...um. Boring. Like, BORING. I didn't even finish it, and while I did take it home, I think it was the first time I ever offered a leftover to my brother. \n\nI went and got a drink, I can't find it on-line, but it was seriously one of the all time WORST drinks I have ever had..I mean, the ice wasn't even present, it was like ROOM temp, and disgusting. It was some kind of lime\/tequela or vodka...I don't know. I tried to finish it, got halfway through grimacing the whole way through, and gave the rest to my friend who studiously ALSO did not finish it. That is bad. Broke artsy people refusing alcohal. UH_UH. Not right.\n\nThe service has been trying, but it is still really poor. I think the idea of Carly's is good, the decor is awesome, and the meat based sandwiches seem to make people happy and they are open later-so its worth a try, but wow...that was pretty mediocre.