I read about the high scoring reviews on Yelp and decided to try it but was sorely disappointed. The food is relatively authentic, but much more of a \"home-style\" than restaurant style. My biggest gripe is the food\/price value of Miu's which is exceptionally abysmal. A 2 person meal ended up almost $50 for some appetizers, main course and some soup.\n\nPlease note, as I ordered in Chinese, I don't exactly know the English names used in the menu and even the Chinese names listed may not be exactly the same as the menu, but should be quite close to their dish name.\n\nCong You Bing (Scallion Pancake) - Extremely oily, no crispiness whatsoever and quite small. Almost certainly from a frozen package at about $4. Head to the frozen section in Lee Lee's or Mekong Plaza supermarket if you want a superior version (seriously).\n\nDan Dan Mian (Dan Dan Noodles) - Some cooked noodles resting above a spicy sauce (about a couple tablespoons worth) and you mix it up yourself. There's literally nothing else, no meat or soup just some green onion. Tastes okay, but not okay enough for another $4. This dish takes me back to my college years, eating cooked Top Ramen with mixed in Sriracha or something. Cost me about 20 cents.\n\nGuo Pa Soup (Sizzling Rice Soup) - Served as a relatively small bowl of soup and a plate of loose scorched rice. Imagine a clear broth with 2-3 shrimp pieces and 3-4 pork pieces with some mushrooms and veggies, with a side plate of baked loose rice krispies that somehow lost his marshmallow friend and couldn't combine into a block. Now maybe that sounds kind of appetizing, but in a decent restaurant this is normally served as a large block of scorched rice, resembling that of a Rice Krispie treat. You then are supposed to pour the soup on top of said rice block and it's supposed to snap crackle and pop as a savory soup\/krispie combination with lots of meat and veggies. Instead, at Miu's you sprinkle this rice dandruff on your soup like some sort of liquid breakfast from another dimension. The meager amount of meat in this dish is mildly amusing until you remember you're out $8 for the privilege.\n\nMa Po Doufu (Ma Po Spicy Tofu) - Not bad tofu, spicy as expected. This was the dish I had least problems with during my experience, but it's pretty hard to screw up tofu mixed in with some spicy sauce. This is almost breakfast cereal levels in terms of  difficulty of \"construction\" so I'm not sure if I should be thankful I got an okay dish or sorry that I had to pay $8 for it.\n\nXuan Rong Bai Ji (Garlic White Chicken) - We ordered half a chicken which would seem like a lot of food, which came cold-cut with some garlic sprinkled on top. The garlic mixture on the chicken tastes very similar to Chino Bandido's Emerald Chicken (if you're familiar with that). Usually in Asia when you order this you get very few bones and big chunks of all white meat. This was not the case and a majority of pieces could be described as some bones trying not to look naked by covering up with cartilage and some meat. This was the final nail in the coffin as this was certainly less than half a pound and costs a HILARIOUS $15 dollars. By far and away the biggest rip off from a restaurant in recent memory and the fact that this dish alone costs the same amount as eating at Pacific Seafood buffet is quite the accomplishment in an exercise of separation from reality.\n\nOverall, I was very disappointed in the meal I got for about $43 after tax, then after tipping, it's basically $50 for 2 people. The portions were small, the food was mediocre, prices were extreme and the service was nothing to write home about. Atmosphere? Pretend you're eating in a white walled living room with some Chinese lanterns\/fans hung about with 80s-90s chinese music in the background. Makes me feel like I'm eating at a Grandma's or something.\n\nThe kicker is the fact that each dish was so small for the price you paid, which makes you feel like a huge sucker. I at least expected the dishes to be big for the price, as in superior places like China King. Speaking of comparisons, I could've gorged myself at Pacific Seafood buffet for $15-16 per person and I would've come out on top over this place. Don't believe the hype and don't pay to try unless this place cleans up their act. You're paying Scottsdale prices in Tempe with portions from a homeless shelter.