The Tonto Bar & Grill is a South West Style Golf Resort Restaurant with a large patio that overlooks a lovely desert golf course. We decided to try Tonto for dinner this time for restaurant week. I latter figured out the restaurant week price of $44.00 for my three course meal was about 50 cents different than the menu.\n\nThe weather was nice so I asked to be seated on the patio. I asked for a table in the shade and they pick a table in the blaring sun. At the time there are only two tables seated on the patio with 90% of the other tables available. This sort of rubbed me the wrong way at the time. I try one seat and it's facing the sun blinding me. I get up to try the other seat and the sun is burning my back. I say this table won't work for me. Then they tell me that the sun is only temporary.....Next they offer to seat me inside..how weird is that.....with 90% of the tables still available....Then they offer to set up an umbrella BECAUSE I MUST HAVE THAT TABLE in the blaring sun. I said I'll try it....and it was tolerable so I stayed there.\n\nWe get house baked bread and soft creamy butter that's good. Next we get appetizers of Crab Cakes and Compressed Arugula Salad...Both are very good.\n\nAll of a sudden they start watering the lawn. I GET SPLASHED with water a few times....\n\nThen dinner arrives....\nI get the Onion Crusted Walleye. I thought it was odd that my plate contained two very large piles of tarter sauce on both ends of the plate. I go to try the Walleye. It's almost good....actually it was good until I hit the bloodline and rubbery skin that's covered with onion crust.I was able to eat around it on the three pieces. The shredded carrots were steamed with no added flavor and were topped with fresh spinach. The Walleye in Fish Stick shaped pieces sat on top of what they called a Roesti Cake. It was potatoes that were semi mashed, shaped like a cake seasoned and lightly fried.The potato was good.\n\nMy husband got the Root Beer Braised Short Rib. The best part of the plate was the Sweet Potato Casserole with Cheese. It was tasty.......I tried a bite of the rib. It's stringy and sort of dry and very sweet. My husband insisted that I try the green beans. GOD they are a smoke bomb. I actually had to spit the green bean out. I thought the green beans were inedible but maybe other people would like them that way.\n\nLastly the desserts arrive.\nWe get a decadent Warm Buttermilk Chocolate Cake with house made pecan ice-cream and a Lemon-Lime Sour Cream Meringue. Both plates are filled with lots of details and extras like assorted cookies and a whimsical cute hand made sugar bumble bee. BOTH DESSERTS are VERY GOOD.\n\n\nOnce seated service was efficient.\n\nAppetizers and the Desserts were VERY GOOD!\n\nDinner :(\n\nLovely Patio