I definitely will not be running back to this restaurant....if you can call it that.\n\nI understand that when I got there that it was pretty late, but the place wasn't empty and about to close, so I DO expect good service.  First of all it took waaaay too long to get anyone to notice that we had sat down at one of thieir booths.  Our dumb waitress Jennifer was barely around and we couldn't tell if she was our waitress or the dumb brunette there that could not stop giving us dirty looks.  The manager i think he was, couldn't stop being a huge douche about the fact that I was the only underage person there.  He went out of his way to come by our table and say, oh yeah your waitress asked if I had checked your IDs before when you came to the bar for a drink, so I made sure to let her know that you (points) at me, were the underage one.  Well thanks you asshole, but pretty sure I ordered a god damn coke, and not a beer.\n\nWhen we had gone to the bar before hand for a drink, I asked for a coke, (this bar is about a 10 seater so you can see everything) and he got everyone their alcoholic drinks, and left me without a drink. Even though, I was sitting directly in front of his \"work area\".  Pretty sure you can see that my drink coaster is without a drink.\n\nNow to tell you about the horrible food that came out COLD.  The spinach dip was discusting too.  Didn't have any silverware, napkins or side plates untill half way through the meal.  Couldn't get a refill on ANY of our drinks.  I had my empty soda glass sitting at the head of the table and she walks by, \"need anything else?\" and the glass is sitting right in front of her.  Uh yeah....She added someone elses tab onto our bill without saying anything or asking.  Then took her a lifetime to put it on a seperate bill.  All in all, everything was just insanely horrible.  Worse than denny's and sorry guys, but that means A LOT.\n\nLet it be known, we're in an economic depression right now, and the first businesses to feel that depression is restaurants, and as a server, you gotta milk every table that you're lucky enough to get as much as you can, because those restaurant doors could be closed the next day for good.