My 2015 Birthday Heaven!!!  Del Frisco's Double Eagle just opened in DC about a month or so ago, and I've been dying to go.  I've been to Del Frisco Grille and enjoyed the atmosphere and the meal, so naturally I couldn't wait for the Double Eagle to open.  Unfortunately I still haven't had a chance to go, so when I took a recent trip to Vegas to celebrate my birthday and found out the restaurant was around the corner from our hotel, I had to go.  We were greeted by the very friendly staff and seated immediately.  Our server was very pleasant, provided excellent service throughout our meal, was very familiar with the menu and suggested some excellent eating and drinking choices.  For appetizers we started with oysters and the crab cake with lobster sauce......deeeeeelicious.  Our server explained that they offered east coast and west coast oysters and described the flavor differences between the two.  We went with the east coast oysters which were a very nice size and although I'm not an oyster connoisseur, I enjoyed them.  The crab cake was broiled, all crabmeat and super good.  That sauce gave it an extra little kick.  There was a trio of filets (3-4oz filets, one with brie, one with a jumbo grilled shrimp and grilled scallop and the third was a filet oscar with crab and asparagus) on the specials menu, so I opted for the trio as my main course with a baked potato.  The filets were all cooked perfectly, super tender and delicious.....it was steak heaven.  The potato was huge and definitely large enough to share.  It was my birthday so throughout our dinner, members of the staff would stop by and wish me happy birthday.  The staff also took the time to present me with a special birthday card signed by everyone.  Our server concluded our meal with a complimentary slice of lemon cake that I had to take with me back to our room because I was beyond stuffed.  But before we left, we had to take advantage of the outdoor patio area which offered lounge and dining seating.  We took up a position on the lounge chairs, had a few cocktails and smoked some cigars while our food settled.  This will definitely be a regular dining spot on my list when I visit Vegas and I can't wait to try their DC location now that I'm back home.\n\nOh, before I forget....there's one thing that I didn't like, but not enough to take away any stars.  They have a bowl of candy for guests to take as they are entering or leaving the restaurant.  The candy is not wrapped and there is a spoon for you to dip into the candy and pour some in your hand.  I can't tell you how many people I saw put their bare hands into the bowl to dig out candy or search for a particular flavor.  Disgusting!!!!  Hopefully management will re-think this idea.