The Beautiful Carin and I had to go to Las Vegas on business a couple of weeks ago. While I think Las Vegas is a fine little city, I don't particularly like the Strip. But, sometimes business calls and you do what you need to do. When you need to be on the Strip, you can do far worse than the Trump. Donald Trump's Hotel...if you have to go to Las Vegas, for me, it's either this one or the Four Seasons (but the Trump is closer to more of the \"attractions\" of Las Vegas).\nThe Trump is everything The Donald says he wants his hotel to be, luxurious, gold, spectacular, understated, gold, elegant, world class, gold, lavish, sumptuous and of course, gold.\nI really do like the Trump (I kid because I love). The service is everything you would expect from a 5 star hotel; there is no casino to fight your way through to get to the elevators to your room (although there is a guard in the elevator lobby to make sure that only guests get in, thank you!); the Trump is non-smoking so...kudos!\nMost importantly, the Trump really is a quality, luxury hotel! They treated us like royalty, from the moment we walked in until the moment we left. They upgraded us to very nice suite, no charge (really nice touch), they remembered our names, they talked to us like people (not walking tip machines), and made us feel welcome and comfortable.\nFirst, the room...a beautiful suite with a view out to the strip (the Trump is about 2 blocks off the strip, but a nice view anyway). The suite was decadent. Huge, with a living room, formal dining room and service kitchen, and full master suite for the bedroom (and a steam shower, with multiple shower heads) and in a particularly nice touch, a TV hidden in the bathroom mirror, including a remote that you can use from the huge and luxurious spa\/tub. The furnishings are on a par with any very nice home.\nNext, the ambiance...relaxed, open, friendly and calming (again...no casino...hurrah!). You can have a cocktail in the lobby bar or by the pool and feel both pampered and comfortable at the same time. I will review the restaurants in another review, but they are terrific and by extension, the room service was outstanding.\nFinally, the service...absolutely first rate! It's deferential, but not cloying or overbearing. Everyone from the general manager to bellmen and room service waiters acknowledged us and called us by name (never \"you guys\" or anything remotely like it...not allowed as we discovered from one of the pool attendants). They offered free limo's up and down the strip, to get us to dinner's, etc. I felt like a high roller in spite of the fact that I never gamble more then $2-300 when I'm in Las Vegas (do you suppose that's why I never get anything comped?).\nThe Trump is a terrific place to stay in Las Vegas. It is, in a word Trumpulescent.