ok,  who ever give this place more than a star, have to try a real sushi.\nfirst when you go to sushi place, you look at if they have prepared any fish (cut), not just in block of fish and wrap with plastic. that means, they don't have enough customers, so they cut when the customer order. that also means, they'll use the same fish for the next day. you get the picture.\nsecond, you taste the rice. there are only a few ingredient to make a good sushi and it wasn't that difficult. but many restaurant manage to blew it.\nand the last in the ingredient is the seaweed. the rest are the same (mayo, salt, pepper, etc.)\nlooking at those check list item, if any of those failed, if you can bail. bail.\nunfortunately for me, I sometimes wants to give them the benefit of the doubt and I always end up with very bad dinner. (yea I'm picky, and you should too.) its not like they will give away the food, you have to pay for your food, so you want your food to be good.\nto test any good sushi place, if they give you the fresh ingredient or not, order spicy scallop hand roll. that will give you the taste on their Rice, their freshness of the food and also if the seaweed is still crispy or not.\nSushi Tei, failed to deliver any of these.\n1. the seaweed was soggy (means, they expose this to humidity. or were holding or wrapping it too long)\n2. the rice were sticky but no flavour (taste like old rice, over cook)\n3. the scallop were chewy (scallop supposed to be white, not yellow and it supposed to melt in your mouth, not chewy like rice)\nall failed, and then I ordered another roll. (did I say I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt, .. yea. no more next time)\nI don't usually use soy sauce, because good sushi not supposed to dunk your food on the soy sauce. but since this one has no flavor, I asked for low sodium. took them a while to come up with the bottle, but they failed to deliver low sodium. (they said its low sodium) I know its not, because I ate sushi at least 5 times a week, its almost like telling a coffee drinker that this is the same coffee they take yesterday.\n\nso I had a bad dinner :(