We went on day one, and none of us were impressed.  I'll admit, the place came off as a bit pretentious, you guys are on the corner of Harmon and Paradise.. Not on the strip. I feel as though the $200, and $300 bottles of champagne on the menu were novelties... But you're serving fries, and pizza.. It kind of makes you look like you're trying too hard to be funny, or upscale... Not really sure which. \n\n\nNumber 1.. The a\/c wasn't working. The guy we talked to (owner?) said there was nothing wrong with it, there's just something wrong with the air return\/blah blah blah. Understood.. things happen. But just a few recommendations... Don't open until it's fixed, or offer free ice water... SOMETHING. Guys, it's 110° outside.. By the time we were getting ready to leave, I was literally dripping sweat down my forehead. And I have never been so happy to walk out into the 110° outside air to cool off. \n\nOn to the food. We started with the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella, very good, quite impressed. Next we had two pies, one was (I don't remember the name) a white pizza with arugula, ricotta, prosciutto, and egg. Absolutely nothing special about it. Crust was underwhelming, reminiscent of papa johns, and the toppings were just meh. Second pie was the \"Margherita.\"  I use quotes because this was FAR from a Margherita pizza. It had almost zero sauce on it, and very large, not easily manageable chunks of tomato, the basil was almost non existent, with the same papa johns like crust. Hardly worthy of calling it a Margherita pizza, the D.O.C. would never approve of it. \n\nNow the poutine. We had, truffle fries, Buffalo cauliflower fries, and traditional poutine with no meat. \n\nI personally did not try the truffle fries, so I cannot comment on them. The buffalo cauliflower fries were literally just a bowl of cauliflower with toppings... Very underwhelming. Now.. the traditional fries were on point!  The curds were well melted into the gravy, the fries fantastic, and the gravy was very, very good. \n\nAll this being said.. We really don't plan on returning. If we do, it would be for the poutine, and nothing else. There are FAR better pizza's in Las Vegas. With the insurgence of new, upscale, and traditional New York style pizza in town you really need to bring your A game.. Unfortunately, they brought their D game with this. And I'm not really sure if it's worth a trip to just get poutine. \n\nWe were very disappointed in how they handled the fact that their customers were sweating in the heat. He was very nonchalant about the issue. And I was disappointed that there were no fountain drinks.. As I would have loved to get a drink of water, that you should have offered your guests anyway. Granted, the bottled Fiji water was only $2.. But with the circumstances as they were... I'm just saying. \n\nI'm willing to give it the \"opening day problems\" cliche.. But some things were just too difficult to overlook. \n\nI wish you the best, and hope that you get things ironed out.. But listen to the people.. That's the only way to be successful.