This is one of the worst motels that I've ever stayed at before in my life, and I've stayed at many hotels and motels in my lifetime. \n\nMy wife and I moved to Phoenix and needed a place to stay for a week until our apartment was ready. Found Studio 6 on Google and the photos on their website looked good. Unfortunately for me, I failed to read the reviews prior to booking my 8 night stay. \n\nWe arrived late at night to be greeted by the laundry guy who gave us our keys to the room. The room was allegedly non-smoking, but this was not accurate at all. The room reeked of smoke and cheap cleaning products that were used to try and mask the smell. The room was fantastically filthy, among the filthiest I've ever seen in my life, I took and uploaded pictures to prove how disgusting this place was. There was blood on one of our pillows, dirt and dust all over the entire room. The room we were staying in must have been hosting a punching contest, because the refrigerator in the room had a giant fist imprint in it. \n\nI asked the laundry man for another room, as this one was just clearly unacceptable. Because he did not have access to a computer, he pulled out a large sheet of room numbers and guest names and began randomly picking rooms to check to see if they were clean, so that we could move. After nearly 30 minutes of using this primitive room tracking method, he finally located one. This room that he found also reeked of smoke! \n\nThe room at the end of the hallway from the one that we were assigned, housed a large man, who kept the motel room door wide open, whilst he exposed himself on the bed wearing nothing but boxers. Not only did I feel extremely unsafe, but felt that my wife and I both would be raped during the night while sleeping, and there would be nothing left to our cars by sunrise. \n\nOh yeah, I almost forgot to mention the extremely loud Harley Davidson people who continually revved up their annoying engines throughout the night. In the morning, the Harley guy returned and after discovering there was no parking space for him to park his bike, he drove up on the sidewalk and into the gravel, then proceeding to park it there as if it was his own personal parking space. \n\nTo top it all off, there was a giant box of cats.... Yes, \"cat's\" outside of one of the rooms on the ground level. Not sure what happened here, but after we loaded up our cars to make our race to safety, we noticed the box of cat's disappeared... Perhaps they were drug cats? The world will never know... \n\nMy advice is to spend the extra money and go to Extended Stay America down the street. Don't risk getting AIDS, don't risk being raped... Hell exists, and it's the Studio Six in Deer Valley!