Wastes your time with unnecessary typical dealerships loops. I recommend just getting pricing info quickly, taking your reps card and hauling out of there.\n\nOur experience is different because we went to look for a used Mitsubishi Eclipse we found on Auto Trader at a Fiat dealership (includes Suzuki right next door). The vehicle is for my husband so I'm\"m not going to comment on his choice in cars.\n\nMeet Bruce. He saw us driving around the lot (looking for where to park) and waved at us. We thought we out maneuvered him by turning right, but by the time we stepped out of our vehicle Bruce was there (like some sort of magic). \n\nThe men talk...yes I saw this car...not looking for a Fiat...I'll grab the keys.\n\nBruce returns quickly with the keys, takes a little while moving the car out of the tight spot and parks it. We step in, look at the interior. Bruce asks the Mr. if he wants to take it for a spin. We said yes. Add 5 minutes more because now Bruce has to photocopy Mr. driver license. Bruce cramps himself into the tiny back seat behind mine because no one could fit behind Mr's. Bruce directs the Mr. with instructions on lane preferences as well. Cmon. This is a test drive. Let us pick lanes and drive the darn thing. He didn't know any answers to my typical car questions and had to look them all up (tire size, cylinders...). Once we finished the drive we nearly capped him when he told us how to open the roof. \n\nIt's a no haggle price on the car. It's a very attractive price. I tell Bruce well we have your card....Bruce has other ideas up his sleeve. Oh, by the way, it gets picked up tonight for auction. You'd have to buy it today. Oh, maybe that would be nice to have mentioned to us in the beginning. And why is the price so low. Well, according to Bruce cars on the lot more than 60 days get price reductions.\n\nWe ask about tradeins and Bruce invites us in to give us a good estimate. Before we go in we ask about all the missing paint and scratches on the back of the car. Bruce says they have a guy that comes there on Wednesdays, and he must have missed it last Wednesday. (REALLY, what about those other 11 Wednesdays?).\n\nWe should have never walked inside. Long story shortened a bit, after 20 mnutes of us sitting in his office alone, Bruce returns to tell us we can only get the minimum tradein value, $2k for our Honda Civic because it was made in Canada. Something I mentioned from the first second we talked tradein. Why make us wait, answer questions after question, take the car out to see if it drives (and get water all up in it), just to come up with the low value tradein?\n\nRidiculous. The car is worth way more. So we want to see some numbers if we finace a little bit. At this point we thought he would have asked us both to donate blood. References. Really? Another 20 minutes pass of us looking at each other in his office alone. And again Bruce disappoints. He comes back with what our payment would be each month. That's not what he said he was doing nor what we asked him to do. So I told him again to please find the rate. 5 minutes later. \n\nBruce: Oh, here's just a guess. It's high because I didn't run it through the banks. I'd rather give you a high number than have to adjust up later.\n\nMe: So you don't have a concrete number?\n\nBruce: Blah blah blah, we've been here since 1927, family owned and operated, blah blah, now if you're serious I can run it through the banks....\n\nAt this point we are getting nowhere fast. He's contradicting himself, taking way to long, and making this worse than pulling teeth. Bruce seemed surprised we were leaving. All that work and we have not clue on rates. \n\nIf you want all the hassles and drama of a dealership, by all means come here and talk to Bruce.