Dr. Kim is amazing! I originally got my braces years ago in high school by a different orthodontist. I am a freak about wearing my retainers every night but while renovating my bathroom, my retainers were thrown away by mistake. I couldn't remember who my original orthodontist was so I frantically did a google search to find a new one. I am so happy I found Kimodontics Orthodontics! I called and asked about a retainer consultation. They were able to see me the same day. Coincidentally, Dr. Kim's dad is my dentist! What a small world. They are such wonderful people. \n\nThe office is located in Summerlin. A bit far for me but totally worth the drive. The decor is awesome! I'm a big fan of purple and love the fact that the walls are that color. The furniture and wall art was great too. She has a lot of nicknacks laying around that are super cute! Totally child friendly but not overdone. I've been to some offices that make me feel like I am walking into a kid only zone. I am totally in love with whoever designed her office!\n\nWhen I came for my first visit, Dr. Kim explained the different options I had along with insurance and financing. She had me sit down in her therapy style consultation chair where she examined my teeth. I chose to get the clear retainers (top and bottom).  They did the fitting that day and I came in 2 days later to pick up the retainers. \n\nThey did a great job. The retainers fit perfectly and was comfortable to wear. Dr. Kim and Irma went over instructions on how to care for them and set me up for follow up appts to make sure everything was okay. I came in for my 1 month eval and then again for a 3 month evaluation.\n\nI still can't get over how nice Dr. Kim and everyone there is. From the moment you walk in, they greet you with such kindness. Dr. Kim gave me a huge hug and wished me the best during our last evaluation. She is so sweet!!!!\n\nOh and they also have fresh baked, warm cookies at the front desk! They are delicious so don't forget to ask for one.