This is a great restaurant in a random location. Hint: You can request free limo service from anywhere on the Strip. It's quite small, so definitely make a reservation.\n\nThe ambiance and decor are the true draw of this spot. It's very old school Vegas. There are old school pictures of Vegas and various celebrities all around the restaurant and bar.\n\nAt the rear of the restaurant is the bar. There's video poker, of course. Hint: If waiting at the bar for a table to be ready, they cannot transfer your drink bill to your table, so you must pay the bartender before being seated at your table. There are several cocktails and a few wines by the glass. The wine menu was a little underwhelming.\n\nDespite trying to be more upscale and fancy-ish, this is a rather casual spot. There were kids running around and lots of folks in jeans and sweatshirts.\n\nThe live music is a great touch and adds to the ambiance and decor. However, it also escalates the noise level. Between the band and the patrons, we couldn't even hear each other - and we were at a tiny two person table. Hint: Request a booth on the far side from the band. There's some seriously awful acoustics in this place. The noise level and the inability to carry on a conversation with your date really kills the romance.\n\nFor food, we opted for a side caesar salad, the bone-in ribeye steak flambe and the gypsy pasta. The food portions are pretty generous. The salad was nothing of note. Hint: While there's free bread, they don't give you olive oil and balsamic vinegar, just butter. The steak was tasty, but not mouthwatering or crave-worthy. The gypsy pasta was crazy spicy - and I love spicy. It was almost too much it was so spicy. And the pastas are 1 lb, so it was a significantly large portion.\n\nThe service was nice and friendly. Our waters were never empty, we were checked on, etc., etc.\n\nAll in all, I like the concept, which is what gives it the 4 stars. And I'd be willing to come back, perhaps on a less busy night, and try some other menu items. But I didn't love what we ordered and the noise level seriously dampened our experience. While a good spot if you're looking for a vintage Vegas vibe, If you're looking for a nice, romantic restaurant, this is not that spot. But totally good for experiencing that old school Vegas feel.