The only reason I increased my rating to two stars rather than one is the actions of the manager, Liam, who came to the table as we were finishing our meal to find out how everything was. When we described our experience, he immediately offered to comp the meal and invited us to come back another time to try and make things right. He gets mensch points for that and an increase from one star to two.\nBut that is being really very generous on our part. We made a reservation for 4 people. We got there about 5 minutes early for our reservation. Instead of getting a table, they offered us four chairs at a communal high top that was occupied by several other people already. That was a non-starter for us. They then offered us a table by the window where the sun was baking in and making the table really unusable. They had no shade to cover the window and make the seating at that table not even close to reasonable. Next they moved two small tables from a long setup and offered to seat us there. That was acceptable until they told us that we would have to eat in under 20 minutes because they needed that table for someone else. Not a great start to the evening. We did finally get them to jerry-rig a table for 4 that was acceptable although less than good.\nAfter a few minutes, our server came by to explain that about one third of the items on the menu were no longer available and they were out of several other items. They were busier than expected and they don't get food deliveries on a Sunday. Not sure why that should be my problem but they were not many items to choose from on an already limited menu.  She left  to allow us to look over  the few remaining items that were left on the menu. She next came back to the table about 20 minutes later. We would take a couple of the pizettas and the hearth oven bread with dip. Those were theoretically still on the menu. But not for us. We were in a bit of time crunch because we had theater tickets. Our server explained that the oven is incredibly small and the food couldn't possibly come out in a timely fashion. About the only thing left on the menu that we could order was the flat iron steak and the salmon. The steak came out first when we had about 10 minutes left before we had to leave. It was room temperature at best. And the quality of the meat could only be described as heimlich material. Despite the fact that it was an incredibly small portion for a $21 entree portion, the four of us couldn't finish it. It really was not edible. It came with a side of fries. The fries were also room temperature and soggy. Despite the fact that by this time we were really hungry, we couldn't finish those either. The salmon made an appearance about 5 minutes before we had to leave. The salmon was room temperature, overcooked and dried out. \nBottom line: failure to honor a reservation, absolutely terrible service, and food that could not be eaten, even with being comped I feel I overpaid for the meal. I will not be returning.