If you're looking for authentic German food cooked without pretense you can't go wrong with Das Schnitzel Haus. Here, it's all about the food. Lots and lots of hearty, traditional Franconian fare in all its slightly monochromatic beige to orange to brown deliciousness.\n\nWe paid them a visit on a recent Saturday evening around 6:30 and it looked like they were just getting into their prime time. As soon as we walked in we were greeted by a smiling hostess. She led us through the main dining area which was packed with a table of 10 or so people who were clearly enjoying themselves toward the rear of the restaurant and into a smaller back room.\n\nI've got to mention the atmosphere quickly before I move on. Not meant to be deprecating in any way, it reminded me a bit of eating in the basement of someone's grandma's house. It was neat and clean just oddly disjointed and bit haphazard - different sized tables, steins lining the rafters, starving artist-type sofa-sized oil paintings. There were even string lights hanging on the walls, probably a holiday thing. My simple guidance is to avoid judging the place by the decor.\n\nThe food is the main reason to come here and if you aren't interested in German food, go somewhere else. Sure, their menu has some non-German offerings like BBQ ribs, chicken parmesan, and a reuben sandwich, I would just rather get those types of dishes from a restaurant that specializes in them. If your ass is in a DSH seat you should be eating at least one of the following:\n\nSchnitzel\nkraut\nKeuglen\nWurst\n\nWe steeled ourselves against the oncoming carb onslaught. It was gonna be a big one. Our meal started with two of my favorite things on the planet, fresh-made, crusty warm bread and German beer. The bread tasted like it was made in an old-timey stone oven and the beer, my God the beer, was amazing. Hofbrau Dunkel and  Franziskaner Weissbier on tap. There's just no understating the brilliance of pairing real German beer with German food. Speaking of the food, here's how our meal went:\n\nKartoffel Kueglen - (4) potato pancakes served with containers of apple sauce and sour cream. Tasty, crispy and golden albeit a tad heavy-handed with the black pepper.\n\nWurst Platte - A bratwurst and a knockwurst served with two sides. I opted for the spatzle and German potato salad. When it comes to the tubed meats other nationalities got nothin on the Germans. The sausages were delicious, spicy and juicy. The spatzle was doughy and buttery and the potato salad had just the right combination of sweet and sour.\n\nKäse Schnitzel - The chicken variety of the German pounded meat classic. Breaded and pan fried a crispy golden brown before being covered in a layer of ooey-gooey melted provolone cheese. My wife opted for sides of mashed potatoes and gravy and red cabbage. The cabbage slaw added some much needed acid to this gut-bomb of a dish and the potatoes were smooth and creamy.\n\nApple Strudel - This was the only culinary disappointment we experienced during our visit. Puff pastry filled with apples and dusted with powdered sugar. A ho-hum rendition, it was dry and barely warm. It needed a scoop of vanilla ice cream instead of an orange slice.\n\nA brief mention on the service. Our server was very friendly and did see to our every need. Mainly, beers were refilled as were waters. My only issue was with the length of time it took between visits. While not painfully long (the beer did help) there were some noticeable wait times between courses. Don't expect fast food, just have another beer and enjoy yourself.\n\nWe walked out of Das Schnitzel Haus smiling and holding our distended bellies. Having just ingested more than a week's worth of carbohydrates and a multitude of hand-crafted German beers it was to be expected. Sure, the decor is a bit corny and the service a tad long in the tooth, but we didn't care much. Like I said. Here, it's all about the food. Make sure to come with an empty stomach.\n\nP.S.\nThere's a massive wooden patio with its own fireplace attached to the side of the main building. I've got a feeling we'll be back sometime when the weather's more bier garten friendly.