I really wanted to like Pure+Simple. I was won over by their holistic lean and was inspired by the entrepreneurship of its founders; I even read Kristin Ma's book on holistic beauty. I was ready to buy a package of facials, thinking for sure this is just what my congested skin needs. Luckily, and I mean, thankfully, the kind girl at the reception advised me against jumping the gun and trying it out first. She was also kind enough to explain to me which type of facial I should choose and the differences between them; I left the spa feeling quite warm and excited for my appointment.\n\nIt's now been two months post-facial, and I can safely say, I never want to step into this spa again. It has taken me long to write this review because I was initially too upset to write in a fair or coherent way. I am incredibly disappointed in my experience for the following reasons:\n\n1) Upon an inspection of my skin, my aesthetician preemptively chastised me for my poor diet and dehydration. I give her credit for seeing that my skin was dehydrated, but as for diet? I eat a plant-based diet, steer clear of dairy and drink little caffeine. I could have done without the diet shaming.\n\n2) Throughout the facial, my aesthetician expounded on issues, such as growth hormones in our dairy products and meat, why illness is rampant among our generation, how children are so vulnerable, and how what we eat affects our health. These points of discussion are all well and appreciated... outside of a facial. I mean, at one point, I thought, is this an episode of The View? I came to this spa to relax and help my skin; I did not want to be lectured or have somebody's opinions spouted into my face! She was so indignant at select topics that she even rattled the bed by slapping down on it repeatedly for emphasis. She remained oblivious to my cues at disengaging from the conversation, while I cringed whenever an errant drop of spittle hit my face.\n\n3) Do you know what it feels like to slowly realize something horrible is happening in real-time, except not before your eyes as cucumber slices are obstructing your view? Well, ladies and gents, it feels like a whirlpool of pain, slight shock and newfound fear of your aesthetician, who clearly ignores that you have sensitive skin. My aesthetician ignored her own advice to steer clear of an area with a deeply clogged pore, and aggressively rooted around it like a dog digging for a bone; the damage was done within seconds. Post-facial, I had anticipated a purge of sorts, but I was in no way prepared for the onslaught of incredibly deep, painful acne that erupted in a rash across my cheeks and chin and nose. Worse yet? Each breakout that occurred as a result of the facial, has left a darkly pigmented or pitted scar on my face. These scars are the ones that take years to fade, so I can look forward to costly laser treatments in the future and constant reminders of my experience.\n\nA week after the appointment, I received a follow-up call. Upon hearing about my dissatisfaction, they wanted me to come in for a more advanced skin treatment, which I immediately declined. I know that I shouldn't judge the entire spa with the actions and conduct of one aesthetician, but the whole brand is ruined for me as even when I walk by the spa, bad feelings and memories surface.\n\nTo reiterate: I wish I had never stepped into this spa.