DO NOT USE THIS VENUE. I was going to get married at Wedding Bells Chapel because the package seemed amazing and the reviews seemed good. I spoke with Breece and I was given \"extras\" (a second limo, more flowers and all of my photos) because my wedding party was so small. I asked for a written contract and Breece said she would provide one but I never received it, instead I got a hand written note containing most of what we had agreed upon.  I booked the wedding in January and my wedding was in June. In May I called to check the status of the wedding with Cindy. I went over the package with her and she stated a lot of the things I was promised were not available like the live web cast, 2 limos, flower choice (other than white or red) and I would not get all of my pictures and there would be no pictures on the Vegas strip but the limos would take us down the strip instead of picking us up from the hotel. I tried to work things out with Cindy but she kept stating she was unsure why I would think I could get all of those things and that her company was not made of money. I asked to speak with Breece; Cindy stated she no longer worked at the company. She also reluctantly revealed Breece had promised services to other clients that could not be delivered.  I asked to speak with the owner and she stated the owner did not have time to speak with me. I asked for the owners name and was told she could not give it out. I asked for a refund for the $540 deposit and she stated even though they were not providing the services that had been agreed upon she would not provide a refund. I also had to argue the amount of the deposit as she stated I only paid $500. In another conversation she then told me that my fiancé canceled the wedding and they will be keeping the deposit and then hung up on me. My fiancé spoke with her while I listened, he never canceled the venue. I have spoken with my credit card company and I hope I will get my money back but it is a 3 month process.\n\nI then received a call early June wanting to know if I would like to pay the rest of my balance. I told her unless everything that was agreed upon could be provided I would not be getting married at her facility. After much back and forth she stated she would give me everything agreed upon. I said I wanted to personally confirm this with the owner and then I would pay my balance. She stated she could not give out his information but she would give him my information.\n\nLater that day I received a phone call, a blocked number, from a man called Jim. He did not state his last name, title or call back information. He left a very vague message stating \"I could have all that was agreed upon\". I told Cindy I needed to speak with him directly. I then received an email stating exactly what the voicemail said with again no identifying information. I responded, asking for his contact information and title, I received no response. I told Cindy I wanted my deposit since the owner would not contact me properly. I am told no refund will be issued, I then made it very clear until I could talk with the owner, directly, I will not authorizing any payments. I did a little more research in to the company and found many other people have had similar issues recently.\n\nA few days later I noticed a charged from Wedding Bells for the rest of the balance. I have tried to call the company with no answer. I email Cindy and Jim and am told the computer had made an automatic withdrawal. I tell them this is unacceptable and the charge was not authorized. If they respond they state they want my business but vaguely state they will give me a full refund. I did get a portion of my money back but not all. DO NOT do business with these people, in my opinion this is a SCAM and they have no intention of fulfilling the contract.