Talk about truly UNIQUE experience in Vegas. I know thinking really?? Just dam driving range when you break it down. But the TRUTH is the place is so so so SO SO much more then just driving range. I know in Vegas bigger seems to be better and all about unique experience. Topgolf hits all the requirements. First impression walking to the front entrance the four story building just massive face value. When you walk in you it like sort of disneyland with each floor had its own personality, or world with different forms of entertainment. The main level walk in (second floor) they have two HUGE wide screens big open atrium area with different seating from lounge seats, bar tables with bar stools, and some face the widesreen or bar tables see people hitting balls. They even have tiny sports book that can play bets on football. I came here with cousins from Portland, OR watch some Thursday Night Football. They even have props bets like Super Bowl that bet who scores the first touchdown, etc... FYI my cousins been to the Topgolf in Portland, OR obviously size no way can compete with this location but even they were blown away by the size. They have bar area on every level. The top floor or fourth floor it more of a true ultra lounge feels with live Dj playing music. Between the fourth and third floor even have swimming pool. The music playing am sure from the Dj but current music and stuff get all party mood or club mood. Crazy. It takes golfing range to another level. \n\nThe golfing part not much of golfer. I meet my cousins for the food but also just check it out. My cousins been to the location in Portland and wanted too see the mother load or battleship of Topgolf. They were not disappointed. They gave me the lowdown on way the golf part works. They take no reservations. It depends on the day of the week and time the wait. Like anything on the strip nothing cheap about Topgolf from food, golf, or drinks. It goes by groups so it actually not that bad when spilt it up with six others. The thing makes it current with high tech experience. All the golf balls has trackers so can literally follow your ball and keep tracks of point if you land it in certain spots. Or hell just enjoy the backdrop of the strip or the massive wide screens that have some sports on. No need brings clubs they provide them. Each driving range spot have nice lounge chairs kick back and server come by if wants drinks or food. \n\nThe food. Honest I had no expectations cause thinking growing up few times went driving range nothing good or memorable about driving range food. Topgolf the food is pretty awesome. We ordered three appetizers to share between three of us. We got the kalbi short rib tacos, Greek Chicken Skewers, and Topgolf Wings (mango habanero). They were all amazing!! I would recommend all of them. The Skewers not only was the chicken cooked perfect but the tzatzaki sauce that was the key. It brought the whole dish together, The kalbi short rib tacos was my favorite of the three. Not only was the kalbi the da bomb. I could just have whole plater of kalbi. Instead of taco shell use steam bun. So more cross from peking duck with steam bum. It was so good. The Topgolf wings they have few different sauces choose from. Mango Habanero it has nice late kick. Be warned! The carrot and celery stick or not stick but peelings. Weird. I would have preferred regular traditional carrot and celery sticks. The wings were solid. The menu not that big or crazy. I like that fact. It simple food some of it take another level. \n\nNo doubt if looking for something different to do and with group or small one. Topgolf is great spot. It comes to parking I parked at the MGM parking lot and walking  down the street. The parking lot or valet for Topgolf not that big. If the lot full pretty much nightmare\/