Well....the chocolate pudding was good!  \n\nThis place has a lot of hype surrounding it and despite being an enormous fan of the Austin style BBQ joint in Phoenix, Little Miss BBQ (see my review and all the other 5-star reviews surrounding it), I was willing to give it a shot.  \n\nThe line didn't bug me and I was ready to wait knowing this is how Texas style BBQ is, but just know you will wait a bit because of the way they slice and serve their food.  My hubby and two friends and I grabbed one of the metal buckets and filled it with yeasty beverages while we waited.  \n\nLet me just preface this entire review now (as if the first sentence didn't already cover it)...I have two simple words to describe it.  Dry. Bland. Dry. Bland. Dry. Bland. Dry. Bland.  Does that about cover it?\n\nWe decided on half a pound each of the pork spare ribs, fatty brisket, and one house made jalapeno sausage along with some coleslaw, beans, and chocolate pudding.  The coleslaw was insanely bland.  What am I talking about?!  The entire tray of meat was everything but flavorful.  \n\nAs soon as they put the ribs on our tray, I turned to my husband and asked him, \"What the heck is that?\"  It was gray and looked like cardboard.  The fatty brisket they laid down was a lousy excuse for fatty brisket.  As a brisket expert, my husband realized their \"fatty brisket\" is actually the lower part of the point, which is dry and normally chopped and served on sandwiches because it isn't pretty and it certainly isn't fatty.  The link looked hopeful though.  I totally dug the hot carrots!!!  \n\nSo, Texas BBQ is supposed to not require any sauce at all.  But this stuff had to be doused in it!  I had to bathe my meat in it for goodness sakes.  There was absolutely no flavor to any of the meat and no seasoning (and by that I mean salt and pepper) in sight.  \n\nNever will I ever go back to Rudy's.  And I am NOT just writing this subpar review because of LMB...I honestly and truthfully was grossed out and extremely let down by the appearance, taste, and lackluster flair of their food. Sure Little Miss BBQ is a bit more of a drive, but their meat is juicy, flavorful, and doesn't require any sauce whatsoever.  Their sides are tasty too.