Ugh, the moment I walked into this place, I felt really awkward. We came here for our friend's surprise birthday dinner. It was about 6 o'clock on a Friday evening and as we're walking towards the door we see 2 women stumbling out completely wasted. Come on ladies, it's 6 o'clock.. what are you doing with your lives?\n\nWe walk in and the lay out is really awkward. If you've never been there and you're there for more than alcohol, it's not exactly clear what to do or how to get a waitress' attention. So we sit down and search the menu for anything without meat since it's a Friday and it is Lent. Sadly, the menu only had cheese pizza and a veggie burger. We ended up getting jalapeno poppers and a veggie burger and both were disgusting. \n \nIn addition to the disgusting meal, the patrons and the workers were grimey. Let me just break it down:\n\n(1) There are no designated smoking areas. Patrons and employees were walking around smoking around everybody. It was disgusting.\n\n(2) The crowd is a bit older... there was a lot of mid-life crisis resonating in the air. Let me just use this as an example. One of the guy's in our group paid to have a fire set up outside by our table. This old guy and his old lady dressed in dirt-biking outfits take a couple chairs and sit down right in front of me, blocking the warmth of the fire from me and my 5 month old. Thanks guy!  So the waitress goes up to the old guy and asks him what he would like to drink, and he says \" i'm on a motorcycle, so i'll have a diet coke\". Great to know guy... I think she asked what you wanted to drink, not what your mode of transportation was. \n       So 8 o'clock comes and the employees are letting us know of this ridiculous rule to have all children out by this time. So as were getting the kids ready, the guy in our group who paid for the fire, tons of drinks, and food says to us how he thinks it's a bad idea for business to kick people out by 8 o'clock and how he thinks they're losing money. Out of nowhere, the old guy on the cool motorcycle starts arguing with us about how he knows they're not losing money and he knows because he's been going there for 20 years. WTH? WAS ANYONE TALKING TO YOU? First of all old man, business is being lost because the man who paid for the fire you are sitting by is a millionaire and now he's never going back to this place and he's going to let all his rich friends know. Second, 8 o'clock is super early, and people don't start going out to the bars until at least 10 o'clock. Maybe people went out earlier 20 years ago, but times have changed grandpa. \n\n(3) This was a main complaint from other people in our party, but this place does not have a full bar. You'll have to settle for a beer, margarita, or sneaking in your own flask to get a good buzz.\n\n-Sorry for my rant, but this place sucked. I'm usually not picky about my food, I usually enjoy the outdoors, and I'm usually a nice person. BUT if you like second hand smoke, crappy food, rude old men, inappropriately dressed sabertooths, and a lack of good alcohol then BY ALL MEANS, check this place out.