I remember when going to the Spaghetti Company was something to look forward to. Back then (about 30 years ago) it was one of the few restaurants in town, so the wait was considerable. That lobby is still there with the same stand-up video games and circa 20s sofas (reupholstered of course) and the restaurant still seems to be a place for an adventurous child to find hidden secrets and exotic places. Back then the wait to sit in the trolley (since removed and replaced with a replica) was over an hour. As a child the mystique of its cavernous faux Tiffany-style glass-enclosed \"rooms\" was a wondrous delight that could now only be matched in adult scale by the extravagance of the Winchester mansion of California.\n\nI've been back 4 or 5 times in recent months and am consistently surprised that for a restaurant that could seat a thousand, I must wait 10 to 15 minutes for a table. Tonight I was making my way back across the cavernous lobby to leave when I was called to be seated. I should have just left.\n\nOnce inside I discover why the wait is so long. Every table as far as the eye can see is covered with dirty dishes and glasses, but no one is sitting at any of them. How long they have been in such a state is anyone's guess, but tonight I was able to sit in the fake trolley and so was afforded the opportunity to see that only 2 of them were cleared throughout my entire meal. What a disgrace! You all should be ashamed of yourselves!\n\nOur server was extremely attentive and did his job with careful precision and punctuality. The only major error was when he kicked a piece of trash in the small walkway between trolley tables to a nearby corner. Oh my God; I just wanted to get up and go over and pick it up. Was that a crust of bread??!?!?! When he first arrived at our table, I asked if he needed some help clearing all these tables. What a disgrace! He told me that when he walked in, there were 130 people waiting in the lobby.\n\nThe food was exactly as expected -- somewhere below the quality of an Olive Garden. I think someone else here may have made the same comparison. Pasta overcooked to the point it can just barely hold its form anymore; meat sauce so gritty you wonder if this is what Manwich tastes like. Meatballs well formed and of overall good taste, but spiced with powdered everything, and old powder at that. Parmesan passed my test with little recognizable filler and of good body. Didn't taste like sawdust.\n\nBread obviously ordered by the hundred thousand, and obviously arrived frozen and partially cooked, Shamrock style, with the finish in a quick-heat just before serving. The cutting boards still have a second indentation for the garlic butter, but none was served. The butter that arrived was nothing like butter, but instead a whipped watery creamy colored stuff that should be the last straw that finally convinces you to throw down your napkin and sue \"I can't believe it's not butter\" for false advertising.\n\nThe salad was mostly dismal. The only redeeming ingredient in the entire meal was the olive oil used in the \"balsamic\" vinaigrette. I had to take several concentrated bites to try to convince myself that the red-wine vinegar they were trying to pass off as Balsamic was not actually cleaning-grade white vinegar, but the olive oil was really nice. Never mind  the basil or parsley or the whatever-name-you-can-come-up-with tasteless flakes in the dressing that had to be at least 20 years old. Ew.\n\nThere are times when I wish I could go back. I wish I hadn't dined under the artistry of chefs who celebrate the creation of cuisine. I used to be able to enjoy this crap, oblivious to the talent that's out there. Unfortunately Phoenix is slowly but surely returning to its roots. Where is our talent? Surely it is not at the Old Spaghetti Factory.