My girlfriend and I have eaten at Trambusto twice now.  The first time, just the two of us, and most recently with our 3 kids in tow.\n\nAs other reviewers have mentioned, the food is fantastic, and the price point is equally great.  Their staff is professional, efficient and very courteous. It's obvious that they've invested and developed a great hiring and training process.\n\nThis location is very small, but if you do have to wait for a table, you can have a glass of wine, or a beer at a reasonable price.  They offer 4 wines (two red, two white) all very fairly priced at $25 for a bottle.  There are also a couple of different beers to choose from.  In my opinion, this is a truly great concept (great, affordable food, lower overhead of a small location) when you factor in the high amount of residential devolpment in the area.  From what I've seen on my visits, they're building a very good take-away business.  \n\nThe pasta is made fresh daily, and the quality of ingredients is very good.  I would put any of their pizza or pasta options on par with higher end Italian restaurants that are happy to charge far more than Trambusto.\n\nOf the dishes that we've tried so far, my personal favorite is the Rigatoni which features a braised beef ragu, which is both hearty, and utterly delicious.  As of our visit on Saturday, by girlfriend has decided that the Spagetti alla Carbonara is going to be her \"go to\" cheat meal.\n\nWe've tried 4 different pizzas, and they are all equally delicious.  The crust is very light and has a nice crisp finish.  My favourite pizza is the Affumicato, the kids loved the Margherita (plus dry-cured pepperoni).\n\nMy girlfriend and I eat very healthy during the week, and we've designated Saturdays as the day for our \"cheat meal\".  So far, Trambusto has taken the #1 spot on our list for that meal, as we can pretty much cover all of our carb-bases from their menu, without having to spend a ton of money doing so.\n\nAs of our visit Saturday, they've yet to offer dessert, but rumour has it there's a Tiramisu in the making.  I'm absolutely positive that it will be the final piece to gaurantee I fall into an incredibly deep and well deserved food coma.  If your cheat meal can't put you down for a couple of hours...you're just not doing it right...Trambusto is most definitely doing it right.