Being a child immigrant, I grew up in a real melting pot neighbourhood and I ate the foods of so many different cultures.  Indian food to this day remains one of my most favorite foods.  I used to frequent Babur on Queen St. (right near CITY TV) but of late have been really disappointed.  \n\nI finally found another small harbour to indulge my love for Indian food and that would be Chutney's on Bloor St. W (west of Royal York, near Montgomery).  The place is absolutely spotless, with pristine, crisp white linen on the tables.  When the server places the plate on the table they always hold the plate by a cloth napkin.  So polite.  \n\nThe chicken dishes are all great, be it Saffron Chicken, Butter Chicken or Saag Chicken (it's green so if you don't like spinach avoid this one altogether!)  One of my most favorite vegetable dishes is the Eggplant Patiala, it's got an attitude.  We'll often order the seafood curry which has four different kinds of fish\/shellfish in a really lovely coconut curry sauce.  Apps are all decent but I am very partial to the Onion Bhajia.  They are crispy and the chickpea crust isn't soggy or oily.  I hate when the first thing you can taste is the oil.  Pulao is also good but I resent paying $6-$9 dollars for basically a rice dish so we usually just go with basmati.  Naan is made fresh and there is nothing more comforting than soaking up the saffron sauce from the chicken with a piece of fresh hot naan.  \n\nThe wait staff will ask you how you like the temperature of your indian food, I'm in the middle of the road.  I'm getting old and I am so not into the burning ring of fire the next day.  The restaurant always serves up a shot of Mango Lasshi (sp?) with a small shot of liquer in it as a compliment.  \n\nChutney's offers a take out bargain.  If you order your dinner between 4:00-5:00 (even though I don't pick it up until around 6 p.m. on my way home from work) they offer a 35% discount.  What a bargain.  I have taken home a killer takeaway Indian dinner for about $38.00  We've always got a few leftovers for lunch at work the next day.