This is a fairly long story. And I will do my best to be fair, not angry. \n\nLast week we brought 3 dogs in for grooming. 1 small dog (4 lb Yorkie) and 2 larger dogs (20-23 lbs each). When I went in, I was alone. I brought the larger dogs in first. The yorkie was in the car with the window cracked, fan on and water in the car for approximately 3 minutes. \n\nEveryone was very helpful in trying to get us all in quickly because I was alone with 3 crazy dogs! For that I am grateful. The owner even asked if I wanted help. Very nice and concerned which I appreciated. I told her it was fine and easier for me to do it on my own. \n\nI spoke with the groomer regarding the needs of my small dog. She is fidgety, scared and has had a bad grooming experience in the past. I asked her to be careful around sensitive areas (ears, nose, nails etc..) and not to worry if she couldn't do them. \nI left feeling very confident and everyone in the store was very nice. \n\nAbout 3 hours after their appointment I called to see if they were ready. We arrived to pick them up and the girl at the front stated that the groomer wanted to talk to us. \n\nThe big dogs were fine. The little one had been cut just under her eye. The small wound was causing bleeding in and around her eye. She was fully groomed. The groomer informed me she hadn't called because she was new, didn't know the policies and was scared. She told me she hadn't told anyone what happened. \n\nWe took our dogs and went to the front. The owners were not there. An associate spoke with us and I was upset and angry that we hadn't been called. A woman told me that I needed to calm down (mistake). \n\nWe took the dog to the vet and she required 3 stitches which meant she needed anesthesia. \n\nWe went in yesterday to meet with the owner regarding the situation. We explained that we are not upset the dog was hurt. These things happen. What we are upset about is the way it had been handled. \n\n* We were not called to be told the dog was hurt. \n* We do not know how long she sat there with a cut on her eye that needed medical attention. \n* The groomer admitted to being afraid to call. This meant our dog was put in harms way when she should have been treated. \n\nThe owner wanted us to pay for the other 2 dogs. Ultimately she would put their services toward the vet bill. This way her groomer could be paid. I did not not think we should pay anything. Neither did my husband. Had she been open and honest and called us, I would gladly have paid. \n\nWe mentioned that we would do what we felt necessary if they were going to pay us for only part of the bill. She asked if we were threatening her and my husband told her absolutely not.  We were told we were being taped (both audio and visual). My husband and the owner continued to discuss the situation. She then looked at me, pointed her finger to my face and said \"YOU left your dog in the car. I was the one who was worried about her. I bet you didn't tell your husband that did you\". This was on the floor of her store. I told her it was irrelevant because my dog was fine and safe. My husband started to talk to her and she stalked away. \n\nShe returned with the check, paid in full and we thanked her. \n\nI am posting this for people to make their own judgements. This could have and should have been handled better. Again, things happen and dogs get hurt. Especially fidgety ones. I appreciate that no excuses were made for the groomer, but the way we (and our dog) were treated was not ok. And I think people need to know about it.