My friends and I have been waiting for Magal to open for, what seemed to be, forever. Magal is actually has several other locations outside of Nevada. They have locations in California and, I believe, a location in New York as well. The only thing is that I feel as though they opened so late that they're at a disadvantage.\n\nMy friends and I came to have dinner about two days after their grand opening. We decided to go with two small combos. The size difference between the small combo and the large combo doesn't make sense when you calculate the price of it. You get more with two small combos when it comes down to it. We got a small beef combo and a small pork combo. \n\nFor the beef combo, it comes with brisket, boneless short rib\/rib eye, marinated rib eye, boneless short rib sushi, prawns, and soybean soup. For the pork combo, it comes with pork belly, pork neck, pork collar\/spicy pork skirt meat, prawns, rib eye sushi, and soybean soup. \n\nEverything was decently good. I didn't care too much for the rib eye sushi because it's just for entertainment. They torch the raw thin slice of rib eye while it's on top of some sushi rice. So some of the rice gets torched as well and then at the end, they pour some sauce over it for you to eat. It was more like \"Oh that's really cool!\" and when you eat it, it's like \"Oh okay...\"\n\nEverything else was pretty alright. The meat quality is really good. Also, what I did love was that our server was constantly there, cooking for us -- they were also constantly changing the grills almost every time we switched meats. The grill itself has a ring around it. Two areas had a corn salad, there was egg that was cooking on like half of the ring, and then there was an area where you can put cooked meats. I didn't like the egg portion though because if you didn't eat it at the right time, it was overcooked. Overcooked egg is meh. I think I would've preferred if they put mozzarella cheese where the egg is and that would've been better. \n\nAs for the banchan, they didn't have much to offer besides the fish cake and kimchi. The variety was puny. \n\nAt the end of the meal, I really wanted to order the volcano fried rice. It looked really interesting but if you order it, you have to order a minimum of 2 ... so we ordered two. They cooked it all in front of you at your grill. It was entertaining to watch. The flavor? Eh. Nothing to write home about. \n\nOh, here's the real winner of the night, a dead bug dropped onto my head. I felt something drop on my head and I was just so confused so when I put my hand there to grab whatever it was ... it turned out to be a dead beetle. Great ending! I did tell management and they were kind enough to take off the fried rice from our bill for compensating us. But it was odd -- the manager even said that they cleaned the hoods in the morning so he wasn't even sure where it came from. Plus, it's a new establishment, there shouldn't be dead bugs anywhere!!! Anyways..\n\nOverall, I think Magal opened really late -- there have already been two new KBBQ joints that opened before them: Hobak and Goong. I have tried Hobak and I like Hobak better as a whole than Magal. Magal, to me, doesn't hold much of a difference than many other KBBQ joints aside from the server changing grills every time. For the meat quality, I can go somewhere else. For a server to cook for me, I can also go somewhere else. In the end, there's nothing at Magal that would make me go back ...