One of the three Lindo Michoacan locations in Las Vegas, this one can definitely hold its own. While not quite as good as its sister locations, this is the closest one to me so I eat here often. The signature stellar Lindo service is here (really, how do they always manage to give 5 star service no matter the time of day) and the food is delicious. \n\nI love the queso here, it's basically a big plate of REAL melty cheese baked with charred poblano peppers and served with Lindo's delicious homemade flour tortillas! I love the tortillas here and I frequently eat my weight in them (bye bye low carb diet). The complimentary chips, salsa and bean dip is always a hit too. The food here is just delicious. You can't go wrong with many of the dishes (although sometimes the chicken quality in some of the specialty dishes is a little bit rubbery and \"off\" -- don't know why, but it has happened a couple of times at this location). I've never had an issue with the chicken quality in the chicken fajitas or with any of the seafood or beef dishes. The guacamole is worth getting, and they have yummy Diet Pepsi and fresh brewed iced tea. Again, the focus is on quality and service. \n\nThe prices are higher than your average Mexican restaurant but I think it's worth it. This location runs incredible lunch deals and specials during the week, and the kitchen is fast so it's the perfect spot for a quick workday lunch. \n\nThe hostesses will automatically try to seat you in the bar section of the restaurant if you are a party of just adults. There's an extra special atmosphere in this area on weeknights when a dude in a sparkly red shirt plays a synthesizer and sings pop songs in broken English. It's pretty rad and it's not too loud, which is nice. If you are looking for a quieter experience, ask to be seated in the other part of the restaurant. \n\nNote that the parking lot here is deceptive and is often overflowing with cars. Even if it appears packed, do not be discouraged and assume there's a wait -- go in anyway. I've never had to wait here even on a very busy Saturday night.