I had only one expectation coming here.  That it was going to blow my mind and...it sure did!\n\nI am in no way a connoisseur of cured meats.  I actually wasn't fully aware of what the true meaning was.  As our server explained it to us, it's the process of using the entire animal for the meal and then curing it by adding spices, smoking it or preserving it for later in salt.  You could say I almost went into this blindly...but the other yelpers reviews don't lie!\n\nWe started off with two meat and cheese platters:\nSalami -lardo, mortadella, pate campagola, ciccioli, chicken rillettes, cornichon, mustard, red onion, pickles and beets\nPA Farmstead Cheeses - stone meadow, crottin de chevre, commonfolk, blue misty river, midnight dream and candied prunes\n\nI was surprised to like the chicken rillettes the most (I'm not the biggest chicken fan).  It seemed to have the most flavor to me.  The mustard was AWESOME! I wanted to slather it on everything! I also enjoyed the homemade pickled pickles (heehee), beets and onions.  I really liked the crottin de chevre because I like hard and sharp cheeses more than the softer ones.  It was an awesome combo with the light honey drizzle and the candied prunes.  Can you believe I've never had a prune?  The thought of them scared me, but it was delicious!\n\nSince I've never been to a place like this before I wasn't too sure what to order for dinner.  I just picked the meat I thought sounded best, which was the duck.  I'm not lying when I took my first bite and my first thought was \"orgasmic!\"  Seriously folks, the duck was so tender and succulent with a crisp and incredibly well seasoned outside.  I had devoured the first slice of duck before I realized I hadn't cut off the fat...oops.  First thought was I should cut the rest off....eh...whatever it's all incredible, I'm downing the whole package baby!  \n\nI also loved the spaetzle, melted cabbage, mustard and apple combo it came with.  I'm a huge cabbage fan and the flavors were just incredible again.  I would have licked my plate if I could, next best thing was leaving not a morsel left.  \n\nThe finale of our meal was the chocolate souffle cake with pistachio butter.  I will say, I do not usually like chocolate cake but this was again orgasmic and a total party in my mouth.  Just so moist with a perfect balance of chocolate so that it wasn't too rich.  And the pistachio butter, incredible!  Can I get that in a jar to go please?\n\nIt gets better though!  It's BYOB, so bring your fave bottle!  Reservations are a must, as it's a tiny place.  I have to also add that service was incredible and my water glass never fell below the halfway point.  The servers also were super descriptive with the menu and helped make our decisions easier.  I so appreciate good service...you could just tell they enjoyed what they were doing and were totally into the food!  I mean, who wouldn't at this point!