Sing it with me......REEED ROBIN.....YUM! ;)\n\nOohhh my goodness....my brain can't think because it is SOO LOUD IN HERE!  Now I remember why back in the days I would bring my baby here.  Because no matter how loud she screams no one notices. LOL  I think its so loud that you actually have to yell to communicate with the person you are with so its all an ugly vicious cycle. \n\nSunday afternoon we decided on a burger-lunch and thought it had been so long since we had been here.  Now we remember why. hahah The waiting area was full but must have been for a large party because our party of 2 got seated right away.  Every seat in this place was full.  Tons of large parties full of families and friends!  Maybe the after-church crowds as well.  So much I forgot about this place-not a frequent favorite just for the fact there aren't too many healthy options here.  If you can control yourself they do serve salads.  I'm just not sure how healthy they are since I'm not the one who can order salad with a menu that has fantastic pictures enticing your blurred and echoing thinking.  \n\nWe were literally seated for less than 5 minutes when our waitress came to apologize for the wait.  Wait?  What wait?  Very nice girl but a little ditsy.  I don't generally go for burgers anywhere.  I usually opt for the grilled chicken for a healthier choice.  Today I was going all out.  Here's what we ordered:\n\nWhisky BBQ burger - slightly greasy bun, topped with a juicy on the inside burger with crispy onion strings and a smoky bbq sauce.  Yes I didn't go for the lowest in calorie\/fat option.  It was pretty great though.  I had to cut it in fourths so I could actually eat it in a nice non-messy way.  My once a year indulgence didn't fail me...er-until just now.....SHOW STOPPER....  Might I say how disgusted I am now that I looked at the nutritional value of this burger....Oh my freakin gawd......1138 calories 70 grams of fat!  HOLY SHIT!  My hour workout that night didn't even put a dent in that!  (not even funny right now) Sniff sniff.....Tear.\n\nto continue....BF ordered a regular cheese burger with mustard and crispy onion strings.  He said it was the best he's had in a long time.  He ordered a side of coleslaw and loved it.\n\n....and don't forget the \"bottomless steakfries\"...its what they advertise on TV.  ...and I am not even looking at the nutritional value of these! God help me here!  I have to say that I'm not a huge fan of steak fries but I ate a few anyway.  I've seen other reviews about the seasoning on the tables.  Nothing (at all) special to me.  The fries are dry anyway and the seasoning doesn't even stick.  So \"eh\" on the fries. Maybe I will substitute them next time-FOR SALAD (disgusted still).  BTW we didn't need bottomless as there were plenty that we didn't finish....Thank God!\n\nCustomer service is outstanding.  The manager checked on our table several times.  Drinks never ran low and our server was super attentive in the midst of her many other tables.  I am often amazed when someone can juggle all that and still be pleasant and attentive.  I know.  Yes agreed...that's how it should be.\n\nOverall the place is fun, loud and perfect to bring your really boisterous family and friends to clog their arteries!  Enjoy THAT would ya!  =)