So I've been passing by this place for sometime now, and finally I've built up the courage to actually stop in and try it. Needless to say, I would like to know where I can sign up to be a regular here! This place, the staff, the food, and experience was absolutely amazing. \n\nI came here for dinner to try the Pho since I've heard a lot of good things. I started by ordering a kilt lifter beer and the infamous spring rolls. These spring rolls were a huge hit for me! Extremely refreshing and the taste was more than imagined. The dipping sauce that come with the rolls had a peculiar taste that seemed to be addicting. I have to give two thumbs up for the spring rolls! I ordered the Surf and Turf pho (which is not on the menu) the waitress Faith told me about the hidden menu item, and it sounded perfect for what I was craving. Once I received the pho I had this sense of excitement and astonishment, by the preparation\/ presentation of the whole course. (Laymans term: it looks cool and came with a lot of sides to customize the flavor. VERY FUN!) The broth had a great unique taste, which kept me in wonder how they did it! The Pho here is worthy for anyone to try. I would recommend it for sure!\n\nOnce I was finished with my pho. Faith(waitress) asked if I would like some coffee with liquor in it. It's sounded amazing when she described all the stuff they put in it. I told her\" YES, I want one of those!!\" Once I tasted this cup of coffee, I thought to myself...\"does this place have anything that is bad about it? I can't seem to find it!\" Long story short.. The coffee was brilliant! It's not on the menu and doesn't have a name yet. I told Faith, they should call it \"Kung Pao Coffee\" If you should choose to try this coffee. Ask Faith, Dallas recommends the Kung Pao coffee. She will know what your talking about. Haha  \n\nSo obviously my experience is worth five stars.. Since this is my first visit here, I would like to witness the same kind of experience and customer service on my second visit for the fifth star to evaluate accuracy of it all. \n\nI will be visiting you again Saigon Kitchen! Mark my words. Haha Great job!