Does what it does and does it well.\n\nA while back I read an article how most women aren't wearing the correct bra. During that time, I was losing a large amount of weight. I figured with the possibility that I never had the correct size AND the weight loss, it was time to get fitted.\n\nI searched Yelp for Bra Fitting and this place came up. I looked at the store hours - Closed at 5:00 on Saturday. \n\nDarn! I really wanted to go but that would put me there at 4:30. I didn't want to be one of those people that show up 5 minutes before closing but I figured 30 minutes was within the realm of politeness. \n\nI arrived 30 minutes before and walked into the tiny store. Yes it's tiny but everything seems nicely placed. I met a very nice lady named Claudia who sized me up and gave me a few bras to try. Most were right on the money and fitted great. A few were too tight but that's part of the process. She knew what she was doing considering I was in and out within 10 minutes with some great fitting bras. But let me back track a bit.\n\nI haven't gotten fitted in years. The first time was a long inefficent affair. Claudia took my measurements (bust and band) and boom. Here's a bra that fits you well. Kudos. Some women have expressed worry at the process. Was it demeaning or embarrassing? Well, I can't speak for others but there was nothing uncomfortable about it. Maybe I'm naturally at ease.  Maybe Claudia just has a relaxing personality. Who knows but the end result for ME was pleasant.\n\nAs mentioned, I did arrive 30 minutes before and prefaced I wouldn't be too long. She gave a friendly \"it's OK\" wave and said take your time. Made me feel very welcome.\n\nThe prices seemed relatively comparable to other sites. I looked them up online and there were the same price online as in the store (with the exception of taxes). I'd rather get them in the store since you know for sure they'll fit and how they look.\n\nWhen you go, just know there are more choices in the back or in storage. As mentioned it's a small store but if you tell her what you're looking for she can get some choices for you pretty quick. A small shop doesn't equal small choices. Bras don't take a lot of space and there's plenty there (along with other types of lingerie).\n\nSo if you want a nice shop with a friendly person who'll do a free fitting and provide a large selection of bras, check out the Bra Boutique and keep abreast of your current size. The girls have never felt better.