After once again searching Yelp for some of the higher reviewed places near where I live I found the Naked City Pizza Shop.  \n\nThe pizza shop is located inside of the Moon Doggies bar.  It's not even sectioned off like a Subway inside of a convenience store, it's really just a window in the wall.  It can be quite difficult to find if you've never been there before -- it's on the northeast corner of Arville and Desert Inn.  The bar itself seems to have bar seats for 15 people and small tables & high chairs for another 15.  It's the epitome of a dive bar but it seems to be clean enough.  Aside from the video poker at the bar, there's a golf arcade game, a hunting arcade game, an electronic dartboard, and one of those punching bag games.  Smoking is allowed everywhere, if that's make-or-break for you.\n\nI came with a friend around 1:30 PM on a Tuesday and obviously there was little traffic.  The guy running the shop was really nice and attentive.  Huge bonus points for that, although some of the other reviews talk about bad or slow service so your mileage may vary.  We decided to try a little bit of everything and planned on taking quite a bit home with us.  Like other reviewers note, whether or not you eat there, everything is served in the styrofoam takeout containers.  If you eat there you do get some plates and plastic cutlery though.\n\nWe got some single slices of pepperoni pizza, a ham sub, seasoned fries, garlic buns, suicide wings, and fried dough.  Even a single slice of the pizza is huge and tastes great with a good sauce, great cheese, and superb dough.  I believe they call it Brooklyn style but all I know is it was great.  The pizza reminded me of Pizza Hut when I was a kid.  I don't mean in terms of taste or quality, but for me it was always a treat to get to go to Pizza Hut as a kid.  Nowadays I find their pizza quite bland, perhaps because my taste buds have changed, perhaps because their ingredients have changed.   Anyway Naked City's pizza gives me that same feeling as when I was a kid.\n\nThe ham sub has a lot of ham and a lot of cheese in it, and the bun of the sub is toasted, but it's just like something you would make from stuff you got in the store.   I would imagine some of the heated subs using their pizza ingredients are better.  The fries were great.  Done perfectly, and even the small for $2 filled up an entire styrofoam container.  The garlic buns are like garlic bread with cheese, served with marinara (which Naked City calls 'red sauce' on their menu).  Absolutely delicious with the bubbly browned cheese.  The wings themselves are large but nothing special.  The suicide hot sauce is quite messy but very hot.  The fried dough was quite good and covered in chocolate sauce.  It, like pretty much everything else, filled up a single styrofoam container but it wasn't \"heavy\" as far as desserts go.  \n\nThe chef\/server was really nice and as I mentioned above service was fairly fast.  Even though we ordered the dessert along with everything else he said he would bring it out a while after we had gotten the rest of our food and he even brought over a pitcher of soda for us so we wouldn't have to ask for a bunch of refills.  I'll be honest, I think the quality of service at most places in Vegas ranges from average to terrible, but this was top notch.\n\nOverall, I'm a bit torn.  The food is great quality, huge portions, and very cheap.  The location leaves a lot to be desired though. I get the feeling that such good pizza and sides are almost wasted on the patrons of a bar when it deserves to be in a restaurant on its own.  This is definitely a diamond in the rough.   I'll probably go on my own again, get takeout, or order delivery, but it's pretty unlikely I'd take a group of friends or my family there.