As a vegetarian in a Brazilian steakhouse, I was surprised with the amount of food I was able to eat. They provide a cheaper salad bar only option which is more equipped than your average salad bar.  The cold bar had your usual salad and veggie toppings, bread, cheese, etc. There's a smaller hot bar side with soup (not vegetarian that night sadly), rice, beans, mushrooms, and potatoes. I had more than enough options to choose from - maybe too much because I was dying at the end from too much food! Additionally, at the table, they provide cheese bread, mashed potatoes, and sweet plantains.\n\nDessert is not included in the meal and unfortunately, you'll have to pay extra if you want that slice of cake. A server comes to you with a tray of options. They have various cakes, pies, an crème brulee. We decided to pass on the dessert because 1) the sweet plantains served as a good dessert and 2) my stomach was already in pain from all the food at the bar. \n\nMy biggest complaint would be the disorganized service. Knowing it would be a busy time, we came equipped with a reservation, however, we were not seated until 15 minutes after despite seeing empty tables throughout the room. Even after we were seated, we kept receiving calls because some of the hosts did not realize we were already eating. \n\nAt the table, you get cards to notify the meat servers whether you want them to come up to you or not. Obviously as a vegetarian and having only purchased the salad bar option, mine was flipped over to the 'No Thanks\" side. Despite that, servers kept asking me if I wanted meat and one even threw a slice of pork on my plate after I said no. I think the systems has some kinks it could work out.\n\nDespite a few disappointing moments with service, Texas de Brazil gets a 4 star rating from me. The variety and quality of the food went above my expectations. Even though I could eat any of the meat, it was a fun experience to see the unique serving system. I would definitely return in the future (but maybe with less form fitting clothes)