I don't know what business this place is into but I can tell you for a fact that they are not in the business of selling cars.  My entire family came with me to purchase a vehicle.  I had seen a Buick at a Cadillac dealership that piqued my interest so we looked up this place online and drove over.  I found one on the lot that I liked and I checked it out then looked at my stepdad and said \"yes, this is exactly what I want, I gotta get this one.\" As soon as those words left my mouth, I saw the car sales man walking up and I thought \"shit, I just lost my edge.\"  We asked the guy questions about the vehicle and even though he admitted to working there for four years the only thing he knew about the vehicle was that it was the highest selling one on Buicks line.  That's it!  He didn't know anything about the interior, engine, history, nothin'.  \n\nI asked him to test drive it and handed over my drivers license and that was it, I never saw him again.  During our long wait we had ample time to take turns sitting in each seat and whipped out our smartphones to check stats on the vehicle while we waited for him to come back with the keys but he never did.  We couldn't see the building from where we were so we didn't know exactly where he went but finally my mom said she was sick of waiting for him so went to find him.  She came back absolutely disgusted because the guy was just sitting there when she walked in and said \"oh, someone left with the keys to that vehicle.\"  The sun was up when I handed him my drivers license and it was dark by this time, that's how long we waited for this oaf!  Clearly he had no interest in selling this vehicle to me.  He didn't walk my mom out or offer another vehicle to test drive or make arrangements to come back when the key was returned, he just handed her my license back and said someone left with the keys.\n\nThis ended up working to my advantage because we were able to view the consumer reports during our long wait and we saw that this particular vehicle has the worst ratings out of any of the other vehicles I checked out.