PARENTS OF UNLV STUDENTS & UNLV STUDENTS BEWARE!!!\nIf you are looking for housing near UNLV AVOID THESE APARTMENTS AT ALL COSTS!!!\n\nThere is constant turn over of management, with NO communication or documentation from one manager to the next so there is no written record of agreements made between managers and tenants and the tenants pays the price for this horrible and unprofessional mismanagement. Our daughter was a tenant here while she was competing her degree at UNLV. A few of the many incidents that happened while she rented:\n1. They advertise free wifi, but that is only for apartments close to their router. As a student it is imperative to have reliable internet, and it was NOT provided to our daughter's apartment so we had to pay Cox separate so she could use her computer from her apartment. Whenever she would ask management about the wifi they always claimed it was coming soon, but in the almost 2 and a half years she lived there, it never was provided my owners\/management.\n2. During the summer of 2015 our daughter's apartment unit was completely without hot water for a MONTH! No hot water for showers, dishes, laundry. This happened to coincide with the start of an important summer internship. Because of the internship hours she was gone during the hours the office was open and when she would try to get information or updates on Saturdays when office was open, the regular manager was off and whoever was covering never had any updates or information regarding when repairs were to be completed and hot water restored. Since she was not home during office hours, her father tried to phone the management to get updates\/information. He was regularly given the run around as to what was going on and when the hot water would be available again. At one point he was told hot water was an \"amenity\", when he mentioned hot water was required for sanitation, hygiene, and a habitable environment he was hung up on and his phone calls were no longer answered, nor his messages returned. Our daughter started showering at the fabulous Korean Imperial Spa, after one of the managers\/assistant managers told my husband she would be reimbursed for needing to shower elsewhere. She was NEVER reimbursed.\n3. The bathroom sink started leaking into the under sink storage area. She reported this in person to management who told her to take out all her things from under the sink and put a plate under the leak. These are not spacious studios so having all her toiletries out from under sink took up precious space. She regularly reminded manager about leak, but it was 2 MONTHS before someone was sent to repair it, which then took less than 30 minutes!\n4. If someone in apartment nextdoor, outside or behind is smoking, all the smell gets in the adjoining apartments. The same is true when apartments are being painted or redone, the smells of adhesives and solvents permeate through somehow making the apartment smell toxic for hours.\n5. When her air conditioner stopped working it was replaced with a less broken ac, but never one that worked well.\n6. All the outside lights leading up to and around our daughter's apartment were never on\/working which created a dark and potentially dangerous environment.\n7. There are frequent loud and violent episodes here. When my husband was visiting in November he walked near 2 people fighting with a sharp kitchen knife. Fortunately the police do respond quickly, but it's ridiculous how often the police are there.\n8. Our daughter was told by one manager she could move out in December and was not bound by previous lease, and then new\/current owner\/manager sent her a bill saying she had 7 days to pay for breaking her lease and was excessively rude to her on the phone. \n\nWhoever the owners\/managers are and no matter what they change the name of apartment to, they are not to be trusted! The customer service and mismanagement is beyond rude and unprofessional, especially given what some of the tenants have to put up with!