This is an interesting venue for sure. I have only been here twice; once when I was in 2nd year of university and I was captain of the school's exchange committee (so I brought exchange students from all around the world for salsa-ing...sigh...) and just recently for a bachelorette. As per other reviews, this is a popular destination for bachelorette's and I can see why. It is a fun and lively place to be.\n\nThe party was slightly spoiled in the beginning by the obnoxious guy who checks bag at the entrance. First of all, I really don't understand why bags need to be checked...I felt like I was in certain malls where police use their big sticks and flashlights to seek counterfeit or banned goods. We had brought a variety of things for the bachelorette (games, prizes, balloons, etc...) and the guy said that we had to check in the bags at $2\/bag. We said that the items were for the bachelorette (re-iterated prizes, games, etc...) and he responded \"why do you need all those things anyways?\" Finally, he conceded (with a HUGE sigh and eye roll) but I personally felt he had targeted us just to be nasty or spiteful. So beware - you could get grilled more than at a security check point at the airport.\n\nThe rest of the evening was better. The hostess had brought the bride-to-be a martini and the waiters were very obliging. One had to be part of a game which included girls to be blindfolded and to have \"man parts\" stuck on the waiter... \n\nFood was actually better than anticipated. I was not that hungry but I had a salad and crab cakes which were moist and fluffy. Portions are quite big so do not be afraid to share (they have lots of Tapas items on the menu). Signature meats, pastas (for the vegetarians) and paella's are of course available. Lots of drink options and a reasonable selection of red and whites.\n\nThe restaurant turns into a semi-club in the evening with a salsa lesson. Space is limited for the class so don't expect to be doing the Pasa Doble, however, it is fun. And yes, the ratio of women to men is 100:1 however later on in the evening, there are many single men who will either ask you kindly to dance or just grab you from behind and start grinding...be warned.\n\nFYI. Be sure to bring lots of towels for mopping sweat. Because the dancing area is so small, be prepared to have men in their sweat-soaked shirts rub against your bare arms so that your arm is drenched...many of my girl friends also experienced this unfortunate sweat transfer.\n\nAll in all, this is a fun place for dancing and entertainment!