You really can't beat the $25 local special for 18 and a cart. Unfortunately, the combination of $25 golfers, 20 mph winds, and the course set up led to the word \"fore\" being echoed throughout our round and having us ducking for cover multiple times. I've played this course maybe 4 or 5 times in the past and would say that I am normally a fan, but the lack of marshal supervision on our last round really put a damper on our experience.\n\nLocated north of Downtown on Bonanza, the course is easily accessible from all parts of the Valley including a short ride for those on the Strip. Make sure you get there early enough to take advantage of the bi-level driving range with artificial turf mats. The course is usually well kept and you'll see some signature Pete Dye landmarks such as plenty of pine trees, railroad ties, and smaller greens with strategically placed bunkers. The two finishing holes before you reach the clubouse, 9 and 18, are the top two handicapped holes both playing 440+ with water guarding one side of the green.\n\nBecause of the location of the course, there's limited acreage which leads to the course playing short (6222 from the tips) and tight. This of course means plenty of stray drives leaving you feeling that you're at a firing range with a golf ball with your name on it heading towards you with every ping of a drive on another hole. \n\nSome extras that are available to golfers are the electrically powered and surf-simulating GolfBoards which look fun and can speed the pace of play. As the GolfBoards can speed up the pace of play, an extra that won't is the Birdie Mates where golfers can purchase the accompaniment of a female to give you course intel and to perform splits on the green while you putt to win a skin. All of this for the price of $225.\n\nOn the Thursday afternoon we golfed, the two heavily drinking foursomes in front of us both purchased Birdie Mates resulting in a 5-hour round pushing twilight by the time we were on 18. These two foursomes took their good ole time holding up the entire course. A breathalizer would have malfunctioned if you administered one to them. But what was most disappointing was there was not one marshal in sight during the entire 5 hours to push the pace of play. These guys even decided to play 18 as an eightsome. This agonizing round will definitely having me considering other options before I golf at this course again.