Happened to be in the plaza here at Weston Road and Hwy 401 and realized it was getting on in the afternoon and had yet to eat lunch! Unacceptable! What was also unacceptable was that it appeared my only lunch options in this plaza were Timmy-Ho's and McDonalds.\n\nNot satisfied I drove around the back of the plaza and came upon Wakame Sushi - what luck. I'm typically a little reluctant to do sushi in strange plazas but I was hungry and knew sushi would be better for me than a Big Mac (resolutions remember).\n\nWalked in and the space is deceivingly large and very long. I would guess somewhere in the 75-125 seats. It was fairly empty with only a half dozen tables also grabbing a late lunch. The offer both AYCE lunch and dinner, as well as a la carte sushi. Normally I'm hands down an AYCE guy, but I'm tired of feeling like I have to eat everything rather than wanting to eat what I order, so I opted for a la carte and ordered the Sushi + Sashimi Tokyo combo and subbed out the standard salad and california roll (the worlds most pointless roll ever) for a seaweed salad and spicy tuna roll (at a out $2\/substitution).\n\nWithin seconds a sizable bowl of Miso soup and Seaweed salad were presented to me as well as green tea and water. Perfect. The miso soup was pretty much as you would expect but it did have quite a bit more green and tofu which I really enjoyed, and the seaweed salad was amazing - standard in taste but there was something much better about both the temperature (meaning not frozen) and the texture. Full points on each!\n\nBefore I could finish my soup and salad my main was brought to me and my eyes lit up! Finally a place that gives you SASHIMI when you order SASHIMI (not sashimi...). Three 1\"-1.5\" thick slices each of Salmon, Surf clam, Red Tuna, white fish, and red snapper - I honestly haven't seen such thick cuts of fish in ages! As well even the sushi assortment (crab, salmon, red tuna, red snapper, etc) were perfectly formed and not skimpy on the fishy! They always say you can tell good sushi by the rice and the rice here was easily one of the best around I've had in awhile. Lastly the subbed in spicy tuna roll was done perfectly, separate and identifiable portions of both chopped red tuna and spicy tempura were present in six well sized pieces of maki roll, and the taste - so fresh, so crunchy and delicious!\n\nThere isn't much more to say, that hasn't been said already, this is truly a hidden gem and if you're in the area tell McDicks to take a McHike and spend your dollar bills at Wakame!\n\nEatcrest Out