So finally got around to trying El Dorado Cantina. I know the place has gotten lot of hype mostly five star kind since day one. In my humble opinion feel like the food was good but nothing trendsetting or off the charts. The food would be 3stars. The service, entire staff, and Chef Paco not doubt five star experience. Everyone on the staff super friendly from the moment you walk in from the hostess, the wait staff, and Chef Paco that guy no doubt love the man passion not only for his food! See Chef Paco walking around the dining room introducing himself, asking for feedback, checking make sure everything is great, and fun friendly guy easy make conversations. I know one of his regular customers. So next thing know started short conversation talking stories about our mutual friends. He telling me about his family flan that passed on from generation to generation that on the menu Our waiter was great came for dinner with friend that also had El Dorado bookmarked. We had few questions being first timers and even asked is could get one of each empanada. He came back said it was ok. So between the two of us got in few things for first timers.....\n\nWe started with the empanada like mention the menu choice of three different ones but asked if could get one of each. The cheese, chicken, or beef. I felt like the cheese was the best one out of the three. The portion size was pretty size although was appetizer. My first thought was looks like mini pizza pockets. The presentation liked with the sour cream drizzle on the bottom and nice little shredded red cabbage salad with salsa on the side. Nothing really that was wow. The wings was ok. Just your ordinary basic fried wings with side of ranch and celery sticks. We ordered on the spicy side since my friend likes spicy food. It had not much of kick at all. Our entree we went with street tacos. We ordered one of each (six different ones on the menu) split each one. They were all solid street tacos. We finish was complimentary flan with your yelp check in. The family flam that Chef Paco passed on to him. I love the flan! It not as custard but more dense then regular one. So not as much jiggly going on. Still had nice cream, rich, and filling with every bite. The caramel crust on top was on point. \n\nThe only thing that found odd. Every item that came out was not HOT HOT. Not in spice level but temperature. My idea of street taco you heat the tortilla! Whatever your protein choose throw that on flat top or what not then put both together. Maybe since the restaurant literally next to strip club and way back the building was LVAC. Not sure where the kitchen is or how the place is set up. It was consistent through out our whole meal. The wings thinking deep fry then out but again not even warm warm. Empanada same the filling was not smoking hot take that first bite or cut each on in half since we shared everything. It would have made the dining experience better one.\n\nThe table side guacamole or salsa. It looks cool but we never had enough room try that one next visit. They run special all the times on different days of the week. Sunday that one of the better days our waiter was telling us. The Happy Hour prices especially the food times are steal of deal. Like not been mention before might not be in the best of areas, or could get lost thinking going to Sapphire or El Dorado Cantina. Literally both front doors next to one another. If not been El Dorado Cantina place worth checking out. The bar area nice size. Lots of televisions to watch sports, decor has different vibe, and hell if feel adventurous always go next door keep the good times rolling or taking it whole another level. LoL!!!!!