Pro: best buffet on the strip, prime rib comes in different cook times (well, mid well, mid rare), helpful tips at the salad bar. Clean bathrooms. \n\nCon: angry yet useful waiters, possible long lines with seafood. \n\nThis the Mecca of all buffets, the one that we planned the whole CES trip around, what to eat before hand for a few days, what to eat that morning, and what to calm ourselves down afterward. Yes, I know it is a bit insane, but when you are serious with good food, you plan your attack. 1st tip, go into the buffet before 3:30 pm to get the lunch rate and stay for the dinner. \n\nThe decor is flowery with a lot of bright corners flooded by the ceiling lights, good to spot water on the marble floors at the serving tables. Take a quick tour of all the available food first, this buffet is about twice as big as Mandalay bar, three times as big as the state line hotels, know what is around first will be very important. 2nd tip, carb and meaty protein first, then cultural sidedish and seafood, then finish with light salad and desert. \n\nTry to avoid the crazy Asian dinner crowd, they are the locust that destroyed the crops in Egypt. If there are 20 Asians waiting on the crabs and shrimp, don't bother to check it out for at least 30 minutes, for they will just wipe out everything without any consideration to other patrons. This goes back to getting there early, that way you won't get stormed like Anita did (hail!) 3rd tip, take a break, this is a marathon, not a sprint. \n\nThe desert could be a death trips for kids, since they tend to swarm the usual fare - cookies and ice cream. If I have to make one suggestion to the buffet, it would the cookies. Those things are hard enough to cut glass, I had drown a chocolate chip in a glass of milk for 2 minutes (clocked it) and it still came up hard. Forget using a brick to smash windows, use a Wynn buffet cookie. Target the creme brulee and the fruity cakes (pumpkin spice). 4th tip - don't go crazy on one single desert, your table will be cut off (15 creme brulee by us in 10 minutes). \n\nGood luck and may the force be with you. :)