I hate this bank, they always act like they know what there talking about, but they don't.  It dosn't matter if it's over the phone or in person.  And everyone gives you a different story!\nSo check this out.  We have several accounts.  I have one, hubby has one and we have a joint account. So I closed my account.  They want to start charging $10.00 per mo.  Sorry, I'm not going to pay that.  That's $120.00 per yr.  So I closed it.  Ok, so now I don't have access to this closed account anymore right?   So a few days later, I go to the joint account to pay a bill and to transfer money from the joint account to another bank.  So I didn't see anything pending in the other bank.  hummmm, so I call.  They can't tell me anything, I call the other bank, they say it's not on there in, and give it another day.   Now I'm getting pissed.  So I call Armed forces bank.  Ohhhh some how they took money out of the closed account,  huh?  How the heck did that happen, and I don't have access to that account.  Well bill pay, did it.  Ok, I need $ transferred to that bank, and you guys need to get that $ out of the account it was transferred to.   They said oh after a certain amount of time they system will catch it.  We will do a free transfer to your other account.  You should have it in a few hours.  Ok cool.  So anyway to make the story short.  I was on the phone with them all week.  No one knew anything, no one can see that I had double the $ that was transferred to that account.  I was so annoyed.  Finally, I got a phone call from the bill pay.  I told them I had been on the phone with AFB all week, and they couldn't tell me to call bill pay (your company)  Also come to find out from the bill pay guy.  That on the AFB if you have more than 1 account you have to go in and delete that account!  Ok, I don't freaking work for the bank.  Why couldn't they tell me when I closed that account that, that is something that I need to do, instead of causing all this confusion!  Ya'll need better training!  I'm done!