It was Annual Team Appreciation Event time again, this time my company chose Doubletree by Hilton to host the event. Our theme this year was Casino Night, so this review is more about the hosting then about the hotel rooms.  2 years ago my company did the same event, almost to a T, but at that time it was still the Fiesta Resort, since then it has changed over to the Doubletree and to be honest the only thing that looked different was the name of the place.\n\nWe were in one of the banquet rooms in the back by the pool area, which really wasn't bad, the set up was nice, we had seating for 60, dance floor & dj and room for 2 poker tables, 3 blackjack tables and a crap table and a cash bar.   \n\nThe buffet spread was to include not only the food but unlimited ice tea & coffee, and on the tables where placed fresh cream and sugar for those who liked it in their coffee, but getting the tea or coffee, well that was a whole different story. My coworker asked twice for a cup of coffee and never got it, I asked 4 times for a glass of tea and was given an eye roll, and to get that glass refilled or even to have our water glasses refilled took a little effort on getting a server willing to do it, but they were quick to remove your plate before even giving you a chance to see if you wanted to get something else to eat.  \n\nThe buffet menu for the night:  New York Roast Strip Loin thinly sliced in a bourbon demi, pan seared chicken drilled with rosemary & basil, and garlic mashed potatoes, salad, seasonal fresh fruit, marinated fresh veggies, dessert, bread & butter.  \n\nOk let me break it down for you. The fresh fruit was really good, the marinated fresh veggies was more like a veggie salad, all veggies were raw and had like a creamy Italian dressing on it, very very good, the thinly sliced new York strip, well tasted like my Grammys pot roast, yet not as tender, for the thin slices they didn't cut up well with the butter knifes we were provided with. The chicken looked great, but lacked in the flavor, the potatoes had a hint of garlic, but were on the cool side. The winner for the night was a Reeses peanut butter cream pie, I didn't try it but everyone loved it, I had a very rich chocolate mousse pie, which was good, but way too rich for me. \n\nEven though we had a cash bar, most of the ones drinking went to the actual bar in the lobby because at the cash bar the drinks were bad.\n\nNow why am I picky about this, like I said my company did this event to the T 2 years ago under the Fiesta Resort, almost spot on menu too, but the service and the food were impeccable we were so pampered and it left an lasting impression on us to want to have The Doubletree host the same event for us. I know 2 different companies but I just expected a little better service from Doubletree Hilton, so very disappointed!  \n\nI personally would not pick this place to host an event for me.