I've tanned on and off for most of my adult life, so I consider myself an expert on tanning salons. This salon isn't the cheapest but it's not the most expensive either. For me this location is convenient (close to home and only a few doors down from Vons grocery store). They have several different monthly plans available based off the type of tanning you like to do.\n\nI recently signed up for a spray tan membership, although they don't like the term membership. They have month to month options but I elected for the 10 month commitment, as it's cheaper and doesn't require the $25 start up fee that the month to month plans require. My membership includes unlimited spray tans (must be 24 hrs. Apart) each month for $59.99. They also have half price upgrades on Sundays should I ever decide I want to do a typical tanning bed.\n\nTheir software makes checking in a breeze (finger print scan). Their hours are convenient and my membership allows me access to all of their locations, some of which are open 24 hours. The staff are nice and seem to know many of their members by name.\n\nAs for the spray tan, it's normally $35 for one session, so my monthly membership is a real bargain comparatively. They provide the lotion for your hands and feet as well as a shower cap to cover your hair. There are 4 positions they teach you, and as long as you follow all directions you'll walk out with a healthy glow after just one visit. It doesn't last as long as some other spray tans that I've had, but with the unlimited membership it makes it easy to go every 3-4 days and keeps me looking pretty dark. They have 3 color options, the darkest is an $8 upgrade (even with the monthly membership) but is half off that on Sundays. I have yet to try that level because I find the medium color is dark enough for most occasions.\n\nIf you're looking to tan regularly I'd say Bodyheat is a reasonable option, particularly if you want convenience and are also looking to go tanning regularly. +1 for spray tans!