-WARNING-   -NOT RECOMMENDED-\n  Let me tell you about my night here at the Desert Rose. This place looks nice at the front desk and the room was what you would expect out of any random hotel to be, as far as looks and overall feel of the room. Not the best, but feels inviting to stay. So, after hitting the strip up for a bit, we decided to go back to the hotel. When we got there, things where fine, we all were sitting down talking about what's next and then I see this thing moving on the floor. I grab a glass to catch it, and when I did, I see what it is. It's about an inch and a quarter long COCKROACH. We walked up to the front desk to tell the management, and when saying that we caught a roach they give us this look like it was no big thing. They asked if we wanted the security to come to our room!? We say no thank you, we want our money back. After going back and forth with Expedia and the front desk for about 2 hours about how we just wanted our money back so we could leave, the management tells us good luck on finding another room. Then while on the phone I catch another one. I was sick! At this time it's 2am and all we want to do is go to sleep. We feel that it is not worth it to spend full price on another hotel just to be there for a handful of hours. So we decided to drive 330 plus miles back home. This vacation turned out to be not only a big waste of time, but waste of money because of this roach situation. My biggest worry is that the roaches didn't get into my bags and then transported back to my house. When I got home I was so tired I just dropped my bags and went to sleep not even thinking about this until I just woke up. Driving 5 hours in traffic there and 4 hours back in the same night sucked. This hotel did nothing to help us, just wanted to know if we were leaving.\n-NOT RECOMMENDED-\n\nP.S. It seams that this roach problem is new? by the rest of the reviews. So if your staying here, ask before you book the room, if security has man handled the roaches out of the rooms yet!