Pearl Jam playing, waiting for my food while everybody at my table eats, glasses crashing, a total of 10 patrons in this place, are you Pho Real?!?\n\nStephanie E recommended this place to try for a dinner get together w\/our respective bfs, and since I have frequented Caffe Boa, La Bocca and Ra happy hours too much lately, I was up for something different. I checked it out on the way home from the light rail, and while it unnerved me that the space was so beautiful (why would a place that specializes in bowls of soup be pimped out, my inner bell warned me), I was willing to give it a shot.\n\nFast forward, and I immediately notice how lovely and huge the space really is. The decor almost pumps this place to another star, and I truly loved the laminate green tables (I thought about just taking one)...and I noticed there was numbers on the table. Huh. Normally the staff can just have a chart for the table-why would they need to number it? \n\nService starts fine, they get us water no questions asked, we really linger over the menu. Mr. Mustachio hasn't really had pho before...and when I saw a vegetable only soup costs $8, my heart plummeted. 8 bucks for Pho? Are you shitting me?We ordered the spring rolls and they were delicious. I considered giving this a 2 star review for this reason alone...but then ordering for the main course got in the way and we ordered our Pho. Already off to a weird start (our waitress was really spacy, like I just hotboxed some primo weed in the bathroom spacy), I inquired re: the vegetarian spring rolls, then the vegetable pho after being told the tofu would be soft and not bean curd friend, and asked for the 33 beer. She said we were out-and my bf said, oh but I just ordered that? And she said, No, you ordered the #33. Um, he already ordered another menu option and had stated clearly I will try the Vietnamese beer \"33\" please. WTF? So we got different beers at 4 bucks each, still a bit too much, and waited for our orders. \n\nI think Stephanie was the only one whose order was accurate the first time, my bf had to wait for a switch out and I had some kind of meat noodle dish I def didnt order. How many times do I have to specify meat free within my ordering? This was getting a bit ridiculous. So I waited while everyone delved into their meals...then slowed down. \n\nIt just wasn't that good. The fun stuff to put in Pho was barely there, the condiments were so so, the ambiance was tempered with shitty classic rock choices, there was an unhappy preppy couple seated against the wall with no window way across the place for no good reason.\n\nAs I struggled to understand why anyone really liked this place, dishes were dropped twice. Dessert wasnt even entertained. Leftovers were not boxed. I had about 1\/4 of my soup. In fact this place made me nostalgic for all other delicious Pho places I had been to, in fact we all started talking about amazing Pho places we had been to, meaning this wasnt it.\n\nAs we walked around later, burps of disgusting Pho kept resurfacing, wiping away the slate of yummy spring rolls and we grumbled how we would never, EVER go back there.\n\nPho Thang Long, unless you put some dragon cum in your soup to make it worth 8 bucks, I hope you have a going out of business sale so I can buy your tables.