Stayed here as part of a reunion group, although everyone stayed at the Palms while my party stayed at Palms Place. Yes we had a kitchen but we didn't use it really -- we're in Vegas for god's sake. the fridge was a nice tough though since most nice hotels in Vegas don't have 'em unless you request for one. You can't remove the stuff from a minibar and put your own shit in.\n\nWe had a beautiful room with a beautiful bathroom, but the bathroom was so unpractical it was so tiresome having to do prep work every single day before we showered. Our bathroom had a tendency to flood -- water would run all the way down the floor towards the toilet. We ended up having to lay out tons of towels to soak up the water so our friend wouldn't slip and hurt herself AGAIN!\n\nThe elevators were also insane. It would stop on random floors not pressed -- up and down -- but not on the floor you needed to get out on. Worse yet, out of our 3 nights 4 days, more than 50% of the time, my card would not register so I can press our floor. It was crazy. It wasted so much of our time trying to get from our floor to the lobby and vice versa every single day. The ventilation was so bad inside the elevator that being stuck inside made us all want to vomit because the air quality was so poor.\n\nWe also had some trouble with housekeeping. We didn't get it! I called and requested them to come and give us fresh bathmats and towels because we had to use them all to soak up the flooded bathroom situation but after 5 hrs still nothing. No, I didn't wait 5 hours, I called and then returned later, 5 hrs later and STILL nothing. Had to call again before they'd bring it -- after 15 mins -- but at least they brought it.\n\nWhen you call housekeeping or front desk, it takes forever for them to pick up the phone so often you're stuck on the line for a good 5 minutes before someone picks up. The slow service also extends into the valet service. There seems to be only 1-2 valet attendant around at any particular time and they have to attend to the drop off AND pick up of cars. There is often no one at the valet booth and after they take your ticket, it takes forever for them to bring your car. One of the worst days was 18 minute wait from time of giving them my ticket to my car actually being delivered -- and yes I timed it!\n\nSo between the crazy elevator situation to the valet, we had to give ourselves a good 35 mins leeway leaving our room to go anywhere JUST in case we got caught up somewhere along the way.-- and no that did not include actual travel time which is usually only around 10 mins max.\n\nOur entire stay was rather frustrating although our bell hop Adam was a sweetheart and helped us out plenty. He needs a raise or a promotion! That's for sure.