Let's face it. Every run now has its gimmick. However, how could I turn down one that bases its run on television game show obstacles? Wipeout has always been one of my favorite shows. I even pondered going out to California to try out for the show. It's too bad my work schedule always got in the way!\n\nThe ROC (Ridiculous Obstacle Couse) race did not disappoint. There were endless inflatable obstacles to be had at this run. Even the huge big balls made their appearance. You know, that one obstacle where you have to jump from one ball to the next and to the next and to the next? There were four giant balls all together, but instead of falling into the water, you just fell onto a bouncy platform. The odds for getting hurt in this run were very slim!\n\nThere were all sorts of slides. Some slides you slid down normally and landed in water. Others, you slid on your belly. There was also foam filled slip and slides. People you didn't even know, you raced down these slides, because why not? It's fun!\n\nOne of the most intimidating obstacles was trying to get across a long thin walkway without getting slammed by two giant spinning \"wrecking\" balls. These balls did not hurt, but if they hit you just right, you fell into the water. There were a few cases where some people went flying into the water, but that was rare. It was entertaining to see people scheme strategies on how to make it across. The funny part is, after I made my attempt and fell in. I wanted to go back and try again! It wasn't scary at all! It was hilarious and fun!\n\nAfter the run, there were foam machines that blasted foam in the air. It was hard to take pictures since there was so much of it that it was almost impossible to see! It didn't matter though. How often do you get to play in foam bubbles? It's the closest you'll ever to getting to know what it's like to be in a washing machine in your life, or maybe closer to those foam parties in college... Either way, it was a blast! \n\nAnother interesting aspect was that the entire run is untimed. It's how I convinced alot of my \"non running\" friends to participate! I just wish that everyone got a medal at the end. It seems that only the costume contest ones got medals. My team of 12 dressed as 80s runners, but we somehow missed the costume competition and missed out on those medals. Although slightly disappointed, it was soon forgotten after enjoying some drinks from Southern Comfort who sponsored the event. No, the drinks weren't free, but they had a variety of drinks to enjoy regardless so we couldn't turn them down.   All in all, this was one of my favorite obstacle runs ever just because it truly accomplishes what it intends, for everyone to have fun and smile!