As other outsiders have said, this must be a Picksburgh thing because they are wildly successful and have multiple locations throughout the city.  This was our first and definitely last visit with these Bros.  We came in for a late lunch.  It was somewhat busy, but not that busy, and yet chaos ensued as the hostess seated some people, ignored others (like us), then seated some more out of order, and oh, you twos just standing there need a table too (um, no, we just like to walk into places and stare at others as they eat).  Eventually we are directed to a dirty table and wonder if we are supposed to order at a counter or a server comes to the table.  In hindsight, I am glad that it was dirty because I saw a bucket of dirty water on a bar stool where the hostess would repeatedly dip an old towel into and wipe down tables. \n\nThe menu is primarily sandwiches, fries, soup and chili.  The big deal is that they put fries and slaw on top of your sandwich, and it looks like a monster sized sandwich.  As we continue wondering about the ordering process, a very bored looking young man comes over and takes our order.  I chose the Ragin Cajun chicken sandwich, and my husband chose the Pastrami and a side of fries.  \n\nThe first items to arrive at the table are the diet cokes.  The menu does not offer a range of sizes, so we figure, it's a standard size or a large.  Wrong.  It's a child's size drink except there is no lid.  I guess spills not a worry here because that bucket of dirty water is ready to go.  And also no straw, but I spyed some on the bar so I helped myself.  Next the fries came out.  They looked like fresh cut fries, and we munched on those as we waited, and waited, and waited, and waited some more for our sandwiches to come out.  My husband said fries were soggy, and I said they are fresh like Inn N Out.  I was wrong.  Please forgive me Inn N Out, I was just delirious with hunger, they are nothing like yours!  Sandwiches kept whizzing past us, and no kidding, everyone around us had theirs, even people who ordered after us.  I think bored young man went home or found something less boring to do than wait on us.  Finally, sandwiches come out, and they do this weird thing where they barely cover them in paper and just plop them down on the table, no plate of any kind.  My sandwich looks pretty good, but taste wise, there's nothin Ragin about that Cajun.  Fries in sandwich and those we ordered on the side, extremely lacking salt, and as my husband said, soggy.  Slaw on sandwich is just cabbage in vinegar which is fine with me because it's healthier, but again it lacked seasoning.  I ended up pulling chicken out of sandwich and just eating that alone.  My husband, extremely dissatisfied and not understanding why I chose this place.  Like I said, it's a Picksburgh thing!