When I yelp, I bark animal style. When I dine in In N Out I pass over animal style and enjoy a mouth watering cheeseburger & fries.\n\n  Speaking of animal style, in the fast food jungle, In N Out is an animal with the style of simplicity and efficiency. It is delicious fast food made simple. With the exception of a secret menu, there are only three meals to choose from. A hamburger meal, a cheeseburger meal, or double cheeseburger meal. It is simplicity made fresh. Forget about ordinary burgers being left under warm lights or frozen patties warming up in a microwave style device. At In N Out, they cook the burger right there and in front of the customer.\n\n  Delicious fast food made simple is brings me inside the Blue Diamond Road In N Out Burger oftentimes when I am in the vicinity of the Target in the parking lot. Lol. Sometimes I go out of my way to do an errand in this Target just for an excuse to patronize In N Out. The thing is, it seems that on any given visit hundreds of people are also patronizing In N Out. The upshot us that I am rarely in n out. But then again I always dine inside. Regardless that I might be number 240 and they are serving customer 186; efficiency speeds up the wait. Due to supply and demand, In N Out is so popular that finding a table is as difficult as finding a cold day on a June in Las Vegas. Just like at any In N Out; I consider myself satisfied sitting at a bar chair. \n\n  On the subject of crowded, I observed that at In N Out; customers rarely seem agitated or annoyed. Ditto for the employees. The employees here are even friendlier than at casual dining restaurants that I have experienced. An example is last Saturday when I dined here, a friendly employee went up to all the customers asking how the food was and making small talk.\n\n   In a City where there are countless restaurants to dine in, In N Out is the ultimate option. It is upbeat, inexpensive,  and delicious. When it comes to yelping this In N Out, I give it a 4 star bark :-)