Let me tell you about my first crush in Phoenix. It happened to me when I least expected. I was sitting at my small cubicle during my first job. Birthday cake graced the break room practically everyday but today was different. When I walked inside to sing an out of key version of the birthday song to my coworker, I noticed a masterpiece in front of my eyes. A white cake topped with the freshest of fruit and the creamiest of white chocolate morphed into a piece of artwork. One bite into the white cake filled with fresh strawberries and I was in lust. It later turned into love and I've been happy every since. \n\nI silently thank the coworker who introduced me to Honey Moon Sweets because I can't imagine life without knowing about this sweet Phoenix treat. Over the years, Honey Moon Sweets has been my go-to bakery for a special occasion. I've purchased the \"basic\" cake for birthday parties. Let me just note here that a basic cake from Honey Moon Sweets is practically a masterpiece in any other bakery's mind. When planning my sister's baby shower, I knew exactly where to go. I wanted the perfect cake and a work of art to grace the baby shower table. And behold the Honey Moon Sweets baby cake. It was three tiers, blue with rattles, pacifier, building blocks, a crib, a teddy bear...you name it filling the top. Some of the pieces were frosting creations and some were real toys. It was almost too gorgeous to eat, but we couldn't resist it so enjoyed every bite. It was just as good as it looked if not better. Honey Moon Sweets does a fabulous job of using the freshest of ingredients and you can tell upon the first bite. The scariest part of this cake adventure was the travel time from the bakery to the Biltmore for the baby shower. One wrong move and the cake would have been toast so be prepared to move lightly with this cake in hand. As you can imagine, cakes from Honey Moon Sweets are not budget-friendly, but for what you get from the cake, it's reasonably priced. Just save your coins for a special occasion because it's worth it. I promise.