The building is really starting to deteriorate quickly these days.  The landlords moved out a few years ago (Hmm not too suspicious).   As Laura D says there are roaches.  Don't let them tell you otherwise.  And the one filtered post below mentions bedbugs which now makes perfect sense considering the number of discarded beddings we've started seeing piling up in the garbage downstairs.\n\nRecently we've also acquired a \"Phantom Piddler\".  Someone has been urinating in the elevators on weekends.  And no its not animal urine, as the management is trying to tell us.\n\nAlso I have to agree with Laura D's statements about privacy being an issue around here.  They knock on your door, and if they don't get an answer they just tap-dance their way in unannounced.  Several times I've been in the bathroom or shower and haven't heard them knock... Good thing I keep my chain on the door otherwise... Hey wait, maybe I shouldn't. Maybe next time I'll just return the surprise.. But I digress.  They're supposed to give notice by law for all non-emergency entries into your unit.  If I'm not mistaken they need to give 24 hrs warning (?).  What they do here is post the warning on each floor usually VERY late in the day.  When most folks get home they see the note that they're going to get violated the next day.  The notes always say \"if you have a problem with the timing, contact the office\".  Well when you get home after 5pm and find that note, well how do you tell them not to bug you? Telepathy?  They do that on purpose.  And even if magically you do tell the office that its not convenient, they won't inform the custodial staff (or they just don't care, either way..).  You get bothered anyway.  Might as well try to stop the sun from rising.\n\nLets move on to the smell of pot in the fire stairs.. Yes.. Dunno if its a tenant or some random person off the street, but there's frequently a smell of pot (AND urine now too, see \"Phantom Piddler\" above).\n\nThe parking garage... Break-ins, stolen cars, vandalism... You get  the idea.  Security is imaginary here.  Completely fictional.  Move along.\n\nAgain Laura D is bang on the money describing the landlords.  Money grubbing, unpleasant, snooty, downright hostile at times.  They'll scrape and gouge you for every cent they can get.  The rent isn't cheap here either.  If you have a problem, expect it to be made worse by management and the custodial staff.  Service and people skills are not their forte.\n\nBest to avoid renting here.