Over the years, my opinion on this grocery store has completely gone down the drain. The pricing and parking lot are manageable issues, but when those are combined with the horrible employees, I can't even bring myself to go back.\n\nWhen you walk in Dave's you can tell it's not a grocery store for much more than the bare minimum staples. The whole store smells pretty horrible, indicating the seafood is a huge issue here. As I mentioned in my previous review, the produce is often hit or miss as well.\n\nBut, the biggest problems I've run into here have a lot to do with the actual cashiers. There are a few that are willing to do their jobs and do them well, but for the most part, cashiers aren't very friendly and tend to wander and ignore customers that are ready to check out. I've had my food bagged horrendously on more occasions than I can count on one hand, resulting in smashed bananas, bread, avocados, etc. One cashier in particular HATES that I bring my own bags. I always say as I'm unloading groceries, \"no plastic, I have my own bags.\" This was clearly not appreciated twice, as the first time, she literally THREW all of my groceries into my bags, overpacking them, and squishing all of my items. The second time, she must have recognized me because I got a scowl and she started bagging in plastic after I told her not to. Of course, when I stopped her, she got more upset and started her usual grocery toss. I then told her the gallon of milk and oversized bag of romaine lettuce didn't need bags, so she put those in their own separate plastic bags...no idea why. Upon reiterating \"no plastic\" and \"no bags\" for those items, she literally took the bags by the bottom and upended them, dumping a gallon of milk and romaine lettuce down into my cart. \n\nThese instances were enraging on multiple levels. One, don't punish me for trying to not use plastic bags. Those things are annoying and paper or reusables are better for so many reasons. Two, your job is to handle people's food. People's food that is overpriced and shouldn't be destroyed before it even leaves the store. Three, attitude is everything when you have a customer-facing service job. I get that working in a grocery store isn't always fun--I've done it and there are certainly bad days. But, I make a point to be super nice to people that are serving me, whether cashiers or waitstaff, especially when I have a specific request that is out of the norm and potentially frustrating. \n\nAfter the second bagging catastrophe, I decided to boycott this store. I haven't since returned and I don't plan to. We live right in Cleveland Heights, so little needs here and there can be met by Zagaras and for other groceries, we can easily drive to Whole Foods or Giant Eagle.