I'm pretty much in agreement with the previous five reviews.  A great way to spend the day when it's hitting over a hundred degrees!  It's about a forty-five minute drive from Phoenix.\n\nI went on a Saturday afternoon, around three or so.  So, I missed the huge crowds and rowdy bunch, along with the sun at it's hottest point!  It's about a two to three hour ride from the shuttle drop off point two to the pick up point four.\n\nRentals are $14\/pp, which includes your tube rental and shuttle service.  This is the all day rate, so if you get there in the morning, you can go back again and again.  It's $10\/pp without the tube rental.  You can also rent a tube for your ice chest (styrofoam coolers are not recommended as they float away), which is a must as you need to load up on TONS of water and your beverage of choice.\n\nBring along tons of sunblock and reapply often.  Bring a hat though because you'll be glad you did when you see all the sunburn faces around you.  A few old bedsheets will feel like a godsend on your hot tube, so think about bringing those along too!  And bring along a pair of cheap water shoes or old sneakers because it's definitely rocky and you will need to climb out of the river at the end.  Flip flops or loose sandals are not recommended as you see them floating on by in the fast current.  (Don't be foolish and bring your new expensive sunglasses aka 'spies' to show off because you'll look like an idiot when you lose it!)\n\nAnd yes, the river is dirty - with river grass, pee, marshmallows, every other kind of food possible, etc.  But you hope with the quick current flowing, that it makes the water less dirty...you hope at least.  And please take your trash with you!  (The shuttle drivers offer decent plastic trash bags for free, so please take a couple with you on the river!)\n\nThey require that children be a minimum of 8 years old AND four feet tall before they'll allow you on the shuttles to take you down to the river.  It can be a fast river, but also because of the mostly high school and college aged crowd frequently and dominating the river.\n\nIt's open 9 am to 7 pm, seven days a week.  The last tube rental is at 4 pm, and lost tubes will cost you $20 each.  You need a driver's license for every four or five tube rentals.  And no glass containers!  Your ice coolers will be inspected before you're allowed to board!\n\nWe're on the lookout for more rivers to float on!