Yesterday marked my first Kennywood experience since a 1991 high school field trip during which I rode the Steel Phantom twice on the very day it opened. The fact that we had a park-related project for physics class due the next day became irrelevant upon our arrival. \n\nI treated this day as if it were a gauntlet, a video game in which I had to best various bosses, working my way up to...The Phantom's Revenge. I swear The Phantom was cursing me the entire time, banking on my age, my lack of recent rollercoaster experience, and the fact that I felt queasy and dazed at many points during this epic and harrowing day. \n\nI did what rollercoaster devotees tell you not to do; I rode the big, bad mindbenders first. There was no time for children's amusements. I needed to beat the Phantom one more time. \n\nMy day began by challenging the wooden colossus known as The Thunderbolt. This Great Beast of coasters possesses a uniquely jarring deathrush that I barely survived. \n\nIgnoring pleas to rest up and cull my wits, we went for the upside-down ordeal of The Volcano next and then the alien atrocity known as Cosmic Chaos! Both of these whirling rides punished my equilibrium as I let out screams that would rival those of Rob Halford in an attempt to cope! What else can one do? Deep breaths alone won't cut it, especially when you're 250 feet in the air, waiting, hanging, praying that gravity will not kill you. Thus, the heart-pounding psychological horror that is the Pittfall. Alone I confronted it as it was too extreme for even my ride-savvy date. \n\nWord of advice: Bear in mind that the coasters and thrillrides never last more than 2 minutes. If death does come for you, it shall do so quickly in the form of an expressway to Valhalla. Tell yourself that your will is a thing of iron. \n\nEven the lesser rides attempted to weaken me. The Musik Express pummeled me with centrifugal force as I sang along loudly to Rainbow's \"Man on the Silver Mountain\". The Phantom knew of my musical tastes. I heard him say subliminally, \"Julius Sumner Miller was his name, and physics was HIS game. I am The Phantom and applying physics to ensure your destruction is MINE!\"\n\nMy shoulder was sore, my stomach was seemingly inverted, and my heart felt as if it had been in my esophagus. Nonetheless, I continued to fight fear, ignoring my date's fretful words, pressing on towards Noah's Ark only to scrape a knuckle on its rough stone walls. The Log Jammer would fail to drown me, yet would leave me drenched and with aching wrists from trying to hold on to the slippery handlebars. The cold water only served to reinvigorate me though.  \n\nA deadly rendezvous with the Jackrabbit ensued, the ride failing to throw me to my doom despite being propelled out of my seat during several moments of rackety, timbered terror. \n\nThe Exterminator's intimidating interiors did not deter me from entering that infernal abyss of a basement. I was hurled into something unfathomable, jolted about on something akin to an old mine car on rusty tracks that were marked with the blood of those who came before. It was an underworld from which I emerged as its king. The Phantom was surely in a panic. Frustrated, he commanded me to attempt the Aero 360 and the Swing Shot. \n\nVertigo can be a cruel impairment, and these rides, sinister sisters they are, epitomize that fact. With the Aero 360, you feel as if a mechanical giant has you tied to a string and is just twirling it at a speed that makes you feel as if you may vomit a lung. The idea is to disorient you so that the Swing Shot will finish you. I nearly fell over upon exiting the Aero 360, and beyond the point of reason, went for the Swing Shot. \n\nWith the Swing Shot, you are in the palm of the giant's hand. Instead of making a loop you are swung from one side to the other, each arm suspending you higher and longer for seconds that seem like weeks. As you face the remorseless pavement from 90 feet up, you keep telling yourself  that the restraints are secure, that the odds of them giving way are too remote to consider. However, fear makes us all delusional, and in this case, allows you to think that this pendulum of panic can let you go anytime it wants unless you just...hang on. And hang on I did. The Racer was next...\n\nI chased The Devil on this maniacal Moebius of log only to capture him and give him the thrashing he deserves. Its fatal velocities were no match for my regained constitution. The Phantom's Revenge awaited us.\n\nAs we approached the ride, we saw The Phantom's fiberglass head. I shook my fist at it, ignoring the pain, shouting, \"I haven't yakked in 10 years you bastard! It won't happen tonight! I will defy you!\"\n\nWe then entered the line and waited for 45 minutes. Waiting is part of the experience. It's not enough to simply ride coasters. You have to wait to ride them, sweat them out like you're being prepared for an execution. \n\nStay tuned for part 2!