I found Amena thanks to Yelp -- again - (Poly A, your review was terrific and convinced me particularly when comparing your notes on Habib's, that I should give them a shot).   So this Easter Sunday, when I realized I'd not ordered items for a party the next day, I remembered reading the review and headed over -- they were open -- Habib's wasn't.  \n\nI explained my situation to Amir -- what a great guy.  He and his niece were thoughtful and caring -- beyond generous.  I think they offered me samples of everything in the place.  And even offered to make items I needed that were not on their menu.   I arranged for pick up the next day at 2:00 (meat, cheese and spinach pies, stuffed grape leaves, falafel, tahini, pita bread, baklava, these round phyllo cookies that were crispy, sticky, sweet and cinnamony and just incredible, as well as little chocolate \"quickers\").   \n\nMy staff had made lots of the items we served at the Persian-themed party, but there were some things that were just too hard for them to pull off -- hence the outsourcing.  I've not had tremendous luck finding good reliable sources since we've come to Vegas -- but these folks are the real deal.  \n\nAnd sure enough, yesterday at 2:00 sharp -- they were ready, and proud -- even found Persian music for me to use at the party!  Everything was delicious -- truly spectacular and reasonably priced.\n\nBless the Chef's heart -- he looked exhausted, too.  I know my order was a tall one.  \n\nI did learn one thing that I thought was interesting that Poly hadn't mentioned -- the family is from Nazareth.  Amir used to be a local bank branch manager.  \n\nAnyone looking for a great lunch -- terrific falafel sandwiches, kebobs, etc -- like Poly said -- on freshly baked pita is in for a treat.  It's also a great spot for a dessert -- or to use them for takeout -- but probably best to get to know them and order in advance.   \n\nThe shelves do seem a bit bare -- but trust me, engage the owner or the girls in a conversation -- ask him what he likes -- their food couldn't be fresher, or their hearts any bigger -- and when I see a family working this hard in this business with such passion, I can't help but want to spread the word...