Xtreme Taste (of Yorkville) has moved to Vaughan and has been renamed Eli's Table.\n\nThe funny thing was that I was wandering around Yorkville recently and saw the 'only-inexpensive-meal-in-Yorkville' joint had closed and listed some address far up north.  Fast forward a few days and I'm in Vaughan Mills area and looking at Yelp for a place to grab dinner and 'Xtreme Taste' came up as a nearby hit.\n\nHowever, I drove around the plaza for a bit before we realized the there was no 'Xtreme Taste'... but it was the opening day for another restaurant called 'Eli's Table' at the same address (next door to Maple Jewellers for all you Seiko fans) and they were running a no-tax promotion for their first month in business.  We were hungry - so we didn't question it.\n\nThe proprietor was extremely friendly and eager to please.  I decided to order the shawarma chicken plate ($13) and the lady ordered a vegetarian plate for ($11).\n\nThe menu was completely different than 'Xtreme Taste' and the two famous ladies weren't there.  Also, this was location was quite spacious with plenty of seating for after you order at the counter -- so I wasn't sure if I was being catfished.\n\nBut he explained that the ladies at 'Xtreme Taste' are family and this is his operation now.  This made me think of the Ship of Theseus -- if a  ship has had all of its components replaced over the course of a long voyage -- is it fundamentally the same ship?  In this case -- if a restaurant changes its operators, menu, location and branding -- is it the same restaurant?\n\nWhile I was musing over this in my head - the was basically loading up huge plates of food for both of us - after fresh frying some falafel, he mounded up with rice, potatoes, our choice of 2 salads and our choices of sauces.  Portion size was huge for the price.  He recommended that I try the garlic sauce on the chicken and proclaimed that it was authentic, homemade and not often offered at other restaurants -- I couldn't fight an endorsement like that.\n\nBeyond just being good value - both plates were extremely fresh and tasted great -- the proprietor really takes pride in his craft and it showed.\n\nThe only criticism is that thing can be slow.  They are freshly opened and it's a one-man operation so it was a bit of a wait to for us to settle up as he was busy making someone else's order (dude was peeling sweet potatoes after someone else came it and order fried sweet potatoes).  That said, I'm sure efficiency will improve and it's a small trade-off for fresh food.\n\nSo, in short: tasty, good value and friendly owner.  I'm not sure if this is the 'same ship' -- it's no longer a spot with a goofy name for the $5 assembly-line downtown lunch with curt service.  That said, even with the different price point - still a great bang for buck for fresh and relatively healthy meal.