My first thought about this place, naturally, was $70 for a Vegas buffet?  I wondered why, in a town of fantastic dining, from celebrity-run swanky Casino joints, to amazing ethnic strip-mall fare, I would pay so much to sit among the din and clatter of a buffet, shuffling along in line, plate in hand, craning to get a glimpse of the carving station over the shoulder of the slow-moving family in front of me.  I feared too many rejects, items that seemed promising but simply succumbed to the weight of time, and ended up soggy and heavy and bad.\n\nBut we had heard inklings that this place might be different, and when we tallied up our nearby options we realized outside the food court, any restaurant at Caesers would set us back $40-50 before tip, if not much more, so the price tag seems less onerous in comparison.  These are after all, Vegas dollars, which must be discounted like dog years, so that $70 here is really only $20 in \"human dollars.\"\n\nSo in we plunged, plates in hand.\n\nAnd from the very first bites, we knew that this was something different.  The duck? Crisp of skin and beyond succulent.  The baked scallops? Tiny plates of tuna ceviche? The mussels in coconut curry?  All perfect.  Beyond perfect actually.  As we kept sampling in amazement we realized every item we tried was an ideal representation of its form.  Green beans perfectly crisp and seasoned to perfection.  A crispy tiny wedge salad here; a perfect slice of fungi pizza with truffle oil there.\n\nIt seemed impossible.  How could pad thai for 500 people be not only delicious, but light and perfectly cooked, with none of the gloppiness that typically plagues pre-cooked noodles.  And then we started to notice that this was not industrially prepared food as in buffets of old.  Each station had its own crew of chef and cooks and expediters.  Each crew was assiduously tending their station so that food was all fresh and hot and perfectly rendered.\n\nThere may have been a miss or two -an overcooked whole pig did disappoint, and the steamed shrimp were simply that and nothing more.- for bite after bite, for nearly two hours, we were constantly exclaiming \"try this!\" and \"Oh my god!!\"  Luckily there were four of us, so we sampled even more than we would have.\n\nAnd then the desserts!  Often the Achilles heel of a buffet, loaded with deceivingly pretty lumps of over sweetened lardy disappointments, here we could hardly resist, despite already being many plates into the experience.  Carmelly flan, perfect mini-creme brulees, a vast array of homemade gelatos.  I can hardly remember now the dizzyingly wide array of sweets that tempted us.  Jasmine rice pudding! Things I've never tried.\n\nIn the end, we realized that we had undoubtedly had more bites of never-tried, never-knew, never-tasted foods than at any meal we could recall.  We also realized sadly that the deliciousness had caused serious dining injury, and we would all be paying the price well into the next day.  A price however, that along with the one measured in dollars, we are very happy we paid.