Once upon a time, in a era before smart phones and Yelp, a man was reading his newspaper. It was a Thursday, and in that paper was the \"weekender\". In the weekender were articles, and those articles were called \"restaurant reviews.\" \n\nOn this particular Thursday, the man read a review of a new restaurant  outside of Pittsburgh called Bocktown Beer. The reviewer went on and on telling her readers how many beers were available at Bocktown. Then the reviewer went on and on about the mile high crabcakes at Bocktown. The man reading the review got in his car and headed to a far away land called \"South Pointe.\" It was an evil land where they tore down God's trees and built a complex of stores, like the evil Walmart, and satanic McDonalds. \n\nTucked away, behind all the evilness, behind all the crazy people going in and out of these evil houses of corporate greed was Bocktown Beer! The man was happy!\n\nHe sat at the bar, looked around at all the beer bottles and ordered a bottle of great lakes IPA. He took a sip of this magical elixir and he was happy. The keeper of the inn presented the man with a menu, on this menu were items the man could order to eat. He saw the mile high crab cakes and told the keeper to bring him some. A little while layer, the women of the house returned with a plate with three wonderful crab cakes, they indeed were a mile high!\nThe man was happy! He took a bite, and he noticed no filler inside the golden brown cakes the inn keeper had presented him. Just nice big pieces of crab, a bit of mayonnaise, and just enough panko to hold it together and form a nice crust. The man was happy!\n\nAfter the man finished his meal, the keeper of Bocktown presented him with a Bocktown church key, an Item he cherishes to this day, a t shirt, and an invitation to return anytime. The man paid his fare, bid his fond farewell to the lady and left. I will return to Bocktown the man said to himself, as he rode off into the sunset, he indeed was happy!\n\nThe end.