Location & Aesthetics - Located in Goodyear on Litchfield Road and with brightly lit neon signs (at least that's what I thought it was) you definitely can't miss this place.  Parking is plentiful though it was a bit tough to find a spot when we went on a Friday night, thankfully there were a couple available spots.  Parking lot is large and well lit too.\nAs we approached the front door\/entrance we encountered a long line going out the door and wondered if we had to make reservations or what.  As we discussed whether to do take out, a friendly patron who overheard us told us to not question the long line and it was actually well worth to wait.  She even suggested we try the sliced turkey!\n\nMenu - The menu is very simple and is posted on large billboard like signs over the cashiers, on your way to the cashiers, and a copy is even handed to you as you enter.  Everything is served a la carte and the meats are served by the pound with their prices being very reasonable!\n\nService - The staff was spectacularly nice, friendly, warm and welcoming.  As you enter, you're asked if you've ever been here before, and if not, a brief explanation of how their system of ordering and their menu works....wasn't difficult to comprehend. \n\nFood - On my way to the cashier's, one encounters a large trough filled with a variety of drinks, even alcohol all in ice-cold water with lots of ice.  If you desire, you can grab a small bucket and start filling it with various bottles of soda or alcohol to start consuming (which I saw) or wait till you get to the cashiers for checkout.  \nOn your way to the cashiers, there's also a fridge that houses their signature potato salad, coleslaw, desserts, etc. to be grabbed if you want to add it to your meal.  I grabbed the potato salad which was rich, creamy, well seasoned, and very tasty.  \nAs you get to the cashiers, you'll be greeted yet again, and asked if you've been here before.  If the answer is no, then you'll be given samples of any meat on the menu you'd like to try or you can simply refuse and go straight to the ordering if you so desire which I did and opted for the 1\/2 lb. of baby back ribs.  \nNormally I'm not a fan of my baby back ribs falling off the bone so this suited me just fine.  It was semi-tender and you had to do a bit of work to get it off the bone which is the way I like it and it was very juicy, tasty, and supremely delicious.  My only regret was that I only ordered the 1\/2 lb. rather than the whole but this gives me reason to return!  \nAfter the rest in my party had their samples and ordered, we ordered a small fountain drink (unlimited refills I believe).\nThe layout of the place is unusual because obviously they've eliminated the waiter\/waitress because you order your food and then you choose to eat though this takes place in a restaurant-styled atmosphere.  The tables are long picnic like tables so basically you choose anywhere you want to eat, sit and enjoy mind you the tables are together (though not all) so the potential to have others be sitting next to you is there.  On the tables, you can choose anyway you'd like to eat (be sure to clean up after yourself though) plus their sauces are never too far away on the table and there's plenty of it too....in large bottles so there's enough for everyone in your party!\n\nDefinitely will be coming back here for more of their meats, e.g. sliced turkey, brisket, etc.