I've been a customer here for several years.  Fantastic shopping option versus PetsMart, PetCo, Pet Club, or any of the other pet store options where you get riipp,er......to leave with empty pockets.  Granted you can NOT purchase pet food here, I don't believe they have cat litter, and they don't sell Pinkees either,  but treats are available and the selection is fairly good.\n\nPet shampoos, tools of various types for trimming nails, leashes, collars, harnesses (do you really know what a harness is for?), tons of great toys for destuffing, chasing, snuggling, or gifting.  Stimulation games too.  Urns for your beloved pets cremains that come in various sizes. Did I mention nutritional supplements?  Books on grooming.  Oh yeah, and grooming tables, tubs, and all of those ridiculous accessories (bows, nail polish, hair color -OMG, just makes me RME) for those froo froo doggies.\nHey, I'm sorry, but that's just not my thing.\n\nTheir price on crates will cause you to roll your eyes at what people on craigslist charge for a used crate.  And if you already purchased a crate from, say PetsMart, well you'll probably choke on the thought of what you paid and, --oh well I suppose that's enough.\n\nNow before your eyes glaze over from the joy of saving some bucks AND getting lots of great things for your heart dog -or cat, be aware that this is a WAREHOUSE.  There really isn't customer service here folks.  If you found this place, drove here, and have money to spend on your pet I really want to believe you can at least try to find what you're looking for.  If not, there are employees wandering around, stocking shelves, filling orders, pulling merchandise, etc. and they are always willing to direct you to where a product would be and if needed, help you get it off the shelf, to the register to pay, and then loaded into your car.\n\nThis is not a place to bring snookums to pick out a toy, but you can bring your pet with you to shop.  Just be aware there may be others with pets and not all are friendly, so listen to your pet and do NOT play that card \"snookums wants to say HI! to your dog\" cuz it's just not cool and you really don't want to embarrass your pet.\n\nLast thing.  You are not allowed to carry anything into the warehouse.  No backpacks, purses, nada.  I suspect it's just easier to prevent products from accidentally slipping into these such things.\n\nNow go buy your puppers a big fluffy stuffy, a pig ear or some other Red Barn snack, and they'll be so happy you finally stopped by here.