Let me start by saying that I used to work in the restaurant industry so I know and understand what \"good service\" entails. Needless to say this establishment is an absolute joke. Where should I begin...\n\nThe food- The sushi here is beyond disappointing. Not only is the presentation sloppy but I'm totally seriously when I say that it looked as if the chef threw it on the plate and sent it out, without a bat of an eye (rolls falling apart, wasabi and ginger missing, old rice particles stuck to the plate). Okay I can live with a sloppy presentation, but what I cannot deal with is fish that tastes as if its been sitting out all day long, not in a cooler (it was at best room temp, if not warm to some others opinion.) not a good sign. Old hard rice that was for sure a few days old. I'm sorry but this is unacceptable (especially when it comes to raw fish).\n\nThe service - The customer service at this establishment is beyond atrocious. A friend and I decided that we wanted sushi late one night. (8pm) We arrived, only to be ignored in an empty restaurant. I walked over to a staff member and asked if we could get some menus and sit outside. The lady nodded at me, said yes, then pointed at the menus. We grabbed the menus and sat ourselves outside. Then we waited... and waited some more... no joke 10-15 minuets had passed and I had to get up and walk inside and ask the same lady for two cups of water. She said  \"ya ya, okay.\" then turned her back and went to grab us two waters (I returned to the table). When she finally brought us our water, she said \"so you ready to order?\". We ordered four rolls, edamame and a bottle of unfiltered sake. 25 min later she brought us our food. One of the rolls was wrong, but at this point we were so hungry we ate it any way (we still haven't received the sake we ordered). While we are about half way into our 2nd roll a man comes out of the restaurant and begins unplugging all the lights (time now is roughly 9pm and they don't \"close\" until 10:30pm). My friend and I just look at each other in darkness as we sit there on their front patio dumbfounded at what is happening. Our server comes out soon after and asks \"well you need anything thing else or what?\", I then told her that we never received our sake, but that we don't need it anymore because we are more than half way done with our meal. She responded with \"okay, well then you pay now.\" (we still have food on our plates and our water glasses are bone dry) I look at my friend and then just handed the waitress cash for our bill + extra for change for the tip. She walks inside and rings us out but then never returns. We both just sat there waiting for her to come back out and bring us our change and water refills.... Nothing. Then the most amazing thing happened... They turned off the lights inside (time now 9:30). So we look at each other once again in amazement. I get up (again) and walk over to the door to find it locked! That's right you are reading this correctly. They left the restaurant and locked the doors with us still sitting on the patio with all our dishes sitting on the table!!! I have never in my life been to an place of business where the employees left customers at the facility and locked the doors behind them. As you can imagine I never revived my change and left feeling like I was just in the twilight zone.\n\nI will NEVER EVER be back and I suggest you stay far far away from this place. There are several other places close by that have way better food and that won't turn the lights out on you and lock the doors an hour before closing time. Note to the owner - you should think twice about you have managing your business, because from what I've experienced on two separate occasions now, is the most horrific customer service I've ever come across.