I have to tell you, I understand why there are so many negative reviews. In order to appreciate where all the completely justifiable complaints are coming from, you have to know how Simplicity Laser is set up as a business. There is a corporate office in Utah and then there are the offices where you receive services. The corporate office is comprised of the most unresponsive, shiftless, scattered, dishonest and unethical people you will ever speak to. To make matters worse, when you attempt to directly call the Scottsdale location to bypass the dopes, you can't; you are automatically directed to corporate, despite calling a local number. For some crazy reason, there is no direct line to the Scottsdale office! That is why so many people mistakenly hate this location, when they really hate the corporate office. To bypass unnecessary frustration, insist that the corporate office transfer you to the Scottsdale location and be sure to decline their offers to \"assist\" you.\n\nDespite all of the issues with the corporate office, the people who work at the Scottsdale office will do their best to help you. When I mentioned to my technician, Michelle, that I wasn't showing any clearance on the back of my legs, she turned up the strength of the laser and went extra slow in that area. Cass, the office manager, gave me her PERSONAL cell phone number to help me correct a HUGE mistake that the corporate office would not acknowledge or correct. Despite calling corporate twice a week for six weeks, the district manager at the corporate office failed to get back to me. Cass went out of her way to make sure everything was fixed and it took less than five minutes to correct the problem. \n\nNow, if you do decide you still want to get laser hair removal services with Simplicity, you need to be aware of a few things. First, some places offer IPL for hair removal; this does NOT permanently remove hair (I don't care what you heard). You need to go someplace that offers a Diode, Alexandrite, or YAG laser (Simplicity does). \n\nNext, you will need to get treatments every 5 to 6 weeks for areas below your neck and every 4 weeks if you are trying to remove hair on your face. Here's where Simplicity Laser is completely unethical. Simplicity allows treatments for your face every 4 weeks and every six weeks for the rest of your body (as recommended), BUT they only allow you to get laser treatments on your arms and legs every EIGHT weeks (when they sold me the package, they said I could get a full leg treatment every 6 weeks--then they changed their tune). Even though the MANUFACTURER of their own lasers says you should get treatments every 5 to 6 weeks on all body parts (except the face), Simplicity claims every 8 weeks is the most effective protocol for arms and legs. I'm not a mind reader, but I would guess the \"unique\" policy was created because arms and legs are some of the most expensive areas to treat and corporate wants to generate as much revenue as possible. Lasering arms and legs less frequently forces you to extend your membership, since you probably need 10 to 15 treatments per area (depending on a lot of factors). If you are restricted to treatments every 8 weeks for those areas, you can only get 6 treatments a year. But, allow the protocol to be every 6 weeks and suddenly you can do 8 treatments a year. See how that works in their favor? Despite this lapse in ethics, I would still recommend Simplicity for your underarms and brazilian region (and definitely your back, if you're a guy--nobody needs hair there). They end up being less expensive than Laser for Less and their machines appear to be newer and therefore, less painful (Federico, if you want pain, you should try the old machines! Imagine needles and the feeling of your skin being burned--the new machines are a breeze!). \n\nBe forewarned: if you decide to purchase bundled services with Simplicity, it is a MEMBERSHIP, not a PACKAGE. Simplicity sells you a time period that allows you the opportunity to receive laser treatments, but there is no guarantee of how many treatments you will receive because it's dependent on how many times you go. Other places will sell you a package with a specific number of treatments and no expiration date; that is NOT what Simplicity offers. If you can't go to the next appointment six weeks out, IMMEDIATELY put your membership on hold so you don't miss out on any treatments. If you don't do that, the membership clock keeps ticking.\n\nSimplicity also offers E-Matrix treatments for $150 a pop, if you buy a package. This is about the same price that National Laser Institute offers, but NLI won't do treatments above Level A because they are a school. Simplicity will go up to a Level C, if you can tolerate it. I would definitely recommend this treatment, since other places charge $500 and up for the same thing.\n\nHopefully, these tips will help you avoid the unpleasant experiences others have had with Simplicity.