I purchased a voucher to visit the Rest Nest Float Club on Groupon.  I had noticed several float spas around the city, and was curious to try it, the Groupon was my perfect opportunity!\n\nMy appointment was for 10:30 in the morning, I was the first client of the day!  With that in mind, upon my arrival the spa should have been prepared for the day...but more importantly cleaned up from the night before.  This was not the case at all.  The lobby, though bright and sunny, was in a bit of a disarray.  The sofa cushions were piled awkwardly, with a couple of them on the back.  It looked like someone had been sitting there, but that it had not been cleaned up from the night before.\n\nI was greeted, then left alone in the lobby with the man working there went upstairs to \" make sure that everything was ready for me\"...should it not have been since I was the first client of the day?  I heard doors opening and water running, he came back and lead me up to the float room.  We walked through an upper lobby where I was offer water in an area with seating and a counter and sink.  The area was littered with several half empty glasses of water, again left over mess from the day before.\n\nWe went into the room where I was to experience my float session, it was obvious then that the sound of the water was a quick clean up of this space as well.  \n\nI got into the pod, thinking right away that the water temperature was a bit cool. I was entitled to an hour,  I stayed in as long as I could, but due to the water temperature I had to get out early.\n\nWhen I went back to the lobby, there was no one there.  As a matter of fact, the front door was locked and there was a \"Be back in 10\" sign taped to it with the staff member's cell phone number on it.  I texted him that I was trying to leave, but didn't want to leave the door unlocked.  Shortly thereafter, he was back in the lobby.  He had gone to a neighbouring business to discuss a leaky roof situation.\n\nI proceeded to speak with him about the temperature of that water, saying that it was too cold.  He made no attempt to keep my business, there was no offer of a free visit, there was no apology.  He was not apologetic, nor did he seem concerned about keeping my business...this even though I did not see one other client at the spa during my entire visit.\n\nI would not return to the Rest Nest...and...I feel like my experience there has turned me off of the concept of floating altogether.