I picked this restaurant for an out-of-town dinner based on the Yelp reviews, and was very disappointed. I don't know if everyone else here just came on a better night with a different staff or what, but this was not the dining experience you all described. The food was just OK, not awesome or Earth-shattering. We had a variety of appetizer plates - mac n cheese, crab cakes, chicken & waffles - that were way overpriced and just average at best. We didn't get the pork belly because they wouldn't serve it without the sauerkraut - made from brussel sprouts!?! (seriously?) The server also raved about the drinks there and the \"awesome mixologists\" but the bar selection was tepid (no Sapphire, only Beefeater?) and they couldn't even make a mojito? I know that can be a  'specialty' drink in some areas but we saw plenty of them on other menus around Scottsdale. But the worst was the service and attitude of the staff; we were IGNORED all night. The server was affable and friendly but would disappear for long stretches of time. 20 minutes to get drinks, when the bar wasn't busy?? And our appetizers took almost twice that long to appear. He also forgot the bread, and didn't ask about another round of drinks until we were ready to leave! The place was a little busy but hardly packed (it was after 9pm), so we couldn't figure out what was going on.  It seemed like everyone working there was more concerned with enforcing the cool hipster vibe than actually doing any work. Except for the hostess - whose job apparently involved stomping through the restaurant periodically and angrily glaring at us like we were keeping her from something far more important. Seriously, we barely interacted with this woman (other than to ask for a table) and yet we were ducking the daggers shooting from her eyes all night. WTF was that all about? Look, any restaurant can have an off night; maybe they were short-handed in the kitchen or something. But to not acknowledge it all and generally avoid your patrons is not the tactic I would have run with.