Maybe my expectations of this place were just too high because I love Raku and because of all the good reviews I read on here. However, having been here twice now in the last few weeks, I'm forced to recognize that Sweets Raku is mostly hype and very little substance.\n\nSweets Raku does have some strengths - the absolute best feature is the layout\/décor\/ambiance. It's a fun and cute place to be in, and the open kitchen design makes the dessert preparation a fun show. This aspect of the restaurant I do love. (And don't forget to check out the sink in the bathroom.)\n\nUnfortunately, disappointing is the first word that comes to my mind when I think about the food. Perhaps the Mt. Fuji dessert epitomizes the problem I have with their approach;  the dish looks absolutely stunning when it is being prepared, with chestnut mousse being separated into strands and layered over cream and cake, then topped with chocolate powder and accented with crunchy wafers. But when I eat it, it just tastes like any old chestnut mousse and sponge cake. There's no depth to the flavors or texture or other sensations and nothing interesting going on. And when I visit a dessert specialist, I expect something amazing - not just any old dessert that I might get after an average meal at some average restaurant.\n\nAnd that's the problem with Sweets Raku. If you don't care about the open kitchen and watching the dessert being prepared right in front of you, then frankly you're much better off heading to a gourmet Strip restaurant and getting dessert there (I know of several Strip restaurants including Michelin-starred spots that will seat you even if you're only ordering dessert, and many more will let you order dessert only at the bar, too) - and you'll pay about the same as you would at Sweets Raku, to boot.\n\nThe worst part about all this is that both times I've come here, my party has agreed that the Mt. Fuji was the best dish. If the consensus best dish is something I think tastes mediocre..... oh well. I do think that the Red Rock was a close second, although maybe only because I liked the yuzu marshmellow.\n\nService is also very spotty. On both visits, our courses were not paced particularly well and we were also left waiting a long time to get the check. Also, on one of my visits I had to ask twice for a hot water refill for my tea and still never got it. Some of the staff have a lot of difficulty speaking English, which could contribute to some of the interaction difficulties - and it sure makes it hard to understand sometimes what exactly we're being fed.