Disclaimer: I'm a self-professed chicken addict, so a restaurant like this caters exactly to my tastes. I was super ecstatic that there was a new restaurant in town with a small menu of all things chicken - Chinese style.\n\nIf you're vegetarian or hoping there are other proteins that is not chicken on the menu to accommodate, now is the time to look elsewhere. They don't even offer just vegetables or sides. Every single item on the menu is a different type of chicken. \n\nI ordered the Hainan Chicken Rice and Tea Fragrant Chicken with Lo Mein (you can also substitute with rice as well). All of their entrees come with small bowl of soup and 2 stalks of bok choy for $8.50+tax. With inflation and wage increases hitting the service sector hard, I appreciated that there was still a restaurant out there offering a full meal under $10 per person price point (even amongst Asian restaurants this is challenging to find). \n\nPortion was good and filling (almost half a chicken for each entree!). I left stuffed. If it is your first time, I suggest Hainan Chicken Rice as a safe way to go for something flavorful but not overpowering. However, the Tea Fragrant Chicken is one of their specialty and more unique in taste - has a nice smokey flavor which complemented the light green onion Lo Mein I chose it with.\n\nParking is ample in the Chinatown plaza (except probably busy times like weekends when you're fighting with patrons at the dim sum restaurant beside it). Seating inside is quite limited with a few tables and some bar stools on the side, however it doesn't seem to be that busy that you would be waiting. It can get quite cold in the winter if you're facing the door and customers open the door a lot.\n\nYour meal is served in a tray with plastic cup for tea. I would prefer a real china cup, but not gonna harp too much on that. Servers are friendly and attentive since the place is really small.\n\nI will be back to try some of their other chicken dishes.\n\nPro-tip: If you plan to eat here often, get their gift card of $100 for $80 cash so you get a bit of a discount. This also applies to takeout for their chicken (which I also get for a lazy dinner at home!)