I may not be anal about many things in life however, my teeth are the exception.  I've worn braces twice and had to have 8 teeth removed in the process (Four of which are my wisdom teeth.  Does anyone know why they're called wisdom teeth?).  After all of that you better believe that I go to the dentist every six months religiously.  Well, that was until I moved to Charlotte.  Moving to a new place is always fun and exciting in the beginning but the novelty wears off when you begin to think about practical things like, \"How do I find a good doctor, Where do I take my car for service, What's a good salon (I'm 0-2)  \"Where do all the cute, SINGLE, guys with jobs hang out (Hey, how'd that get on the list?), and of course How can I find a good dentist that knows what they're doing and won't cause me to have to take a bottle of Advil when I get home?\"  \n\nSo, one day I'm checking my email and I get one from AmazonLocal Deals, which is really just LivingSocial, and I see a deal for Healthy Smiles Family Dentistry in Concord.  $55 for a cleaning and x-rays!!!! I said to myself, \"It has been 9 months, 12 days, and 14 hours since you have been to the dentist. Buy the deal!\"  I bought it.  Now, I was a bit skeptical about going to a dental office that I found on LivingSocial and so no joke, I prayed that it would be a smooth visit and indeed it was!  \n\nDr. Stainback, her husband Horace, who's the hygentist, and the receptionist are great!  They were all really nice.  Surprisingly, I had a great time at a dental office.  Never thought I'd ever say that.  Horace even took pictures of my teeth with a little camera on a wand that fit in my mouth.  I had never seen anything like it.  He then showed me the pictures and went over them with me in detail so I would be able to understand the dental lingo when Dr. Stainback came in.  \n\nThe best part is that Dr. Stainback's service prices are really reasonable.  I don't have dental insurance but was thinking about adding it to my medical plan and decided not to after I was given Dr. Stainback's prices.  It's cheaper for me to pay out of pocket than to purchase dental insurance.  I've found my dentist and couldn't be happier!  Now I just have to find a good salon and a male companion (Dang, another slip of the tongue!)