Useful for when the Undead hordes come for you... and they will.\n\nBeing a fan of Max Brooks and zombies in general, I just had to check out the business billing itself as the Zombie Apocalypse Store. Located a short hop from the strip with a dinosaur on the roof (perhaps escaping the zombie hordes itself), it THE one stop shot for all your Zombie Apocalypse needs.\n\nNeed a sword to decapitate zombies? It's there and in different styles. King Authur type swords, swords for ninjas, to even scimitars! Want to get close and personal? Strap on some Wolverine type claws and never drop your weapon, Bub.\n\nSwords and Claws not your thing? Or did your plucky group of survivors discover  these zombies weak against electicity or in the beginning stages of turning? Use a tazer instead. Useful if a loved one just turned and you just can't shoot him or her... yet.\n\nBut let's be realistic. The tools are fine but without the properly training, you'll be joing the ranks of the undead. Thankfully there's a wide assortment of training dummies and targets you can purchase to practice killing (again) the undead.\n\nWhile weapons are fine, you still have to survive day to day. No problem! Buy some emergency rations and eat like a king all while getting enough nutrition you'll need for zombie cardio. If Z - Day isn't here yet, take some of the food with you camping. It'll help with the food budget and if the zombies do attack, well you'll have plenty of food in the woods while the city folk starve since Pizza Hut isn't delivering.\n\nWhile the zombie apocalypse won't come until the secret labs perfect their reanimation formula, use the store to help prepare you for any disaster. If you're protected against zombies, then bad weather, stuck out in the desert, no power, or anything similar will be a snap. \n\nAs strange as it sounds, preparing for zombies is preparing for life.\n\nSo check out the Zombie Apocalypse not only for the tools you'll need but a celebration of zombie culture. Pick up a poster, the Zombie Survival guide, or even meet Max Brooks when he does another signing. \n\nIt would be a grave mistake not to!