Wow! What a wonderful evening we had.\n\n When I saw the great looking building that I had tried to buy with no success being ripped apart for a remodel, I was surprised. I began to drive by often to see what they were putting in the heart of my hood.\n\nFinally two nights ago my dinner date and I went late to the new spot that I have been trying to get to for a month. The fall evening was the perfect back drop for this new Central Phoenix gem. My date and I are bar people. Upon approaching this new, swank joint, I could not keep my mind on the growing hunger that I was experiencing. I was too busy taking in the new design of the building and being so jealous that it was not mine. We immediately spied the bar and asked if we could eat our dinner there. \n\nThe bar tender was so welcoming and she helped us steer through the GREAT wine list.( Freshness finally) We odered a great bottle of tempranillo. Beautiful!\n\nWe decided to share plates in order to taste more offerings. We selected the flat bread of mission figs with arugula and goat cheese to start (wanted something from their wood fired oven) and the salmon salad. I will say that in the obvious attempt to keep things simple, the menu is very difficult to read. (grey on grey in a very small font) Hello?! Cenfo people with money to spend on great food need reading glasses! Also the food descriptions are a little too brief to truly know what is going to be on your plate. This spot uses tons of great ingredients to create the final taste and the patron should know what they are getting.\n\nThe flat bread wad more like true, great, Napoleon pizza. The crust was beyond perfect. Some pizza joints need to take a lesson here. Wilted leeks, goat cheese, fresh arugula, and the most amazing roasted mission figs topped with shaved pecorino. I needed nothing else.\n\nThen came the salmon dish. Honestly, I can cook salmon...PERFECTLY. Mine was beautiful in this entree. Three large cuts of fish that were well seared and not over cooked. It was very fresh to the taste. It was served in a great big bowl lined in mixed  farm, fresh  greens with chopped celery, halved cherry tomatoes, Italian parsley, blanched yellow and green baby string beans, and blanched soy beans. Along the out side was a delightful grilled, fingerling cold potato. I could have done with out the poached farm fresh egg on top, but my truly Italian date gobbled it up and raved about the flavor.\n\nWe were ready to explode but the guy next to us was raving about thier desserts. I don't have much of a sweet tooth but my date... well that is a whole other story. \n\nHe ordered the Sticky Toffee Pudding. This is sin, cellulite, belly flab, dunlap all of the above on a plate. OMG! Rich and decodent, perfectly steamed like a Boxing day in the UK. The wonderful treat was topped with locally made sweet cream gelato.\n\nI can see myself sitting there often and viewing out on my beloved neighborhood eating good quality great tasting food for a fare price with stellar service. They are new, and have a few bugs to work out but this is going to be a very popular spot for the Central Phoenix foodies who have grown weary of bruschetta.