Was headed out of town for the weekend and thanks for a flight delay I had some time to kill and thought it would be cool to check out what Terminal 4 has to offer now so I checked things and out and made my way on over to Barrio Café. \n\nOk one of the things I like about Phoenix Sky Harbor, they are supporting locally owned restaurants and bringing them into the terminals for others to enjoy, I think it's a great thing. https:\/\/skyharbor.com\/pdf\/Terminal_4_L3_Current.pdf\nI like the look of Barrio Café, the art work is cool. \n\nI think there is a lot of improvement to be made with the hostess and there crew, when I 1st got there I told the host I was a party of one, she gave some other person a menu and told them to sit me at the bar table area facing the people walking to their gates,  walked me to the spot, put menu down and walked away, not once did they check to see if this chair belonged to someone else, maybe the drink should tipped them off, told the person whose seat I just stole I was sorry, walked back up to the podium and gave them back my menu, then they put me at a table for 4 with 3 other guest who didn't even know each other, and this was a bench seat, so I had to ask the man if he would mind moving the bench so I could sit down.  This was not cool, I was so very close to saying screw this shit I'm out. Since I was at table with a bunch of strangers I didn't know and room was limited my idea of reading my book while eating a meal was no longer available.  Barely had room for my purse on the seat because everyone but me had a carry-on bag. Also at the table next to me a man was sat there, and he waited for about 10 minutes before anyone came to him so he walked up the bar to order his own beer, but when he left his table the host put 2 people at it, he came back and saw no room for him anymore. \n\nOur server was Victor, he was a friendly guy just very over worked, I even heard him tell the host not to place anymore people in his area until he can clear some tables.  Again this is something I shouldn't be hearing.\n\nOk so I had some time to check out Barrio Cafes web site while waiting and learned 2 things, supposedly this is truly excellent, very authentic Mexican food and BC notes on its website that its food is not deliberately chile-hot, wants the flavor of the seasoniongs & spices to revel themselves.  So don't expect heat, no chips no salsa either.\n\nAfter looking the menu over I went with the burrito pollo pablano , it had grilled chicken breast with roasted poblano peppers, caramelized onions & garlic with goat cheese and a cream reduction and had the choice of salad or spicy French fires (because spicy French fries are way more authentic than beans or rice?) I picked the side salad, it was salad greens with diced tomato and goat cheese on top of it with a balsamic dressing, it was good, enjoyed the flavors.  The burrito though, I had high hopes, the chicken looked like the stuff you can get at the store, the deli fresh grilled chicken breast, it was perfectly sliced with grill marks, had no flavor at all, the peppers, onions and garlic was bland, no flavor, the goat cheese didn't have that bite it normally has, the cream reduction was like a thin alfredo sauce but bland. This entire burrito lacked flavor & spice and not the heat type of spice.\n\nI wasn't impressed with Barrio Café , even if it was the airport addition and not sure if I would wonder on over the downtown Phoenix location .  And I really wanted to like it, So thrilled that Sky Harbor is putting in locally owned places, just think they missed when they added this one, but good news is Los Taquitos is almost done being built.