I've given this place more than a few attempts to redeem itself. I personally feel that just because I had a bad experience at first doesn't necessarily mean it'll be bad the second or third time. Could've been a hiccup of sorts or poor staff.\n\nThat being said, my latest \"adventure\" was nothing short of a dissaster. Sounds a bit dramatic I know but let me explain. I walk in, look around, place is empty and there's no hostess or a sign that says seat yourself...nothing. My boyfriend and I look at eachother and shrug so we find a cozy spot in a booth\/table. It was a chilly evening and some italian comfort food sounded pretty good to me. Funny thing is my boyfriend warned me we should have gone to Olive Garden or something but I didn't want to drive far. \n\nAbout 8-10 minutes go by and a waitress who looked like she was not enjoying her day looks at us and sighs heavily. I looked at my watch to check if perhaps we came in right before closing time. (I know I would hate it as a server therefore I try to never do that) ...it was 8:30. \n\nI shrug it off thinking she's just having a bad day so I'm super nice to her and ask her how her day was...\"fine\" OK I get it cool. I ask for some cheesy bread for starter and a diet coke. (I know it's bad for you and I don't drink it often but I was in the mood for one and so was my bf) She asked us if we were ready to order our dinner, I said no, and she says, \"Well just holler at me when you're ready\" K...\n\nCheesy bread comes and it's cold, diet cokes are flat and I'm biting my tongue. If there's one thing I hate it's complaining when the server is already upset. I didn't want anyone spitting in my food. My bf looks at me and pretty much reads my mind. We agreed to stay and see how the main course goes. \n\nAt this point, we're ready to order...I decide with the baked ziti and the bf orders just a cheese pizza. Thinking sure that should be manageable right? No...food was cold and the pizza contained onions? Never asked for them and they aren't even standard on a cheese pizza. I'm thinking at this point that someone is totally messing with us. Needless to say, I would not be giving this place a fifth chance. I'M DONE!