HORRIBLE. This place is completely ridiculous and unprofessional.\n\nI had took my boyfriends car here to get the front windshield and drivers side window tinted. Wow, do we both regret it. \nWe asked for them match the tint on the drivers side with the rest of the car windows and to put a 35% tint on the front wind shield. This took a couple hours and they overcharged us by a lot as well. The owner Justin seemed to create his own price once he found out when did not get quoted prior to arriving. We decided to still get the job done here, however. \nOnce we got the car back, they left the car disgusting and dirty. We found when driving at night the windshield had a horrible glare and was extremely blurry to look through. They had also not matched the drivers side window to the rest of the car ( they made it darker than what it was supposed to be).\nWe decided to call them ahead of time and explain the problems we had. They said to come back in, and when we did they looked at it and said it looked fine to them but to come in another day to drop it off and they will fix it. Not to mention the fact that in this second visit,  they accidentally admitted to us they had put on a 50% tint instead of 35%! I was amazed to find out how rude and unprofessional the owner was (Justin). \n\nThe next day we drop the car off for the tint to get removed and redone with the correct tint. Also so they could do it without film that makes the windshield view blurry.\n\nAfter an entire day of the car being there, we got it back to find out they had done nothing to the car at all! They lied saying they would correct the problem and in actuality did absolutely nothing! \n\nA couples of weeks later I decide I wasn't going to be treated like this after paying so much money and spending so many hours trying to get this done right! \n\nI brought the car down to the shop one last time and they refused to give a refund or do the correct tint. I was being 100% polite and professional. after 30 mins of constant badgering with these people, the owner's wife finally said they would remove the tint free of charge. \nThankfully she has some business sense unlike all of the other unprofessional people at this place.\n\n\nAll in all, save your money, time, and efforts! Go somewhere else to get window tint or anything else for that matter. These people create their own prices to each individual person as they see fit and have no sense of professionalism of customer service. Most horrible experience I've had anywhere!