We have been to Hidden Harbor a few times and each time we visit we can't wait to come back.  I wish this place was closer to where we live but then if they were we would never have any money!\n\n     The first time we came here we walked in almost right when they opened on a Saturday.  It wasn't busy and it let us really look at the menu and talk to the bartender to see what would be best for us.  The bartenders were great!  Very knowledgeable, friendly, and they helped me figure out what to get.  \n\n     The second time that we came here was a lot later in the night on a Saturday.  Not too late maybe 930?  It was packed!  Great for them but we did luck out and had a cute cozy little spot on the side of the bar.  The little spot made us feel like we were special guest or something because it was just for two people and it was kind of behind the bar.  It was busy but we still got pretty good service from the bartender.  We had a few drinks, they took a few pictures for us which was nice of them, and we really enjoyed our second visit.\n\n     In the day time it was just a chill kind of atmosphere.  Nice reggae music that reminded my wife and I of our wedding\/honeymoon in Jamaica.  At night they have the lights dimmed and it's a nice place to have a few tiki drinks with your loved one and just chill out for the rest of the evening.  We didn't try any food here because we had already eaten dinner both times.\n\n     The drinks that I had were the Hidden Harbor and Josie's Faraway vacation.  I really like both.  The Hidden Harbor drink is so cool looking.  The bartender said that they freeze the ice before to get it to look that cool and it just enhances the drink.  Since I do the driving I can only drink about two of these drinks.  I would love to taste more and I eventually will.  My wife's favorite drink here is the Leaf & Bean.  It is so cool looking as well but very strong.  It's not a fruity type of drink so if you're more into a strong kind of drink try this one.  They also have a few big drinks that you can share with your loved one.  Check it out!\n\n     We will be back hopefully soon and I only I wish that they were open on Sundays.  It would be perfect to have a drink here after brunch!  Oh well Cheers!