The sign was so Big, it caught my attention.. Why not, lets do it. When I think of Vietnamese food, I think of that soothing super hot Pho soup or that inexpensive cold cut Banh mi sub.. Not here! \n\nFelt like having rice anyway:\n\nVietnamese BBQ Spring Rolls: Actually I wanted the Fried Egg Rolls But I guess I ordered this instead.. No problem.. 4 Fat pieces of unfried spring rolls and a complex looking peanut sauce. I had to take a bite without the sauce to taste what I was working with.. Oooh Very nice! Great pork\/meaty flavor, a healthy dose of herbs\/veggies and a crunchy roll of texture! What a touch of genius.. That roll (looked like a stick of cinnamon) but tasted like a sweet cracker and gave that soft roll that crunch that I desire from Fried Egg Rolls.. Very Noice! The peanut sauce, wasn't the ordinary plain, expected peanut sauce.. It was obvious just by looking at it. Well, whatever they put it in there made me an even happier camper! Awesome way to start!\n\n62. BBQ Pork with Broken Rice plus Chinese Sausage: Several thin slices of golden brown pork, dark red slices of chinese sausage over a bed of Broken rice and sweet pickled daikon (type of radish), carrots and cucmber. On the side for dipping the bbq pork, my server actually made my fish sauce mix tableside (water, vinegar, sugar and fish sauce, plus a splash of chili). The pork was tender, had a light flavor and dipping it in the sauce was Money!! One of the few items that you'd find in my freezer are Chinese sausages. I buy frozen packages at the Asian markets, slice em' thin, lightly fry and eat them like popcorn. They're Really REALLLY GOOD! Theirs seemed to taste a tad better maybe because theirs are supposedly never frozen.. The sweet pickled veggies were fresh and balanced some of the fattiness from the meats beautifully. The broken rice's appealing naturally buttery note was a Bonus! Subtle But Noticeable. Very Delicous Dish!! \n\n*Broken rice: Some history according to the server - Originally transporters from ancient times used to sift\/throw away the \"broken\" grains of rice until it became so much that they decided to try cooking it themselves instead of wasting it. Come to find out, they discovered that it carried a different satisfying flavor. Now it's sold separately like a delicacy.. \n\nPennywort Juice with Mung bean: Server told me that the this was formed from leaves that float like lily pads in the water and that they also add some coconut juice in it. If I were to blind taste this with Wheatgrass Juice, I wouldn't tell the difference except this had a grainy consistency. Not bad, I think it was healthy! \n\nService Beyond what I expected in terms of knowledge of the food, especially coming from an African American Server! What's up \"Mo\"! Super cool guy and a Very patient, Attentive and Easy to talk to. This place served up One of the better Vietnamese riced dishes and Rolls I've ever had. Value was there. Atmosphere was clean and typical Asian. Without a Doubt, I will be making my regular stops here from now on!