I am trying to figure out why this show is so highly rated and for the life of me, I can't understand why there are so many 5 star ratings.\n\nThe funny thing is that most of the people who give the show 5 stars are not Beatles fans!  If you're not a Beatles fan, maybe you've never really been exposed to the music before.  I am a big Cirque fan and a HUGE Beatles fan.  I can recite every lyric from every Beatles song as well as tell you what album and track any song is from.  I already know Beatles music is great.  Maybe that's why I was so disappointed by the show.\n\nTo me it just seemed like a bunch of people jumping up and down to the rhythm of Beatles music.  They were literally bouncing up and down on trampolines to Beatles songs.  There was too much of too little going on at the same time -- it all seemed a bit disorganized and schizophrenic (perhaps they were just trying to make the audience feel like they were on acid?).\n\nWhen I walk away from a Cirque show, I usually grab my friends and say, \"Can you believe the guys who did X?\"  \"Weren't the girls who did Y amazing?\"  Cirque shows are supposed to be about acrobats pushing the envelope of what the human body can do.  It's hard for me to get excited about people bouncing up and down.\n\nI can name 5 jaw-dropping feats from O.  I can name 5 eye-rubbing feats from Mystere.  I loved the Chinese Diabolo (yo-yo) girls from Quidam.  What do I remember about LOVE?  There was one cool thing that they did with a Transformer-like VW Bug, although there was nothing acrobatic about it.  They also ran a giant tarp over the entire audience that got sucked up by a vacuum cleaner or something -- interesting to watch, but I remember doing the same thing playing \"parachute\" in elementary school.\n\nI don't like being the only person with bad things to say about this show, but there you have it.  The show is a good introduction to the music if you've never really been a Beatles fan, but I think if you're already a fan, the dancing is just a distraction.  Like I said, I am a big Cirque fan and a big Beatles fan, but I don't think the world needed a combination of the two...To me, it's kinda like the episode of 30 Rock where Tracy Morgan tried to combine video games and porn.