I have eaten at at least 20 other Vietnamese restaurants in Phoenix metro, on East and West sides, and in Mesa, including Pho Tranh, Little Saigon, Noodles Ranch, Phoenix Pho Vietnamese, Sui Noi, too many to list.  Pho 43 is up there in taste.  The Pho 43 broth may be better than Da Vang at 19th Ave and Camelback, but to me #1 favorite is Da Vang because their price is about 25%- 35% LESS than any other vietnamese restaurant.  And Da Vang has a huge menu.  (Update April 2018, Da Vang raised their prices to meet the other aforementioned restaurants.)\n\nTaste of food at least 4 stars for Pho 43, but I am giving Pho 43 3 stars because of three things.  \n\n1.  Deficient service - When I arrived, my server did ask me what I wanted to drink.  I said ice water with lime wedges I can squeeze in my water, and Splenda packets.  But he forgot to bring my water.  I had to ask for it when I was almost done with my food almost an hour later, so you know he forgot, not just \"slow\".  Also, when I was almost done with my pho, it suddenly struck me that other tables with pho had sprouts and basil on their table, but I did not.  I asked another server, \"Aren't I supposed to get the sprouts and basil with my pho, like the other tables have?\"   He said yes.  By that time, my soup was cold, and nothing much left in my bowl to put the sprouts in, so I asked the other server who brought me water, to pack my sprouts and basil to go.  Later, at home, I sauteed the sprouts and basil with beaten eggs and shrimp and put that in a tortilla with hoisen sauce, for a sort mooshoo scrambled egg wrap.  Really delicious for breakfast!  \n\n2.  Price is about 30% more than Da Vang., e.g. same bowl of pho, same ingredients $5.25 at Da Vang, $7.50 at Pho 43.  \n\n3.  Physical condition of restaurant - I had to move many chairs around to find a chair with a seat pad that wasn't cut and slashed, or like rat ate a hole out of the cushion.   Also some chairs rocked, as some of the legs were shorter than others.   Looking around, seemed about 40% of the chairs had marred, cut up, chunks missing seat pads.   Da Vang's tables and chairs look new.