Me and my daughter (toddler) went here yesterday for lunch, another friend of mine came. We waited for someone to approach for about 5-10mins. No one came. So I went to the Juice Bar and asked the lady if we could just find our own table. She said, oh no , Ill take you and apologized. So we sat down, I had to ask for the kids menu, and a high chair..obviously, if you're  going to seat us and you see that there's a toddler, you're supposed to automatically assume that we need a kids menu and highchair or booster or at least ask if we need one. So she came back w the kids menu and highchair, the kids menu at most restaurants consist of a coloring paper and a set of crayons. So yes it was a coloring paper\/menu..but no crayons, so I asked the server we didnt get a crayon. she said , oh no we dont have any...i said oh u ran out of crayons? and she said, no we dont give out crayons...  i was like , huh? OKAY... so my daughter who's 2 yr old got the coloring paper but no crayon good thing she didnt throw a fit, she just kept saying color color color.... so I just handed her my smart phone so she can play and keep her busy before she screams.... \nUgh... that right there was a sign that we should have left and not order... but i was craving for some chicken wings... and we were hungry..we ordered chicken wings, and 2 entrees . was hoping the customer service will get better, but no! The server didnt come back to refill my empty glass of water and my friend had to call the server to ask for refill on his green tea.  The server came finally to offer if we wanted dessert... and became nice and all smiley towards the end, of course, because thats when she handed the tab... Well she still got a decent amount of tip because thats just how we are. But I just hope that they improve their customer service skills. Its a healthy restaurant, therefore, the people that work there must show some positiveness and encouragement with a smile.. :) that is all i wanted to share. I hope that whoever reads this, if you are the management, please address this to your employees. \n\nThank you.