IKEA can suck my LEKSVIK.\n\nEvery time I go to IKEA, I'm reminded why I hate it so much - and yet I keep returning. Just entering the store is like going on Mr. Toad's Wild Ride - once you enter, you can't leave until you've taken the entire tour through the maze of shitty Swedish furniture. They provide you with cheap shitty food, a place to crap or puke it out, and strategically placed seating so you can rest. They black out the windows so you have no sense of time as well. It's evil genius. \n\nI think it's absurd that people actually eat here - like they just accept that they are being held prisoner by an evil Swedish furniture factory. The cheap food is too cheap - it's gut-rot inducing and it pains me just to think about it. Hot Dogs and Meat Balls? Are you serious? You don't even know what kind of mystery meat it is - much less if it's even real meat... and you happily pay a buck like you're really sticking it to the man with your bargain meal. Gag me.\n\nJust like at Disneyland, people bring their fucking ugly kids here and allow them to run around free screaming like wild animals. Parents use their strollers as battering rams to make way through the crowd. Nobody in there has ever showered in their life. I sometimes suspect that everyone there is a paid extra - nobody is ever buying anything.\n\nThere are two ways to shop here: 1. Arrive having researched and read the catalog and have a specific list of things to buy. 2. Wander around aimlessly for 3 hours, pick up something that you kinda need and carry it around with you for another 3 hours, give up the moment you have the exit door in sight and leave your single pathetic item on a pallet of flat-pack deck chairs and bypass the checkout lines so you can taste freedom at last.\n\nIKEA furniture is cheap, but expensive. It looks nice from far away, but up close you can see that it's junk. Run your hand along any of their wood counter surfaces and you'll feel the warping. Have a look at any corner on any dresser and you'll see the finish peeling away. It's good for utility furniture or to fill out a guest bedroom or storage room or kids room, but unless you're a college kid - this furniture is garbage. To top it off, it's overpriced. \n\nThe only things worth buying here are lightbulbs and batteries (which honestly aren't that great) because they are cheap. Even their flatware is crap - it rusts... yes, it rusts. You're better off going to Tuesday Morning or Ross or even Target and picking up something nicer. Don't be fooled by the contemporary modern urban stylings - IKEA is overpriced crappy junk. It's not cheap because they flat pack and pass the savings on to you - it's cheap because it's junk. \n\nI have some IKEA dressers and I use them as DVD storage - they work fine, but I don't expect them to last forever. Their couches are all uncomfortable, their chairs are even worse. The beds are barely one step up from sleeping on the floor. Their kitchen and bathroom cabinets are awful - you'll be sorry if you remodel your rooms with this stuff. \n\nI like the look of IKEA - honestly, I do. I think it's a good concept and they have some really good style ideas. Nothing they sell is really well-made and assembly is required... considering what it is, it's overpriced. That said - you can find some decent stuff here. Inexpensive poorly-crafted furniture has its applications.