If I could give a rate of -100 I would. This place has got to have the worst management I have ever had to deal with in my entire life. I came in with my mother for a shellac Mani and pedi for myself and pedi for my mother. \n\nA) one lady was doing my pedicure and since it wasn't too busy they got another lady to START my manicure, after cutting 3 of my left hand fingers this lady left and started doing the pedicure of the new comer - I understand. But then this kid who isn't in uniform I think it's the owners daughter started to continue doing my manicure - at first I felt very uncomfortable but she actually did a good job cleaning it so no complain. \n\nB) My pedicure is done, manicure done and now just polishing my nails. I asked the very first lady who started the manicure if I could have white Mani but have sparkly stuff on my ring finger (picture attached) she said yes. Here comes the worst manager EVER - HELEN started putting the nail Polish - this other lady named Linda stood next to her watching her how to put nail Polish. When HELEN started putting silver nail Polish on my ring finger I said \"hey I just wanted sparkle\" she said \"yea I know\" OK... So I just left it and when she finally put the sparkle on the silver nail Polish that's when I said \"Ohhh I wanted while nail Polish and sparkle on top not silver\" she insisted that I had shown her the demo that consisted of silver nail Polish and sparkle and I said yes I did show you that but I also told the other lady the way I wanted it. Honestly, if ONE person just did my manicure this would have never happened. So I said it's fine just leave it - she didn't even offered to remove it?! It wasnt even finished! I just left it whatever. It turned out pretty so I didn't mind. \n\nC) when she finally finished I noticed that my right thumb nail Polish had finger prints on it - although you can't feel it from the top coat it is still very noticeable in my eyes and I feel like since it was JUST recently completed I think I have the right to get it fixed. No, Helen refused and she said it was perfect I said no its not and she started talking so rudely reverting back to the colour (B) problem we just resolved. And I said no I can see it - HELEN goes to her current customer \"can you see it?\" I said please don't get this person involve. She got so defensive and started yelling and said she was going to remove all the nail Polish on my finger and I said if you do that why would I pay you? She said you have to pay me?! And I said no way! I asked you to fix one nail and you refused to do it when I'm already telling her that I'm not satisfied she refused to accept it. We went back and forth yelling and guess what. She said she was going to call 911 on me if I don't pay? I said I would pay if you fix this error and she said no she took her phone and started dialing who knows but claimed 911 and I said FINE GO CALL 911 I'LL BE WAITING HERE.  I sat with my mom waiting for her to get off the phone - while she was on the phone she kept being racist talking in her language saying \"these filipino people\" seriously?! And get this - she locked the door! SHE FUCKIN LOCKED THE DOOR SO MY MOM AND I WOULDNT GET OUT?! CAN YOU BELIEVE IT! SHE LOCKED THE STORE DOOR. Omg who does that!!!!!!!!! She's seriously the worst. Please please, do not come here - just don't. Helen is the worst manager, the worst person, the worst customer service I have ever had to deal with. \n\nd) my mom's pedicure wasn't satisfying either - she didn't use the blade so it was still rough and when my mom told her Helen said \"you should come here often so it can be fully removed\". Seriously?! \n\nI'm not even exaggerating when I say, don't waste your time and money. We spend $80 on BS from Helen. Who locks their store on their customer because of one ONE nail finger that she refused to fix?! LOCKED THE DOOR! CALL 911! COME ON what are you? \n\nIf you do go, good luck with Helen. She might act nice in the beginning but if you don't follow what she says she'll start talking shit in front of you in her language with her staff. The worst. -100 star rating. Negative.