I'm beyond thrilled I found this place! Nori is outstanding!! \n\nSushi- Try the Poke Poki Roll, I love tuna poke so I was anxious to try this roll. The crumbled Doritos on top give it an awesome crunch. The Sakana Trio might be one of the most delicious rolls I have ever had. This roll has fresh Ahi, Yellowtail and Salmon layered atop and garnished with citrus popping BOBA. Another must try is the Ahi Tuna Tataki roll! I love the crispy onions and house made tataki dressing that make this roll one of my favorites.\n\nDon't pass up the Tropical Hamachi and The Tuna Carpaccio both served sashimi style, which I love! \n\nFor all you non sushi foodies there is plenty to choose from! Try the Yakisoba noodles with chicken, you won't be disappointed. A few other noteworthy non-sushi dishes include, The Rib-eye Yakitori, The Galbi short rib plate, Breaded Pork Katsu and The melt in your mouth Miso Chilean Sea Bass. Honestly I have yet to try one bad thing on the menu, even the salads are amazing (try the Ahi Tuna Tataki Salad).  I almost forgot to mention that they also have a Prosciutto \"sushi\" roll thats made for those who don't eat fish.\n\nBe prepared to have your socks knocked off after trying the Green Tea Waffle with Vanilla Ice Cream for dessert... All I can say is YUMMMMMM!\n\nOkay so I know I raved about the amazing food but what makes me love this place even more is the extensive Sake list and awesome cocktails. Being a sake lover I was thrilled to see the amazing choices of sake I could choose from. My two favorites are the nigori and The Zipang, but If you're more into cocktails try the Thai Heat which has a fiery kick to it or the Blueberry Shisojito for a nice refreshing drink.\n\nAll in all this place has super fresh, one of a kind sushi, and amazing kitchen menu, amazing beverages to choose from not to mention their knowledgeable awesome team makes for a great experience all together. I'll be back and i'm bringing friends!! \n\nOh and one more thing... They have an awesome Happy Hour (M-F between 3-6pm) and an awesome wine special on Mondays!!