The Harp is a good place to get a sandwich or a breakfast either of which is better with black Irish beer.\n\nI have been to the Harp for breakfast and I got eggs and other interesting breakfast fare including black blood sausage. If I were cool I'd tell you that I ate the blood sausage like Anthony Bourdain eats the ass out of an ostrich but in fact I didn't even try it. I didn't even give it a chance because it is oats soaked in blood, simmered in water and sliced thin.\n\nYou know what? I am proud that I didn't even try that blood sausage. I am glad that I just stabbed it a few times and let them have it back. \n\nIt is gross to eat blood and guts and offal and I can afford not to eat that kind of shit. The reason that Irish people ate this back in the day was that they couldn't afford not to. Ditto that nasty tripe soup at this pho and that pho. I'll bet that the guy who runs the Harp meets with the guy who runs Superior Pho for lunch and they get a Moxie burger and an over-priced Brooklyn Lager. Good for them. They can afford to eat better. \n\nThe eggs at the Harp are good and the bread\/toast is good stuff too. The sandwiches are great for lunch and you can sit out on the patio and eavesdrop on the bank cubicle people celebrating Jo-Ann's birthday. They drive out from downtown every day. I like them. Sometimes I wish I were one of them. I have had a lot of sandwiches at this place and I can tell you, if you are hungry, you will be happy with what you get.\n\nI always get a Guinness at the Harp because Guinness is good and they do a good job keeping the keg lines clean so you don't get that Lake Erie smell with every sip. Guinness at the Harp seems better somehow. Especially in the morning. They don't act surprised that you want one. And you do want one. Hell, that's why you're at the Harp whether you admit it or not.\n\nYou can see Cleveland Browns Stadium from the patio which is cool.\n\nI like this place and you will too as long as you get the Guinness instead of the Iced Tea. Don't get the Iced Tea because this is an Irish pub. Show the place some respect.