When I visit Vegas I usually stay at my friends home which is located a few minutes from Sunset. One evening I didn't feel like hitting the strip so he suggested we go here instead to gamble a little and have dinner. I did not expect much when it came to the buffet and sunset managed to fulfill my low expectations. The food was on par with a lousy chinese buffet. \n\nAs for the staff at the casino, full of fking attitude. We sat at an empty BJ table, our dealer took his own sweet time as if we were doing him a favor by gambling there.Every time we lost a bet he would snatch the chips we lost in the most rude manner. \n\nAfter that nonsense we switched tables and again our dealer dealt slow, then stopped dealing all together, even though we had placed our bets cuz he felt the need to have a conversation with his friend that stood right behind us and spoke quite loud. A few minutes later my buddy requests that he deals the cards, the douche dealer just glances at us takes his sweet time and slowly deals the cards while continuing to chat with his friend about some night they went clubbing together. I do not know why we stayed after that but instead of leaving we placed another bet well douche once again stops dealing the cards just to chat with his buddy, so I ask douche, are you here to deal or gossip with your friend, deal the cards. He told me to \"take it easy\" I told him to deal the fkn cards.\n\nMind you we were cool with everyone, never made a scene, we were not rude until we dealt with douche. ... I am not one to start shit unless I feel disrespected. The pit boss came by, so we told him what happened he told us this is a locals casino, and we cater to locals so we like to chat with our customers and if that means we take a little longer to deal cards, that is the way it is. I told him, so we have to wait 5 minutes in between each hand while the dealer reminisces about some club he and his friend (whom by the way is not betting) went to and talk shit about the girls they hit on,  he looked at the dealer, then looked at us and told us I think you guys are more suited to gamble on the strip.\n\nF you Sunset, F you!