I really really wanted this to be awesome. I work next door and have been teased by the \"Coming Soon\" sign for what feels like an eternity! Well, the day had finally come, March 5, the GRAND OPENING of my new breakfast and lunch hot spot. \n\nGrand opening I was so happy they were finally open. My coworkers and I walked on over for some breakfast. I ordered a Four Cheese souffle and a medium Americano. They were pretty quick, happy to see you, greeted with a smile. Score! I'm happy now. Got our food and walked back over to our office. Coffee was great, I'm eating my souffle....there's a hunk of something in it that I bite down on. Upon further inspection of said souffle, there are artichokes in it. Ok, no biggie, I just didn't realize there were artichokes in the four cheese one....and upon inspecting the site, there's not. They had incorrectly given me the Spinach and Artichoke one. Not an awful mistake, except it's 70 calories more and I ordered the Four Cheese because it was lower in calories.\n\nLunch, let's just head on over and we can regain our excitement of Panera being next door. I decide on the Power Mediterranean Roasted Turkey Salad. Looks super tasty, super healthy and again I am happy! We get our lunch and head on back over to our office. I open up my lunch...what a cute box. A little disappointed because from outside the little boxed window it doesn't look very big. Not very big at all for a $9 salad. Oh well, I open it up and stop in my tracks. There's some turkey, cool; olives, check; no lemon juice, but 2 olive oils; and spinach, like less than 20 leaves. I move aside the spinach looking for more and I just get the bottom of the cardboard box....where's the rest of it. There's no \"salad\" in my salad. Now I'm totally bummed. I call over, more-so to let them know the kitchen might have a hiccup and the Manager tells me they want to make it right, to come on over and they'll fix it. At this point, there's a line out of the door and we just agree to take care of it the next day. \n\nPanera isn't all it's cracked up to be so far. BUT....they have promised to make it right!! And now here we are. Walked on over this morning, spoke with the Manager who once again apologized. No biggie, bumps in the road, it happens. I order up a coffee and the Power Breakfast Egg Bowl with Steak. The girl at the register isn't sure how to ring it in, the manager helps her...I hold my breath.....ok, we're all set. She comped my breakfast and coffee, the order got put in, we're golden right? Grab my bag, we walk on back. Sit down at my desk, mmmm steak and eggs and avacado and.....at this point is where you hear the screeching halt of tires. I get that things in real life don't look like stuff in the professional photographs, but they didn't even try. For some reason my breakfast was on salad (maybe that's making up for the lack of it from the lunch) the \"Two all-natural eggs, freshly cracked every morning\" were actually just two ice cold egg white patties. Gross. And their \"seared steak\", well that was a cold chewy mess as well. I couldn't even stomach it. Take a look at the picture:  http:\/\/i62.tinypic.com\/2hcnsk2.jpg\n\nAfter all that, they've struck out 3 times and lost me as a customer.