EXCEPTIONAL CUSTOMER SERVICE\n\nMy boyfriend and I came here on our first date six months ago.  It was a wonderful dinner and our waitress, Priscilla, and the rest of the Del Frisco staff outdid themselves that night.  They were incredibly attentive and the food was delicious, especially the lobster mac & cheese. \nhttp:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz\/del-friscos-double-eagle-steak-house-las-vegas-2#hrid:1Cziker169quEYeflq99GA\n\nFor our six-month anniversary, we returned to the scene of the crime.  Unfortunately, Priscilla was on maternity leave.  How did we know that?  Because when Mel called to make the reservation, he was informed of that fact.  How did they know that Priscilla was our waitress? They must have a file on every customer and keep notes!  Whatever it is, I'm impressed.\n When we showed up for dinner and checked in, guess what?  The hostess told us that Priscilla was on maternity leave-hah!  We know, but thank you.  We were shown to our table and a gentleman took our drink order and told us that Liz would be our waitress that evening.\nLiz showed up and told us that Priscilla was on maternity leave with her son.  By now, this would be considered to be kind of weird, but we were impressed that the staff of this establishment went to such lengths to make sure that we were taken care of.  Note, we'd only been here ONCE before.\nNeedless to say, Liz took great care of us.  The manager stopped by our table to greet us.  No less than 3 different staff members filled water glasses, brought entrees and side dishes.  A big plus to the staff member who brought us our steaks and requested that we cut into them to ensure that they were cooked to our liking before he left the table--that was a first for me and I'm even more impressed.  I had the beef medallions, 3 pieces of steak served over mashed potatoes with green beans.  I could only eat two of the medallions because we started with the sesame bread and butter as well as Del's salad for me, plus lobster mac & cheese on the side.  Mel had the filet mignon with mushrooms on the side.  It was a lot of food, but we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner here once again.  Another big plus is the cool piano player who plunked out some nice tunes, including one of my faves, \"The Girl from Ipanema.\"  I was a happy woman that night and we will definitely be back after another wonderful dining experience at Del Frisco's.  I've never had such great customer service and it didn't stop that night.  Mel received a follow-up e-mail the next day to thank us for our business; incredible.