If you're looking for a truly upscale dining experience in Phoenix you must try Hillstone.  My brother and I came here for a sushi lunch and were greeted by a hostess in a black cocktail dress with the appropriate jewelry.  She led us past the station where we could see the sushi chefs creating artistic masterpieces and finally deposited us at a dimly lit table that felt secluded even though there were other tables all around us.  This beautifully decorated restaurant has mastered the feel of Old World elegance.  They appear to achieve this effortlessly, though I'm sure it is not as easy as it seems.  The menu does discreetly remind you to do your part \"Please refrain from using cell phones in the dining room.\"\n\nThe waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu and was able to accurately describe how each type of sushi was made.  My brother and I were saddened to hear that they did not have their famous artichokes on the menu at this time of year.  The waitress let us know that the artichokes produced by their supplier were better at a different time of the year and would be back on the menu when their high standards were met.\n\nWe started our lunch with an order of fresh guacamole, salsa, and corn chips. The salsa and guacamole were beautifully constructed and it was easy to tell they were freshly made that day.  They were gone in no time at all\n\nOur waitress was quite solicitous \"Would you like some warm towels before your sushi?\"  Why, yes, we would.  She brought us warm damp towels to freshen our hands with and chilled bowls for our soy sauce.  We felt quite well taken care of as she unobtrusively came and went.  My brother exclaimed \"She is a ninja\" at one point as she took dirty dishes and unneeded silverware aware without drawing our notice.\n\nI ordered the Thai tuna thai roll which was beautifully plated in a diamond pattern and accompanied by several dipping sauces.  I tried the rolls with and without the sauces and every bite was like a revelation.  Truly the best sushi I have ever had.\n\nMy brother, Josh, ordered one of the pressed sushi rolls paired with a kale and cashew salad.  I tasted one of the pressed sushi rolls and it was as magnificent as my rolls had been.  Luckily for me, my brother is not big on kale, so I talked him into letting me have his salad.  The kale and cashew salad was simply amazing and was definitely worthy of being its own main dish.\n\nUnfortunately, we did not save room for dessert on this visit, but I would like to come back when the artichokes are in season and promise to save room for the dessert next time!\n\nThis is a very classy (dressy) restaurant, but it is Phoenix so casual is also an acceptable option.  Most of the people in the restaurant when we were there were dressed in suits or designer dresses, but my brother and I were dressed very casually (we went hiking after lunch) and were treated with just as much respect as those who were dressed more appropriately.