A nice addition to the Henderson BBQ scene that seems to be growing by the day. My husband loves meat and wanted to try this spot as soon as he discovered it. It seemed like good fuel before our axe throwing league night. \n\nSin City Smokers Barbeque is located in an older shopping center at Sunset and Green Valley. It's not the nicest looking shopping center so I was pleasantly surprised when we stepped inside the restaurant. The restaurant is very clean and uncluttered. The Texas BBQ themed décor was cute and added to the ambiance. The counter is in the middle of the restaurant where orders are taken and then brought to the table. The entrance divides two sections of seating. The inside of the restaurant is well done for a casual dining spot. The restaurant smells amazing as soon as you walk in the door too.\n\nThe menu offers several meats and from there you choose if you want the meat in tacos, a salad, plated, as a sandwich, in a quesadilla, or on fries. There are about half a dozen side options that come a la carte. In addition there are several specialty sandwich options and daily specials. The menu doesn't look big, but there are a actually a lot of options.\n\nMy husband and I decided to share a few things. Unfortunately, they were out of ribs so we had to go with another meat. We chose Brisket and Smoked Pork. The brisket was marbled and didn't have a lean option. I really liked the flavor of it and when only eating half of the portion the amount of fat was fine. It would have been too rich for me to eat alone. The smoked pork was delicious and moist. I liked the traditional sauce that came with the meats. It had a little heat and a smoky flavor. The sweeter sauce was good, but I preferred the traditional sauce. \n\nFor sides we shared Maple Bacon Sweet Baked Beans and Jalapeno Potato Salad. We both loved the baked beans and they were sweet indeed. I love that they didn't hold back on the maple flavor. The potato salad was good and the jalapeno didn't overwhelm the flavor or add too much heat. The only disappointment was the Sweet Tea. My husband declared it garbage and upon tasting I asked if he had grabbed from the wrong drink dispenser. Hopefully it was just a bad batch and it'll be better next time.\n\nThe pricing seemed about right in comparison to other BBQ spots in the area. Most places offer a plate that comes with sides, but even with the a la carte ordering it didn't add up to more than other restaurants charge for a combination plate. It'd be cool if the plated option that comes with onions and a jalapeno included a small piece of cornbread or even a slice of white bread (traditional to Texas BBQ style).\n\nThe portions aren't as large as some other spots, but I kind of liked that it was easy to enjoy BBQ without overdoing it. With my husband and I sharing two meats and two sides I'd say that our meal was on the lighter side. Each side made a small serving for each of us. \n\nWe'll be back. Hopefully the ribs will be available next time!