3.5 stars... I definitely think this is a great place for a first date brunch or meet up with friends.  The atmosphere is really nice and no one can say they ever left hungry.  For the atmosphere and value... it's almost unheard of in Toronto.  4 stars for the place but the food is where it's a bit spotty.\n\nYou can find Wickson within a few seconds of Yonge St.  It's in the first floor of a new building and Wickson takes full advantage of the space. Vaulted ceilings, big windows, and a great atmosphere unfolds as you walk in.  Yes it's unmistakably a bar but it's a really nice one... vibrant reds and gleaming warm woods are everywhere.  There are 2 side rooms which are very cool and allows for private dinners ... one is a blue room which probably can fit easily 12+ and there's a room on a lower 'above ground' alcove that has many tables and it's own bar.  That would be great space for a party.  Unlike most bars, there's definitely a modern hip edge and it's visible in the bold mural in the main room.\n\nService here is polite and careful ... I think for brunch, they had 3 focused staff with someone at the bar.  It wasn't as attentive or engaging as other places but nothing went amiss and we never had to wait tooo long.  Though I think the table beside us sat with a dirty table for a while before someone cleaned it up and place new clean cutlery down.\n\nPotato Rosti with poached eggs & smoked salmon - Rosti is one of my comfort foods... whenever I am in Europe and just beat from the days travel, if there's Rosti on the menu, decision done pleasethxuverymuch. \n With the poached eggs, smoke salmon, and goat cheese on top, this would seem to be a winner.  i think execution is what made this a miss... Rost was crispy and generous in portion but it arrived cold.  The 2 eggs werent quail sized thank goodness but they were done hard (yolk was 80% cooked through).  I think it maybe sat a little long before being served? I'm not sure. 3\/5\n\nBanoffee french toast - Another potential winner looking at the menu... french toast with caramelized bananas and toffee?  Sounds good.  When it arrived, it was another generous plate but the french toast was very heavy.  It wasn't the custard middle and crisp edges that makes us impressed.  The edges were soft... perhaps it wasn't seared high enough temp and soaked too long in the custard?  Also the flavour was ok... nothing jumped out as being very good.  3\/5\n\nDuck Fat Home Fries - Possibly best home fries we've had in Toronto.  Honestly.  We normally get a side dish of the fries and this one by far was one of the best one.  It arrived hot, crispy, with that great crunch on the crust and tossed with a lot of flavourful spices and seasoning that makes you want to order a 2nd bowl.  We asked for it to be extra crispy and this was just perfect.  5\/5\n\nIf you want drinks and a few snacks... I think this would be a great spot.  The vibe and value is really rare to see in Toronto.  As for food quality, the brunch is a bit spotty... sure they showed a great home fries and large portions but not sure if I'd come back quickly to try their other dishes.