I write this while cramming their beef kafta into my face right now. Just thought you all should know that. If ithis review is full of typos and grammatical errors it is because I'm only using one hand, my left hand. My dominant right hand has the more important task of cradling this beef kafta sandwich and navigating it towards my face like a deliciously seasoned little airplane. And that work is too important to interrupt even for a single minute.\n\nEver walk into a place and just get the feeling that whoever runs it is really trying hard? They're really invested in making it work and not half assing it? This is one of those places. It isn't a slapped together to make a couple bucks hole in the wall, this place is legit and should be around for a long time to come. \n\nIf any reader is familiar with the former hot dog shop that occupied this space, you will immediately notice the full gut job renovation they have done. Prior to Falafel X-press it was horrible outdated, dark, there was no where to sit, and the space was not used efficiently at all. Now it is very clean, modern, bright, and there is a decent amount of comfortable seating (something I didn't think they could squeeze in that space, but they managed beautifully). I anticipated the seating to be cramped with other peoples elbows shoved into your face, but no. It is spacious with lots of elbow room.\n\nThe menu has a good variety of items, both traditional falafel type foods as well as american foods like philly cheese and buffalo chicken with fries. So it is good for groups of people, everyone can find something they like. The food and grill is set up right behind the counter so you can watch everything being made. I don't think I have waited longer than ten minutes (even that is pushing it) for three full meals to be prepared. I was impressed by that.\n\nThe staff there is very friendly and knowledgable, even when ordering for people with food allergies. The meals also taste really fresh, no soggy grease bombs here. They also have more varieties and styles of baclava than I have ever seen in one restaurant before, each one is very tasty. Crispy and gooey without being so slathered in honey that they are wet and difficult to eat. I also generally feed myself and my two room mates all for about $20 which is a great deal. Think about it, for $6 you can get a disappointingly familiar McHeart-Attack combo meal at the drive through OR you can get some fresh flavorful gyros that are made just as quickly as a fast food burger. I'll take the latter. Not just for the amazing taste but to also delay the time and severity of my inevitable stroke. \n\nFor those wondering what sets them apart from the other Greek\/Mediterranean joints nearby, you simply need to eat more gyros. No two are alike and it is always worth trying a new place. They all have their own little spin and flavorings. Plus, this has decent American grub as well (not just frozen chicken fingers like some places). Also, if you have to drive to get your gyros, this place actually has parking, a rarity in Lakewood.\n\nThe only little change I would make is that I would love to see them carry beer or some other casual bottled alcohol drinks. Falafel, kafta, and gyros all just go great with a cold beer. \n\nBONUS: They also have some unique beverages like Mexican Coke and glass bottled root beer.