This is a fair reflection of what I have experience on the particular day I was there in mid-September 2012 with the particular hairdresser. Maybe other people are lucky and came later and things have improved, I cannot judge that. This is simple an account of my experience. Maybe because I didn't walk in there with a high end make-up, wearing a Prada purse and some Dior dress? Maybe this is why I got a second class treatment? I am sorry, I aint dressing to impress hairdressers, I need to take long ride in the subway, pick up my son from daycare and spend a day at university lab. A-a-anyway...\nI came there by a Groupon (validated exploring new places), otherwise I wouldn't walk into a salon where haircut starts at $65. Anyway, for an expensive place in Yorkville as it tried to portray itself it screwed up on:\n- for these prices, I shouldn't be made to listen to Kiss92 and their adds through my visit.They could buy a used CD player and borrow some CDs in the library or buy some in the thrift store if they're that cheap. This was a big put down. \n- it's a big place area-wise but the change room is tiny and was cramped with some supplies.\n- There were three stuff (or four including a weird gentleman with a laptop at the front table, it wasn't a desk), yet, when I walked it, there were hair all over the floor around the chair where I was seated. It was mopped closer to the end of my stay, but in the two other Yorkville salons I've had it first free stuff would wipe the floor clean instead of hanging around.\n- the girl that has done my cut had hair in her scissors pouch, which is both yucky and unsanitary. \n- the washing station had a very weirdly shaped thing (whatever it's called) where you place your head, it was actually very painful and my head has hurt in that place for 2 days after. I believe they're supposed to place a towel under, although I cannot recollect from other places.\n- my hairdresser didn't ask me how I part my hair, she just proceeded to part it in the middle. Everywhere I've been to before has asked that, in my option, basic question, before doing any damage.\n- I've asked for a wash-and-go cut and I've got something that looks just like one sticking-out-everywhere mess that is constantly in my eyes. Mind you, *usually* at least with all previous haircuts, my hair actually looks great after wash with no more than just brushing. My hubby likes this cut (very odd since he's very conservative), this perhaps is the only good thing. After it has grown out over a month and with a bit of trimming it finally looks ok after wash.\n- the girl wasn't even able to style my hair by curling it outside, as I've asked. She was surprised when I did. Ok, yes, it's probably not the latest style, but whatever, this is what I wanted. I've ended up with the hair curled inside. And she didn't use any product to shape the hair.\n\nBottom line, spend your money elsewhere. Out of close by places I've been to Mark Anthony, Rosh Salon and Paul Pecorella with a much better (though perhaps not perfect) experience, which was just a bit more pricey (well, actually Rosh was a Groupon too and it was cheaper. It's kind of funny, I've actually complained that time that the guy took an hour on me but (just the cut and I had an appointment after) in the end it was a perfect haircut that didn't need small corrections afterwards - which is a natural thing for me as my straight hair do wave a bit an all sorts of funny directions that are not obvious on wet (or styled) hair, maybe I should go there again :-) )