I've never been much of a gym rat, so take this review with a dose of salt (which, along with sugar, is the only thing that motivates me to work out in the first place). I love food and drink, so exercising has really become my golden ticket to my personal Wonka factory, where I can consume as I please but still stay relatively trim. \n\nAnd when I first started really working out a few years ago, I quickly realized that the only way for me to be successful was to accept one of my other personal flaws (outside of gluttony): impatience. I can barely go a few minutes at a desk without wanting to do something or talk to someone, so expecting myself to diligently pound a treadmill for an hour at a time is a sure guarantee of failure. That's why I started to do kickboxing at Lee's Martial Arts in Laveen (see my review). The diversity of exercises, the pumping music and motivation of an instructor made it easy to stay engaged for the full hour required to really burn calories and get in shape. \n\nGiven that, when we moved to Central Phoenix a few months ago, I wanted to find a new workout home where classes were a priority--and I didn't have to pay a fortune to get that in addition to basic gym privileges. With that as my criteria, the Y has been more than satisfactory. The cost (only $70 per month for two adults) is really reasonable, the instructors are motivating and seem genuinely happy to be teaching, the free weight room has tons of good equipment for any extra toning I want to do, the locker rooms are clean and the staff is all friendly and helpful. Plus, I can continue to do kickboxing with Marco (great instructor) every Monday and Wednesday at 5:30. I also really like that the facility is housed in an old building. In a city of strip malls and new construction, God knows we could use a little character. \n\nOf course, the Y has downsides (bad parking as others have mentioned, awkward layout, less-than-high-end showering facilities and sub-par food choices), but it's well worth the money, and my waistline, wallet and attention span are all the better since joining.