Unfortunately, my time at Gorilla Sushi was quite poor. I enjoyed what food I got, but the amount of time we waited, and the fact they ran out of: Salmon, Kalbi, Uni, Sweet Shrimp, Tempura Ice Cream, Salmon Collar, and Unagi were simply unacceptable even in a soft opening situation. We spent 3.5 hours here, the first full hour of which no sushi dishes came out. The staff was apologetic and I didn't really feel any need to blame them, but there aren't enough sushi chefs and they don't apparently work particularly fast. Another problem is that there are only 3 working during a full dinner evening. They have a lengthy sushi bar, and the fact that they have to take sushi orders from patrons at the bar while falling dramatically behind is flawed.\n\nWe made 4 orders on the night. None of them were ever completely filled. The 2nd order came out almost fully before the 1st, and the 1st basically never got filled at all, except for a couple of the rolls. We tried to reorder most of it in the 3rd but by then all the salmon was gone. That meant the three orders of salmon sashimi, five orders of salmon, and three salmon hand rolls *that we had ordered at 7:15pm* never came out. This is probably 9pm by now. And soon after that, they had run out of another 3 common items. We were never informed that they didn't have uni, but I don't think they ever had that, nor the sweet shrimp.\n\nStill, the staff made an effort to apologize and their hands were clearly tied since they simply had run out of stuff. But to run out of Salmon and Unagi at a sushi restaurant? Pretty bad supply management.\n\nAs for things that were good - the sushi rice has a decent flavor. The fish quality was adequate to good for an AYCE. While nothing to rave about, their cooked dishes were okay to good. In fact, cooked dishes and ice cream were extremely prompt in delivery. Just not the sushi. And considering the relatively attentive service, I settled on two stars rather than one.\n\nI'm sure they'll iron out the details but I'm not sure we found anything unique or enticing enough to return. The promo they are running during the first week does make it so you'll always get value out of the promo, but not if you include the time invested.