Psst... come closer I have a secret. ...don't tell anyone else, but I can tell you where all the other kids get their pumped up kicks... the Nike Factory Store.\n\nI'm serious when I say, this store has it going on. I'm not loyal to Nike by any means (my running shoes are Reebok), but one step into this outlet store and you'll be picturing yourself in Nike everything. *I want this. And I want this.... ooooOO and I want this!* It's a freaking Nike phenomenon.\n\nThe store is clean and organized, Men's to the right, Ladies to the left and the shoes along the back, with the clearance shoes running down the back wall. I couldn't walk more than about 10 steps at a time without seeing something that interested me. They have clothes for every type of workout or sport. They have shorts in every length imaginable - for men and women. Guys, you wanna try to pull off some 1980's Richard Simmons' running shorts? Look no further!\n\nI went on a Saturday and the store was packed! But there were plenty of staff working to be able to assist when we needed it. I found about 3 outfits I was drooling over - all neon (guess the 80's are officially back). But I decided to wait until I get my bonus check to go back for them because their prices are reasonably high, even though it's an outlet store.. guess you're still paying for the Nike name\n\nThe checkout line was absurdly long, to the point that we almost didn't buy anything, but of course we got mesmerized in by some killer silver hightops with sequin swooshes, so how could we resist? My sister is heavy and struggles with her self esteem, she tried on the blinging shoes and a male staff member (which she thought was cute) was all, \"Girl, those shoes were made for you! You should be in a fashion magazine right now!\" It made her day, so of course she had to buy them. I appreciated that the compliment seemed so sincere and that the staff were so friendly to her. The checkout line moved fast and my sister left feeling like a million bucks. We'll both be back soon.\n\n.