As another reviewer mentioned, this former site of the U.S. Steel Homestead Plant has a bloody backstory involving a strike and union-busting orchestrated by industrialist viliain Henry Clay Frick. The ensuing Battle of Homestead would leave 16 dead and 23 injured in the summer of 1892. \n\nIn the aftermath of the local steel industry's decline, this open-air mall's conception is probably the best thing that could have happened under the circumstances. \n\nBeing a working-man myself, I'm not bitter about what this area has become. Certain remnants of the plant have been retained and have been integrated respectfully and tastefully with the businesses that populate this superior version of Southside Works or Settler's Ridge. Something had to be done with the dead space after all, and if there was a better idea for it, I'd be curious to know what it was (I once envisioned The Waterfront centering around a large concert venue which in turn would be orbited by restaurants). \n\nMy only tangible complaint about The Waterfront is that it is chain-dominated with only a handful of independent businesses having staked a claim here.\n\nHowever, I do like that there is a comedy club on the \"campus\" (I should go sometime), and I rather enjoy its large Loews movie theater. Greenery, benches, olden lamp-posts, brick-laden sidewalks and overall tidiness (I saw absolutely no litter whatsoever) give The Waterfront such a cozy, suburban ambience that for several moments, I thought I was in Sewickley or Mt. Lebanon and forgot that the development is still fairly new (est. 1999). This city-within-a-city is laid out and cared for well -- its architecture impressive, its parking plentiful. If any depressed region deserved an economic boost, it's Homestead. Consider The Waterfront a small spot of sunshine amidst grey clouds that is slowly getting bigger and brighter. \n\nI may resent malls, but I don't mind The Waterfront. If nothing else it created some jobs and remains a pleasant destination in which to stroll around or bike to if the weather cooperates.