There is a number of reasons why I keep watching Boyz II Men. I've seen them in concert twice before they even had this show in Vegas. I've seen their show twice as well. It never gets old. There are a few groups\/artists that I can watch over and over and feel like it's my first time: Brian McKnight, 112 and Boyz II Men.\n\nThe lyrics, melody, vocals, harmony and sheer talent that set Boyz II Men apart from current groups nowadays that don't have innate talent. I've listened to Boyz II Men in grade school, high school and college...and until now. Michael McCray retired and the group is left with 3: Wanya Morris, Nathan Morris and Shawn Stockman. I'm having flashbacks of the time when I'd listen to Rick Dee's and the Weekly Top 40 and anxiously waiting for them to be the top song. Their voices exude soul, clarity and passion which has never faded even after all these years. They still sound the same as they did 20 years ago. So, kids, don't smoke!\n\nWanya brings flair, drama and powerfully hits the high notes. Nathan is cool with his deep and soulful voice. Shawn has that soothing voice that can also hit high notes. Put them all together and a beautiful harmony is created. Many babies were made because of Boyz II Men.\n\nComparing their concerts with this show:\nThey sing two of my favorites, \"4 Seasons of Loneliness\" and \"Doin' Just Fine\" at their concerts but aren't part of the show. But they have a lot of good songs so, I can't really complain. On top of performing their hit songs, they make the audience laugh and then they also do a tribute to their musical influences: Supremes, Marvin Gaye, Lionel Richie, Temptations, Stevie Wonder, Jackson 5, Michael Jackson and Diana Ross. They also performed \"Yesterday\" by The Beatles. Like their concerts, they also serenade the ladies and give them roses. How I feel about that is the same as how I felt about Halloween as a kid - why go through the hassle of getting something for free when you could have somebody get what you want for you?\n\nAt every show\/concert, they always express their gratitude towards their fans, venue employees, etc. The audience is encouraged to sing along, get up and dance...or 2-step. Although we've come to the end of this review, \"still I can't let go. It's unnatural, you belong to me, I belong to you\" but I am \"getting along very well without you in my life. I don't need you in my life.\" I just need my dose of Boyz II Men.