I didn't have a great experience here, but I kinda wanna taco 'bout it. (That was for you Rachel :)) \n\nFail #1- Our party of 6 adults + a baby was shoved into a half booth that can only probably comfortably seat 4. Then a chair was added to the other side of the table to make extra room. I arrived a few minutes after everyone else and I would have requested to be moved if drinks\/chips weren't already on the table. This seating arrangement was a cluster. There was hardly any room for ourselves let alone our food. I felt like a sardine in a can and I wasn't even sitting in the booth. Everyone's elbows were touching and there was no room for our plates. Most of us ordered the TCT which is a large tortilla with cheese and they come on these round metal trays and there was just no room at all. \n\nFail #2- Our server. He was nice and friendly but sucked at serving and that's a problem considering it was his job. There were 6 of us, not 15. It shouldn't be that hard. We had to ask multiple times for refills, sides of stuff we had ordered that had not arrived, etc. Food was dropped off to the wrong person and it was all quite annoying.\n\nFail #3- The food. To start I ordered the baja sauce to eat with my chips. The baja sauce is like a cream cheese jalapeno dip and it's amazing. I eat it with the bland tortilla chips they serve cause the \"salsa\" they serve you is actually just tomato sauce and it's awful. Anyway this sauce is supposed to come hot, but it arrived cold to the table. I sent that back right way and asked for it to be made hot. It was weird because the bowl it came in was hot, but the dip was not. If you eat here, make sure to ask for a side of that. For my entree I ordered the TCT with shredded beef, beans and sour cream on it. My friend ordered a TCT with shredded beef and sour cream but on the side. I received my TCT with all toppings on the side. Not that this was a big deal, but just another slight annoyance. The TCT is my favorite thing there, and it's just a big ass tortilla with cheese and toppings. If the best item is a damn tortilla with cheese, I would say that's a problem.\n\nAll in all, I would have to say this visit makes me not want to come back here ever again and that's sad! I've been eating at Macayo's for years. If you are looking for good Mexican food, I would say this is NACHO place.