Joel Robuchon is an upscale French restaurant chain that has been in the USA for 30 years but only in Las Vegas for 14 years.\n\nAs you check in for your reservation, the hostess lets you know that they offer complimentary coat check in the lounge. After passing by the lounge, you see the dessert cart in the lobby way on the left and then, the bread cart in the dining room on the right. The dining room had a nice floral display in the center. \n\nMost of my party ordered alcoholic beverages - wine, champagne, and cocktail (Hemingway). I ordered the Royal Flush, which consisted of a blend of cranberry juice, orange juice, and ginger beer served over the rocks. It was light, refreshing, and bubbly.\n\nWhen it came to ordering, you had a choice of a prix fixe menu option (4-course, 3-course, 2-course) or al carte. With prix fixe menu, you had to option to add appetizers, entrees, desserts, and beverages for additional fee. Most of us went with a 2-course meal of either an appetizer and entree or an entree and a dessert. All meals started with Amuse-Bouche (Le Caviar), bread cart, and then, desserts cart. \n\nThe Amuse-Bouche consisted of daikon purée, osetra caviar over creme fraiche, daikon, and gelee. The croquette consisted of quinoa, sesame seeds, and spices. \n\nThe Bread Cart consisted of freshly baked cheese brioche, cheesy bread, milk bread, brioche with rosemary, roulette, croissant, and bread with bacon bits, baguette, and more. I loved the baked cheese brioche, cheesy bread, milk bread, and roulette. The bread was served with curled butter topped with sea salt and EVOO.\n\nFor appetizers, I ordered L'Avocat, which consisted of two cannelloni of avocado stuffed with Scottish Salmon confit and served with osetra caviar over creme fraiche. I tried the La Betterave, which consisted of a spiced diced beetroot and apple topped with green mustard sorbet and young shoots of herbs. I didn't like the taste or how spicy it was. I also tried the Le Homard Du Maine, which consisted of Maine lobster in a thinly sliced turnip with sweet and sour dressing. Being a fan of sour things, I loved the pickled turnip.\n\nFor main course, I ordered the Le Saints Pierre, which consisted of John Dory Fish Fillet served over over a delicate squid ink risotto and topped with crispy green shiso leaf tempura. I tried the Le Boeuf, which consisted of  grilled beef ribeye cooked to perfection and served with thin crispy mushroom ravioli and greens. I also tried the Le Black Cod, which consisted of caramelized black cod in malaise pepper sauce and served with bok choy. All of these main courses came with their signature mashed potatoes.\n\nFor dessert, I tried the Le Litchi, which consisted of lychee sorbet and raspberry coulis topped with lemon poppy foam and served in a double walled glass dish in a metal holder. I'd highly recommend this light and delicate dessert. I also tried the Le Soufflé, which consisted of a piping hot bitter chocolate soufflé. I didn't enjoy this as much as the pistachio soufflé at L'Atelier De Joel Robuchon as it was too heavy.\n\nFrom the dessert cart, I picked 17 items including (1) Apple Tart, (2) Orange Chocolate, (3) Raspberry Pistachio Tart, (4) Lemon Meringue Tart, (5) Coffee Cake, (6) Pistachio Macaron, (7) Lime Jelly, (8) Hazelnut Opera Cake, (9) Raspberry Cheesecake, (10) Raspberry Chocolate, (11) Passionfruit Macaron, (12) Red Raspberry Chocolate, (13) Lemon Tart with Coconut, (14) Raspberry Jello, (15) Panna Cotta (Yuzu), (16) Cream Stuffed Doughnut Soaked in Rum, (17) Ginger Scented Creme Brûlée. The last three came from the kitchen. I liked everything except the Cream Stuffed Doughnut Soaked in Rum.