Heard about this place and thought I'd give it a shot. Upon pulling up to the restaurant it looked kinda cheap like a Fazzoli's but as soon as I walked in, the atmosphere quickly changed my mind. It was a deli with a sense of an intimate ambiance, kind of a contradiction but that's what I was feeling. Nice lounge in the middle with tables set up on the sides and deli meat and fresh pasta at the counter.\n\nThe service was a 10. I believe I was approached, seated and served by a Pamela. She seemed to be one of the only ones working but let me tell you she sure worked that room and did what she could. I could only go for lunch and had that spaghetti Bolognese which was amazing, right amount of pasta to meat, with the pasta achieving that perfect al dente touch. Also had the chopped salad that had red vinegar dressing, tomatoes, salami, blue cheese, and some other items and I have to say that tasted very fresh. My only complaint was the meatball sub. I heard it was supposed to be the best there but when I received it, it was cold and I don't mean sitting at pickup for 30 minutes luke warm cold or cold like they had just pulled out of the refrigerator cold. But more like I made it this morning and 4 hours later here you have it cold. Kinda weird because the pasta was hot and we got there at 11 and the place opens at 10 (so how old was this sub?) Ah well, outside of the meatball sub, this place was an unexpected pleasant surprise and I will be back.\n\n2nd visit\nCame back because they initially had good service and I thought I'd give them a chance to make up for that cold meatball sub. Well, somehow they managed to go from on the verge of being great to now being subpar. We didn't get the charm of Pamela, this time our order was taken by a bald guy who wrote down the wrong order and then made our 2nd order to go even though the first order was for here and on plates. (But hey I guess things happen so whatever.) This time we ordered the carbonara and this lasagna type dish with sausage and red sauce that was good at first bite but after the next several I felt like I had greasy tomato soup. It was moderately busy in there so I understand what it's like when restaurants are at full capacity but it wasn't even close. Ah well, I think two times is enough for me and it's on to the next Italian spot.