On the first weekend of October my tradition has been to hike the River Mountains Loop Trail from Railroad Pass to the Art in the Park Festival in Boulder City. The Boulder Dam Brewing Company is part of this tradition. Pychologically, Art in the Park is more than a celebration of art and food. It is a celebration of the end of the brutal weather that ascends the desert temperature to the triple digit and the start of months of beautiful weather. When I drink my traditional first weekend of October beer it is \"Cheers\" as I toast the cool weather.\n\n   When I spend time in Boulder Dam Brewing Company, I am drinking a cold one (or two) in an establishment that is unique. Both the beer garden and beer pub have special qualities. This is one of the few beer gardens in the Las Vegas area outside of a casino property. It is a beer garden that seats eighty patrons. It is a beer garden that brings a cool nightlife scene to the City that Hoover Dam built. This is the sight of live music on weekend nights when the weather is peaceful. The beer pub is unique in its attention to creating a 1930s feel to the interior. Hoover Dam opened in 1936. Above the bar there is a mural of constructing the Hoover Dam. There are pieces of the equipment used in building the dam. There are lighting, seats, millwork, and artwork from the 1930s. What makes Boulder Dam Brewing Company stand out from several Las Vegas  brew pubs and bars is the missing video poker and gaming machines. Boulder Dam Brewing Company is in the heart of Boulder City where gambling is illegal. However, they make up for it with interesting trivia cards.\n\n   Boulder Dam Brewing Company has been brewing beer since the late 2000's. The sign outside says established 2006 where their Web page states they opened on February 17, 2007. That is around eight Art in the Park weekends. Since they opened, they received a few awards including \"Best of Las Vegas 2009\" and \"Best of Nevada 2011.\"\n\n   The heart of the business is their twelve tap system. They brew six different styles at a time. In addition they serve alternative beer, wine in a glass or bottle, pub food, sandwiches, and pub burgers.\n\n   The paragraphs above paint a picture of this brew pub that I have visited during the last three Art in the Parks and with additional Boulder City adventures. It has usually been full during Art in the Park. After a few minutes of taking in the 1930s Era decor, a bar stool becomes available. On my first visit during Art in the Park 2013, I kept entertained with the trivia cards. The following two years I'd keep entertained with my phone and the tvs up ahead. Regardless that they brew their own beer, I order a Bud Light draft. Draft is a major reason I enjoy brew pubs. I am a beer draft over beer bottle person. On all my visits, the clientele were locals and tourists. I noticed that some of the locals are from Henderson and Las Vegas. Both the locals and tourists filled the brew pub with interesting conversation that was at an average noise level. Behind the bar, there has usually been two beer servers. Whenever I have visited the service has been okay. \n\n   During the last three first weekends of October, when I celebrate the beginning of months of cool weather at Art In the Park, The Boulder Dam Brewing Company is the right place for \"cheers\" as I make a toast to the months of beautiful weather ahead. With that said, this review is a Yelp toast to the end of the brutal weather that we have put up with and to the months of serene weather ahead.