I don't particularly enjoy writing negative reviews, especially for a place that I once loved and highly recommended. \n\nBecause we absolutely loved their kalbi short ribs, we decided to order a party tray from them. (1\/2 pan size kalbi short ribs = $80) Imagine my disappointment when several of the short ribs were blackened, as in burned. They sat on the bottom of the tray and went unnoticed for awhile. We were wondering why our guests weren't eating them and that's when we saw the unsightly pieces. My mom went to the restaurant later on that week to let them know. They took down our phone number and said they would call us to talk about it. No one called. A few months later, my mom returned and went in to talk to them and again was told someone would call us to talk about it. We were told that usually the owner would have checked out our order before it went out, but on that particular day, she came in after we picked up the order. Therefore, she never saw the order go out.  Again, no call from them.\n\nBecause I was so disappointed with that experience, the food and the lack of customer service, I decided to just not eat there anymore.\n\nAfter almost a year of protesting, we finally decided to order food from there again. I initially tried ordering Pork Lau Lau on a Friday, but was told they didn't have any. I ended up with the combo Kalbi short ribs and furikake shrimp. My short ribs were blackened again! However, the Husband's order of short ribs were just fine. Also, the shrimp just didn't taste that great anymore. My Mom always orders the oxtail soup and always comments on how fatty their version is. You can see chunks of fat on theirs that probably should have been trimmed a little. (I'm all down for a little fat, but theirs is just too much.)\n\nTheir tuna poke salad, both raw or cooked, was pretty damn good...especially the dressing. But it's since doubled in price and not really worth it anymore. \n\nOverall, I'm pretty sad that Island Flavor isn't in our repertoire of food choices these days. Quality and service had just gone down since they first opened and I get a sour taste in my mouth when I think of them now. With their current 4.5 star rating on Yelp, they won't be hurting for business I'm sure.