This is the first time I got a b--ch of a stewardess. Being new to flying with an infant (we flew once to Hawaii where disabled and families boarded first-not Southwest) and not understanding, I went up there to hand her my boarding pass and this mean-azz woman looked at me like I was crazy and shook her head with the biggest attitude and pointed back toward the line and said something like \"uh huh... You got to board with the rest of them\".\n\nI was like WTF??\n\nMe: damn, sawwwwrrrryy! I didn't know! Giving me attitude like I did the shit intentionally!!\n\nSo I walk away talking about how rude she was and she calls after me with the same attitude and mumbles that there will be boarding for families (and some other crap I couldn't make out at that time). Instead of saying something like, \"Sorry miss, we will be calling you in a few if you just want to  step aside, you won't have to get in that line because I'll be calling for families in just a minute\". \n\n So when she started calling seats positions we missed our boarding position all together because it was so packed and we couldn't maneuver around to our spot in line. \n\nI was super livid at this point so I gave the boarding passes to my son's father and told him to deal with the broad because I was done and afraid that I may say something real bad to where I'd be arrested (arrested in Vegas? Eh, just another typical day hahaha).\n\nWhen we got to the stewardess again and tried to hand over our passes once again she turned us around and made us go to the other Southwest desk to check the stroller! I told her we would have done the sh-- earlier if there was someone at our check-in desk long enough to get there and do it! \n\nThat made me even more mad!!! So we walked over to the other counter where the guy was helping people who were preparing to board for another flight! (Meanwhile the people on our flight were completely boarded) However, the man gave us his full attention, was very kind, reassuring, quick, and efficient (I'm bummed I didn't get names), which calmed me down immensely.\n\nFinally we were able to board , but not before seeing that broad one more time. Because we were seated late our family was split up and I didn't even get to sit near my son and his father.\n\nThank goodness that cranky-azz lady didn't board our plane because she would have brought her bad juju on with us and I wasn't wasn't having it.\n\nWhen we got in the air things turned back to normal, our flight attendants were nice, and I drenched what was left of my bad mood with a decent stout and good conversation with my neighbor about books!