The last time I walked through Mandalay Bay had been 5 years ago, and I remember thinking \"it would be nice to stay here sometime.\"  And it might have been 5 years ago, maybe not so much today.  Certainly not a bad hotel, but I expected more from one of the mega hotels.\n\nOn the plus side, the resort as a whole presents well on the surface.  They have several pools and a wave pool with a sandy beach, although the beach-side casino that was to open at 11 had still not opened by 11:15.  Their loss in this case.  There's an aquarium which is pretty cool, but that and the beach make Mandalay Bay more \"family friendly\" than I would prefer.  \n\nAlthough the resort is on the far end of the strip, there's a tram that runs to Luxor and Excalibur, and it's not far from there to pick up another that runs all the way to Bellagio.  These are free, but they don't run all night, so expect to take a cab if you don't feel like walking through a sea of arms offering you \"trading cards.\"  I highly recommend this experience if you have children, however, and are looking to provide them with the complete Las Vegas experience. \n\nAs for the hotel itself, the rooms are spacious, and our strip-view room actually looked down the strip, rather than across the street.  They could use some updating though.  The tub was dingy, and so was the tile of the shower floor.  There's an odd window in the bath that faces the entry to the room.  A nice peep show for room service I guess, except in my case, it would be more like a horror show.  There were double sinks, but only one was usable thanks to the disgusting gurgling and subsequent back-up we experienced on a daily\/nightly basis when it wasn't even being used!  Room service was the bright spot of the hotel.  Delivery was prompt and complete, and the server was very courteous.\n\nAt check-out, I was charged for a $30 bottle of vodka and a $30 spa tip in error.  While I may have tripped the sensor in the mini-bar, I'm pretty sure I was sober enough to remember I did not drink it.  After undergoing the interrogation about that, I was subjected to further interrogation about the spa tip.  Since I never went to the spa, I'm pretty certain I didn't tip anyone there.  And wouldn't it be odd that only the tip, and not the service, would be charged to the room?\n\nAlthough Mandalay Bay is far from being the worst hotel I've visited, it won't be on my rotation in Las Vegas.  There are just too many other better places to stay.