LOVE the doctor--HATE the way the office runs!  \n\n(Down below, after I voice my complaints, I talk about how much I love this doctor.  Please be sure to read to that part.  My complaints about his staff, although highly annoying, are something that the doctor could easily fix with a re-train session.  I suspect the doctor does not yet realize how inadequate his staff's service can be.  If you are in the market for a good doctor, you might want to try him anyway....  Maybe he will have seen this post and fixed the situation by then? )\n\nHere are a few examples:  \n\n1.  Stopped being a patient over a year and a half ago--moved out of state.  I even withdrew as a patient before I left.   But, despite me telling them I am moving (and deactivating my patient file) and no matter how many times I hit unsubscribe at the bottom of the emails, their automated system won't stop emailing me.  I have even called their office twice....no matter what I do, they keep putting me back on the list.  \n\nA couple of times I went off their list for a month or so...then suddenly there it is again-- two to four emails per week.  .  The latest excuse I got was that they just started using a new email system but really?  How many new systems could they have possibly gotten?  This has been going on for a year and a half now.    \n\nThis isn't limited to email.  I have moved twice since I have been a member of their practice, but even though I don't update my mailing address they find me anyway.  They keep sending me \"time for your eye exam\" post cards in the mail.  How they keep finding me, I'll never know.  (Could they be a front for the CIA...naw our government is clearly not this efficient at tracking people down!)\n\n2.  First time I ordered contacts through their staff, the only option was to have them sent to the office.  I got a call in the middle of the afternoon one day saying my contacts had arrived to their office but the box that was ripped open--and did they want me to accept the delivery anyway?  I asked if any of the contacts were damaged or missing from the order--they said they had no way of knowing.  I asked if they could check--they said no, they couldn't open the box unless I accepted the order.  I asked what happened if I accepted the order, whether they would replace anything that was missing or damaged?  They said no they wouldn't.  \n\nClearly that was pure ignorance talking.  They had charged me money, never delivered the product they charged me for--they obviously could not charge me if the order was incorrect..  Undoubtedly the doctor would have fixed the problem if I had to take it to him directly.... but that was the sort of thing that happened every time I went there.\n\n3 By the following year, they offered to have the contacts delivered directly to your house at no additional charge.  YAY!  Well....it would have been yay if they had done it....but instead I got a call a couple weeks later saying my order had arrived into the office and I needed to come pick it up  (I had to make a 40 minute drive due to their mistake.)\n\nOn that same order, I was supposed to get a rebate.  First they gave me an expired rebate form.  I called back to get a new copy--they forgot to mail it.  \n\n4 Later, I was traveling overseas and needed a copy of my prescription--of course they forgot to email it to me.  When I called back, they emailed me one that had expired well over a year before.  Finally, just before I left, and after several calls--I got the prescription I needed.\n\n5 The other major problem is the upselling.  Go in for an exam... and they offer every high-tech exam option, contacts, glasses, an extra pair of glasses, sunglasses, accessories....and everything else you can think of.  I have had less pressure buying a new car.  (Seriously.  That sounds like I am exaggerating, but sadly I am not.)\n\nNow that I have told you the bad....let me stress that I LOVE this eye doctor.  He really seems to care about eye health.  He goes out of his way to have the most high-tech diagnostic equipment available.  He is happy to take as long as you need to get a thorough exam, answer any questions you have, etc.  He is personable, charming, professional, and I always knew my eyesight was in GREAT hands!  Really, really, really LOVED this guy!!!!  (His office was also clean, in a great location, and it was always easy to get an appointment.)\n\nI just wish that I had received the same level of professionalism from his staff as I did from him.