I have been a member of this gym off and on for several years. My last go-round was fine for about 6 months. I trained with a coach and my typical dues were anywhere between $140-200\/month. After 3-4 months my wife decided to join and her dues were typically $120-160\/month. Together we paid around $300\/month to workout with our trainer\/coach. \n\nAfter being there 6 months and having the same workout times for 6 months I got a text message stating that my time had been double-booked and that I would have to come later or another day. I have a busy schedule and I could not switch my time. I made it clear that I could not make the time given to me, but they booked me anyway. Of course, I missed the time and they tried to charge me for it. I told them that I would not accept this and that I had been going for months at the same time and it wasn't my fault they double-booked that time slot. The owner of the gym then told me she would charge my wife for the time I missed instead. I told her that my wife's time at the gym is not my time and it isn't fair to charge her for it. So, I quit going to the gym and the owners got upset with me over $20. Yea, $20. After I spent hundreds of dollars every month they got upset about $20 and it was THEIR fault anyway for double-booking my slot that I had for months.\n\nAbout 3 months after this incident, I attempted to go back to this gym and get back with my old trainer. My wife also attempted to do the same. Oddly enough, there were NO times available for us to work out with our trainer. We waited a month, but still no times available. I have since found out that the owner of the gym put fake names on the schedule to appear booked up so that we couldn't get a time with our trainer. She also told the trainer to ignore us when we were in the gym. I guess she did this to spite us? We wanted to be paying customers again, but apparently she wasn't interested and took a passive aggressive approach. Pretty childish. \n\nLuckily for us, the trainer left and we are now happily training again at another gym with our trainer. \n\nI would not recommend this gym. They do not have a water fountain and they tell you to drink out of the bathroom sink or you have to buy a drink. The trainers are not allowed to wrap your hands before your workout. I know how to wrap my hands, but this is a liability to people that are new to boxing. The people and trainers at the gym are nice, but the management\/owners make it difficult. They are petty and small-minded. I would have left a lot sooner if my trainer wasn't there.