In general, I'm not a huge hibachi fan. Of the few places we've tried, the quality of food and level of service just doesn't justify the price. Our last venture to Geisha House (which is terrible in my opinion) a while back had turned me off on seeking out other similar restaurants. But when some friends invited us out to Ohjah on two separate occasions, I think I may have had a slight change of heart.\n\nThis Ohjah location, which is one of three in town, is located on Rainbow & Lake Mead directly across from the Best In The West shopping center. Inside, you'll find a very typical hibachi setup. Aside from an area with booths for those who want to do maybe just sushi only, there's an entirely separate room setup exclusively for hibachi. It's basic, but it's nice, and they keep it extremely clean.\n\nThe menu here is quite extensive. Besides the hibachi dinners, they have offer a ton of different stuff. They've got everything from entrees and bowls, to a long list of rolls and other sushi types, even a handful of Thai dishes. I was to surprised to see they even offer boba drinks as well.\n\nIf you are going for hibachi though, they do require that everyone in your party order from that menu. The basic setup is about $9, but includes a soup of your choice, salad and then grilled veggies and your choice of noodles, or one of a few different rice styles. Meat add ons run anywhere from just over $6 for chicken, all the way up to nearly $50 for Kobe beef. You're also able to mix and match if you want multiple items, or to add on seafood, like salmon, scallops, lobster, shrimp, etc. It's basically limitless and there's options for really anyone. \n\nI've now tried their chicken, steak and scallops alongside fried rice. The rice was cooked very well, but I'm not a fan of the way they serve everything. First you get rice, then veggies, and then finally your meet. The rice and veggies are bound to start getting cold before the meat comes, but it is what it is. All the add-ons I tried have been fairly decent with the scallops surprisingly being my favorite. They were seared well, and not overdone. Both the chicken and steak were just above average, but nothing that stands out as excellent.\n\nI also have ordered a couple different types of nigiri and have been mostly unimpressed. The garlic tuna was way overpowered and the hamachi didn't appear to be very fresh. They aren't bad for the price though, and I have to give the chef credit for putting together a special avocado nigiri for the misses who hates seafood. \n\nOf course, with hibachi, it's all about the chef and the experience. We've had Tony & Nick, who are both excellent! They are very interactive and do some really clever things while they work. I love that they get the youngins involved in the fun too. It's much appreciated and so fun to watch. And I mean c'mon, how can you not have fun while trying to catch flying shrimp with your mouth?  \n\nThe servers are also very friendly, and really stay on top of everything. Glasses barely get half full before someones there to refill, and they just downright do a good job. \n\nIt can get pricey here quickly, but Ohjah is a solid 3.5 stars when it comes to the food. With excellent service and a memorable experience though, I'm rounding it up to a 4. They're definitely worth checking out!