Japan has restaurants with monkeys as waiters, a restaurant where you cook your own food in the kitchen and other weird restaurants but never would they compare to the zoo circus McDonald's that Montreal has in the heart of the Quartier des Spectacles. Sloths and chimpanzees' brains are extracted in a secret underground lab where Dr. Ronald McDonald pickles those organs for a week to destroy a few brain cells. Then, he rewires the fermented brains to poor human hosts. Stripped away from all their cognitive facets of thought, these pseudo-chimeric zombies are dressed up as workers and forced into labor.\n\nQuite inhumane I must say. Yesterday night after roughly 20 minutes and hearing complaints from other customers who thought that this fast food joint was serving food at turtle speed, my order finally came. ALL THAT TIME FOR A BURGER AND I WAS MISSING TWO MEAT PATTIES? Those perplexed chimpanzee humanoids in the basement kitchen were probably discussing with each other about how there's no banana in any of the burger recipes. \n\n\"Excuse me\", I clearly said to the rotund Latina-looking cashier in attempt to grab her attention concerning my order. She looked and stared at me for 2 seconds with a look conveying \"I hate my life, I hate my job, I hate everything\" and walked away without any sign of acknowledgement. I tried to talk to her again after her 5 minutes disappearance. Once again, I was completely ignored and she vanished one more time. I didn't have time to deal with this NPC so I left McDonald's without getting the two patties that I paid for. Just like a sloth enclosed in a cage, no fucks are given.\n\nIn my experience, this shitastic McDonald's has brain dead employees that do their best to be the absolute worst at their job. They are the human manifestation of depressed headless chickens. With all honesty, the manager should hire actual clowns for this circus because I'm positive that even without proper training those clowns would do a better job. Congratulations on receiving my first 1 star Yelp review, you guys effortlessly earned it.\n\ntldr; parasitic experience, scavenging the garbage outside for food is a better experience.