3 1\/2 stars!\n\nEven though we gave it a few months before we attempted to visit Cracker Barrel, it was SOOOOO crowded!\n\nSeriously, the walk-in wait was at least an hour and a half for a Saturday morning!  Luckily we used the online wait list on the Cracker Barrel website to reserve us a table.  Wait was still 45 minutes, but much of that time was taken up by us driving across town to get to the restaurant.  If you have the option to use the online wait list I suggest you do it!  Unless you LOVE sitting outside in one of their many rocking chairs.\n\nCracker Barrel entry was pure chaos!  Even walking into the restaurant you're greeted with a crowd swell of people.  That's probably because the restaurant itself is connected to their 'old country store'.  Which is speak for, \"Please spend way more money with us then you ever intend to!\"  We still had a 10 minute wait before being seated so we wandered around the country store to see what goodies we could find.  Very kitschy but kinda fun just to look.  However be careful because you need to control traffic with the TONS of other folks walking the store, not to mention the line of people waiting to pay their food bill!  Be prepared to be in tight spots.\n\nComing to Cracker Barrel on a weekend can almost be considered a mistake.  The restaurant is so busy and CROWDED!  Really, there was not one empty table when we dined that day.  Soon as one was cleaned up it was almost immediately filled with the next party.  That being said, service was a little rushed.  Our server was brand spankin' new (like as in he started 2 days prior) so he was still trying to get around the menu and the restaurant service.  He answered our questions to the best of his knowledge, got confused a few times but was pretty apologetic about it.  Our family ended up ordering:\n\n-Sunrise Sampler (2 orders) - 2 eggs cooked to order with grits, fried apples, hashbrown casserole, homemade buttermilk biscuits, sawmill gravy, smoked sausage, country ham & thick-sliced bacon\n\n-Grandpa's Country Fried Breakfast - 2 eggs cooked to order with grits, fried apples, hashbrown casserole & smothered country fried steak\n\nOrder took a long while - nearly 30 minutes!  I ordinarily would start to throw a tiny fit especially at breakfast but this is what I signed up for with an overcrowded place with fairly new staff.  Thankfully though our food arrived still very hot.  Fresh @$$ biscuits!!  These were the first thing I jumped into, and damn they were worth the calories!  Buttery, a little flaky, warm - delicious with a side of apple butter or some fried apples on top!  I ate 3 of them before I could notice.  Don't hesitate for a refill of biscuits, our server was more than happy to give us a few more.\n\nOur breakfast platters ended up being just so-so, just OK.  Food was warm but the over-easy eggs were overcooked so they weren't as yolky like I like in the middle.  The hashbrown casserole was kind of a one liner - I really don't like soggy potatoes, I wish it was fried on the flattop with a more crisp exterior.  For myself at least, the samples of sausage, ham & bacon weren't anything special.  Tasted just like the breakfast meats you find at your average breakfast diner chain.  Wifey said her country fried steak was tasty - I did have a bite and I have to agree.  Was fried well, and covered with that white gravy it was so rich, after a few bites it would probably be too much.\n\nThe food was overall OK with us but very HEAVY, some stick-to-your-ribs type affair.  We had a lot of leftovers to take home with us, even after we were done we still had 2 full takeout boxes!  \n\nIt's not particularly cheap to eat at the Cracker Barrel, for our family of 3 it ended up coming to over $45 easy after tax + tip.  Just above average pricing for breakfast but still, I like value ya' know??  I could have gotten breakfast at other restaurants for less.  But we were glad we made the drive at least once to check out Cracker Barrel.  No longer have to really drive here though to have it again...we now have one on our side of town right near Craig road!  May have to visit this one the next time I get a biscuit craving!\n\n#applebutteringmybiscuits