What can ya say about food, drinks, games, and prizes! Good things! I gave a three stars for the following reasons:\n\n1.) Came into the dining room on the first floor with a party of 12 (mind you we called ahead), ordered drinks & appetizers that didn't take too long to come out. Nachos, calamari, and atrichoke dip... they were okay - average. Drinks... I ordered the Watermelon Coronita-Margarita drink which was pretty delicious, it is a definite must try. Comes with your own little bottle of Coronita flipped upsidedown in a Margarita. Also tried the Banana Split drink. This drink is DELISH! \n\n2.) Ordered dinner.... Most of the entrees came out in a timely fashion. Except my Mom's. She ordered the Bacon-Wrapped Sirloin Medallions & Grilled Shrimp Skewer things - they took at least 10 minutes longer to come out, I had to go request for a Manager because the Waitress wasn't checking in with us about it at all. (She's another story...down the line.) Mom finally gets her order, asked for it medium-rare, and it comes out rare. I mean rare. I'm surprised it was cooked-looking on the outside! She sends it back, asks for medium. It comes back out another ten minutes later... it's well done. She takes a few bites. It's not good. She's had enough, over it. I send it back for her, ask for it to be removed from the bill.\n\n3.) Waiting....waiting.... where's the waitress?? Have you seen her? For the beginning of our arrival, she was attentive. Towards the end, mind you the dining area is less busy than it was when we got there, she was just not around. Oh there she is, finally! Can we have our bill?....Wait another ten minutes... Okay we don't even want to look at it just take it, swipe it, lessgo play games... At least she was nice? Took a couple family pics for us!\n\n4.) Games were fun. They have a new Star Wars pod that you MUST TRY. Most of the games were up and running. There were only a few that were down. Warning: the \"beer pong\" game is always breaking down. Just don't. Just. Don't.\n\nOther than that it was a fun time!