One word: Wow\n\nOkay so I've been to everything from Magic City to King of Diamonds to Stadium and this place wowed my life. First things first I found a tip on yelp that said Lacy's offer free shuttle service. I contacted them on their website and put my reservation in for pick up. About 10 minutes later it was confirmed! My driver called me about 30 minutes before scheduled arrived time and said he would be about 20 minutes late. Ok, no problem i'm at the bar in a hotel lobby anyway. 20 minutes actually was more like 40 minute but who cares when you're at the bar and heading to the strip club? \n\nThe driver pick us up in a Mercedes Benz sprinter. The ride to lacy is far so if you're considering catching a cab, I wouldn't recommend that. Lacy's provide free round trip shuttle service so definitely take advantage of that. Just text the driver 20-30 minutes before you are ready to leave and they will pick you up and take you back to your hotel or anywhere of your choice if you're not done for the night.\n\nAny who, lets get to what matters, the club. It sits right next door to another exotic club. Lacy's is more urban and the other (can't remember the name) club was more European. We walked into Lacy's paid the $20 cover and went straight the the bar. The drinks were reasonable... maybe $15. I can't really remember. I found a nice seat close to the stage and thats when the madness begin.\n\nEvery entertainer performs and when I say perform I mean put on an actual show. Every lady has a opening introduction (Think, Diamond in player's club) and every lady has her own tricks that she will perform. I will not give any deal breakers, but one dancer brought a bath and took a bath on the actual stage. Another dancer pleasured herself on stage. Others had chocolate, whip cream, toys and whips as their props. \n\nI've never seen anything like this before in my life. What makes it even better they act as if their magicians and select guest to come up on stage and use props on them. I am still wowed while writing this review. \n\nThanks for giving me the best entertainment in Vegas Lacy!