Pretty much everything I said in my initial review of Excalibur nearly 5 years ago still stands, but after staying here again recently, I was really disappointed with the lack of cleanliness, and the fact that they still don't have simple amenities like WiFi in the rooms.\n\nI arrived here after booking this place for a decent price a few months ago ($195 total with tax to arrive on Thu and check out on Sun), and was immediately hit with the \"resort fee\" of $20 per night during check-in, which was over and above what I'd already paid for the room.  The woman who got me checked in (Carla) was very friendly, but it seems that Excalibur books people into the cheapest rooms possible initially, then offers several \"upcharge\" options; There's a laminated display at each check in desk with photos and options like \"Get xyz room for $20 extra...get a room with abc amenity for $40 extra\", etc.   On this trip, I simply needed a place to sleep, shower and check e-mails a few times, so I stuck with the basic room.   She asked if I wanted a high or low floor, close to or far from the elevator, etc.  She gave me exactly what I'd asked for, and I ended up with a pretty incredible view of the entire strip!\n\nWhen I first walked into in the room and sat my bags down, the first thing I noticed was that everything was coated with a think layer of dust!  The side of the TV stand, the telephone, the alarm clock, etc. everything was dusty, as if simple and basic cleaning never takes place here (see the photos I posted). The chairs were stained, there was no proper desk in the room, and when I moved one of the chairs, there were peanuts and other crumbs from a past guest.  General cleanliness evidently isn't a priority for this hotel?!?\n\nKnow also that there is no WiFi at all available in the rooms.  While high speed internet (the speed actually was quite good) is free, the only way to connect is via a CAT 5 cable that I was unable to find until I picked up the dusty and crusted phone receiver and called the front desk, only to be told it was stashed under the TV.  I was a bit surprised to find that, in 2015, there was no WiFi available at all in the rooms, paid or not.\n\nAs mentioned in my last review, it's a bit sad to see that they haven't maintained this hotel better than they have.  Excalibur was the largest hotel in the world when it opened in 1990, and lots of things here are really showing their age.  IMO, it really wouldn't take much to bring it up to a point once again where it looks and feels newer while still keeping the medieval theme, starting with some newer paneling for the elevators and some odor neutralizers for the casino floor!  Seriously, this place smells like the old Tropicana did 10 years ago before her facelift.  Now the Trop has no odor at all, Excalibur should take a lesson rather than spraying the sickly sweet air freshener they seem to try and use everywhere to mask the smell of old booze and cigarette smoke!