I'll start with a cliche...\"words cannot describe how good this place was\"....but I'll try anyway. \n\nYou have to get a reservation ahead of time. e does not have a website--more like a landing page with an email address. We were fortunate enough to get the 5:30 time slot during the busy memorial day weekend. It made me nervous thinking that we would somehow miss the reservation--since there is a hefty cancellation fee--so make sure you can go!\n\nWe got our golden tickets in the mail--that made us feel very special. \n\ne is a private room in Jaleo--a Jose Andres restaurant in the Cosmopolitan. When you check in, they ask you to wait near the bar of Jaleo where you get an iPad menu to select cocktails. Then they direct you into the back room--which is big enough for an 8-person bar seating area. Everyone has an intimate view of the chefs assembling the dishes. \n\nYes, it's expensive at $200 per person without drinks, gratuity included. But this shouldn't be compared to a regular dinner. It's a dinner and a show with exceptional service. There are two waiters for the 8 diners--that's impeccable service. Despite the price tag, it's not a snooty atmosphere by any means. The chefs talk about the dishes as the assemble them--and we asked lots of questions. It was so refreshing to be around fellow food nerds. \n\nNot to mention the food is phenomenal and utterly indescribable. This is what i would think of as advanced molecular gastronomy (although they don't really like that label). They play with your senses--and whatever your seeing in front of you doesn't taste like what you'd expect. Everything is inspired from Spanish cuisine. Every time I ate one of the 20+ courses, I said \"oh my god!\" My favorites were the courses that incorporated cheese--dessert was a bit of a let-down after all the wonderful courses before it. But still very good. You do get full towards the end, but you can take your time. \n\nJust prepared to be surprised. I highly recommend it --think of it as once-in-a-lifetime experience.