My incident that I'm writing about took place months ago, but due to JUST reading about other negative experiences on social media, I've decided to come here and tell MY story. \n\n A friend of mine was on tour and playing the venue. He'd put me on the guest list. I'd JUST picked up my tickets at the box office when a large security guard approached. I had two tickets in my hand that he'd taken, which I thought he was about to scan and let me in. He then asked me to step outside. \n\nI saw someone outside the venue that I wasn't very fond of before I came in. I said nothing to them to provoke an incident, as I wasn't there for drama. They approached security and told them that I'd threatened to \"slit their throat\". I told the security guard this was a blatant lie. Not only did I NOT intend to kill anyone, I wasn't carrying an instrument to perform such a heinous act. He had a hand held metal detector and I asked him to use it. He told me it didn't matter, I wasn't coming in. He told me I had no choice but to leave. I was already outside and asked him to call the manager. He told me I had to get off their property, which I ALREADY WAS! We were standing in the Linq thoroughfare. \n\nDespite him threatening me, I refused to leave until I spoke with a manager. He was intimidating in a way that seemed he would have gotten physical if he weren't in plain view of hundreds of tourists passing by. \n\nWhen the manager came, with two other security guards, I calmly explained to him that I came there to have a good time seeing my friend's band play and NOT to kill anyone. I further explained that I've NEVER been to prison, that I intended to keep it that way, and as a grown man was QUITE well aware of the consequences of killing someone, ESPECIALLY in a public place. \n\nThe manager STILL wasn't going to allow me in. So I went further by telling them that I've worked as venue security myself, which I have. I told him that I'd NEVER seen anything so ignorant as far as security goes to listen to hearsay and deny someone entry with NOTHING to back it up. I even said that I respected their job since I've done it myself, but that they were going the wrong way about it. NONE of that mattered to them. \n\nI was then told that even if my friend who was playing were to come out and give me an all access pass and walk me in, I'd STILL be denied. To say I was livid is an understatement. I asked for my tickets back so I could pass them along to someone else who'd like to see the show, and they wouldn't even give me MY tickets! \n\nI'm hearing other VERY similar stories on how the security and management behaves. I've even heard that they're intimidating to women without real provocation. This isn't security, these are PUNKS who are going to ultimately piss off the wrong person who can handle multiple security guards at one time and teach them a lesson the hard way. \n\nNeedless to say, I have NOTHING nice to say about this place. I've LITERALLY missed shows I've wanted to see because they're booked there. I will NOT be patronizing them WITHOUT a full apology and a more friendly attitude. HOWEVER, I don't expect that to happen.\n\nIf I could give this place a pile of sh*t emoji instead of one star, I would!