If some people haven't noticed, I've been on something of a reviewing spree.  If you are indeed keeping track, this will be the final review for tonight.\n\nThe road to Bachi Burger was an interesting one, as we were heading to Monta Ramen, then to Carnegie Deli at the Mirage, and somehow Bachi came up and none of us in the car had ever eaten there before.  So it was decided, to Bachi we go.  We walk in, and are promptly seated.  the place was smaller than I had imagined, but on a Wednesday night, it wasn't busy, so there was plenty of space.\n\nWe sit down look at the menu, and are pretty much floored.  The three of us had no idea what to get.  The entire menu sounded amazing, from the Ronin burger to the Kalbi burger to their special of the night, the Spicy Miso burger.  After hearing the description of the special, we decided at least one of us has to order it.  And the other 2 ordered the other aforementioned burgers.  To round out the meal, we each ordered some sort of side.  We had the sweet potato fries, the garlic salt and pepper fries, and the parmesan truffle fries.  Thoroughly satisfied that we had ordered almost half the menu, we waited anxiously for our food.\n\nThe wait was a tad bit long, but the music there really helped the time go by.  They had played really nice throwback, old school music along with some hits from earlier this decade.  Lauren Hill, Ice Cube, John Mayer, Talib Kweli were some of the artists I remembered (It Was A Good Day was the song by Ice Cube, such a chill song, and a very fitting considering the meal we were about to just demolish.)  They also had ESPN on the 2 tv's in the restaurant, but it was just sportcenter at the time, so nothing too exciting.\n\nFinally the food had arrived, and we were ready to pounce like tigers.  The burgers were without a doubt amazing, all of us taking a bite, then rotating the plates, so we could taste all the burgers and their deliciousness.  I had to give the burger of the night award to the Spicy Miso special.  The waitress highly recommended it, and she definitely wasn't lying to sell product.  The fries were amazing, with the parmesan truffle fries stealing the side order show.  They tempted us with dessert, and boy, did we fall for it.  They had hyped up their dessert special of the day, and they once again did not disappoint.  I dont remember what it was called, but it was only 5 bucks, and between 3 people, barely 2 bucks added per person.  Granted the serving was for more like 1 person, we were all so full, that it filled up all the left over spots we could have left.\n\nAfter it was all said and done, we definitely agreed we have to come back.  I can't wait to see what special they'll have next.