Time for someone to tell the truth about the Duce. Before today, even I had given it 3 stars because I wanted to give it a chance. No more.\n\nThe Duce gets one star for numerous reasons: \n\n1. In an effort to be retro-cool, its beer list is comprised exclusively of crap you would drink at a dive bar in Chicago, in the 1970s. And I can appreciate that, and even favor it. But at least offer us a choice. This is the American West. Many of us will drink PBR once in our lifetimes for kicks, conclude that it tastes like carbonated piss (which it absolutely does), and promptly go back to our Kiltlifters and Fat Tires. \n\n2. I live in the neighborhood, just blocks away from Chase Field. I am 100% judgmental of baseball fans who live here but cheer for any visiting team, and rest assured that I'm in very good company as a downtowner. Anyone in tune with how our city works knows that this is a major pet peeve of its long-time residents. So, I can only conclude that the Duce is out of tune with us on this point, too: it advertises itself as a venue friendly to *another* team in the National League that I refuse to name here. Strike 2.\n\n3. A friend texted me not too long ago to say that he and his girlfriend were in my neighborhood to check out the Duce on a Saturday morning, and would I care to join them for breakfast? Before I could answer, I got another text: \"wtf! It's closed!\" The Duce has horrendous, laughable hours. Right now it doesn't even bother opening on Mondays, Tuesdays or Wednesdays at all. On the 4 days of the week it's open, it still shuts down at 10 pm on two of them, and even earlier on Sunday. Therefore, I have no reason to go there to enjoy what should be the cool bar scene. (Setting aside its atrocious beer selection.) \n\nAs much as I initially liked the concept of the Duce as described by its owners in the media, it has been poorly executed from what I've seen so far. Get rid of the anti-Dbacks status, create a better bar situation for people to enjoy in terms of drink selection and hours, and it might stand a chance in the long run.