We had a relative at the nearby hospital and wanted to go do Adoration so we Googled and found out that St. Patrick's Church had Adoration.  We went inside and couldn't seem to find the Adoration area, with the Blessed Sacrament exposed.  We realized that the Blessed Sacrament as well as the Tabernacle were not to be found in the Church or side chapel.  We finally found an area that had what looked like a \"tree\".  Upon further looking, realized that the Tabernacle was inside the \"tree\" but no lighted candle to signify the Holy Presence of Our Lord.  It felt so irreverent.  Then we saw that Mass was starting and went to attend Mass in the small chapel.  No Tabernacle was present.  The next evening we decided to attend 5 pm Mass.  When we walked in, we weren't sure we were even in a Catholic Church. People were laughing, joking, chit-chatting, even kneeling backwards on the pews talking to others.  There was no Tabernacle.  No real crucifix.  It felt like we were in an Evangelical Protestant revival meeting in a hotel banquet room.  I was amazed at the lack of reverence.  All the songs were like a rock festival....at the end of Mass, even the priest and deacon were on the altar clapping and swaying around.  I'm sorry, but this is NOT what Mass is about.  It's NOT about everyone \"feeling good\" and dancing around.  It's NOT about being entertained.  What has happened to our sense of awe and respect?  There is a time and place for fellowship, being friendly, etc. etc.  but it's NOT during the Mass.  Our Lord suffered terribly for our sins, and it is WRONG to be acting the way they were at this Church during Mass. It's great that people are friendly and welcoming, but that should be saved for AFTER the Mass.  The priest seemed to be all about himself...not very humble, and I hate to say it, but shame on him for making a mockery of the Mass.  The Catholic Church does not need to \"get with the times\" Lord knows that has been wreaking havoc in our day and age..... People need to get back with the Church.  If that's what people think the Church needs to do, then there are plenty of Protestant churches to fit their needs.  I pray for Father, that he realizes the error in his ways.  I felt like Our Lord had been spit on.