There are a lot of pizza places around my house. Some belongs to chains and franchises, some are independent family owned, some pizzas tasted like cardboard dough, some are topped with cheese so chemically altered that it should be call cheese at all. After recieving flyers from Panago for about 3 months, we have decided to order from the latest location of Panago based on the advertisement on the flyers,\" support real, wholesome pizzas\" with \"no fake flavours and colours or added MSG\".\n\nWe ordered via phone, hassle free and fast delivery. Since I feel compelled to list down all the ingredients of these wholesome pizzas, please bear with the long list. We had plain cheese pizza, garden veggie (Italian tomato sauce, black olives, sautéed mushrooms, roasted garlic, pineapple, green peppers, fire-roasted tomatoes, red onions + mozzarella), primo pollo  (pesto sauce, grilled chicken, fire-roasted tomatoes, red peppers, caramelized onions, roasted garlic, formaggio blend + mozzarella), veggie Korma (Indian korma sauce, roasted garlic, spinach, green peppers, pineapple, banana peppers, mozzarella+cheddar), Mediterranean salad as well as their Caesar salad with a choice of 5 dressings to choose from.  Since I am not a big fan of salad and I didn't had any, you can read up more about the greens on their website (panago.ca). The pizzas were thin crust, and also came with little round pack of Italian herb seasoning as well as dried chili flakes which I personally think that ALL pizza should be delivered together with. \n\nThe veggie korma was a hit, by the time I came down for dinner (only 5 min late), there was only 1 slice left in the box. The crust is a good replacement for naan bread. Sometimes fusion or \"innovative\" food can easily scream disaster for the palate (do you recall Domino's Oreo Cookie Pizza?), this one is as genius as curry poutine in gastro pub, in a good way, since cheese add richness to the curry\/korma sauce. It's not that spicy even though there's a \"fire\" sign next to the item, just a nice touch of hotness to the pizza. \n\nThe garden veggie had some fans too, especially among kids that usually only eat pepperoni and cheese pizza. I liked the blend of cheeses. \n\nLove the pesto sauce in primo pollo. The chicken tasted great, bonus for not turning into those dried up tasteless thing on the usual pizza. It might be a little pretentious to mention that they use fire roasted tomatoes instead of just tomatoes, but it really helps with the flavor. \n\nThough we enjoyed the pizzas, the only problem we have is that \"no ....added MSG\" advertisement on their flyers. One of my friends is actually allergic to MSG, which is the main reason why we decided to try Panago instead of the usual pizza places that we order from. However, he still felt some reactions after eating the pizzas. I am by no means accusing Panago of misleading and false advertisement since no added MSG could mean that they do not add MSG to anything they made. That however, doesn't eliminate the fact that perhaps some of the sauces that they use (which I do not assume they made it from scratch) may have contain MSG, or MSG disguised under another name. It's a little disappointing because we thought that we found a place where we can order without any allergic reaction worries. I guess it's just unavoidable that fast foods do come in contact with MSG or whatever they like to call themselves. \n\n Overall, I think Panago pizzas are above average in Toronto, but there's still ample room for improvement in order to toss out a good pizza.