email to wynn\n\nBAIT AND SWITCH\n\nTo Whom it may concern:\nI am not an individual that goes out of my way to complain, I am actually usually too quick to pay a compliment. What happened to me this past Friday was beyond disrespectful to me to just let it go.\nI received a correspondence from your hotel toward the middle of October with the promotion Trip21.  I utilized this promotion to get two nights, a show and a buffet for my wife and I to celebrate our anniversary.\nI called a total of three times. The first time I called, I inquired about dates, I was told the promotion was good for any day, I chose Friday the 15th and Saturday the 16th with show tickets on Saturday. I said I had to call back to make the final reservation\nThe second call I called asked to speak with the same person, the individual that I spoke with stated that he could help me. I completed my reservation.\nThe third call I called because that same individual charged me for both nights instead of the one. I wanted to make sure everything was ok.\nOn the 15th my wife and I drove out as we intended, we arrived at the Wynn to be told that all the systems were down and we had to wait. We waited over an hour for the systems to come up.\nWhen the systems came up, we were told that our reservations had been made for Saturday and Sunday, and they had only recorded two of the three calls. I asked the people up front to see what they could do and to speak with a supervisor. They at no point let me listen to the tape.\nUp to this point I was not upset, I was just trying to see if someone could help me.  In walks a \"supervisor\" by the name of Raymond (around 6 o clock). I had just gotten off the road of a 6 hour drive and I admit I was in a sweatshirt and flip flops. Raymond gave me second to explain and said \" Maybe a cheaper more inexpensive hotel would suit you better\". That is where I lost it. I asked to speak with his supervisor.  Misha Came and spoke with me and had the tough task of calming me down. She did great even though she was not able to honor the agreement I had made with your hotel. \nAt this point I was a bit calmer, but it was a matter of principle. Anyway, I was able to go to my normal casino, and my rooms were comped, and I played a great deal there and was not made to feel cheap!!\nThis will be copied to Yelp and I am still deciding whether I should go farther than that.  Please advise me of what you are going to do to deal with this employee.