The social club vibe, the poor sales tactics, and the \"say-anything-to-get-you-through-the-door\" approach really turned me off here. Not to mention, the price isn't that exciting, either. But I figured, if I can consolidate all of my fitness hobbies and memberships into one monthly payment and one physical location close to home, it would make life way easier and more convenient. \n\nWhen I came to check the place out, the account manager seemed knowledgeable enough. He was professional but a bit dry. As we completed our tour and got down to brass tax, I asked about workout classes I was specifically interested in, including indoor cycling and TRX suspension, among others. He assured me they were all here and, as he scrolled through the offerings, I didn't really see everything I was looking for. When I asked about TRX classes he told me that \"TCX\" was Lifetime's version of that. I signed up and, as I started browsing the app to plan out my week, I realized TCX wasn't even remotely similar to a TRX format. \n\nI called the account rep to inquire about TCX and he said he'd been confused about what it was, but acted like... there were so many class offerings and options at Lifetime that did it really matter if one of the things I liked wasn't available? He said he'd contact some of the trainers and also the group fitness coordinator or something, and they'd get back to me either that night or the next day. \n\nThe next day passed, I didn't hear from anyone, and I was already at day 4 of my 7-day window to get my money back. That night I called up again and was given a hard sell by a couple of people, but it was confirmed that this class wasn't offered there. I went there that night and just cancelled the membership for a full refund. Had a bad taste in my mouth as it was, and there was no way I'd pay $159 a month to still have to go elsewhere for fitness classes.\n\nA lot of the most successful sales people know how to do one very important thing... and that's listen. If he had listened in the first place I wouldn't have wasted my time joining and would have just known I wouldn't get everything I was looking for there.