Ya know, just when I thought I couldn't fit one more restaurant into my casual Mexican food rotation, Rubio's comes along with its damn delicious tacos and its friendly employees and its integration of Coke Zero in its fountain drink machine and the next thing you know I'm up to FOUR very viable options for my (frequent) inexpensive taco\/burrito cravings.\n\nChipotle obviously has the burrito game on lock. I just won't order one anywhere else, it won't measure up.  El Pollo Loco's grilled chicken is phenomenal, as are their salsas, and Sonora Mesquite Grill has the most amazing Carne Asada I've ever had the pleasure of putting in my mouth, so I'm covered there also. Now, you may be thinking to yourself \"This girl really has it figured it. What void in her life could Rubio's possible fill that she has to add it to an already stellar line up of very well thought out and eloquently presented Mexican casual dining options?\"  To that I say: Fish Tacos.\n\nI'm not saying that Rubio's has the best Fish Tacos in the world. I may be an expert on a lot of things, but sadly Fish Tacos isn't one of them. But Rubios' are good, and their tomatillo salsa is tasty and, as previously mentioned, they carry Coke Zero which is just so ridiculously head and shoulders above Diet Coke I'm surprised its market hasn't been completely cannibalized by now. I guess some people just enjoy barely-carbonated cola beverages that have the aftertaste of battery acid. But I digress.\n\nI'm going to let you guys in on a little secret: Chicken Balsamic and Roasted Veggie Salad.  Grilled chicken (not El Pollo Loco quality, but it's fair), avocado, and roasted veggies over lettuce with a tangy balsamic dressing. A good portion as long as you're not famished, and really quite tasty. Here's the secret: 310 Calories. For the whole thing, none of that \"without dressing, avocado, chicken, or anything that tastes good\" bull (I'm looking at you Subway).  I like to dip the chicken in tomatillo salsa, which might add like 5 calories to the deal, but I'm okay with it because I'm still saving about 400 calories which can now be put towards a more noble purpose: Booze! So, Rubio's, take a seat in the line up. If for the sake of the booze and the booze alone, you've earned it.