I just got home from one of the most terrible dining experiences of my life. This was my third time at La Société and despite two prior and pleasant experiences, I am so baffled by the amount of disrespect I experienced from our waiter and, subsequently, from the manager that I will most certainly never return. \n\nThings started off terribly when my friend and I, while awaiting two other dining guests, kept getting bombarded by the waiter forcing us to purchase a drink. We told him we were interested in the Cava but were awaiting our other friends. He proceeded to push an entire bottle of Cava on us, saying that he thought we would really enjoy it. We thanked him and asked him to give us some time until our friends arrived. He came back not once but twice pushing the Cava bottle on us again and after our third time asking him to wait for our friends, he responded \"OK, I will put it on ice for you\". \n\nWhen our friends arrived, we ordered the Cava and decided to skip appetizers and go straight to mains. One of my friends asked the waiter if he recommended the steak tartare or the gnocchi. He abruptly answered \"the tartare, but let me get you guys a plate of gnocchi!\" with so much pressure and awkwardness that none of us felt comfortable enough to say no. \n\nOur meals were fine and normally I would rate this place much higher but the subsequent experience of getting the bill was so horrendous that I could never justify anything more than 1 star. We asked that he split the entirety of the bill by 4 and give me 2 of the bills to take care of. He was so incompetent and came back, rudely, saying he was unable to split the bottle of Cava. When we offered to do the math and have him simply charge specific amounts on our respective credit cards, he jetted off in an attempt to fix the bills, only to return and, once again, have incorrect bills. Finally we had to teach him how to insert the proper amounts correctly, at which point he started to become extremely jumpy and even stated \"I have 10 other tables right now, we're going to have to do this my way\". I was so offended by his treatment towards us. \n\nTo make matters worse, my credit card didn't seem to be working properly and instead of gently trying it again or communicating with me about it, he kept aggressively shoving it in and out of the machine and quickly stated \"do you have another one?\". My friend ended up covering my bill as there was no opportunity to see why the card wasn't working. \n\nWhen I came home, I was so taken aback by this horrible experience that I contacted the manager, Chris. I explained all the upselling and rude behaviour and he assured me that this would be escalated. I sensed a hint of insincerity in his voice though. He offered to \"give us the red carpet treatment\" the next time we go but failed to get my phone number. I will never be going back to this restaurant again.