On a recent interview with NPR, Carlos Santana said he feels as if he is the chef who has no limitations, but cooks delicious meals freely with his ingredients when he plays music at House of Blues.....and I am thinking of chef Nakamura-San at Trattoria Nakamura-ya who broke the boundaries between Japanese and Italian Cousine and in doing so created some beautiful food.\n\nOn Spring Mountain near Decatur, this small lot became a jewel for eateries....Raku, Sweets Raku, Kabuto....just to list a few, and recently I had a chance to dine at Trattoria Nakamura-ya when my love brought me here for dinner. The quiet gentleman working behind bar is chef Nakamura-San. It was a pleasure to meet him, as well as the two professional waitresses who served us, made good recommendations, and were genuinely easy to converse with. \n\nFirst they brought us warm bread with butter, it was average. We ordered two dishes from the daily special chalk board, Chikodai carpaccio and Uni tomato cream with wild grilled scallop. Chikodai carpaccio was well balanced and surprisingly fresh and delightful with a nice vinegary flavor from capers and a soft undertone of salt. \n\nNext we had the Grilled vegetables with Bagna Cauda sauce which was composed of cherry tomato, zucchini, mushroom, asparagus and garnished with bright Italian parsley. We used the parsley to enhance the flavor of all these grilled vegetables... Grilled vegetables that were well covered with the Bagna Cauda sauce. This is a traditional Italian warm, creamy sauce made with garlic, anchovies, olive oil and butter. It's rather rich for my taste. \n\nThe last dish we loved was Uni dish. It is a staple on their menu already for $26.95 but without grilled scallop which we enjoyed immensely. Scallop was beautifully sliced and cooked perfectly tender. The star of the dish is the Uni cream sauce-wonderfully covering all the strings of linguine with ample flavor.\n\nAt Trattoria Nakamura-ya, I taste more than just great food...I taste the warmth of a soul, delivering innovative passion with his menu. I will definitely come back to explore more dishes on the menu.