**This review is meant to be especially helpful for the ladies or super metro guys...** =)\n\nA-OK is right on the money! By no means is this hotel fancy! It is on the southern end of the strip so if you want to be in the middle of all the action try a different hotel especially for ladies who neither want to walk a mile in their high heels nor take a cab a few blocks away either. \n\nWhen you walk into this hotel you get that smell of oooooold cigarette smoke trying to be masked by tons of air fresheners!! Kind of a weird scent that made my head hurt the whole time.\n\nThe room was fine though the people at the front desk did hassle us about the room we had booked saying that the packaged deal we paid for had listed the wrong price and tried to give us a different room in the first tower which we refused to do so they had to oblige and give us the room we had booked. (Good thing we brought our confirmation paper!) The room was fine we stayed in Tower 2 (the widescreen room, although come to think of it our TV didn't work...) There were only poor food choices in the Excalibur: their \"Roundtable Buffet\" was gross, McDonalds, Pizza Hut, Quiznos....McDonalds was the only place open late night and therefore there were huge lines at 5 am (Even Starbucks wasn't open yet!) From our room we could see about 5 different pools and a few hot tubs scattered around though we didn't go in because it was only about 65 degrees and so windy! =(\n\nMy biggest issue with the room was that it had NO full length mirrors!! Any ladies out there should know that a full length mirror is essential especially for your Vegas adventures!  I ended up dragging one of the chairs into the bathroom so that I could climb onto it and get the full view of my outfit (super hot I might add!! hehe). P.S. the only mirror worth using was the one in the bathroom seeing as the other one in the room had a low hanging lamp right in front of it! WTF!? Also the lighting in the room is terrible so you'll definitely want to get dolled up in the bathroom. (Also if you are not accustomed to so much cigarette smoke and air pollution be sure to pack your best moisturizer! After the first 5 hours my face felt super dry and it even started flaking. I ended up returning to my room several times to try and repair my skin with as much moisturizer and skin serums as possible.)\n\nAlso on a side note for the two days that I stayed there, there were four water glasses and a wicker basket outside of my room in the hall and although we knew the housekeeping had been by to bring new towels, the glasses remained there during our stay which I thought wasn't safe (what if I got too wasted I could of fell on them and cut myself!? Thankfully that didn't happen!)\n\nP.S. be sure to book your hotel early seeing as the prices skyrocket the closer you get to your date....especially since my trip was for Spring Break weekend.\n \nOverall, we had a blast and this hotel was affordable and comfy enough. \n\nHope this helps!