I hadn't been in a vape shop before so I don't have anything to compare it to. It was certainly an eye opener for me.  I found the atmosphere stratospheric, the staff young, well dressed, helpful and professional and space aged, albeit quite busy running around doing stuff??  They took the time to explains a few things but were rushed due to people coming in.  My only negative feedback is that the staff were all smoking vape like crazy and so were their customers.  The place was filled with smoke. I couldn't help but notice that their customers all looked pretty disheveled, with bags under their eyes, and a little \"crazed\".  If I walk into a liquor store I might expect to see the odd one who has had a little too much to drink but I certainly don't expect to see everyone in the place sluggin' er back like there is no tomorrow.    I think they need to ban the practice in the store entirely.   I think they would attract a more professional and stable clientelle if they did this because frankly I felt a little sleezy because of it all.  It looks really bad!!\n\nAs for the product, as one who really hates smoking cigarettes, I found the 2200 vape gun with about $2.50 worth of nicotine juice lasts a very long time - like a couple of weeks!   I think that used properly it is far better for you than cigarettes.  That clean nic' juice goes right to your head without all the tar and other poisons clogging up your lungs.  Before, when I smoked a cigarette, I felt generally \"Green\" and a little sickly.  With the vape I was able to figure out what just what effect the nicotine was having on it's own, without being mixed in with all those poisons.  The effect seems to last a long time for me, like a couple of hours on one little puff.\n\nOn the other side of the coin I can see where new users might abuse the vape more than they might with cigarettes it is so handy and clean (and if used discretely, quite cool also).  I can have a puff every couple of hours without any problem. I don't have to go stand in the cold for 15 minutes wasting productivity, my teeth don't get all gummed up with nicotine, and my lungs are certainly thanking me. I don't wake up feeling like I slept with a dead rat in my mouth and my clothes don't smell. No matches, ashes, burn holes etc.  It's all very nice and clinical thank you very much.  I think I'm hooked, at least for the time being.\n\nI would recommend you start with a low-smoke formula with about 12 mg of nicotine in any flavour, possibly fruit. Remember, it doesn't have to taste awful to fix your crave.  It is simply an alternative nicotine delivery system so pick something pleasant! \n\nIN any case I certainly don't have a problem with this store and didn't find any reason not to go back.  I might only have to pop in for 5 minutes every month or so after all.  Bring your cash card or cash.  The banks still consider this \"fringe business\" and so don't give them access to visa or m\/c.