I took my teenage daughter's 1996 960 here late this last summer because it wouldn't pass emissions due to both oxygen sensors (allegedly) being dead.  So I turn to the Volvo specialists I've used lots of times before for my own Volvo with few issues...except perhaps for the uncomfortable, stony silence they give you when your budget is bottomed out and you politely decline one of their suggested, additional services while embarrassedly explaining that you'll have to wait to get it done until you have more money.  Very uncomfortable.\n\nSo I'm thinking, no problem, these guys know their stuff, right? Apparently it *was* a problem, because after I made an appointment and dropped off my daughter's car, it took them 3 weeks and over $600 and the car STILL doesn't run!  :\/ \n\nAdding to this, my husband and I had to call every few days and ask for an update on the car because we weren't being updated on the progress of the repair at all.  Have you ever had to placate an impatient 17 year old girl who needs her car to get to and from school?  It's living hell.\n\nIn fact, during one of the calls I made about the car's status, I discovered that they had replaced both oxygen sensors but that wasn't the problem, but they thought they had sorted out what the new hold up was but that nobody had gotten around to calling us to let us know any of this yet, and when I authorized them over the phone to address the new issue the response to me was \"Well, we have all these other cars ahead of you now\".  Wait...what?  Am I not ALSO a paying customer that also had an appointment?  How did I suddenly lose my place in 'line' behind all these other customers?  Shouldn't you finish my car before starting work on a different car?  :\/\n\nSo yeah, after 3 weeks and over $600 they finally declared that they just didn't know what else to do with it and we paid our bill and picked up the car.  Fast forward a few months and it still hasn't passed emissions and just sits in my driveway, covered in dust, because I gave Volvo Am I all the money we could scrape together to sink into it and now I'm nervous to spend another penny since they couldn't figure it out the first time.   \n\nI'm not sure if I'm more offended that they thought we could afford repairs approaching half of the value of the car, or that we didn't deserve any follow up communications on the repair status, or that when I called to find out what was going on I discovered that we'd been dropped to the back of the line for no discernible reason whatsoever.\n\nSo yeah, I'm no longer a happy customer.