Ok, so after much anticipation after recently finding out about the new Firefly thanks to my good friend Blanche, we made the trip downtown last night to give it a shot. This locations opened up this past Friday so we went on the 5th night of business for them. My experience went as follows:\n1. Had to park in self-parking at the plaza ($5) because I pulled up to the \"Firefly\" valet sign and sat there for a few minutes before giving up on anybody coming to get my car. The Plaza self-parking is scary and leaves the entranceway to the casino on the third floor leaves you in a deserted area that eerily quiet.\n2. Upon arrival at Firefly I was impressed by the overall layout and atmosphere of the space.  Took some of the ambiance from the original Firefly on Paradise and added its own touch as well.\n3. The staff was very friendly from the start!\n4. Sat down in the \"dome\" area overlooking Freemont Street (very cool view). Not many people there.... maybe 2 or 3 other tables in the whole place were occupied.\n5. Faryn was our server and she was awesome (and cute).\n6. Blanche ordered the usual pitcher of red sangria while I ordered a Washington Apple (drink not shot) and we ordered some Firefly Fries to start us off. My drink came and was green (Washington Apple is usually a dark red) Faryns only mistake of the night was putting in an order for an Apple Martini instead of Washington Apple. She apologized but the drink tasted good so I kept it.\n7. While waiting for Fries and looking at Menu we decided to order the Empanadas (Pork) and the Roasted eggplant cannelloni.\n8. Fries took longer than they do at the original Firefly and seemed to be a smaller portion and not very hot. Somewhat disappointing.\n9. The other dishes came out and were very good! Lots of flavor and nice presentation.\n10. We then ordered the Firefly fish sticks and the Fried Shrimp. They didn't quite make the same impression. The fish sticks were a bit smaller than I remember and the shrimp left much to be desired for the price. Only 4 shrimp and some greens for $8.\n11. We finished up there and settled our check. Faryn came over and talked to us for a bit. She was very friendly throughout the evening and made many suggestions on things to try on the menu.\n12. We took off and made our way back through the eery hallways... where someone was sleeping on a chair... funny but creepy\n\nOverall I gave it 4 stars. My reasoning is it was not bad enough to give 3 stars to but not good enough for 5. And unfortunately there are no half stars otherwise probably would have done 3 and a half. There is much room for improvement here and I will be going back in a month or so to see if they improve. It has only been open a few days so they have to work the kinks out. They received the nod up to four stars because of the overall experience and the friendliness of the staff as well as the fact that the original Firefly is one of my favorites and I strongly believe this one will get on the right track.\n\nOh and I will post pictures soon!