Great customer service. Huda worked out Internet and walk-out estimate pretty accurately. The car I test drove passed everything on my amateur assessment. Huda knew that I would not purchase until my mechanic looked at it. Lance came in the picture and asked what was keeping me from making the purchase. Three factors: price, husband's okay and mechanic inspection. He asked for my bottom line. TruePrice plus taxes and tags, plates and registration were $6700.\"I said, \"$6000.\" He said countered, \"What if we come in the middle to $6300, and write the sale complete contingent on hubby approval, and mechanic inspection.\" I always believed that car buying should be more like house buying with counter offers and written contingencies. I would even entertain earnest monies. They got my signiature. TK the desk manager also warmly came to introduce himself. \n\n\nI left to pick up hubby to show him the awesome vehicle. When we returned and hubby liked the car. We agreed and took care of the first contingency. The next day, the Versa checked out without any major defects. We were told to watch out for the tie rods which is a common problem on Nissans. That we will address as needed in the future. They sold us a clean car. Hooray!\n\nThis was a 5-star experience except for two factors. Factor 1: internal communication. Lance offered us a great deal: $6300 with contingency on spouse approval and independent mechanic inspection. Lance and Huda were there when the deal was struck. When TK showed us our final price, it was at $6700+. Lance and Huda had not communicated with TK the correct amount. TK resolved made the corrections when he saw the paperwork later. Sam, the finance person had the same problem. He was financing us at $6500, not $6300. The lack of smooth internal communication made it awkward for me, as I had to keep reminding that the walk-out price agreed upon was $6300. Second factor was knowing the car. I had asked Huda if the key was chip technology or a regular key. She indicated that it was a regular key. I was relieved because they only had one key, so I had to make another copy of the key. To my chagrin when I went to ACE Hardware, it was a chip key and cost me $75. Had I gone to Wal-mart, I would have wasted a trip. These two factors did not detract from the fact that this was my favorite car buying experience EVER!\n\nBecause I love this experience, I want to end on a high note. TK was super helpful and got us financing lower than our bank, USAA, which is usually pretty hard to beat. He also explained to us how new cars have lower financing rates than used cars. TK is super knowledgeable also about lease-purchasing. I enjoyed the sales team I worked with. A huge thank you and shout out to: Huda, Lance, TK and Sam. Great job Bell Road Toyota Scion or delighting this customer. I will be back when it is time to get another car.