Very disappointed! If I had reviewed this before I'm sure they would of gotten 5 stars but after tonight's visit they deserve only 1 for overall service. I used to be quite a regular here, so much that the waitress already knew what I was going to order and she welcome me with a glass of lilikoi as I walked thru the door. \n\nToday's visit was quite the contrary; as I walked thru the door the older lady turned her back to us but I simply went straight to an open table. A few minutes passed as we waited and another couple walked in thru the door, the older lady was delivering food to a table and she stood there to have a 6 minute conversation with the table (I was looking at my watch) not giving any aloha's that we were going on almost a 15 minute wait and that there was customers standing at the entrance. \n\nAfter the long conversation, the older lady decided to sit down the couple and hand them some menus. My mom had to get up and ask the older lady for some menus after she sat back down the phone rang and she totally forgot about us. The younger waitress that's always there came out from the back and I calmly asked her for menus for a second time - let me just state that there was only two other tables that were already eating, the place was not packed for such lack of customer service! - still no menus came! The older lady walked to the back twice more and brought the table next to us a to go box and even decided to take the couple's order that had walked in after us. \n\nFinally! She decided to bring us the menus. I ordered a lilikoi and my mom a sprite, the older lady looked at my mom like she was dumb! She turned to me and tapped my menu with her hand and asked what my mom had said like she was non existent and she didn't know what Sprite is AND to tap my menu as I was reading demanding to know what she wanted!!! How freaking rude??? Apparently, they don't carry Sprite but Sierra Mist. Either way she could of said that, my mom looked at her like ok? where are your drinks on the menu? She snatched the menu off my mom's hand and turned it to the back but that menu was missing the back page! She didn't even apologize! \n\nMy blood was boiling at this point. I opened the menu and realized that the ahi poke I'm a regular for is now $18 from the $8.95 it used to be! If you can't afford an item on the menu, take it off don't double the price. The price was modified with a piece of tape. I about had it so I grabbed my keys and we walked out the door made me lose my appetite!