After how my family was treated tonight and my nephew was endangered by their furniture I am NEVER going to shop at Living Spaces!!!!! Know that this company doesn't care about child safety or company integrity! She even tried to call the company up for help or an explanation and they were unconcerned with the entire problem.  Below is her story that happened tonight. I have added the photos taken to this page.\n\n\"Friends and Family, Please DO NOT SHOP AT LIVING SPACES!!! Tonight around 7pm, Jude found something VERY disturbing that came from the sofa we purchased from Living Spaces just over a year ago . He had been playing in the family room with his toys, and crawled towards the couch. I had gotten up to through away a piece of trash and when I came back he was pulling his arm out from under the couch and put something I didn't recognize in his mouth! I quickly grabbed it to retrieve it and it was a dried chili pepper with 3 upholstery staples in it! Seeing as though Ryan and I have never owned dried chili peppers nor do we use upholstery staples we flipped over the couch to make sure there weren't anymore. But when we did that, what we found was that our supposedly \"NEW\" couch had been patched on the bottom and the original bottom layer of the couch has a massive hole! This patch is made out of the same material but was just poorly adhered over the hole to cover it up. The hole is about 12 inches across! Big enough that the bottom fabric should have been completely replaced but was decided to just try and cover it up and not tell us! I tried calling them but all they could say is I've owned the couch for a year and they won't do anything. They didn't even care or blink an eye nor show concern about my child!\nWe had a warranty claim problem with Living Spaces and their bogus warranty company Ultra Shield before, we bought their warranty but when we tried to report damage they just told us it wasn't covered, meanwhile their fine print basically says nothing is covered. Even so we moved on, but this is absolutely ridiculous!!! Not only has Living Spaces sold us DAMAGED furniture as new without telling us but there is HAZORDUS material inside! Ryan and I just finished baby proofing that room but there is NOTHING we could have done to protect Jude from this. Please share with your friends and family so their kids don't get hurt and so they don't get screwed over by them! Just NEVER shop there! They certainly don't care about their customers or the product they are selling!\"