For our dining experience Wednesday, May 14.\n\ndb Brasserie is a triumphant return of Chef Daniel Boulud. When his brasserie at the Wynn disappeared, I got upset because I couldn't understand why Las Vegas didn't support his culinary talents. But, voila, he's back in Vegas at The Venetian.\n\nThis brasserie reminds me of those \"classic-looking\" restaurants that one sees in film from the late 1800 to early 1900. The vintage floor tiles, lighting fixtures, dark wood panels, white table linens, simple printed menus and professionally dressed waiters evoked a sense of relaxed French brew pub comfort. Service was impeccable from start to finish. Our waiter and wait help were always around but never obtrusive. \n\nThe high quality of the \"simple\" menu items showcased both natural flavors of the main ingredient and the cooking techniques used to prepare each dish. We each started with a flute of db Paris champagne cocktail that was divine..I wanted another but, decided to not be a \"lush\". Next up, we shared our Thai Calamari appetizer which was a good shareable portion of crispy beer battered tender calamari, pickled Fresno chilies and kafir lime leaf aioli. The beer batter was so crisp and light and the chilie\/kaffir lime aioli brightened the flavor. My husband ordered the duck confit as his entree while I tried DB's burger called \"The Piggie\". Both entrees hit the Gascony comfort food mark. The duck leg confit had been slow cooked in its own fat then its skin was crisped just before service...the duck meat was meltingly tender and well-seasoned. My \"Piggie\" burger was a tender, flavorful coarse ground 7 ounce all beef patty topped with juicy tender house made shredded BBQ  pork, jalapeño mayonnaise and stuffed into a potato bun. On the side was a cupful of pommes frites aka French Fries. You could tell these fries had been double fried from its crispy exterior and smooth center...all the full potato flavor exuded from each stick. The portions were just the right size to its price point. But, each dish was big on flavor.\n\nI expected a lot from Chef Boulud since I have had the pleasure of dining in his other restaurants, in New York and Las Vegas. He did NOT disappoint me!