Here's what happens after you, say, maybe tune in to Shaun Patel's journey and then the webinar for info on his company.\n1- You first may realize that when you called his company last year, (a full year ago- the summer prior to your kid's Sophomore year), and were told that a course isn't recommended until the next year after more school learning happens, that it wasn't the appropriate guidance to have been given if your kid is wanting to slam the National Merit PSAT or first SAT, which had been explained to last year's representative. In fact,during the webinar, Mr. Patel himself stresses to get into his classes\/tutoring as early as possible. \n\n2- You will then ponder, since your kid had just gotten a 1480 on their first practice SAT which they took on Khan Academy to gage where they were after the extra \"year of school learning,\" whether waiting was okay to have done, or whether you have compromised your own child in your being a newbie to all of this.\nThen a $300 discount on the company's listed pricing will arrive from Mr.Patel, in your e-mail. In thanks for watching his webinar.\n3- You may then pick yourself up and spend a great deal of time looking at their website to see what might be the track of tutoring\/class that your child might need\/afford, now that you understand how darn late you are and that your child's either not going to be able to achieve their dream score in time even with some help and 6\/7 weeks of studying hard, or who knows?\n4- You then may send them an e-mail asking for a representative to call as soon as possible. Then you may have to call back a day later to remind them of the e-mail you received in response to your contact that said, \"your ticket has been received,\" as you begin to worry that maybe you pressed the wrong tab, and say, maybe accidentally signed your kid up for something rather than having simply requested help.\n5- Then maybe, when finally hearing from a representative from Prep Expert who tells you that my son- \"as most people do,\"- should submit an actual test rather than his practice test, to a company hired tutor in order to create a tutoring game plan, since he's gotten a score that is needing expensive tutoring rather than a class. You sink lower in your seat realizing that the \"test prep,\" company is actually suggesting to take the real exam and THEN hire Prep Expert, and you might wonder just how low this now infamous Shark Tank supported entrepreneur has let his company sink. Then, you may be told that the bio of your child's future tutor is not believed to need to be explained in any greater depth than that they'd be a 99th percentile scorer on the test they'd be teaching, which is where say, your 16 year old just scored into on his Khan Academy practice test. Oh, and also, it's okay that the tutor may have recently graduated from High School themself, BUT, about to enter a University on a full scholarship. Making their slightly older than your kid tutor, worth your hard earned savings.\n6- Then you may feel that the world's gone mad, as all you want is to help make a scholarship happen for your own kid, (like the tutor recently did), by spending money on an extremely tight budget now.\n7- Then you may find yourself taking a lot of time to write of the experience in hopes that you'll protect others from disappointment and concern for their kid who now has to learn a life lesson about people whose accomplishments they may have admired, letting them and many others down.\n8-Then you let all the time invested on this scam go, and move forward believing that your own child will have learned perhaps a bigger lesson than test prepping, and will themselves in their accomplishments do better by people. Like Mr. Kahn.