I have always really liked this little dark and dingy hole in the wall for the beer only.  Their food is not good.  There isnt anything good on the menu other than beer dont even bother with it cuz over the years my husband and I have tried about 5 different things and they all consistently sucked however, the beer made up for it.  Its not like a typical brewery like lets say a Gordon Biersch where they have a few they make all year round and then 1 seasonal beer.  Papago specializes in beer.   Local beer, micro breweries, from other countries, states etc. If you have never been here it is definitely something to experience.  Papago is only getting a 2 star from me because the food sucks now and always has but also because we had the worst service there ever today.  We walked in and it was a bit busier than it usually is during the afternoon.  There were no seats at the bar so we sat at a table close by and tried to be patient but the servers were actively ignoring us and other customers were going to the bar since they were unable to get service.  After about 10 minutes of waiting I said excuse me to the waitress that walked by.  She definitely heard me and she didnt care so I went to the bar and asked the man if there was anyone to take care of the tables he said sure be there in a minute.  I asked if I could get a coconut joe and if I could sample 1 of the other coffee beers so I could figure out which of the 2 coffee beers I would take home with me and I told him that.  He said sure no prob.  My husband asked for a sample of something and another beer.  This guy brought me a tiny little sliver of a sample.  It was maybe 2 tablespoons.  The other samples he brought were a little bigger around 4 tablespoons.  He misunderstood my husband and rather than bringing him a sample of the one he asked for the guy brought him a full beer so my husband tastes it doesnt like it but based on the servers really crappy attitude there was no way my husband was going to say anything.  So the guy asks me if I liked the sample and I asked him for a full beer of it and said I couldnt really tell because there wasnt much in that glass. He got a bit pissy you could tell.  He must not have realized I asked for a full beer because he went and got me another sample and I said oh thank you that was nice.  Trying to lighten his mood which it did seem to do for a second then he said oh I brought you the wrong one that was what my husband was drinking the one he didnt like.  I am guessing he did it on purpose and then re thought it when I was nice to him.  Anyway long story way longer when I got the bill he charged 1.84 each for these tiny little samples that we got one that was not even a sample it was more like sweat on the glass.  I wasnt havin that crap.  I am not a newb.  I have been here before dude.  I asked him whats this?  He said oh well we are supposed to charge for the sample I am just doing what I was trained to do.  I said wow ok I never knew you charged for samples I have come for years this is the first time someone charged for a sample.  He says well I dont normally do that when people buy a beer but you said that one sample was too small.  I said wow I could see it all over your face how pissed off and aggravated you were that we wanted to sample but honestly we didnt ask for much only 2 a piece and we did buy a beer we bought several and brought two growlers in to fill to bring home.  We had a $55 bill.  Is this guy insane?  I normally dont do that if you buy a beer?  Am I in the twitlight zone.  Yes I said TWITLIGHT.  What a freakin TWIT.  So the idiot twit said I am done with you.  Can you believe this ass said I am done with you?   To my face none the less.  When I told him I could read his body language about how pissed off he was that was when he said I am done with you.  Little Effer.  I am done with you dude and done with that little hole in the wall and the bad treatment.  This little effer twit almost had a $10 or more tip but instead we left there with a bad taste in our mouth, he got a $1 tip and Papago gets this crappy review.