My first festival, didn't know what to expect... but it definitely did not disappoint!\n\nWhat enticed me the most was the killer (no pun intended) line up and chefs that were scheduled to appear.  They closed down part of downtown (the Fremont area) so it was easy to get around without having to worry about cars on the streets.  \n\nFood: AMAZING!  The first day I decided to try all the greasy festival food.  Crab garlic fries blew my mind!  Super crispy, extra garlicky, addicting aioli, and a heaping scoop of crab on top for $9!  So good, I had it twice that day.  The second day my boyfriend and I decided to see what the Culinary Circle had to offer.  Top restaurants selling stuff on their menu for $10 bucks?!  It was such a steal to be able to try food from these well known places.  Nobu had appetizers for $6 and although I only got 3 pieces of sashimi & 2 pieces of pork belly, the quality was definitely up there, not like the AYCE places I'm used to.  We also tried Blue Ribbon's fried chicken, Culinary Dropout's chicken and shrimp skewer, and Origin Indian's chicken tikka masala.  Everything was delicious and worth the money.\n\nMusic: They had everything from indie to hip hop.  I love how diverse the line up was and how there were so many stages set up that I was able to see bits of different performers as I was walking around.  My favorite performers had to be Passion Pit and Vampire Weekend.  All the bands were energized and got the crowd going!  \n\nArt: I wasn't expecting to see so much art here, but I'm glad I got to check it out.  They had murals all over the walls of building and a motel that dedicated each room to different artists.  It was nice to experience the art Vegas has to offer.  It reminded me a lot of First Friday.  \n\nI never used the bathrooms, but there were plenty of port-a-pottys and washing stations.  There were also 2 ferris wheels on opposite ends of the festival, it cost $5 to ride.  And there were plenty of ATMs around when you needed some cash. \n\ndownsides:\n- I never got any cell reception there.  I'm glad I didn't go with a big group because I heard others complain that they couldn't find their friends when they separated.\n- not enough garbage cans.  The garbage was overflowing, so people just started to put their trash on the floor.  After exiting the stage, you can hear all the beer cups being kicked around by everyone.  \n\nAll in all, it was a great experience!  I would definitely come back for the next one.