I implore you, if you love your parents, find a better place than Pacifica in Green Valley.  My mom has been a resident for 1 1\/2 years now.  To a visitor it might all appear very nice.  But I'm the kind of daughter that visits regularly and often.  I see what really goes on and how the residents are treated.\n\nMy mom had expensive jewelry stolen from her room twice last Fall.  I was assured by the Director that an investigation was underway.  No explanation of how it was being investigated or any word on the outcome was ever offered. I was just expected to drop the subject.  Just recently, one of the caregivers attempted to steal my purse out of my mother's room.  The caregiver was either feeling scared or guilty when she led the Director, crying, to where she had hidden it.  When I expressed concern that this caregiver was a thief and should be dealt with, the Director said the caregivers were good workers and she was not going to accuse them of anything.  When I insisted she deal with this problem, the Director also gave me the same, there will be an \"investigation\" spiel.  A few days later, I asked the Director how the \"investigation\" was going.  She said she had mentioned the problem at the staff meeting.  That was the extent of the effort she was willing to put forth.  When I said she needed to deal with the person who stole my purse, the Director laughed at me and said, \"No one stole your purse--you have it back.\"  And now the caregiver in question continues to work at Pacifica in my mom's cottage.\n\nOther problems:  since the beginning, communication among supervisors, health care providers, staff, and families has been poor.  Even after families at a town hall-type meeting agreed this was a big problem, nothing has changed.  My mom was supposed to be on a pureed diet.  I walked after dinner time and my mom was sitting alone at the table with a plate of ice-cold food sitting in front of her--not pureed.  Three caregivers were busy doing other things.  When they saw me one was quick to say she had tried to get my mom to eat.  When I told her my mom was supposed to on a pureed diet, she and the other caregivers said they didn't know, and that no pureed food had come from the kitchen.  This is just one of many, many, many examples of the total lack of communication at Pacifica.  Before my mom was on the pureed diet, I was constantly expressing my concern about the food.  My mom, and all of the elderly residents need fiber.  Often, what was considered the \"vegetable\" on the plate, was a dollop of sauerkraut that came with a bratwurst, or the side of potato salad.  The cooking staff really need a lesson on nutrition at Pacifica.  Elderly people need more fresh, lightly steamed vegetables, and less canned vegetables and sauces.\n\nA lesser problem is lack of care for my mom's belongings.  The wheel chair my mom had bought and paid for was lost--put outside in the sun to dry and never seen again. Items have been broken and lost.  There is never an apology or explanation.  You are expected to just drop the subject.  The way laundry is handled shows the same lack of concern.  All clothes are washed together with a harsh detergent.  Then they are hung sloppily on the hangers in the closet.  My mom had several bras, socks, and blouses, and pants ruined by the careless treatment of her clothes.  Some were brand new.  Often, I find clothes belonging to the other residents in my mom's closet.  This makes me wonder what clothes of my mom's are hanging in other people's closets.\n\nWhy haven't I moved her, you may be thinking?  Because we also had problems at Sunrise on Horizon Ridge.  These two properties are considered to be among the best of the assisted care communities. Also, moving is very hard on my mom, who suffers from Parkinson's and dementia.  But, when it's your mom or dad, and they are paying almost $6,000 per month (which my mom does), you tend to expect better.  It is extremely disappointing.