Crazy that some people are giving this place 2 or 3 stars...!!\n\nSocial House was a real highlight of my recent trip to Vegas.  Terrific service (thank you, Louis), great ambience, good and stiff drinks, amazing food, orgasmic desserts, and even FABULOUS coffee.  FIVE STARS ALL AROUND!  We went here based on the findings of our friend who was buying us dinner (thanks a million, Rob!), and it's a memory I will treasure for a long, long time.  (Photos of some of the food uploaded.... well, when I remember to take photos, as I was busy chowin'!)\n\nWe started with the Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno.  Thin, delectable slivers of hamachi, topped with a crispy-fried slice of jalapeno, doused in a very tasty sauce.  At a whopping $17, it is rather pricey but a very interesting and tasty dish.  The Tuna Tataki Spicy Ponzu was also excellent.  The Gyoza with Spicy Ponzu was out of this world - fried perfectly and full of taste.  YUM.  Their cod dish was good but a little bland, though fresh and well-prepared and presented.\nWhat was exhilarating was their Tamarind Short Ribs.\nWOW.\nWOW...\nWOWWWWW!!!  \n\nTheir curry fried rice with vegetables was very light and flavorful.  \nI did not try many of their nigiri - but the few that I did try were very good to downright excellent.  I'm a firm believer that one must try the mackerel (saba) at each Japanese restaurant to decide just how good the place is - - and Social House's saba was seriously amongst the very best I have had.  Their rolls were decent - - but all we tried was a typical Spicy Tuna Roll, so perhaps that is not enough to fully comment on their sushi roll selections.\n\nOn my next trip - I am not even going to bother with anything else - I'm going to these ribs, with a bowl of their rice.  The meat just fell off the bone, and the sauce that graced this dish was just heavenly.  What it consisted of, I cannot say, but the taste.... WOW.  This, and an order or two of their saba, and I won't care how much money I lose at the tables.  Amazing food.\n\nAfter dinner, Louis moved us out to the patio area which has a nice view of the Venetian Hotel across the street, as well as a direct view of the Treasure Island Pirate Show.  The weather was perfect, and the patio area is just beautifully done - - has a great feel to it, comfortable seating, and just a wonderful place to finish off a perfect dinner.  \n\nThen came the desserts.\nNow, I am not big on sweets.... but we ordered a chocolate cake, and something called \"dough balls\".  The chocolate cake was rich and was accompanied by several different sauces, or scoops of other fattening and really tasty stuff.  DEFINITELY WORTH IT.  But the dough balls..... they came out in a paper bag as promised, and was acccompanied by two sauces, one chocolate and the other vanilla.  You take a hot dough ball and dip into one of the sauces and bite into it.... and you swear, if this is your last meal on the planet, you'd die happy.  WOW.\nThen our server brought out our coffee.\nHoly Sh*t.  Best damn coffee I've had in Vegas, and hands down, there is no \"Japanese\" restaurant on this side of the planet that serves this type of coffee.  I could still be sitting there drinking my millionth cup and would not complain.  It was THAT good, and I am a real wench when it comes to good coffee....\n\nSocial House is by no means \"cheap\" or even \"moderately priced\".  In fact, it's downright expensive, really, given the servings.  But based on taste\/flavor alone - - it's worth it, and worth doing again and again, and again.  Perhaps it was the good company that added to my opinion of this restaurant, but I'd swear this was excellent food.  Service, once seated, was topnotch between Louis and Robert - - but I will add that the hostesses left something to be desired in terms of courtesy but not enough to affect my rating of this place.  We got Mojitos and Lychee-Tinis from the bar - - both were strong and excellent drinks.  Hit the spot.  :-)\n\nI don't much like Treasure Island as a hotel, and do not visit often, but guaranteed - as long as Social House remains inside this hotel, I will be back on each LV visit....\n\nUpdate Sept 07:\nAnd everytime I go back, this place exceeds my expectations again and again........ I LOVE SOCIAL HOUSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!