I don't think I could love this hotel any more than I do. Sure, there are a few things I would change if I could, but I cannot give this place less than five stars. \n\nRight when you walk into the Saguaro, the colors and design work will blow you away. I checked in on Saturday and got here way earlier than the normal check-in time, but when I got to the front desk I was pleasantly surprised to hear that it wasn't a problem! The girl working at the desk was so nice and asked me to wait about ten minutes and she'd have a room for me. She followed through on her word, and a few minutes later I had a bottle of water in hand from the valet guys and was making my way to my room. Since I was recovering from a cold and had a long morning of travel, I was so happy to be so close to a bed.\n\nI was totally blown away by my room. It's absolutely huge and beautiful, and the bright colors & cool designs pop. The king size bed is one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in, and the balcony is nice when I want to get a bit of fresh air. The bathroom leaves a bit to be desired, but you can't have it all I suppose. The robes are unbelievably comfortable, and the true comfort of this room is so appreciated. Also, there's a Kuerig in here with a variety of K-Cups. Yes please.\n\nThe room service menu from Distrito is ridiculous. When I got here, I ordered guac, chicken tacos, and a plantain app, and everything was so flavorful and well-made. The breakfast is pretty good, too. Employees are more than friendly and do what they can to make you happy & comfortable.\n\nI have only two small complaints... well, more just things to be aware of. The hotel was having some sort of pool party on Saturday from 12-6, and it sounded like an episode of Jersey Shore was being filmed right. outside. my window. The music was so loud I could feel the bass vibrating my bed, and had to listen to lots of \"whoooooo!\" and also some bro talk. I was so glad when that damn thing ended. This hotel markets itself as a social place, though, so you already know what you're getting yourself into. Also, on Saturday night around 9pm, two young men in staff shirts came by and knocked on my door to do some housekeeping. What? Why are you coming to my door on a Saturday night to fix up my room? I called the front desk to make sure that was normal (and yknow, they weren't some crazy dudes from next door) and the front desk assured me they were just being thorough. \n\nThe pool is pretty cool, though, and impressive. Think Vegas style. I don't know how appealing the furniture is because it's a little dirty and stained up, but I could see myself laying in the sun for a few hours at some point this week. The workout room is also a good size with tons of equipment!\n\nFive stars, especially for having a restaurant as cool and beautiful as Distrito attached. Glad to be living in luxury for the next four days!