First time here and tried a milkshake.  Had a few questions regarding the ingredients of their custards and mix-ins (toppings, pies, and syrups).  The cashiers and runners were friendly and patient; if they did not know the answers to my questions, they made sure to find someone who did-- in this case, the line cook leader (perhaps the manager).  I didn't encounter any impatience nor condescension, which shows me that they take customers with allergies seriously.  Love that!\n\nWanted to try their CamelShack**, which was made of their vanilla custard, milk, sea salt caramel, and a slice of their banana cream pie, but no one could get the info I needed regarding the pie's ingredients (mainly, if the banana custard filling contained powdered sugar) that afternoon.  The custard and caramel were corn-free, that they knew.  So, the Fair Shake it had to be.  I also wanted (Mast Brothers) dark chocolate chunks mixed in, but their shake machines cannot handle the big chunks of chocolate, so I had to get them on the side.  I enjoyed the thick consistency of the shake- had to use a spoon in the beginning, and still was using it until I finished- as well as the dark chocolate chunks, but I thought that the Fair Trade coffee flavor could've been a lot stronger.  I wonder if they could add a Fair Trade espresso shot, or two in it?  Better yet, throw in some chopped chocolate-covered espresso beans into the mix?  Oh, yeah.  I'd have to order that on the side...  Note to Shake Shack:  Please brew stronger coffee for the custard flavoring AND offer dark chocolate-covered espresso beans as a topping choice!\n\nI'll be back to try a burger and fries and other shake variations!  I wonder if I could just order a scoop, or two of their frozen custards to enjoy?\n\n**5% of sales of CamelShack help support the Phoenix Children's Hospital!\n\np.s.  The manager promptly responded to my review and said that scoops of custard could be ordered to be enjoyed and not just in shakes and concretes.