Let's start with the obvious: It's it not on the Strip. This is not a problem for me personally, but I am a local, so hey, I have no need for Strip accommodations. I guess I really don't have any need for accommodations as I have a house, but we have been getting free room offers in the mail, so why not? \n\nI have always been a fan of the casino. The architecture may be underappreciated because it is simple, but it pulls off clean, mid-century modern inspiration beautifully. The space is comfortable, welcoming, spacious and well lit--neither too dark or too light. Granted, I am not a gambler, so I am not sure if the gaming experience matches the aesthetic experience, but my mom seems to like the slots just fine. \n\nI enjoy the rooms here. They are large, well furnished with modern touches and delightful bathrooms. Yes, delightful! They are big with a huge, separate bathtub with its own television, double vanities, separate toilet room with a sliding door and a nice shower (although I don't adore the shower heads). If you get a pool facing room, you will also have beautiful views. I can see very little to complain about with the rooms. They might not have the latest technology or the most television channels (They do have HBO), and they don't have in-room teas, but, these are still very nice rooms. The beds are big and comfortable. Note: The pillows are very soft. \n\nThe pool area is big and nice. My only real complaint is that the drinks are pricey. If you are a local, don't try to hit the pool on the weekends. Wristbands and room keys are required, or you have to pay $35!\n\nNow, my favorite amenity is the spa! I don't get services, so I can't comment on the massages, but I enjoy the steam and sauna immensely. The steam room has a therapeutic eucalyptus scent, which I appreciate. Plus, the entire space is clean and well maintained with super attentive attendants, and today while I was there, I was the only lady actually using the steam and sauna. I felt like I had a private spa. That's the luxurious life! Sometimes I start to wonder if it is worth trekking down the road to take advantage of the free nights, but from now on, I will remember the spa. It definitely makes it worth it!\n\nMy minor complaints: I don't think they have good dining options at Red Rock, and I think their bar\/lounge scene isn't the hippest. But, all that just melts away when you're lounging in the steam room.