I went on Feb 17 on a Wednesday. I had bought my tickets for myself literally the day before and got general admission. Before I go into my review, I just want to comment on some people's bad reviews about this concert, saying that they are upset that Britney lipsynced the whole time. Like, are you new? Have you not followed Britney and or watched her perform via in person or online? She has been lipsyncing her entire career. Going expecting her to sing for over an hour was your own mistake.\n\nAnyway, so I was going to Vegas in the middle of the week with a group of kids from my university. I had read other people's experiences with general admission, stating that I needed to start lining up earlier than 7, because that's when the doors would open. I was planning on following other people's reviews, so I wanted to be there around 5:30, 6 to wait in line. It didn't happen that way. On Wednesday I was attending the tradeshow, which I left at 2, and because of traffic, I didn't get back to my hotel till 3, came back to my room, rested for about an hour, and went with some friends to go to Walgreens to purchase some liquor because I was really over paying the overpriced drinks in the casino. After buying the liquor, it was about 5 and me and my friends were all hungry, so we stopped at Fat Burger to get some food, long story short, after eating, getting back to the hotel, getting dressed and pregamming, I didn't even leave for the concert till 6:40. I had accepted the fact that I was probably going to get a crappy seat, and I was okay with that. There was nothing I could do about it.\n\nI got to Planet Hollywood at around 6:50, found the Axis, and went to the end of the huge line. The line didn't even start moving to get into the theater till 8 or so. I somehow got in the front of the pit, there was probably one row of people, and then myself, so I don't know why I was stressing out, because I showed up late, and still was able to get in the front. Maybe it had to do with the fact it was a random Wednesday in the middle of the week in February, but I had no problems what so ever. Everyone was there to see Britney, and really respected you and your place in line if you needed to go somewhere, which I really appreciated, especially if I needed to use the bathroom or get another drink.\n\nI don't really remember what time she came on, but I think it was a little after 9. The concert itself was AMAZING. I had seen her perform during her Circus era, where she was out of shape and not really dancing, and this blown that out of the water. She was way more in shape, her dancing was on point, (her dancing actually looked like some of the choreography she would have performed in her early 20's), and it looked like she was having fun! I was a little worried because Britney hasn't really been doing more than flipping her weave and walking around stage since her meltdown, but honestly this concert was so good. Yeah, she didn't really interact with the crowd or look a lot in the pit and make eye contact (I made eye contact with the backup dancers more than Britney, in which we didn't meet eyes at all), but I was kind of expecting that. She just looked really focused and in the zone during the concert. \n\nOverall, if you have the chance to see her, go for it and get general admission because you may get lucky and get as close as I did. And take these reviews with a grain of salt, because I didn't and was fine.