It's difficult to not jump immediately to that sticky toffee pudding.\n\n+1 and I had made reservations here before a weeknight hockey game.  Luckily, I am a nebshit and had to go through the new Hotel Monaco.  After seeing what the little boutique Sephora lookin' spot's deal was (I still couldn't tell you), I found that is how you have to go.  We watched more than a couple parties come in through Strawberry Way--you know, what's listed as the address--and be overlooked.  Um. A member of the management watched an older couple walk in, be confused, and leave without saying a word to them.  This woman also sat us at the very waaay end counter looking into a prep area (weird), but that's a whole 'nother tiff.  We did luck out sitting in the bad kids section though, as it was much more quiet and our server was INCREDIBLE. Super helpful and patient, even though she definitely did not have time for my indecisiveness. \n\nOn her recommendation, I had a buck and a brace first which ended up being extra sweetened cider and vodka as they were out of the bison grass vodka that it should have been made with.  Cider definitely was not the Arsenal bone dry either. Kind of lame.  But! I tried again with the pandan rickey.  A slightly boozy grass seltzer with a tiny bitty hint of gingerish lime?! Yes. Why isn't everything ~infused~ with pandan?\n\nI guess obsessing over my new favorite plant got me in the mood for more, as I ordered the green plate special.  This dish was my savior; everything else seemed to be pig, burger, or brussel sprouts.   You get these little seitan disks with three veggie sides. So much food! Veggie sides include mashies (\"champ potatoes\"), yaknow, and half an order of that charred cauliflower you all love so much.  The dish wasn't too flavorful, but I don't believe it was necessarily supposed to be, and I am into that. We didn't get bread though. Just sayin'.\nSince he is predictable, +1 had the onion burger.  The bun is apparently dipped in the onion soup and given aioli spread.  He ate the damn thing completely, and even commented on how good the actual burger was (as sometimes there's a skimp on the meat when there is all kinds of other fancy stuff going on it). His fries that came with that burger were all me though. It sounds crude, but they were like Long John Silver's fries .. which is awesome. Get over yourself. I ate 'em all.\nAnd, of course, we had the toffee pudding as dessert.  I know everyone raves about it anyway, but we need to highlight that rye vanilla ice cream-- slightly less creamy than normal with a beany hint.  I don't even know what that means and who cares. Makes a woman want everything a la mode forever.\n\nI have too much to say for The Commoner. I thought this would be more involved, more British, more .. not for Pittsburgh, but they do pretty well.  It's really like if my slovak grandma and some frou frou chef decided to open a spot. Sounds cute, right? Now if only babi started making her spritzers with pandan.