Please don't waste your time on this company. Let me start off by saying that we ALWAYS pay our rent on time, and we've never had an issue with any other company that we've dealt with pertaining to rent. I've spoken to numerous representatives, and not one of them has resolved or attempted to resolve my issue. I've left numerous voicemail messages, and I've sent emails, but there isn't one person at this company that has even attempted to call or email me back. I can say that Brandon has been professional and helpful, but everyone else that I've dealt with act like they don't want my business.\n\nWe received an email (after our grace period) stating that our payment came back as insufficient funds, and we were charged $115 in fees. In addition, they also charge a $27 'convenience' fee (on the top of the 4%) just to make our payment online. You have to pay extra if you want making your rent payment to be convenient apparently. We called and spoke with a representative (I won't list names) who was extremely rude. She said that our payment came back due to insufficient funds. We said that's impossible, because the funds have been there since well before the due date, and if they would've let us know during the 4 day grace period that there was a problem, we could've resolved whatever the issue was immediately. What's the point of a grace period if they wait until after the 4 days to notify you of a problem? When we called Wells Fargo, they confirmed that there was no transaction from our bank. I called Renter's Warehouse again, and the representative said that we were correct, they never attempted to withdraw from the bank, but we entered the information incorrectly, so the payment didn't go through, resulting in $115 in fees. We then explained that we used the same bank information that we used for our security deposit, which was successful. The information was saved in their system. One of the representatives finally agreed to refund $50 (this was a couple of weeks ago) that still hasn't been refunded, but they refused to refund the full amount, because 'it's our fault.' Those were their words. 'It is YOUR fault. We can just stay on the phone and go in circles if you want.' Sounds like something that would come from a child fighting with another child. \n\nStill no refund. Still no reply to any of my emails. Still no returned call.