Despicable.  Tried to extort additional money to install tint on my car.\n\nCalled and discussed my vehicle in advance with the owner Ron.  Told him year, make and model (2003 BMW 3-series) and asked if it would be covered with the Groupon.  He said it would and made no mention of any \"specialty\" charge.  I specifically asked about any premium charge related to the vehicle because of the quarter panel windows and was told there was no additional charge.  After receiving his reassurance, I purchased the Groupon and schedule my appointment for a month later.\n\nShowed up on the day of my appointment to have the tint installed and was told it would be an additional $100 to install tint because it is a specialty vehicle.  When I challenged the tint installer about this he said \"Hey man, this is not bait and switch\".  I find it interesting that he chose to introduce that specific term into the conversation.  He then went to go get Ron.\n\nDuring the ensuing discussion with Ron, he denied having the conversation with me about my vehicle a month ago.  He told me that the reason for charging extra was 1)  My vehicle has a curved back window.  2)  BMW is a luxury vehicle 3)  He could tint 2 Toyota Corollas in the time it would take to tint my car.  4)  His business would lose money if he tinted my car for $129 ($299 value).  \n\nHe actually had the audacity to say that the price to tint my car without a Groupon would have easily been $399.  They also attempted to use fear-mongering tactics about how all other tint shops use inferior products and their tint would last.  \n\nUltimately, Ron had no interest in doing what it would take to make this right and honoring the verbal information he had previously provided me.  \n\nWhile I appreciate the position of a business to reserve the right to charge more for a particular vehicle at their discretion; I have serious issues with saying one thing on the phone and then trying to pull a fast one when the customer shows up for the install.  It's unfortunate that this happened as others have had positive experiences with this company.  My advice is to speak to the owner in advance and have him email you a price quote for your vehicle before purchasing any Groupons.