Review #9 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012\n\nI've never been to Peru nor have sampled any Peruvian dishes before but I know that when my tummy is happy and my taste buds are satisfied, that's considered good food right? Both criteria were satisfied by Inti.\n\nService was absolutely great. Servers were friendly, very attentive to the needs of customers and gives good food recommendations. Our food also came right away which was very much appreciated as one of my visits was a really late lunch and my tummy was already growling. Everytime I go to Inti, I get that vibe that the place is very well-kept - decor\/color choice that brightens the place and floors and tables always look like they're wiped clean. \n\nNow the best part - the food! I'm trying to stay away from fried food but the crispiness, right amount of saltiness and tang from the sauce of the chicharon con yuca frita is just so hard to resist! If you are in the mood for chicken with lots of herb flavors I highly recommend their rotisserie chicken. If you are in the mood for a light meal of chicken with a little bit of heat then go for the Escabeche de Pollo - the meat's fall off the bone without being overcooked. If you're looking for more heat and a sandwich that's bursting with flavors order the Brasa Sandwich. I have to warn you that it is a little messy (ok it's really messy) to eat but it's so good you wouldn't mind dirtying your hands. When it first came to our table I thought that's a huge sandwich but the first bite was so good, I emptied my plate anyway.\n\nIn one of my visits I checked in through Yelp and saw an offer of free dessert so I asked and was told that I can have rice pudding or bread pudding. I never liked pudding so I was ready to leave but realized that I was being offered a free dessert so I said bread pudding. I tried it and my life view on puddings was forever changed. It melts in your mouth and the sauce and whipped cream were just good together. It's so good I will drive across town for it.  It's so good I hope it asks me out so I can marry it, make lots of baby bread puddings and eat my young.