Info:\nHappy hour 3:30-6:30pm and 9:30-11pm\n$10 beer pitchers\n$5: Fish and chip sliders (2), beef burger sliders (2), cheese plate, cocktails,\n$4: pretzel bread basket, wine by the glass, well drinks\n$3: pint beers\n$2 chip curry, courgettes\n\nI came here with Don for late night happy hour after he picked me up from the airport. They didn't have hot tea on the menu, but Don asked them if they had any and the waiter\/bartender just brought out the whole selection because he didn't have it memorized. They had: Earl Grey, Mint Melange, Dragonwell, Chamomile Citrus, Darjeeling Estate, Wild Blossoms & Berries, Orange Dulce, Wild Blackberries, and Spring Jasmine. It was a pretty awesome selection and Don went with the Spring Jasmine ($4.59 for a pot). I really wanted a cocktail so I ordered Hard Tea off their specialty cocktail menu, which really just tasted like iced tea, until the ice melted and I really tasted the vodka. . \n\nWhen the waiter came back with our drinks, I ordered one the Fish and Chip Sliders AND the Beef Burger Sliders. Don followed in suit. Yes, I was starving. I was excited to come home and all I ate that day was the peanuts on the flight. The thing that bothered me was that the waiter made us feel like total fatasses that didn't understand what we were ordering. Originally, I said \"I want two fish and chip sliders and two beef burger sliders.\" The waiter informed me that each order comes with two, so I told him I want one order of each then (again, 4 sliders). He explained twice that that would be four sliders. I knew what I ordered and I didn't need it repeated to me...He then proceeded to stop by with a plate of four sliders and showed it to me saying, \"See, this is what you would be getting in your order. It would be all of this.\" WTF! Yes, I KNOW what I ordered. I originally said I WANTED 2 fish and chip sliders and 2 beef burger sliders, but he seemed to think I couldn't count correctly for some reason. I understand that may have seemed like too much food, but seriously, I DO eat a lot and I even said, \"Yeah I know, I'm really hungry.\" It just bothered me that he felt the need to explain what I was ordering 2 times then bring a plate of sliders out just to SHOW me what I ordered. That was unnecessary, and frankly, it made me feel like he was insulting my intelligence. \n\nWhile our food was being prepared, I noticed Don trying to fish out the tea leaves from his tea. I told him it comes with a strainer so he could strain the tea while pouring it into the cup, but I realized he was trying to fish it out because there was no strainer in the actual tea pot, so his tea was getting very bitter by the minute. The waiter passed by and said, \"You know, it comes with the strainer so you don't have to try to strain the tea in the pot.\" We told him why we doing that and he said he understood, but I don't think he did because he didn't try to do anything to help that. Don's tea got so bitter that he couldn't even drink it anymore. The only good tea was what he poured into his cup right away. All the tea in the pot got spoiled with bitterness because the pile of leaves was just sitting in it. \n\nThe Fish and Chip Sliders were probably my favorite of everything we had. They were pretty unique and pretty damn good. The fish was very juicy on the inside and nice and crisp on the outside. They put the perfect amount of tartar sauce in it so that it wasn't overpowering, but complimented the fish very well. The beef sliders on the other hand, were very dry and plain. I had a hard time getting those to go down.\n\nOverall, if it wasn't for the service, I'd probably give this place 3 stars. The happy hour menu is decently priced and they also have daily specials, which is always a plus.