My hubs and I, childless for the afternoon, decided to give Contigo Peru a whirl for our first Peruvian cuisine experience.\n\nWe we immediately greeted by our lovely server and noticed how pristine the little restaurant was.  Honestly, the floors looked at though we could have eaten off of them!  When we told our server that it was our fist visit, she promptly gave us a little lesson on the meaning of the Peruvian terms on the menu and shared her recommendations with us.  We ordered Pisco sours and man, those were delish (I ended up treating myself to 2!).  For our entrees, my husband ordered the Bisteck a lo Pobre, and I selected the Cau Cau de Mariscos.  While waiting for our food, our wonderful server brought us bread with 2 sauces, and the green sauce was to die for!  Honestly, I want to see if I can find a recipe and replicate that sauce myself.  The red sauce was also good - both featured the perfect amount of spice without shrouding the rich flavor.\n\nWe were not disappointed when our meals arrived.  The Cau Cau, which was an assortment of seafood served over a turmeric\/mint based sauce, was like nothing I had ever tasted before.  The seafood was very fresh (which, in AZ, can be hit or miss) and cooked beautifully.  My husband's steak was perfectly seasoned, and I particularly enjoyed the fried plaintains served as a side.  Being a picky eater, my husband admitted that he generally isn't a huge steak n' eggs fan, but he was really satisfied with his choice.\n\nSoon before we were finished eating, our server told us she had to run home, but another gentleman would take good care of us.  We thought that was a really nice personal touch, which is something you only find at a well-run family establishment.  The gentleman that resumed serving us was, indeed, attentive, insisting on boxing up my leftover Cau Cau for me.\n\nWe will definitely be returning to Contigo Peru.  I really can't understand from what the negative reviews are based.  One guy said very poor value?  We had plenty of food - delicious, good-quality food! - to give us leftovers while simultaneously feeling quite full.  Go to Poncho's or the Chinese buffet down the road if you want to gorge yourself with grease for $6.95.