$7 for a pint of Thirsty Dog Barktoberfest. That's right. Obscene. Now that I've got that off of my chest I think I should be able to ramble my way through this review.\n\nThis review is from my first visit to Lager & Vine. We had attempted to go to the one that was located on Medina square only to find out that it is no longer. We made the treck out to BFE Hudson from our warm Cleveland confines to see what's the haps at this gastropub. The general consensus? It was pretty good. Allow me to elaborate.\n\nDefinitely an older crowd. Granted, we tend to eat around the time of the Gray Hair's Gathering (that's 5 pm) so this probably had something to do with it, but it was skewed 50+ during our visit. The ambiance is dark, boothy, small bar meets urban bistro. They've gone with some reclaimed wood on the walls to compliment some brick and whatnot. I dug the feel. Laid back upscale? I dunno. You get the gist. They should probably not lower the lighting so much given the age of their clientele.\n\nWe were greeted by a very friendly server within a few minutes of being seated. It was just at the tail end of Happy Hour, 6-ish, so the post-work crowd was well within its denouement. Speaking of happy hour, they've got a pretty good one. A small selection of apps is $5 and you get $3 off all draught beers and all bottles are only $3. Unfortunately it only runs until 6, so you're gonna have to eat early.We did manage to get our app and a couple drinks in just under the wire. Nice comfy booth. Pretty loud in the bar area, but cozy.\n\nLet's check out the drinks list. Definitely a wine bent. Specialty cocktails, yadda yadda. A quaint draught beer offering, 8 taps if memory serves, with a smattering of Ohio brews amongst some tasty regionals. Horrendous pricing faux pas aside (seriously, $7 for a locally brewed 6% beer?!) I managed to find an adult beverage to sate my thirst. Tröegs Sunshine Pils if you must know. They've also got a bottles list with something like 40 or so different beers, most are yawn-worthy, some gems if you know what to look for with most under $5. Just don't come here hoping to get your craft beer organ stroked by an expert.\n\nThe food. Let's hit on some high points first.\n\nThe sides are way bigger than you'd probably expect. We ordered a side of red pepper risotto and brussels sprouts and both were big enough to serve a table of 4. You've been warned. \n\nYou know me. I'm something of a soft pretzel snob. These soft pretzels were OK. Your standard stick variety, buttered and salted served with cups of honey\/stoneground mustard and beer cheese for dipping. They did seem like they were frozen and looked a little shriveled and sad, but still, solid as far as pretzels of their ilk go. But back to the brussels sprouts. These were among the best brussels sprouts I've ever had at a restaurant. Bite-sized, perfectly roasted, covered in butter and chunks of bacon. I could have made a meal out of them for sure. Even if you don't think you like brussels sprouts, get these. Just be careful. If your guts not used to ingesting copious amount of \"The Sprout\" you may be in for a surprise later.\n\nThe red pepper risotto was a bit overcooked. Sticky and thick, but tasty nonetheless. Gordon Ramsey would have had a shitfit if he saw this. I'm just sayin'. We next head south of the border for a pair of tacos - Dr. Pepper Braised Pork soft tacos to be more precise. The innards were fresh and well seasoned. Tender pork (got some chewy, fatty pieces in one of them) and fresh veggies. The Sriracha sour cream added just a touch of heat. Oh yeah, and the fries that came with the tacos were delicious. Super crispy, coated with some kind of tasty seaoning. A definite winner.\n\nMy wife got a bowl of the SOTD. Some kind of tomato, chicken broth based bean-y variant with pasta and cheese in it. She really liked it. I wasn't blown away. Putting mozz or provalone cheese on top of hot soup just doesn't work for me. Sticks all over the spook, pulls out of the bowl. I know. I'm high maintenance. \n\nI guess I wasn't all that taken with our first date. It was all good, don't get me wrong, it just wasn't memorable. Although I think I will remember those brussels sprouts for sure.