I lived in DC for 13 years, and dined at Jaleo many times. I discovered é during a trip to Vegas in May, but it was too late for reservations. I had planned a birthday weekend in Vegas with 2 friends, one who was also celebrating her birthday, and another who loves Jaleo and Mini Bar. \n\nReservations and allergies\/requests are all done by email, but I specifically asked how I could pay the check before it was dropped. I was told by email there were many opportunities to give it to our wait staff in person -- that is 100% true. Everyone is in the same room, your wait staff almost never leave that room, so even if you leave to use the rest room you won't run into them. \n\nWe were asked to arrive early (5pm for the 5:30pm show), which we did, and they weren't quite sure what to do with us initially. They seated us, our waiter explained the drink menu and pairing to us, after a while brought us water, and we kind of sat there before being brought in. I understand not wanting to bring us right back, but for following their instructions to the letter, it was awkward and haphazard. \n\nOthers have reviewed the menu in great detail, and no doubt the ingredients are top notch, the recipes are well thought out, and a lot care goes into the preparation and plating (which is done in front of you). \n\nSince this was my idea, and I'm a big Jose Andrews fan, I really wanted this to be a five-star experience, however:\n * Our drink orders did not arrive until after the opening cocktail. Personally, I would not use mescal as an apéritif, but that's why it's not called \"John\" by Jose Andres. I tried several sips of it, but I find smokiness of mescal clobbers my pallet. Because I had not finished it, our drink order did not come for some time though the other party got theirs. After 5 courses, I asked the waitress to remove it. \n * This is a 18-22 course tasting (the menu is adjusted frequently), and I would never expect to finish every bite of every dish. Each time I opted not to finish something, I got a comment or side eye from a staff member.\n * For me, it was too much molecular gastronomy. A little is awesome, a lot is cute, I would guess even Wylie Dufresne would have cried uncle. Foams (and more foams), gels, emulsions, suspensions in nearly every dish was not what I expected\n * By the 5th course, my pallet was overloaded with salt, and I was really trying to figure out how to power forward. I was drinking tons of water, trying everything outside my comfort zone, and when the next salt-tasm was put before me I struggled. By the 7th course, one of the sous called me out in front of my group and the other group of 5 that joined us, which made me incredibly uncomfortable. We turned it into a discussion about the saltiness of spanish food, and she agreed that when she started she was over-salting everything.\n * As I said above, we ended up arguing about the check, which is exactly what I wanted to avoid. Just because it was my birthday, I was not sticking my friends with a $300 per person check when I picked and I wasn't 100% satisfied. \n * The gratuity for the wait staff is included no matter how small your party is, but you can tip extra for the kitchen staff at your discretion. This put me in a tough spot because I probably would not have tipped the full 20% to the staff because they made me uncomfortable so many times during my birthday dinner, but I did want to take care of the kitchen staff. \n\nThere were many, many high points to the meal. Great ingredients, outstanding preparation. Even with 2 cups of rosemary foam, the sous vide lamb was incredible. The sangria gel shooter (think jello shot) was awesome. The merienda was adorable. Their play on ham and bean soup was tasty. The deconstructed catalan cream desert with an egg on top, that looked like an egg, was a savory pallet-fucker. \n\nI'm so very glad I did it, but I won't do it again, and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone that wasn't specifically looking for molecular gastronomy + salt + spanish food + more salt. I'll stick to Jaleo proper or Mini Bar when I'm in DC and call it good.