Life could be funny. One hour I am eating at the bottom of the restaurant totem pole in Sam's Club and a few hours later I am eating at the top of the restaurant totem pole in the Steak House (in Circus-Circus). Life could be unfunny. After 22 years I was seeing my estranged aunt for the first time and learning about one star circumstances that happened on my mother's side of the family. To put it nicely I was very relaxed before the meal and will probably be writing a review on Todd English P.U.B in the near future.\n\n  The Steak House is in Circus-Circus. This is an out of the way location if you are in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip. If you are driving, the traffic could be heavy and the cab ride could be pricey. Owing to the fact that my Aunt was staying in the Aria, the Steak House was not my first choice. I would have gone for Ruth Chris's Steak House or someplace like Bubba Gump. However, my Aunt heard great things about the Steak House and really wanted to eat there. She did have a valid point. The Steak House claims in their web site to have been voted Best of Las Vegas for over 20 years and was named Zagat's 2011 Top Steak House in Las Vegas.\n\n My first impression of The Steak House is that it is extraordinary fancy. It is the antithesis of Circus-Circus. The lighting was just right. The décor was extraordinary elegant. And up to the time that the waiter never gave back the change, the service was commendable.\n\n  My Aunt, brother, and I took advantage of the $31 Petite Filet Mignon special. Supposedly it is available throughout the month of June. The Petite Filet Mignon special started out with fresh baked bread. My taste buds greatly enjoyed it. I chose house salad with ranch dressing over black bean soup. My taste buds also greatly appreciated it. The Petite Filet Mignon special came with Chef's Fresh vegetables, which was a bowl of green stuff that I did not touch. From a choice of mashed potatoes, baked potato or wild rice blend; I chose the wild rice blend. My taste buds greatly appreciated the petite filet mignon at the same time that 1) they would have appreciated a bigger serving and 2) they experienced better steak at some other steak houses. The soda (or pop) tasted bland. The reality was that the dining environment added to the taste of the food. It was a dining environment ideal  for family members estranged after 22 years to catch up. As for the food, if I were to be given a blind taste test between their steak or Ruth Chris in a diner for example; I think it would be very close. I learned that in dining, a lot of the experience is the dining environment of the restaurant.\n\n Life is funny. I learned that I enjoy casual dining food as much as elegant dining food.  In my opinion the dining environment in the Steak House might be better than steak in casual dining restaurants when the food is just the same. \n  \n\nThe Daniel. S Yelp 100 Challenge. Review 89.