This is going to be a long post. I have a lot of hate for the TTC. lol\n\nI've never been a big fan of the TTC, and I feel like I'm speaking for a lot of people when I say that it's because the point of having a mass transit system is to get from point A to point B, and that at this time and age we shouldn't have to accept that we are just going to get there eventually anymore,  but efficiently!\n\nHonestly, I don't really care if I encounter a few rude workers. If the TTC was efficient enough, it wouldn't stop me from using it to get all around the city if I could.\n\nHere are some things that I like about the TTC.\n\nNOTHING.\n\nYesterday, it took me 2 hours to get from my home to College and Bathurst. To give you an idea of how ridiculous that it, according to GoogleMaps, I could have driven to Buffalo, NY in the same amount of time.\n\nAfter having lived in Taiwan for the past 7 years, I feel like the TTC could really use an update. It's unacceptable that a country who is, in terms of development, \"slower\" than us be so far ahead in terms of it's public transportation. Here are the some things that I feel the TTC should do to improve its system (listed in order from easiest to accomplish to hardest.)\n\n1. Put up a board to display how long it's going to take until the next train\/bus arrives.\n2. Indicate where the train doors are going to open on the subway platform.\n3. Hire someone to keep the trains clean and subsequently pleasant to use.\n4. Charge people for the distance they travel instead of having one fare for all. Taking the TTC for one stop should cost a lot less than taking the TTC for 30 stops. This would encourage a lot more people to take it instead of driving their cars for relatively short distances.\n5. Get rid of tokens and transfers already! They add to the inefficiency of the system. The way the system is now, you need to carry your tokens around, and if you're like me you just pop it into the change section of your wallet where it usually gets lost amongst your other coins. Sometimes the single token machine at an entrance is broken and if you don't have any on you, you have to hike all the way to an alternate entrance-not fun especially in the winter! Transfers are a waste of paper. Those should be eradicated immediately. But how, you ask, will they be able to keep track of whether or not we've paid?\n6. Switch to using a \"touch and go\" system like they have been using in Hong Kong for the past SIXTEEN years. For those of you who aren't familiar with this system, let me elaborate. Everybody who uses the TTC regularly would buy a rechargeable smart card for making electronic payments. It doesn't expire, it's simple and easy to use, and when you don't need it anymore, you can return it and get your money back. Every time you get on a bus or go to the subway, just wave the card in front of a sensor and go. Then when you get off, just wave it again and you'll be deducted for the distance you've traveled. Easy peasy. No need to dig for your token; a card is so much easier to store. When the amount is getting low on the card, just go recharge it at a TTC station (and I feel this is a good idea-a Shoppers Drug Mart since there are so many around and would add to the convenience.) I bet that if we switched to this system that practically everyone you know would have a TTC card making them that much more willing to, and I say this while rolling my eyes, \"ride the rocket.\" For those who are just visiting or don't want to buy the card, that's fine-there are single journey passes available also. You just need to select where it is that you want to go and pay that amount for the distance you're travelling. There should be a maximum and minimum charge for distances. This would work for transfers by allotting the passenger some leeway time from the moment they use the card while leaving the bus\/train to when they use it again to get on the next bus\/train.\n7. For goodness sakes, the city is expanding at an exponential rate, it's time the TTC did too!