Horrible Service from MAX!!!!! He is the WORST!!\nPOOR CUSTOMER SERVICE and NO COMPASSION TOWARDS CHILDREN AT ALL!!!!!He kicked us out of the restaurant because we brought outside food for our toddler. He told us my son had to eat outside or hurry up and eat. Five minutes later he comes back and says sorry he's taking too long he's gonna have to eat outside. \nMAX is an Idiot to think I'm going to rush my son to eat and cause him to choke!! \nWe've been bringing my son outside food to all or most of their locations all over the valley for 5 years and NO ONE has ever said anything to us about it EVER!! MAX had to be the cold hearted jerk to complain and KICK US OUT!\nAnd we didn't want to bring outside food we HAD TO bring Nuggets and Fries from somewhere else because MY CHILD had ADVERSE REACTIONS from the Nuggets and Fries basket that they sell.\nWhen we were at their Henderson location the manager there saw my son eating Panda Express and didn't say anything or kick us out. We told them the reason and that we had to bring it and they understood because they didn't want to be held accountable or be liable if something awful were to happen to any of their customers, especially children. They also disclosed that ALL the food they sell has traces of seafood! Because EVERYTHING they cook in their restaurant is fried in the same seafood oil, same cookware, etc.....So, as a parent we weren't going to take that risk.\nAnd it's not like we're just taking my son to eat there and we're not ordering from their menu. We eat there once a month averaging $100 each time\nMAX even had the audacity to say it was his manager complaining and rushing him when that was a damn lie!! Because as we were leaving she said \"Oh you guys don't have to leave\". I told her well MAX told us we have to leave right now and make my son eat outside. So, I don't know what his problem was but he should be suspended or fired for being unprofessional and heartless and doing that to my son. I will never ever eat there again! Nor will I recommend them to our friends and family.\nWhat a bad example to such a great establishment. It's employees like MAX that shuts businesses down. Because people will stop going to their establishment therefore the company loses money. \nWord of mouth is a powerful thing! \nMost especially Reviews like this. It can and will spread like wildfire!!\nTHANK YOU YELP for giving customers a place to  share their experiences and feedback! \nWhether positive or negative.