After reading a lot of good reviews on Yelp, we tried Haven Burgers on Main Street in Mesa. South side of Main Street adjacent to Pioneer Park, across the street from the Dairy Queen. It was a huge disappointment. Nothing is better than a great hamburger but the people who rated Haven Burgers have a much different concept than I do of what makes a great burger. To suit my taste, the burger has to be thick (about an inch). You can not make up for a thin paddy by stacking a few of them on top of each other. If your burger patty is not at least an inch thick, you're just McDonald's by another name. Cardboard still tastes like cardboard when stacked in layers.\nIf I don't get asked, how I want my hamburger cooked, I know I'm in just another fast food \"restaurant\". For me, the paddy has to have some thickness and the option of ordering it cooked medium rare has to be there. Haven Burgers slops some thousand island dressing on the burgers. The only way a new customer can know this is to order a burger and learn that \"that's how it comes\" after picking up the order at the counter and sitting down to eat it.\nFor my taste, I need my hamburger served cooked-to-order and presented to me on just a naked bun. They have to either give me the condiments I choose on the side, or there has to be a condiment bar with uniform SLICES of onion (preferably red), sliced tomatoes, fresh, crisp, vibrant whole leaves of lettuce, and I want to apply my own mayo and mustard in the amounts I choose. Pickle slices are welcome but in a perfect world, I would have a crunchy kosher pickle wedge on the side to munch along with the burger. I really don't mind paying considerably more for a great hamburger. You get what you pay for.\nIf I had been hungry and just stumbled across Haven Burgers, I would have said it was \"fine\". That was not the case. We left home with Haven Burgers as our single intended destination because of the high ratings and reviews on Yelp upon which I have been relying for at least six years. I love Yelp.\nAZ88 in Scottsdale serves the best hamburgers for my taste. They've got it right. I used to love Bill Johnson's as a great place to get a hamburger but they closed down. There was a Lone Star Steak House in Mesa that served a great hamburger for my taste, but they closed. Oddly enough, Denny's does a pretty good job close to suiting my taste on their hamburgers.\nOne final thing I will say about Haven Burgers is that, even though we did not go during a busy time at all and there were a lot of employees for such a small place, the fellow who took our order and seemed to be the boss, came off a little impatient. There seemed to be an attitude in there that they were doing us a favor by allowing us to come in and order some food.\nNo, I would see no reason to return to Haven Burger with a McDonald's on every corner. BTW, I hate McDonald's but McDonald's is just as good as Haven Burger.