I came across this event while browsing Yelp for stuff to do. I was somewhat disbelieving when I finished reading the advert for this food festival and they tagged on to the end, almost as an afterthought, that there would be a bit of live music...including Ed Sheeran! \n\nThe line up changed a few times (originally Alanis Morisette was appearing) and I was waiting for Sheeran's name to disappear too. I checked again before leaving for the event, his name was still there, due to play towards the end of the 11-9 day.\n\nHaving parked for free, in the quickly filling field across the road, I walked into the Desert Breeze Park for a minimal fee of $15. This was obviously well advertised, most of the area in front of the stage was already a patchwork of blankets. \n\nThe smell of food immediately made me hungry. Every 20 yards brought a new aromatic assault; barbeque, asian, burgers. Each stall had to have dishes for $5 or less...many were $3. These were all tasters from local restaurants, stall holders talked about their restaurant and gave out tickets for 20% off when you next eat there.\n\nAfter eating my body weight in garlic chicken and rice I went to find a position at the front of the growing crowd by the stage (using my freshly garlicked breath to my advantage). It seemed everyone there was waiting for Sheeran to take to the stage, the organisers obviously knew this and put on the less popular bands first. It was becoming a battle of wills...who would give up their spot in the blazing sun to bathe their heads, for a moment, in the relative coolness of the shade? I gave up...two more acts to go...I found a large truck to sit under and guzzle water, but on hearing the crowd roar I was able to squeeze into, maybe, the third row back. \n\nEd Sheeran is AMAZING! He was just on stage for 25 minutes (10minutes more than I banked on) but it was totally worth it.This event was real treat. The food was great, the guys on the stalls weren't pushy, the music was awesome. If there was a downside to the day, it was not being able to get out of the sun. Although fans were being handed out for free and you could buy water, I would suggest next year that hats and sun umbrellas be on sale and the limit, of bringing only one bottle of water with you, be lifted. The crowd thinned out a lot after Sheeran and I know, for me, if it had been cooler or more shady, I'd have stuck around for more garlic chicken and rice :)