After all of the hubub surrounding Copper and the rave reviews from my friends, we finally decided to give Copper a try...and were sorely disappointed. \n\nWhen we arrived at Copper, I was actually quite impressed with the interior of the house. It's well appointed and has a romantic atmosphere...you know, if you're into that sort of thing. We were seated quickly at a great table on the \"porch\" and the server even checked my coat for me. That's about where my positive comments will stop, so if you're a die hard Copper fan, you should probably stop reading.\n\nIt took about 5 minutes for us to get water, about 10 minutes after that to place our wine order, and approximately 10 more minutes for the wine to actually arrive. Fortunately, it was delicious, unfortunately, our server literally stood there and read the entire back of the wine bottle after pouring it for us...awkward, he then walked away from the table before we were able to place our food order and came back about 10 minutes later to take it. We both went for the standard Indian fare; he chose the murgh (chicken) tikka masala and I chose the chicken chettinadu. We also got plain and garlic naan and the veg samosas.\n\nThe samosas arrived are were really quite good, not greasy at all. However, there were only 2 and they were $7. I know Copper is an upscale joint, so I expected the prices, but $7 for 2 veg samosas seems a bit unreasonable to someone who has eaten Indian food before. I think the naan was $3 for 6 quarter rounds, I think you get quite a bit more for your money at other places, but all in all, it was tasty and worth the $3.\n\nOur food finally arrived (it really took a long time considering Indian food is always pre-prepared and just has to be ladled into bowls, probably about 25-30 minutes). The best way for me to describe both of our entrees would be \"Meh.\" Perhaps they're catering to a more \"upscale crowd\" or just to the masses, but the curries were hardly spicy at all and there were quite literally, only, at most, 10 small chunks of chicken in each of our bowls. I love going to Indian restaurants and being able to select my spice level, but that's not the case at Copper. You get standard, mild, American curry whether you like it or not (maybe you can ask for spicier?). I also LOVE the left-overs you typically get at an Indian restaurant. \"Free\" lunch the next day is probably one of the best parts! The portions here are quite small, so don't expect lunch. \n\nAside from being totally average, the chicken tikka masala was $17. Let me repeat that, SEVENTEEN DOLLARS. For a child's portion of chicken tikka masala. My chicken chettinadu was $19, for an equally child-like portion. I suppose if you've never eaten Indian food anywhere else and have a money-tree in your yard, this is probably a great deal. However, I got got by Copper. Our check for 2 entrees, naan, one appetizer and a bottle of wine (one of the cheapest on the list) was $120. For super average Indian food. Bummer.\n\nI realize, from other reviews, that people REALLY love Copper. Like, are OBSESSED with it. I, however, cannot join the masses and sing the praises of Copper, it's just not that good and it's incredibly over-priced. Granted, they have to pay for that super swanky East Blvd. address, but the food is nothing to go crazy over. My recommendation: Save your money and hit a hole in the wall place where $20 will get you enough food for 3 days, will actually have some flavor to it, and you'll get more service than you probably even want (and all the yummy freebies the hole in the wall places give you to snack on!).