We have stopped in at McCormick & Schmick's many times, usually when we go to Cedar Lee Theatre or Beachwood Place. In all other cases, we have ordered a seafood meal and it has been decent. But that was last year. Let's talk about now. 2009, early spring. Looking at the menu on a cold Sunday early afternoon, many items sounded good. We thought we would sample the meat on the menu. Just for argument's sake. There's not much, but it's featured in a box off to the side. So you might naturally think, well, it must be edible. If you think this, you would be wrong. Look at the menu. Check the wine list. You will see two different sizes of wine pours, 5 oz. and 8 oz. Nobody we observed ordered the 5 oz. You must look at that list, otherwise the server (in our case, Kristi) will never mention you are going to be paying the higher price. A couple glasses of an average wine (Chateau St. Jean, for instance) can easily set you back $14 plus tax and tip. Let's call it $18, shall we? Move on to the entrees. We ordered a dozen oysters, ostensibly fresh. $19.95. Marginal. No side plates, lemon, oyster crackers, or hot sauce were offered. Grit in every single mollusk, plus they were not released from the shell, a nicety I consider essential. We had to ask for every one of those normal sides. My water was only refilled upon request. I also had to request that water twice. When we entered the place, the not-too-busy employees were clustered around the front desk, gossiping, and there they stayed the whole time we were there. Unsavory. The ladies' room soap dispensers were both out of soap. We tried the \"slow roasted prime rib\" at $19.95. I searched that menu with a fine tooth comb. What were some possible vegetables I could have to round out the plate? Potatoes, french fries, potato croquettes (fried) and cole slaw. Iceberg lettuce. It was a vast wasteland of whiteness. No side veg was offered except for a wan ramekin of bland black beans. And bland is putting it nicely. I'm being polite here. After loading on the salt and hot sauce (I waited about ten minutes to get Kristi's attention so I could request it) , they were barely edible. Normally, the prime rib is accompanied by a baked potato with \"the fixin's\" More bland. More whiteness. Or something fried. There was a lone field greens salad on the menu. Try a little, people. The prime rib arrived. No au jus (it was mentioned on the menu but was not on the plate), a tablespoon of horseradish sauce badly in need of seasoning, and three lonely wrinkled asparagus spears topped with a tablespoon of grossly undercooked eggplant cubes. We were splitting the prime rib, and barely nibbled around the edges, it was so dry and tough. Inedible. What happened to you guys, M and S? I know you have to meet your food cost, but an all-potato and all-fried side dish menu? They are also touting the farm raised seafood, which I do not favor. I don't care for Tilapia, farmed salmon or shrimp, or the rest of the farmed seafood family. It all has \"that taste.\" Service was sloppy and half hearted. We will go back to try again, maybe, but I do not recommend the prime rib.