I've had the chance to dine and drink at Burton's a few times at this point, and I have to say - I like everything about Burton's, and would recommend this spot if you're looking for spectacular service and excellent food with a twist of couth.  Here's everything you need to know about Burton's from the Grill to the Bar...\n\nParking:  Parking shouldn't be much of an issue as Burton's is located in the middle of Park Road Shopping Center.  That's not to say you're guaranteed to find a spot in the front row - but still no worries with parking.\n\nAmbiance:  The first adjective that comes to mind is \"class\", but not in an overdone, pretentious sort of way.  The nice square bar situated right in the middle, affords plenty of seating and perfect views of the HDTV screens.  Burton's is one of those multi-purpose spots that works well for any occasion - as you can definitely feel comfortable bringing family from out-of-town, a romantic date, or even professional associates for a post-work cocktail.\n\nService:  The service couldn't be better.  They get the little things right  - for example -  plates were cleared immediately after I finished, I received constant refills on water and drinks and servers are super friendly and personable.  I can't imagine anyone having anything less than stellar service from the second you walk in.\n\nFood\/Drink:  So far I've had the wings - half memphis dry rub and half maple sriracha sauce.  Both sauces were unique and I loved them equally. I've eaten both the Maple Chicken and Cali Chicken sandwiches.  On account of the fact that it comes with bacon AND cranberry (when's the last time you had cranberries on a sandwich?), I prefer the Maple Chicken.  The Cali Chicken sandwich, being slightly healthier, is almost a superb option.  Oh and can't forget the fries - of course the regular fries are great, but if you wanna go all avant-garde, you can run parmesan french fries or sweet potato frites!  Burton's has one of those menu's that has a dozen different items that all look and sound good. \n \nWhat more can I say?? I've no complaints, I can't wait to go back and would def recommend (especially if you've never been before).  Burton's is an official member of my All-Goldilocks Team - a spot that seems to get everything Juuuuuuust-Right!!