This company is the epitome of what is wrong with the mortgage broker industry.  If one tenth of one star was an option, Suburban (heretofore known as Suburbum or S & M because that is what they do to customers) and Sonny would still be over-rated. The website banner should read \"Lie, deny, delay & ignore\". Wouldn't be surprised if these people sold used cars too.\nThey sold off the loan from our buyer to a hard money lender before the loan was even closed in the first place. This added a number of delays. First two days, then 3 days and ultimately six days. The greed of these people is not surprising. This smells like an unethical practice. Why should these avarice minded people be allowed to operate in this manner? Slimy, greasy, slippery tactics seem to be the watchword of this company, Surburbgreed Mortgage. Our buyer put down almost $60,000 as a down payment. Does this sound like a risky buyer? His loan was approved weeks before. S&M couldn't wait until after the closing to sell the paper? Pure Greed.  And btw, you people owe us $300 in extra moving\/storage expense.\nThe hard money lender is even worse. A company called Citadel from California. This is a company that has been shut down by the California States attorney office more than once for unethical practices. Why is S&M even dealing with this kind of lender? They by extension, are unethical by association. Not that anyone at Suburbum cares. These a-holes (Citadel) sat on their hands and couldn't push a couple of boilerplate forms through to get it done on time. They claimed to be understaffed. Not surprising, it is hard to keep people if you are a slimeball, lowlife and crooked organization. Most people don't want to work for corrupt vermin.\nImagine the pleasure of having to reschedule all the people that need to be contacted (utilities, delivery people, landscapers, contractors, movers and others) two or three times. These people obviously don't care or don't realize what a ripple affect they cause by their sloppy and feckless work.\nSonny is just an inept cog in a greasy organization. The supervisors who decided to sell the loan before it was actually closed are ultimately responsible. This guy and by extension, Suburbum Mortgage by keeping him employed are the absolute worst incompetent idiots. Sonny is full of excuses, refused to answer our agent promptly, took no responsibility, (his quote to my agent was \"I'm just a middleman\".) He stinks at communication. It took three or four emails, texts or phone calls for him to reply to my agent. Does this sound like a customer focused person? Does he even give a damn? I think not. \nWe were held hostage by these people. The only job these losers have is to make sure things happen on time. They failed miserably. \nThe lead sentence on Suburban Mortgages website says:\nWe're specialists. Arizona residential mortgages are our one-and-only focus, and our team of seasoned loan officers handles every detail onsite, so we can provide answers quickly and accurately. \nDO NOT BELIEVE IT! GO ELSEWHERE. They will sell off your loan before you even close so the whole process gets gummed up and convoluted. Our people issued emails and memos to avoid doing business with these bums.\nWhat they are specialists at is \"forking\" up the whole process so that two transactions don't get done on time even though they had 45+ days to make it happen. They (Sonny) said my buyer was approved and ready to go weeks before the closing date. Yet at the last minute, they can't seem to manage to get two lousy boilerplate pieces of paper thru the system. We had a solid appraisal. They needed a second opinion five days before closing. Did it ever occur to them to get that second opinion two weeks before the closing date. No, that would require forethought and handling details as they claim to do. They are specialists alright: in leaving things until the last possible second, dragging their feet (and most likely knuckles too) and obstructionism. \nWe understand that there can sometimes a minor glitch, bump or hiccup in this process. This was a nightmare. I didn't check Suburbum's credentials but I am convinced they are charter members of Cluster youknowwhat Int'l.\nSecond pack of lies posted on their website:\nWe're traditionalists. We do business the way it's supposed to be done. We hire honest people, treat our clients with respect, and make responsible decisions--and we still believe in the power of a firm handshake. Our clients like that too.\nReally? Delaying two closings by six days is how it is supposed to be done? You hire honest people? No, you hire irresponsible morons, dolts, oafs, numbskulls, dullards and imbeciles. Treat clients with respect? This is what you call respect? Sound more like the big eff you to me. You can keep your handshake, it is worthless.\nMore to follow, see part 2 on Facebook