More like Park N F up your car. \n\nThe valet here is operated by what seems like children on a bumper car ride at an amusement park.\n\nI used them a while back. When I got back from my vacation, my car was damaged. Some idiot drove right into something and busted the grill and was too cowardly to step up and say they did it. They put the broken piece in the cup holder of my car. \n\nThey gave me the run around, pretending that they would pay to fix it but then they said they couldn't find who damaged it and wouldn't fix it. They made me spend a day getting different quotes for nothing. I had to take unpaid time off work to run around town getting quotes in hopes they would fix it.  \n\nThey asked me to sign something saying that they're not liable for the damage and that they could fix it as a courtesy even though they don't need to or some crap like that. Don't sign it! Your insurance won't like it. Your insurance will probably win anyway so you don't need to go through these crooks to fix the damages. It's better you don't sign the sheet they ask you to sign their liability away in order to go through with fixing it. They're dishonest and won't fix it and what you'll have in the end is a busted car and they'll have your signature of you signing off and saying they're not liable. You could still try to fight it if you did sign that because I'm not sure how well that would hold up in court. \n\nI had to go through insurance and get about $2k worth of damage claimed. Luckily in the end, my insurance company beat their insurance company in court and I was refunded my deductible. \n\nThey're the worst. Don't use their service. If you don't use valet you'll be waiting a long time for a shuttle. If you use valet you'll get a shuttle fairly quickly but might come home to a busted up car. It's cheaper and smarter to take an airport cab. \n\nThis was one of the worst companies I have ever dealt with. You are much better off not using them if you like not coming home to a damaged car.