Went here with a few guys on a Saturday night at 7pm \n\nService was generally fine (the male server was pretty nice and on the ball with taking orders and giving suggestions), the female staff were ok but didnt seem to wait around when I wanted to order drinks and more\nFood (I didn't even get my water when everyone else did - that was weird). \n\nOrdered some yummy food: \n\nWings - juicy, good size, crispy exterior.  Liked the sweet and spicy, and spicy honey mustard flavour. The soy flavour was a bit salty and not as yummy in our opinion, but it was not nad either. I usually like my wings goopy with sauce and these were slightly coated with sauce, but interestingly, they were so tasty and good that I still really liked it! Good portion size for $15. I would order these again. I am so tired of getting dried out, tiny wings At other bars. \n\nKimchi fries - I liked these a lot, but the guys prefer the ones at bang million boys. kCowboys version includes fries that are more thin and dry (in a good way.. Think home style McDonald's fries) with a kimchi sauce as opposed to fat fries with kimchi chunks and goopy amounts of mayo, which is ban mi boys style. So, all down to personal preference. \n\nMocha pork belly - good, tender, would say that you could try ordering it, for us I feel like we have had better pork belly but I would try the one wrapped around the green chili next time. \n\nSawdust chicken - tasty!! Try it! Good flavour, texture... Just go try it. \n\nPork tacos with lettuce wraps - a little bit messy but not more messy than eating kimchi fries with your fingers.  Tasty, good flavour. I am used to eating that lettuce wrap dish you order when you have Peking duck in chinese restaurants, and it was much less messy to eat kCowboys version of lettuce wrap compared to a Peking duck wrap. Good twist on the lettuce wrap idea. \n\nHite bottled beer - good, reminded me of a light beer (waitress said it was a medium beer. I am not a Strong beer drinker tho so i might not know the difference) \n\nSpaghetti - cute, crunchy, was kindly given on the house. \n\nAnother user commented on the $5 pop - yeah that's pretty pricey, especially when the Hite beer is $5.50.  You might as well order a beer instead, or water instead of a pop. I understand why they charge more for pop in a bar venue, but to the owners, I would suggest rethinking that $5 price as it gives an initial poor impression to First timers, and. I don't think you really get much out of that extra $1-2 per drink to overcome the sticker shock. \n\nOverall, I would suggest that you check this place out of you are in the neighbourhood. I never went here when it was Main Event, it was too much of a boozing tacky sports bar for me.  This place still has a bunch of screens showing sports, but is not a tacky bar, so good for the guy groups but also mixed groups too.  The sweet and spicy wings were really, really good!   I will go back with friends agai to try more dishes.