Hey, go ahead and ask me why I hate the poutine at Resto La Banquise?  \n\nWell, that's a very good question.  Let's go over the basics of Poutine.  It's fries served with a brown gravy and topped with cheese curds.  Yeah, it doesn't make you friends amongst Cardiologists, I have heard Quebecois refer to it jokingly as \"Montcalm's revenge\", but hey, sex is both funny and kinda disgusting, but who doesn't love getting it on, right?  Right. Poutine is the culinary equivalent of dirty itchy smelly sex that leaves you sweaty all over...so bad and oh so good.  Anyways, In order for poutine to be dirty sex satisfying, a competent establishment should meet several criteria for quality in such a simple (but by no means easy) product:  \n\na) The fries must be crisp on the outside, savory and soft with some moistness on the inside, and not too thin so it'll hold up to an onslaught of gravy.  It should also be salted so it tastes good by itself\n\nb) The gravy should be hot, flavorful and thick, so it'll provide a lipsmacking base of umami.  A good gravy reminds you of a good consomme...you can sip it by itself.\n\nc) The cheese curds should be room temperature, or at least it should not be cold.  It should squeak with milky freshness when you bite it.  It should be an ideal vehicle for absorbing and retaining the gravy flavors, and the population numerous enough to act as a meat-like counterpoint to the soft, crisp but bland potatoes.\n\nd) All 3 ingredients should form a sublime union, the resultant product a greater sum of its parts.  It should be both crisp and soft, potatoey-and-gravy-meaty, refreshingly cheesy - Quebec cheese curds, Nova Scotia\/Ontario potatoes, and their confederation in a good, salty and flavorful, very warm gravy, enough to warm you up on a cool day.\n\nAnd Resto La Banquise...failed on all counts.  Let's start with the potatoes - thinnish potatoes that are inexplicably sweet (did they put sugar in there?  WHAT WERE THEY THINKING), which does not crisp up at all.   There's the gravy - a bit too thin, not much flavor, does not taste good by itself, and in the case of my serving of La Classique?  It was barely lukewarm.  The cheese?  Cool\/cold - feels like they just took it out of the fridge.  It's supposed to be returned to room temperature prior to serving so it'll not cool down the gravy\/fries when you put it in.  On top of that, it's not an entirely generous portion of it to mingle well with the fries and gravy to make it work.  I wonder if the line cooks preparing poutine hates its very existence and want it to bury it alive.  How else would you explain adding all those crazy toppings onto it to make it appealing to the obvious out-of-towners?\n\nI am disappointed by this supposed landmark, a pretender to the pantheon of culinary achievement, one that does not hold up to scrutiny.  The ingredients of greatness are probably there (the steamie hot dogs from Lesters were delicious, the seating is comfortable and the service is passably good), but their poutine needs work.\n\nDo not make limp fries, add sugar, dump pieces of cheese curds straight from the fridge, pour weak gravy on it and serve it lukewarm.  That's like asking the guys at Wilensky's to cut the sandwich, for the counterman at Schwartzs to cut the viande fumee thin and lean, or for the staff at Le Centre Bell to hoist a Bruins flag.  You don't go to St. Viateurs and ask them to make a salty doughy New York style bagel. You don't do stuff like that in Montreal and expect to get away with it.\n\nI suppose you want a good alternative for Poutine - okay, here's my suggestion: Patati Patata on Rue Rachel and Rue St. Laurent - there's a reason why they are constantly busy.  They have higher turnover, they also show their Poutine respect by making the fries crisper, the gravy thicker\/more flavorful, and their cheese curds are not as cold.  The amount of curds were well balanced and the results blend better into the mix.  This is not to say that their poutine is the best, but they are definitely better.  \n\nRotisserie Romado on Rue Rachel and Rue Buillion will do a good version as well, with lots of crispy salty fries, lots of fresh curds, and their gravy is actually spicy.  Damn the lines and order some with your chicken, and get some Sumol or Guarana.  \n\nAs for this place?  I don't know.  I guess you should try it just to see how bad Poutine could be, just so you can hanker for much better ones somewhere else.