Fucking authentic to the 9's.  After being dragged to a variety of \"Mexican\" food places by various people here and being horrified by the so called \"Mexican Food\" and the disgustingly low quality salsa--I came across this place and now I can say that I. AM.  HAPPY.  \n\nI remember a few weeks I went into Mad Mex and asked for their spiciest salsa.  On a scale of 1 to 10, it was a 3.  :(\n\nYinzers aren't much into spicy food.  Everything here is either bland or toned down to meet the boring tastes of the locals.  \n\nBut Las Palmas--they are authentic.  You can tell by the Mexican music and the real Mexican people that work there.  Not a single gringo working there.  I got a drink and paid for a couple of tacos inside before walking back out to get my street food.  \n\n2.50 per taco, unlimited toppings at the salsa bar.  \n\nI asked the guy what the spiciest salsas were and he pointed me towards the orange (haberno) and red(some kind of hot pepper).  I slathered my tacos in the salsas, liberally applied pico, grabbed a few limes and a grilled pepper.  Then I walked down the road to enjoy my lunch.  What happened next was mouth blowing. \n\nI placed the taco in my mouth and took a bite.  Sheer pleasure.  After all the crappy Mexican food I've had here, this was a revelation.  The zing of the onions, the softness of the corn tortillas, the kick of the salsas.  I took another bite.  I was in heaven for a few seconds.   Until my mouth exploded in FIRE and went to straight to hell.  Holy Jesus!  If Satan made a salsa, the habenero would be it.  It was so sinful.  My face started to burn up and snot began to drip uncontrollably out my nostrils.  I must have looked like a disaster.  I polished off my first taco but had to pick at my second because I was hyperventilating like no ones business.  I downed my Jumex juice in a matter of seconds and then sprinted to the nearest store to buy a much needed bottle of water.  OMG OMG OMG.  So much pain and pleasure at the same time.  \n\nOn a scale of 1 to 10, habenero salsa here is a 9.3.  Hopefully I do not diarreah later tonight.