Date night, my lovely wife requested that we find a place that offered French Onion Soup. Turning to Yelp, I put the car in gear and headed towards South Park and Piedmont Row. Quite busy when we arrived, there was no reasonable parking to be had. It seems that some people have a different definition of \"compact\" that somehow includes the Toyota Land Cruiser and Mercedes S-class. So I handed over my car to the complimentary valet and we headed inside.\n\nDespite not having a reservation, the hostess was able to bring us to a table immediately. She left us with the regular menus as well as the Queen's Feast menu plus the wine list. Classy surroundings, I felt seriously under dressed in jeans and a polo shirt. It just has the feel that something fancier would have fit in better.\n\nWhile it took our waiter a few minutes to arrive for our drinks order (no, they don't have a non-alcohol wine), he was knowledgeable, friendly and exhibited a welcoming spirit. I chose to order from the special menu, starting with the mussels and then having the garlic and mushrooms pappardelle for main course. A good sized portion of mussels arrived in a creamy sauce that had onions and was soaked up well by the fantastic sliced French bread that was brought to the table. If you're a mussels fan, you'll love these.\n\nRather than try the soup, my wife read the Yelp reviews and went straight to the goat cheese and caramelized onion tart. Thank goodness, she let me have one bite. Heavenly. Absolutely excellent! And for her main course, she selected the roast duck breast. Medium slices of tender duck on top of a parsnip puree with roasted Brussels sprouts. Amazingly good stuff.\n\nFor dessert, we split a creme brûlée. Perfectly candied shell on top, creamy filling with two perfect raspberries as garnish.\n\nI kid you not, my wife said \"That was the best meal I have ever had in the United States.\" So it has that going for it.\n\nGeorge's will likely be our \"go to\" spot for romantic evenings.