Marquee has a strong reputation for being an awesome club and perhaps that reputation is part of the reason why I was disappointed when I went there for many reasons.\n\nFirst of all, the line up process to get in was ridiculous. We were moved twice into different lines that seemed to have no logic involved in how they were organizing people. There was the supposed guess-list line, which we were in, but the two other lines were moving first. So what's the point of being in the guest list line then? \n\nSecondly, $45 dollars to get in for the guys and that was the discounted guest-list price to get in. Ok its vegas, I get it ... guys have to pay, but for that price I expect service and not all the vices that I will dictate in this review.\n\nThirdly, it was so crowded. In fact, it was so crowded that I couldn't dance anywhere. I could barely navigate through the crowd. I felt like if a fire started inside and pandemonium ensued at least 25% of the people would of died or have been injured. And oddly enough I was so uncomfortable that this thought became cynically funny as I stayed longer and longer at Marquee.\n\nFourthly, and this is for the ladies out there. The club is huge at least three levels. The party that I was with had a number of ladies who's high heels were killing their feet the entire time we were there only to have a bouncer bark at them when they took off their shoes and went barefoot climbing all the stairs. For f@&k sakes, what do you want them to do? It isn't heel friendly, give them a break.\n\nFifthly, no lie, an employee there intentionally pushed aside one lady in our party stating something like \"I work here, get out of the way,\" as a justification to push her to the floor leaving her potentially to fall down on a floor where there was barely room to walk, let alone dance. Are you crazy? Do you not have a soul? WTF is wrong with you? Oh, I forgot its vegas!\n\nSixthly, to get out of the club once you get in you have go down at least five long flights of stairs. Which isn't a problem that is until you want to get back into the club and you have to walk back up all those stairs. It's terrible for the women and quickly frankly I was sucking wind going back up as well. They need to come up with a better system for re-entry. Maybe there is no other way, but it was kind of crazy.\n\nNot everything is pure evil. The DJs and music were awesome, but if you can't dance what's the point. And the mermaids in the pool on the top floor were happy to take pictures with the patrons and kept doing it even though no one was tipping them. They deserve tips at least they are making sure everyone was enjoying themselves. The club itself is pretty amazing in terms of design and look, but ultimately if so many small things keep you from having fun what's the point.