I was very excited to try this well-reviewed, Zagat rated dive that's been around seemingly forever.\n\nWell, I don't get it.\n\nThe good: the people were very friendly. The horchata was fresh and very flavorful. The the chocolae Oaxaca dessert was pleasing though insanely priced at $12. The cochinita pibil has some interesting flavors.Well, the first one anyway. See below for this to make some sense.\n\nThe bad: The noise was insufferable. Sorry but the musical \"group\" for Saturday night has exactly 2 beats. It was just noise for a few minutes at a time followed by silence and then one of the guys saying \"thank you\" followed by a couple people applauding. The music, on top of a small dining room's non-existent acoustics made holding a conversation impossible. Many diners were leaning in to each other with one ear cupped. Others were plugging their ears.\n\nThe unfortunate: so there is simply no way that the food can be a total miss on a place this highly rated. My guess is that this was an off night. The pollo poblano was cooked so far into death that it took 2 of us comparing the chicken and the pork entrees to realize we'd been served each other's dishes. Poblano peppers? Well, there were none. The mashed potatoes just tasted odd. The waiter was very willing to switch out the incorrectly delivered dish for another of the cochinita. The second cochinita arrived in less than 2 minutes which was impressive - yet, the pork did not seem to have been marinated at all. The menu suggests an over-night marinade. Hmmm....\n\nIn my opinion: I'd rate the people and the server a 5 star experience. But, the ambience was something I couldn't deal with at all so a 1 star for that. The food was not up to what the reviews and ratings had suggested it would be. On balance, 2 stars.\n\nOne last comment (in case anyone with the establishment reads this): when we were leaving, an obviously way-too-drunk male patron was standing within inches of one of the female servers. She was practically pinned against the bar. His hand was pressed hard down against hers on the bar top. Clearly he was hitting on her. She seemed a bit scared but was also bravely trying to make the best of it. One male server stood nearby not getting involved. I was about to interject when the male floor manager made an appearance. So, I asked him if the server was OK. He said she was. So I left. But, I think it better to kick an out-of-line drunkard to the curb (well, get him a cab because he was really wasted) and risk losing that customer over allowing this behavior to happen to one of your staff. I do hope it all ended well.