January 11, 2017 @ 10:30pm \n\nLet me begin by saying that this was the worst possible service ever! The food was okay and I have had much better, but this review is strictly based off of service. I've worked in the restaurant industry so I know that when an incomplete party of 8 show up at 10pm, it could be annoying, however, you don't let the customer know. Well, thats what the male busser with spiked black hair and glasses made clear last night. Every question I asked him about our table he would give a short answer and then turn his back on me immediately (Keep in mind, I worked as a hostess in Vegas for 6+ years, I know how to passive aggressively tell a customer F* you and this kid did it.) Next my friend and I asked if we could wait at the bar and grab a drink and wait for the rest of the party to show, then the hostess says,\"If you don't plan on buying anything.\" I get it, they don't want to transfer the bill or whatever, so fine, we wait. Our party arrives and then we are seated and our server, a lady, I don't know her name because she never introduced herself and made it clear we were annoying her. We ordered a lot of food and tons of sushi and when the sushi came out, the staff didn't even know the names of the rolls, so when we would send it back because we did recognize the names, she would immediately come back and act as if it was our fault and stated the correct names (wow). Towards dessert she lightened up a bit. We aren't a difficult crowd, we all work(ed) in the industry and understand the difficulties of customer service (I'm not saying we're saints because we work in the industry, but we are more courteous than most that don't).\n I don't recommend this place for service, the sushi was alright. We ordered gyoza, rib eye (which they didn't ask which temperature and we were lucky to get beef jerky), miso soup, calamari, shrimp tempura, creme brûlée, mochi, and different flavor ice cream. It was all O.K. All you can eat was the best part of our experience.