Get it together, THC Charlotte. I know you've only been open for two weeks, so I should cut you some slack. But i'm not sure, after my experience this week, I can justify visiting you again. \n\nI walked in at 4:45 on Monday afternoon, ravenous and ready to indulge. There was one table occupied, and approximately 17 servers standing around joking with each other.  I was supposed to be meeting my sister, who was stuck in traffic, but I thought I'd go ahead and order a drink and appetizer while I waited for her. NO CAN DO. The hostesses informed me that 75% of my party needed to be there before I could be seated. Incredulous, I took a slow look around the restaurant recognizing that there were approximately 12 servers per person currently dining. Sensing my annoyance, the hostess laughed and said \"I know it seems silly but that's our rule.\"  I understand that rule. I'm actually for that rule. WHEN IT MAKES SENSE. Does it really make sense to annoy the third person to patronize your establishment that evening?  Get a grip, THC. Rules make the world work, but please teach your employees some common sense in applying those rules. \n\nAfter awkwardly standing in the foyer looking at the nearly empty restaurant for five minutes, a manager finally came over and allowed me to be seated. From this point forward, the service was excellent. Our waiter was the perfect mix of attentive but not annoying. When my meal turned out not to be up to the THC Asheville standard, the manager insisted on trying to make it again but better this time, and I appreciated the effort.\n\nThe PIMM'S CUP, made with Pimm's (fruit infused gin), cucumber, and ginger ale, was delicious and refreshing. The food, however was a big disappointment. \n\nFRIED GREEN TOMATO appetizer - the cornmeal breading was crunchy but otherwise lacked flavor, and the goat cheese grits smelled of goat cheese more than tasted.  With no other sauce or flavor, these ended up being dry and bland. I'm usually a big fan of fried green tomatoes, but if the breading is not delicious on its own, the dish really needs some remoulade sauce or chunks of goat cheese to make up for it. 1\/5\n\nMISSE'S ASHEVILLE'S VEGGIE MELT - I've had this three times at the Asheville location and enjoyed it, to varying degrees, every time.  This time the bread was soggy and lacked any sourdough flavor, and the cooks were a little heavy-handed with the Havarti cheese melted on top. The crunch of the fried green tomato was completely lacking, so the entire sandwich felt like a big pile of mushy soggy limp vegetables with no textural differences at all. The lemon aoli is amazing. Really. It is! That's one of the main reasons I keep ordering this dish. Unfortunately that alone could not save this sandwich. 0\/5\n\nCHEESY CAULIFLOWER BISQUE - nothing memorable, other than that it wasn't good enough to eat more than a few spoonfuls. The biscuit croutons were definitely a nice touch. But the soup lacked flavor. 0\/5\n\nTOMATO SOUP-  unfortunately, same review as above. The croutons were nice, but the soup itself lacked flavor and wasn't good enough to waste stomach space. 1\/5\n\nSHOO GRILLED CHEESE - grilled cheese sandwich with fried green tomatoes, sautéed veggies, bacon and hot, melty pimento cheese. What's not to like? This was the one item that seemed good; unfortunately it was my sister's. 4\/5\n\nFRIED OKRA with CAROLINA WHITE SAUCE - the okra was fine. Nicely crispy. But the white sauce... Not. Good. At. All. Ask for the lemon aoli to dip the okra in; it's much better. 2.5\/5\n\nThe location, in the old Pewter Rose, is great, and I love the outdoor seating. That will be great when the weather is a little better. The restaurant and bar areas are both very large and will accommodate quite a crowd, even more so than the Asheville location.