Tikka Takke Tikka Takke Oi Oi Oi!\n\nIt's a Bavarian German mess hall with bench seating and bosomed bar maids and boots of booze!\n\nMy favorite imported brews are served in giant glass steins with strong heft to them.  Dunkel brau ist mein favorite.  Strangely enough I find a connection with my 3rd generation removed Germanic bloodline to be very intoxicating at Hofbrau.  Decorated in faux old fatherland fixings.  The atmosphere is most inviting and exiting as you are transported to the old castle days reminiscent of lederhosen and clogs.  Think St. Pauli girl in practice.  Various Germanic accents abound they really have a knack for the \"Vegas recreation\" feel here.\n\nThe traditional brats wieners and Vienna sausages on order are accompanied quite stoutly with the beers on tap and the pretzels and bitter sides with sauerkraut are an attestment to the dedication to the stout beer this culture has dedicated itself to throughout history.  In other words everything on the menu tastes much better with a glug of beer.  Seriously not knocking the taste of the food in general, but much like most European countries the cuisine is somewhat mated to the alcoholic beverage of favor.  You seriously can't fully appreciate the food with out the drink.  Sour goes great with stout. \n\nThe entertainment is live and seemingly imported as well.  Lively stereotypical lederhosen wearing front man singing and commanding communal cheers throughout the meal.  It is a good idea to keep the large steins filled.  Raise a glass.  Shout an old world cheer.  Take a big drink and slam the glass on the table.  What medieval fun.  Sure to find yourself tipsy you may be ordered a Jeager paddle with assorted shots from which you will be challenged to gullet down in concession and afterwards the bar maids will give you one Hell of a brutal paddling for being a bad boy!  Old drinking game contests may be held from the band and you can possibly get a glass stein for winning.\n\nMajor fun can be had at the Hofbruahaus!  Make sure to stagger into the gift shop afterwards and check out the great trinkets mugs and grab a six pack of the great beer for your hangover in the morning.\n\nProst!