I just wanted to share how wonderful Azul Apartments are. We pay our rent on time each month and are respectful to our neighbors. In return, we are treated with a blast of assorted bass music through our floors and walls on a nightly basis. Isn't it nice that all I have to do is sit on the carpet to get a butt massage from the vibration of the bass? As far as entertainment goes, my neighbors are kind enough to bring Jerry Springer live each night as they have multiple questionable people enter and exit their apartment and constantly scream at each other and slam doors. I even got a free earthquake drill when they slammed the door really hard at 2am, jolting me awake.  How kind of them to prepare me for moving outside of Arizona someday. I also think I should thank Azul apartments because I now have the Phoenix police non-emergency number memorized from all the out of control partying especially when they sat outside screaming at each other at 2am. I'll never forget the 6am entertainment when DPS raided the apartment complete with several DPS officers' cars and a helicopter. Oh boy that was interesting! \n\nI can't forget how generous my downstairs neighbors are. On a regular basis they're always giving me free food from various restaurants. The only thing I would prefer is that they bring it to my door instead of throwing their leftovers going up my steps to my landing. I mean it's only a few extra steps from where they leave off. \n\nI just hope that McDonald's doesn't start charging me rent considering I'm forced to spend hours there when I've had enough of the music and arguing. So if you're into constant music playing at all hours of the night and love to walk into work sleep deprived, you should really consider the amazing built in neighbor features that Azul apartments offer. Maybe your neighbors will toss free food near your apartment too!\n\nI am editing my review to say that I have complained to the office and each time I have contacted courtesy patrol, I was told a report would be made to the office. All I am told when I complain is that they will talk to these neighbors. This has been going on for months now where the office will \"talk to\" my neighbors. So unlike the response to my review, it does relate to the quality of the apartments because the office is incompetent.