I can't get the sound of the sizzle and incredible aroma from the burning hot plate of spicy chicken bulgogi out of my mind! I'll share more on that later, but first let me share some tidbits about dining at Koreatown.\n\nThe restuarant is located in a very indistinct strip mall that has been mostly empty until recently (I saw a new pho shop and food market in the same complex). There is a private parking lot and plenty of parking, however I didn't notice bike parking near the restuarant itself.\n\nThe interior is casual and clean, with lots of photos of what the dishes look like throughout the restaurant. There was plenty of seating to accomodate a large group or smaller tables for a couple to enjoy dinner. Sound carried pretty well here and there TVs with sports on, so know that it is not a fancy establishment.\n\nThe staff was very polite and helpful. They are very proud of the food they serve and were very informative in thier description of the dishes and category of dishes. I was greated immediately upon entering and seated promptly. My waiter offered to help with suggestions and knew a lot about the dishes offered. I decided to go with the Spicy Chicken Bulgogi, which was served on a platter which sizzled at my table for a bit while I was busy digging in. The chunck of chicken were small enough to easily be picked up with chop sticks yet not get dried up due to the hot plate. It was a very savory sauce that was a bit sweet and very very spicy. While the level of heat was high, the taste really stood out as the chicken was flavorful and juicy. It came with 5 small sides including a marinated eggplant side, cucumber, beansprouts with spicy condiments, kimchee and one more I cannot remember. It also came with a serving of purple rice that was sticy and flavoful. The waiter explained that it is cooked with a type of bean that gives the rice its purple color. I was glad he suggested I try it instead of plain rice. Note you are given only chop sticks here--I can eat with them so I didn't ask for a fork and I am not sure if the do or don't have forks.\n\nI was offered additional sides and asked for some kimchee to go. They brought over a box (one order at $14.99 can easily feed 2) and I took some leftovers for my hubby to enjoy. They gave me a whole small container of the kimchee and I wasn't charged for it so I left a hefty tip. I saw the Bimbimbap and several of the soups come out and they smelled and looked GREAT. I will definitely be back and I will be sure to bring my friends with me.\n\nA shout out to Mark R. who suggested this location. Your review was spot on!