The Bellagio is a Vegas classic, a big player in the hotel space. Unfortunately, I was really disappointed with my experience here. \n\nI stayed for three nights in the late summer during my first trip to Vegas without the parentals and since turning legal. The Bellagio was running a special promotion and I falsely believed I scored a sweet deal on my Fountain Room. It might have been my own bad for not reading the fine print (who does?), but I actually booked a Fountain Room in the Spa Towers, which only offers PARTIAL views of the famed Bellagio Fountains. You could imagine how upset and frustrated I was when I discovered this \"small detail\" when we were checking in.  Y'all really shouldn't market it as a Fountain Room then because we could only see a portion of the Fountains.... Again, I'll take responsibility for this mishap as I didn't fully read the room description when I was making the reservations. Yet, that doesn't invalidate my angry feelings of being cheated; the allegedly awesome rates now seemed like a shady ripoff. \n\nOur room itself was just alright. After checking in and traveling what seemed like miles to the Spa Towers, we opened the doors to our room and was greeted by dirty white towels sitting on our bathroom sink. The housekeeping folks forgot to take these with them after they finished cleaning our room. At a regular hotel, this is no big deal--but at the Bellagio, with their immaculate reputation and sky-high prices, our stay was definitely starting off on the wrong foot. We called the front desk and informed them of our situation. \n\nAfter checking out our room, we also found that the iPod docking station on our nightstand was broken and displayed the incorrect time. As someone who is always punctual, this drove me nuts! My boyfriend tried for 15 minutes trying to adjust the time but to no avail. Other than that, our room was fine. It wasn't super extravagant or posh; but it had nice marble floors in the foyer, mood lighting, a 40\" LCD flat screen TV, an in-room safe, mini bar fridge, automatic drapery, and one stand-in shower and jacuzzi bathtub.\n\nWe didn't experience any other housekeeping issues during our stay. They were actually very good in cleaning our rooms and leaving us chocolate. The Bellagio is one of the older hotels on The Strip and having The Cosmopolitan as its neighbor did not help their case (we spent more time there than at our own hotel). Although its prime location is a plus and the service was great. \n\nI don't gamble so I can't comment on its casino. There are plenty of dining and shopping options (ranging mostly on the pricier end). The hotel is truly gorgeous and elegant with lovely European architecture and design. However, traveling to and from our room took extremely long because the Spa Towers aren't located at the main tower. \n\nAll in all, we had an ehh experience. What I ultimately took away from my Bellagio visit (besides carefully reading the fine print!) is that the next time I play in Sin City, I'm going to stay at The Cosmo.