I never thought that I would have such a horrifying experience at this club, which I've been to a handful of times in the past. I came to celebrate my birthday with my cousins and things were fine until around midnight when we took a break from dancing. We were outside near the bar and gambling tables when I noticed a security guard talking to one of my cousins (I'll refer to him as K). I stepped in to make sure everything was ok because the guard looked pretty intense. When I inquired, the guard said that K had a flask and wouldn't turn it over. (This was true because we had asked him to bring one--although he actually didn't even use it!) The guard said he had to leave, so I said we were sorry and we would all go with him. Yes, these things happen and I knew we were wrong for bringing the flask. When I said we were going, too, the guard said we couldn't go with him, but we could meet him somewhere. I grabbed a few of my cousins and we just hurried through the club as the guard led him away. Then another guard came by to help escort him (K was compliant and it seemed unnecessary to have two guards, but whatever. We just hurried up to make sure we could be with him.). Anyone who has been to clubs and has gotten asked to leave knows that it is normal and expected for your group to go with you to make sure everything is ok. But when we reached the elevators to go down, they wrenched him away from us and now there were six guys. Four were in the elevator with him, pinning him against the wall. We asked the two men in front of the elevator, who were blocking us from him, why we couldn't go with him. We said that we didn't want to cause any problems, but we just needed to know he would be ok. My cousin tried to have the manager let her in, but he pushed her back.  K started calling for help because they were hurting him. We could see that the four guards had him slammed against the wall and were starting to choke him out to keep him from calling to us. I can still see the fear in his eyes and I will never forget the sounds of his voice. He was so scared and we were so helpless, trying to just protect him from whatever was about to happen. K is the sweetest kid, and he was compliant.  He was not drunk or belligerent. They were using unnecessary force and they wouldn't even tell us where they were taking him and why 4-6 men were needed to make him leave. He struggled against them only when they started hurting him and choking him. We left the club and asked the front door bouncer what we should do next and where we could find him. He advised us to go back to our hotel because they would most likely put him in a cab. But it was so suspicious that we couldn't just leave with him! It's as if they didn't want us to witness what they were doing, which was using unnecessary force for no good reason. We left for our hotel and told the rest of our family to wait there to see if they would release him, which they did about 20-30 minutes later. \n\nWhen K came back, he told us what happened. He had been choked out (there were red marks all over his neck) and he was holding a paper towel covered in his blood. He had woken up on the floor near a back elevator of the hotel because they had choked him out to the point of a black-out. If that wasn't traumatizing enough, the guards asked him repeatedly what he remembered. He was alone and afraid, and although he remembered every horrific moment of their abuse, he was afraid to say a word of it. He knew it'd make it worse and they'd probably keep him longer...so he said he didn't recall. And they implied that he had probably accidentally hit his head or fell and passed out somehow. But the truth is they did it! They feigned ignorance and pretended to play nice at that point to cover up their dirty deed. They got him a paramedic to clean up all the blood on his face and hands...there was even drops of his blood on the floor. He cried when he told us because he was so traumatized.  My heart truly broke for him and I was so appalled at this wrongdoing. It could have happened to any of us! It has probably happened before to other people...people who were compliant and didn't want any trouble, just like K. We knew we had to try to do something to correct this huge injustice and act of violence, so we called the Cosmopolitan hotel to file a formal complaint. Then we called the LV police. They sent two officers to our room to take down a report. Neither acts yielded any progress. I felt that we got brushed off as if this incident wasn't important. I cannot believe that nothing can be done. I fear for everyone's safety that goes to Marquee now. I will never set foot in this club again. I advise that no one else go here either. What happened is so wrong, and I plead with you to spread the word about this injustice. Please do not give this place your business.