I love ice cream - especially soft-serve ice cream. If I had to choose one thing to eat for the rest of my life, ice cream might be it. So, as someone who loves ice cream, my primary judgement of an ice cream shop is for the ice cream itself. I really don't care for the frills - the brownie, the cookie dough, the sprinkles - it's usually just a gimmick anyway. Unfortunately, I would rather have enjoyed my ice cream at a McDonald's. I'm not sure how they exactly make their ice cream, but the sweetness tastes a bit artificial, and there isn't much of a milky flavour to the ice cream itself. It tastes almost like the soft serve ice cream you'd get from an ice cream truck.\n\nWhile a lot of people complain about their portion size, I actually thought the portion size was a plus. For $6 you could get a large enough ice cream to satisfy two people. The problem is the mess. Yes they give you a lot of stuff, but it's on a fairly small cone so on a hot summer day it's bound to drip all over your hand even with the plastic cover. What would be helpful is if they provided paper cups so that once you take a picture of your ice cream with the basic light blue backdrop in the shop, you can flip the cone into a cup and eat it from there. I felt bad that all the chunks of stuff on my ice cream kept falling all over the floor as I walked out of the shop.\n\nSpeaking of the chunks - I got the Campfire S'mores the first time I was here and hated it. The marshmallows tasted like slightly stale No Name brand marshmallows which makes you think you're eating sweet ear plugs. I could barely taste the chocolate from the chocolate itself, as it was overpowered by the flavours of the ice cream. The crushed graham crackers didn't taste like anything and also tasted stale. I tried to give this place a second chance and ordered the birthday cake but the pieces of cake just tasted like cheap stale cake that a kid in grade school would bake. I would much rather have them reduce the portion size to save some of the costs to reinvest in improving the quality of their items, I have no idea why a lot of their toppings taste stale.\n\nThe layout of the store is also annoying because it's very tiny and crammed, and half the people are trying to walk out with their massive ice creams with a ton of topping on them, I would be surprised if accidents weren't common here. I came in the winter so it wasn't very crowded but I could just imagine how much I would hate the place in the summer.\n\nSo you'd expect me to probably give them 1 star but why 2? Well, the ice cream looks nice in pictures - and that's important for any of you food Instagrammers\/bloggers that want more traffic. Also, it is fun if it's your first time experiencing the ridiculousness of their ice cream - which will likely be followed by disappointment once you taste it. I'm not too disappointed though, the picture did get me a lot of likes, and maybe that's what it's all about.