Start it pulp fiction style.  End last then work backwards.  \nSean and his wife(not sure her name) are doing this because they've lived it and love it.  They menu that is - for years. The life of honoring the body and all that it unconditionally does for us, with the best food available.  He told me he just wanted to take a chance and do something that he was passionate about with the pay off being spreading the love to the individual patrons and his community.  From my perspective, they're food artists and if you're going to change the world, it will start by inspiring people to begin on the inside.  Food artists sharing their creation with whoever they can.\n\nWe were served the carefully prepared potato soup, which was a touch spicy with VIBRANT spread of flavors.  Some soups are hella one note.  This was a perfect start.  \nThen the hummus trio (we asked for all veggies vs chips) they obliged without question and hooked us up with a spread that was crisp and colorful.  All hummusessesss (hummisi? lol) were divine.  Not crazy garlicky like Pita Jungle, and creamy but textural.  Most fresh made hummus we've had is very oily.  In fact usually topped with oil to boot.  We purposely saved some so that we could crush it later tonight.  Stoked for that second round! \nMy angel side kick had the VegHead sandwich.  It ended up being the star of the show in retrospect.  The ingredients were so insanely fresh that it makes me think a little less of Wholefoods right now.  Is that possible?   Best way to describe it is \"full\".  The veggies taste full.. not dull.. like its all there somehow.  Something about the hummus in this entree and the onions and greens almost reminded us of a Tuna fish sandwich (which as vegetarian we haven't been able to enjoy in way too long.)  Obviously not a fishy flavor but that same vibe in terms of fulfillment and an after taste that we're still smiling about.  Yep we trieddd.. I mean struggled to save a little of this too so we could experience it later.   We did this because we live out in the west valley and only get down here once a month. \nOk so my entree was the Protein Quinoa Bowl.  Epic.  The ingredient spread is exactly the Eat to Live balance that your body knows exactly what to do with.  Ie. nothing gets stored as fat, you feel energized and satisfied but not sleepy and useless.  I actually got crafty and ate it in the same bite as some hummus.  Something about that combo just gives you the WTF eye roll when something is perfect.  \nWe preceded the meal with iced americanos (good) and then Sean hand made me a pour over of a local organic coffee (great) that was smooth and had a sneaky undertone of Amaretto.  So Fun@!  Local organic coffee has been super tough to find for us so this was a nice surprise. \n\nThings people have said on Yelp: :Not FAST food\".  I.e. - they had to wait for their food.  Our response because we've tried to make organic fresh at home, is it takes a good amount of prep when it's done at the time you're about to eat (vs. pre-prepped).\n\nLastly.. we always chuckle over the craziness of living in a society where you have to pay extra for non-poisioned (ie Organic)  food.  Wholefoods\/Trader Joes .. etc.    But there is salvation.  Cutting board and their willingness to risk a business like this ahead of the curve, even in the face of the early bird special, Filbertos, nay-sayers.   We hope that they are rewarded with great success for following their hearts.  Go.  In joy.