Today was my first experience with hydrocolonic therapy. The staff at AGC made my experience great. I was terrified of the process even though I knew what to expect from watching all of the videos on their site. \n\nI arrived 25 minutes early, as suggested on the website. The building is very easy to find. I was greeted by Charlene Gullotta, she's a certified hydrotherapist and then some! I filled out the simple one page information sheet and was sure to include details of my lifelong battle with stomach issues. I made her aware that although I was nervous, I needed to start cleansing because the last 4 generations of my family have been plagued with colon cancer.\n\nShe walked me back to one of their spa-like hydrotherapy rooms. Everything was very clean and the whole office was serene and quiet. It didn't have a hospital or doctors room feel (thank goodness). Charlene briefed me on the whole process and showed me how to get set up on the cushioned table. She said she would come back in 5 minutes to turn the UV water machine on. The ultra modern (yet easy to use) equipment uses warm purified water that flowed through by gravity. So there wasn't a violent rush of water flow. The tube they used was literally thinner than a pencil and only needs to go in about an inch or so. The set up was completely painless.\n\nWell, we got the show on the road and Charlene checked on me a few minutes later. I felt fine and was mortified watching \"the viewing tube\". It immediately made me wonder why it took so long to try this! She said if I wanted she would come back and check on me, otherwise I would see her when I'm done (a video plays during the 45 min cleanse and instructs you when it's nearly done). I didn't think I would, but I told her she could check on me just in case I screwed something up--I'm THAT girl! Haha!\n\nCharlene came back about 15 minutes later and said the water was going to start heating up to 104 degrees to help break though the intestinal wall of concrete poop that most people have built up over a lifetime! She gave me a massage ball to use in a circular motion on my stomach to help move things along. \n\nAlthough it wasn't traumatic, I experienced cramping and twisted pains throughout my stomach at different points during the cleanse. Nothing a woman that has monthly PMS can't handle. I was also sweating and getting a little dizzy as the toxins passed through. At one point, I was so relaxed, I thought the tube fell out because I had zero feeling of pain\/pressure! \n\nWhen the video ended, she knocked on the door and instructed me on how to use the sprayer\/shower handle (think kitchen sprayer) I was thrilled to see I didn't have to use 300 baby wipes to clean up and dry off.  I left feeling clean and excited to start this new health journey! \n\nOh--one of the best parts? -- I lost 4lbs when I weighed myself before I left! \n\nI'll be back soon! This is the best I've felt in a longgggg time! \nThank you all for being so helpful!