-Lunch Buffet Review -\n(TL;DR - I prefer my Indian cuisine to have lots of flavor, spices, and heat. Yet, sadly Mint didn't meet my requirements. The flavors here were too boring. Plus I had stomach pain soon after eating here. I won't be returning.) \n\nWe prefer Mt. Everest's lunch buffet - they have a better selection of flavorful curries and an overall better tasting selection of food. Also, their naan (even if they don't offer garlic naan for buffet anymore) was fluffy like pillows and had more charred stone oven flavor. \n\nMaybe I'm the odd woman out and call me crazy, but I prefer my food to be exploding with flavor and rocking my taste buds off, you know, the type of flavor that punches you in the face. Especially when I'm in the mood for Indian cuisine, I expect bold spices and ingredients to jump out. Unfortunately, Mint didn't meet my requirements for a satisfying Indian buffet.\n\nThere was a scarcely detectable amount (if any) of spice used here, no layering of flavor, and specifically, no wow-factor. The selection here was poor and didn't offer up the typical items I was hankering for - Malai Kofta, Saag Paneer, or even Samosa, to name a few. The list goes on with my rants about this place.\n\nMint is also super sticky, right as I was seated, my silverware placed on the table was stuck like glue! I had to use some elbow grease to pick them up. Plus, I despise their buffet set up - you constantly have to touch the sticky germ-y handles to lift the lids up off of the trays on every single item, then use the spoon to scoop up your food. It was really gross touching the handles. Good thing I brought my wet-ones. The plates that they use gets hot instantly when you place hot food on it, so I had a hard time holding my plate without burning my hands. Also a pet peeve - they have Pepsi here and it's not fizzy at all, it was flat. \n\nI only found 1 item from the buffet that was delicious enough for me to get seconds of, that 1 item was the chicken korma (cashew chicken curry.) Everything else was super bland, dried out, or boring. \n\nHere's the breakdown of what I tried: \n\n- Mint and tamarind chutney were both were refreshing and flavorful. They really helped to bring life to the boring curries and food. \n- Coconut chutney was alright, but not something that I kept eating. \n- Chicken korma - rich and sweet, also had tiny hints of spice which is why this was my favorite dish out of everything I tried. \n- Saag mushroom wasn't my favorite. I really missed the cheese curds. There was no bold flavor, richness, or natural sweetness from the spinach. It was seriously bland and sad. \n- Chicken tikka masala's flavor was muted. It tasted like bland tomato cream soup and lacked all of the rich luscious flavor that I've grown fond about tikka masala. I did not finish finish it.\n- Tandoori chicken was dried out and tough. \n- Chile chicken had decent flavor, but they were super dry.\n- Veggie tikka masala flavor was very boring, just creamy, and no lively spices going on in there.\n- They offered yogurt, which is fine, but I was upset that they didn't offer refreshing cucumber raita.\n- Cranberry rice had colorful specs of carrot and peas, but it wasn't amazing or memorable.\n- Both the garlic and butter naan were dry, plus the garlic flavor was faint and the butter naan was boring.