I've really scored lately with some places I've tried for the first time.  I had some great takeout over the weekend from Mucho Taco.  I ordered a carnitas taco, the Chimi de Asada, and a churro.  \n\nI was a little nervous as I walked in because I've heard this place is pretty authentic and the only Spanish I know is from watching Sesame Street.  But the young woman working at the front counter smiled and greeted me right away, which put me completely at ease.  \n\nAfter I placed my order I had time to look around and this is really a cute place.  Very clean, and I like the décor on the walls and the painted tiles.  It's small, but really has a nice atmosphere.\n\nMy food was ready in about 10 minutes and as I drove home the first thing I noticed was how good it smelled.  Oh my...the whole car smelled like carne asada and rich, seasoned enchilada sauce.  (They serve their chimis enchilada-style).  \n\nWhile I was unpacking it, one nice little touch I noticed was that someone stuck a tortilla chip between the guac and the sour cream just to keep them apart for transport.  It may end up a rich gooey mess on my plate, but it's not going to start out that way.  That made the presentation very nice when I opened the container.\n\nThe carnitas taco was small, street taco style and had a very good flavor, but the meat was slightly dry.  I added a few chopped tomatoes and a little guac and it was perfect.  I would definitely get that again.  \n\nThe chimi was full of delicious carne asada.  They really know their stuff here.  The meat was good quality and so tender it melted in my mouth.  I had half for dinner and then the other half the next morning with an egg on top.  DEE-licious!  \n\nAnd the churro was a nice sweet way to end the meal.  My total before tip was $10.42.  I was very impressed with the attention to detail and the flavors.  The enchilada sauce had a great blend of seasonings that was way better than any I've had before.   I look forward to trying more items on their menu.  Gracias, Mucho Taco.