FRAUD ALERT!!!!\n\nI am so seething in anger right now! My 2012 VW Tiguan's factory battery finally crapped the bed so I ended up in North Scottsdale for an appointment and had to pull in and buy a battery. I was helped by a guy named Robert and I asked for the high end battery with the best warranty, as I wanted the best for my VW. He sold me a battery for $198 and said it was the manufacturer recommended item. Flash forward a couple of hours and I went home, and my fiance had alraedy gotten me a new battery from the dealership. Since it was an official VW part, I preferred that (obviously) so I called Napa, confirmed I could return it with a receipt to any location.\n\nI hauled it inside, and the girl at the counter (South Scottsdale location) says, \"Yeah, I'm not going to be able to take this back. It's a year old and has been used. Look at all this corrosion and leaking. I can't take it back because I can't resell it.\" \n\nWTF!!!! I literally bought that battery less than four hours prior. If you can't resell it, why was it okay to sell to ME??? I didn't look at it because Mr. Robert at the North Scottsdale location just picked it off the shelf and took it to my trunk for me. I closed the hatch, and carried about my business. I didn't assume I'd need to inspect what I thought to be a brand new item. After a bit of getting hot tempered and angry with the poor girl at the counter, I think she realized I was serious and the other employee had done something fraudulent, she approved the return. I was on the phone calling the other guy about to give him a piece of my mind and she said \"No, no. I'll call and yell at him. He's a manager and should know better.\"\n\nA manager. What the actual f**k. A manager saw a girl come in by herself, and saw SUCKER stamped across her forehead and sold her a used item. People who would do that are what give the automotive industry it's horrible reputation for taking advantage of people, specifically women. Thanks for nothing, assholes!!!