The Manor is one of my favorite movie theaters in and around PGH.  They play a nice mix of mainstream and indie films that cater to slightly more artsy\/intellectual types; thus, the clientele is generally more respectful and mature than at blockbuster movie theaters.  On top of that, they offer a full bar, student\/senior discounts, and comfortable seating.  My favorite aspect of the Manor, however, is that they show only 2 trailers (lasting about 5 min.) prior to starting the movie, instead of the usual endless 20 min. barrage of trailers and other ads.\n\nI've visited the Manor twice: Once in 2014, and more recently, this past Tues.  Because my first visit occurred a couple of weeks prior to the Oscars, the Manor was showing Oscar-nominated films.  I saw American Hustle, which unfortunately lost to Gravity (boo!), and I had such a great experience at the Manor that I promised myself that I'd return.  Given that I only see 2-5 movies a year, however, I have limited opportunities to do so, hence why a year and a half passed before I followed up on this promise. \n\nWhen rain caused CM and I to scuttle our picnic plans this past Tues., I checked out the offerings at the Manor, and the title of a movie called Me, Earl, and the Dying Girl piqued my interest.  After reading the description, I was hooked, and CM was curious, too, so we decided to head over to the Manor to check it out.  If you're reading this review in a timely manner, I highly recommend this movie, which is set in PGH and strikes a rare balance between funny and deep.  Once again, I had a great experience at the Manor, and CM enjoyed it, as well.\n\nOne thing to note about the Manor is that, unlike the nearby cineplex at the Waterfront, there are only four screens, which limits the amount of movies that can be shown at once.  Given that this is a historic theater, there isn't stadium seating, and the screening rooms are smaller than those of the typical cineplex.  All of this leads to a more intimate viewing experience, which I greatly appreciate.  The only drawback of the Manor is that the walls aren't completely soundproof, so loud sound tracks from the screens next door can sometimes be heard during quiet moments, which can be a bit off putting.  However, many cineplexes (including the Waterfront) suffer from the same problem, so the Manor is hardly unique in this respect.\n\nOverall, the Manor is an excellent theater that shows great films.  Whether you're a serious cinephile or an occasional moviegoer like me, I recommend skipping the crowds at the Waterfront and checking it out!