***Review is for BRUNCH only\n\nTo get it out of the way...I'm not the biggest Bobby Flay fan.  On TV, he can come off as obnoxious, arrogant, and cocky.  However, the guy shows up on a bunch of different shows, which makes me wonder...is it just a persona he puts up?  I mean, he must be a decent guy to get himself on so many spots on the Food Network, right?  If it is just an act though, it works; his brash personality actually made me want to try his cooking even more, just so I could see if he's as good as his reputation suggests.  And being that the MESA in NY was his first restaurant, my friends and I figured this would the perfect chance to check out his cooking.  \n\nUnfortunately, we couldn't squeeze MESA in for dinner, so we had to settle for fitting it in for brunch instead.  When our party of ten checked in with the hostess, we were seated promptly, where the wait staff was quick to start serving our table.  Our waiter was helpful with menu suggestions, and was pretty good at describing and explaining the different components of each plate.  In fact, when it was all said and done, I ended up going with one of his suggestions - the Scrambled Eggs Chilaquiles along with the Rough Cut Tuna Nachos that a few of my friends wanted to split.\n\n- The Rough Cut Tuna Nachos - served with a mango & habanero hot sauce and avocado crema...terrific.  The tuna is similar to Hawaiian poke, but with Southwestern flavors instead.  In a way, with the crema, it's reminiscent of a guacamole salsa, but better.  Much better.  Too bad there aren't any places around here that serve it the same way.\n\n- Scrambled Eggs Chilaquiles - served with a roasted tomatillo sauce, white cheddar cheese, and creme fraiche.  Presentation wise, all of the colors on the plate really made it stand out (blue corn tortilla, orange sauce, white cheddar, green seasoning), but the execution is what really made the dish.  With three layers of crispy tortilla, it had a nice crunch, which worked well with the richness.  The combination of flavors were fantastic.  If anything, I wish there was more of a kick with the sauce, but it tasted great as is.\n\nIn addition, I also got a chance to try my friend's Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash, but I thought my entree was better.  Although I did like the spiciness and flavor, I would have like a little contrast in the texture.  Along with our meal, they also served a basket of bread, all with some Southwestern twists.  They were all decent, but my favorite of the bunch was the jalapeno bread.  \n\nIn the end, I'll give Flay his due...the guy can offer up a pretty good brunch menu.  The ones that I tried were great, though I know a few of my friends were not as enthralled with their orders (hence the four stars).  None of them said the dishes were bad though, so maybe it was just a case of hopeful expectations not being met.  Reviews on here are pretty high for dinner as well, so I'd be interested in checking that out next time.  At least now, I have another reason to go back to Vegas...not that I really needed another one anyways.