ENTRY\nLine wasn't too long on a Sunday at 10pm.  I almost always avoid places with cover charges, but I wasn't charged as a guest of Rio. If they were smart, they'd let you up for free... and then charge $10 for the 51 floor elevator ride down.\n\nCLUB\nThe inside of the club has a purple glow that feels very 90s, very Night at the Roxbury (EMILIO!!!), but the obvious appeal is the rooftop patio with the view of Las Vegas, fifty-one floors up.  Being on a roof in Vegas is the only reason to be at Voodoo, right?  From there you can see where ask the hip clubs are.\n\nCLIENTELE\nNobody was too formal.  Only a few girls got hoed up.  I guess you could say it is Casual Ho.  Surprisingly low douchebag count. And nobody wearing blazers (except maybe one of two foreigners who may have mistaken this for the hotspot it may have been in the 90s).  I was a bit shocked to see a pair of schlubs in their mid-50s in beige T-shirts and shorts allowed in, but I don't want to be a snob. (I was in Levis and Darth Vader vans, so.) \n\nDRINKS\nI don't need dry ice in my drinks.  I'm an adult.  (Don't look at my shoes).  A Tito's and Cranberry will do fine.  I don't really need the bartender to flip the alcohol over his shoulder, under his arm, across his armpit, bunnyhop over the elbow, over the river and through the woods, heads shoulders knees and toes knees and toes.  But whatever.  At least Corrie had a heavier pour than the others.  I couldn't help but think of the amount of liquor spilled during that performance.  At least they should dedicate it to our homies.  \n\nPRICE\nTwo drinks run $28.12.  The twelve cents was annoying.  Nobody wants a pocketful or purse full of change.  Just make it $28 even. Pennies don't belong in a nightclub. They are the coin equivalent of 55 yr olds in beige shirts and cargo shorts.  No change!!  If they were smart, they'd have a big Plinko board that empties into a tip jar.  \n\nDANCE FLOOR\/DJ\n Though the dance floor is naturally assumed to be in the middle of the deck, in between the bland, dark bar and the lit up DJ area, surrounded by booths roped off to the general public, the lack of designated dance floor is actually a good thing because you can stand on the \"dance floor\" or dance off the dance floor (in other words, stand where they dance or dance where they stand) and not feel out of place.  The DJ, playing a healthy dose of 90s hip hop classics, was mixing songs so quickly that you couldn't tire of any song, which is a great thing.  He was an ADHDJ.