I am visiting family for the holidays and joined this gym on a trial membership for the duration of my stay.  They were very accommodating and the trial was very inexpensive.  $22 for two weeks.  \n\nThis is a fairly large facility, with two pools, a full size gym for basketball, etc..  a small aerobics studio, and a cardio equipment room with approximately 15 elliptical machines, 20 treadmills, 10 bikes (aside from bikes reserved for spin classes), a couple of rowing machines, a variety of Freemotion resistance machines, a free weight area, etc.   There is also plenty of parking and a day care center.   \n\nThe cardio and resistance machines are mostly new and state of the art and they all face a row of several tv's that are mounted in the middle of the room.  Each is tuned to a major station, (CNN, ESPN, ABC, etc)  has closed captioning, and there is a place to plug your headphones in on each machine - though I did not see if it actually worked.\n\nI do wish they would ban the use of cell phones during your workout.  We do this at many, many gyms in the Silicon Valley and it really cuts down on the annoyance factor.   I'm here to get away from business and other issues and have some \"me time\" in order to clear my head and to focus on my health.  You, Jabberjaws, should be doing the same.\n\nOther than that, there is a 60 min time limit on machines, and disinfectant spray with paper towels to clean the machines after use.    Great.  Though washable hand towels may be more ecologically sound. \n\nI chose this gym because of the abundance of classes, including the ones I take at my gym at home - which are Zumba and the Les Mills classes (Bodypump, Bodycombat, etc).    They also offer Yoga, Pilates, Spinning and a variety of other classes.\n\nI took the Bodypump class and it was fine in that you know what to expect because Les Mills classes are a franchise type deal - so the choreography is always the same.  However, I was disappointed that the class was held in the Gym.   \n\nDue to the high gym ceilings it was very echo-y and difficult to hear the instructor and the music.  In addition, half of the gym was curtained off and people were playing basketball on the other side.  The noise was very distracting on top of the poor acoustics and made it even more difficult to hear.   The equipment was also pretty run down - but useable.   I understand that the facility is run by the city so one thing at a time, I suppose.\n\nThe instructor was good but not great.  I have *alot* of experience with fitness classes and am a professional dancer.   I can safely say that her counts and cues were slightly off... particularly compared to other instructors I have experience with.  But , she was very friendly, attentive, and helpful. \n\nI also took the Tuesday night Zumba class and the instructor was a substitute during Xmas.   She was good but not great.  She did not follow through on movements (ie: no extension in her arms and her steps were shortened) and her rhythm was slightly off.   But she was very nice and encouraging and she knew her routines well.  \n\nI have been taking Zumba for over two years now, with several different instructors back home, and I am used to mostly VERY difficult workouts. This was not particularly hard for me, but YMMV.   If you are experienced at all with Zumba or other aerobics classes, you'll likely know how make it harder on yourself, if needed.  \n\nI never did make it to the BodyCombat class, so I can't say how that compares but I would encourage anyone to try it.  It's generally an easy to follow cardio-kickboxing class that can be modified for all levels.  \n\nWhen I return next year for the holidays I will likely join this gym again.   Overall, it was helpful to keep me on track with the battle of the Xmas bulge.