Beware...this has been downgraded to a \"do not enter\" rating. Irate wouldn't be the word I would use when describing the service here. My friends and I were treated as if we stole something...read on for details. \n\nCertified regulars of this Palace of Pain, we endured mild mistreatment simply because we became hooked on the food and it's close to the house. We came here on 11-26, my birthday!, for a nice meal before heading to the bar. We should have known from the clueless hostess who we asked twice for outdoor seating, then led us to an indoor booth. Finally when we said, \"can we not sit outside for some reason?\" a different hostess replied, \"Oh, sure we can set that up.\" Hmm...\n\nSince we weren't starving and had some drinkin' to do at the next location we didn't all do the AYCE, just ordered random rolls. An hour later (60 full minutes) members of our party hadn't received the first rolls they ordered. Second and third orders arrived and we reminded the server we were still waiting on some of the first items ordered, which she said she'd check on. Twice. How does that work? If I took a number at a deli, say 23, and 42 got his food next....there's a problem. Simple math. The place was busy but nothing warrants that kind of service. After a third time of asking where the missing rolls were, while exhibiting some visible displeasure, the waitress did bring some \"free\" sake but no rolls (the price being our sanity). When they finally did arrive, basically when we had our coats on to leave, we sent them back, completely tired of waiting and being treated like sake drinking children.\n\nThe final chapter? When a member of our party calmly spoke with the owner, who self importantly posts himself up at the sushi bar, apparently watching orders not be made, this man had the nerve to argue that we had only been waiting 30 minutes. 1. What owner argues with a customer? 2. Even THAT amount of time is ridiculous for one roll!!! It was completely baffling, especially since we go there so often and were pretty positive the owner recognized us. There will be an empty space in this shopping plaza if this pattern of service continues and my friends and I will be watching from afar. Very far.