I was really impressed while dining here for their soft opening.  \n\nWe were coming here for their Pho Dip Sandwich but unfortunately they ran out.  And although I was bummed I browsed over the menu and actually found it hard to decide since all the selections sounded good. \n\nI decided to try their Chicken Salad Sandwich with dry cherries and walnuts and my husband tried the Char Siu Roll.  We also got to sample their soup of the day which was Clam Chowder.\n\nI believe their concept of serving their food with a twist really works.   My Chicken Salad Sandwich was more on a take of the Hawaiian\/Chinese dish~ Cold Ginger Chicken. The walnuts and cherries were a great touch making this an amazing tasting sandwich.  This also came with their delicious thinly sliced taro and potato chips dusted with Furikake made in house with a side their Kimchi pickles. I seriously think they should think about selling jars of these pickles and bags of their chips! Addicting! \n\nNow the Clam Chowder soup served with toasted crostini was incredibly delicious with a Thai twist.   It had the right amount of heat, clams, potatoes, and Thai influences.  It was not thick but more of a broth.   I joked with the owner that this had to become a regular and not a special, but I was really serious!   I know I am going to be craving this soon and would love to see this on their regular menu. \n\nWe finished with a delicious and generous dessert offering of their Pumpkin Crunch and Red Velvet Macarons with Honey Butter. Both delicious but with the fall approaching, that Pumpkin Crunch is going to be a hit!.\n\nThe place is nicely decorated with a modern touch of bamboo, red and gold, and the tables are nicely touched by a Buddha vase (once served as a Buddha alcoholic drink) with a bamboo.  They also offer complimentary lemon infused water which is a pleasant touch. \n\nThe food offerings are delicious, the pricing is fair and the service was splendid, making for an amazing dining experience and great first impression.  Can't wait to return to try more of their menu as I can easily see myself becoming a regular patron