I love Instagram. I love how they have \"videos\/pictures you may like\" under the search button so I'm always exploring. Under my search it consists of weightlifting, reality tv stuff and lots of FOOD.  I was browsing one day when I saw a photo of cupcakes and of course liked it, I liked it even more when I discovered the new bakery is located in Calgary, I liked it even more more when I saw they were having cupcake happy hour on a Saturday so...$2 for full size cupcakes WHAAAAAAAAAAAAA?!!!! I knew I had to visit.\n\nAfter pannenkoek's, I told Amanda about this new bakery in town and we had to go because $2 cupcakes?! She agreed. Sweet Relief Pastries is located on 13th Avenue SW, right down the street from Hedkandi Salon. \n\nWhen we walked in, its super slick, bright and clean looking, obviously new. They have a display of goodies up front and a beautiful display of cakes and stands to the right. There is a small seating area where you can enjoy your cupcakes and a wall of rainbow sprinkles. \n\nDuring my visit, there were 6 different flavor of cupcakes: salted caramel, nutella, vanilla, coconut, raspberry and chocolate. They were also chocolate covered oreos which were quite pretty, some sugar cookies, Calgary O's (their take on an oreo) and some macarons. They were also decorating cakes in the back which was super cool to see. The lady up front was patient and sweet. We decided to go with a salted caramel cupcake each and share a raspberry one. Amanda also got three macarons for a little sweet snack to go.\n\nWe were the only visitors at the time, so we took a seat and enjoyed the cupcakes. I noticed the raspberry cupcake was a little heavier than the salted caramel so I was afraid that the cake would be way too dense and dry but when we split the raspberry cupcake MMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!! The cake had a mild but noticeable lemon flavor, it was dense-ish but moist at the same time and the raspberry icing was SO GOOD - totally real, no artificial flavors, even bits of raspberry pieces were visible. We loved this one. We were quite full but couldn't resist digging into the salted caramel. It was topped with a couple of pretzel and the chocolate cake was super moist, totally melt in your mouth. The icing was the perfect ratio of salty and sweet. Just absolutely delicious. As I finish typing this review, I'm not sure if I regret writing this review because I wanted ALL THE CUPCAKES to myself but I realize I should not be greedy. So... YOU'RE WELCOME!!!\n\nJenn tip: Take the bottom of the cupcake and put it on top of the icing so the icing is sandwiched between two layers of cake for a perfect cake to icing ratio...GENUIS I know.\n\nSweet Relief, I can't wait to see your business succeed! Crave Cupcakes, Buttercream and allllll those cupcake bakeries better watch out!!! I will definitely be back for my cupcake fix over and over again.