I am updating my review because somehow those charges I disputed ended up in collections!!!!!\n\nFirst of all, I disputed the charges that weren't mine and second, they did not try reaching out to me to pay anything so I had no idea what was going on!! It was a month later that I received a letter from a collection agency and I was so upset that because of someone else's reckless and unethical spending under my name will result in a decrease in my credit?! And when it comes to collections they apparently love to call you EVERY DAY to remind you to pay them. \n\nOf course I called Vdara to see what's up and they forwarded me to their accounting department and they didn't answer so I left a voicemail. Never got a call back after waiting a few days. I called the hotel again and they transfered me again to accounting and was on hold over half hour and this time someone finally picked up and tried helping me but ended up taking up another 20 minutes to find out  that since the incident was over a month ago that the issue had to resolved with MGM accounting and the hotel couldn't help me. FAB!!\n\nSo he gives me an email address to email since he didn't have the number so I'm like great. I email MGM my bill and dispute form and I waited. I tried calling some type of MGM support but no one had a number - just the emails. So fine...I wait and hope for the best and a few days later someone from MGM calls me and apologizes saying somehow my dispute paperwork got mixed into the collections paperwork and that they will cancel the request to collections. IM HAPPY SOMEONE CALLED ME but I mean...it took how much effort?! And the excuse that they were so disorganized that they got paperwork mixed up is so stupid to me. So I asked for some kind of confirmation for all this so it doesn't affect my credit and she said I will get a letter in the mail about the case being closed and my credit will not be harmed. Thankfully 2 weeks later I got that letter they promised!!\n\nI can't believe such an unpleasant stay from the very beginning would haunt me for two months!!!\n\nGet yourself together Vdara!!!