I myself can't recommend Ribeye for a meal, and gave it a low rating, roughly 1 1\/2 stars. Because Ribeye has many happy customers, as well as fellow Yelpers who are fans, and who are marking Ribeye higher, I will try to describe Ribeye as well as I can as I relate my single dining experience. That way, you, the reader, will know what to expect if and when you go.\n\nAmbience and Decor:\nLet me first describe the restaurant's ambience. The restaurant is a dark, windowless interior space. The decor is simple, something like wood or wood-like tables and chairs along with booths. When I was there the restaurant was very busy and extremely noisy. TV's were visible from most seats of our table, so watching a TV show or event while eating is part of Ribeye's draw. I imagine drinks and dinner while watching a football game would be an example. There is a full bar in a space connected to the dining area. \n\n\nFood:\nThe food at Ribeye is not to my taste. \n\nThe ribeye steak is low quality meat. Eating the steak is not a pleasant or satisfying experience. Perhaps a hamburger or meatloaf type order would be safer. Ribs are on the menu but I just know that the barbecue sauce would not be better, and might be worse, than that offered by McDonalds.\n\nThe salad bar comes with most dinners. The salad bar has a mediocre selection of items, and the quality of each item is basic. Coleslaw would be on par with that available in a chain supermarket deli. Freshness of the salad bar is variable by item, depending upon how it turns over. Overall, the salad bar is not worth ordering. It just is not very good.\n\nBread is a hot, fresh loaf, but mediocre nonetheless. Also, Ribeye does something to its butter. The butter is whipped up for sure, but they might add sugar or something to it. \n\nThe vegetables, and items like baked potato or mashed potatoes are edible, but mediocre. These don't appear to be prepared to order. Unfortunately, potatoes and vegetables lose much of their appeal if they are not eaten when freshly cooked to order.\n\nI can't comment on dessert. None of us ordered dessert, and I don't remember what was on the dessert menu.\n\n\nSummary:\nOverall, Ribeye leaves me with the impression of being an upgraded (albeit, a much upgraded) version of Sizzler. It also has the feel of a sports bar. Prices are pretty much in line with what Ribeye offers. That is, prices are neither too high nor are they particularly good values. Service is adequate but unremarkable either way.\n\nFor me, this all is about 1 1\/2 stars on Yelp. Ribeye is targeted to, and evidently, successfully fills, its own niche in the market. The other reviewers have different opinions, but all of us are evaluating the product that I have tried to describe to you above, in my review. I hope this will give you some idea of what to expect if you visit Ribeye.