I've always been fond of Teppanyaki. Not only for the food, but also for the entertainment. And this is exactly what Geisha House provides. A great ambiance, delicious food, and simply just having a fun time. \n\nMy Family usually celebrates someone's birthday here. So much so, it's been somewhat of a tradition every year. Mine seems to be every two years. This year we came here for my Mother's 21 birthday bash celebration. I adore the kimonos that the hostess wore. It's elegant, yet sexy. Nice touch to bring back the  traditional Japanese dress. \n\nWe were greeted by a smiling, friendly hostess that took us to our teppan table as soon as we walked in. Our server Lu? came by and took our drink orders. We all opt for their Geisha Special. My brother and I substituted the chicken with scallops. My uncle substituted the chicken with salmon. Both for an additional charge, which wasn't that much at all.\n\nAll Dinners Include: Soup, Salad, Hibachi Shrimp, Mushroom, Onions, Zucchini, Bean Sprouts and Fried Rice. And with the GEISHA SPECIAL, it Include: Choice of Appetizer (Shrimp Tempura, Shrimp & Vegetable Tempura or Egg Roll) Choice of Drinks (Small Sake, House Wine or Soft Drink) Entrees : FILET MIGNON, CHICKEN AND LOBSTER. You just can't beat this combination deal. \n\nAll the tables that occupied the teppan grill were celebrating a birthday. I can see why though. The Teppan Chefs here have a witty personality, love making food jokes plus tricks, even turning it up with a blue flashing light to make some boombox beats with their spatulas. Whaaat?! We were fortunate to have Chef Don as our Teppan Chef for this evening. He had this chill locomotion energy about himself that we enjoyed interacting with. He made jokes and tricks with our meals.. don't want to spoil the fun for anyone, but I thought the smiling face to cute dog was adorable. The best part of this experience was when he turned the blue flashing light on. He looked at my Mom and told her.. Come on stand up.. stand up.. stand up! My Mom looked stunned. Then he proceeded with come on.. stand up.. you gotta dance!!! You're the Birthday Girl!!! And next thing I knew, my Mom actually got up and started shakin her salt shaker! Chef Don started making some boombox beats with his spatulas and we were all having a blast. Tears of laughter was all around our table. The most memorable, yet fun time we ever had dining here. I even got that on video ;) \n\nThe highlights I enjoyed here were the Tempura Shrimp and Vegetable combo, Fried Rice, huge juicy Scallops, Filet Mignon, and Lobster. Love their dipping sauces! Just remember the creamy orange sherbet color is for the meat, the middle is for the seafood, and the dark brown transparent color is for your veggies. The middle sauce has some wasabi or horseradish in it.. you'll taste that kick, so be ready for it! That creamy sauce for the meat is delicious. It enhances the flavor and takes it to another level. I wish I can duplicate this sauce for all my meat indulgence! \n\nThe service was great in refills of drinks ( I drank 3 ginger ales!!! Could have been 5, but refused to have more! ), needing anything else, to taking away any finished plates. Quite observant throughout our whole dining experience. This place seems to attract Families, Friends get together, and Group outings. It's an awesome place to be in having a great meal, funny fun entertainment, and making some everlasting, cherished memories!