It is unfortunate that the service at this establishment is so terrible, because otherwise it would be a decent place for a meal hidden away from the Strip.  The food was decent, but my experience here for my girlfriend's birthday is what drops their score to one star.\n\nWe came here in a large group and filled up what otherwise would have been an empty dining room on a Saturday.  The waiter, Daniel, tried to chum up to us by claiming he was \"half-Asian\", even though he looked 100% Caucasian.  Regardless of whether he really was of Asian decent, my suspicion is that he was trying to sell us on their overpriced bottles of champagne, which he claimed would be a great way to celebrate the birthday girl w\/a toast, and he'd throw in a free dessert too.  One of us brought a bottle of wine, and Daniel said he'd waive the corkage fee ($35) if we got the champagne.  We thought, why not, and ordered his suggestion, the Gruet Rose, priced at $85 (I later looked up the retail price for this, and it's $16.99! What a ripoff).  \n\nOnce we got seated, Daniel's poor service began to show.  We came in near the end of happy hour, but Daniel didn't notify us that it was last call to get cheap drinks.  Instead, when we realized it was near the end of happy hour, instead of encouraging us to go, he gave the impression that he did not want us to make it, even running out to the bar area to let the bartender know that we were too late.  Dinner itself was served very slowly, and I was missing my fork for a while.  Because of the long wait at dinner, we found ourselves bumped up against the clock, and we had to get out of there to attend another engagement.  We waived him down for the check, and in our rush, almost missed seeing that the corkage fee was NOT waived.  Thinking this was a misunderstanding, and a quick fix, we told Daniel, who flat out denied that he'd waive the fee.  We asked to speak to the manager (did not catch his name, but he was old, Caucasian, and had white facial hair), thinking he would have no problem waiving a $35 fee on a meal of more than 1k.  But, nope.  He was even more rude.  We explained the situation in a cool, calm manner, despite being in a rush, but to deaf ears.  Afterall, the gratuity was already included in the bill, so why should they care to give good service?  They also did not bring out the promised free dessert until we specifically asked for it.  Eventually we decided we'd wasted enough time, and basically were forced to pay tip for terrible service, and a corkage fee that should have been waived.\n\nThe whole experience left such a bad taste in our mouths that several of us called up the general manager AFTER we had already returned home from our vacation.  Eventhough the general manager eventually issued refunds for the tip and corkage fee, we had to bug him to get it done.  In any case, this isn't even about the money.  It's about the principle of the situation.  I'm a guy, and I'm used to getting treated poorly.  However, even for me, this was one of the worst dining experiences of my life, and it completely ruined the birthday celebration.  The valet guy outside treated us better than the servers inside.\n\ntldr; worst service ever, ruined birthday, bad management