02\/04\/10\n\nHappy hour w\/ Violeta.  Loved the furniture (dark wood and slightly reminiscent of old Mission churches or Spanish villas that one may find back home- I'm from the Philippines), and the ambience.  I liked how the doors\/paneling opened up to a patio- it was a little chilly that afternoon, but I imagine that w\/ the perfect weather we have now, happy hour at TLR would FEEL nice.  What I did not like about the LR is that it was NOISY.  Now, I didn't mind so much that the music selections were eclectic (country to jazz to classic rock, and even Motown); After all, we were AT The Living Room, and, as in different households, one can find different music playing.  No, it was just too noisy.  I'd hate to imagine what conversing would be like if the doors opening up to the patio were closed...  What I also noticed was that while there were smatterings of all age groups (there were even children running around in the patio!), most of the people there were in their mid-40s to mid-50s.  I usually check out happy hours at restaurants for the food offered, and not to meet potential love interests, and this venue would definitely be somewhere I'd just go for the food MYSELF.  I can't even picture being able to do some work on my laptop here... maybe it'll be different in a few months?\n\nService was a little bit lacking, but the place was packed!  A chair was even taken from our table (I didn't mind, but I think V. did, since she was keeping her fingers crossed that her hubby would join us).  As for the food, we were going to keep it light by ordering bruschetta.  (I knew that TLR was affiliated w\/ Scottsdale's 5th & Wine, and I had tried and enjoyed the bruschetta there.)  The bread pieces here were sliced much thicker than those at 5th, and while they may have reminded me of Postino's bruschetta, the flavors, while good enough that I enjoyed the dish, made me wish I was at Postino's, or even at 5th & Wine.  Especially when it was so noisy we had to raise our voices to hear each other; Violeta wasn't enjoying the music; and children were running around not two feet away from me.\n\nI would like to give TLR another chance, and hopefully, my guests and I will find a younger crowd (no children present, please!) to enjoy the ambience, music, and food with.