Marie and I decided to do a little shopping today so we drove across I-10 from Ahwatukee to Tempe to check out Ikea and Costco.  After strolling through each of the big stores and not buying anything that could spoil in the heat of the car, we stopped at Honey Bear's BBQ for a late afternoon lunch\/dinner.\n\nWe've eaten here once before having a good tasting pulled pork sandwich with sides, but this second time we both had a hankering for some pork ribs.  In my usual style, I ordered a full rack with a two sides of potatoes, one fries and the other potato salad. Marie decided to have 1\/2 rack of ribs with two sides, cole slaw and a corn on the cob.  She also has a beer and I went with a RC cola.\n\nNow my thing with Honey Bear's is with the staff.  They are nice to you, take your order quickly, but they are a bit stoic, standoffish.  And this could be just me, but I feel like they need reassurance that I know a bit about BBQ, like I need to say \"Hey I'm experienced! I've traveled this great country and have eaten BBQ in Kansas City, St. Louis, Chicago, Memphis, Virginia and some back woods joint in South Carolina.\" Like I said, this is most likely my personal issues coming out, but this is how I feel while I'm ordering our meal.  Everything came to about $40.00 with small tip.\n\nWe scoop up some extra BBQ sauce, which is very tasty, not over powering, IMHO.  Takes about 10 minutes to assemble our order.  When it comes to the counter, I'm already in motion and on my way before the guy can say our number.  The tray has way more ribs then either of us can eat in one sitting.  \n\nWe both dig in with our hands, lifting the ribs to our faces dripping in their excellent BBQ sauce and begin to pull the meat from the bone with our teeth.  Now on their soda cups Honey Bear's states and I quote \"You don't need no teeth...to eat our meat.\" They may mean the pulled pork, but I found that the meat didn't fall off the bone; you did need teeth to pry the meat from the bone of these ribs.  The meat is dry, tasty but dry.  That didn't stop me from finishing off all but four of my full rack plus the fries and potato salad.  I love the potato salad, with its taste of pickles.  Mmmmm.  Except for two pieces, my girl stripped her ribs clean.\n\nMarie got a \"to go\" box from the counter woman, and we piled in my leftovers to take home for a late night snack.