Well, I finally have a better idea of the goal behind Scottsdale Quarter. During construction of the Quarter, they opened up a restaurant here and retail store there, but they never gave much indication on what was going to be placed in the middle. Now I know: a lot of restaurants, shopping and entertainment! I like. \n\nScottsdale Quarter really has it all. Shopping - both high end and low end, restaurants - both fine dining and average, snacks, coffee shops, home furniture, electronics, nightlife and yes, even a brand new state of the art theater! I could spend my entire Friday night here and have dinner, drinks, a movie and post-movie snack without moving my car. \n\nArchitecture-wise, they did a pretty decent job. The courtyard area in the middle of the Quarter really opened up the center and I like the water works surrounded by benches, chairs and even lounge chairs! At times, it feels a little cramped, but it's not unbearable and it also makes me feel like I'm in a very urban environment. Parking can be a bit of a pain, but I've learned to just accept defeat and park underground. I wish that they offered some \"30 minute\" parking options, especially since they have some \"in and out\" style shops - like fro yo and coffee. They have one or two loading zone parking spots but they are always taken so hopefully they add some more! I wouldn't choose Scottsdale Quarter for a quick trip because it would take twice as long to find parking alone, but if they change that I definitely will. \n\nBetween Scottsdale Quarter and Kierland across the street, this could be shopping and dining paradise. I hope that one day they create some sort of above ground walkway to go between the two shopping centers so that we can easily go back and forth without having to cross the busy intersection. \n\nAll-in-all, I'm very excited that Scottsdale Quarter has come to town. They've brought in some wonderful local businesses and popular chains and it is a great option for those in North Scottsdale.