Have you ever tried to talking to someone who refuses to listen yet demands that you do nothing but listen? You listen and then wait your turn to speak, only to be spoken over so you have no choice but to continue listening. So, you listen expecting that the person has some sense of civility and shred of decency that you will eventually be allowed to plead your case. In addition to being impervious to reason, this person speaks in such a condescending and demeaning tone that the intent of his hollow and ceaseless shibboleth is to crush your spirit like a child. This brutish  and disrespectful person's name is Allen Richards, and although he claims to be a manager at the Staybridge Inn, his official title is really \"front desk clerk\".  The following paragraphs are not a diatribe about the Staybridge Inn at all. It's an absolutely lovely place, and fortunately, there is a manager who is Allen's polar opposite. \n\nI had arrived at the Staybridge Inn last night very late with my two small white dogs because my house is being renovated and isn't habitable. Although I was extremely tired after working a full day and then dragging my belongings and two dogs to this temporary residence, I felt relieved   to find that the suite was clean, spacious, and had an outdoor patio. The next day I got ready for work and locked the dogs in the bedroom, but left the patio door open.  As they were used to a large house and backyard, I wanted to give them the freedom to go in and out as they pleased.\n\nI admit that this was not a good idea for dogs that were used to a quiet house in the suburbs and not in an apartment complex where residents lived in tight quarters. During the day, Allen called to inform me that neighbors had complained about the dogs barking and that I had to move the dogs off the property.  I was at work at the time of his phone call, but as soon as I got off, I drove home to discuss the matter with him to apologize for letting the dogs out on the patio and to ask if I could try locking the dogs in the bathroom the next day while I am at work. \n\nBefore I had the chance to get home, Allen called again insisted that the dogs be moved off the property immediately. When I arrived at the lobby of my building at the Staybridge Inn, he was standing in the way of the entrance, for all practical purposes, blocking me from entering the building. As soon as he saw me, he rattled off a litany of complaints and barked out orders for me to remove the dogs from the property. This is where the one-way conversation began. I waited with bated breath for the moment to explain the reason I allowed the dogs to use the patio and how I would correct the situation by leaving the dogs in the restroom the next day.\n\nHe never heard my explanation nor my idea because his only response to me was \"listen,\", \"listen to me,\" etc. The only words he heard were that I had no place to go as my house was basically under construction. His response: \"That's your problem.\" After ten minutes of being forced to listen to Allen repeat himself, I had no choice but to speak to his manager, which he defiantly countered with, \"she's just going to say the same thing, there's no point.\"  Even while we waited for his manager to arrive, he maintained the same bilious refrain, even threatening to remove me from the property if I acted up and didn't follow his orders. Thankfully, his manager arrived before he had time to act.\n\nHis manager, Brittany, thankfully, was nothing like Allen. She listened to my case patiently and with understanding. I told her how I didn't foresee the dogs making so much noise and that I was very sorry, but I would do my best to make sure they didn't bother anyone the next day by locking them in the bathroom. I asked her for a second chance, and we both agreed that if the dogs did the same thing the next day, I would peacefully leave and find another residence. She was as empathetic and sensible as Allen was callous and irrational. Honestly, I don't think I've ever appreciated civility and reasoning so much in my entire life. Of course, I never intended for my dogs to disturb anyone. Why would I? I also enjoyed staying at the Staybridge Inn, despite Allen's churlishness, so I had every motivation to prevent the incident from happening again and understood the consequences. Yet, how is it that people like Allen can so freely and self-righteously force their noisome will through an impervious wall of sheer sound that only makes them deaf to reason? \n\nI write this review not only as an invective against Allen and his ilk, but also as an encomium for Brittany and rationality. Thank you so much, Brittany. Allen, I have learned the hard way that you do not know how to listen: I only hope you can read.