\"Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.\" - Clemenza (The Godfather) I consider myself a cannoli connoisseur, after all I did pretty much grow up in Little Italy. I went to a high school that was predominately Italian where the joke was that the English speaking club would meet in the phone booth across the street. I was in high school the year \"The Godfather\" hit the big screen (that makes me plenty old!). On top of it, after swearing off having anything to do with Italian men, I ended up marrying one. So in the end, I know a thing or two about cannoli. \n\nFirst, let's be clear here, there are basically two kinds of cannoli. There are the Sicilian cannoli, a ricotta based filling surrounded by those brown, crispy sweet tubes. The other cannoli, from the northern region of Italy, are puff pastry tubes filled with a custard like concoction. Both types are usually dusted off with powered sugar. Both are delicious. I have though, always been partial to more standard ricotta cannoli. Some bakeries offer up a pistachio ricotta filling which gives the filling a slight light greenish colour. \n\nLa Sem has always been one of the standard go to places for cannoli but I live out in the 'burbs so finding a decent cannoli is a challenge. I love offering them up to company with Espresso on a Sunday afternoon. I have been blessed to have a really great Italian bakery\/store called Mercato open up in Bolton a couple of years back. They house a pretty decent pastry case of those typical Italian type of pastries, which to be honest, aren't really my pastry of choice but when it comes to cannoli, Mercato delivers big time. \n\nThe fillings are always fresh, creamy and not crusty at the end. The shells have never been soggy and are always intact (this is the tell tale sign of freshness). Soggy shells are big fat no no. The ricotta filling is sweet with little tiny chunks of chocolate stirred in and you can taste the hint of nutmeg as well. That gets a big thumbs up from me! The Pastry Chef there told me that he will often use honey to sweeten the ricotta. Every Friday morning I stop in and bring in a half dozen into my office for my staff to gobble with their morning coffee. The Pastry Chef has taken to filling mine right there on the spot for me as he knows how much I love them and how much I appreciate them being so fresh. \n\nCannoli at Mercato are offered in two sizes, another big plus for me. I often find the bigger ones a challenge to finish off especially if you are serving them for dessert after a big Italian food extravaganza. Cannoli prices for the small ones are $1.50 @ and $2.50 for the larger one but are worth every single penny. La Dolce Vita!