After reading quite a few negative reviews, I thought I would put my two cents in. I attended this school, and was awarded my BA in Graphic Design in 2010. Since then, I have worked as a graphic designer at an advertising agency and then decided to move into an in-house position at the Greater Phoenix Chamber of Commerce. If it wasn't for the hands-on learning I gained at the Art Institute, I wouldn't have had the ability to get the positions I got, and then keep up the pace at those positions. \n\nI had wonderful instructors, actual clients to practice on, and lots of team projects that taught me valuable lessons about what it would be like as a designer in the real world. Most of the relationships I have made at this school have helped me in the long run, and I am happy to say that most of those friends also went on to bigger and better things, in many of the different fields. The Art Institute is definitely expensive, and yes, you can get the same degree elsewhere for less. However, the education is amazing, and I am hard-pressed to find professionals in my field that are at an AI grads level from other universities. Sure, they are out there, but it is overwhelming how prepared AI grads are once they have graduated. \n\nWith all that said, not all AIPX's programs are created equal. You absolutely have to do your research before signing anything, and be sure that it is the right school for you. Speaking from personal experience the instructors in the Graphic Design and Advertising programs (my first major before switching) are fantastic, seasoned designers\/instructors, and I know from my boyfriends program of Video Game Art and Design, those instructors are fantastic as well (he also has a full-time job in his industry).\n\nThe other downfall is the school IS expensive. However, if you are looking to get into a more technical field, AIPX provides us with a more hands-on education, which will ultimately prepare you for what it's like in the real world, and it's worth the price. They also keep their students up to date on the latest trends and technology, including updating their computers with the latest software (which is no easy task *cough* ADOBE *cough*).\n\nI know I sound like a salesman for the school (I'm totally not), but I had a great experience, and thought it was appropriate to share. You get out of it what you put in. I definitely recommend it :)