I'm not even going to rate this place because they don't even deserve a 3rd of a star! When I tell you this is the worst hotel ever I mean every single word! Me & my cousin stayed here because we didn't leave Vegas at the time we expected, so we just needed a room to stay at until we could get on the road the next morning we were so tired ! So when we got there the lady that checked us in had about 6 people in the lobby waiting to check in. It took about 30-45 minutes for us to even get checked in she was the only person there and was extremely over whelmed and frustrated. 2nd thing is we asked for two double beds & when we got there she said all she had left was a king so we said fine ! We get in the room and the damn bed was a full size bed we couldn't even fit in the bed not to mention we had our kids with us so they lied about what size the bed was! Not only was the bed too little but the room was extremely tiny ! If you think it doesn't get worse just wait it does! So at about 11 o'clock pm we were woken up by loud banging music right outside I guess they were having a concert smh never have I ever heard of a hotel being sooo extremely loud and obnoxious! Generally when you go to a hotel it's quiet and relaxing so that you can rest properly NOT HERE THOUGH ! So the loudness and music lasted until about 4 am. We did not get a hour of sleep.\nNot only was it loud outside it was loud outside of our hotel room also! I called down to the front desk to explain all of this to them and the gentlemen had the nerve to tell me to try the headphones smh I kid you not ! I am not lien over exaggerating or anything I am dead serious ! I told him not only are the headphones not working for the loudness but that they only gave us 1 pair ! On top of all of this when we got up to leave we had been bitten by bed bugs DISGUSTING ! I am here to let any and everyone know DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT COME TO OASIS GOLDSPIKE ! Even if it's last resort I recommend you to just sleep in your car you'll be much happier that way ! Because of this I contacted the manager and she never got back with me so I then contacted my bank and got my money refunded to me within an hour ! Tell a friend to tell a friend never go here TRUST ME