My boyfriend and I were in the area this weekend and didn't know where to eat lunch. We searched Yelp and this restaurant had the best rating in the area so we decided to check it out (thanks fellow Yelpers!). Plus the name sounded a tad familiar...Food Network?\n\nI am so glad we dined here. All of the pastas are made from scratch -- from penne, rigatoni, spaghetti, elbow, linguini and more. I went with the rigatoni & pink sauce and added a grilled chicken breast ($12). My take? The sauce tantalized my taste buds, the rigatoni was amazing and perfectly al dente. I only wish the portion size was bigger because I polished it off quickly. The chicken was a touch overcooked and they took it back without me even saying a peep. My boyfriend opted for the chicken parm sandwich (large - $12.95). His take on the sandwich? Those were no little, over breaded chicken fingers slapped on a hoagie. Oh no, this was a hand pounded, full chicken breast, topped with mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce all sandwiched between two down right delicious pieces of garlic bread. He wouldn't stop raving about it. The whole menu is a smorgasbord of Italian delights. We want to go back and try dinner service!\n\nWhen we mentioned to our server that we had never been there before, he brought us out another complimentary (dinner sized) dish just for us to try! We were blown away. The pappardelle noodles in this 3rd dish were SOO good...they were light and perfectly cooked. I would definitely order that the next time we dine in. We were so impressed with the customer service of our server, Mike. This small gesture will make us repeat customers. Bravo! Mike also informed us that if we texted \"Parma\" to 90210 we would receive two free cannoli's. Man, were they tasty! Love those little chocolate chips :) We could barely walk out by the end of lunch. lol.\n\nThe restaurant also has a full deli service counter where you can take home fresh prosciutto or a pound of mozzarella. They have take-out as well so you can come pick up a sandwich on the fly. They also have a mini store in the front where they sell noodles, sauces, peppers and more.\n\nLove, love, love!!!