I totally fell in love with this place today! BF and I are on a health food kick but still like dining out- the reviews here made me order the Ahi Tuna Tacos and the Mediterranean chicken wrap, add chicken. We split the orders, along with a side of Brussels sprouts, and were both full and happy, for just under $30. Not bad!\n\nFirst impression is that this place is small but organized, and has a light and natural decor scheme. I like the grass theme that managed to be everywhere from the walls to the window stickers and the menu. The TV-screen menu with images of each dish was a nice touch.\n\nI'm not usually an ahi tuna taco fan, but when you see so many reviews in a row raving about them, you try them. And, here at Daily Kitchen, I think I found a new favorite dining-out dish! The three tacos are a hefty portion and the tacos themselves are super tasty, with a spicy sauce that sneaks up on you, a light and crunchy slaw for texture and extra veggies, and a good amount of fresh ahi. I think I could eat these three times a week and not get bored. I may even try to test that theory- they're that good. Pricing is okay- for $13, I had expected a side.\n\nThe Mediterranean wrap on lavash with chicken is gigantic. I didn't finish my half and took it home for later. The lavash wrap is light, and the wrap is packed with tons of grilled chicken ($3 add on cost, great serving size), creamy hummus, and veggies. I only found one kalamata olive in my half, which is a good thing because their flavor is so strong that it totally overpowers the bite that it's in.  Serving size was very good on this, and the brussels sprout side was also a giant and delicious portion- I'm not sure what was on them, if they were just cooked in olive oil or if there was liquid crack in the saute, but they were phenomenal. Way better value than a generic side of sweet potato fries- though to be fair, I haven't tried them here.\n\nMark this down as a new favorite place for us! Might try the beet salad next time, but still sticking to the ahi tacos.