I'm definitely going to need to up my heat tolerance, because this place is one hot joint!\n\n...Sorry.\n\nI used to frequent this location when it used to be Zem One (RIP.  And before you try to inform me that it simply moved locations - I know, and I stand by what I've said).  I came in feeling a tad nostalgic, but also intrigued.  Lighting, decor, and atmosphere were much brighter,happier than the previously dim sushi restaurant.\n\nWe arrived during the downtime, and were promptly seated, and served.  The wait staff were extremely friendly, accommodating and helpful with menu selection.  We ordered the house fried rice, chicken pakoras, and house sauce tiger prawn (as per the waitress' recommendation). \n\nFood came in good time and were large in portions!  The fried rice was well seasoned and had good meat portions, the pakoras were very delicious (little spicy for me, but as mentioned earlier, I need to work on that).  The tiger prawns was one of the best shrimp dishes I've had in a long time.  Too long have I been subjected to mediocre shrimp that were no larger than the tip of my thumb; these prawn were huge.  I mean, 2-bite huge. The sauce mixed very well with the rice, and added a sweet\/spicy flavoring to the meal.  I was extremely happy with this recommendation.\n\nThe only reason why I've docked a star is because of service.  As friendly as they were, there were only 2 people manning the front, with one of them (probably the boss) seemingly busy with other tasks.  The one waitress left was essentially made to serve all tables, bus all the food, clean the front station, provide drinks, etc.  Due to no fault of her own, I had to wait some time to ask for the bill, and get water refill.  And trust me, when the food is spicy, every second counts.  Eventually they provided me my own water jug (as a joke, but in seriousness, greatly appreciated).\n\nUltimately I was extremely happy with the experience I had here, and am definitely coming back.  Hopefully by then my tolerance will have increased some measure... if not I might just have to bring my own water jug!