First off, thanks to Yelpers in the recent Thai Talk threads for this find!  This Thai restaurant is listed among the top of several Yelpers who's opinion I trust.  Once again, I was not steered wrong!  I managed to get a few friends to eat family style at this Thai restaurant  this afternoon (is there any other way to eat Thai food?).  We ordered Thai Iced Tea, Tom Kha Khi, Pineapple Fried Rice, Panang with Beef, Lad Na with Pork, Garlic Chicken, and Papaya Salad.  All dishes ranged a 4-4.5 for me!\n\nThe Thai Iced Tea was not that sweet, and very bold in herbal tea flavor.  Yum.  The Tom Kha was really, really good.  While not the best in town, it was probably the dish I enjoyed the most.   It was creamy, yet savory and lightly sour at the same time.  The complexity of the flavors played off of one another brilliantly.  The mushrooms and chicken were excellently prepared as well.  \n\nMy second favorite dish was the Beef Panang (thanks, Jade!).  It had a strong, bold flavor for a Panang, with just the tiniest hint of peanut.  It was rather thick as well, and very hardy.  Mixed with the minced Garlic Chicken, it really made the lunch.  The flavor profile was one of the most complex (yet balanced) I have had for a Panang!    \n\nThe Papaya Salad and Pineapple Fried Rice were pretty good, but not completely mind blowing to me.  The Papaya Salad had an excellent balance of flavor, but both dishes were a little lack luster.  The Pineapple Fried Rice was a tad bit on the soggy side, and was just a little bit boring.  No worries though, everything else rocked!\n\nThe Lad Nah with Pork, while again not the best in town, was expertly prepared.  The gravy had a nice thick consistency with beautiful savory flavors.  With added chili peppers and fresh Chinese Broccoli, it was also one of my favorites of the meal.  \n\nOverall, this is probably the best Thai restaurant on this side of town.  Not all of the dishes wow'ed me enough to give it a 5 though, and I thought the portions were a little small.  However, if I am on this side of town and am in need of good Thai food, this will be my spot!