I'm not sure what amuses me more ... the fact that restoration hardware is made for giants or that there was literally over 20 people trying to take selfies in the showroom and pass it off as if it's their living room.  \n\nSo this absolutely crazy huge store is like a villa in Yorkdale.  With a roof top terrace to show off the summer patio loungers and fountains, museum like rooms of bathrooms and bedrooms, champagne bar AND their own full service restaurant that looks like an outdoor patio with trees ... it's just really impressive.  There are no other words for it.\n\nFor those who are not familiar with the brand... imagine a posh modern and subtle elegance of a California mansion would be like.  It's basically Restoration Hardware.  With a colour palette of only neutrals (beige, nude, dark woods, cream, and the occasional black or gold), the whole look is subdued and simple and yet quite refined.  Every room you walk into is like a magazine quality shot.  There's tons of floors and rooms for you to wander ... either to gain inspiration or drool over some gorgeous piece before getting sticker shock.  Oh yes ... beauty doesn't come cheap.\n\nYou like that dining room table ... it's $3900 without chairs.  Chairs are $400 and up ... each.  A child size little tufted family room chair is $1800.  Chandeliers are easily in the $8000 range and up.  \n\nA few of the items I did touch felt wonderfully soft though.  Where I would think it would be hard or stiff, the materials are silky and smooth.  So maybe the higher price point is kinda warranted ... maybe? \nI did like their rugs a lot.  Not sure if my toes would appreciate the extra $5000 I would pay for it.\n\nAs for service,  they did have a fair number of staff on each floor.  They greeted everyone and I think they realize most people are browsing.  That's because you need a 4000 sq ft house for most pieces.  I'm not exaggerating.  A standing closet was easily 10 ft tall.  I couldn't even teach the 4th shelf ... I'd need a ladder to teach the top shelves.  Couches are 5 cushions wide ... I could lay down and still have enough room to spread my arms out.  A sales staff did laugh with us when he overheard how I felt tiny standing beside everything.  He said that you definitely need a mansion for this stuff.  \n\nThis brings me back to the selfie takers and trying to pass this spot as your own house.  No one is gonna believe you ... the fact that you have random people walking in the back drop or you see the restaurant or another furniture setting behind you is just .... baaaad.  Even good photoshop can't save that pic.  But we saw entire families sitting on the couch and took a shot together as if they're in their living room.  Oh Toronto you're funny ... no one can afford to rent a 650 sq ft downtown condo but here you're posting selfies of your glam luxury mansion.  \n\nI've got to admit some of the pieces are beautiful and the layout does inspire you.  Perhaps if you can land the lotto max,  this would be a great stop to furnish that new mansion or ... pretend you've got one.