DO NOT USE THIS PLACE!  This review is long overdue! I paid $3K for front porcelain crowns. First of all, Dr Lopez cut my gums up soooo darn bad that I had to take antibiotics for 10 days. Second, instead of sending me out to have my teeth matched for the color of my new crowns, she chose the color herself. I said that I wanted them whiter and she insisted they would look funny and that they would not match. She put the ugliest temps on my teeth and there was Sooo much glue residue on them that it hurt to have my top lip lay on them. I was in so much pain that I had to put prescription lidocaine on my top lip just so I could sleep. I stayed home from work for 2 weeks due to pain & infection& also so nobody would see my temps. Honestly they were that ugly! Once my crowns came in I was Sooo excited. When Dr Lopez put them on me, right away I knew the color didn't match. I started to cry. I went outside and looked in the sun and still could see a difference. My own teeth are whiter!  I complained to her. I complained to the owner Greg! I honestly cried. I was so upset that I demanded to go to the place that makes their crowns and have them color match me.  I Did and was told that I was a few shades off! I was so upset that they made me new crowns. So I would have to have my first crowns taken off and new crowns put on. Omg i am so upset but was willing to go thru that pain. Once my 2nd crowns came in and the front Desk receptionist called me and told me that I would have to pay $450 for my new crowns! Are you joking? I already paid you your money. You owe me this. This was 100% your mistake Arizona Dental Service in Mesa! 100% dr Lopez fault! And You know you are at fault here. Not me! I cannot believe I trusted you & that I let you guys ruin my own beautiful front teeth. I was Sooo stupid!  And you told me that I didn't need root canals on my front teeth? That was a horrible lie on your behalf! I need them on all my front teeth. The pain is horrendous. I can't let any liquid touch them or I go thru the roof in pain! Your a horrible doctor for not doing what was right for your patient. \nAnd Now it's too late. I'm stuck with these ugly yellow crowns. I hate them! You did a terrible job. I really pray that people read this review and don't trust you to do a good job for them. I'm so sorry now that I came to this place. The saying, \" you get what you pay for!\"  Omg that saying is Sooo true! I should have just paid more money & had the job done right the first time! I thought I was saving myself a lot of money when all I was saving myself was any further dating in the future due to these ugly yellow teeth.