My first time ever at watching a magic show in Vegas. Not Lance Burton or some hokey show from David Cooperfield. Nope, I got the fortunate honor of watching a Steve Wyrick production courtesy of Las Vegas Yelper Susan R. \n\nThanks Susan!\n\nBefore I get into the show, let me point out a few nice things about this theater. The coolest thing about coming here was that they have a nice lounge bar right next to the entrance and the lobby. The lounge seats are very plushy with the nice looking leatherette covers. \n\nIn fact the seats are so nice, some folks from the Midwest decided to invade a booth seats with the whole entire family. A major no-no as the bartender notified the family to let them know in that minors are not allowed in this section. Apparently they tried to coax their way by saying that it was acceptable from their own town. \n\nYeah, Hank Hill would be proud of having his son Bobby at a local bar. People, please don't argue and do not bring your kids to the bar while you are drinking.\n\nRight before the show starts, the theater would be open to let the paying audience line up  and be led to their seats by the ushers. The theater is like an auditorium that holds five hundreds or so seat. It had the comfort of watching a live show with the comfort of close vicinity. It reminds me of watching a high school play in our little theater and this is how close each seats are to the action.\n\nIn reality, I can see a two set stage play being used if Steve Wyrick ever end his run at this theater. This is a very nice auditorium with very comfortable seats. The only thing missing is popcorn and soda drinks (not allowed). Oh yeah, obviously no photography or cell phones during the show.\n\nDuring this hour long show, the lights and sounds system are on cue and never missed any beat. The only thing I wished they might considered is the intermission for cocktails if the bar lounge isn't too far down (you'll have to climb a few flight of stairs to get to the theater seats).\n\nI won't spoiled the show for you as you will have to experienced it for yourself. The only major wow I had was the ending..... we are still puzzle on how they were able to transport a certain huge object on to the stage that quickly. \n\nLance Burton he isn't, but Steve Wyrick is the new pretty boy of Las Vegas magicians.