I found an ad in the local newspaper for a special on a cleaning; something along the lines of $138 for a complete exam\/cleaning.  I was looking forward to having it done and trying out a new dentist because I ultimately wanted to find a dentist that could replace three fillings.  I went in after making an appointment and waited an hour in a very luxurious waiting room.  When it was my turn, I was taken back to a clean exam room (with a TV) and waited for around 20 minutes.  I got up to speak with the receptionist because I was running out of time for other commitments; I hadn't realized it would take so long.  She convinced me he would be right there so I went back to the exam room and met with him.  He seemed very rushed, like he was tending to multiple patients.  He examined my teeth, took notes and was done.  I had requested information about the listed service included in the special of measuring mercury and he stated that their machine was down.   I was surprised because I thought I would receive a cleaning  and later found out that it's done through a second appointment.  This isn't listed in the advert (along with not receiving other exams even though they are listed).  When I checked out, I turned in the Dr.'s notes to his wife and she calculated a good $5,000.00 worth of work that had been advised, including the three filling cost estimate.   I had just seen my dentist in NYC and another dentist before her (was shopping around for a good dentist for 3 other fillings that are now complete) and they actually had said my teeth were in good order.  I felt this office advised me to get many unnecessary procedures done to make more money.  I said I would \"Think about it\" and now wanted to receive the cleaning that I paid for but had to set up a second appointment around my schedule of leaving the country for two weeks due to work.  I made the appointment as I had already paid the $138.  \nI went to the office a couple days ago to receive the cleaning.  There is a \"Sign-In\" sheet at the reception to check in, so I followed that instruction, said \"Hi\" to the receptionist to show her another body had just entered and sat and waited.  After 30 minutes of waiting, I got up to see if my name on the sign-in sheet had been taken and the sheet was gone; so someone acknowledged my presence.  But I waited.  And waited.  And waited.  I was on time for my appointment yet an hour later, I approached the receptionist and kindly asked if she knew how much longer it would be.  She was surprised to see me.  She said she hadn't known I was here...yet I had simply followed their sign-in procedures.  I was taken to the back where she said I would be seen immediately.  And I waited.  And waited.  And after 20 more minutes, I really had to go.  I was very disappointed that again, I was not going to have my teeth cleaned and yet leaving the country again for work until the end of the month.  \n\nThis was by far the most complicated and disappointing dentist visit I have ever had.  I approached the wife\/business owner on what happened and she had asked if she could give half the money back.  I pleaded that I had received a brief examination but had forwarded x-rays from another office and the mercury-measuring machine was down, etc.  She said I would get a full refund and got up and walked away. \n \nThroughout this whole ordeal, I had been patient and calm; there is no reason to even raise my voice and I understand mistakes happen (missing me in the waiting room).  But I felt my reserve was met with anger and resentment.  It isn't even about not receiving my dental services any more as it is that it's so sad and disappointing that people seem to be unhappy and even angry while treating others slightly inhumanely.     \n\nI almost felt that the extreme luxury \"look\" of the dental spa, the aquarium, the individual tvs in the exam chair were all to compensate for the lack of true, quality service.  I remember going to China to see a dentist and honestly, I was a bit apprehensive.  I walked into a no-frills office, it was all about dentistry.  The dentist was one of the nicest, warmest guys I've ever met.  He took time to explain everything - he seemed to LOVE his work.  I asked so many questions and he had answers.  I really respect this kind of business.  But it seems some businesses are ruled by the buck and assembly line-like systems for patients.  I would even go so far as to say the BBB should investigate the practices here due to misleading advertisements.  Still, I wish them the best and hope they can improve on their services for the sake of future happy patients and healthy teeth.\n\nI think a wise Chinese woman said it best (my mom), \"If a dentist needs to advertise \"specials\", they need patients.  The best don't need to advertise.\"