After eating a lot of great tacos in San Diego, the Toronto taco scene left me... a little sad.  I tried a fair bit of downtown spots and each was not even as good as the average decent spot in SD.  Well, turns out the best Toronto Tacos are NOT in Toronto.  They're in the suburbs.  Between El Nahual and Ay Caramba (Vaughn).  I think I picked up my 2 best authentic Tacos in Toronto so far.  As I said in the Ay Caramba review, a Toronto 5 star taco is probably a 4 or 4.5 in other places around the world.  BUT for Toronto, this is as good as it gets.  \n\nAy Caramba and El Nahual are very different and good in their own way.   If you want to feel like you're welcomed into someone's home in a nice clean and decorated spot... Ay Caramba is your spot.  If you want to feel like you're stepping into a tiny taco stand spot just off the streets in San Diego, El Nahual is your spot.  El Nahual flavours strongly reminds me of the Baja Mexico style that I liked a lot in San Diego.\n\nThe place is tiny.  We're talking only 6 stools at most and there isn't much more room other than that.  It's clean but very very sparse.  You're not really there for the atmosphere.  You're there for the food!  Service here is quiet, polite, and efficient.  There's really no interaction.  Prices are very fair.  \n\nAs for the tacos... I want to say their grilled shrimp taco is just as good as I remember in San Diego.  Really.  They don't double wrap their tacos but that's ok.  Ay Caramba really brings the heat up in their sauces and tacos compared to El Nahual.  I think they're more of a central Mexican style with chillis playing more of a central ingredient.  El Nahual is more focused on on variety of ingredients in the taco but lets the natural flavours shine instead of dousing it with too much sauce.  El Nahual's hot sauce is quite mild... I would dare say super mild.\n\nGrilled Shrimp Taco - This is the real deal.  Baja style where the shrimp is cooked tender and still have that juicy bounce as you bite through.  It's wrapped in the crispy grilled garlic cheese that just compliments the shrimp really well.  Topped with cilantro, cabbage, and a tiny bit of onions, it's more of a nuanced flavour instead of super bold.  The avocado salsa adds a creamy texture that contrasts the crisped cheese. This was so good and shrimp were plentiful and a good size.  5\/5\n\nAl Pastor - The large chunk of grilled fresh pineapple was the nice sweet flavour contrast to the rich pork that has been roasted with chilies, spices, and achiote.  Similar to the Shrimp taco, it had the drizzle of avocado salsa, cilantro, and a tiny bit of onion.  I found the pork super tender and the grilled pineapple had the right sweetness to it.  4.5\/5\n\nCarnitas - Another great pork taco but this time, it had a more meatier pork taste as its was braised slow in it's own fat.  Even more tender than the Al Pastor... if that is even possible.  I found this very flavourful and liked how they used pickled daikon to break up the richness of it.  4.5\/5\n\nVeggie - I loved this one and I think it's cause of the crispy cheese!   The crispy cheese almost became a second taco shell as it curved around the cooked mushrooms, peppers, and onions.  There was a good flavour of umami from the mushrooms.  The addition of the pickled carrot and daikon was nice... could have used more for my preference but overall, very good vegetarian one!   4.5\/5\n\nBefore I forget, you can check in for a freebie of chips and dip.  The dip is super mild in flavour (avocado salsa?) but the chips are a good crunch to get you hungry.  \n\nI was completely surprised on the flavours and how authentic it was to my memory of San Diego and Baja style tacos.  I think this is a hidden gem in plain site but seeing that it has a growing number of 5 star reviews, you can't keep a good place down.  If you love tacos, skip the downtown spots and head north... you'll find Toronto's best there.