I must say I was very excited when I heard a Korean BBQ place offering All You Can Eat was opening up in the area. So excited that I'd frequently pass by and peak in the window to see if they were open. It's basically near Serenade, Gelatology, and Rice n Noodles on south Rainbow.\n\nWell the good news is that they're now open and for all of us in the area or South West in general no more long drives to Chinatown to indulge in AYCE Korean BBQ only to be stuck in a food coma and worrying about getting home.  The bad news is that service needs improvement but understandable for a new business. Not that they were mean or anything. They just needed an occasional nudge or reminder that we ordered something and never got it, we need more food or water, etc. They came around to change the grill too often and they were pretty slow at bringing food out. \n\nThey have 3 AYCE options Lunch $16.95, Dinner I $19.95, and Dinner II $23.95 basically the only difference besides the price and time of day is you're adding boneless short ribs with Dinner I and  you're adding that and ONE ORDER PER PERSON of a 6-8 oz rib eye prime with Dinner II. They'll bring out some sides like kim chi to start but you'd have to pay extra for more. \n\nI wanna say they don't have to many selections with 5 beefs (brisket, tongue, bulgogi, boneless shortribs, and rib eye), 4 porks (two pork bellies, shoulder, and bulgogi), 2 chickens (spicy or mild bulgogi), and 2 seafoods (head on shrimp and squid). I enjoyed the beef short ribs, pork shoulder, and red wine pork belly. Everything else was ok. \n\nYou don't have to eat AYCE but it seems like pretty much once you buy 2 orders of meat you've paid for AYCE.\n\nThe interior is nice. The vent system they have is good at sucking all the smoke out but because it's low and right above the grill it's in the way. You can't really see the person in front of you without looking under or around the vent. I guess it's good if you're by yourself and don't want everyone else to see you.