Let me just state this to be clear: I have been here multiple times and I would typically give it 4 solid stars, but today I wish Yelp can give negative stars. I start this review by stating I will never, ever come back to the Bistro - Kitchen all the way! \n\nMy husband & I got here at noon on the nose today and though it was pretty packed, we got seated quickly towards the back. A few minutes later a screaming baby came in - that should have been our sign to haul ass out of there but we were starved. \n\nBoth of us ordered the same dish, the red curry with tofu, just at different spice levels - mine a 2, his an 8 (I don't even know how he does that, but I digress!) and very clearly, as the lunch specials have starters with meat typically, tell the waitress that if any starters have meat in them, please don't bring them. She repeats, \"No meat!\" and goes off to the kitchen. \n\nOrdering is almost 10 minutes into our sitting in the restaurant. During this time, a party of 7 come in (the ones with the kid screaming like a banshee notating our exact location in hell), and the couple next to us have left and have been replaced by another two guys. \n\nStill waiting. \n\nThe guys next to us get served. And leave. And still no food and hardly any sign of our waitress. Around the 12:40 mark she comes out and says it'll be just another minute and half apologizes while trying to scurry away from our table. \n\n12:43, our meal finally hits the table. Guess what folks? Both are red curries - with chicken. HOW DID SHE NOT NOTICE THIS?! It took a single glance to realize it was chicken - their tofu is very distinct and looks nothing like chicken. After a minute of disbelief, I have to flag down the waitress who assures me she said tofu - oh really?? Well it does not matter what you said but that's not what came out and you should have you know, looked at the dish you were about to serve. She apologized, ran back and served our spring rolls that came with the lunch while we waited. After 10 minutes she also offered some Thai tea but we were both not in the mood - I just wanted to eat and unfortunately this gesture did not make up for the fact that our food was late and she couldn't even glance down at the food she was serving. \n\nWe finally get our correct dishes at 1 PM. The curry is decent as usual, but we were so ridiculously disappointed by this point and the busy restaurant we came into was completely cleared out. Yes, the party of 7 had left before we got our second dish. \n\nThis kind of issue is completely inexcusable and I am sincerely amazed that they even bothered to give us a check after waiting so long AND screwing up BOTH orders. I really love their curries and their willingness to cater to vegans, but if this were my first time here I might have actually tried to eat the curry and I can guarantee I would have had a fit of epic proportions. \n\nThe only good thing to come out of this is I'm going to learn to make Thai food at home. Goodbye Thai Bistro, you will never see my face again.