Surprised my boyfriend with dinner here this past Saturday for his birthday. We made reservations for 7:30 and requested a table by the window. We were 5 minutes late because we had to stop by the ATM which, by the way, is located right at the foot of the escalator by security. We were greeted by the hostesses and manager who were all friendly. The dining room itself was a lot smaller than I had expected. They were able to accommodate our request and we were seated at a beautiful 2 top with a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains. Water glasses were immediately filled and a bread basket magically appeared with 3 accompaniments: citrus infused olive oil, eggplant spread and my fav, mascarpone cheese... way better than boring butter! Like everyone has already mentioned the bread basket was delish! We also got a bottle of red wine for a great price, $75. We shared everything and for some of the dishes they were actually able to split it in 2 so it would be easier to share! This was my first time tasting fresh pasta and you can most certainly taste a difference. There's a specific bite and texture that can't be compared to that dry stuff at the grocery... \n\n-Raw Yellow tail: 4 very fresh pieces!!! Love the salt sprinkled on it. And the pieces were actually pretty thick and not some skimpy thin little things.\n-Creamy Polenta with truffled mushrooms: Perfect balance of creamy and sweet. I liked it because it was more like a soup for me haha\n-Braised Short ribs with Risotto: tender chunks of beef. Tasted like this Korean short rib dish that I love. \n-Duck & Foie Gras Ravioli: My favorite dish of the night. It was so decadent and delicious. If you don't like the taste of strong cheese, you will not like this dish. The sweet Marsala sauce paired perfect with it.\n-Spaghetti: I'm sure some people have a problem spending $25 on a small plate of spaghetti but it definitely is something everyone should taste at least once. Light, fresh sauce with perfectly aldente pasta... It is because of this dish alone my boyfriend had been wanting to come to Scarpetta. He has made this recipe a couple times for me and I'm sorry to say but my boyfriend's spaghetti tastes exactly the same.. if not better. But then again my opinion may be biased HAHA\n-NY Strip Steak: It was a mistake ordering this because we were so full. We had to force ourselves to finish this dish HAHA At $55 though I didn't think the steak was THAT amazing.. It actually had some unwanted gristle on it. But I'm sure it would have tasted a lot better had we not been SO full. \n\nI really wanted to get dessert for him and they were going to do something special for us but we were already so late for our show and not to mention so beyond STUFFED.. We had to run out of there... literally, we ran out of there! \n\nService was amazing all night from our server all the way down to the lady who came around with parmesan cheese and chili flakes. But special shout-out to Paul K...the friendly food runner\/expo who was so polite and quite knowledgeable about all of the food. \n\nTHANKS SCARPETTA! \nSCOTT CONANT, YOU ARE HOT \n;ppp