3\/2\/11\n\nI've wanted to try this place since a coworker suggested it to me back in December.  I trusted his judgment since he also mentioned liking Pomo, which I've bookmarked to try a LONG time ago, when Yelp was all a-buzz about how great the pies were THERE.  I could never locate Jimmy & Joe's though, when I was hungry for pizza.  I'd always see the sign from the road when I had just eaten, or was on my way to another restaurant, but today I actually wrote down the cross-streets so that I would finally get to try their Gourmet cheese.\n\nSince I usually get a cheesy no-sauce pizza, I try to get my veggies in by either adding aritchokes or, even better, asparagus (extremely rare to find at pizza joints, but I have ordered pizzas w\/ it before!), but today I decided I'd have a Greek salad, which included mixed greens and romaine lettuce, chopped tomatoes, pitted whole kalamata olives, sliced red onion, and feta.  I was very hungry, which might have prejudiced me into really enjoying the salad.  It was so HUGE!  Even after I had more than my fill of it, there was still so much left-- it almost looked like I hadn't touched it!  I found the feta to be creamy enough not to use much of the delicious blue cheese salad dressing.  Warning: I thought that all of the saltiness I detected came from the olives.  I was wrong-- a lot of it came from the feta itself, which I detected later on, when I had more of the salad after arriving home.  Just thought I'd warn you, in case this was an important issue...\n\nThe pizza arrived about 15 minutes after I ordered it.  First thing that struck me is that it had tomato sauce on it!!  What??  I wondered what made me think it was going to be all-cheese?  Oh, well.  The chunks of ricotta looked promising, so I let the matter of the sauce go.  I initially thought the crust was going to be perfectly-crisped, but I very soon found out that this pizza is VERY doughy!  Whatever crunch I found didn't last very long.  The sauce was also VERY salty-- a fact that another coworker highlighted when I told him I didn't care for the pizza at Jimmy & Joe's.  We actually chimed \"It's too salty\" in stereo!  I found that funny :)  The different cheeses (mozz, ricotta, provolone, and parmesan) didn't really translate into great flavor, either.  There was too miuch stringy mozzarella, and I couldn't even taste the provolone.  This pie had \"FAIL\" all over it!  \n\nAt least dessert was OK- I really wanted to try the chocolate cake, but since no one had the ingredient info, I had to pass on it, and instead, I went for the Grandma's Black Cookie, which was essentially a chocolate chip cookie w\/ walnuts and oatmeal.  This cookie was so big, it spanned the whole length of my open hand!  I really enjoyed its flavors, as well as its textures- crunchy outside and moist and chewy interior.  A bit too salty in the end, though, but it tasted really great accompanied by a cup of \"super-charged,\" yet burnt Circle K coffee just around the corner...\n\nCustomer service was friendly enough, if a little ill-prepared when it came to answering some of my questions: Are the veggies used fresh or canned?  \"Don't know.\"  (Although the kitchen was able to answer, after I'd asked the girl at the counter to go and ask.)  Are the salad dressings made in-house?  \"No.  Everything's from a bottle, but we do make our own BBQ sauce.\"  O-K...  If you sign up for their emails, you can get coupons or SMS texts to use at J&J's.  However, good deals won't get me to stop at J&J's for a second time.  Sorry, but w\/ so many other delicious options out there, I will have to pass J&J by!