Solid four stars for me. Blue Ribbon Fried Chicken has always been spot that been on my radar. I was in fried chicken kind of mood and decided it was time come get me some Blue Ribbon style. I heard mostly good things about the place and one general debate hearing is the fried chicken at Brooklyn Bowl (rumors heard is the kitchen is changing ownership) or Blue Ribbon Fried Chicken some of the best you can get in Vegas. I have had Brooklyn Bowl fried chicken talk about tasty fried chicken. Blue Ribbon is just as good!!\n\nOn my first visit went with the original The Blue Ribbon Sandwich. I figure probably good idea start with something that been stable on the menu for years?? It was awesome! Not often I rave about simple fried chicken sandwich. There nothing ordinary about this chicken sandwich. Sure your paying more then your mass market cheap chicken sandwich. Always one that believe you get what your pay for comes too food. Sure it not cheap sandwich but then again not going take you to the bank. It filling sandwich. The fried chicken is nice size, the breading and batter was amazing (fried chicken only good as the breading in my mind), the bread solid, and the dressing brought it all together. The breading. I love it! Not heavy, breading is well seasoned, nice crispy, light, and perfect balance cause the chicken pieces are full pieces. The gravy fries was the only thing that not a fan. Maybe not use Jersey style gravy fries. The gravy not thick brown gravy lighter gravy. They kick it up notch with paprika or cayenne or some seasoning give it kick. Put it this way the second visit made sure got regular fries. \n\nMy second visit went for the 2 piece tenders. Talk about two huge tenders. Maybe cause am use to Raising Cane style chicken tenders. These tenders look like they were on steroids. Seriously! They were delicious. Talk about fries. The fries dwarfed the chicken tenders hard to believe but really had that much fries. The coleslaw thought was ok. Nothing that stood out came to the flavor. \n\nThe sauces......I really enjoy that on every table have all sauces at your disposal. The only one never tried was the barbecue. It eating fried chicken need to stick too the stable different honey or hot sauce. Wasabi honey was my least favorite. I never tasted hint of wasabi. The chipotle honey was awesome and the hibiscus honey that was the star for me. The habanero hot sauce was solid. \n\nThe menu selection has a nice diversity. Plus not often see fast food kind of look that serves beer on draft. More less can order by the pitcher if you want either PBR or Fat Tire. Also offer red and white wine. The soda fountain is different with cane based sodas. If looking for your coke or pepsi not going get it. I enjoy the fact had cream soda from fountain station. \n\nThe service was awesome both times.