Disappointing to say the least.\n\nI've been to Vegas more times than I can remember and had my fair share of Vegas clubs. We wanted to try out Omina during our most recent visit last weekend. It's one of the newest clubs in Vegas right now so we figured why the heck not.\n\nSave yourself the wait and trouble by BUYING PRESALE. I've veteran-ed  Vegas enough times and getting presale is the way to go. Seriously people. If you go to Vegas, you should be able to afford a $20-30 cover charge. When I was much younger and more naive, we used to do the whole club promoter, get us in the club free type of ordeal. You'll find yourself wasting a buttload of time standing in line when you can be inside enjoying yourself. $20 for girls and $30 for guys is pretty much buying you guaranteed access into whatever club you are intending to go to and in a timely manner. They have a separate line for pre-sales so we were able to take our sweet time getting ready, pregamed and got to the club close to 11pm. It took us no more than 5-10 minutes to get into the club. \n\nDrinks are expensive. A Jagerbomb and Redbull vodka (non topshelf vodka) came out to be $48 something just to give you an idea of drink prices. \n\nVENUE. It is nice but since they pack so many people in, its seriously hard to get around. I didn't even bother to go to the dance floor in the main room because people looked crammed up together like sardines. We found a nice area to the front side of the DJ booth next to a gogo dancer pod. They did have a outdoor terrace which didn't seemed packed with people and had actual dancing room. Too bad it was actually cooler inside the club than it was outdoors. They have cool lights and chandeliers that go up and down. Acrobatic dancers that come from the ceiling and spins around on an umbrella. It's a nice club but honestly, nothing wowing. I thought it was actually going to be much bigger but it wasn't.  \n\nWe were really there to see their headlining DJ who was Nicky Romero that night. We got there at 11pm and waited til almost 2am and no signs of Nicky. SERIOUSLY?! I've been to many other events in which all of the headlining DJ's would come out at a more reasonable time which is usually 12-12:30am and that's considered running late. Got tired of waiting so we decided to leave around 2am. Not sure if Nicky Romero ever even showed up but it's ridiculous for the club to headline someone to be there and not even have them come at a reasonable time. If i knew this was going to happen, I would've saved my clubbing for Steve Aoki at Hakkasan the next night. Whoever was Djing from 1am-2am that night sucked. When we were looking around, nobody was even dancing. \n\nTheir bouncers walk around with go-go dancers acting like they are escorting some famous celebrity or the president. They won't let you lean on the raised area of where the go-go dancer dance even if you're literally 4 feet away from where they are even dancing. I don't have a 4 foot arm span so I won't be able to touch her even if I wanted to.\n\nOverall experience. I was extremely disappointed because they did not deliver what they advertised. Drinks where whatever. Redbull vodka was watered down and they were stingy with the Redbull in my Jagerbomb. They allowed way too many people into the venue considering their size. Too packed and almost impossible to walk around, nonetheless dance. +1 star for the cool lighting effects and chandelier in the main room but other than that I'd likely pass. They did get the presale folks into the club very quickly though. That allowed us to hit up the bar and secure a good spot in the venue before the crazy guestlist line came in.