Not the best nor the worst dining experience that I've had in Vegas. This restaurant is located in the Mandalay Place right on the Strip.\n\nI have been to this spot two different times and have experience the good and the bad that comes with dining out. First time I came here, I was here with family during dinner time.We came here to get a bite to eat as we had been drinking and needed to sober up.\n\nWe shared a pizza and a Caesar Salad. The Caesar salad was different from any other one of its kind that I've ever had. Made with romaine, broccoli, croutons and their house Caesar dressing, which in my opinion of of the best tasting dressing I've had!!! Topped with fried anchovies, grilled lemon and fresh Parmesan. Cost $11.95. The portion was big enough to share among four adults. We also shared a 18-inch Nonna's Margherita pizza, which is made of fresh mozzarella cheese and fresh basil. Not the best, but not the worst. Flavor was good, but it was dry. This cost $29.95.\n\nSecond time I came, I came during lunchtime. This time, we had to wait as there were so many people. I waited about 20-25 minutes before I was seated. I was seated toward the back at a tiny table with hardly any elbow space. To make things easy, I and my guest decided on just getting waters as it took forever for our waiter to get to us. Upon looking over the menu, my guest decided on the Delitalino sandwich, which is made of imported Itailian meats of cappicola, salami and ham. Along with provolone cheese, tomatoes, onions, pickles, romaine lettuce and seasoned with dried oregano and Italian dressing. It came with a side salad of their choice. Cost $14. I ordered the Scotty's Chicken sandwich with a side garden salad. The sandwich was made of a grilled chicken breast, which was so tender and moist. Topped with a roasted tomato, pickle, basil pesto, fontina cheese and jalapeño bacon. The garden salad was made of spring lettuce mix, cherry tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions and edamane. Seasoned with an Italian dressing, which I replaced with ranch. Their ranch dressing here is so delicious!! This also cost $14. Both sandwiches and salads were amazing. Which almost made up for the lack of service we received during this visit. \n\nCon's:\n1. This place is so popular that there is always a line of people waiting to eat here. The tables don't get cleared off quick enough to accommodate the the customers.\n2. It is always so loud. Don't come here if you want an intimate experience or want to be able to actually have a conversation with your guest without having to yell.\n3. During popular hours, don't expect to get great customer service. I feel like for the amount of people that come thru here, they never have enough staff working. Our waiter had a huge section all to himself and was running around crazy trying to take orders and make sure his customers were satisfied, but in the process, I had to wait forever to get my lunch and for him to bring my check to me. \n\nI would come back again, as the food is really good here.