The only reason that this theatre is getting 2 stars and not 1, is due to the ticket prices and that's it. Also, I want to add one thing about the prior reviewer stating that the refreshments at this theatre are cheaper; it's simply not true. Even if there is a certain item that is cheaper, the small sizes of everything they sell are a complete rip off. \n\nYeah, so anyways; Let's start off with the militant old woman that runs this hole of a place. Her friendliness reeks disingenuous as she greets you, and then gets on her walkie-talkie to radio the undercover creeps at this theatre watching your every move. She states to them how many tickets were purchased and for what film. Yes, I feel justified calling these people creeps, because that is exactly what they are, creepy. You are treated like a criminal upon entering this theatre, or maybe they just profile people like me, that look different. Either way, there is no excuse for this place. \n\nSo on to the concession stand were we paid $4 for a pretzel with cheese. Thank God there was cheese because this nasty, huge, tasteless piece of microwaved dough in plastic, tasted horrible. We also bought a medium Pepsi and a small popcorn which all totaled about $11. The amount of soda was that of a can and the popcorn had some weird generic taste to it. The girl working the stand also came off as disingenuous. I just can't stand fake smiles. \n\nSo here is the kicker of it all; I go back out to the concession stand before the movie and ask for a courtesy cup. They charge me 25 cents on top of what we already paid! That's not the kicker though. Are you ready for this? She has the AUDACITY to ask me what the cup was for...? Are you splitting popcorn or your pop? Uhhh? Are you serious! She's lucky I was in a good mood, that's all I can say. I should of ripped her head off verbally. This place has no right to ask such things. None what so ever! Let's move on.\n\nThe theatres are actually very small and that of the 90's. If you sit behind someone then you won't be able to see. There is also a very odd, mild scent of dirty toilets that lingers through the theatres. This is the third time I have been to this cinema, and the people there always talk and are rude during the film. You would think they would monitor the auditoriums also, but no such luck. What I thought was really hilarious, was the amount of people who had snuck stuff in. You heard all kinds of pop cans and bags opening exactly as the previews started. So it looks as if all their Barney Fife tactics fail in the end.\n\nLast but not least, they have plain clothed people standing around hiding their walkie-talkies when the theatres let out, to ensure no one sneaks into another film. They stare at you, as if they are mentally warding you off.\n\nSo needles to say at this point, this theatre is HORRIBLE. I only recommend going if you are dirt broke and want to see a new release. If you're not broke, go somewhere else and spend the extra 2 dollars; Because this place is not worth it.\n\nP.S. What movie theatre has Pepsi over Coke? That's just un-American.\n\nP.S.S. I changed my mind...1 star.\n\nP.S.S.S. These other reviewers are either simply delusional, liars or were paid off. This theatre is atrocious and should be condemned.