So you've seen the documentary Jiro Dreams of Sushi? Well I've been regretting never having heard of Jiro when I visited Ginza. Definitely had my way with the food in Japan but still...regret. Anyway, imagine my excitement when I heard of Kabuto. And here in Las Vegas! The chefs supposedly hail from the same sushi community as Jiro. Not the same in notoriety but I bet that they take the same pride in their craft. Kabuto claims the fish is just about as fresh, if not fresher, than Jiro's and without the heftier price tag. So if you are a true lover of fish (not the AYCE-sauce-up-my-rolls kind), Kabuto is the real deal.\n\nThe place was a bit hard to find since it does not have an overhead sign. It's a small sushi bar that only seats up to 18 people so I would suggest making reservations. Ordered the omakase which at $80 a person, is a great value for the freshest fish in town. The menu varies depending on what assortment of fish is fresh that day. The bar is at table level so you can actually watch your seafood being selected and prepared. What makes this place stand out even more is that there's no clunky refrigerating system at the bar. The produce is in a case which I can only describe as a large box of fishy goodness. \n\nThe meal began with an aperitif of cold sake homemade by the head sushi chef. I was told it contains very little alcohol and is aged for a minimum of six months. There are several rotating flavors and I had peach that evening. Light and sweet, a perfect start to my meal. \nOmakase also includes an appetizer, sashimi, 10 pieces of nigiri, miso soup and dessert. The  sashimi plate had 4 different types of fresh fish. Eat the light fish first and make your way to the darker meat. Each masterfully-made nigiri is meant to be eaten as soon as it is served. Everything that was set in front of me was absolutely divine but the standouts of the evening were the chu-toro (medium fatty tuna) and the anago (sea eel). Both just melt in your mouth. How do I end my already fabulous meal with a bang? Strawberry crepe. Nuff said.