I'd been waiting for this place to open after driving by and seeing it under construction and it was certainly worth the wait.  I love that it's close to home, it's not a main stream, worldwide chain and the food offerings are unique and the atmosphere on point.  Now, I don't know who designed and decorated this place but I stand and give you applause for your wonderful sense of style and the \"I don't ever want to leave\" atmosphere you have created. Although we did get a chance to sit and relax a bit while we waited for our order, we weren't able to take in the \"I don't want to leave\" part because I was in a rush to get home.  We ordered the Dr. Bruce Banner smoothie and the Vegan Milanesa sandwich.\nThe organic smoothie was perfect, even my 6 year old enjoyed it. It has spinach, kale, pineapple, spirulina and apple juice.  The only \"issue\" I had was the price.  The price is a bit steep at $9.00(16oz) for me to consume on a regular basis. The 24oz in this drink is $12.00. Prices range from $7.50 to $12.50.  If you can afford that on a regular basis, it's delicious and if your pockets agree, it's worth it.\nThe vegan milanesa is described on the menu as having avocado, arugula, heirloom tomatoes and spicy cashew aioli.  Now what they failed to mention, is that there's a \"chicken\" cutlet on the sandwich.  When I got home, this cutlet looked like real chicken and since the menu doesn't mention a vegan cutlet, I thought that somehow they accidentally put it on there. The look was spot on for real chicken. I called and the gentlemen over the phone said it was vegan and they just assumed, since people know what milanesa is, they would just know.  Now I know what it is but I thought it was odd that you would just leave that off the description.  It's kind of presumptuous assuming that people will just know they didn't actually get a piece of chicken on their vegan sandwich.  He did say they'd note it and so hopefully when they reprint the menus they'll just add it on there. Why not?\n Despite all that, it was incredibly delicious and at $8.50 for a vegan sandwich with great bread and ingredients, it was priced spot on.  So clearly, not everyone can spend over 17 bucks with tax on a sandwich and a smoothie, thus the 4 stars. There was a yelp check in offer of 15% off so that brought it down to $15 bucks and some change. Still a bit steep but understandable considering the quality of the ingredients and likely the high rent they have to pay.\nI will go back for sure but due to my wallet set up, not as often as I'd like.  So, if your wallet is being nice to you right now and your budget is as big as President Trumps golfing budget, 5 stars, all the way!\n\nNow go there as often as you can so we can keep this gem of a  business in business. A true asset to the neighborhood.\n\nThat is all!