I hope the owner reads the bad reviews and takes it to improve because my recent visit was just....bad. I recently received some kind of flyer in the mail or advertisement about this place and got excited right away. Even if I wasn't too happy with the ice cream, the flyer advertised boba... we definitely need a boba spot in the area so off we go to try this place. \n\nFirst off, the area was not the nicest area but the signage was pretty ghetto. Then we walk in and pretty much the same theme. Ghetto. They painted the walls green and pretty much called it a day. The ice cream station didn't look like you were excited to try their ice cream. There were three customers: all three had no ice cream in front of them. Two were sitting down on a computer (maybe free wifi?) and then maybe the owner because he was sitting alone on his phone, so not really a customer. \n\nThe two employee girls were gossiping and talking to each other like they were hanging out and there was a young kid behind the counter (possibly a relative). Just so unwelcoming. \n\nAnyway, one of the girls recommends the \"Cookie Monster\" as it is the most popular flavor. I have no idea how that is when 1) they just opened and 2) you have 11 yelp reviews and I think one maybe two referenced the Cookie Monster. I decide to pick that without the blue dye. My hubby and I decided to share. It's supposed to be Oreo cookie ice cream with whip cream for over $6. I noticed on their menu that boba is not listed so I am assuming no boba?\n\nThey slather so much whip cream that you barely see the ice cream. I took one bite and it was awful. It didn't taste like Oreo ice cream. I took additional two or three bites and decided to quit. I ain't eating this amount of calories for something that doesn't even taste good! You crazy?! My hubby thought the same thing. It wasn't good and we threw half of it away. \n\nWe won't be back anytime soon unless they start serving boba and I see reviews that the boba is good...so, start serving boba please. Boba! Boba! Boba!