Every time I come here to Whole Foods, er, I mean Earth Fare, I'm reminded of exactly how I'm more yuppie than hipster no matter how much I fight it. I couldn't tell you if buying from places like this actually does any good or not but it makes me feel a little better. I'm not ready for the commitment of sponsoring a child in Uganda but I certainly can handle splurging on cage-free eggs.\n\nWhole Foods, damn it, I mean Earth Fare is your typical surreal yuppie-esque food orgy complete with everything you could ever want to help alleviate the guilt associated with eating. It's all no antibiotics, free range, organic, no high fructose corn syrup, grass fed, sustainably raised, pesticide free, recycled, reused and responsible. The produce is technicolor fresh, there are always plenty of samples to nosh on and if you've ever wondered what $15\/lb free trade coffee smells like now's your chance. This Whole Foods, sheesh, there I go again, Earth Fare is clean, well-lit and stocked to the gills with enough food to feed a third world country for months. It's good to live in America, no? Or maybe I should feel ashamed? Hell, I just don't know anymore.\n\nOn the downside, and I'm sure this will come as no surprise to anyone out there, this stuff is expensive when compared to its Giant Eagle cousin. You'll pay $2 for an organic banana or $12\/lb for tree-hugger certified ground bison, but you'll feel better for doing it, right? Yeah, I'm a sucker for these places, but I couldn't possibly afford to buy all of my food here. I mainly come here for produce and meat and save the rest for the more realistically priced grocery stores. After all, I can get Kashi pretty much anywhere. I do like to bring in my Whole Food bags, though. It's nice to remind them where they got their idea from. I hate to like it but I do.\n\nIf you wander all the way to the back there's a little (and I mean little) basket of single beers you can purchase. More places should sell beer by the bottle a la World Market.