What is there to love about Toby Keith's Bar & Grill? Not a whole lot.\n\nMy family and I had dinner at TK's last night as an alternative to Guy Fieri's who 1. Doesn't take reservations and 2. Wanted us to wait 2 hours to eat. Ha ha! No thanks Guy. And BTW - no reservations? Come on.\n\nFirst TK's has a fun atmosphere, but looks like a normal 'ol bar and grill. The walls are decorated with Toby Keith... things, and all the girls wear panties and chaps. Ass in your face every time your server leaves your table. Speaking of service, it could be improved. After we were seated we waited a good 10 minutes to put our order in, luckily, since we all had sufficient time we all knew what we wanted to eat and drink.\n\nOnward to the food - steak fajitas, which came out sizzling and made me excited. But when were placed in front of me were a let down. The beef was haphazardly cut and chunky, not strips. Plus the meat was not seasoned in anyway and it looked just WRONG to me. Fajitas come with your choice of corn or flour tortillas. I picked corn - half of them were not steamed enough and had hard edges. They brought them out in a tortilla holder with NO LID. What the heck? No wonder it did not steam all the way. Dear manager of TK's: put lids on your tortilla holders and customers will get tortillas that are soft! My fajitas also came with: rice (OK), refried beans (OK), salsa (not spicy at all), guac (OK), and sour scream (OK). Overall what could be a great dish, only mediocre.\n\nNext - \"I Love This Bar\" BBQ Sandwich - my mother requested no sides for her sandwich, but they brought her fries anyway. She said the BBQ sandwhich could use more BBQ sauce. \n\nChicken Fried Steak - My brother had this and said it was so-so, not a REAL chicken fried steak in my family's opinion because it didn't appear to be pan-fried, which is the honest way to make a chicken fried steak - not deep frying it with a lot of breading. Speaking of breading...\n\nMy husband's fish and chips were mostly breading which he peeled off so he could actually eat the fish.\n\nLastly, the shrimp appetizer which my father ordered for his meal came with a HUGE amount of deep fried little shrimp. There had to have been 20 and it came with a tasty, creamy cajun-flavored dipping sauce. I really liked the shrimp.\n\nOverall - I feel as though there could be a lot of improvement. I like Toby Keith. I like the idea of the restaurant - I really like all the country music they were playing, but the food was a huge downer.