Picture it...America 1994...you are 8. Or so. You are in your parents garage fumbling for your Rugrats bike helmet. There are ghosts of Christmases and anniversaries past all around. Unopened Sharper Image boxes..karaoke machines..fondue sets...it sort of registers, but not really. \n Until it's 2016, you are a full grown adult turned loose on Freemont street with two weeks of pay and not a care in the world. \n Here we go. To you it's a whole new concept and boy oh boy, what is this witchcraft on a fork. People my age are like- is this Melting Pot? Mom?...\n What makes all of it work is unlimited wine. After a first Instagram\/FB\/Yelp post I don't think anyone cares if it's served in a faux baby bottle or in Baccarat crystal. Everyone is having a good time.\n Now seriously. The place is a tiny landing strip of a restaurant. Cute patio bar out back.\n It's fondue, so it goes like this. $25 gets you steak or shrimp. For beef- you get a platter with a handful of raw beef, pot of piping hot oil (ewe), pickled vegetables, and mayonnaise based sauces (yuck). And bread. \n For shrimp- there is a cute ramekin full of oh, medium-ish shrimp, bubbling hot seasoned water reminiscent of shrimpin' dippin' broth and sauces that are pretty much soy sauce cut with wasabi or ginger. \n Each comes with unlimited wine. Red or white?\n So it's like this. If there are two if you, get beef and shrimp, but for the love of God, turn away the bubbling pot of oil and mayonnaise sauces. Stick with hot water and soy sauce that comes alongside shrimp. Cook your beef in that, or eat it raw and save yourself death by canola oil and mayo. \n Lastly. Drink your wine. Drink your partner's wine. Check out the bar on the patio. Have fun, you and the wine bottle.\n For someone in late 30's and up- it's fondue. Tried and passé. \n Like Korean BBQ. Or Shabu Shabu. One Hot Pot. \n For those vaguely aware of an unopened fondue set circa 1992 in their parents garage it's a hip, mysterious 5 star experience. Go for it.