A spa day at Qua is definitely in order if you need to detox, relax and recharge in Vegas!\n\nOn Friday night, my upper back started to feel really strained. I could feel a huge knot on my right side, which was so aggravating that I had to take Advil to ease the pain. I needed some major massaging asap. \n\nFortunately, the girls and I had already planned on going to Qua Saturday afternoon to use their spa facilities for $45. I called them in the morning to see if there were any massage appointments available, and luckily, they had one at 1pm. I opted for the 50 minute Swedish massage, which cost a hefty $140. I really needed the massage, so price didn't really matter.\n\nSamantha was my therapist, and she was extremely pleasant, and worked her magic hands. I told her about the problem area, and she made sure to spend more time working on it. I'm not sure if it was the soothing environment of the treatment room, her technique, the fact that I hadn't gotten a proper night's sleep in days, or a combination of all three, but sometime during my massage, I fell asleep. It was just so relaxing. When I woke up, the massage was nearing the end. When it was finally over, I got up and I really felt that the tension in my back had melted away. Samantha was a miracle worker!\n\nI found the girls relaxing like goddesses in the Roman Baths. Jessica had actually fallen asleep on the surprisingly comfortable thermal stone deep relaxation chaise and Nicole was in the Tepidarium pool, with warm mineral-enriched waters. I decided to start in the steamroom, which helped with my sinuses and relaxed my muscles even more. After several minutes inside, I went into the Arctic Room to cool off. The foamy \"snow\" falling from the ceiling was a cool effect. I then joined the girls and took a dip in the hot Caldarium pool and let the jets pound against my back. The waterfall also helped soothe my muscles. It was exactly what I needed!\n\nThe spa itself is one of the most gorgeous ones I've ever been to, and at 50,000 sq. ft., it's extremely spacious. There's a separate mens spa wing on the opposite side, so guys can enjoy the baths like gods as well. Everything is super clean, as attendants are constantly cleaning out towel and trash bins. The staff was very friendly, and one even recommended some clubs to hit up that night and gave us names of people to hook us up. Qua helped us in more ways than one!