This bar is within walking distance from the condo I share with my boyfriend. With that being said, we frequent this place often as it is extremely convenient if you just want to grab a quick drink after work. A few nights ago we went with one of our great friends Brande to get some Moscow Mules after a long dreadful week at work. Our \"mules\" were cringe worthy. They seemed to be lacking the one main ingredient that makes the drink a Moscow Mule, ginger beer. I noticed something green in my drink that was not a lime slice, in fact it was a mint leaf. Last time I checked a Moscow Mule did not contain mint. Since we had walked all that way we managed to get the drink down and decided to give it a second chance. After ordering our second Mule, AFTER the bar tender had made the drinks, they decided to let us in on the secret. THEY WERE OUT OF GINGER BEER. We decided to write that night off as a fluke and continued on with the night. Last night we decided to give 92nd St Café a chance to redeem themselves. Brande called ahead to see if they had replenished the ginger beer. She was told \"yes\". Per usual we made the walk to 92nd St to start our night. Much to our dismay, our mules once again were missing a main ingredient, ginger beer. This was a frustrating moment as we had taken measures to ensure this would not happen. We returned the drinks and decided to take our business elsewhere. Now this is where the story gets interesting. While outside waiting for our cab, which I will note we had already called, we were discussing how dissatisfied we were with our second experience of not receiving what we had ordered. Another bar tender was outside on the patio enjoying a cigarette and had eavesdropped on our conversation. Taking the matter into her own hands, she went back to high school, and told Tommi what she thought was said. Tommi came outside and in front of a patio full of other customers, which in my opinion is extremely unprofessional, she proceeded to yell vulgar comments at my friend. By vulgar I mean comments like \"you're a dumb cunt\" \"you stupid bitch\" \"get the fuck out of here and don't ever come back\" and some other choice comments.  Honestly, I thought Tommi was going to going to push me out of the way and punch my friend in the face. Now, I've worked in the customer service industry my whole life and no matter what job I had if I ever spoke to a customer like that I would not have a job to come back to. But the situation did not stop there. The other bar tender, I apologize I do not know her name (remember she was enjoying a cigarette on the patio) continued to yell her own comments like \"I would suggest you leave\" (remember we had already called a cab) \"you better get the fuck off the patio\" \"if you don't leave I'm calling the cops\" \"you've been 86ed get the fuck out\". Finally, our cab arrived where we moved the party to chop and wok where we received delicious correctly made Moscow Mules. Even though we were no longer at 92nd St Café the bar tenders continued to tell other customers about what had happened that night. Again, in my opinion extremely unprofessional. \n\nIf I am being honest, this situation could have been handled in an extremely less offensive manor by the girls working that night. The situation escalated out of hand by immature workers. Honestly, I would NOT recommend this place to anyone as I cannot promise you will receive the service you deserve. You should never speak to a customer the way my friend was spoken to. If I could give this review less than one star I would. \n\nPlease keep in mind that I have spent many nights at this bar and have spend a lot of money between myself and my friends. Sadly this one extremely poor experience has hindered the way I view this bar and the people they choose to employ.