I think this may become one of my favorite places to come for a quick and delicious meal. From the outside of the building, it doesn't look as though it would offer anything that great, but this place is amazing! From the service to the food, everything was awesome. \n\n=Food=\nThis restaurant has a large variety of items on their menu from burgers, Rocket dogs, subs, sandwiches, mini corn dogs, salads, fries, onion rings, and so much more. I was interested in a spicy chicken sandwich, but they didn't offer anything close to what I was looking for so I got the Gyro combo meal which came with a side of fries and a drink and cost $7.29. A great price for the quality of food I received. The Gyro was stuffed full of tender meat that was well flavored and cooked to perfection. The sauce was good, but not as \"authentic\" tasting as I've had while I was in Europe. The side of fries was very generous and was well cooked. My guest got the Bacon Cheeseburger combo and upgraded his fries to chili cheese fries which cost $10 total. He said the Bacon Cheeseburger single was more than enough for him, so was thankful not to have gotten the double. The burger was nicely cooked and well flavored. The chili cheese fries were a whole serving and not the side size, so it was more than enough to feed two people. Fries were covered in lots of chili and cheese. They are more than generous with their portions and definitely don't hold back on toppings. Both combos came with a drink. \n\n=Service=\nThe girl Alexis that took our order was very friendly. She was very knowledgeable of the menu and gave suggestions when I asked about certain items that they may have or be able to add to my meal. She took our order and repeated it to us to make sure she had gotten our order correct. I do like that about a food place! We waited around 10 minutes for our food to come out as there were several large families ahead of us, but when our food came out, the server was very polite and asked if we needed anything extra like BBQ sauce or Ranch. Told us to let them know if they could help us out at any point during our meal. \n\nEverything here was awesome and I'll definitely be back again to try other items on their menu. The only complaint would be the parking situation. They don't have many parking spaces, so some people had to park over in the next restaurant's parking lot.