I like to find things to do that just sound fun. Perhaps will be good for photos, but mostly that they're different and entertaining. One day, a Google Offer came upon my email for Aerial Dancing.... um, that sounds perfect.\n\nI called to make reservations for my friend and I on a Saturday over the phone with Mark, who was the nicest person ever to converse with. He informed me the class we would be taking would be a taste of what they have to offer for aerial dance and it would be 90 minutes. He suggested a sports bra under a shirt that covers our armpits to prevent silk burns and because we'd be upside down. Upside down? This already sounds cool! He also suggested tights, yoga pants, or leggings that go beyond the knee due to potential silk burns. Why do silk burns suddenly sound so badass to me right now? \n\nThe studio was over on the side of a strip mall and the inside looks a little old. But after we checked in, we sat outside the glass and watched the girls in the (very advanced!) class before us twisting and twirling up and down the silk and we were in awe. \n\nOur class consisted of 5 total students, which was the perfect shade of small. Our two instructors led us in some stretches to some top 40s hits until it was time to start on... the TRAPEZE?! I had no clue trapeze was included in this! Bewildered and excited, we learned about three cool looking (and low-hanging) tricks that made me wish I'd done some arm curls for the month prior, after which we moved on to the silk fabric suspended from the ceiling. We learned how to stand in the silks (mid-air, mind you) and do a few poses and an easy trick. It was so much fun! At the end, we got to go back and work on anything we wanted to go over again... or just do some tricks and take pictures. Fabulous!\n\nThe prices seem reasonable and a consistant class would be an amazing workout. I loved this so much! Unlike me, if you decide to do aerial dancing, STRETCH AND EXERCISE YOUR UPPER BODY. My arms were pretty much useless for about a week after, not that I really cared. I'd do it again in a heartbeat!