After one of the worst restaurant experiences I've ever had two years ago at this Chipotle, I decided to give it another shot last night (with high hopes for change). I had written a review for this Chipotle before, but it is no longer viewable (possibly marked as spam? lol)\n\nI had thought my last visit was a visit to hell because of the cashier, but upon revisiting, I've come to realize it is the management. The cashier yesterday was  actually great! Smiled, asked how my day was, fast. He was great.\n\nBut that's not enough to detour from the rotten stinginess this Chipotle is managed:\n-Tomatoes was all mushy and immersed in it's juice (like it was made way in advance and just sitting in the fridge\/freezer)\n-cheap utensils. Every other Chipotle Ive been to uses at least hard plastic forks and knives (usually beige or clear). This place uses cheap, damaged black forks that look like they've been used..\n-Brown rice. Except that it has white rice mixed in, way more than usual anyway.. why? maybe because it's white rice is cheaper?\n-Stingy with the rice in general. I asked for a chicken bowl, I got maybe half a scoop. I looked at the guy with a are-you-for-real look and said yeah could I get more rice? At least he obliged.\n-Chicken. Far far more of the fatty non-meat parts than other Chipotle's. \n-My vegetarian friend asked for black beans in his quesadilla and they said no, something regarding the juice of the beans getting on the machine. He told me other Chipotle's would always let him.\n\nMy last experience at this Chipotle sucked because of the cashier, humiliating my friend in front of the whole restaurant (cause he unknowingly pushed his cup against the lemonade lift while getting water). The cashier came from behind the counter grabbed him by the shoulder and made him pay for the drink. Everyone was stunned. Glad he is not working there anymore.\n\nBut thinking about all these issues with this Chipotle, I don't think it's necessarily the fault of all the staff, but rather a fault of poor management. Stinginess, trying to get away with cutting every corner possible, and hiring the wrong kind of ppl has made this Chipotle into one of the worst restaurants I've been to.\n\nOh yeah! I forgot, but a friend of mine, on a separate trip, found GLASS in his burrito!! GLASS!! I told him he should have reported this or at least tell the manager, but he isnt the type to do so. He just joked abt how Chipotle is after him on facebook. Seriously? Glass??? This Chipotle is lucky this didnt happen to someone who would blow this story up! How glass gets in a burrito is beyond me.\n\nFor the time being, my craving for mexican food will suffice from the euclid Chipotle. While they are slower and more busy, I've never had any ridiculous problems with them. It's hard to get a one star review in my book. But this Chipotle deserves it and less. Seriously.. glass?\n\n\nFood: C-\nAtmosphere: C-\nService: F