Tenaya Creek had been on my radar forever, but the whole \"me not liking beer\" thing kept me from making the trip.  Well, as luck would have it, I've started to enjoy beer again (take that, 21st birthday!) and I met someone from Tenaya Creek at a Yelp event at Whole Foods.  His name escapes me, but he was super friendly and gave us a couple samples to try.  Despite being darker beer, I liked it!  I was now convinced I needed to make a visit to Tenaya Creek.\n\nI've now been twice and I really fell for the place.  There's nothing special about the bar - just your standard bar with a few places outside to sit.  There's a pool table, a couple video games, some TV's playing sports, and windows looking out to the brewery.  But what this place lacks for in style, it makes up in every other way possible.\n\nThe bartenders are the friendliest I've met.  They introduce themselves to you and ask your name when you come in (!) and they are happy to have a conversation with you instead of amongst themselves.  The other customers are friendly too and one guy even ran to the door to hold it open for me when my hands were full (!!).  It's a small-town feel despite being in the middle of Las Vegas.\n\nThe prices are amazing - $3 for 16 ounce or $4 for 20 ounce.  I'm not sure if that's happy hour pricing, but I didn't see any advertisements for a happy hour.  When the bartender said our tab was $6 for two beers, I literally yelled \"What?!\" in front of a bunch of people.  I might have made a bit of a scene....\n\nThe best part about this place is that every beer I've tried, I've liked.  This amazes me to no end.  \n\nThere's no food to be had and choices nearby are slim.  But on my last visit they invited Sausagefest to their parking lot and they had some awesome vegan sausages I got to try!  \n\nI'm so close to giving them five stars, but the ambience of the place is keeping me from doing it.  I want a bar to be a little dark (theirs is pretty open and bright) and have some interesting décor or seating or something to make me want to stick around a little longer.  You know, a nice place for me and my husband to grab a couple of drinks and hang out for a while.  If you're more interested in meeting some new, friendly people in a open bar then this is definitely a five star place.\n\nI was told at the Yelp event that they offer brewery tours and I'm looking forward to doing one soon.  Call ahead to schedule.