(WARNING: Filipino food can have a strong mixture of sour, vinegary, salty goodness banging up against sweet, crunchy, meaty climaxes of flavor.  If these types of taste are too sexy for your tongue, you may want to eat elsewhere.  Consider yourselves warned.  I'd better not see anyone putting up some negative reviews because they were not prepared.)\n\nEven though I may not look it, I'm half Filipino and grew up with this food.  That being said, I will most likely show a lot of favoritism towards this place.  Its flavors take me back to my childhood and playing with my cousins.\n\nThelma's is located near the Sunset hotel in the same building as Aloha kitchen.  (Aloha kitchen is known for having the worst teri chicken I have ever had, but great kalbi)  To Find Thema's you need to drive around to the back side of that building.  \n\nThe inside is simple with a theme leaning towards the tropical and the Filipino channel on the TV set.  The menu may not be the largest, but what they make I love.\n\nToday I went with one of my favorites and something new.  I had the combo with my fav, dinuguan (aka dinardaraan for my Ilocano bothers), and Thelma's special. \n\n Dinuguan is a vinegary tasting pork blood meat.  Being cooked with blood, it comes out looking like stew size chunks of pork in black sauce.   It is rich with flavor and has a lovely grit to it from the blood.  Thema's take on it was true to mom's cooking back home.  However, the sauce was a bit thinner than I like and they seem to have taken out all the fatty bits for the general public's sake.  My mom didn't discriminate, fatty or lean, it went in the pot.  Over all, it was great.  Not as good as moms, but pretty close.\n\nNow Thelma's special is a bit miss leading.  The description says it's lichon kawali cut up and mixed with chopped onions, tomatoes, and soy sauce.  A more accurate description would have been chicharon with chopped onions, tomatoes, and bagoong.  Cause that's what it tasted like and it tasted wonderful.  It made me wish that I got more of it.  For those of you that don't know, lichon Kawali is a whole roasted pig, all crispy and wonderful on the outside.  This dish was salty, oniony, sweet, meaty, and crunchy.  Heavenly.  My mom made the same thing for me when I was younger and this was just as good.  Sorry mom, I must be honest.\n\nThe one thing that was a bit difficult was the server that day.  We were having some communication problems, but my order came out right and it came out extremely quick.  That's what matters.\n\nSo if you're in the area, bypass Aloha Kitchen and head on over to Thelma's for some good eats.  Did I mention the price was good too?  Because it is!