I'm a little shocked how high this place is rated, to be honest.  I'm not disappointed easily, but I've given this place three chances to impress and they've consistently disappointed.   I live nearby and was very excited for a new, trendy place to eat & drink. The first time we went there, we sat at the \"outside\" bar. The male bartender was not personable at all-he was actually quite rude. When I politely asked him if he knew the price of a liquor off the top of his head (and not to worry about it if he didn't, I was just curious), he snottily replied with, \"well, there's not a button for it so I don't know.\" He then rolled his eyes and walked away. I was astounded at how rude he was but shrugged it off. I actually felt bad because I thought somehow I offended or embarrassed him because he didn't know the price of this particular liquor, so I apologized to him, and he proceeded to made another smart comment about how he charged me the well price but that the next time I come in it might be much higher, again being very snotty and rude. My boyfriend was actually pretty upset at the way he spoke to me but chose to let it go because we just aren't the type if people to be confrontational or to complain.  After our meal and about an hour before close, he told us he was leaving and that another girl would be taking care of us. When she showed up all she did was clean the bar in preparation to close (even though that wasn't for another hour) and didn't even introduce herself or say hello. I waited for her to notice that my boyfriend's Blue Moon was empty but she was too busy cleaning so I asked her myself. She asked me what beer he was drinking, I told her, then watched her pour the wrong beer and give it to me as if I wouldn't notice. (Not all alcohol is available at that side of the bar. For instance Blue Moon and the liquor I was drinking are stored at the main bar, another point of annoyance for the original, rude male bartender. But how is that my fault? I didn't know that.  And clearly this girl didn't feel like going to the other bar to pour the correct beer for my boyfriend, even though she specifically asked me which beer he was drinking and then lazily poured whatever wheat beer they had in tap at the bar we were sitting at.) That was the \"straw that broke the camel's back\" for me. We paid out and went to Darcy McGees (in the same shopping center) where the staff are always pleasant and helpful.\n\nWe have since given the Lion two more tries but been severely disappointed with the service. The food is excellent- but just cannot make up for the terrible service. The second time we tried this place we sat at the main bar (as to not inconvenience the bartender at the outside bar), and all of the bartenders were too busy talking amongst themselves to notice that both of us were empty on drinks and hungry with no menus offered to us. I'm sorry to say that we won't be giving this place another shot.