I am a stub member and I have been alot of AMC's places now. Let me tell you about my latest and worst experience yet in a movie house. As a background let me describe the many AMC's I have been to, I experienced the one near Ahwatukee,  the Esplanade, the one near Scottsdale mall, and the one near Westgate and the one at Deer Valley. The chairs in this place is just like in esplanade. But the customer service are terrible.  This is probably the worst AMC's in the valley. I will enumerate the stuff I have found in this that disgust me to my gut. \n\n1st the chair is not clean. Literally. One of our trip here we have report a cup holder having liquid stuff in top of having smears of don't know what on the top of our chairs. Their leather so you could feel the icky feeling of slimy and gross liquid that stays on that chair. \n\n2nd. The kids ( yeah their probably younger than 18) that work on your order are snobby and are slower than a turtle. I have been in Harkins and I could say that service is way faster there. \n\n3rd and probably the worst is their inconsistency. First in our trip we went to watch deliver us from evil. Around 8 pm we went through. With a child with us. No problem. The child loved it. Next and probably our last trip in this freaking place. We wanted to watch Lucy. With the same kid. They stop us be cuase it's their policy for to not let any kid watch anything rated r after 6? Really? Then why was I one able to buy and watch deliver us from evil in our first trip a obvious rated r movie, 2nd why was I able to buy ticket which was showing 720 pm at their website with me indicating I had a child with me? I asked for the manager after traveling 45 minutes to watch a movie, with the kid, excited and with full guardian with him. We were greeted with a ungrateful manager. \n\nTo top it of we travel led through the storm. Yes it's raining at phoenix today. August 12 2014. Not only we have not watch a movie we were basically turn down by this manager with no compassion and no consideration. I believe as a customer who poured his money and effort tot get to their movies , I have the right for a compassionate, rightful and considerate way of being treated as a human being.\n\nI will never go watch a single movie at AMC. Better wait them suckers at torrent.