the staff is extremely rude and always talk in Arabic infront of you and giggle and laugh and look at you like they are talking about you making fun of you. The attitude they have while working is very discouraging and makes you not want to come back they act like they don't wanna be working they always look like they've had the worst day of work. Customer service and customer relations is KEY in a business like Pita Stop. they aren't going to have a business much longer if they keep it up. The owner needs to fire all staff and rehire a new staff it will 100% increase his sales and regular customer base.\n\n I can't even count how many times they don't even bother asking what I want they just assume and they end up putting ex.. Tomatoes and onions on cause 9\/10 ppl get it on there donair so they assume I want it... I then tell them that's not what I wanted and they snicker and get attitude and talk under there breathe like it's my fault they didn't bother to ask. \n\nthey have to microwave there meat now before placing it on the donair because people got really sick cause of there under cooked meat. the health board shut them down for a bit. \n\nI could go on for hours about this place!!!. The owner himself is extremely cheap!! The place is a dump and over priced. They don't put nearly enough sauce on donair they make you buy a side of sauce for $2 for a huge donair that you have to refill 3x so your paying $6 in extra sauce. \n\nThey never follow there official store hours they have written down and plastered all over the windows and in store!!!. I can't count how many times I've gone to get a donair and they are closed and the hours snow they are suppose to be open!. I've been inside eating a donair and they close at midnight it was 11pm and they were already starting to shut grills down and wash floors and put food away time I was done eating it was 1130 and by that time they are basically forcing me out saying they are closing!. I sat in my cAr and watched them leave and lock up 20min before midnight!!!!!. - to me closing at midnight means you shut down grills, wash floors, put food away and whatever else at 12:01am 1min after midnight close!! If I come in at 11:59pm I expect to be able to get a Donair and anything else on the menu