Jersey Mike's Subs at the McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas, specifically next to Nathan's, Between C22 & C23 (in the Southwest Terminal). \n\nAfter walking around the terminal, looking for something to eat for dinner (Although I had brought food with me, it wasn't quite enough to hold for dinner), my husband and I ended up picking this place. As we looked over the menu, it dawned on me that it would be cheaper to purchase a giant size sandwich instead of a regular size sandwich for the 2 of us. So we ended up getting:\n\nGiant Size #7: Turkey Breast And Provolone, $16.99 prior to tax- Because I do not like spicy foods, we omitted the jalapenos (although I am sure if we requested for half of the sandwich to have it, I am sure the employee making our sandwich would be able to accommodate). We also omitted the onions, pepper, oil & vinegar (my husband just decided to omit these things just in case I do not like them. Like a true Yelp member, I was busy taking photos of this place and the menu board to pick what I wanted on the sandwich so I let my husband make that decision). The sandwich itself was really good. I thought the sandwich had plenty of turkey and also lettuce and tomato. The freshly sliced provolone (an employee slices it right in front of you as you order your sandwich) had a great flavor that enhanced this meaty sandwich. \n-------------------------\n(Total= $18.39 after tax)\n\nAll of the employees helping us were very friendly (the person who initially took our order, the person helping to add the toppings on our sandwich and the person helping to ring us up at the register). I appreciated that when I asked if they could quarter our sandwich since half of a sandwich is just way too large of a size to eat, they did so happily. \n\nThe only thing that did bug me though was that the employee wrapped our sandwich (after cutting it into 4 sandwiches) in 1 large butcher paper and stuffed it into a narrow paper bag. I would have preferred for 2 sandwiches to be wrapped separately from the other 2 so that each person could have their own. Maybe this is something I can request for in the future. \n\nI know that the prices for this sandwich place is pretty high, especially compared to any other location of Jersey Mike's that isn't at the airport. But I have accepted the fact that a lot of airport eateries will charge a higher price because you are in a desperate and vulnerable spot (and maybe the rent at the airport is high) and so that isn't as big of a concern to me. My husband and I travel a lot so it just comes with the territory (but please note that not all airport restaurants have such a high inflated price. Some places are actually quite reasonable, but this airport isn't 1 of them).\n\nOverall, I really liked my sandwich and was pretty satisfied after having 1\/4 of the sandwich and saved the other 1\/4 for the next day (a little soggy from the filling but still pretty tasty). \n\nIf I was ever at this airport, down in this terminal again, I would consider getting another sandwich here.