I also would like to give this place 0 stars but that isn't an option...\n\nI got a LivingSocial deal for 4 to try this place out before we were going to see a comedy show.  Wow, we were blown away and not in a good way.  This place is supposed to be a high end restaurant...the only thing high end about it are the prices.  Now, I don't mind paying good money for good food and service but we did not get that here.\n\nFirst, upon being seated we are told that the deal we paid for is not what we are getting and that each couple has to split an appetizer and dessert instead of everyone getting their own.  Fine, not too big a deal yet.  We order our food and the appetizers were ok but then the entrees come.  My wife and I had both ordered filet mignon...most pathetic steaks I have ever seen.  Normally, you would expect a thick hockey puck sized piece of meat.  Ours were so thin that you could barely see any pink in the middle to deem it a medium rare...it covered nearly half my plate!  No flavor and our vegetables were undercooked (hers) and overcooked (mine), how the hell does that happen?!?  Our friends that we had invited to come with us both ordered pasta dishes and they looked like they had been made in a single pot and then just dumped into the plate...no presentation whatsoever and both dishes were so overcooked the pasta was almost mushy.   WTF!  \n\nThe service was horrible too.  The server came by only to take our order and bring our food and never even came back to ask us how it was, lucky for him because I was tempted to send my steak back.  They then had the audacity to put a 20% gratuity on what would've been the actual bill...which normally would be fine IF WE ACTUALLY GOT GOOD SERVICE AND GOOD FOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nThis place may have once been a good restaurant but definitely is not now.  It is pretentious and does not have good food or service.  There is a reason why they have been repeatedly been offering deals thru Groupon and LivingSocial for the past 8 months.  DO NOT GET THIS DEAL AND DO NOT GO HERE FOR A MEAL!!  NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY!!  WANT A GOOD STEAK?  GO TO SALTLIK.  WANT A HIGHER END DINING EXPERIENCE?  GO TO BLINK!   \n\nTHIS PLACE IS A JOKE!