Let me just begin by saying one experience is enough to completely jade you opinion of a location.  I was walking down Las Vegas Blvd like many others do daily taking photos of the beautiful lights and unique architecture, that is what makes Vegas what it is after all.  As I neared the Palazzo I paused to get a photo of the grand entrance with the hotel in the background.   It is one of my favorite outdoor features of the property, which I have been inside numerous times and snapped photos in as I walked around admiring the features.\n\nBut for some reason on this evening a valet attendant adamantly started walking toward me motioning me and loudly telling me I could not take a photo of the hotel \"private property\" from the very public sidewalk.  \n\nThis did not sit well with me as I was on the public sidewalk next to the public street and also his tone was very aggressive.  We exchanged words about my freedoms and liberties based on my location and the fact that I also am a member of the press and knew I wasn't in violation of any posted guidelines or warnings and so had not snapped a single person in my shot.  \n\nHis tone was inappropriate!  \n\nI later walked down snapping away other Unique features of the strip and happened upon a police officer to which I asked him if there was some new law or rule saying I had done wrong.  He assured me from the sidewalk or street I had every right to take photos as long as they were of appropriate nature.  I explained I had previously been inside and taken a couple of selfies but with my phone instead of my camera and there had been no issues.  He seemed very perplexed as to why the attendant would have acted so aggressively.  \n\nThis really still does not sit well with me!  I do a travel blog and enjoy displaying the amazing features of locations.  I have never been treated in this manner by anyone let alone anyone in the Vegas community.  \n\nI would after this experience never recommend this hotel because if this is considered an acceptable way to approach people then I would not ever want to pay money to patronize any of entities within.  \n\nVegas has to many shopping and accommodation locations to allow myself or others I know to spend a dime here.