I am not a hockey player in any way, shape or form, but having family in the sport, I am around it quite a bit and know my fair share of all things hockey.\n\n As far as hockey equipment stores go, Majer Hockey is probably the best I've seen yet. The store is located on Dufferin Street north of Finch and has the most knowledgeable and friendly staff anywhere. You'll spend about half an hour just getting to know the staff and joking with them as they educate you on anything from hockey tape to goalie masks. \n\n (Now, to be clear, when I went to Majer Hockey I was simply tagging along with someone who wanted to buy skates, but as a reviewer I thought it was a great place to sit and observe the staff in action and take in everything this store offered). I perused the store and found a MASSIVE goalie section, (later learned the store specialized in goalies) skates, sticks, water bottles, and used skates as well. (They buy and sell).\n\n This is a great place for players, coaches and anyone who needs skates or hockey equipment. The prices are reasonable (comparable to other hockey stores) but what really sets Majer apart is the staff. Everyone is friendly and knows their stuff. In school I could barely retain a lectures worth of material, but in my 30 minutes at Majer, I learned and now know more about mens hockey skates than I probably ever need to.\n\n The store was packed with amateurs looking for used skates, (which, by the way, there are shelves from the tiniest kids sizes to the largest) kids trying on goalie pads, coaches stocking up on water bottles and tape and players getting their skates professionally sharpened. Majer has a laser sharpening area that perfects the job and an oven to \"bake\" skates, which helps in molding them to custom fit your foot. \n\n Majer also stocks ladies figure skates, so its not just a men's only store, which is great! I'd recommend Majer to anyone looking for hockey or skating related equipment. This is a great store with excellent staff! Definitely as good as it gets!