I tried. Still a no. Walked in and was looking for staff, absolutely no one seemed engaged. All the staff are clearly very close, which makes for a good atmosphere and teamwork, however they often seem a little distracted from their paying customers. Sat ourselves at the bar, went and got our own menus, waited to be served. Asked how long it takes for most food orders at this hour since we knew we were in a relative rush (1 hour) and were told 15-20 minutes. Needless to say that wasn't the case. We were the 3rd and 4th people to be seated at the bar. The 5th person to sit was served before we were even asked what we wanted to drink. It shouldn't take more than 5 minutes to get a drink in front of you when you sit at the bar. Something has to be up with their kegs because I had had a Shocktop earlier that day yet the one that was served to me tasted off, almost soapy, and with an unpleasant aftertaste. In the screens around the bar, sports replays? Silent music videos from the 90s? Nope. Just a pixelated version of their insignia. Is your beer empty? Even at the bar you still needed to flag someone down for a refill if you're lucky enough that they can be bothered, and this is with less than 10 people being served... 35 minuted of waiting, one empty beer glass waiting, one near full beer sitting gross and unwanted, and no food. Finally! Food! Wait... F***.\n\nFish tacos come missing the sauces and toppings, sent it back only for the same plate to be returned accompanied with the words \"they were out of _____\". Its 5pm on a Thursday and you guys don't have things from sauce to cilantro? Oh here's your burger *spills fries on the bar*. Guy beside us who ordered leaves after 30 minutes, having ordered a salad presuming the simplicity would mean he would actually get it in time to eat. He asks to cancel it as he's waited too long. The bartender not only couldn't give two f*** but also gave the guy attitude about it. Zero customer service or etiquette. Fish tacos: flavorless. Fries that don't even reach the level of being warm, watery mac n cheese. \"Premium Alberta beef\" that I'm near certain came as frozen patties. Again, flavorless burger. Split the patty open and it's 100% the grooves from when it was ground. This means they added absolutely nothing to meat since the slaughterhouse. The beer glass is still empty. Potato skins dry and overlooked. \n\nWhen asking for our bill we were given a half apology for the longer food wait, but I wouldn't count it as a real apology as the bartender completely ignored us when we said the food belonged in the trash. My companion made it very clear upon payment that this was a complete waste of time and money, so as last time we were offered shots. Seems to be about the only thing this place has to offer is shots because everything else I've tasted from cocktails to beers to food has been terrible. One bad experience can be overcome. A second terrible one with bad service means you won't see me here again. I've been to a number of these \"$5 meal\" concept restaurants but this one has been by far the worst.