This review is for 245 Melwood Ave (The Wellington) and the leasing office.  Overall, the building is in dire need of renovations and the employees at the leasing office are rude.\n\nOne time I came home from vacation only to find my apartment door OPEN AND UNLOCKED.  How is that possible considering I set it to automatically lock when it automatically swung shut?  Sterling Land likes to enter its apartments without notifying tenants!    \n\nPerhaps you're one of those people who likes to live in a building that has character.  If so, the Wellington (and all other Sterling properties) will not disappoint you in only this regard; they seem to have monopolized Oakland's historic apartments.  For those of you who generally dislike living in buildings constructed prior to World War I, the list of complaints that you will form merits an entry in the Library of Congress.\n\nDuring my stay at 245 Melwood Ave, the water temperature for my shower never stopped oscillating.  As soon as I found the right amount of heat, the water would spontaneously scald me just in time to start freezing.  It's quite a bizarre experience to have a shower that goes from 110 to 50 degrees in a matter of seconds.  Also, the radiators have the nasty habit of making gurgling sounds in the middle of the night that reminded me of The Exorcist.  To add insult to injury, imagine having a stove without a vent that is as far away from a window as possible.  You'll basically have a plume of whatever you just cooked coating your worldly possessions. \n\nMy first experience with the management company involved one of the owners showing me the apartment.  In short, he was outstanding; I have never had someone do a better job of vividly describing an apartment.  Alas, that was the only time I had a positive interaction with Sterling Land.  Once you sign the lease, you'll have the displeasure of talking to some very rude individuals.  There is a certain absurdity to paying a company thousands of dollars over the course of the year only to have your two points of contact, the person in charge of billing and her receptionist, speak in a curt, brusque manner.  \n\nIs it convenient? Yes.  Does the building have character? Yes.  Does the character come at a cost? Yes.  Specifically, that cost is having an apartment whose amenities are better suited to the Hoover administration than they are the 21st century.