If you look at my past reviews, you'll notice that almost all my reviews are 5 Stars.  I just like sharing really good experiences with fellow Yelpers, who have always guided my way through culinary cravings or service needs.  And when I usually have a bad experience, I just let it go, mainly because I feel bad posting a negative review.  Not tonight!\n\nI've been to Genghis Grill 3 times, and the last two experiences were both poor.  The first experience was a sit down experience with my wife, and it was a pretty good experience.  Nothing compelling enough to write a review, but a good overall experience.  So a couple weeks ago, we decided to place an online order for 2 large bowls.  They have a pretty impressive website where you can pick and choose your ingredients as if you were at the restaurant.  But unfortunately that's as good as it got.  After picking up our order & taking it home, they had mixed the ingredients between the two orders.  We gave them the benefit of the doubt, made the most of the meal, and called it a night.  \n\nSo tonight, we thought, if we eat at the restaurant, it's pretty unlikely they'll mix the ingredients since you pick it out yourself.  Sadly, we never even got a chance to place our order.  After being seated, our waitress Taylor asked us for our order.  We told her we wanted 1 large bowl, since the last time we placed an order for 2 large bowls, it was too much food, and we only ate 1.  I told her if we're still hungry afterwards, we can always order more food.  She then snidely says \"you want 1 bowl for everyone?\", scoops up all her remaining bowls, and walks away, taking her unappreciated attitude with her.  I don't believe she even took our drink order.  So we left, and decided to dine elsewhere, and found a much more accommodating restaurant.\n\nI get it.  I used to be a food server.  I understand that the bigger the bill, the larger your tip.  But treating your customers poorly and being rude is simply inexcusable.  For this, you have popped my negative review cherry, and I leave my first negative review.  =)