I knew that going to Bar Masa during restaurant week would be my one shot to eat there (though the $49 early menu is there all the time, just found that out!)\n\nMy friend Susan D. and I made reservations for Saturday night at 7 PM.  Sporting my brand new crazily blingy sparkly new shoes, I trounced through Aria with anticipation.  We were escorted by our beaus, who trotted off to the Aria buffet while we went in search of opulence.\n\nWe were seated in this stunning restaurant, with lights hanging from the ceiling and red accents everywhere.  Our server was Chase.  I started off with a Jalapeno Ja cocktail (house made jalepeno vodka with lime and muddled cucumber, garnish: 2 slices of Persian cucumber on a toothpick) and Susan opted for the Kyoto Cheers (soju, lychee, pomengranate).\n\nOur 3 course meal: we both started off with tuna-yellowtail ceviche (normally $28 on the menu!), then each got the 10 piece sushi sampler at Chase's recommendation (over $70 if ordered a la carte), and then for dessert Susan ordered the miso creme brulee and I ordered the yuzu sorbet.\n\nThe ceviche: cubed maguro and hamachi, grated daikon, fresh snipped chives, tiny diced raw jalepeno with a yuzu-esque sauce.  Scrumptious!\n\nOur chef's choice sushi: 2 pieces of chu-toro, 2 pieces hamachi belly, 2 pieces of tai, 2 pieces nama sake, and 2 pieces amaebi (no heads).  Someone had a heavy hand with wasabi on the fish (okay to Susan, a bit too much for me).  The toro was a surprise for this type of menu.  Tai was too tough.  Amaebi was something special.  A very nice chef's choice for sure.\n\nWe ordered a few things off the menu before getting to dessert (so yes, this did not end up as just $50 per person!) - Susan ordered the peking duck and foie gras fried rice - I tried it and it was very tasty.  I got one piece saba (smoky, unusual flavor), one piece anago (sea eel, hard to find but nothing exciting), and uni (small but very fresh and flavorful - POW in my mouth!).\n\nThen, Susan peer pressured me into another cocktail!  Still thinking of my gal Jaime W. and our spicy drink pursuits, I went for spicy drink #2 with Bacardi O, yuzu juice, fresh mint and floating shichimi togarashi pepper flakes.  \n\nFinally we made it to dessert.  Her miso creme brulee was very tasty, but my yuzu sorbet (which actually was more like a granita) was outstanding, bright citrus-y with a sprinkle of mint.  Overall, great food and service - big plus to the generous offerings for restaurant week and getting about 55% off the price of what we had.  Now that I spent on myself what it would cost 4 people at Blue Fin, it is back to my joint after this!