I don't understand the obsession with this place. I've been here a few times with friends because I love Mexican food and keep hoping something will change, but each time bitter disappointment is left. \n\nIssue #1: Flies. The first time I came here with my family there was a dead fly chilling nonchalantly on the salsa bar. I hate flies. They are disgusting. So I composed myself, went to my table, and calmly told my family we would not be getting any salsa with our food that day.\n\nIssue #2: Cleanliness. This is directly related to the above issue, but the whole store looked unkempt. Floors were sticky, tables left a mess, and the bathroom was gross. Not the kind of environment I want to try and enjoy my food in.\n\nIssue #2: The food. I have gotten the cheese enchiladas, and they had a weird after-taste to them, like eggs. The corn tortilla was somehow someway spongy, and it had little flavor. My mother who loves Mexican food as much as I do also complained her meal was tasteless. I can tell they use the corn tortillas you cook before you serve (like the ones at Costco) and I do like the way they cook their cheese on the griddle so it's crispy in the tacos, but overall there's an off taste to the food. \n\nIssue #3: Price. It's more expensive than Costa Vida and isn't delicious like Costa Vida. That's a problem. \n\nIssue #4: This is perhaps the most grievous of them all for a Mexican restaurant and it is their salsa. Aside from the torment that was finding a dead fly by the salsa bar, when I returned at a later time I decided to overcome that tragic memory by trying every single salsa offered. The first one, the roasted salsa, tasted like a burnt black bean. That is the most accurate way I can describe it. The second one, the verde, reminded me of cilantro mixed with dirty dish water. Don't ask me why. It just did. Like it had a weird soapy after taste. The third salsa was just bad. It was the mild, and I got the same weird cilantro flavor plus pungent tomato puree. No bueno. The fourth salsa, the Chipotle, was the only one I could finish. It resembled a mixture of salsa and BBQ sauce that was actually pretty good. But really, only 1\/4 of the salsas being edible, in my opinion, is a little on the sad side.\n\nThat is the end of my rant for this place. I could've been harsh and I apologize because some people do seem to really enjoy their food! I am not one of the people, however, so if you tend to relate to my reviews, beware.