Ohhhhhhhh Dot Dot Dot.  I am in love.  I'm SO in love.  My experience was truly amazing.\n\nI signed up for their membership (which is ten dollars) with the plan to go that same night.  I made sure I saved my email confirmation as I wasn't sure if it took a while to get approved or what.  So I was prepared......\n\nMy Hubs and I showed up around 9:00 and there was a small gathering outside.  When we walked up, the gentleman checking people in simply asked me if I had a membership and I said yes.  He asked me what my last and first name was and I told him.  I told him that I just signed up this morning so I have my confirmation if you can't find my name.  He cut me off when I was saying this and said \"well you're in luck because I already found you\" and slipped me my little black membership card.  They were having issues with those who signed up that day and couldn't find names BUT THEY HAD MINE!  wahoo! score! They would have let you in as long as you had your email confirmation...so don't delete that until you get a card the first time. The couple in front of me kept swearing they signed up but she didn't have her email confirmation in her inbox or couldn't find the charge in her bank account...so she left (not happy).  But not their fault....so keep the email.  (and don't forget to push \"submit\" when purchasing a membership..lol.  That's what I think happened...\n\nAnyway (that was a long intro ...sorry).  They put our name down, and said it would be about an hour wait.  No problem.  I didn't care! I was just excited to be going in!  So they said that they would text me as soon as my table was ready.  We walked over to Amelie's (so perfect) for a glass of wine and as soon as we sat down and I had like literally two sips...I got a text saying my table was ready.  HAHAHA! We slammed back the wine and trotted over to Dot Dot Dot.  The cool part and what made me feel taken care of was as soon as I got to a few steps away from the bottom of the steps, the gentleman he came down to meet us half way and escorted us to the door.  So nice of him!  \n\nOnce inside, you walk down this long narrow, cool brick hallway to the Hostess stand.  sooooooo dark and creepy and cool.  lol! It's got lights lining either side of the walls so you can see.  Such a cool vibe.  You really do feel like you're entering into a true \"speak easy\" and it's extremely private.  Hard to explain into words.  but I think they captured the essences of what a Speakeasy was back in the day.  The host confirmed if I was Meyer, and opened the door and I walked into a vibrant room full of people.  big tables....small tables, people chatting away.  The décor was awesome!  Host took us to our table and I was just in aww.  We didn't try the food as we already ate, but had two of their cocktails. Delicious. \n\nA couple of tips: If you're a dude...don't wear shorts and sneakers.  I heard that they are strict with dress code.  No that doesn't mean you can wear DRESS shorts or Khaki shorts.  C'mon dudes...if you have a lady on your arm or WANT a lady on your arm...I'm sure she's wearing heels and has an outfit on that will stop anyone in their tracks.  So shorts and flip flops and socks ain't gonna cut it.  So go dressed like the Mr. GQ you are (or hope to be).  Don't be in a hurry and be patient with getting inside.  Go grab a drink elsewhere if the wait is long and just come back when they text.  No biggie!\n\n\nI can't WAIT to go back.  The Back Lot at the park road shopping center is becoming a really cool place to be!!