I wasn't overly impressed with Sacred Hour.\n\nI came recently to their newer location. First of all, it was impossible to even find the entrance and there's no rear entry (HE-llo), so I parked in the exact wrong spot for the building. Something that would have probably been nice to know when booking the appointment: the best place to park and\/or enter the building.\n\nOnce inside, I almost laughed (-slash-vomited from claustrophobia). The \"lobby\" was seriously a box. There was another guy in there and if there were just one more person waiting, it would have been seriously uncomfortable. I will say that the woman at the front desk was very kind, offered to take my coat, etc. In fact, all of the staff at Sacred Hour were wonderful. It's just the space that was not so comfortable. In a place where you're going to be soothed, pampered and relaxed, the atmosphere didn't really help. I mean, it was decorated well. The lighting and music were nice. But it was tiny tiny tiny.\n\nOnce checked in, I was brought to the waiting area, which was also ridiculously cramped and small. There was a choice of two places to sit. When I chose the lounge-type chair, I soon realized that the fountain on the table next to me was splashing me with water, so I moved to the other couch. I was offered water, which was deliciously cucumber-esque, but there was nowhere to put it while trying to read one of the magazines they set out. A little bit frustrating.\n\nThe masseuse came to greet me after about five minutes, and brought me directly across the hall to a room that wasn't super small, but only because there were two beds inside. The room was closed off only by a curtain, which made me feel a bit self-conscious as I undressed, because I could see out of it through the side. (Not that anyone would be looking, but still, I like the comfort of a door.) I kind of wish that the lights were a little more dimmed than they were. The music was great though.\n\nI had a 75-minute relaxation massage, but to tell you the truth, I'm wondering if this masseuse more regularly does deep tissue. It wasn't that it was too hard, per se, because I kept thinking, \"Should I tell her to ease up?\" It was just the way she was kneading the muscles that was quite uncomfortable at times. I guess I just didn't really enjoy it.\n\nShe was very nice, though, and you can tell that they try to make this studio look good and seem better than it actually is. Not to sound like a snob, but I guess I just like a spacious spa with lockers, showers, robes, and, I don't know ... room to walk.