I love this location. As a matter of fact, I love this location so much, I actually drive past another Chipotle just to get here. Gas prices be damned!\n\nBeing a chain restaurant, each location is going to have commonalities with its sister stores. However, each layout is going to be slightly different. \n\nThis particular location, in my opinion, has a beautiful layout. As soon as you walk in the door, you're pretty much in line. All of the seating is off to the right. As you're standing in line, there are a few high-top tables with seating enough to accommodate six people immediately to the right. Past these tables, there's the drink machine\/condiment station. Past that, there are the standard four-person low-top tables. \n\nThe entire face of the building is made up of beautiful ceiling-to-floor windows. These windows look out onto Indian School. To many, a view opening up to a main street isn't much...but this is Scottsdale. The Pavillions (the shopping center where this location is located) hosts classic car shows every weekend. So, the beautiful cars that go by make for great dinner conversation.\n\nThis location also has a great outdoor seating area. Each table has its own umbrella, and the patio has a great mister system for the summer months. For the other two months of the Scottsdale weather, there are propane heaters scattered about the patio. This means you can reasonably sit comfortably outside any day of the year. Fine by me!\n\nI don't know where Chipotle finds its management, but other companies should take notice, and start poaching. Every time we've been here, the manager is EVERYWHERE. After they take your payment, they're on the move. If there isn't a line, they're policing the dining area making sure that everything is properly maintained. They also check in with you to ensure that you're having a pleasant dining experience. So, even though it's fast food, you do get little feeling of being at an actual restaurant. \n\nLike I said...I love this location. I hope you will, too!