Dr, Grant;s office is very close to my home so I chose the office for the convenience. I did read the reviews about the women at the front desk being rude but they seemed nice enough. One of them did make a remark about my last name being weird. She said, \"It is not your fault you have that last name, you married into it\". I was a bit perplexed by the comment.\n\nAfter being taken back, Dr. Grant seemed very friendly and funny at first. He began making negative comments about his wife stating it was easier to stay married than get divorced. I didn't know why he was telling me this. He checked my eyes quickly, told me I need new glasses.He continued to make negative comments about his wife that started making me feel uncomfortable. I mentioned that my husband was a nurse and he asked me, \"Does he look good in a skirt?\". I told him that he wore scrubs and he said, \"Oh he must look like a real doctor.\". Why would he make such a sexist remark? So inappropriate.\n\nAfter I got my contacts, I tried them on and they were completely blurry. I wore them for three days and got headaches. I went back for a follow up and waited 20 minutes to see him again. When I showed up, he wasn't there, he was still at lunch the front ladies informed me. At this point, I knew I did not want him as my doctor because of the comments he made at our first appointment. I just wanted to get my contacts and move on. I had already paid $70 for a copay and contact fitting fee and given them my insurance. \n\nWhen he called me back,  I told him I could not see and that my vision was blurry with the contacts. He told me it was because of my age. (I am 40). I asked him to change the script back to what my prescription was before, he did and I could see again when he changed it back. He told me he would do what made me happy because I was like his wife..... He said, \"I would nag and nag until he did what I wanted\". Again, more inappropriate comments about his wife? And so inappropriate to compare his patient to her? As I bent over the sink, I caught him starring at my butt. At this point, I felt so uncomfortable I just wanted to get out of there.\n\nI went to Optic Gallery and they explained my prescription to me and the closest contacts that were like my old ones. They didn't make my old contacts that I love anymore (Acuvue), they recommended Acuvue 2 which Dr. Grant gave me a sample of along with three other pairs. I asked Dr. Grant to keep my glasses prescription the same since he made a mistake with my contact prescription but the lady at the front desk said he would not change it. I will not be getting new glasses for awhile, I just wanted my old prescription so I wouldn't have to go in there again in case I lost or damaged my glasses.\n\nAfter my 4th visit there, to pick up my contact prescription, I told the woman at the front that I was very uncomfortable with all the comments Dr. Grant made. I really can't believe I spent $70 and an insurance payment to be insulted. I  told the front desk that I thought he was \"disgusting\"  and teared up in frustration . Dr. Grant should keep his inappropriate comments about his wife and his sexist comments to himself. \n\nThe woman at the front desk apologized for my experience and said she would talk to Dr. Grant about a refund so I could start over with another eye doctor. She said that Dr. Grant disagreed with my statements.\n\nWhat a nightmare to have gone here, wasted time and wasted money!  I really hope this review keeps new customers from going so they don't have the same experience as me.