We decided to try Base after reading a local news piece about it.\nWe had been to the predecessor restaurant in the space and Base initially appeared to have done very little to change the rectangular strip mall feel of the restaurant. They have however added a nice patio, and the Phoenix Fall weather was perfect for an evening outside.\n\nWe entered the restaurant and the 1st thing we noticed was the absence of a host desk, and indeed a host. The place was half full, with one large table of about a dozen people and a  couple of 4 tops occupied inside and a few tables occupied on the patio.\nWe waited patiently for someone to notice us and after about 5 minutes, during which we thought about leaving, someone came up to us and greeted us.\nThis laissez-faire approach was unfortunately a harbinger of the service to come.\n\nWe were seated and it took several more minutes for the table to be cleaned and menus provided. Interestingly there were zero condiments on the table. No salt, pepper, olive oil or balsamic vinegar.\n\nThe menu is small, which is probably a good idea for a new restaurant. The primary dishes are all interesting sounding pizzas, but Phoenix has a surfeit of excellent neapolitan style thin crust pizza places, so we were hoping it would be good.\n\nWe ordered a caprese salad to split while we waited for our Pizzas. The caprese took at least a half hour and during this wait nothing other than water was offered. we asked for some lemon for the water, but it never showed up. No bread either, to tide us over as they clearly struggled to serve the large party inside.\n\nIt was a pleasant evening and we had some catching up to do on the day's events so we bided our time.\n\nThe salad arrived and was delicious. I asked for a little more olive oil, but by the time it arrived we were already done.\n\nA while later, at least 15 minutes, our waiter came by to say the pizzas were on their way out any second. It turned out that a second at Base is at least 10 minutes long.\nFinally the pizzas arrived. One was a classic with added fennel sausage and the other was Mediterranean inspired with olives and artichokes.\n\nAt first bite the ingredients were fresh and lovely but the crust was baked way too hard. Not burnt, but literally stiff as a board with no moisture in it. The pizza edges could be used as nails to hold down a tent. Disappointing to say the least.\nTo their credit they recognized the disarray in their service and comped the salad but I'm not sure they are worth a repeat visit, especially with so many other good pizza places nearby. Pomo in Scottsdale comes to mind.\n\nPrices were about what you should expect at a good pizza place but they need to figure out how to put some moisture back in their crust, and they certainly need to figure the logistics of service.\nA host to greet diners would also be a nice improvement