I can't really decide if I actually like P&S, or if I find it overly pretentious, and its reputation inflated by people wanting to like P&S. I'll just be straight up at the beginning here, and state that I am outright a Bumpy's homer, and that my only satisfactory substitute in the city is Kawa. Plus Kawa is licensed, which puts the two on a lofty but equal pedestal.\n\nAs P&S is developing into an institution for Calgary's self-appointed coffee elites, I feel the place deserves as well a thought-out review as I can type. Prepare to be disappointed.\n\nThe decor is OK, I do enjoy the high-vaulted ceilings like someone else mentioned. There are plenty of tables, and chairs. The bar is cool, and the set-up for dishes, cream & sugar is well-planned and efficient. I do find the cafe's general feel to be somewhat irritating. Not sure why. I get too much of the IKEA over the chic vibe here. Maybe it's because the cafe is jammed into a big-box strip mall.\n\nThe coffee was just OK. After reading the slavering reviews of just about everyone, I truly expected orgasm-inspiring coffee. It just wasn't. It was good, but it just didn't bring it home. The espresso was good, I found something was off with the milk. I also had the clove coffee, which was a lesson to me, because I never like clove coffee, and I should never have ordered a $5 cup here.\n\nThe staff is nothing incredible. A bit too cool for school, probably because everyone in Calgary seems to think they are too cool for school. \n\nAnd everyone seems to go here. When I arrived at 7:45 on a Saturday, the place was empty, but by 9:00, the place was practically exploding with pre-natal moms, hipsters with macbooks, and generally anyone with a flannel shirt in Calgary.\n\nYeah, this review is a bit snarky. I find P&S to be ok, just ok. That means absolutely nothing because as my experience shows, even a somewhat refined taste is completely relative. I probably wouldn't make the trip to Marda Loop again, but that doesn't mean anyone else shouldn't go to P&S. Maybe I missed something.