With food so delicious and inventive you know it could have only come from the mind of an Iron Chief.  \n\nI had heard rave reviews about Iron Chief Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill. I asked quite a few people what style of food is served at Mesa and I got a wide variety of answers. Some said American, some said Mexican, but quite a few said Tex-Mex. Since I was kind of confused of what Tex-Mex food was I decided to take a trip down to Caesar's Palace with my girlfriend and give this place a try.\n\nThe restaurant has an amazing atmosphere. I love the décor of this place. Mr. Flay sure has great taste. Once seated we decided to try some appetizers. I ordered the Blue Corn Pancake (barbecued duck with habanero chile-star anise sauce) and my GF got the Goat Cheese Queso Fundido with chips. The Blue Corn Pancake was phenomenal. The sauce on the pancake was great and the bbq duck was nice and tender. The dip my GF got was also very good.\n\nFor dinner I ordered the 22 oz bone in chipotle glazed rib-eye with red and green chile sauce and a chorizo goat cheese tamale with thyme butter. This dinner was absolutely perfect. The steak was cooked to perfection and the sauces that accompanied the meat really made this meal an unforgettable one. The chorizo tamale was incredible. My girlfriend got the sixteen spice crusted chicken with mango garlic sauce and mango salsa. The chicken had an exotic taste to it, which my GF enjoyed. For Dessert we shared the cornflake crunch vanilla ice cream with the Mexican chocolate sauce. This dessert was tasty and really hit the spot after such a great meal.\n\nThe service was 5 stars all the way. Our waitress was funny and very informative. \nMesa Grill is a bit on the expensive side but the food and services you receive make it well worth the money. I loved my dining experience at Mesa Grill. I have been back to Mesa a few times since this first trip and each visit has been as wonderful as this first one. Do your self a favor and check out Mesa Grill, you will defiantly not regret it.