I have to say i'm quite saddened that i had to choose 1 star; as i was so looking forward to finding a new fav along Camelback rd. my sister and i headed to Rosie Mc Caffreys (sp), but turned off at SunUp Brewing Co. by default; we had to stop in because we were both starved and the menu offered Corned Beef and cabbage, plus we still had about 6 streets to go. \n\nwe stepped inside to a \"please wait to be seated\" sign, so we waited, and waited (as several wait staff passed and looked our way without even a nod of acknowledgement) for about 5 minutes. finally our server approached us and offered inside or patio (we chose patio of course!) she was very nice at first seating and asked for our drink order. since neither of us partake in the appreciation for micro brews, we chose raspberry ciders. we were happy. the crowd was sparse-but present. the weather was fabulous. \n\nit was a weird set-up with 3 small rooms (patio in between both) and no room to turn around. there was no reason our server should have been perturbed; other than having to maneuver around tables inside, as she hardly had tables. none the less, when she returned with our beers, she plopped them down hard on the table and stormed off. the beers were served lukewarm but we tried to drink them anyways. \n\nshe returned a few minutes later for our order. since it was a toss up between the Corned beef and cabbage & the Fish n chips, i asked the servers opinion, inquiring if the corned beef was sliced thin, of to which she replied \"it isn't sliced thin\"-but it was sliced thinner than a nickel, plus the meal wasn't even served with bread or butter; but back to the ordering....\n\nafter she took our order, i asked her for 2 cold pint glasses; since the beers were warm (only the bottle was slightly cold). she brought back glasses with ice and straws, pounced them on the rod iron table and went on to tell me why micro brews aren't served in cold pint glasses, saying she didn't have any chilled pint glasses because this is a micro brewery. \n\nit wasn't until after her lecture on the creation of beer, that i explained that even if there is a right way to serve-some people do request chilled pints. i explained that i wasn't a beer afficionado, i just wanted to drink my beer the way it should be served \"chilled\" she gave me attitude, walked away and then returned with two cold pint glasses, pouncing them on the table as she uttered \"here these are for our Root Beer\" while she turned on her heels to run. \n\nthe rest of the meal was pleasant, as she was hardly available. the only time i seen any of the female servers was when an assumingly wealthy man was spotted, that was when most of the servers would approach and hug them (much to close by restaurant standards) very tightly. however most tables around us were either taken by lesbians or hetero females so the ladies weren't hoovering around us too much.  \n\nwe received the credit card bill to sign, which was also plopped off mid walkaway. the tables are patio tables with holes, so most people with common sense would prepare for the signing of the bill with a hard bottom of some sort, but not here! they are all consumed with the spotting of rich men and instructions for micro brewing that they don't have time to serve or be of assistance, so be prepared to either pay them upfront to be treated like a patron, or flash your directors card because they seem to think this is suddenly Scottsdale. \n\non to the food. i tasted my sisters fish and chips and the homemade chips were soggy from the fish. the halibut was delicious although sister had to pull off all the breading, because it was as thick as an Indian popover. they did serve it with spicy ketchup which was surprisingly delicious. my corned beef cabbage was served paper thin, without bread or butter; but it was still very tasty. the red potatoes soft and the carrots & cabbage blanched to perfection. next time i'll just try sitting at the bar.