Having traveled to Peru, I was itching to re-try that famous Peruvian dish - cuy, a guinea pig roasted in a wood-burning fireplace.  Nah, that's a blatant lie.  I'll try most anything, but not when they raise those adorable pets directly across from the ovens in cute little piggie cottages.  They don't serve cuy here, nor do they serve alpaca, which I did try in Peru (it's good, and no, it doesn't taste like chicken).  But some woolly llamas (or alpacas, can't tell 'em apart) do grace the entrance, albeit the imitation sort).\n\nBut what they do serve is good, and much of it is reminiscent of Alberto Fujimoro's one-time tenancy as Peru's president - soy sauce in many of the dishes.  Like the Tallarines Salteados con Pollo my hubby ordered - what seemed like a pound of spaghetti in a tasty and soy-driven sauce, with lots of sauteed onions and chicken strips.\n\nWe had called to find out if they served wine and beer, and the answer was affirmative.  Turns out they had exactly two wines, both from Peru - a rose and a red.  Rose is usually way too dry for me, but our waitress, Patricia, obligingly offered a taste.  It was my kind of wine, and more like a white zin, so I ordered a glass.  It was $7, and a good-sized pour.  \n\nWe had fried yuca and plátanos for starters, and the yuca was accompanied by a very spicy red sauce and slightly less spicy green sauce.  The plátanos were the ripened ones, but definitely less sweet than usual.  That was a good thing.\n\nMy choice was the fish in shrimp sauce.  The menu said fried, but I had already far exceeded my fried food quotient, starting with the fried Peruvian corn nuggets that were comped at the beginning, then refreshed when my wine was served.  They're addictive, and it's too bad that Cárdenas Market right across the street was already closed when we left the restaurant and tried to stock up on them.  Or maybe that's good ;)\n\nOrdering my fish grilled was no problem; the two fillets were covered with a delicious - but a little too salty - sauce whose ingredients were a mystery, and that was adorned with an ample supply of shrimp.  A mound of white rice accompanied the fish, which was tilapia.  Tomorrow I'll enjoy the other half of the fish and shrimp and all of the rice, while hubby slurps up the other half-pound of his noodles and chicken.  Just to say I've cooked, I'll make a salad to add to my favorite meal:  leftovers.\n\nWith excellent and friendly service, Jesus C. singing on the middle-sized TV, a big glass of wine, a comfortable atmosphere, a very good meal, and the opportunity to practice my getting-rusty-quickly Spanish, I was a happy and fulfilled camper.  Oh, and for the gringos, Patricia speaks English just fine.