SORES EVERYWHERE! I have been going to this location for a year- give or take. I'm not going to name drop, although the girls I've seen have been great and professional. This last time, I didn't see my normal girl, but she was just as good. However, after my last session (brows, underarms, Brazilian, legs and lower stomach) I woke up a day or two later with welts ALL over my face and sores under my breast line. I went to the dr and he gave me double anti-biotics and a cream. He said it looked as though my face had been bit by a bug multiple times and even worse, although not common, the sores under my breast line looked like Herpes!!! What?! I freaked out! I went home and scrubbed and washed every surface, washed my entire closet and dresser, looked in every nook and cranny for bugs. I researched things that I wish I could unsee in regards to bugs and skin, but they are forever imbedded in my mind. The sores started to heal, but then I woke up the next day to my left shoulder covered in sores, my right should wasn't as bad but the rest of the arm was horrible. That's not even the worst part: there were some in my under arms, my upper back, my legs, and even my vaginal area which, freaked me out even more so, because of the original possibility my dr mentioned of herpes. No joke, i panicked so badly after these sores not healing after a few weeks that I ended up at the E.R. At 4 a.m. Because 1) I didn't know what the hell they were 2) they hurt 3) I started to look and feel like a leper. The E.R. Dr wrote me off because my face and any other visible place on my body was covered and were itchy. I'm sure I looked like a crackhead to him. He gave me a script for one antibiotic that was the same as one of the first ones. I didn't feel like I had been taken seriously, so I went to urgent care. The dr there was extremely nice, and advised me to do as the E.R. Dr said and take the 3rd antibiotic within a month. So I did. Now, I'm sitting here a month and a half later with scars LITERALLY all over my body from the ones that healed;, yet, I still have them appearing. It's as if I contracted scabies, lice, or crabs. I can't tell you how long I've looked under a microscope at my skin or looked in most common areas like my bed (even bed bugs maybe although my house is OCD clean) with a magnifying glass. Hours upon hours for weeks while researching what it could be until I am able to get in to see my dermatologist on Friday. So, at this point, these sores have been appearing and some scarring for almost 2 months!!!!!! I was tested for herpes 3 times and all have come back negative. What the hell did I come in contact with that would cause all this?? I'm literally scarring, spending money on all the prescriptions and dr visits, literally going insane when I look at myself or start to itch and start to look for hours on end with no results of anything that could be causing this, all because I got waxed. Did this new girl I went to not clean her station properly? Did she not follow protocol in regards to touching my skin, changing gloves and\/or tongue compressors?! Am I now contagious and not able to touch anyone or anything anymore? I've washed my hands so many times the E.R. Dr from two weeks ago told me I was going to cause eczema from washing so much. My hands especially are now raw. I hate to think it was a one time thing and I go back and it happen all over again. But I also hate thinking of having to go and find someone else that I like that does as good of a job as... Let's just say the girl with the elephant tattoo on her thigh. I'm at a complete loss. I truly, truly hate to say it, but you've been warned. I refuse to go out in to public nor look anyone in the eye. This just sucks.