When I heard about this restaurant I was excited and hopeful.  If you have read any of my other reviews, you know cooking is my hobby.  I'm not a chef but pretty dang great cook and I know good food.  I was surprised this restaurant has received such a high rating as the food was not that impressive.  Up until 2012 when I moved to AZ I had lived in Louisiana and Virginia since 1994 and was raised by mother who was born and raised in GA so I know southern food.  I will breakdown each item:\n\nI ordered Fried chicken w\/ mac n cheese and cornbread stuffing.  Chicken had a good crispiness and would have been really good with just a little more salt and seasoning in the coating.  It was a little bland but cooked well.  The mac n cheese: 5 cheese? Barely yellow in color so unsure how much cheddar was actually in there but I could taste a little bit of the flour they used to make the roux base and again ADD SOME SALT. Someone made the comment that it was the best mac n cheese they ever had.  Girl you need to come to my house.  I'll show you some mac n cheese.  Cornbread stuffing: They put sugar in the cornbread and I thought I tasted a touch of clove and cinnamon.  This wasn't necessarily bad and the gravy over the top was REALLY good but I like my cornbread stuffing more savory less sweet.  Biscuits were good but a little dense and the gravy they served with them was ok.  The jalapeno cornbread was ok but not awesome.  Best cornbread ever is in Harlem at the Red Rooster.  Red Velvet cake? Ok more like dark pink velvet.  Frosting needed more butter or should I say any butter and the cake was a little dry.  I took a bite of my mom's sweet potato pie, very good!\n\nMom had the fried catfish, greens and also the cornbread stuffing.  The catfish was KILLER!  REALLY REALLY GOOD! Greens? Come on guys you're supposed to be from the south WTH?  Absolutely no flavor at all.  Again, salt and if they were cooked with bacon, fatback, ham or ham hock it was undetectable.  So sad cause making good greens is cooking 101 in the South.\n\nI ordered Gumbo for my dinner later this evening: Ok I cut people a lot of slack when it comes to gumbo cause quite frankly there are key ingredients that make an excellent gumbo and you can only get them in Louisiana.  I learned to make gumbo from my ex-mother in law.  The first time I ever made this one of my ex's Cajun friends said, \"Damn dude she transplants easy.\"  The key to a great chicken and sausage gumbo is your roux and the sausage you use.  There is a place in Iowa, LA called Rabideaux's.  This is the BEST smoked sausage for gumbo.  For my taste and knowledge of gumbo, the gumbo here was fair but had a decent\/ok flavor for the ingredients they have to work with.  If you are not from the South and don't really know what gumbo tastes like, you will most likely enjoy it.  Although I think it is a bit pricey at $12.50 for a 10 oz bowl.  \n\nOur check for food only was $57 which wasn't terrible but long story short, I would only come here again for the catfish and sweet potato pie.  If you are from the West and have an idea of Southern cooking is but haven't spent years really knowing what it should taste like, you will probably be pleased with the food so I would encourage you to try it at least once.  If you are an experienced Southerner you will most likely, for the most part agree with me but I would still encourage you to try the food and definitely the catfish.