This place might be just be the worst restaurant I have ever been at. The food wasn't that horrible but it certainly wasn't great. \n\n1. They don't serve tap water, supposedly they are too small. \n2. If you can't, fine. Just don't charge me 1.50 for a small bottle of pure life.\n3. Today, it seems they were only taking reservations before one o'clock.  Yet they had a sign that said seat yourself and the girl at the register said we could sit anywhere.\n4. I think it was Alex the owner who was bussing tables and walked between people instead of around them the entire time. I am aware that the shortest distance is a straight line but don't make your guests uncomfortable by squeezing past me for no reason.\n5. We shared the Britain.  It was a crepe filled with undercooked potatoes and bacon and decent eggs. Maybe I don't fully grasp the crepe thing but I would suggest that crisp bacon and cooked potatoes might be more appealing.\n6. If I had one more person ask me if I wanted a desert after eating a breakfast crepe and not take no for an answer I would have screamed. They offered us a free father's day crepe when we got there and we said yes but they made us wait for something we DIDN'T ask for. \n7. One waitress we didn't know stopped to ask me about my walking dead shirt. She knew the show but only because her mom watches it. She informed us in quite a snooty fashion that she reads. Good for her.\n\nChef Agnes, what can I say? She was telling the people next to us that they were waiting so long because of the aforementioned reservation that was needed before 1 pm. Then she said it was miscommunication with the staff and that they should have never been seated and did they want some hot sauce because the crepe they ordered wasn't very flavorful.  I didn't just remember those things and put them in my own run on sentence, that is how she said it.\n\nI have been to three highly recommended crepe places on Yelp. I don't get it I guess. However, the overall weirdness of this place reminds me of that Kitchen Nightmares in Arizona with the blonde and the old guy.....so they would have to make the best food ever to get more than one star.