Located inside Seafood City, this treat shop has become my favorite part of grocery shopping. As the self-proclaimed halo-halo queen, believe me when I say that Magnolia is a must try! I sample halo-halo at every Filipino restaurant I go to and I am constantly seeking out new places to try. So much so that my dentist said I need to stop because the ice is damaging my teeth lol... but since my recent trip to the Philippines, I have been even more crazy about halo-halo and I just can't stop. \n\nHalo-halo is a popular Filipino dessert consisting of shaved ice, condensed milk, and give or take any of the following ingredients: various sweetened beans, sweetened ube (purple yam of the Philippines), various fruits (jack fruit, coconut, plantains, etc), gelatin, ice cream (most commonly ube-flavored) and leche flan (Filipino version of flan). Dubbed the MaHalo-Halo, Magnolia makes a fairly traditional halo-halo except for the crispy rice cereal on the top which is less common. This addition adds unexpected flavor and texture and I am a big fan! Weirded out by beans in a dessert? No worries, your halo-halo can be completely customized to omit or include any ingredients you'd like. You can even choose what ice cream flavor to top it off with. The best part for me, though, is the ice. It's soft and snow-like. This is not typical for halo-halo; you'll find that restaurants use ice shavers that dispense much rougher-cut ice. So, thank you Magnolia. I can eat my favorite dessert all the time without my dentist yelling at me ;) The regular-sized portion will cost you around $5, which is a good deal. On our last visit, we received a free small scoop of ice cream with our halo-halo purchase (their special at the time), sweetening the deal even further.\n\nIf halo-halo isn't your style, there are a variety of delicious ice cream flavors to choose from. They've got a few of your normal flavors if you're not too adventurous but my favorites are Buko Pandan and Mais Queso (coconut & screwpine leaves and corn & cheese, respectively). Hey, don't knock it til you try it!\n\nAdditionally, the staff is so sweet! They are happy to help and will answer any of your questions if you're not familiar with the product. They are very friendly. I LOVE great customer service like this. I'll be a repeat customer!