I would like to preface this with the fact that I emailed Aveda guest services about my negative experience, and weeks later, I've never even received a response. \n\nThat being said, I had the worst possible experience during my visit a few weeks ago. I realize that the stylists on the floor are still learning, and although I have a tremendous amount of patience, I still expect a certain amount of professionalism from my student. \n\nI did not have an appointment, but was happy to get in as a walk-in. I was assigned to Mark. I wouldn't have actually known his name since he never told me, and I had just overheard it from others. From the very start, I was never offered any rituals. I explained to him what kind of cut I wanted and he said he understood. His teacher came by, and when she asked if he had given me my ritual, he said that I just wanted the haircut. Okay.... \n\nHe shampooed me very roughly and many times kept stabbing me in my ears with his fingers then laughed about it. He used many curse words while talking with me, he told me all about the crazy old ladies he has to service, and kept cutting me off anytime he would ask me a question. It was very apparent that he was going to cut my hair how he wanted it, with or without my input. When he was \"finished\" and I expressed to him that it wasn't what I wanted, he continued to tell me how I needed to style it and that if I cut it the way I wanted it, I would look BAD. Excuse me? \n\nThank heavens for the teacher who noticed how uncomfortable I was with the situation. She came over and asked him to shampoo me again and she would show him how to do the cut. I then got the roughest shampoo, yet again, and back to the chair. The teacher was very thorough, and took great consideration for what I wanted. Meanwhile, this Mark character sat next to us complaining that he had been there for 2 hours with me to his buddies. He didn't pay any attention to his teacher who was trying to help him at all. \n\nIn the end, the teacher (I wish I knew what her name was), did an excellent job with my hair, and I love the cut! I wish I could have her attention-to-detail all the time. Mark decided to take a video of my hair, without even asking me, to post on his instagram, even though he didn't even cut it!!! If I can report the instagram photo, I will. \n\nI would like to say that I'll return again, but I seriously hope that issues like this are addressed. I would rather spend my money somewhere else for actual pampering and relaxation than take a chance with getting someone who clearly doesn't get it, again.