Located in what appears to be a seedier less cleanly street area of Toronto not far off the \"Gayborhood\" section of Toronto, it attracts a rather young mixed crowd of gays, lesbians and straights. Though the areas is definitely safe, you do have to be careful walking as the area seems to huge sidewalk traffic number of those electric wheelchairs drive at rather high speeds by people who seem to be more mentally than physically handicapped. Indeed I saw them having a number of close calls with pedestrians. \n\nThe food offerings are Thai in orientation. They have a standard menu along with a good number of daily specials. The portion sizes are, even referred to on their menu as \"tapas\" (not surprisingly a term I've never seen or heard of being used in Thailand), with various curries, a couple of fish, a simple Thai basil shrimp, a few meats and good number of vegan dishes. Though the portions are small, tapas in size, it affords a good opportunity to sample and share in their dishes. \n\nThey have a full bar and an offering of various Thai inspired signature drinks. I had their Thai Mojito, a combination of dark rum, coconut sugar syrup, mint, lime leaf, lime and lemongrass which I found to be rather refreshing. \n\nThe place is very popular, gets crowded quickly, the seating is cramped and the noise level gets to be loud, as in LOUD. When crowded you may indeed find conversation difficult of not near impossible which is rather ironic in that the name of the place, \"Sabia Sabia,\" roughly translates to meaning a place or feeling of peace and tranquility. As they also offer take-out, there is a lot of confusion between those looking for tables and those standing around waiting for their take-out orders. \n\nI had their eggplant stir-fry with Thai basil, red pepper and lemongrass, their \"Grilled Satay Chicken\" with peanut satay sauce and cucumber vinaigrette also with a couple of rice and noodle like dishes. I found each to be very good, prepared in authentic Thai style, and though the ingredients somewhat on the cheap side, fully flavorful and tasty. Four Stars.