Come later in the night for some raunchy after-dark fun!! Our table got lucky being without any under aged customers so we got the 'Only in Vegas' version of the cooking show. The restaurant itself is not very big but it has a homey feeling to it. Not too far from the main strip. The prices range from affordable to high end for entrees including lobster and crab. The portions are big as with any Teppanyaki\/Hibachi restaurant. They offer several different meat options, veggies are standard and you can have your meal with white rice or fried rice. This restaurant does not do noodles with your meal which is a little different but they replace that option with bean sprouts. Much healthier. The soup and salad here were very tasty. The broth is not your typical plain wonton or miso soup broth, it actually tasted like beef bone broth. I loved it but it was a little on the salty side. The salads were fresh and the dressing was not over-powering. I ordered a filet mignon entree. Then the show began....\n\nThere was a birthday at our table and before the cooking began, the chef brought out a very large black dildo...yes I said black dildo....he went behind the birthday girl and surprised her with it. Told her to close her eyes and then smacked her right in the face with it. Like I said...only in Vegas....then he suction cupped it to the table and went on cooking. With the fried rice, he used a penis shaped mold. How's that for not your typical fried rice.....plus some yum yum sauce squirting out of it....Soon enough I forgot this was a restaurant and I was waiting to eat. It turned into food porn for adults. The food itself was delicious. The shrimp was tender. A large portion of veggies, loaded with butter and soy sauce. My steak was done just the right about of medium rare. Our chef was very entertaining. One unique thing about Musashi is all the sauces they provide you. Besides the typical ginger and white sauce, they give you garlic butter sauce which is made fresh and it is so so so good! You definitely don't want to go on a date or kiss someone after cause it is extremely potent but so worth it. Definitely the most lively hibachi meal I've ever had.