Ok, We already all know the food here is amazing, but has anyone mentioned the staff? \n\nHonestly, every time I go to a buffet in Vegas I feel like I am left on my own. Yes, I know that is the point, but where is my waiter half the time? Even then, I feel as if they are saying to themselves \"Oh God, here is another round of people to stuff themselves\". Bacchanal Buffet is different,  in so many ways. \n\nWe came her after a very disappointing Saturday night delayed flight into Vegas for a Bachelorette party. We stayed up until 6am to make up for it.  We knew the wait would be long at Bacchanal, but just could not make it there until 12:30pm.\n\nThe hostess Erma told us to go get a time card from the machine. It printed out with a time to come back (kind of like a fast pass at Disneyland) for 3:15pm. We were so sad because the bottomless mimosa's on Sunday only go to 3:00pm and we had a whole itinerary planed for our soon to be bride. I went up to Erma to ask her if there was anything to be done. Seeing how we had a Bachelorette who's face was covered in crushed dreams, she asked to see my ticket.. and then allowed us to go in!! Erma you are the best :) \n\nThe wait was a bit long to get to our table but once there our waiter Jeff and busser Vladamir took great care of us. Jeff was amazing. He kept our mimosa's full, and even played games with us to see who had had the most to drink. We loved his humor, attention to detail, and the fact that he never let us see the bottom of our mimosa glasses ;)\n\nWe also met the manager Wolf. We actually met him when trying to find Bacchanal inside Caesars. He kindly showed us the way and mentioned he worked there. Later in our brunch he came over to our table and asked us how everything was. Upon remembering us we began joking. We ended up having a nice little banter between our server Jeff, Wolf and our table. \n\nJeff even brought an assortment of deserts from the buffet with a candle in it for our Bachelorette to blow out in a celebratory congratulations! \n\nThe food here is amazing to say the least, but the staff behind it all is equally as satisfying. I know this review seems to have a lot of info about the staff, but they truly made our experience so fun! I want to thank you for making my friends Bachelorette brunch so memorable!!  \n\nSeriously, ask for Erma, Jeff, Vladamir, and Wolf! They are amazing! \n\nAlso.... get as many crabs legs as you can. They are super fresh!! :)