Have you ever had a meal so perfect that you'll remember it forever?\n\nI did recently; it was at the SW Steakhouse at the Wynn.\n\nHere's the story:\n\nThe two of us knew we wanted one splurge-worthy, special-occasion dinner during our brief time in Vegas.  After some online research and comparison shopping of locales and menus, we decided that SW Steakhouse was the right choice.  (Michelle C.'s review was the clincher.)  The word on the grapevine was that Steve Wynn's namesake restaurant is notoriously difficult to snag reservations for, so we called ~2 weeks in advance to make reservations for 9:00pm on a Sunday night.  On the phone, the hostess was incredibly gracious, making sure we had just the seats we wanted.  She even inquired about any special occasions we might be having.  \n\nFlash forward two weeks -- and dinner has finally arrived!  As we entered the SW Steakhouse, we were immediately struck by the decor.  Elegant, sleek, and modern, but also warm and inviting, situated right on the edge of the lake.  When we made our reservation, we asked for a view of the waterfall outside, and that's exactly what the hostess delivered.  The tables were spaced far apart, so we had plency of privacy, even though the restaurant was full.\n\nFirst up: the bread basket.  The most decadent assortment I've enjoyed.  The French baguette was lovely; so was the soft pretzel.  But the bacon cheddar biscuits were orgasmic.  So savory, so decadent, so perfect.\n\nSecond: big-eye tuna ceviche.  Easily the freshest and most flavorful ceviche that has graced my lips.  The tuna was so delicate and smooth -- like butter.  The mango and grapefruit gave it an acidic kick.  The avocado cream and sesame crackers were the perfect accompaniment.\n\nMy main course: Hawaiian swordfish.  Stellar.  The sear on the swordfish was to die for.  So was the toasted pasta, whose delicate flavor and texture practically danced on my tongue.  It came with such fragrant tomato broth that I could drink cupfuls of if I had the opportunity.\n\nMy dinner companion's main course: New York strip steak.  First of all, let me confess that I'm not much of a red meat person.  I almost never eat steak.  However, when I tasted SW's strip steak, I was overjoyed.  The thick, spicy crust on this steak was completely unlike any other steak I've had.  In a city overrun with overpriced steak joints of questionable quality, SW is a diamond in the rough.  These steaks are too heavenly to pass up.\n\nThe side dish: au gratin potatoes.  Once again, SW takes a traditional dish and makes it extraordinary.  The creaminess of these potatoes was in a league of its own.  \n\nDinner was leisurely, which was just the way food like this is meant to be savored.  We probably spent 3 or so hours here.  After we each selected a couple glasses of wine to sip (Sauvignon blanc for me, Zinfandel for my dinner companion), whiling away the time became easy.  Our server was so gentlemanly and kind -- never did he make us feel rushed.  His service was the final outstanding piece to the delicious puzzle that was dining at the SW Steakhouse.\n\nDinner at SW Steakhouse isn't cheap, but the quality was worth it.  I can't dine like this everyday, but I secretly wish I could.\n\nMy compliments to the chef and amazing staff of the SW Steakhouse -- when I said I'd remember this dinner forever, I meant it.  \n\nI can't wait to be back.