A club is a club is a club, but even for this jaded Houstonian, I was impressed. There's a boatload of stuff going on in Marquee. In terms of Houstonian comparisons: the poolside ambiance from Monnalisa, the electro\/house action of Red Door, the swankiness of a place like Manor, and the occasional d-baggery of a place like Ei8ht. There's really nothing quite like it.\n\nOverall, it was an enjoyable if costly experience, and something I'm glad to have done once but will probably never actively try to do again. Here's our night in a nutshell, for those doing similar planning.\n\nBottle service for a table of 8 guys was a 3 bottle minimum, with bottles around $500. Add in tax, gratuity and extra drinks and we hit 2 grand easy.\n\nThe sales rep strongly recommended getting there by 10:30. There's a separate line for table service, but that apparently gets long too. Also, tables are taken as parties come unless you've got that special pull. Our sales rep called back the morning of the day of, which I thought was respectable.\n\nHalf our party arrived a little before 10:30, and we waited for a few stragglers. No issues getting in, and the name-check \/ deposit process was actually quite easy. Getting to our table was an experience straight out of Disneyland's Haunted Mansion, as we went into an elevator and navigated a couple hallways and stairs. I'm frankly surprised we didn't end up in some plush, movable black seats ready to become ghost hunters.\n\nThe club was plenty packed as we made our way to our table, which ended up being outside by the pool area. I assume the in-room tables are more prized, but I liked the outdoor atmosphere, far enough away from the music to hear each other talk and cool enough to feel the breeze. Yes, I'm sure I sound like an old fogey.\n\nWe toured the area at various times. I think I made it to two different floors, but judging from the reviews I don't think I ever ventured to the third venue. The pool is situated just outside the House room, and we also stumbled upon the Top 40 room as well. Poolside was honestly my favorite location in the club, for the old fogey reasons mentioned above.\n\nNo complaints at all about the service, which was efficient and well-done. Our hostess came around enough times to ensure we were sufficiently stocked and having a good time. A manager also stopped by to check on us at some point in the night.\n\nHmm, what else? Dress is fancy, obviously. Club stayed packed the entire time we were there (til 3-ish). There are gambling tables set up in the club for the addicts. Dance floors looked small, but apparently some big name DJs play here. Really close to Secret Pizza which is straight money.