Brought a 2003 GMC diesel pickup in and wanted to trade for a car. I started talking Al and Kyle and they began to work with me on getting the best price for my pickup. I realize the pickup is 13 years old and has 199,000 miles on it, but I still wanted a good deal. So they all went out to look at the pickup. This truck is tricked out with everything a truck guy wants. Lift kit, big tires, sound system, etc. Well they ended up picking out a small leak coming from the brakes up by the master cylinder. Rather than coming to me and asking me about it a guy named Steve jumps in and floors it and then slams on the brakes. He then takes off and I am left sitting there watching him spew black smoke all the way down the road going as fast as he can. He then turned and went down another street. By that time I could not see him, but could still hear him driving as fast as he could. 3 minutes later he came back and slams on the brakes again causing the antilock breaks to lock up repeatedly as he goes from 60 to 0. He gets out of my pickup and I ask him if he had a \"fun time in my pickup\" he said \"everything is still there\" and then hands Al the keys and walks off. Needless to say the deal didn't go through and now my brakes are worse off. I understand if there were questions they should have been brought to my attention where I could have explained or taken them out for a ride to give them the satisfaction that the brakes still worked totally fine, but to have some random guy jump in and treat my vehicle with such disrespect is uncalled for. I certainly didn't man handle their vehicles that I test drove and I expect the same with mine. We spent 4 hours there only to walk away feeling really mistreated and disrespected. If you take a vehicle in make sure you keep your keys and if they want to take your vehicle for a ride you go with them to make sure what happened to us doesn't happen to you. #kia #norespect #customerunappreciationday #mistreatedandabused #stevedontcareitsnothiscar #neverdobusinessatkiaagain