Just arrived in Vegas, which was our first night, I decided to check out Café Sanuki for dinner. \n\nThere are tons of dining options, when in Vegas and I picked Café Sanuki based on the almost 5 stars reviews, food pics, & that its been so long I had Udon soup. Another reason is that I don't want to deal with the lines back in Honolulu  at a place similar to Café Sanuki which is Marukame Udon. \n\nThe hubby drove me down to Spring Mountain from our hotel. The parking lot was packed that night, but we were able to find a spot farther from Cafe Sanuki. Café Sanuki is located in the right corner of this strip mall. Upon entering, the café is really cool, feels like I am in Japan, with all the cute fake food display. It is cafeteria style with lots of seating. \n\nI thought that from reading the reviews, tips, & photos, I would be ready to order, but I still took awhile to decide. Too many choices! We placed our order and here is where my complaints begin. Our order were: Curry Udon (6.80) Kitsune Udon, (6.45) add egg (1.00) add mini curry rice (2.50) Fish cake tempura (1.75) sweet potato tempura (1.25). When I paid for my food, I didn't get the mini curry. When I asked cashier, Gabby, she asked, did you get a beeper? No beeper, did not receive one, so she said she will bring it out. 5 mins pass, 7 mins pass by, I still don't see my mini curry. I walked by the register to ask about it and Gabby said that they are prepping it, because they have to cook it. I noticed 2 other table that ordered the big bowl curry received theirs. I also see the pot of already made curry sauce. Gabby wasn't very friendly and talking back to customer isn't 5 stars in my opinion. She cannot admit that she forgot about my order. The entire time waiting for my curry my Udon soup was cold. I received my Udon soup lukewarm so the egg didn't really cook, the egg was still raw which I can't stand.\n\nOverall, my other half enjoyed his meal. The soup wasn't too salty which is good. Cafe Sanuki is an awesome addition to Las Vegas and cheap. My visit was a disappointment. Happy that I can cross this off my bookmarks. \n\nOh, FYI\/ Free drink with Yelp check in & super cool that they have a Self serve Calpico yogurt drink.