Easily my favorite club in Vegas, so far. It's not that I don't enjoy other LV clubs, it's just that Drais has a feeling of exclusivity to it; it's not overrun with crazy audio visuals, pryotechnics, acrobats and waterfalls and the DJs play something other than shitty US Top 40 Gwen Stefani-Fergie-Akon-Chris Brown mashups. Drais has sexy ambiance, erotic artwork, banging house music, tropical foliage and all the hardcore truly nocturnal Vegas partiers in one club. Totally my scene.\n\nAfter half of our party was exhausted after back to back activities from about 6pm going from the Vodka Vault at Red Square in Mandalay Bay, to Ghostbar, Moon and Playboy at the Palms, then to have a pig out session at Fat Burger on the strip, two out of the four girls then wanted to go to bed.... just after 12am! WTF?! I STAY UP LATER THAN THIS AT HOME ON A SCHOOL NIGHT! Unsympathetic, I told them, FUCK THAT I'M GOING TO DRAIS. And they have no idea what they missed.\n\nSo my only nocturnal friend and I began the trek up to a casino so we could take a taxi to Drais; we had no idea its location. So, we walk, see some shirtless dancing man on drugs dancing and the cops just looking at him, right next to some outside karaoke bar. Only momentarily distracted, we continue on. Well, no taxi station at Planet Hollywood in sight, so we continue and end up at Paris, hop in a cab, and it turns out Drais was only another blocks walking distance at Bill's Gambling Hall. Eureka, we have found it!\n\nTipsy and angsty, we quickly go to the bathroom to freshen up before heading downstairs to the club. One of the bathroom attendants, an older lady, said to my friend and I, \"well don't you ladies look nice tonight, you must be going to Drais\", and we replied \"aw, thanks, yes, we're celebrating our 21st birthdays and, well the other two birthday girls went to bed early\", and she said \"well have yourself a good time, and take these two tickets to get in Drais for free\". This was a good omen; our night that was almost foiled by two party poopers (and frugal ones at that) just got better, by tenfold.\n\nJust across the casino we see the sign and a staircase, so we descend into Drais. This was a Saturday and there was no line; we must've been there around 1am and the whole entry process took no more than 5 minutes. Drais is dark and sultry, with plants, paintings of naked women, and lush upholstery. There are two rooms, but we only had access to one because I think the other was for either a private party or just an VIP room, but that room was hiphop and the main room was house music. I believe there was a $50 minimum credit card tab at the bar, but that's easy to clear with two people. We danced the AM hours away until our feet couldn't take it any longer. Drais was the perfect cure for sheer and utter disappointment from our crybaby friends, who claimed they wanted to go to Sin City so bad to escape from it all and party like rockstars. Well, my friend and I partied enough for all four of us. I can't wait to visit again, and next time we're getting bottle service for sure.\n\nLOVED IT.