I have been a long time customer of Wan Fu over the last 10 years and I must say last nights experience was pretty bad.  Christmas Eve, I get it that it's going to be busy and as usual I called for a reservation because it's the polite thing to do and I hate waiting. I called a bit late and they only had 4 pm open.\n\nMe and my party got there at 4 which turned out to be their opening time.  I was greeted by the Manager who is always there.  He was nice as always and we were promptly seated.  Table of 6 which included a booth for 4 and a table set alongside.  A little uncomfortable but no problem.  The server who waited on us has been there for quite a while and has waited on us in the past.  We ordered an appetizer for the table of lettuce wraps and she basically told us that because of it being Christmas Eve the appetizers were going to come out with our entrée.  She explained it in her broken English and I thought she meant that the kids meals would come out with the appetizers which is what I wanted anyway since my kids take like 10 years to eat a meal.  \n\nOur lettuce wraps show up and so do about 10 other plates which included our entrees, rice, kids meals.  You couldn't see the table there was so much food. My # 1 pet Peeve at a restaurant when they cannot time the food properly enough to give you time to enjoy the food. I was pissed!  Chinese food doesn't take that long to cook and it was like a race for us to spend our money and get the heck out of there.  So, I and the rest of my party scarfed down our food and before I knew it while the pit was forming in my pre Christmas Day stomach the check was handed to us and we were basically being shown the door so they could get the next party in.\n\nI told the Manager about the experience and he explained that it was because of the \"circumstances of the evening\".  It was 4:00 and they were not busy at the time and I, being a long term customer don't appreciate being hurried when there was no reason to do so, except for the fact that you can't manage your kitchen.  If you can't handle it, don't open the effin restaurant.  \n\nWan Fu better open their eyes up to the reality that there are other options out there and you don't get repeat business, especially from long term customers by providing them crappy service.  I don't care how good your food is.\n\nGoodbye Wan Fu......