So, you can hum the tune to the 12 Days of Christmas for this:\n\"On the 4th day of Ju-ly, the Brick store gave to me:\n-One late delivery\n-One filthy armchair\n-One broken ottoman\nAnd a dining table missing a screw...\"\n\nTrying to catalogue the full extent of the nightmare that has been my experience at the Brick would take pages, so I'll attempt to synopsise.\n\nI ended up in the store because I had moved to Toronto and had an apartment with a bed and nothing else.  Roughing it ceased to seem like fun many years ago so I was pretty desperate to get furniture and the Brick seemed pretty cheap and an easy way to get everything in one fell swoop.  Actually, it would have been easier to go fell some trees and whittle my own...but I didn't know that then.\n\n-The store looks pretty good.  Not fantastic furniture but seemed pretty decent for the price.  I was there on June 30th.\n-Should probably have walked out when sales assistant initially trailed me around asking if I had decided yet (repeatedly) and then let me wait while he dealt with someone else...but I really wanted some furniture\n-Most of the couches I wanted were not due in for a month so I went with one that was nice enough and picked out a little dining table, 4 chairs, a side display unit, small armchair and an ottoman.\n-Couch, table, armchair and ottoman available immediately (next available date July 4th); rest due in July 8th.  I had chosen a chest of drawers from the clearance section and asked for it to be delivered in the 2nd delivery.\n-My credit card needed authorisation (Irish, big bill) and they told me to ring on my mobile.  \n-Was told Sunday delivery would be morning-actually 2pm.  Not good when you have to book an elevator\n-I got an OK couch, a filthy cream chair covered in black smudges and blue lines and an ottoman with a broken leg.   The table was self assembly and needed 8 screws.  One of them was a nail type thing instead.\n-Rang customer service...they said the items could be replaced on Thursday (8th).  It didn't happen\n-Got a message about my second delivery on Wed 7th saying they would be there at 5pm.  I had not arranged this date.  No contact number available to tell them that I would not be there.  They arrived and would not wait until I got home from work.  Rescheduled.\n-Asked customer service if I could cancel the order.  They said a manager would ring me.  They didn't.\n-Delivery service rang yesterday (Sat 10th) saying they had my chairs etc and chest.  Said I didn't want the chairs.  Attempted to ring customer service.  They were busy apparently.  They would ring back.  They didn't.\n-Delivery guy gave slot of 12-3pm.  Rang at 3pm saying he'd arrive at 4pm.  Arrived at 6.50pm.\n-Chairs provided with no screws to affix seat pad to chair.  Side display unit missing holes for screws.\n-Rang customer service.  Manager to ring me back.  Didn't.\n\nHave emailed and spent far too long on the phone.  My apartment now contains a dirty armchair, a broken ottoman, a shelving unit that can't be made, chairs with unattached seat pads and a table that is still missing a bit.  Customer service are not helping and I have paid almost $1000 for total crap.\n\nThe Brick might seem glossy and like a nice way of saving money but the Prozac and Valium you will take when you see the rubbish you get more than cancels out any savings.  Just don't do it!