I can hardly write my review because I keep getting sticky hands from this adobo.  \n\nThe only experience I have with Filipino food was adobo from a fair I went to.  I used to have Filipino coworkers who would always TALK about the food, but when potluck time came around, nothing.\n\nAnyway, the place is small and not much space to move around.  The food is in trays and you pick what you want.  \n\nI got the 2 picks and knew I wanted adobo, but asked the guy what else is good.  He gave me pancit which looked like lo mein or something.  Then he asked me if I wanted cantaloupe juice.  It took me by surprise when he pointed to this huge vat of orange, icy, slushiness...I stuttered and said \"YEAH!!!\"\nI was about to check out when I saw somebody (I guess one of the owners or family or somethin') putting something in a bowl.  I asked what it was and the heck if I can spell what they said, but it turns out it was some kind of tripe in a white gravy with rice.  Then another guy came and got something that looked awesome as well, which was pork snout.  They gave me a sample of the snout and yeah, the relationship was instant.  Pig nose and me are now friends.\n\nSo I have here in front of me is pancit, chicken adobo, pork snout and cantaloupe juice.  I haven't had such a great meal in a while.  All this stuff tastes just as good as I imagined it would when my coworkers would torture me with mouth-watering descriptions of the stuff.\n\nThe cantaloupe juicy is unbelievable...I mean the juice of something as delectable as cantaloupe has no choice but to be heavenly, and it is.  I cannot see myself going without it for more than a week.\n\nThe adobo is tender and juicy.  The pancit is not dry like I thought it would be, and has a great taste.  The pork snout is just amazing...its got a tang to it that I can't really describe, but also can't get enough of.\n\nI can't remember what it all cost me, I didn't care after I sampled the snout.  But I got a lot of change back from a $20, so...unless it was all 1's then its not expensive.\n\nThe people inside were all Filipino and friendly enough to a newcomer.  I've always wanted to connect with my other nationality, and good food is always a great way to do so.  I know I'll be back whenever I can.  And from what I can understand the other side of the place is some kind of entertainment area, and I think one of the other reviewers said its a karaoke thing.  Cool.\n\nDon't be afraid of Filipino food, folks.  Its hard to compare it to other cuisines, especially because I'm not well traveled in the culinary world.  But I would immediately recommend it, even to the guy who only trusts hot dogs and fried chicken.