Popped into Mora a couple times now.  Beautiful décor from the art, to the colors, to the bar top, to the big glass doors and very open kitchen.  Very trendy and lively.  Nearly everything I've tried there has been pretty good to great.  Their cocktails are fantastic.  My experience with the service has been great anytime I've been in there.  Which brings me to my story.\n\nMy girlfriend and I don't side seat.  And if we did, we would never attempt to do so when it clearly impacted someone else's space.  Common courtesy, keeps the world from going into full blown chaos like what you have in San Francisco with people defecating in the streets.  Yeah, I blame side seating for why turd alert apps exist.  I digress.\n\nSo here we are, sitting across from one another trying to enjoy ourselves next to some old pretentious douche and this girl who can't stop shuffling through pictures of her favorite selfies showing him - every reaction by the way being as equally jaded as the last.  This guy is essentially insider trading.  He already knows he'll get laid later, why put out the effort to care.  You only act like you're surprised that you pulled off a massively lucrative stock trade when the SEC is looking your way.  I hold no such credentials though, so he proceeded to just sit there and bitch about how salty his food was and how slow the service was.  Oh yeah, and constantly shuffle his table back and forth taking away more, and more space away from my girlfriend.\n\nKeep in mind, this guy had already flipped his table to the side before we were even sat next to him so that he and his walking selfie could side seat.  It's not like he was even making an attempt to contain himself from there.  Legs kicked out, hands resting uncomfortably close to my girlfriends limited space.  I think what really got us though was just how badly he was treating his server - mind you, the server was composing himself pretty damn well all things considered.  I mean shit, he was probably beating a busser in the back with a tray at that very moment, but is a man not to express at least a little rage?  \n\nThat's probably what ended up pushing us to do what we do best.  Passive aggressively talk shit just loud enough to throw off his already weak game.  Even pulled the server to the side a few times acting like I had questions on the menu, but was in reality letting him know that we knew about the current struggle.  Plus, I had a lot of jokes about spiked dildos to tell this guy.  It was like good humor philanthropy.  Again, common courtesy.  Eventually, it was time for them to go.  He let the server know that they'd be back in a few months and will give the place one more try.  Hah.  Barf, right?  He then packed up his selfie stick and then proceeded to unlock my final fuck I had to give.  The guy, instead of scooching along the side where there wasn't anyone else, had to squeeze past the limited space he had created in the first place, and slide his old ass on our table.  Oh, so this is the direction we're going to take it in.  Ok.  Ok.\n\n\"Yo, dude, get your ass off our table.  Like, really.  Jesus Christ.  You're pushing my water around.  Your ass, is in my water.  Beat it.\"\n\nThis lizard person had the audacity, mid way through pulling splinters out of his ass cheeks, to turn around and look shocked that anything was said.  I'll never forget that look.  That was the look of a complete lack of indignity.  That was the look of the world being his oyster, and he was going to fucking sit his wrinkly ass in that half shell.\n\n\"Well, at least it's a nice ass?\"  He says, nervously chuckling.\n\n\"Nice ass, best ass, Kardashian ass, worst ass, I don't give a fuck.  Get your ass, off our table.  Have a good night, beat it, bye, toodles.  Jesus Christ.\"\n\nAnd that was that.  We laughed for a bit with the other servers.  One came over and said that we made that other guys night.  I wonder if that old man ever came back in, or if that giant, botox'd up cellphone \"likes\" gargling, selfie stick of a woman literally blew him to death.  It's possible, given the mans age and extreme aversion to salt.  Clearly was monitoring some heart problems there.  Moral of the story though?  Be nice to your servers.  And don't side seat.  No one likes it.  Get over yourself.  You're not that much in love.  I'm out.