Not one to give negative reviews all that often so sadly Gap, you've disappointed me!  Having visited this location many times before I feel I can give an honest and unbiased opinion.  \n\nOn this day in particular I visited to buy some \"Gap Fit\" items.  I had placed an order online just 2 days prior and received an email shortly after telling me that the items I wanted were sold out.  Kinda crappy but I get it.  To my surprise the store did not have what I wanted and to be quite honest it was slim pickens!!!  They had a small selection of gym clothes.  It's pretty weird considering they have an entire section of the store dedicated the Gap Fit.  Needless to say I picked through and went to the register.  I explained to the cashier my issue with the online gap store and she was very sweet and empathetic.  I had a 40% off code when I placed my order online so I asked if she could honor this.  I had my \"proof\" to show her that I wasn't some POS looking for a deal.  She understood and got her manager.  The manager was not so empathetic and basically said no.  After a lot of back and forth she finally decided to give me 40% off one item.  Shitty if you ask me.  I was buying 3 items.  Whatever.  She explained that they are completely independent of the online store.  Weird considering one can make returns of online purchases.  It's ok though!  With downtown summerlin just up the street I don't HAVE to visit this location or gap for that matter anymore.\n\nEnough of my rant on the Gap Fit crap.  This store is rather large but has a weird set up with not a large selection of clothing.  The men's section is tiny and they don't offer all sizes as can be found online.  Asked for some size 35\/30 men's jeans and the gal was so unfriendly and basically said \"no\" what we have is what we have.  Well no shit! Do you ever have this size.  After having to pull it out of her she said only if it's a returned item would we have this size.  Gap, you are very disappointing.  The upper management ladies here are (imo) bitchy to say the least.  \n\nOnly way I would ever return to this store is if I were completely desperate.