A friend and I came here last night to have their Golden Week prix fixe menu offered during two weeks coinciding with the Golden Week in China.  Except for a service glitch, the meal was excellent!\n\nMy dining companion and I decided we'd like to try the crab and sweet corn soup as well.  This was brought first and even though we were sharing, we were not brought smaller, separate bowls so we just ate out of our communal soup bowl.  The soup was not exceptional in any way.  In fact, I tasted just like egg drop soup.  \n\nWe were not finished with this extra soup when servers brought out our small eats--the Peking duck and the steamed dim sum platter.  This was the first of two times when we were rushed by bringing out dishes when we weren't ready.  It didn't happen again when it was made clear that they should hold up on more main dishes.\n\nThe Peking duck was fantastic.  Small pieces of duck with a small amount of breast with crispy skin, a thin rectangular pancake, and some crispy cucumber.  The duck was topped by Tsar Nicoulai Reserve caviar.  The flavors of the caviar with the duck and the crispy cucumber was great.  The dim sum platter consisted of har gau, scallop shumai, a perch dumpling, and a black pepper duck dumpling.  The flavors were again wonderful!\n\nThe mains started arriving a bit too quickly and this is where we asked them to wait until we were finished with these first ones.  The three mains brought out were the braised whole sea bass in claypot, the crispy prawn, and the fried rice with diced abalone.  The crispy prawn was a spicy dish.  It had three green peppers with heat and it was served with dried chili and cashew nuts.  The sea bass was perfectly cooked and there were nice pieces of tofu with the bass.  The fried rice was very good!\n\nAfter a break, we got the last two mains--spicy Szechuan rib-eye beef and the roasted crispy chicken.  The beef was a star of the meal.  The beef was in a rich sauce, not very spicy at all despite its name, and served on a bed on enoki mushrooms.  The chicken was fairly moist and the crispy skin was a delight.  The mushrooms with the chicken were wild mushrooms and the chicken was in an oyster sauce.  \n\nFor dessert, we got black sesame and chocolate dumplings with ginger\/yuzu tea.  There were some small boba like lime balls on the dumplings and the dumplings were filled with a semi-sweet chocolate.  Wow!  What a way to end the meal.\n\nWe were each given a large Hakkasan bag--a takeaway gift--of two yuzu macarons with a chocolate cream filling.  They did make it home, but I ate them later.  The chocolate cream and the macarons were perfect!\n\nThis was a special meal and it's not a 5 star review for me this time because of the service.  With a meal like this, pacing should have been better and dishes not brought out before others were finished.  Our server, Leigh, was very knowledgable and very pleasant and she answered questions when we posed them.\n\nHakkasan remains high on my list.  It is Las Vegas Strip pricing plus, but I think it's worth the splurge now and then.