A childhood friend of mine from the Denver area was visiting Phoenix, and I wanted to take her out to dinner to a place that wasn't stuffy, somewhat hip and modern, with an interesting menu. Then I thought of Fez. My other girlfriends have raved about the place, and I was going to take their word for it.\n\nIt was a Tuesday night, the place was filled, but not packed, we quickly got a table and were gently reminded by the hostess that Tuesdays are when SKYY martinis are $5...you cannot even imagine how much my blood pressure went up when I heard these endearing words come out of the hostess' mouth! Wide-eyed, my friend and I quickly glanced at the martini\/specialty drinks menu. I ordered the pomegranitini and she ordered the honeydew melon martini...\n\nTo accompany our dinner staples (the martinis, of course), she ordered shrimp kisra, and I, the lamb kisra. Not knowing what a \"kisra\" was, our waitress explained that it was a flatbread with all these toppings on it...simple enough.\n\nThe kisras came and they were basically pimped-out pizzas with more greenery than guys would like. My lamb was good...impressive, but not one of those: \"Holy molasses, maw, this here flattened bread with them fixin's on it really hits me right on the spot..oooo-eee!\" No, not one of those, but it was good enough for me to consider coming back and giving the other items in the menu a try. My friend quite enjoyed her shrimp kisra, and thought it was \"darn good for a Mediterranean-American fusion kind of grub.\" No complaints. But by golly, we wanted more of whatever we were drinking! So we ordered another round.\n\nJust as we were about to take a sip of our second round of drinks, guess who walks in?!!! Gov. Janet Napolitano. I quickly informed my friend that the Governor is dining here this evening, and she, at that point a bit inebriated, was just flat-out impressed with my choice of restaurant...brownie points for the Phoenician! \n\nOf course, the rest of the evening I spent glancing over at the Governor's table trying to see if  she was taking advantage of the $5 SKYY martini special as well. I would've highly recommended the pomegranitini to her and her aide, and maybe the SKYY High (with dry vermouth) for her Secret Service-looking posse!\n\nAfter the third round of -tinis, my friend and I both agreed that FEZ is worth visiting again...especially for the drinks. It's not the kind of restaurant hard-core foodies would be impressed with, but definitely the kind of place where a group of friends can just hang out and relax after a hard day's work...or a place where one can give the Governor a piece of his\/her mind over tart apple martinis. \n\nI think she'd like that...