Saw some signage for a new nail salon \"opening soon\" in my area and got a bit giddy. Yes, this is what my life has become - all about convenience.\n\nWhen they opened weeks later, I called and made an appointment for a shellac manicure. Since it was there grand opening, 30% off all nail services. SCORE....... I thought.\n\nArriving at the salon it looked clean and not really busy. Only one other customer was having services done when I arrived. I noticed three employees were working(doing things around the salon) and one approached me and I told her I was there for my appointment.  I was seated at a table right away. I was provided the clip of all the nail color options and proceeded to pick #96. A nice deep red. Perfect.\n\nTracey was my nail technician and she seemed friendly. She told me how busy they were since they opened, which I thought was great since they are a new local business and new to the area. Love that so many people are supporting them. A few times during my manicure she referenced how allot of cheap people were coming into the salon and people who don't tip well. I thought this was quiet strange to say since they were having a grand opening special for 3 weeks and offering 30% off? I don't think people are cheap if they are taking advantage of a sale? I don't classify myself cheap, however if there is a sale on something I want - I am not going to complain. I also thought her mentioning how people don't tip well, wasn't ideal to stale to a brand new customer and a person in for the first time. It took me a little back since, I go to many places to get my nails done and I really like the talking to a minimum and if there is talking, just basic day to day things work fine. I keep away from deep conversation or conversation about religion and politics. I just want a shellac manicure, not looking to solve world hunger!\n\nMy manicure was great. The color, finish and that it took under 30 minutes. This place isn't the pamper type of place. More so get in and get out. No offer of a drink, a hand massage or anything extra. Just your basic nail place with no extras.\n\nPaid at the counter and made sure to tip quiet well. Only because it was a sale and I remember Tracey comments of \"cheap people and not tipping well\". I didn't want to offend her and tipped more than I usually would for this type of service.\n\nLeft and was on my way. Even posted a picture on YELP on my new red manicure. Would have provided 4 stars (yes, even with the comments from the nail technician)\n\nNext day I woke up with a really swollen and itchy right hand. Thought nothing of it. The day after that, the same right hand had now produced blisters by my nails. Eep!!!!!!!  Went to a walk in clinic since I honestly thought I was allergic to something, but thought it was so strange it was only on one hand? The Dr looked and within a minute advised me I had a fungal nail infection. YUCK!!!! She started to ask me questions of where or what I may have handled in the last few days. I advised her nothing. She asked me if I may have been to some nail salon, which I had remembered that less than 48 hours prior I was at Vignette Nails getting a manicure (which happens to be 2 doors down from this walk -in clinic) Dr was surprised since she stated that place just opened! Which even surprised me, since I was aware they were new. I have been getting manicures\/pedicures for the last 10+ years on a very regular basis and not always at the best places and never had any issues, so to know now that I got an infection at a brand spanking new place made me feel sick. She prescribed me some cream, took a swab sample of my nails and advised me I need to make the salon aware. YUCK!\n\nI left and thought about going into the salon to let them know but instead went home and called them right away. I needed to calm down first. I was advised that the owner isn't there often but would call me back about \"my issue\". That was over 3 weeks ago and never heard from anyone at this salon. I wasn't calling them to complain or to get a refund, just make them aware that they need to do a better job sanitizing their nail tools. For a new salon, this isn't acceptable. Because I got the yucky infection and no call back from the salon, this is why I am giving them such a poor review.\n\nPhoto attached of my infected right hand.YUCK!!!!!!