UPDATE 7\/4\/2017\nJust to reiterate again how useless this security company is that is paid by our community. A few days ago notices went out to all residents that fireworks would not be tolerated on complex property whatsoever and would result in fines and even eviction. It stated that security (this company) would be vigilant and non-tolerant of anyone doing it and to call them if it was occurring. So fast forward to tonight and of course it's occurring. At the main entrance where cars have to pull in. We had to stop our car and wait for one to finish that's how blatant it was. I'm on hold with this company and then I notice one of their guys patrolling the clubhouse walks right by the group doing it and doesn't say a word to them. Just goes on about his business. We say something to him and question why he's not doing anything and his sarcastic response was \"ok and?\" Then finished with \"guess I'll go get right and that\". Just completely rude and uncaring. What are they paid for ??\n\nI would've  given a 3 or 4 star review prior to last night but they really pissed me off.\nThey are the contracted security company for our apartment complex and are supposed to respond to tag\/tow vehicles that park in residents assigned spots. We have a handicapped Individual that resides with us and we absolutely need OUR assigned parking spot especially overnight when the parking is very tight. Some inconsiderate person parks in our assigned  spot at approximately 9 pm when we noticed it. Between 10pm and 3 am three separate calls were made to this security dispatch to at least come tag it for tow and take the report\/vehicle information. Finally gave up and went to bed. Figured they would've showed up at some point and put the tag on it. Wake up the next morning and guess what no tag they never even showed up. The car is still parked there at 10am the next morning. If they would've done their job like they are supposed to o could've had the apartment get it towed this morning. They are a joke.