The best first class service and food.  Cheap flights to Portland, easy gate service at Terminal 3 in Vegas.  I've been asking Sky Chefs and Alaska for their egg recipe!  I actually always fly out early cause of the fluffy amazing eggs.  I'm disappointed when they serve something different than eggs lol.  \n\nThe only reason I give a four star is because of one rude lady with what I call a 'bird nest' hairdo, which they knew who she was immediately at PDX when I filed the complaint.  I was there 5 minutes before the cut off time.  She refused to check me in.  I walked back out and into the line again to another representative who was happy to check me in.  The other lady hassled me and argued.  I walked away quietly to the other lady who told me she had no clue why that lady wouldn't check me in.  Totally uncalled for experience, but at least I could fill out my complaint on board, online which was very convenient and they were all so helpful, except for her.  Now, whenever I see her she gives me dirty looks.  Bizarre.  \n\nAlso on the night flights they only serve cookies, I'm starving and want more so just eat at the airport or a nice dinner somewhere before my flight.  So keep in mind that you only get dessert flying short distances, in first class at night.  I also love Seattles Best Chocolates that come with your lunch mmm the Sea Salt and Chocolate... unbelievable and great way to market!  \n\nAnother important point to keep in mind is that if you 'upgrade' to first class you do not get into the board room.  Also Terminal 3 in Vegas has no VIP board room and that is the terminal for Alaska, which isn't their fault.  Terminal 3 should have a board room, Terminal 1 does.  \n\nOverall, they are one of the top airlines to me and have an excellent rewards program.  For every 25,000 points you get a free flight or something like that, but it last for two years.  I have been a frequent customer of Alaska Airlines as you can see so to verify these are over a year, monthly travels so I would consider myself an excellent critic of flying.  I will see you soon Alaska Airlines so hope it will be five stars!