Arrghhh, I hit a key accidentally and my almost-complete review disappeared!  To re-create:\n\nIt was senile dementia that brought us to the Cheesecake Factory.  Let me explain: Friends were visiting from CA, and after we sat around drinking wine and munching on cheese and crackers, we turned to the serious problem of where to go for dinner.  The couple has been to Vegas often, but mostly in the SW valley, where their son lives.  Herb came up with the brilliant suggestion to go to Mixx, and I readily agreed, thinking it would be something different for them.\n\nWe were presented with menus and water, and as I was explaining the bowl concept to them, I suddenly had a Duh! moment, and realized that the very next night we were going to meet a group of neighbors for Happy Hour in this very restaurant.  We had already decided that at HH we'd order two Fresh Market big bowls instead of the HH apps, so that we could take home leftovers, my favorite meal.  But we didn't remember any of that when we set out for Mixx.  We certainly weren't going to do that two nights in a row.  So, completely chagrined, we told the waitress we'd see her tomorrow night.  Cheesecake Factory, being right next door, was the obvious substitute, since we didn't want to start thinking all over again.\n\nAll four of us ordered from the Skinnylicious menu, probably in atonement for the excesses of Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year's.  Our friend had the Flatbread with Pear and Blue Cheese, and loved it.  His wife had the Lettuce Wraps, picking the Asian \"tacos.\"  The dish looked beautiful, and she enjoyed it.\n\nMy husband ordered a Turkey and Avocado sandwich, which came on a bun with a bowl of salad, and he liked his, too.\n\nAnd then there was me, deciding on the skinny version of the Turkey Burger. Wanting a change from buns, I chose the wheat baguette. And ranch on the side for my salad.  As soon as my fork touched the burger, it fell apart, but it tasted okay.  But that wheat baguette was no wheat baguette.  It was more like pumpernickel, and it was SWEET!  So were the caramelized onions - adding sugar is a sloppy shortcut for the slow cooking that renders them naturally sweet.  My salad didn't come with the ranch dressing I asked for.  Instead, it had the house dressing already on it.  Lots of it.  When the waiter brought a new salad and the ranch, that dressing turned out to be strangely sweet, too.  Sweet ranch??? Yuk, and yuk also for the salad, which was a sizable portion, but completely different from the one my husband got.  Not my kind of mix.\n\nService was impersonally okay, but just average.  Three of us four liked what we ordered.  I'm the outlier, but I'm the one writing the review, so I get to give it three stars.  And I'm being generous.