I can't believe I'm about to blow my chances of getting threaded for my brows with my review of this joint. My days of Sasquatch begins now. Ragtops Salon & Spa blows! \nPrior to moving to AZ, I did a bit of research on places to get threaded. Okay, so my research was minimal but I thought I stumbled upon my new favorite salon after a few solid reviews of Ragtops, Rambha in particular. I knew she was difficult to book on some level so I planned a visit a week in advance. I called the \"receptionist\" and specifically told her that I need to make an appointment for threading and a manicure. She said the best way to go about that is to \"book an appointment with Rambha and then a nail tech would be available when Rambha is finished with me\". So I took her advice and booked an appointment with Rambha. My appointment was set for 2:35pm on a Tuesday afternoon. I decided to drive up to Ragtops a bit early trying to avoid getting lost or hitting traffic. I arrived at 2pm. \nThe salon is located in the least picturesque strip mall. The interior didn't help either. When I walked in, I saw a full service \"hair salon\" to my right. This is the side that carries an awful stench of bleach and burnt foils. Not to mention the outdated photos of 1980s hairstyles hung on the walls. Bleck! Nothing about that salon screamed modern. To my left was a bunch of closed doors. Smack dab in the reception area is an empty reception desk with a large sign that demands the customer to \"page their stylist\" by typing an assigned number on an ach\/debit\/credit card looking keypad. Just wondering what would happen if I did not have an appointment, would typing any number guarantee a stylist would show up at the door to greet me? That remains to be seen. I did have an appointment and did happen to show up early so I tried my luck and typed Rambha's number, sat down and thumbed through some magazines. About 2:30pm rolled around and I was still sitting there. Hmmm not good. Then 2:45pm and I heard a door on my left open and it was Rambha with a look of confusion on her face. She waved myself and another lady down to her and asked if we were there for our appointment. I told her my appointment was set for 2:35pm and I arrived at 2pm. The other lady mentioned her appointment was at 2:00pm and just arrived 5 minutes ago when Rambha was \"paged\". She apologized for falling behind schedule and was quick to put some of the blame on us for not sitting on her side of the salon. (Not that I knew which side she was located since there was no receptionist to confer with).  So she asked which of us would like to go first. Being fair, I suggested the lady go first since her appointment was at 2pm. On their way to Rambha's room, another customer waiting \"patiently\" since 2:15pm was quick to interrupt them because her appointment was set for 2:15pm and she was there since 2pm. After a bit of arguing, this lady agreed to go after I had my appointment since I waited the longest. \nWas the appointment worth the wait? Hells no! It felt like an assembly line with one worker. Before the first lady left the room, Rambha had me on the table threading like a madwoman. She left the door open and the 2:15 appointment popped in to make her argument that she should have been first to get threaded. It seriously felt like an episode of Sally Jessy! That's right I said Sally Jessy, if you were in the salon you would agree with the homage to bad 80s TV. Getting back to my threading. It was sloppy and tense, so bad the thread snapped. Good grief!  I kept telling myself, this can't be good if this is the only place I could go to get threaded. \nFinally the appointment was ending. After a glance in the mirror and an anguished look on my face, I asked how much. She charged me $25 for the eyebrows and upper lip. I winced, $25! Fine, I wrote a check and because I have no backbone, I left a $5 tip and took off.  I didn't bother to wait for a manicure. I wanted to get the hell out of that place. When I got home, I took a longer look at the mirror and noticed the crappy job she did. Not only that I read one of the latest reviews and noticed, she overcharged me. Grrr!