Had planned to meet up with Yelp buds Angela T and Kurdy S before my last visit to AZ.  Kurdy suggested meeting up at this place for dinner on a Friday night.  Learned that it had been featured on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and I think I vaguely remember seeing that episode. I have been to several restaurants I have seen featured on this show and the food is not always as great as Guy Fieri makes them seem, so was hoping this wasn't the case here. \n\nGlad my friends had made reservations for us as this place was pretty busy later on a Friday night.  They offer complimentary valet for parking here down the side driveway to the left of the restaurant.  \n\nThere is a patio area up front and a bar to the left side upon entering and dining area in back of restaurant and seating upstairs. The restaurant is modern and open and pretty packed with tables in the dining area we were sat in.  Out waitress was friendly and helpful in explaining menu items to us.  Had ordered some of the things featured on the TV show to see if they stood out or not.  \n\nTheir bar drink menu consisted of wine, draft, can and bottled beer, and specialty cocktails.  I wanted a cocktail on this warm Phoenix evening, so I opted for the Cucumber Cooler.  This was gin, muddle cucumber and freshly squeezed lemonade.  This was delicious and really refreshing.  I enjoyed all the components of this drink ;)  The seasonal menu is American cuisine and they state that they pride themselves on using quality ingredients.  My friends ordered the bread that this restaurant is famous for.  This was warm and freshly made and tasty.  Our table ended up getting several things and kinda sharing. I think I am remembering correctly, but am not sure if I got everything as we were chatting a lot and I might have forgotten to take pictures of something.  I do have pictures of the Heirloom Tomato with Burrata Cheese, Cucumbers and Garlic Toast, Mussels and Chorizo, The Moroccan Meatballs and the Pig Dip.  The Pig Dip was roasted pork loin, bacon, pork jus, onion marmalade,dijon and Gruyere on a baguette.  This was one of the things featured on the show.  I thought this was pretty good but not one of the my favorites of the evening.  I would have to say that the Moroccan Meatballs and Chorizo and Clams stood out more as more flavorful dishes.  The meatballs were ample-sized and in a nicely spiced tomato sauce with cheese, pearl pasta and garlic toast.  These were unique and very tasty.  I am a girl who loves her bivalves, so I never pass up a dish with clams or mussels.  The Mussels and Chorizo were outstanding.  The tomato broth had added flavor from the slightly spicy chorizo and were delicious with the mussels.  The St. Francis bread was tasty to use to sop up this yummy broth. \n\nService by staff was friendly and attentive.  Tables are packed pretty tight on the main floor of the dining area and it was very crowded on the Friday evening we were there.  I would highly recommend making a reservation at this place and am glad that my friends had done so for us. St. Francis was a nice place to meet up for good food and drink and catch up with my friends in the heart of Phoenix.