There is never a time when I have felt that the entrance price at any zoo is too much.  No exception here!  After all, we are getting to see live exotic animals up close and personal.  \n\nEvery person's inner child\/geek is awakened when the opportunity presents itself to inform the rest of the party everything he or she knows about the komodo dragon, or the lion, or tigers, or elephants.  I know that I am instantly transformed into an obnoxious know-it-all docent recalling even the most minute detail from the safari cards I used to collect as a kid.  There is certainly a time and place for geeking out and my favorite time is zoo time!  I honestly think I missed my calling as a zoologist, and you may feel the same way if you were as book smart as I was in the fifth grade about animals.  I suspect every kid dreams of a lifetime tending to animals when they visit a zoo.\n\nAll that said, you will have a great time at this zoo.  It's arranged in a couple of concentric circles so if you give yourself an entire day to see it you can certainly make it all the way around, or at least you can see most of it like we did.  The animals here all seem well cared for and don't seem to mind their enclosures.  While not ideal, I did notice they have a good deal of space to roam with the exception of the warthog who was a heck of a lot more active than I had ever imagined.  You will notice that there are fully horned longhorn steer in the same pen as the giraffes.  At first, I thought they had to be some kind of import, but no, just regular longhorns.  Just when I thought to myself, \"how boring and odd,\" they erupted in a battle of horn locking and butting.  I'm a native Texan and I felt proud watching them mix it up like that.  Then I thought, \"those are steer, why the sense of pride?\"  Silly, I know, but hook-em-horns y'all!\n\nWear a hat and drink plenty of water year round, the Arizona sun is a killer and the desert climate is every bit as dry as you can't even imagine.  Ideally one would go during the winter, the weather is mild enough i suspect the animals are out basking and you won't suffer heat stroke trying to spy the elusive wild dogs or the cheetahs.\n\nI recommend this zoo to anyone passing through or if you're a native to the area.  Somehow the zoo tends to lift my spirits and makes me feel a bit smaller and less important in this world.  I like that idea, since some are under the impression that we can treat mother nature any way we please.  The zoo reminds me that there are more important things on this earth than a new car or what my 401K is doing this year.  \n\n\"When the world decides it's had enough of us, it will shake us off like a bad case of the fleas...\" George Carlin