The hot Arizona sun beat down on two weary Light Rail travelers in search of nutrients and hydration. Thwarted by the locked doors of Bobby C's, the duo staggered down the lonely stretch of sidewalk closer to the downtown area in search of hopeful satisfaction to their escalating condition. The brawny, good-looking traveler resembling Jay Bush from the baked bean commercials produced an iPhone from his pocket and with one touch signaled the powerful Yelp mobile application to locate an oasis of food service in the area. Past the tuxedo & bridal dress shop the pair continued until at last, the colorful exterior of Los Dos Molinos shined like a beacon in the night.\n\nWhat appeared to be quiet and empty on the outside surprised our duo upon entering the establishment. The main room was full, and the back room was nearly to capacity. As the host escorted our hungry travelers to their table past the signs exclaiming \"No separate checks\" and \"No substitutions\" hesitation crossed their minds. As the couple was seated, a lady from the table behind curiously asked the waiter \"Can I have a receipt?\" To which a sharp \"Do you need one?!\" reply was given. Yikes...focus on the chips...feeling hungry, the fresh chips were a welcome site - the two salsas, not so much. The green was just odd in spicy taste and appearance and the red was even more spicy. The waiter's shirt reading \"Some like it hot\" served as an explanation. \n\n Looking around the room, busy décor including local art, figurines and the pelt of animals killed cluttered the walls. One pelt was that of a buffalo, while another looked like a road-kill wolf. The third appeared to be a Holstein cow, to which our hero wondered \"who would kill a dairy cow\" - later in our story, when the second traveler reached the mid-section of her \"bean and cheese\" burrito, an apparent remnant of the missing cow presented itself. \n\nThe second entrée was a dish including rice and a blue corn tamale, which was the male traveler's first tamale experience. He found it to be tasteful and spicy. Not as spicy as the red salsa, but a slow, increasingly intense heat that resulted in an entire pitcher of water being consumed at the table. \n\nLeaving the restaurant full and satisfied, the duo returned to the hot Phoenix sun as their magical Light Rail returned. Perhaps the only thing hotter was the food in the restaurant behind them. The food quality was okay, but nothing special. Being starved and parched, it seemed to have served the purpose at the time, but perhaps there are better Mexican restaurants on the horizon for the two now-fed travelers...stay tuned!