My review is on the the spa services rather than just the establishment itself. \n I came here a few weeks ago to get a body scrub, massage and facial.  I checked in and was given clothes to change into, slippers, and a key to the locker.  I had my scrub scheduled first. I was told to strip down and soak in the hot tub for 20 min. before my service to loosen the dead skin (a hot tub of dead skin and naked people woo hoo!).  My lady called me (by locker number, this isn't the Bellagio here) and lead me to a room with a padded table covered with the plastic that reminds you of what your grandma had on her dinning room  tables 7 years after buying them.  I was expecting a salt scrub, but she scabbed me down with a mit that was probably intended to clean a stove, but did it ever scrub the dead skin off! Now I'm a daly bather but when she showed me what was on the mit you'd think I hadn't showered in a month! When its time to splash off the clumps of dead skin she dips her bowl into a by-the-curb size garbage can filled with water.  No fancy shower above the table here.  No dim lights either.  \nNext was the massage, I was super thankful that we switched rooms, as i didn't want to slide off that plastic wrapped table.  We went upstairs (which is co-ed... time to put of the of so fashionable clothes that have never ever seen a drop of fabric softener) This room was a traditional massage room set up, table with a face hole, nothing super special, but not horrible.  \nNext up was my facial.  I switched to a different girl (I was slightly concerned as I'm fine getting \"reflexology\" from a person who isn't a licensed masseuse but when it comes to extractions, chemicals and microdermabraion I want to see a license).  \nI forget the girls name, (holga. elga something like that...) She was very good, she spent a little too much time on extractions for my annoyance threshold, but my skin needed it.  The microdremabrason machine seemed a little past its prime, not as potent as the ones I've had in med spas, but i could still tell a difference.  \nAt this time I had been there for about 3 hours and I was ready to go home, so I didn't try out all of the red clay balls and jade room, but that seems to be detailed in every other review.  \nAll in all I liked the services, no frills, and about 1\/2 the price of the same services in a strip spa.