I will probably receive a chorus of BOOs from my fellow Yelpers (esp. the Millennials), but I gotta say, we didn't love this place. Yes, the biscuits are tasty, particularly, the Kickback Chicken, which has a lot going for it... I mean, come on, are you kidding me? Goat cheese and pepper jelly! I could eat an old shoe covered in that stuff!\n\nOur side of tater tots was nothing special, just the kind of tater tots you'd find in your grocer's frozen food aisle. There are many other tasty looking alternatives though and the eggs looked great. Our cafe lattes were beautifully prepared and were delicious but were unfortunately served lukewarm (meh).\n\nThe other problems for us were simply in the details. To start with, after informing the manager that we were wrongly charged $9.50 each for our Kickback Chicken when the menu board directly above their heads clearly read $9, she offered little explanation and no concern or apology (but to be fair, she was very busy.) I had to wonder though how many other customers were overcharged that didn't notice. \n\nDespite its 96 sanitary rating, we had to search thru four forks and three spoons before finding  clean ones without dried-on food and had to clean our own table before eating as did the couple beside us. Also, can I say, I love dreadlocks and beards (hey my own son has them) but not when they are left uncovered on someone preparing my food, and there were three such cooks in the bustling kitchen on this late Saturday morning. (I mean did I die and wake up in Asheville or something?)\n\nMaybe I'm just too old and uptight... but I have one last gripe. I hate to pay $28 for breakfast for two and have to order at a counter then have to bus my own table, which is the case for everyone here.\n\nIn spite of all that, I'd still recommend giving it a try but not if you have to make a 25 minute drive from south Charlotte like us.\n\nSo there you go... go ahead, Boo, howl or hiss, but just please don't throw rotten fruit or veggies at me.