Sigh, the food here disappointment me, but before I get into that, let me speak about the customer service and the restaurant itself. My family and I made reservations since it was my cousin's birthday and she wanted to have it at a classy place. We were all dressed and looking fly!! We valid parked of course and went inside. This place is absolutely beautiful and the man who greeted us was beyond nice and funny too!! The hostess walked us to our table which was a great size for the 5 of us. What I quickly noticed was that there was a family of maybe 6-7 who were dressed very very casual, as if they were at a outside park softball game. The children had coat hoods and hats on at the table and didn't look very representable for a restaurant like this. I wish their waiter, or the manager ask the parents to have their children take their hoods and hats off at the dinner table. It brought the classiness down a bit. \n\nWe ordered water first and then drinks. I ordered a glass of Rose and it was delicious and strong. The water was good too as if they used bottled water instead of sink water, lol. I ended up ordering the Seafood Pasta since it had all the yummy seafood in it and the all greens salad ($9.95). The seafood pasta came with lobster, Alaskan king crab, shrimp, and lobster broth and sound to die for ($42.95)!!! The salad came first and OMG...I split it with my cousin and I should have ordered it to eat by myself because it was delicious!! What was awesome is that the waiter knew I was sharing it with someone else and he had already split the salad between the both of us in two different plates. They also provided us with table bread that had 5-6 different choices of bread....I had the Hawaiian roll which was nice and soft. My food came, and the appearance was very beautiful and just enough for me.  I begin to eat it and to my surprise it was JUST OKAY....the pasta had no taste at all...no season, no salt, no pepper, no love at all. I added pepper, salt, and it didn't help. It was so bland, I asked the waiter if I could have some more pesto sauce, and he brought me butter.....ummmmm butter isn't going to help this dry pasta at all. My cousins (2 of them) also ordered the seafood pasta and we all felt the same way. I felt bad for the birthday girl because all she ate was the meat in it and nothing else. I ate the meat too after that I couldn't bear the bland pasta anymore. It could have been my southern roots, but I felt the chef in the back needed my assistance in the back with the pasta.  I didn't even waste my time asking for the rest of it to go because I knew I was just going to throw it away.\n\nMy other cousin ordered the Seafood Grilled Platter that came with Jumbo Shrimp, Lobster Tail, and Scallops! I ended up digging my fork in her plate and her seafood was really yummy and grilled perfectly! I wish I would have gotten that and it was a few dollars cheaper. Lastly, my other cousin got the calamari and I was disappointed by the look because it seemed that the calamari came from a frozen bag. I tasted a few and there wasn't a crunch to it and it was soft....not good at all. \n\nAfter an okay dinner and paying a $375 bill plus tip, we left and had drinks at a Hotel bar and closed the night eating Panda Express and sadly that satisfied me more. Will I come back here......ummmmmm, probably not on my own unless someone invites me (and they pay) and I will for sure get the salad and the grilled seafood platter and leave the pasta alone.