First off don't waste your money on this place. All you have to know is the owner is a complete bleeeeeep(fill in with curse word). I have never been so disrespected and offended by someone who's business I am paying for. It took me a while to write this review because I could not come up with an appropriate way to describe my experience with this business owner. After reading all the amazing reviews I felt it necessary to tell my story.\n\nAugust 3, 2016 about 1pm I arrive with a male friend to the shop where we are greeted by Dara she is a lovely lady (in great paddleboarding shape) who took the time to find us newbies the right paddleboards. While filling out the paperwork she explained that she hurt her back but will do her best to help us load the boards as this is something she normally does. We helped her load the boards and she explain that because it was late in the afternoon we could return tomorrow morning at no extra charge. We headed to the lake and finished well after 5pm when the shop closed. Here is where it gets good****The next day I returned alone to return the boards around 10am. The shop is closed so I wait a few minutes then text the person who I had made the reservation with. She explains that the owner, Court, just stepped out and will be right back. I wait about 30 more minutes when I see him pull up to the parking lot. He is a very fit 40-50 year old tall man. I wave to him from my SUV as he walks by and into the shop. (Some background:I am late on my way out of town because I had to wait for him, I hurt my shoulder paddleboarding the day before, and I am wearing a strapless mini dress appropriate for August in Phoenix.) I wait in my car about 10mins thinking he was going to come right back and help me unload the boards. When he doesn't come out I go in and politely wait as I see he is on the phone. He looks up and gives me a \"what do you want face\" I ask him if he could help me with the boards. He says \"leave them out side I will get them later\". I explain I can not get them down on my own. He tells the person on the other line \"I have to call you back, I have needy customer here\" I was shocked! but kept it together and continued to walk out with him quietly. He starts scolding me on how lazy I am for not even trying to get them down.(Actually used the word \"lazy\" multiple times) Goes on to say how in his 6 years of owning the rental shop he has never had someone not get their own boards down. I continued to be polite explaining I had hurt my shoulder and I can't reach the top of my SUV. I tried a kill him with kindness approach. I thought he can't continue to be rude to someone clearly calm and nice. I was so very wrong! He continued the name calling while aggressively taking down the boards. After a few minutes of this non stop scolding I step back feeling physically threaten by his aggressive demeanor and I finally say \"I am a business owner too and I would never treat a customer this way no matter how rude or lazy they may be.\" \" I have been nothing but polite to you during this entire time and you continue to bash me for not getting the boards down.\" \"I have not called you names even though I've never been treated with such disrespect by a business I am paying for.\" \" I would never rent from you again\" To this he responded \" Don't worry you are on our Do Not Rent List!\" By then the boards where off my vehicle and I couldn't get out of there fast enough.\n\nYou decide if you give your money to someone that would treat a customer in this manner. In my opinion he should not own a business if he can't even be polite to his polite customers.