This is quite the momentous occasion for me...my first yelp review!  Do I get some type of reward?  Preferably it'd be something edible.\n\nI was pretty thrilled to hear that a Burgatory-esque joint was opening up in Shadyside, but would it match up to Burgatory?\n\nMy experience at Stack'd was interesting:\nUPS:\n-My burger was pretty delicious.  Fritos, guac, banana peppers, grilled onions, lettuce, pepper jack cheese and stack'd sauce...That is just a clear-cut recipe for burger heaven.\n-It's a nice sports bar, good deals (Tuesday's burgers are half off!)\n-Location, location, location.  It was nice to eat dinner\/get some drinks, then venture off to the other Shadyside bars for the night.\n\nDAHNS:\n-There is nowhere to check off on your order sheet how you would like your burger cooked.  All of our burgers were close to well done, this seemed to really bother a couple of my friends...and it makes sense.  Why try to give us the experience of total control over our food, but not with the most rudimentary element of the experience itself?  Seems backwards to me.\n-The service.....oh the service.  I try to be patient, understanding, etc, with food service having had experience with it, but this brought poor tending to a whole new level.  The only example I need to give is after we ordered a pitcher of beer and it was delivered to our table (about 15 minutes later), we didn't have cups to drink that beer for about another 10 minutes.  My friends contemplated passing around the pitcher and taking sips communion style (My friends are jags, clearly).\n\nOverall: \n-I'm a sucker for anything burgers, so I'd rule Stack'd as a good burger place, local to me.  But, if I feel like making the trek to Burgatory, they shall victor over Stack'd easily.  I will definitely be visiting Stack'd again, in hopes that the poor service was just due to chance.  \n\n4 stars for you, Stack'd.  Albeit if half stars were available, i'd give you 3 and a half...just to keep you on your toes.