It had been 8 years or so since I last found myself in the curiously named (Mariani's) Pleasure Bar of Bloomfield, and that last dining experience was rather flat. With nothing to make for dinner, I brought Kay here one Friday afternoon for a post-workday meal and to get on with some unfinished business.  The peevish reviews the restaurant has received recently would not keep me at bay. \n\nI'll own up to having dealt with slow service, which was inexcusable considering that the dining room was no more than half-occupied. That notwithstanding, the above average food and familial ambience made up the deficit. \n\nExhibit #1: The Italian Fried Greens. Amazingly, this was my first encounter with the traditional side dish. Embellished with chunky medallions of juicy sweet sausage, the wilted cabbage, chard, onions and heaven knows what else, made this a steamy salad that Kay and I shared ravenously. Adding some noodles would have turned it into haluski. \n\nExhibit #2: A house salad. Dressed with a properly zesty house vinaigrette, I found it cleared my palate well for what was to arrive next. \n\nExhibit #3: Gnocchi. Arriving at the right balance betwixt doughy and delicate, the alabaster, oval bombs of love, labor, and starch were coated with a fiendishly blood-rich tomato sauce that came close to conjuring mole, parsley also being added for effect. Customization entailed the inclusion of a mammoth of a meatball made from the purest of ground chuck with minimal filler. \n\nExhibit #4: Spumoni. Served sundae-style with whipped cream, it made for a delectably creamy, pistachio-hued, and generously scooped ending to what was fine Italian meal. \n\nKay and I basically ignored the so-so complimentary bread and the somewhat dated decor, relishing our dishes and the entertaining clientele aIike (the family sitting across from us would be good candidates for a reality television program) without a care. I suggest that my readers do the same and appreciate this venerable neighborhood eatery for what it is and for as long as it lasts.\n\nP.S. The restaurant was clean during our visit, and we saw not one roach.