So I visited Ton'y Italian Deli on three separate occasions recently. Each time was a real treat! I feel that I really need to try to drive the Yelper's who appreciate quality, authentic, simple, old world food to make stop at this place.\n\nif you aren't cultured, and do not appreciate the simplicity of old world food, then steer clear and don't waste your time writing a negative review due to your ignorance.\n\nTo be a qualified reviewer, you must first have an understanding of what it is that you are reviewing. Unfortunately, a great majority of the younger generation in this semi-metropolis have not had the cultural exposure that many of their own age in old school and well cultured cities, such as San Francisco, Los Angeles, or New York City have grown up in and around.\n\nWith that being said, old world, simple dishes, made with simple ingredients and a whole lot of love are often under-appreciated. I urge you to research the importance of things such as bread, cured meats and olives, peppers, homemade sausages, etc. in the old world countries, and even well cultured US Cities.\n\nA physical location that has been around for 30 years in this town that serves up old world cuisine, at an old world price, with a ton of love from the family who has been there from the start deserves a certain respect for those qualities alone.\n\nIt is apparent to me that the typical American these days, seems to consider a true sandwich incomplete without Mayo or Mustard. The truth is, that those two additions are fine, but your tongue is uncultured. A true sub should not have such ingredients to cover up the subtle flavors of the cured meats and cheese. A little oil and vinegar add the zing that Ashley C. was speaking of. Again, no disrespect to her lack of knowledge, but knowledge and understanding are power and lead to a well rounded palette. \n\nThe sandwiches are only one small item in the full spectrum of this old world rarity, in a not so favorable part of town. The fact is, that this part of town may be a couple of miles out of your daily travels, but it is only a hop, skip, and a jump off the 51.\n\nAny true Yelper who appreciates the few, true Phoenix greats who sometimes fall into the unknown needs to make their way to this abode and see what you think and how you feel. If you feel the way that I do, then I think that the weight that I currently have on my shoulders about helping this quality place to stay afloat, will transcend to you and our team efforts will unite to get these old school purveyors back in the spotlight that they deserve to be in.\n\nLet's keep the growth of true culture and diversity alive in this town before it ends up like Old Town Scottsdale. There, you have a bunch of places with different names and decor, but the majority of the same food and lack of culture or ambiance are spreading like a wildfire that is depleting true cultural experiences and the small and simple places that don't get the love and appreciation that they deserve. \n\nForget the fancy menus with a fancy plate made in China, you can find that anywhere and they are in a completely different market. Take yourself back into a different time and into a different culture, it will make life more enjoyable and you will be more appreciative of the things that you have this day in age, as well as the roots that the things of this day evolved from. it's like thanking your parents or grandparents for the wisdom that they gave you. :)\n\nCheers!