WOW. What a place!\n\nI was hesitant to try out Rose.Rabbit.Lie. because of the mixed reviews on Yelp. However, I am so happy I put those premeditated thoughts aside and instead chose to give this place a whirl on my own. So here it goes:\n\n*The Spot- We made a last-minute reservation on OpenTable for a Friday night, about an hour before we wanted to show up (surprised this was even possible). When we arrived, we were greeted by some very attractive female hostesses who walked us to our table. Everything inside is very swanky, and just about everyone who works here is beautiful. The pictures you see on Yelp of the decor don't do justice for what you actually see in this space. \n\n*Service- Our server was a little blonde doll who looks like she literally just stepped out of a magazine (and she had one of the best manicures I've ever seen, might I add... but I am a nail polish freak, and I know this has nothing to do with the restaurant.) But anywho, she was very friendly, down to earth, and made some pretty good recommendations on food and drinks. She also wasn't too over-the-top or pushy, and let us sit at our table for over 4 hours without making us feel like she wanted us to move along for another group to come in. There was another gentleman that was helping her out, and he was very nice to talk to as well. Both were very attentive and made us feel welcome.\n\n*Entertainment- the table we sat at was great for the in-house entertainment. If you can request it, I would call in and ask for the table in the \"music room\" right in front of the stage and just to the left of the bar. Here you will be able to see all the acts, as they primarily perform from this room but do tend to walk around the whole restaurant from time to time. The band was awesome and had me dancing in my seat most of the night. There was also an older gentleman who tap danced on top of the piano.... what a sight! One of my other favorite acts was this little Asian Break Dancer, he was maybe 10 years old, but had moves like he'd been dancing for 20+ years. Super talented and was definitely working the room! Another act was this \"Aretha-Franklin-esque\" singer. Her voice was phenomenal and she was born to entertain.... she had the entire restaurant's attention when she was singing. She even came over and got me up out of my seat to dance around with her and \"feather-tease\" some of the guys standing at the bar. Hilarious!\n\n*Food- we really loved everything we ordered. And I recommend each of these: Glazed Brussels Sprouts, Rock Shrimp & Butternut Squash Agnolotti, Short Rib Stroganoff, and Steak Tartare. The Caviar Truffles for dessert are a must!!!\n\nAfter spending 4+ hours at this place, enjoying the entertainment, eating whatever we wanted to order, and drinking several alcoholic beverages (maybe 8 cocktails between the two of us), I'd say the $350 tab was very fair. I can't wait to come back to this spot, and will be sending any of my friends who visit Vegas to Rose.Rabbit.Lie. as well.  #winning