I got a few e-mails from The M announcing this new restaurant, which opened on Thursday.  Eric R.'s birthday is tomorrow, so we decided to celebrate on Saturday night here.  He was thinking sushi initially, and since this is not far from us and also has a sushi bar, we decided to check it out.  This is in the old Marinelli's restaurant spot and is very swanky.  There is a green light trim (the previous restaurant was red-lit).  Right when we were seated, Chef Seonkyoung Longest (winner of Restaurant Express on Food Network) was making the rounds of every table and we were next!  She was so friendly and talked to us about her restaurant, and she showed so much pride.\n\nOur server was Doug and he is fantastic.  He was very friendly, informative, and personable.  We talked to him about dish sizes to make sure we were not over-ordering.  I started with a Yuzu Rita (yuzu juice, grand marnier, soju, simple syrup) rimmed with sea salt, and Eric R. had the Pacific mojito (in fact, 2 of them) AND jasmine green hot tea, which was by tea forte and in cute little pyramid infuser.  All of the serveware was very cool, with a theme of white wavy patterns.  The salt and pepper shakers were like puzzle pieces that fit together (our little marriage theme too, awww) and had white wavy patterns, the white napkins had this pattern across it, plates were rimmed with it, the tea pot also....soooo cute!  I liked it a lot!  Water glasses were stemmed jewel tone dark green which which was really cool and went with the green mood lighting.\n\nWe started with 2 apps, the duck sliders (5 spiced duck, cucumber, steamed bao with kaiware, cilantro and green onions to add) and Korean \"street tacos\" which was deconstructed: 3 scallion pancakes (wish there were 4!!!), bulgogi, cabbage in \"kimchi sauce,\" and shredded vegetables (radish, peppers) with sriracha-lime sauce.  Chef Longest stopped by to check on us after we had our apps.  We told her our entree is the bimibap, and she cheerfully told us that her mom came on opening night and approved of the bimibap (FYI: Chef grew up in Korea).  Apparently this was one of the top dishes from the show that she made.\n\nThe bimibap was served in a beautiful bowl with the egg perfectly poached easy on top, with a side of the sauce.  The server wanted to mix it up with the sauce but Eric R. tasted it and felt the slow burn in his non-spicy palate.  We declined and I just mixed it with the poached egg.  We then split it and then I added the sauce.  Everything was sooooo good.  I loved the shiitakes in the dish.\n\nNext, we ordered a little sushi: the Lady Luck Roll (salmon, tuna, hamachi on top, inside asparagus, gobo, avocado) and toro nigiri (3 pieces for $10, I think the 3rd was given to us for Eric R.'s birthday though).  The quality of the fish was excellent.  The maguro on the menu is bigeye and there is also blue fin tuna available.  For Eric R.'s birthday, he got a beautiful strawberry-white chocolate dessert with gold leaf on top that was just beautiful and delicious.  He loves both of those things so the restaurant nailed it.  However, the chef encouraged me to try the yuzu doughnuts because of my yuzu-love.  I guilted Eric R. into letting me get a 2nd dessert since he had 22 drinks and I had one.\n\nThe yuzu doughnuts came out pretty quickly.  They were described as yuzu-cream filled but they were actually not filled.  Also troublesome was the fact that they were room temperature.  I just expected warm to hot doughnuts.  They were just like room temperature dough drizzled with yuzu cream and topped with chopped pistachios.  The cream was fine (not as yuzu-y as the drink) but the temperature of the doughnuts just did not work.  Eric R. actually asked one of the chefs walking back toward the kitchen about it, and he immediately said they are supposed to be room temperature because otherwise the sauce would break.  I guess I personally didn't like it but other people might.  Just get the yuzu rita!!\n\nOverall, service is great, the Chef is really enthusiastic, the ambiance is nice, and the food is excellent.  Also, the prices for food and drink are very reasonable ($8 for a specialty cocktail!) We will definitely return!