Definitely not a fan of this gym. I was a member here for a year, I believe, and found myself not wanting to go the more and more I was actually there. The facility itself is just ok, but the management is horrible. \n\nI signed a one year contract, which I agreed to I think around $25 a month plus a $49 dollar yearly enhancement fee. I switched credit cards midway through my membership, and forgot to change the number with SmartGym. I got a call from Brian in billing, and tried calling him back and it took around three weeks to actually contact a human being in their billing department to fix the issue which would grant me access into the gym. \n\nI was also billed the $49 enhancement fee TWICE for ONE YEAR. So essentially, I paid $100 to enhance a gym that experienced literally no enhancement other than the removal of classes (if by some odd standard you consider that enhancement?). When I called the front desk MULTIPLE times about my billing issue, I was directed to a voicemail, or told that a manager would call me, or given some type of other bullsh*t go-around as to why my questions were not being addressed and why my money was not being refunded. As you can assume, I did not renew my membership at the end of the year. \n\nMy boyfriend was also a member of this gym, however he signed up for the month-to-month option. He signed on a few months after I did, and after coming here and getting frustrated with the ownership and management, he decided it wasn't worth the drive for him or the frustration of dealing with shoddy leadership to come back. So, he called to cancel his membership. When he called, he was assured that this was OK. But, what do you know? He was continually charged for AN ADDITIONAL FIVE MONTHS after cancellation. And when we called the ever-so evasive \"billing department\" or the front desk, we were again give excuse after excuse after excuse. Eventually, we handled the situation with his bank to where this company that was essentially committing fraud would not be allowed to withdraw from his account any longer. \n\nLong story short, if you're down to be swindled, sign up for a membership at Smart Gym. The gym where the front desk employees gorge on Taco Bell as they greet you, management is literally nowhere to be found or contacted, and you willingly throw your money away to unimprove a facility. A1, topnotch service at Smart Gym. Buyer beware.