Paul's Yelp Elite Rating: 4.85 Stars\n\nYet Another AMAZING dinner during Restaurant Week....which is surprising from my experience. Met my Yelp friend Kate for dinner and I've never been here before (thus my selection for RW). \n\nFirst off, I discovered their WINE BAR!!! Where the &$^!&#$! have I been??? This is an AMAZING BAR! About 200 wines BY THE GLASS! I almost soiled my pants when I saw that selection! Who does this....let alone in CHARLOTTE??? JD does that, that's who! He's the really cool owner of Bonterra, who was drinking wine next to me as we started up a convo......he's got a very educated palate (he better for offering 200 wines by the FREAKIN glass!!!), and a super nice guy to boot! He made me a deal as I brought in a bottle from my cellar (the 2008 VinStrata Oregon Pinot Noir).....no corkage fee if I give him a sampling of my wine. DEAL! Win win for everyone! Anyway, I got a Gigondas Rhone and got an Italian Pinot Grigio for my friend Kate. I actually had a HARD time selecting a wine....did I tell you they have 200 WINES BY THE GLASS??? LOL....\n\nOK onto the meal. Just take a look at the Menu I posted a picture of. And look at the amazing dishes we both had. The Cauliflower soup was excellent, and that Pumpkin seed oil was delicate yet refined. Soup had good consistency and balance. Kate ordered the Lobster and Crab dip. That was very good too, but Kate named a not to be named restaurant (Dresslers....OOPS) that she said was even better. OK, put that on my TO DO list!\n\nKate got the Osso Bucco and I got the Waygu Sirloin. Both were really good, but I liked my sirloin better. While the osso bucco was very tender and good, it wasn't mind blowing. But I still thought it to be a very tasty dish. My sirloin was VERY good, done Mid Rare and that Horseradish butter was an excellent accompaniment (not too hot).\n\nFor dessert Kate got the Sea Salt Caramel Triffle and I got the Chocolate Mousse with SMOKED Paprika and Passion Fruit Caramel. Now ANYTHING with homemade Caramel I get. And both were really, really good. But my Chocolate Mousse was OUTSTANDING as the SMOKED paprika really made this dessert unique! I don't believe I've ever had a DESSERT with smoked anything (sounds kind of savory huh?)....but it worked! And with that Passion Fruit, well, it was stellar.\n\nI hit the proverbial grand slam by selecting that 2008 (97 Point vintage in Oregon BTW) VinStrata Pinot Noir....man did that go with everything superbly (sans the dessert of course). Hard to pick a \"universally matching\" wine but I seemed to do it this night...the Wine Gods were with me! Woo Hoo!\n\nIf Bonterra is this good during Restaurant Week, I can't WAIT to return. But for SURE I'm coming back just for this AMAZING WINE BAR....\n\nDid I tell you they serve 200 WINES BY THE GLASS? Holy crapola Batman!\n\nKudos to JD and the entire staff (Bartender, Server, Hostess, Chefs and JD himself) for providing me and Kate an awesome dinner experience!\n\nHighly recommended!