Even though I gave Hooters (downtown) a 2 star review last time, I decided to return here when they finally offered \"All You Can Eat\" wings. The previous time I went here with a friend specifically for their AYCE wings which was advertised on Facebook BUT after entering, it was a bait & switch (we were informed that because they just opened a few weeks ago, they weren't ready yet to offer AYCE wings). The AYCE wings is offered only Monday evenings.\n\nWe arrived a few minutes before 7:00pm and were seated. After we were seated, there was a few minutes until the waitress showed up to ask what we wanted. We mentioned that we wanted the AYCE wings. In terms of drinks, I ordered a Diet Coke and 1 of the 3 people I was with pointed at the advertised Sangria on the menu and mentioned he would want this.\n\nThe waitress informed us about the \"rules\" for the AYCE wings which is that we get the same type of wings and same type of sauce for the entire evening. If we wanted a different sauce, it was an extra $1 or so. To make the best out of this \"rule\", she suggested that we each get a different sauce and even though \"our\" plate selection would be put in front of us, we could move the plates around.\n\nService was fast. She brought me a Diet Coke in a bottle which somewhat surprised me since last time I was here and I ordered the same thing, I had my soft drink in a glass (from a soft drink fountain). The pitcher of the Sangria came with 3 glasses and the person who ordered it, poured it into the glasses. I found the AYCE wings to be very good. The first plate that she gave me of AYCE wings wasn't actually meant for me but it didn't make a difference to me since we would be switching up the plates at the end anyways. Each order came with a cheese-type dipping sauce which no one in our table (except for one person) actually used. We each preferred just to have the wings with the sauce.\n\nWhen we finished our plate of wings, the waitress came back to our table within a few minutes and asked us if we wanted another round. She was very good in terms of taking our finished wings and bringing the new plate of wings. During one of the rounds, the person who ordered the pitcher of Sangria decided to have another pitcher of Sangria.\n\nOnce we were finished with the wings and wanted to leave, we asked for our bill. The waitress brought our bills and handed me a bill. I took a look at it and it wasn't mine. From my quick glance, it was for ~$44. I mentioned that the bill wasn't mine and she took a look at it and apologized and gave me the correct bill. The bottle of Diet Coke was more than the price shown on the menu by almost double the price. The price advertised on the menu was in the $3 range for soft drink BUT a bottle cost me around $5.75. We aren't talking about a large 2L bottle either. The bottle contained roughly the same amount of liquid as a regular can of Coke so ~$6 is expensive for the drink.\n\nFor the sangria, even though only 1 person asked for it at our table (but shared it with 2 other people), the waitress without asking, divided the 2 sangrias between the 3 people who shared it. One of the people at our table wasn't expecting to be charged for the sangria that he had but did not order. There was a bit of disagreement with the bills because of the dividing of the sangria between the 3 people without asking and also for the price of the sangria on the bill.\n\nThe thing with the sangria was that there was only one menu on our table which showed the price of the sangria during \"happy hour\". When the person who ordered the sangria, he pointed at the sangria listed on the menu, the waitress did not make any mention that the price was no longer in effect even though we showed up before happy hour was over. When he asked for it again, there was also no mention that the price shown on the menu was no longer in effect.\n\nAt the end, one person didn't leave a tip because he wasn't expecting to have to pay 1\/3 for sangria without being asked that he didn't order but shared with the person who actually ordered it. This caused the waitress to return to our table to ask about what she did wrong. I left less than my standard tip for not having been asked whether I wanted a more expensive bottle drink (not on the menu) and a fountain drink (on the menu).\n\nI wanted to give Hooters a chance at increasing my earlier 2 star rating from my previous visit but in the end, I can't see myself increasing my 2 star rating due to what happened with the waitress bringing me a bottle soft drink which I believe wasn't on the menu (she probably assumed that I thought that they only offered bottled soft drinks), her splitting the 2 pitcher prices between 3 people who shared the pitcher without asking (normally in bars\/restaurants that I've gone to, the person who orders the pitcher is normally charged regardless of how or who drinks), her not mentioning that the price for the pitcher was no longer in effect, and the \"stupid\" rule about the AYCE wings.