So life has been pretty stressful lately.  Gravity appears to becoming stronger, or I'm gaining weight.  Somebody is dying my perfectly black hair with some stray white ones.  My friends claim that I'm in denial, but they just don't realize I will never turn 30.  I have some wedding vows to write, and a tennis buddy insists that it will come to me at a sushi restaurant after 2 sake bombers, and I'm almost desperate enough to go that route.  North Korea seems to want to play with nukes.  \n\nBut you know what really bothers me?  Zappone's Italian Bistro having only 3.5 stars.  Are you kidding me Arizona?  Fine, I'm getting older and gaining weight and graying out, fine I'll probably plagiarize somebody's vows online, fine another Korean War is inevitable, but no freaking way is Zappone's 3.5 stars.  \n\nWe've been coming here since December, and probably been back about half a dozen times.  The interior is very smartly designed with a modernist look but also comfy booths and bar\/counter top seating throughout.  The food is expertly made, and just tonight I had a gnocchi special that blew my mind- great chew on this freshly made pasta with every bite having a little uniqueness, coated with pancetta, onions, chili flakes, in a rich, slightly tart marinara sauce.  My fiancee had a lovely spinach ravioli special, that was Miss America pretty to look at but Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition satisfying.  Their house salad is a little different every time, this time sporting more sweet  peppers than normal but perfect for me, though YMMV.  Their calamari had a perfectly light breading, and extremely thinly sliced lemon was also battered and flash fried to make a perfect accompaniment to the marinara sauce.  Prior visits had the lasagna, tortellini, and spaghetti ala mare been extraordinarily enticing.  \n\nThe only Italian restaurant I've had in the east valley that compares to Zappone's is La Calabria, and the cost is probably about half of theirs.  The staff has been ridiculously welcoming, and service has been comfortable yet still professional.  I've always had to drive a fair distance to get an Italian meal I really enjoyed, but am ecstatic that I've got a great restaurant about 2 miles away.  If you're still reading my review you must have a lot of patience, and you should reward yourself with a visit to Zappone's.  Be forewarned however, you might just fall in love with the food, write silly reviews, maybe even belittle the seriousness of Korean War part deux- and like me, find that it was all totally worth it.