I recently came here with my mother who is a 66 year old Vietnam Nurse to help her choose a firearm for herself. While we were there we looked around for a bit although we already knew exactly what we were going to purchase; a glock 22 .40 Smith & Wesson. Online the price said $509 but ended up being about $680 (I met glock owners online and none of them paid over $515) maybe it was the holster and the 20 rounds of ammo, but I digress. Came out satisfied that my mother had her gun. The next day I left out of state for work and found out she had returned it. I asked her why she said she wasn't sure how to use it. I told her I would show her. She went back to AZ Firearms to get the same exact gun but turns out they wouldn't sell it back to her. They were not clear as to why. She told me what happened I said we would return in a couple days. When I came back with her I stayed in the car and they still wouldn't sell it back. They told her that they still had the gun but it was\n  in the owners safe and the owner wasn't going to be in until Monday. We called on Monday morning inquiring about the gun and we spoke to a man named Max\/Matt, she gave him her name and number and was told she   would receive a call back if it was in stock. Hours passed and we still had not received a phone call, so my mother called to ask if it was there so we can come in. Another man answered the phone in a rude manner saying, \" Matt\/Max is busy with a customer and if he said he will call, then he will call.\" Pissed off with the customer service, I let it go and continued to wait for another hour before I personally called on my mother's behalf.  I spoke to a third man told him we had been waiting hours for a phone call to confirm whether the firearm was available; mind you all pistols are out on display. He told me that they didn't want to sell the gun to my mom because they felt she was buying for someone else and that a woman her age wasn't capable of shooting that type of caliber. Really AZ Firearms you're stereotyping a 66 year old Vietnam veteran? A woman who helped fellow veterans get back on their feet. Yet you believe she would be irresponsible enough to purchase an overpriced firearm (almost $700) for someone else and are not aware of her strength but judge her because of her age? Better off buying from Glockmiester.