I really used to be a big fan of the Sahara.  In fact, up until today it was pretty much the place I always stayed in Vegas, but now the love affair has died.\n\nTo be fair, I really should write separate reviews for the hotel and the casino.  I'll start with the hotel.  The Sahara is pretty much the cheapest hotel in Vegas that won't give you something potentially fatal or disfiguring by coming into contact with the sheets.  If you stay here I reccomend you splurge for one of the premium room.  The standard rooms are just a little TOO beat up.  I mean hey, old school is cool and all, and I figure at least one of the cigarrette burns in the table was probably done by Elvis or something, but man I need internet and other amenities or I'm staying someplace else.  I would give the hotel as a stand alone two stars.\n\nNow for the casino.  The Sahara casino has all the charisma and charm of a 67 year old hooker with missing teeth.  It used to be different there.  They used to have $1.00 blackjack tables.  Those tables rocked.  You've never met so many happy people sitting gambling.  There was usually a twenty plus minute wait for those tables.  Anyone with half a brain would have designated MORE tables as $1.00 blackjack tables, right?  You do know what's coming next... they raised the table minimums to $5.  Idiots.  During the week I can gamble on five dollar tables in MUCH NICER casinos.  Why the hell would I go to the Sahara if you're not going to offer me something better or cheaper?\n\nOK, so then, and this is the final straw for me, they had this one game of blackjack where you could put another dollar down and if you got  natural blackjack you could push a button and win up to a grand (but you normally only won like five or ten bucks).  It was fun, and once again it filled tables.  So, what do you think they did with it?  Yep, they did away with it.\n\nFriggin' IDIOTS.  So now the Sahara is mostly emplty and the people that are there are the 80 year old smoking while carrying their oxygen tank around crowd and people from the 909.  This is why I give the Casino one star.  You average my score for the hotel with the casino and that's how I arrived at two stars.\n\nI do hope they redeeem this place, but since they wont I say let's go ahead and implode the sucker before it gets any more pathetic.