When I heard that there was a place called Fresh Burger, I immediately was reminded of the cinematic classic masterpiece: Good Burger. You know; \"Welcome to good burger, may I take your order?\"\n\nHonestly, I wasn't impressed with what I saw on their website, which is how I do 90% of all my research prior to visiting any restaurant. The location is unimpressive, but strategic as it is nearby the surrounding industrial park. It's actually the only place in the area serving to a burger loving demographic. The amount of competition from other restaurants in the area are immense, and also there's a Tim Horton's right next door. Fresh Burger better have some kind of a niche, because freshness isn't a strong enough product for me to park my car here.\n\nI got here on a Wednesday evening for a gathering of burger enthusiasts. Our host was gracious enough to purchase all of the sides for us. Fries, poutine, Cali-fries which was caramelized onions served over fries covered in a mysterious sauce.\nSupposedly, this sauce was the deductive reasoning of the owner who figured out the sauce for a major California hamburger brand but made it even better. I didn't know any better and had no reference to compare the said sauce. I didn't need a reference, because it was damn good. If it even better, then what's the point of a reference?\n\nI got the prime burger with Swiss cheese, and immediately upon my first bite I regretted not doubling up on the patties for a price increment that couldn't even hurt a hipster. \nThe soft fluffy texture of the beef crumbled like pastries, not a single tendon or any chewy parts--oh yes, I was eating pure beef. It required no explanation or further evidence that this patty was made right here, fresh as the store name claimed with a level of cut from the cow that is so rarely found in anything between two slices of bread. The uncompromising taste of 'never frozen' has redeemed my eagerness for that dreaded word of 'burger' to which I still cannot pin-point the origin. \n\nFresh burger is an unassuming space where all the efforts has been concentrated towards the quality of the food, leaving absolutely none for ambiance. The truth is, I couldn't care less about the horrendous orange paint, unpretentious drink options (free drink with any combo order), or even the compact estate. \nWhen the food hits your taste buds, all matters of ambiance becomes immaterial, and the frivolities of non-food matters dissolve into thin air, and the only thing you are left with is the appreciation of God blessing you with a mouth. \n\n\nOn the website, the owner states: \"After 28 years in the financial industry I decided to create Fresh Burger to provide an honest hamburger experience.\"\nI had no idea the jackals in finance were responsible for the dishonest burger experience epidemic. I will be taking my business to the honesty of Fresh Burger from now on. Yes, Fresh Burger, you may take my order!