Originally I used to like this location because it was convenient for lunch purposes.  Today I've had the worst experience out of all the restaurants I've eaten at.  A few weeks ago I was eating at this location and I took a photo of an employee texting on her phone and posted it to Yelp which you possibly can still view.  Harmless photo....\n\nWell today after I ate my lunch I was getting  ready to leave and I was approached by an employee that works here.  As he approached me he had a phone in his hand and he had my yelp profile pulled up and asked if that was me. I stated yes but I thought it was a little weird that he'd have my profile on his phone.  This employee states that his management wanted me to take a photo down that I posted a few weeks ago and that it was against the law for me to post a picture of an employee without their consent to yelp.  This same employee then stated that the mother of the employee I snapped a photo of worked there and that the employee was UNDER AGE.  I then asked him if she was under age what is she doing working there?  He really didn't have a reply for that.  I asked this employee to show me where it's against  the law to take photos and post them to yelp.  \n\nHe then got a little irate.  It just amazed me that instead of serving the customers he's going through his phone and pulling up yelp reviews and confronting customers with them.  One minute he is stating that management wants me to take the photo off and then the next minute he's telling me I'm breaking the law and that Carl's Jr has lawyers and they could sue me.  At this point I was tired of listening to his nonsense and asked him to get out of my face.  Then this employee had the nerve to tell me to get out of HIS store.  All this over a photo!  At this point this employee starts yelling for his manager across the store with other customers in the store.  \n\nThis same employee has horrible customer service.  Several weeks before this incident today I ordered a simple low carb burger and went to sit down.  I watched 3 other customers come in and order and receive their food before me.  So I went to ask for a refund.  At first he say he couldn't do a refund and that I would have to come back for a refund because a manager was there. I demanded a refund because I waited around 15 minutes and watched other get their food.  So then  he's telling me I have to sign a receipt saying I got a refund. I declined to sign the receipt.  I didn't sign anything when I paid for the food.  I was a little upset because my food was sitting under the warmer the whole time and he just either refused to bring it out or was just overlooked it.  Ever since then he  has had a chip on his shoulder.  \n\nOne thing I do not like about situations like this is that when you say your going to make a complaint to corporate or their district manager....he responds with his first and last name like he's bullet proof or untouchable. This employee thinks it's okay to confront customers in the store and demand them to alter their reviews or photos.....then states it's managers request and then wrongly quotes the law.  I  think managers are smart enough to realize not to mention anything positive or negative involving reviews especially since it's a fast food chain.   I feel this is a case of an employee just thinking he can say or do whatever he wants involving customers.