I had a coupon for this restaurant and I like to try new places, so we thought we would check this place out. We went on a Friday night and sat out on the patio. At first glance thought it was a cute little Italian place. They told us they would have music later, but we opted to sit outside because it was so nice out. The food was very average. There was a cream sauce pasta which was good, but the pasta with the tomato sauce was very bland. The salads were iceberg lettuce with hardly anything on them. The food was not what you would expect from a nice Italian restaurant. The server took awhile to get to us. He forgot to bring us the waters we asked for, until about 15 minutes later when we had to wave him down to ask again. My first wine glass had a lipstick smudge on it so I sent it back. When the server came back he made a comment \"I think I brought the wrong glass for this type of wine, oops hehe.\" I had realized it was the wrong glass before he came over anyway, which isn't a big deal, I'm not that picky, but the fact that he didn't even offer to correct the problem is clearly not good service.\n\nAfter all of this we were thinking this restaurant wasn't very good and we wouldn't come back. Then we got our check. They had charged us 50 cents extra for each glass of wine, so we were over charged one dollar (two glasses). While one dollar isn't a lot, when I pick something out on a menu and see a price, that's what I expect to pay for it. We asked our server about it and he told us that it was because a band was playing so on Friday and Saturday nights they charge an extra 50 cents for each drink. At this point the band had JUST started to play and we were outside so we couldn't hear them anyway. Regardless of whether we could hear them or not, that should obviously be printed on the menu! The server walked away after we paid, and never returned. We saw the hostess cleaning a table nearby, and asked her if there was a manager we could speak to, as we didn't think it was right to charge us more than the menu price. She left, and after awhile came back and said the owner was not there tonight and the manager just gave her 50 cents to give back to us. This was so insulting. What kind of manager doesn't even take the one minute to go talk to a table, or look at our check to see we were overcharged for 2 drinks, not one? And then to just send the hostess over with 50 cents was infuriating. We left the 50 cents on the table and walked away. I have never been so insulted by a restaurant manager. I'm not sure if it is even legal to quote one price and charge another. Obviously we will never return, and tell all of our friends and family about our bad experience.