Doug Hopkins and his associated do not fulfill their promises. I heard an ad on the radio from Doug Hopkins stating that he will buy any house at any price in any location, this is not true. I filled out an online form and was contacted almost immediately by one of his \"agent\" names Chris Hanson, he left Several messages before I was able to get back with him. Once I did contact him he asked me several questions and advised him and his associates will check out the property size, location, lot size etc.... and call to see it if interested. We received a call that night asking to see our home. We set the appointment time for Saturday and Chris confirmed it, the following morning he called to say Saturday would not work was there another day that was good, I chose Thursday July 31. Chris came to our home and viewed the house with my husband Julian Crosby; He looked throughout the entire home, garage, and yard. He took photos and spent quite a while looking around. Chris immediately offered what we were asking and proceeded with the contract, a closing date was chosen and my husband asked several questions regarding the details. Chris said this was a done deal and he would have the contract reviewed, signed and e-mailed the next day. By the end of the next day no contract was sent so I called Chris to ask about this, he made several excuses but finally agreed to have the contract reviewed, signed and e-mailed to me I told his I was nervous and he assured me it was all ok and a \"done deal\" I received the contract initialed and signed by Joshua Barton at this point I assumed everything was fine. A few days later we received a call advising they could not purchase the home because of the proximity to the power lines behind the house Chris stated over and over that he did not see them, he did not know they were there. Joshua also advised that he signed the contract before checking out the property. I advised that no matter what direction you take to get to our home you pass a huge power tower \/ line corridor.You can see then driving down our street, when you pull in the driveway, walk into the house, enter the back yard they are everywhere. For Chris Hanson to say he did not see them is a complete lie. There is no one on this planet that could miss those power lines unless they were totally blind. I do not understand how a house and its location and details that were checked before anyone came to the house, after an agent visited the house and after an offer made and contract signed without reconizing or seeing the house backs to power lines. As Real Estate agents this is a given. Why was an offer made? Why was the contract signed? How could it be cancelled because of the power lines that were there all along. Based on Chris Hanson's continued advisement that it was a done deal I gave notice at work (my Position was replaced) secured housing in another state, purchased moving supplies, and packed out belongings all for NOTHING. I left two voice messages for Doug Hanson to personally call me regarding his associates practices, the following day I received a call from another associate of Doug Hopkins and I was so irate that he did not personally call me I refused to listen to what she had to say. It was Doug Hopkins on the radio it was his name, his show, his agency, that I contacted and I was obviously quite distressed when I left the message for him. He could not even return a call. I e-mailed him to tell him how disappointed I was and he shot back an angry e-mail saying he tried to call (I later found out he was on a speaker phone listening to my conversation with his broker) He said because Of my call he would do nothing for us,, he would not make good on the promises made to us and that if I kept on slandering him I would hear from his lawyer. OUR FAMILY WAS WRONGED and this is how he represents his company? We lost so much, money, time, faith in people, job, time showing our home, all Because Doug Hopkins said on the radio I will buy any house at any price, in any location. There is no disclaimer saying well.....really no any house, and really not any location. These people are not truthful they lie to get what they need and then change their minds for any reason they want. I hope no one else makes the mistake we did to believe Doug Hopkins or any of his associates involved. Doug has a show on the Discovery Channel and I am shocked to know that a reputable channel has dealing with people who lie and cheat clients and have no remorse. I feel like I have just been kicked while down and then made to feel I did something wrong. The power lines and towers are on Cave creek Rd. just north of Pinnacle Peak if anyone wants to see what Chris Hanson failed to see (the power lines) that resulted in an offer and signed contract only to be cancelled after all the work, time & money we spent to get ready to move because of these I guess invisible power lines.    ZERO STAR RATING