My son and his football teammates asked me to take them out on Sunday nights for the first half of the late game. So we started this tradition in week one of the 2014 NFL season. The boys all had a budget. They all needed to order within their budget and have enough left over for a minimum 20% tip for the server. The kids were taught how to order for themselves, stay within budget, be polite and respectful and take care of the severs. They excelled!!\n\nWe went to Native for the next consecutive 21 NFL Sundays. Sometime we only had 4 people in attendance, sometimes we had 12 people. Overall we averaged 7 people per week. We were staples for Sunday afternoon and spent thousands of dollars collectively. The wait staff, managers and even bar staff all knew us. The servers always commented on how well behaved the kids were. They were polite and respectful and they were noticed.\n\nThis past Sunday, the hostess took exception to us seating ourselves at an empty table in the bar section. For the prior 21 weeks, we never encountered any issues. It's not like the bar section is crowded at 5:30 on a Sunday afternoon, it never is. We have always had an easy time of selecting the same table or tables. \n\nWell, the hostess chased us down, scolding us reminding us there was not an open seating policy. She went back to her booth and I reminded her that we will not tolerate her attitude. \n\nA manager later came over to me to inquire what happened and when I explained it to her, she started babbling about litigation between employees and employers. Huh? \n\nOver the past 22 weeks we have never encountered anyone so rude and unprofessional. My kids have never been so disrespected. We have always had a great time at Native. We enjoy the food, the service and the atmosphere. The staff, with the exception of this one hostess, is terrific! The managers are great, especially Cheryl. \n\nDue to this one bad experience, my boys have asked me to take them to Buffalo Wild Wings on Gilbert Rd instead. So, it's a sad day, but life goes on. Goodbye Native!