The Soul Cafe is trying, but unfortunately they are not yet succeeding.\n\nWhat they appear to be trying to be is a fine dining experience with a casual atmosphere and an interesting menu that leans towards comfort food.  The prices reflect this, but there are problems with every aspect of the restaurant.\n\n1.  Ambiance - the Soul Cafe is new, clean, and attractive.  The tables, however, especially in the main area, are extremely close together.  They have put a small band (2 players) and a tiny dance floor in the middle of the space.  When there is music, it is very loud in parts of the restaurant and virtually inaudible elsewhere.  Where it is loud people try to talk over the music and the result is a very noisy eating environment.  Whatsmore, the music consists of standard ballads and is just a touch better than the piped-in variety\n\n2.  Service - they didn't have our reservation, so I showed them the e-mail confirmation.  \"Oh\", they said \"Open Table - we have trouble with them.\"  I noted that it was their choice to put Open Table on their website.  The response was to put us on the list of people without reservations - at the bottom of the list.  We had to call the manager to even get a table.  Once we did, the waitress was formally polite but generally uncaring and inattentive (for example, no water; did not replace our used silverware after the appetiser; generally nowhere in sight).\n\nAll of this might have been overlooked were in not for #3.\n\n3.  Food - the menu is interesting but the execution is ... well, it's poor.  For example, the trout was totally unseasoned and bland.  Someone had made the shrimp-wrapped bacon by slapping a piece of bacon on a shrimp and burning it -- no sauce, no flavor -- could have been done by a five-year old.  The flatbread was soggy, the cheese was tasteless, the pepperoni was tasteless (they use the large deli-style which is not as heavily seasoned as the smaller format).  I guess it takes talent to make a totally flavorless pepporoni pizza, so you could say they have a talented chef. \n\nMy advice: keep the building, lose the music, spread out the tables, train your servers, get real cooks, and create a reservation system that works.  For now, the second star is only because of the effort.