I am not a huge make-up shopper, especially at M.A.C. I am the type of person that goes into a store knowing what I want, quickly picking it up and leaving. So, I feel like I am less likely to have a negative experience.\n\nThis has been my go-to location because I happen to be at Yorkdale or in the area on a regular basis. I have come two, maybe three times in the past two years (and maybe in total, lol). I have picked up lipstick both times. The lipstick selection of the company is phenomenal. They have many different types of lipstick, and I have always been able to find something to suit the look I am going for. I currently use the \"Sheen Supreme,\" a feminine, flirty pink that is neither obnoxious and neither too pale, the Creme D'Nude for when I want a nude finish, and my recent discovery has been the Relentlessly Red which I am in love with because I have never worn red in the past. When I went to pick up the Relentlessly Red I asked about lipliners, and they have a colour that goes with a lipstick that they look up for you, which makes this process very convenient. I wish they had told me the first time I went to purchase lipstick. Last summer when I came in to work earlier to apply make-up and save myself the hassle of driving in traffic, my lipstick melted. I didn't even leave it in the car during the day, and I had the A.C. on. I had never even thought about this, so I brought it into the store, and they told me it melted. I don't think I even had the receipt, but they gave me a new one without a problem, which was excellent customer service. \n\nOne thing that the staff can work on is, like another reviewer mentioned, the amount of make-up that they wear is superfluous and doesn't sell their product well. I have never seen a look on someone where I thought, \"Wow. That looks great. I'm going to ask them what they are wearing and perhaps purchase myself the same.\" But, I do think \"I do not want to look like that.\" They go overboard. It doesn't look good, or professional. They are missing out on sales in this domain, and it also makes the staff look less competent with their makeup application. When I came in to buy the pink and nude colours I was told something like \"actually, anyone can pull off any colour,\" and I strongly disagree!\n\nThis is actually also the busiest location in Ontario (or Canada) I can't remember now. I believe they had 26 people working the last time I was there, but many of them were in the back, and had to be called. Clearly, the (actively working) staff to customer ratio could be improved.