Let's start by saying this use to be my only place for Mexican. It was top notch. Now it's bottom of barrel. \n\nThe food quality was the best. Me and a few friends ate here 2 times a week, faithfully. We loved it. \n\nWe made friends with chef Paco, who was very passionate about his food. Honestly I believe he still is, and this my little Yelp minions is where the problem comes to a head.\n\nAbout 4 months ago one of the guys in the group was escorted out of the restaurant by some goons from the strip club next door. Over what you may ask? A basket of chips. $1.50 basket of chips. We all stayed away for a few weeks, but we eventually returned minus one for this amazing food. \n\nNow you may think my friend over reacted on $1.50 worth of chips but we are talking $150.00 to $200.00 bills 2 times a week easily.  Again no big deal but a customer was removed over 1.50. We returned despite sour attitude from our friend. Now we only went once a week. On a night this particular friend was unavailable. \n\nFast forward to approximately 8 weeks ago. Myself and two other guys walk into the restaurant and sit down at our normal table. Yes we had a regular table. The server takes our order and makes a comment, to the point of \" Chef saw you and said you were barred, but I should serve you anyway\" to which I replied, you have me confused with the other guy, my friend Mike. We let it go and place our order. We receive our food which is the WORST we have ever received. Everyone at table agrees. But being Business owners ourselves. We also understand that kitchens from time to time have bad days. But it was so bad, we keep reminding ourselves and for 2 months we stay away. \n\nTonight we return. The food which was MUCH better then last time but still far from the 100% it use to be was served. The meal was finished. We are looking over the check and there is a charge for 1.00 to upgrade to flour tortillas. I ask the waiter why, he says the kitchen says they cost more then corn, and grabs the check and runs away. We grab a menu and check the fajitas out. I ordered steak which is 26.50. It says clearly on the menu, fajitas are served with onions, peppers, rice, beans......blah blah blah and your CHOICE of corn or flour tortillas. No where dose it state 1.00 extra for flour. So again I engage the waiter to point this out. Who no doubt is disgusted and claims to not understand it himself. He said \" any enemy of chef Paco is a friend of mine\" which no doubt tells me he treats his employees as well as his customers. \n\nI'm done Paco. You can take your flour tortillas and use them to wipe your.......tears because you will receive no more of my nickels or dimes. You can not be so hard up that you offer customers a choice and then charge them if they do not pick what is cheaper for you. When people buy from me and ask for extra powdered sugar I do not charge them a quarter. Your really out of your mind my friend. \n\nYes we honestly believe you served us low quality food because you were dumping your Paco power all over us 2 months ago. Because you can't remember who you throw out. So on the note, I fold. It's to bad it's the best flan in possibly the world. \n\nOne more thing the chili is the worst ALL BEANS no meat. Pass on it.