This past weekend was only my second time visiting the top of the Stratosphere, Observation Deck, Tower Tour, or more specifically, levels 108 and 109. Since Teresa S. and I haven't been in a while, we decided to take advantage of their locals offer of complimentary passes.\n\nThe ticket desk is pretty simple to locate from the parking garage. You simply follow the flow of the casino plus signs and you'll find yourself at the ticketing area (on the right) opposite Roxy's Diner. Admission for adults is normally $18 and $12 for Nevada residents. Once you have your tickets, you are directed to the escalators immediately behind you. This next level is home to their resident acts like Claire Sinclair. More signs will direct you to the elevators that will take you up the tall tower with enthusiastic employees that share fun facts about the hotel and their fast, unique elevators.\n\nLevel 108 is the indoor observation deck, surrounded by floor-to-ceiling glass. There's also a bar (Air Bar, Vegas' highest bar), eatery, and gift shop. It's a wonderful view of the valley, but not so much for the Las Vegas Strip since Stratosphere is so far north and you can't see all the pretty hotels (Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, etc).\n\nLevel 109 is the outdoor observation deck where you can view participants on two of Stratosphere's thrill rides and also nearly 360 degrees of the valley. It was nice being outside, but I thought the views from the indoor observation area were nicer. \n\nIt's a nice vantage point, but the view is just okay. I thought the best view was facing Downtown Las Vegas, but it's nothing spectacular either. If that observation deck was located in the middle of the Strip, like on Tropicana or Flamingo, or even next to Mandalay Bay\/Four Seasons, it would be astronomically better (um, the view from Mandalay Bay's Foundation Room - GORGEOUS). So, I can't say I would recommend this activity, however, if you are a thrill seeker, which I am not, definitely check out the tower attractions available.