Trying to rank a pizza shop on the Eastside comes with a few disclaimers. First off --fair or not-- the bar of excellence is raised. All things marinara and cheese are not created equal on this side of town. Because you're in the proximity of so much greatness, what might pass as above average in other parts of town are merely passable over here. That's just the way it is and always will be.\n\nDon't come to this side of the Cuyahoga and think you can just turn out some thin crust dough topped with fresh mozzarella and cook in an oven without a pan and think you've made it. Oh no, oh ye of little pizza making experience. Mastering the art of pie is much more than that. Soul and comfort can and should also play a role in the overall experience. \n\nAt first glance, Vero Bistro should be so much greater, but sadly falls short. It has so much potential and with a few tweaks could be improved immensely. The bistro is located in a chic storefront in the Cedar-Fairmount district. Two story glass windows give way to a modern and minimalist interior. The space is unique to the city. It's almost Manhattan-esque. Inside there's a few tables on the first floor and even more seating up a flight of stairs. The walls are decorated with pizza box art. Abstract surrealism sketches on white pizza boxes hung on the walls. Odd, but fitting for the contemporary space. \n\nThe service was my biggest gripe. Vero Bistro seems to be struggling with its identity. Is it take-out or an eat-in shop? Do you order at the counter and take to your table ala a coffee shop, or does it require table-side service? It all seems very confused. Upon entry, behind the glowing gelato freezer is a staff member asks if you'll be dining in or carrying out. When dining in, they'll allow you to select your seat and promise to be with you shortly. On this Friday night, spread through two flights of seating, there was just two servers to handle the register and all of the diners. Wait times added up and it took us at least three requests to finally get water. As most of you can attest, shoddy service can ruin a good experience very quick. \n\nAs for the menu, it features pizza and a few starters. Each menu item with an asterisk next to the locally sourced ingredients. Localvores are sure to swoon at this amenity. Once the decision was made to order, we started with the bruschetta which was anything but your typical diced tomatoes on crusty bread. This version consisted of a variety of toppings that ranged from a tapenade spread to a roasted pepper puree along with the familiar diced tomato and olive oil. A nice start to the meal. \n\nNext we opted for two pizzas: the Margherita & the Pancetta & Egg pizza. Each pie on the menu measures apx. 8\" across and ranges $8-$13 a pie. Very reasonable by many standards, especially for this quality. The pizza was in fact, very good. Crispy charred crust, chewy dough, minimally invasive ingredients which properly allows the pizza shine on it's own. A very well done pie I must admit. It wasn't Crostatas good, but it was good enough.\n\nIt should also be noted that they don't-- at this time-- serve alcohol, but I saw others come in with bottles of wine to which they were supplied wine glasses. Pretty cool. I can see coming back to this place and hanging for a while. Perhaps bringing our own drink would alleviate the stress of worrying about the servers filling our glasses. \n\nWhen it was time to go, we just walked downstairs to fulfill our tab and grabbed a gelato to go. $3.50 for a small dish which was more than enough to share. Rich, milky, Italiano goodness. A perfect compliment to a very good pizza. \n\nIn summary, the staff was apologetic and even seemed to realize the kinks of this still somewhat new venture. And for that, I'm willing to forgive. We will certainly be back again. I look forward to them figuring it out. Because this place certainly has the potential to be great, but without adapting an identity, it'll unfortunately just be another of a long list of slightly above average pizza shops on the East Side.