There are utterly no words for this establishment.  Let's first off state that I simply chose this place off the reviews of fellow yelpers. There was a specfic review from a father out of state that praised them on taking care of his daughter in his absence.  So, I felt good about getting my car looked at. \n\nI went on Friday and asked a young man if they had time to look at my car today or on Monday. He said Monday he could look at it.  I have to be at work at an obscene hour, so I dropped off my keys in the key slot with a note attached. I have class until 450pm and I haven't heard from them at all.  I made sure to leave my contact info in the note.  Finally after several attempts of calling, a man finally answered.  I told him who I was and asked about my car.  He asked where I parked it which was an indicator that they didn't even bother to look at it.  \n\nI should of known from that to go to another place.  However, my time is limited and I need my car for work.  I don't hear from them at all on Tuesday, so I call, call, call, and again no answer.  Wednesday comes around and I, the customer initiate the call again.  They're not picking up.  Finally a man gets on and reports that he took it out and heard some unsettling things but he'd know more tomorrow.  \n\nThursday, bloody Thursday. I initiate the customer service for my vehicle by picking up the phone again.  Only this time I'm flabbergasted.  I call and call and call (no answer machine or receptionist) a man answers and I say who I am and ask about my car.  He proceeds to tell me he gave the car to my boyfriend.  Yes you read that right my boyfriend. Hold up, check the record, and let's try this again. \n1) you never initiated any phone calls with customer (me) about my vehicle.\n2) It took you 3 days to give me information about my car and actually look at it.  \n3) When I did get someone on the phone, not once did I say anything about a boyfriend. \n4) I did not leave written permission in my note to give my car to anyone but myself. \n\nI say all that to say that I told the gentleman that I don't have a boyfriend...so WHO IN THE WORLD did you give my car to? The man said I'll call you back in 10 minutes.  10 minutes go by, 20 minutes go by, 30 minutes go by, and finally 45 minutes later after my co-workers wonder why I'm so calm I call back (no surprise there). They tell me they're checking their cameras and that it was all so weird because the guy they gave my keys to knew my name and my car and what was going on. I then ask, if it's company policy for them to give keys to someone's car without their consent or permission.  The response to that was, but he knew your name and your car, the keys were attached to the clipboard.  They said you're going to have to call the city police and report your car as stolen.  They never took responsibility for their actions. \n\nNeedless to say with my own investigative skills I found out who had my car.  If I were you I'd steer clear of this \"business\". Believe it's not worth the headache, stress, or police reports to get your car looked at!!!!!