Thanks to John B., I knew right away that there was a \"vegan fast-food\" style meal available at The Wynn for an affordable price.\n\nFresh off the plane and too hungry and tired to deal with a full service-restaurant just yet, I hopped into Zoozacrackers Deli for a quick meal. It felt good to walk through the air-conditioned resort and putting a bet in the sports book before arriving here.\n\nYou order at the counter, and find a spot to sit. For a deli, this has to be the fanciest deli I've ever stepped foot into. If it wasn't for the quick-service type ordering, you'd think this was another one of Wynn's expensive and exclusive restaurants. Huge spacious booths lined with top quality fabric, plenty of gorgeous light fixtures throughout and a very elegant floor plan.\n\nThe menu has quite a large selection, but luckily the vegan option is highlighted in green right in the middle of the board!\nFor $11, you get a Gardein cheeseburger, fries, and a chocolate shake.\n\nThe fries were delicious-perfectly crunchy and just the right amount of seasoning. The shake was absolutely amazing. It hit the right spot and cooled me down, why the extra chocolate flavor made me feel like a kid. \nUnfortunately the cheeseburger did not do it for me. It looked like a McDonald's burger-and I mean that in the bad way. It was too 'perfect' as in unnatural looking. The bun was starchy and tasted like cheap fast food bun. The burger itself didn't have the delicious gardein taste I know-lack of seasoning. All in all very bland, very plain, and mimicked fast food burger a little too much.\n\nKyle H. bought a veggie sandwich and that was much more delicious! Way more fresh too. He also bought the Matzo Ball soup, which I did not eat of course. I was just more intrigued by the giant thing that was floating in his soup. Supposedly it was the Matzo Ball, I think it is more like an aliem egg about to hatch into something more sinister.\n\nOverall, for the price and for something quick and convenient, it was okay. Maybe next time I'll substitute the cheeseburger for another chocolate shake. I might get diabeetus, but for this chocolate shake it's almost worth it.