Terry: 5 stars\nChelsea (now at Mandalay Beach): 5 million stars \nLiz: 5 stars\nScott: why does this man-child still work here? \n\nI was forced to make a formal complaint about his behavior last summer to the concierge and via the Mandalay Bay customer guest review page online. I chose NOT to write the review at the time because the Mandalay Bay was so nice about it sending champagne to the room and strawberries as well as following up to my complaints twice via email.\n\nBut no, I guess they didn't take me seriously\n\nSCOTT is a youngish asian\/phillipinio\/whoecares with a very bad attitude and a chip on his shoulder. He could have been professional many times on the first incident last summer but chose to be a child and act like he owned the pool - literally! He claimed he was Mister Moorea when I asked who his boss was and he said he was the boss.\n_______\n\nLast summer's incident (2013):\nBooked a day bed. Ordered drinks and food through waitresses. Get bill at end of the day and there is a 18% gratuity added that was not mentioned (nor was it mentioned the day prior when we had the day bed, though we didn't order anything that day). So two days in a row they rent me a day bed but nobody (NOBODY) mentions there is added 18% gratuity if you order when you have a daybed or cabana. Now, I don't mind an automatic gratuity if I know about it and usually tip 20-25% depending on the service\/prices but leaving a spot for ADDITIONAL tip after NEVER mentioning the 18% when ordering nor when dropping the bill off looks like you are playing off people's natural reaction to write in a tip perhaps not noticing the 18% already added - which was me. I looked at my bill like 4x confused about what I was seeing.  \n\nWell, this is day two and I check the menu to see if maybe I missed it written somewhere or it being posted on the daybed on a plaque or something but no. No mention of the gratuity so I ask the waitress (black with a LOT of tattoos - a phoenix I believe) who says I was supposed to be told of the tip when the daybed was rented to me. OK so I go ask the front people why I wasn't told 2 days in a row and they literally laughed asking which waitress said that and that she was wrong. OK... now I'm annoyed. They are passing the blame around so I ask for a manager. Enter Scott.\n\nI explain what was written above and he asks which waitress so he goes over and talks to her - without me! So I have no idea what she said and in my experience both parties should be present but hey, I watched it happen and maybe I should have gone over there but he just kind of took off, you know? Anyway, he comes back and tells me she didn't say that it was their responsibility and that she can take the tip off but I explain that's not the issue. You guys leave a spot for ADDITIONAL tip spot playing off people's natural response to fill in the blank tip spot because these people have been drinking in the sun for hours... He starts getting annoyed that I feel like they are intentionally using the 18% gratuity and blank tip spot to gouge people for their money and then begins back talking to me sarcastically saying \"Ok, I'll fire her, is that what you want? OK, she's fired\"... I say no, but now she is lying saying to you a different story than what happened when I asked who was responsible to tell guests of daybeds and cabanas about the auto tip. She was lying to him - she called me a liar by trying to backpedal. \n\nWhy would a manager treat a guest this way? I was there with my husband and there wasn't any reason for him to do anything other than apologize and say that he (as a manager) will address ALL staff on the tip procedure and that simply writing it in tiny writing at the top of the receipt at the end of the day is not enough. Hopefully he would say \"That would be annoying, I'm sorry! It will be discussed with staff\" --- even if it won't. Because I don't care about all that - I learned my lesson: don't order from waitresses. I have legs, I can go order myself! But just making me feel better would have been nice. The situation got more heated than described (I left out the part when the 3 of us were all arguing together) but I will add that I did try to \"woooh-sah\" my way out of MY OWN anger. I approached Scott again before leaving and explained maybe we could BOTH take a deep breath real quick: we do. He and I both say OK and sorry if either seemed upset or came off badly - however, I did nicely, calmly and cooly explain after that I felt he was unprofessional in how he handled things and that things could have gone a lot different. \n\nI felt VERY uncomfortable leaving at the end of the day. Fortunately I was staying next-door at the Mandalay Bay so we didn't have far to go. It kept bothering me as I walked and got worked up again and stopped at the concierge to ask to fill out an incident report. That ended up being a small fiasco in itself as only security can have the forms for that and it took them 30min just to bring it over...