I must have gotten lucky and had a great meal at B&B given its 3.5 overall rating.  In my dining experience, Mario Batali can do no wrong (my favorite restaurant is Carnevino), and B&B did nothing to change that.  A group of 4 of us had dinner at B&B on a Saturday around 8:00.  They were doing a brisk business, but the place certainly wasn't crowded.  There are a ton of employees, so if you needed something and couldn't find your exact server at that moment, there was always someone to help out.\n\nWe spoke with the somm about some wine options and she recommended a nice barolo that was on the lower end of the price range.  The wine list was good, not the best I have seen in Vegas, but not even close to the worst.  And, the mark up was consistent with other upscale restaurants.  Wine isn't cheap on the Strip, but at B&B it wasn't more expensive than any other nice restaurants.\n\nThe chef provided an amuse bouche of marinated chickpeas on a crustini that the table enjoyed.  I started with the butter lettuce salad, served with pancetta, onion, and a gorgonzola dressing.  This salad was constructed very well.  Every bite had every ingredient.  The dressing perfectly coated the lettuce but was not overpowering to the point the leaves were wilting.  I would definitely eat this again.\n\nFor the pasta course, I had the Tarajin, a seasonal pasta with shaved white truffle, which they do table side.  This thing was impossibly creamy and bursting with truffle flavor.  An incredibly decadent pasta, I was very glad I came during white truffle season.  It was not cheap, but I would definitely eat this again.  I shared some of the pork trotter ravioli with the table, and this was likewise very good.  Covered in breadcrumbs and cheese, this was a very flavorful ravioli.  But, it couldn't stand up to the mighty truffles.  \n\nFor the main course, I had the short rib, served with polenta and shaved horseradish.  This was a good dish, but didn't entirely land for me.  The short rib was fork tender, as this cut should be, and everything was seasoned very well.  It just didn't completely come together for me.  This is what prevents me from giving B&B a 5 star rating.  I wish I could give 4.5 stars, but I can't so it's a 4 star rating.\n\nI have never left a Mario Batali restaurant in Vegas disappointed, and my streak continues with B&B.  Another fantastic night, highly recommended.