I just got back from this place with my bread queen merely 4 hours ago, and I'm still full. This was the original reason why I went to Vegas this weekend, not to celebrate the end of finals, not to take the opportunity of having a free hotel room in Mirage, but to show my beloved bread queen what an international buffet looked like. It didn't disappoint at all. \n\nStill full from a big ass brunch from the unflavorful Flavors buffet at Harrah's, we decided to commit one of the seven deadly sins, gluttony, here. When I usually eat out at a buffet, I get only the things I like the most, but after being converted from picky to foodie, I journeyed to try and to finish everything that the buffet had to offer. Mission over-accomplished. \n\nRanging from italian, american, comfort, chinese, japanese, and bread cuisine, this place has it all. The only thing wrong today was a temperature issue. Quality of all the food we had was great, even the bountiful desserts. Our server was also way friendlier and livelier than our morning server. I ate about 7 plates of food, probably consumed over 5000 calories here alone, but it was all worth it. To top it all off, we had the booth nearest to the buffet line of the Diamond area so no interruptions was present.\n\nMust tries:\nPrime Rib - my girl was tripping out on how it melts in your mouth, literally\nBBQ and Regular Ribs - not fall of the bone tender, but flavorful enough to satisfy the masses\nKorean BBQ Ribs - can't go wrong wherever this is given\nHoney Baked Ham - it's sweet meets savory \nShrimp - butterflied and flavorful without marinara\nShrimp Pizza - as a shrimp lover... must I say more?\nAny fried food - these guys know how to fry no joke\n\nStay away from:\nCorn Dog - it didn't even taste fried, and the casing of the hot dog was rubbery and strong\nSushi - not quality sushi, plus there's other things better to eat here\nComfort Food Area - you won't weigh the same after visiting this part of the buffet...\nDessert Bar - everything is addicting, especially the apple crisp and bread pudding (top it off with granola...)\n\nAfter eating, I was snapping my fingers and clapping my heels together wishing I was in bed. Full off my mind, I wasn't able to finish my last plate full of sweets, I honestly didn't know what I was eating by the 6th plate. My girl was also full off of her mind, and getting up was already a mission to do. For 25 bux a head, this is way worth it, plus the quality of food, unmatched by other buffets.