The Golf Club within The Boulders Resort & Spa was our little heaven. While watching our daughters college teams on tv in our casita , we decided to meander the scenic trails over to the club in hopes of multiple teles for catching both games. Inside the club is a fireplace and coziness. Lots of golfers catching a bite and a beer too. The decor was on par with the resort and it was clean... something we were taking issue with in the Discovery Lounge Bar. There are three televisions and the bartender was so sweet when we said we had a daughter at Penn and one at WSU.. of course Penn hadn't started yet but she switched one of the games over to WSU with no question. The menu also offered some different things than the other restaurants on property. We were just having light bites and a drink ... We ordered the Farm Eggs , a deviled egg with a sweet tomato jam and bacon.. there were four and perfect to share; and we ordered the Pretzel Bites with Fondue ... the pretzels were warm and just salty enough to go with the creamy fondue. Again, perfect for sharing. While we sat at the bar and watched the games and enjoyed the ambience of this great club, the chef brought out the Prime Rib Roast which was on the dinner menu for that evening ... my mouth watered! It looked perfect! The bartender was busy, but she was not stressed and handled every golfer and customer with perfect finesse. We had such a good time here! We really should have reserved for dinner at the dining room in the club , as our dinner on this night at Palo Verde was not okay. The dining room is pretty and despite the construction, the view off the patio over the golf course and to the boulders and mountains is beautiful. The bathrooms are also clean here ... again, they were not at the Discovery Lounge ( likely due to the wedding and seemingly lack of short staffing ) .. There is also a golf club shop here for shoes , golf needs , golf fashion and even children's books about the javelina! We should have just nosed up to this place and forgotten the rest... THIS place is where the good service is!