My parents rarely take themselves out & I'm grateful to have the chance to treat them to a nice outing whenever I can. I was planning on taking my Father out to dinner at Wicked Spoon for Father's Day, but by the time he got off work that place would be closed. Since I took off work, I thought Fleming's would be the next best thing to try without worrying about the time. I took the last reservation at 9p.m. & we were promptly seated upon arrival. The hostess was welcoming, asked how I'm doing and how my day was, which was a pleasant to hear. She also informed me who's my server & wished us both to have a nice dinner & actually wished my Father.. & Happy Father's Day to you sir. My Father lit up & said.. Thank you thank you. That sure brought a smile on his face and to witness that.. brought a smile to mine. Great job to this hostess!!!\n\nIt took a few moments for our server, Sarah to greet us & by that time, we were already ready to order. We, both decided to get their Prime Rib Dinner. It comes with a choice of salad, one side, & one dessert. Like Father, like Daughter.. we ordered everything the same... \n\nFleming's Salad - Not spectacular or anything to rave about. There were too much sliced purple onions, which I had to put aside. The dried cranberries, croutons, & tomatoes were just okay. Extremely simple & looked cheap. The candied walnuts were overly covered with rock hard caramel, that I warned my Father to watch out in consuming it. You could literally hear me crack the candied part in my mouth & it wasn't a good feeling against my teeth. The best part... the dressing was tangy & fresh. The presentation itself wasn't appealing at all. \n\nBaked Potato (Fully Loaded) - As the side we chose... It was the Best in our entire meal. My Father noted that it was his first time ever seeing such an enormous size potato & all its fixins. It came exactly in this order of toppings on the baked potato.. sour cream, butter, green onions, bacon & cheddar cheese as being a happy surprise in the very end as you dig inside. We enjoyed this Very much & it was one of the most flavorful fully loaded baked potato I ever tasted. Each bite I couldn't believe how delicious it was. Every topping complimented one another & it was like a joy ride of warm gooey goodness in its highest form. I can't tell you enough how much I love this side.. If I can give 5 stars alone to one food item I tasted here... this would definitely be it. Even my Father goes.. this Prime Rib isn't the best, but... this Baked Potato is!\n\nPrime Rib - It comes with three sauces on the side, which consists of spicy mustard, horseradish, & au jus. I felt the au jus was too heavy in flavor & one bite with this sauce was overpowering the natural flavors of the meat. I did enjoy mixing the spicy mustard, which wasn't spicy at all, where you get any heat.. with the horseradish sauce, which was also very light like sour cream taste to it. The combination of these two sauces went great with the Prime Rib. I ordered mine Medium & it was cooked perfectly. My favorite part, the dark ends were in depth with flavor & I loved the tenderness of the meat. Overall, I thought this was an excellent entree. I would definitely order this again.\n\nDessert time! You have to order their signature sweet.. Chocolate Lava Cake. We both learned the hard way.. you can easily be completely full & satisfied with one order.. easy. It comes with a thin cookie-like holder with two generous scoops of vanilla ice cream inside & topped with chopped pistachio nuts. Next to it, is the rich chocolate cake with a molten chocolate center of belgian warm chocolate. Baked to order, which takes 20 mins. to make. One of my favorite desserts. It also comes with a side of Chantilly Cream, which is the next best thing to sliced bread! So freshly whipped, light, & tastes like a whipped vanilla bean ice cream. SOOOOO soooooo GOOD! Every bite I took.. I added this cream with my cake. Heavenly!!! I am known to finishing all my meals, but I could only eat half this portion. When the server first presents this dessert to you, you'll just be amazing how much you get. It's like a whole meal... dessert style. Then sugar coma sets in & you have to reevaluate your desire to finish it all or throw in the towel. I... threw in the towel & rested my head back. Waaaaay too much for lil ole me. Even my heart was racing! \n\nThree mishaps, wanted to take our leftovers home, but the runner threw away half my dinner... Damn it! I love that Baked Potato!!! Oh well... Next time I want the to-go containers & bag it myself. Second, having to wait for a long time for our entrees to come out. Felt rushed. Third, being charged for both sides ($17) when it's included in the Prime Rib Dinner. I didn't catch it at first, but caught it after tallying 20% tip & giving my signature. You would think if I ordered that special, you would know not to charge the sides right?! Hmm honest mistake?! As another Yelper noted.. no such thing.