I'm neutral about this place.  If you were selected to be a part of the justice system albeit temporarily you are expected to be neutral, fair and to follow the law.\n\nThat's what was expected of me when I came here to 361 University when I was mailed a summons to appear for jury pool selection.  This building is located behind Osgood Hall at Queen and University and behind this building is Toronto's City Hall.  It is one of the courthouses for the Superior Court of Justice.  There is another office for the Superior Court of Justice located just up the street a bit at 393 University.  This is the more attractive and artsy looking building, not just a box.\n\nThe main public entrance faces University Avenue and requires individuals to pass through metal detectors and have their belongings scanned through a machine much like the way airport security is set up.  \n\nSo from what I gathered in my short time there, this courthouse gathers prospective jurors on  Monday to appear at 8:30 am to be potential jurors.  The room on the ground floor which is the jury pool room seats hundreds of people, seemingly somewhere between 3 to 4 hundred.\n\nUpon checking in the first time my summons was inspected by an officer to determine which of the 4 groups I'd be assigned to.  Each group had a color which were green, purple, red and blue.  Each group looked to be relatively the same in size with their own section for seating as well as tables at the front of each seating group.  The tables were reserved for individuals who needed to explain why they wouldn't be able to participate and be given the opportunity to explain why.  Basically if your'e there on a Monday, you want to be able to get to explain why asap so you can be excused, if you are in fact excused.\n\nFor the remainder of those that do not have a reason they cannot participate it's now a big waiting game.  Phil, who is an employee of the courts was there to explain in detail during first day orientation and give answers to common questions like how many days are you expected to be here, will you be paid, how is attendance taken etc.  Phil was a good speaker although his microphone needs to be either fixed or replaced.  He seemed to cut out a lot during the announcements he was making.  \n\nThe waiting area seems rather cramped.  I'm over 6 feet tall and I found it at times difficult to sit in the rows of regular seating because the chairs weren't spaced apart in such a way that you could get through easily enough to open chairs beyond where people were sitting in the rows.  I was in the blue section which is the most eastern part of the room.  This IMO was the best area because it's close to the lockers, cafe door (it's a cafe that accessible from the jury room) as well as closer to the rest rooms.  The blue section also had about 5 cubicles some of which has power outlets so naturally people with notebooks gravitated there for some personal space.  The tables at the front on the first day were reserved but after that they were no longer needed for individuals that need to explain their inability to participate so the tables became free game.  \n\nThe tables was were I spent my second day.  I ended up playing euchre with 3 other individuals for almost 3 hours before we were eventually dismissed for the rest of the week.\n\nPhil explained that there were 8 potential cases that would need jurors but for reasons he didn't need to get into none of the cases required any of the jurors so essentially we were not only dismissed for the day but for the entire week we didn't need to return either.  \n\nA couple takeaways for anybody that will have to go through this experience here:\n\n- You will be needed for potentially up to 5 business days even if you are not selected to be in a jury assigned to a trial\n\n- The first day you will need to appear for 8:30 am.  The following days (if necessary) require you to be there for 9:30 am.\n\n- Lunch is for an hour and you are dismissed at 1:00 pm, expected back at 2:00 pm.  You must also check in for the afternoon session the same as when you arrive in the morning for attendance.\n\n- Food and drink are allowed in the main jury room however not in the courtrooms.  \n\n- Wifi is provided however it doesn't seem very reliable.  \n\n- You must be ready to be called at any time.  If you need to take a 10 to 15 minute break (smoke?) you must leave your summons with an officer so that they know you are there.  \n\n- You can exit from several other doors but only enter through the University Ave entrance where the security scans take place.\n\n- If you require a statement of attendance (to prove to work you were there) when being dismissed and you are NOT selected to a trial, you must leave your summons with the court officers upon leaving the jury room. The court will mail your attendance record.\n\n- Whether selected to a trial or not you will not have to be summoned back for 3 years.  You should keep your summons as prove that you attended jury pool previously.