I hate to be the non meat eater to give this place only three stars, but here goes. Everything tastes better with butter, and no, Stockyards did not come up with that concept, in fact while most restaurants are trying out healthy options Stockyards is going just the opposite way. So much salt fat and fried food crossed my plate today I can hardly feel my toes. Talk about a fat coma! \n\nAnd while I loved our spunky waitress and her cooking companions I could have done with just a little less of all of the above. I had the biscuit, you must have one of these, served with a side of house made lemon butter and jam, it was pretty much out of this world. I proceeded to imbibe the eggs Tommy sans andouille with fried green tomato. Here's what happened, my tongue couldn't taste anything after the first couple of bites. It was a salt attack, I feel like it was in the batter and the hollandaise and even the shrimp. Please know, I LOVE salt, as in I put extra on my McDonald's fries when I eat them, but this was too much. The concept of deep fried poached eggs was highly unique, but I don't think I would get it again. And the hash browns were one big mess of seasoning salt that the sweet ketchup couldn't even cut through. \n\nOne of the tastier items were the daily benoits filled with Dulce de leche. Fried to gooey perfection and smothered in icing sugar, I really should have stopped there. Before I finish this review I want to throw out a few pet peeves. First, I know this is a mad meatery filled with burgers and fried chicken, but you can't make me your famous grilled cheese, just because it's not on the brunch menu!?! And beyond that, I'm requesting everything without meat, I am saving you money by not eating your meat, can't you pass along the savings to me? Especially since there were absolutely NO vegetarian options available. Second, it is hot as balls in there, but I can't order whatever I want to go? You are the restaurant, I am the customer, make it to go, please! \n\nI don't want to put across that I highly dislike this place, but I am certainly not head over heels like many of my fellow Yelpers. And no I probably won't be back anytime soon, simply because my arteries have to clear out, and I can spend $15.00 on something that really makes my mouth water. Meat eaters, from the sounds of chomping, slurping and moaning, there were several happy carnivores in the house. Shari M, Adeel O and Chris P included. \n\nBottom line...this menu wasn't conducive to my 15 km a week running addiction or my vegetarian inclinations. But you should try it once at least, just take your heart healthy Aspirin beforehand.