I would have given about 4 stars if I didn't get sick from eating at this place.  Most people would not have discovered the potential health hazard if you were not having stuffed nose n had to breath with your mouth in the eve. (Had to be 1,stuffed nose ; 2 evening with candle light) there were about 20 giant candles burning at the same time for hours and hours n t was was the main source of lighting which I liked at first. While other restaurants use small candles these giant candles seemed more fancy. However shortly after staying in the restaurant I started to feel increasingly difficult to breath. I had been having sniffles n cold due to a bad cold but was getting better. I shrugged off thinking colds usually get worse in evenings so might just bad luck. As night go on since the place was loud on Fri evening my nose was blocked , I had to use my mouth to breath n kinda semi shout to my friends. It really increased the irritation of my throat that it had very unpleasant feeling almost as if I chock on smoke n I started to cough constantly. By the end of night as we were leaving close to Mid night I was feeling extremely sick coughing ferociously ,just through my upper body n felt very nauseous and unwell.\n\nWent home n tried to spit out whatever was clocking in my throat-------- BLACK BLACK BLACK SOOT! (Yeah all from staying there for 4.5 hrs)\n\nI FREAKED OUT!!! It looked like I spit black squid ink!!!! For a split second I thought I was dreaming or my eyes were seeing things since I was sick! I trie to compose myself to see what the heck was that stuff n I had never even know a human can spit ink. It was like black tar!!!!!! Then it clicked why I was getting sicker and sicker in the place! The 25 giant candles burinng plus small space and closed door\/windows.  Plus all the stuff had built up in the air night after night with that many candles Burning. I am talking about those massive tall candles U see at church in movies. So i was inhaling the toxic smoke that produced 20-30 candles a night n the build up from previous nights. Apparently modern candles are VERY toxic the stuff it released its very similar to Diesiel engine and very cancerous(I am not even a health nut)! \n\n\"Paraffin is the major ingredient in most conventional candles and is a sludge waste product from the petroleum industry. It releases carcinogenic chemicals when burned. The soot\/fumes are similar to that released from a diesel engine and can be as dangerous as second-hand cigarette smoke. This can contribute to serious respiratory issues like asthma.\" -x20 going same time .\n\nUgh I wish I don't have to do the 1 star . Cuz I liked the place. By coming to the restaurant that night set my health back for a week. I was getting much better from the cold, that entire weekend I coughed so bad like my lung was inflamed ! I d love to come back but only when window open. Even day time no candle lit I know this place has polluted indoor air can makes me scared a bit. Hope they use more actual electric lighting than the giant candles. Most restaurant use mini candles n barely burn much. This place candles r the only source of lighting so they burn thru a lot of those. \n\nFood was good. I loved the oysters n ribs! :)::) service is good too and waiters r very nice. We gave him a good tip that he well deserved. I didn't t want to write this but I thought health is more of concern than a tummy.