Nope, still not as good as Little Miss.  If that's all you want to know, feel free to click off this review.  That said, I found much to love about Rudy's during my first visit here.  I'd known about Rudy's for over a decade thanks to a BBQ feature I'd seen on the Travel Channel way back when.  Once I found out they were opening a location here in the valley, I knew I'd eventually end up here.  Okay, it took awhile, but I'm finally here.  On a Saturday at dinner time, let's sample this taste of Texas.\n\nYou'll find Rudy's Chandler location on the north side of Chandler Boulevard, just a few blocks east of the I-10 freeway.  Originally founded in Leon Springs, Texas in 1989, Rudy's now has three dozen barbecue joints around the country.  Including three here in the valley (Gilbert and Goodyear being the other two).  Despite its chain status, Rudy's goes to some pretty good lengths to model their locations after their original.  Simple pits slow cooking the meat, a market style counter up front, a convenience store near the front entrance, and picnic style seating to boot.  The Chandler location can easily hold a couple hundred patrons, though finding a table for myself was fairly easy this go around.\n\nI mentioned to the gal at the counter that this was indeed my first Rudy's visit, and almost immediately she spoiled me with free sample after free sample of food.  I sampled the brisket, the pork, the turkey, the beans, the corn, the green chile stew, and even a sausage.  Afraid she'd make me full before I ordered my meal, I told her I was good and ready to decide.  I got a regular half sausage link, a pulled pork sandwich, corn, beans, their banana pudding dessert, and a fountain drink (refills are free, FYI).  Total cost for all of this food and drink including tax came to a very reasonable $20.  \n\nThey put all the goodies in my tray (which kinda looks like a soda carrier) and I sat myself down.  The meats were nicely smoked and pretty decent, though somewhat bland without sauce.  Fortunately Rudy's does offer a pair of sauce options.  Their regular sauce and their milder \"Sissy\" sauce.  The regular is on the spicier end, but far more flavorful than the Sissy.  The beans here also have a little bit of a spicy kick so bear that in mind.  With the regular sauce, my pork and sausage were both quite satisfying.  The banana pudding was a nice cooling finish with a mix of bananas, cream, whipped cream, and vanilla wafers to boot.\n\nSo again, it's not Little Miss.  None of the meats at Rudy's that I tried stack up to what Scott Holmes and his staff can create (though Rudy's sides can certainly hold their own).  But I kept my expectations tempered and came out pretty happy with my experience.  The portions, the price, and especially the service I received at the front counter were all excellent.  In summary, an affordable family friendly suburban BBQ joint in the same realm as a Famous Dave's.  Take that comparison however you wish.  For southeast valley residents not wanting to drive to Little Miss for lunch and wait for hours, chances are you'll find Rudy's a respectable backup plan.