I wish I could leave a review for the stylist rather than docking the whole salon, because the receptionist and the esthetician were great, but here goes...\n\nThe stylist I had been seeing at HotBox left several months ago, so I've been on the hunt for a new stylist. A friend directed me to Vanessa and I booked my appointment. When I arrived she was running about 20 minutes behind, but I didn't really mind so I got my eyebrows waxed while I waited. The wax was great and it was free thanks to a Yelp check in deal. Fast forward to the consult with Vanessa. Like the other Yelpers before me, Vanessa sat me down and gave my consult a solid 15 minutes and I felt like she was really listening to me. I was thinking, finally, a stylist that gets me! I told her I was growing out my hair (it's about 2 inches past my shoulders) and that I wanted boho, downtown, hipster girl hair...yep I used 'hipster girl' to describe what I wanted. When it comes to my hair I don't beat around the bush. I then showed her a couple of one year old photos of my used-to-be long hair and said, \"This is exactly what I want to achieve.\" I then told her I like to play with my hair a lot and versatility is extremely important. I finished my hair request by telling her that the last thing I wanted was a shag. I abhor shags. \n\nVanessa was extremely reassuring and told me several times that I had come to the right place...so why oh why did I leave the salon with a Joan Jett, Cherry Curry era shag that mushrooms at the top and has a slight mullet feel? I made the grave mistake of leaving the salon with a 'Oh I love it.\" Big mistake. Lesson learned! Stand up for yourself if you hate what the stylist did. I can't even put my hair in a ponytail. I called the salon and conveyed my disappointment, basically saying, \"I got a shag.\" Vanessa was extremely defensive and told me that she didn't give me a shag and that if I wanted my hair fixed she was going to cut off the length. Umm...what?!? I went ahead and googled 'shag' and sure enough, my exact hair style popped up in the google image search. I opted not to have Vanessa fix my hair, mainly because she was so defensive and condescending, which is a shame because I really liked her. I've never had to request a style fix from a stylist like this...and I've never been so disappointed with a hair cut. And that's saying a lot, because I once got a little boys crew cut after requesting an adorable pixie cut.