Picture it: its your first time, youre scared, shaking, nervous... what if it doesnt look right or what if it hurts when it it goes in... your piggies into the water I mean : ) This is my HORRIBLE first experience getting a pedicure...\n\nSo this Monday my little family and I are going to SeaWorld San Diego, a place my son and I have never been to and Ive dreamed of going since I was knee high to a pigs eye! I looked at my feet and they we HELLA HELLA in need of some lovin, other than my own.I normally color my own tootsies because I do a pretty dang good job and get all the polish off that I get on my toes. So I decided to \"pamper\" myself : )\n\nWe went in and only had towait about 10 mins for 2 of us to get $20 pedis, not too bad considering they were busy. Its a family run place and its pretty clean... Although the lady doing mine wore gloves and took a cash tip from a customer and didnt change her glove. Ewwwww!\n\nFor customer service its ok I guess, I was the one who has to start talking before my lady did. I got the sister of the biz, she was nice and became talkative once I probed her and told her I did reviews for my beloved Yelp. \n\nNow this is the first time I've ever gotten a pedi, so I was SOOOOO excited!! Well my bubble quickly burst. I seriously couldve done this on my own, and most better. She did the SOP I guess, soaked the feet, she didnt cut my nails because she said they were too short, kinda filed 3 of them, buffed only 1 foot, put some jelly crap on em, and did the semi scraping of the bottom of my feets. Now like I said this is my 1st pedi in 25 years!! You would think she would spend more than 30 seconds with my calluses. I told her I chase around 5 my year old barefoot and go swimming a lot... but no, she didnt. \n\nNow came time for the color, she had asked if I had already chosen a color and I wasnt aware I was supposed to so I told her what colors I liked and I had really wanted a flat white. She brought this pearl white and some glittery clear looking white-ish. She tried it on my nail, and it didnt look good, so she went and got this pretty glittery red one which I loved. I thought she wouldve taken the polish off from the color she tried, but she didnt, she just painted over it! So she did my first coat, then applied a second coat to my right foot and a clear coat. Well the blonde one had to come in and take my ladies place for God knows what reason, and she didnt even put another coat on my left foot and just put the clear on... WHAT THE EFFFFFF! I was sooo pissed, my lady came and was like we need to put a second coat and that blonde a-hole was like \"I already did!\" Ugh, damn liar. So that was it, They gave me my walking papers.\n\nI had noticed the \"Aunt\" of the place does a much better job, whilst I was soaking my feet in cold water (ugh) the lady next to me seemed like she was getting the royal treatment, she polished her piggies sooo nice and even made sure none had any reminisce of nail polish, she even used a real brush they use for your manis. My bf got the aunt lady and his pedi was ok, nothing to show off, but just ok.\n\nMy bf started soaking his feet like 2 mins after me and was done 10 mins after I was. Also, \"mommy\" kept looking at me like I was trying to steal a freakin file or something, just because I am hella tatted doesnt mean I want your .29 cent sally beauty supply nail files!!\n\nThey do have OPI but theyre ugly and the selection is pretty good, but nothing took cream yourself over. I have cuter colors at home.\n\nSeriously, go someplace else!! Look at my photos too! This place sucks ass! The ppl who gave 5 stars mustve been high!!! \n\nSorry in advance, my freshly pedicured toes look like shit! Way to ruin my first time!! I felt like a girl on prom night who got her cherry popped from a senior who was left in an alley! NO BUENO!\n\nAnd P.S. I did tip her!! FML!\n\nDōmo Arigatō Bitches!!!