A woman sitting behind me but a few seats over silently puked all over herself in the red velvet (read: not very cleanable) seats just as the show was starting. Seriously, people, get your shit together!!! This also happened to me recently on the shuttle home from a wedding. Alcohol can get the best of anyone, but there's simply no excuse for adults getting so drunk they can't even figure out that they need to get to a bathroom (or try to do so!). I am personally embarrassed for the women I've seen do this because they were just too old for that kind of behavior. Even an 18 year old should know better.\n\nStaff were alerted and they attempted to clean the mess in the dark which temporarily masked the smell with ammonia, but it was not gone and just became more and more unbearable as I couldn't get away from it and grew more and more annoyed about how the show was rendered the opposite of sensual. STENCH OF VOMIT = MOJO KILLER.\n\nI had hardly been able to get into my seat since I had to climb over 12 or so people who did not even try to move their legs for me (btw, I am very small). Not to mention I was dead center in the 5th row, so it would be very noticeable by the performers if I got up, and I might even interrupt the show by accident with them moving through the aisles and soaring over the audience and such. I told myself to just... hold... out... for... intermission. At one point, another woman (it appears our sense of smell is much stronger) in my row who was closer to the aisle managed to get the staff to come clean the area again. They were not close enough to me to get their attention without drawing the attention of everyone in the section. The second cleaning helped but faded after a few minutes again. And intermission... never... came. By the time the show was ending, the smell was so overwhelming that I was very near puking myself. And in no mood to go out and drink (though I tried and failed).\n\nI was pissed because I spent a lot of money to get this one night in Vegas that was pretty much ruined. I knew it wasn't Cirque's fault per se but I was sure that when I complained they would do something to make the horrendous experience up to me. Because it definitely wasn't my fault, and that's what customer service is all about. But NO, I was completely shut down with nothing more than an apology and a \"This is Vegas\" attitude. In fact, I was told it was my own fault for not being an asshole and getting myself reseated during the very dark and very busy show. I wasn't even referred to someone higher up I could talk to. \n\nThe show was great but the customer service was abysmal. I doubt it was the first time anything like this has happened, so I do think it's Cirque's responsibility to make sure that one customer can't easily ruin the experience of many others. It's not just Vegas -- Cirque pushes 32 oz. drinks on its audience members before virtually locking them into their seats for 2 hours straight. I wouldn't be surprised if drunkards poop themselves too. Ushers seat everyone and maybe it's their responsibility to identify people who are too drunk to participate in the show. Cirque, I've been a long time fan, and you owe me better treatment.