Literally just had lunch there, walked to my hotel room to write this. Service was ok, my server was very nice but sadly only checked on me once at the beginning of my meal while I was eating the squash salad and not very often after that. I looked around because my water glass was empty, but no one around to call. So I waited about 7 minutes before someone looked my way to get a refill on my water. Now on to the food which was waaaayyy underwhelming (squash salad) and not good at all (steak tartare). For the squash salad it is $10 for a salad piled only one half the plate. It consisted of dressed spinach, thinly sliced apple, thinly sliced squash, and little dollops of sour cream or creme fresh. Yes the most interesting thing was the taste of the squash because it wasn't raw and prepared nicely, but the rest was boring. When my waitress came to check on me while I was eating my salad if something is underwhelming, I won't send it back it's just meh or say much. I ordered it, so I'll live with that. The steak tartare however...there were so many wrong things on this dish. The rosemary fries that came with it way too salty (I had 3 pieces before I gave up). The steak tartare came deconstructed. What I should have done was taste all the elements before mixing. But I didn't and was left trying to pick pieces out of the tartare to just eat and get the heck out. The fermented relish they had, didn't taste in any way fermented and felt like the consistency of very thin plastic. It was the very thick skin of some sort of pepper and the pieces stuck to the back of my throat as I'm trying to eat. The consistency of the steak tartare was so mushy because it was overgrounded. When you have a good soft piece of meat like that, your better off hand chopping it than hand grinding it. I've tasted raw ground beef before (I know unsafe), but it was mushier than that! And lastly the 3 minute egg on top. When I first tried to dump the 3 minute egg onto the tartare to mix in all that came out was clear liquid....an undercooked egg. When you make tartare and have a raw egg mixed in, it is usually only the yolk that is added to add a velvety consistency and not make it watery and snot looking with the raw egg white. I picked up my tartare and did my best to try and flip the liquid out and just continue eating. It was bad enough that I had to pour out the rest of the raw egg white still in the eggshell on my salad plate. \n\nAnd don't worry that I am in any way just a one shot gal. I will be back for dinner service because there are still things I want to try and see if the other dishes have any redeeming qualities. I think for what I tasted today, I'm being very gracous giving it a second try.