Mandarin Oriental, after the beautiful experiences with you this past weekend, how will I be able to stay at elsewhere whenever we are in Vegas? Everything was just perfect! I have high standards for hotel stays, Mandarin Oriental meets all my expectations, standards and even provides many more I don't expect! This is THE best hotel I have ever stayed so far! \n\nWe got a greeting email regarding to our arrival and special requests for our weekend stay, how thoughtful, it made us feel very welcomed even before we arrived there! Mandarin Oriental is located in city center, but it feels more private and very quiet, with Aria and The Cosmopolitan around this hotel, it truly feels like a getaway from noisy & busy strip. Valet and luggage people took care of our luggage, showed us the way to elevator to get to hotel check in floor, they provide bottle water and wet towels at a table behind valet, how sweet! \n\nThe check in floor is the same floor as Mandarin bar and tea lounge, the elevators to guest rooms and suites floors are separate from other elevators, only hotel guests have access, as well as fitness center, spa and pool. I love it, makes me feel very private and safe! Check in staff came to the front to greet us, provided cold tea to freshen us up from our journey, she was extremely nice and thorough, went through all the details, helped us push our late check out to 3 in the afternoon, led us to the hotel guests elevator, and wished us to have a pleasant stay, hubby tipped her $20 for her great help and service! \n\nOur room had a very nice Aria view, the room features and amenities were among the best of the best! Spacious closets with dressing mirror, in room safe with chargers, overnight shoe shine and laundry services, his & her bath robes and slippers. Amazing bathroom, a small TV in the mirror, his & her sinks, mini vanity station with jewelry box, flat hair iron, I didn't even need to bring my own next time! Soaking bath tub with bath salt, separate shower with nice bath amenities. They sure provide things other nice hotel don't have! Impressive! \n\nVery comfy king bed and pillows, nice lounge area with comfy sofa and couch by the window, complimentary tea, fully stocked mini bar, snack bar, the sparkling water and different juices were great with our own Grey Goose bottle, I had a few beer too. And they even provide a $10 intimacy kit for couples, sexy... We can see the bathtub from our bed, makes things even more intimate. They even put rose pedals in bath tub and on the night stand at turn down service, how romantic...I really love the cityscape room, I could only imagine how nice a suite would be... Definitely ask hubby to get a suite next time! \n\nThe service of this hotel was just flawless, the things they provided were very thoughtful and sweet! This is definitely a luxury hotel for romantic weekend getaways. Casino and smoke free, quiet, relaxing, intimate in a lot of ways imaginable. Try the afternoon tea at tea lounge, if you don't like carbs filled snacks, just try some different organic teas, it's very refreshing after the previous night hard partying if you ask me! The mandarin bar is just next to tea lounge, they open at 4pm everyday, great views and drinks, some intimate lounging time late night or a cocktail before heading out somewhere else. Pool area is so quiet and private, so different from the other pools in Vegas, fitness center is great for fitness freaks like me even on a mini vacation, you need to swipe your room key at the front desk to gain access to fitness center, the spa is for peaceful and zen times to take a break from the drinking, noises and hard partying in Vegas! \n\nI really loved it this hotel was so quiet, we didn't even see too many people anywhere, seemed people don't even come to Mandarin Oriental to hang out. The check out luggage assistance and pulling our car to the front was the fastest we have ever had! Usually it takes long time at other hotels. This is just great for someone like me who doesn't like crowd and slow luggage & valet services! We got hungry on Sunday morning after our all night partying, ordered breakfast room service, smoked salmon bagels, fruits and french fries were delicious, mushroom and steak omelet was great, they put it in a container to keep it warm, in case we couldn't finish it, we could still have some when we wake up. \n\nThis is what I call a true luxury retreat, yes it is possible even in the super loud and crowded Las Vegas! And of course you pay what they offer the best...No self parking, suppose you don't need to save on tipping valet if you can afford staying here? Parking is not free, $25 a day, resort fee each night, room rates starting at $255 on weekdays and $355 on weekends, suites are more expensive. Plus tips and room service, it's a lot even just for a weekend stay. \n\nMandarin Oriental is a romantic luxury paradise in Las Vegas, I am in love with it! When valet told hubby to come back soon, hubby said \" for sure!\"