I see reviews for Ingles Market going back to 2012, but this supermarket looks like it was opened this week. A large portion of the parking lot was taped off, because the parking lot was being (re)paved. An employee that asked about a product said, \"we don't have everything in yet,\" so that make me wonder if this place was just recently remodeled. \n\nThe supermarket is probably the CLEANEST, most brightly lit, and spacious market that I've ever seen. The aisles are wide enough to drive a semi down them. \n\nA good thing or a bad thing, depending upon how you look at it, is that this store is huge inside. The size of the place reminds me of a Costco or a Sam's. I couldn't find the item that I was looking for so I asked an employee and the item was on aisle 28-29. I was on aisle three. After walking what seemed to be two hundred yards (probably more like 100) I located the correct aisle only to find that the online site that sent me here for a specific organic product lied to me. In my best Cartman voice: \"those bastards.\" C'est la vie!\n\nIn the process of locating my item I basically walked the entire store. Half of this was looking for what I drove there for and the other half was curiosity, because I'd never been to an Ingles before. I was very impressed with the store. Every items was just so on the shelves and every label was facing forward in exact alignment. It takes a heck of a lot of dedication by the employees and extremely good management to make this place so immaculate. \n\nOne of the few things that I didn't like was that while walking down the aisles separated in the middle looking for items, the separation would suddenly end. This forced me to walk all the way to the end of the long aisle to progress. First world problems, huh?\n\nWhere most grocery stores have a small section dedicated to items, this grocery store had one or two entire aisles dedicated to things, such as snacks, ice cream, juices, water, you name it that had it and in mass quantities. There was a very large section for wine and an adjacent beer cave with cold beer and kegs. \n\nThey had a really nice, fresh looking, double sided salad bar that was many times larger than most restaurant salad bars AND Chinese buffets. If I worked in the area I would come here at least once each week for a fresh salad. There was a large clean dining area inside.\n\nHickory finally got a Publix, and that's the only market in the area where I live that can even compare with this Ingles Supermarket. This is a NEXT level market. If you can't find what you need here, you probably didn't need it anyway. \n\nI did buy some Duke's mayonnaise (the best mayo in the South) and five bags of garlic croutons so the visit wasn't a total waste. (BTW, our local Aldi's stocks Dukes mayo as their Aldi's house brand. The lemon notes of Duke's mayo is unmistakable.)