Despite having heard wonderful things about Chelsea's Kitchen, I've never made it in to dine here before until last night.  I don't know why I waited so long, but I wish I had come sooner.\n\nAside from being easy to find, Chelsea's has a low key look from the outside, but easy to find and spot from the road.  Upon pulling up, I realized that they had complimentary valet.  Nice!  Place is wonderfully decorated without coming off as intimidating, and has a great clean, sophisticated look yet still makes you feel comfortable eating there.  I like that. \n\nI was greeted right when I went in and was waiting for my friend Robin and her mom to arrive.  I waited outside and realized that there's a table for 8 people right outside the front door! I hung out there until Robin and her mom arrived.  When we were seated, staff was warm, friendly and attentive.  Hostess made sure we were comfortable where we sat and the server was right on it the whole night through.\n\nSince I had never been there before, I had a few questions about the menu, and in between the server and my friend, they were able to answer everything for me.  I went with the Chelsea's Cheeseburger minus the Russian Dressing.  Friends mom went with the Wood fired chicken quarter, and Robin went with the Ahi Tuna.  When the food came out, it all looked really nice! Burger was awesome, and the fries were sweet potato (i think) and were excellent.  \n\nWhile we were eating, the guys at the table next to us ordered a steak of some sort, and it was HUGE, and looked absolutely delicous. If I hadn't already eaten, I very well could have gone over there and taken the plate away from the poor guy it looked so good.\n\nI didn't get a chance to see it, but I heard that the patio is beautiful. I was going to go look, but I was so engrossed in my dinner and conversation, that I never got to check it out. Next time I will though.\n\nI would like to say that I wish I had come here sooner. This is my kind of dining establishment, and its absolutely worth every penny you spend here, and worth every mile you drive.