Over-hyped, over-priced, too cool for school attitude from the staff, in a divey atmosphere.  It's amazing what people will accept these days because everyone else is telling them it's cool.\n\nDo I sound too old for Grand Electric?  Perhaps.  But, being a restaurant owner myself, I was absolutely appalled by the horrendous service I experienced on my last visit.  There's aloof and then there's just plain rude.  The service from our server fell into the latter category.  \n\nTo begin, the hostess showed us to two available seats at the bar.  Fine so far - she was neither particularly friendly not particularly rude.  Smiling seems to be frowned upon by the wait staff at Grand Electric. \n\nWe take our seats at the bar, and wait a few minutes before our server even acknowledges our presence.  I'm not quite ready to order, and she turns her back on us without a word.  A few minutes later, and our surly, non-smiling holier-than-thou server takes our drink order and our food order.  She goes to the back of the room to put the food order (two pork belly tacos, two cauliflower tacos, and two spicy chicken tacos) into the POS for the kitchen, then returns behind the bar to pour my beer and fetch my dining companion's bottle of Negra Modelo.  She puts my beer in front of me about as far away as it is physically possible to place it on the bar, forcing me to reach across the bar to get my beer.  This may seem like a small matter, but I truly believed that it was intentional, and was indicative of her attitude towards me.  I obviously wasn't cool enough, in her eyes, to warrant attentive and courteous service.  \n\nSo, we drink our beers, one Red Leaf, one Negra Modelo, both cold and tasty, and about 10 minutes later, our food arrives.  The order is almost completely wrong.  Sure, there are the two pork belly tacos, but alongside them are two fish tacos and two beef cheek tacos.  We state the order is incorrect, and it is whisked away with scarcely an apology.  I actually think our server grunted with annoyance as she returned the food to the kitchen.  I see her return to the POS and re-send the order.  I don't know how the mistake was made, but no big deal, these things happen.  \n\nAs we continue to wait, a bearded baseball-capped gentleman (who I assume is the manager) apologizes, and assures us the food is on the way.  He is courteous and smiling!  Someone in the place who apparently seems to understand the importance of good service!!  Kudos to you, whoever you are.\n\nFinally, our food arrives.  The spicy chicken tacos arrive first, and after my dining partner picks off all the chopped cilantro on top (she hates the stuff - no fault to the kitchen here...), we dig in.  First, we are struck by the tiny size of the tacos.  These things are SMALLL.  The flavour and texture is okay, nothing to write home about, but also not terrible.  The sad dried-out lime wedge is a travesty, however, particularly now, what with the lime shortage.  A tip to the kitchen - don't cut limes too far in advance, keep the insert covered, and cut around the pith.\n\nOur non-smiling server tries to grab the empty plate (a round aluminum tin tray) away and I stop her, as we want to keep a plate handy for the rest of the tacos, so that we may both have a plate to eat over (no side plates were provided).  She scowls and drops it back down.\n\nNot long after that, the pork belly and cauliflower tacos arrive.  We start with the cauliflower tacos.  Quite tasty, good crunchy texture, but overwhelmed by what appears to be a mint and cilantro sauce.  The pork belly tacos are fatty and satisfyingly porky.  Both are decent, but again, nothing to write home about.  At some point the bartender notices my drink is empty, and asks if I want another.  I order a shot of Four Roses Bourbon, on special at $4. Tasty.\n\nWe inform our server that we're ready for the bill.  It arrives ($44) and I leave $47.  Not a good tip, I know, but that's the point. \n\nTo conclude, this was my second time at Grand Electric, and I will not be returning.  This place simply does not live up to the hype.  The wait staff (with the exception of the guy who I think was the manager) apparently seems to think that being rude to the patrons is somehow okay.  It isn't.  That, combined with the shitty decor, the sub-par over-priced food, the obnoxiously loud hip hop, and the fact that I had to stretch my neck in two different directions in order to see the food menu and the drinks menu (seriously, people, you're a very busy restaurant - surely you can afford to print some menus!), results in me giving Grand Electric 2 stars.  To all those who think I'm nit-picking, and I just don't get this place, please, it's all yours.  Enjoy.