Day 2 for Tori's Bakeshop and what can I say I am a disappointed with my overall experience.  My review:\n\n1) Location\/ Design\/ Overall Look and Feel: A great location for the Beaches and a rather cute shop. I really liked the windows inside that show the bakery\/bakers working away behind the scenes. The lighting was well done, using industrial whisks as light fixtures was a very cleaver idea. The space was clean, with a pastel and neutral colours that made the place inviting & upscale. \n\nThe layout & position of the baked goods was a little chaotic, as we found that there were muffins, cookies, brownies, etc. displayed in the glass display, on the counters, behind the staff at the coffee bar - everywhere. This does have its benefits, but also made it a little hard to compare & decide which would be the best breakfast items amongst all the sweets.\n\n2) Baked Goods & Food Products: Okay... I understand that this is a shop that sells baked goods. I was under the impression however, that \"baked goods\" included more than just muffins, cookies, cupcakes, brownies, and other sweet treats. As they are open during morning hours, I was looking forward to grabbing a croissant, or breakfast biscuit, french bread etc. I was rather disappointed with the selection of \"breakfast related\" foods available - as there was really only a crumbling breakfast cookie (which did not look appetizing as it fell apart on the display plate) and a blueberry scone. \n\nAs someone who loves to bake and experience food as more than just a culinary indulgence but as an opportunity for conversation and connection, I was rather discontented by the baked goods. The blueberry scone was heavy and lacking in flavour, when it should have been light, fluffy and yet substancial. \n\nThe bite size chocolate brownie was nothing special. Nor was the peanut butter filled version, which to be honest could have used more filling, as it tasted exactly like the nut free version, with one peanut on top. \n\nThe cappuccino was alright, but once again, nothing special. \n\n3) The staff: Coffee shops and breakfast places open rather early on Saturday\/Sunday mornings in the Beaches. Around 8-8:30AM is usually about the time when most places start serving their clients. As no store hours were posted this morning and people were in the store front, we had made the assumption that the store was open. We were corrected by one of the staff, who made us feel more like Jehovah's Witnesses or Encyclopedia sales men, standing trying to make a sale outside of the shop. A good customer service policy would have been to welcome us in, explain that the store was not yet set up, but offer a coffee or cookie and advise of the times that the store would be open. Clearly, showing up that early in the morning on a wknd, demonstrates that we are from the area and had the potential to be repeat customers. \n\nAfter returning at around 10AM, we were greeted by two well dressed staff behind the counter. Their outfits were cute, looked presentable and matched to their surroundings (i.e. the look and feel of the shop). I cannot say as much for the people baking behind the glass windows, or even Tori, the store owner. I had asked who Tori was, as I wanted to congratulate her on her shop opening and welcome her to the neighbourhood. The response given was \"Oh... she is around here somewhere, probably in the back baking or something.\" My advice... if you are a new shop to the area and are looking to be successful and create a welcoming customer relationship, then the store owner should be present and working on creating a bond with the clients. Sharing a personal story about why you opened the business or how it came to be, would be an awesome way for people to connect with the clients and become identifiable as a welcoming, warm and friendly place. Nothing beats amazing customer service, and I hate to say, but this place is inexperienced in their abilities to deal with clients.\n\nTori was seen walking around the shop, later on. She was dressed in a rather sloppy manner, her hair tied back in a messy bun with a green rag holding it away from her face, stained sweat pants of some sort and a dirty t-shirt. She did not appear to represent the shop or align to the decor.  She did not tak to any of the clients who were eating their baked goods.\n\nWhile we were sitting finishing our items, a staff member opened the front door (beside our table), letting in cold air into the store. She looked over at our table, half giggling said \"The fans in the bathroom weren't on, I just turned them on now. Don't blame me if it smells bad.\" After sharing this to us, she turned and announced this again to the people behind the counter. Some things are better left unsaid.\n\nAll in all I would not return any time soon. I wish them luck, but in order for them to succeed they're going to have to work on a few things; flavourful food and customer service should be a priority. Save yourself and go to the Pie Shack!