Worst customer service I had ever received.\n\nThere always seems to be a long line when we go in so I wasn't expecting anything less when we came on a weekday during lunch to drop off my save the date post cards for our wedding.\n\nBecause it was a long line, I took the opportunity to call my friend to wish her a happy birthday. There was one gentleman working the counter and when I was the second to the front in line, some older lady came out of the passport office and looked at me and then said to the lady behind me \"I can help you in the purple, because I can't help her she is on the phone\" in the rudest of rude voices! Since when is it not allowed to talk on the phone at post offices. Maybe its impolite, but I would have hung up the second she came to help me! This lady did not even give me the opportunity. \n\nAbout 10 seconds later I hung up the phone and apparently she could not help the lady in purple because she asked me to come into her office to be helped. She did not greet me or say anything nice. I then told her that I had ordered special stamps with my fiance and my photo on them for our save the date cards and I have heard of a technique called \"hand-canceling\" where you can manually hand-stamp the postcards so they are not run through a machine which would cover the stamp. Because I spent good money on these stamps, this was important to me and I had other friends in the past utilize this service. The lady did not have any idea what I was talking about and was very rude to me. After waiting for 30 minutes in line you would think she would be sympathetic and at least attempt to find what I was looking for.\n\nBasically, after 5 minutes of explaining what I needed, she continued to say that she could not help me. FInally, I said \"I guess there is no way to hand-cancel then,\" and her response was \"Well there is, but for a price. It costs extra per post card.\" At this point I was annoyed because there was a way to hand-cancel and the lady pretended she did not know. So I agreed that I wanted to pay extra to have them not go through the machine. She then made me sit there and count every card to determine the cost which I was happy to do. About 5 minutes later, I told her I had 115. She then pulled out the ugliest George Washington stamps that she basically was going to put over my cute little photo stamps of me and my fiance. Now, I thought I was in the twighlight zone. If I did not want a barcode over my stamps in the first place, why would I want a gigantic photo of george washington covering my stamps?\n\nI then got very irritated and told her no that is not what we want and she said I could not be helped. She never once took a second to ask someone else what hand-canceling was or whether they offered it. I eventually went to another post office in Las Vegas and they happily allowed me to hand-stamp my postcards at the post office and I gladly did so. What is hilarious is that I had a couple more to stamp and went back to the Summerlin location. A younger gentleman assisted me and he was so kind and allowed me to hand-cancel my remaining save-the-dates! LOL this post-office needs consistency! Props to the nice younger guy that helped me and cracked some jokes along the way. Maybe he will eventually rub off on the crotchety older lady in the passport office!!