This place is a horrible, don't take your car there, they do not perform the services that you pay for. Took my BMW in for an oil change and four hours later, got a bill for $4200 of things I SUPPOSEDLY needed done on my car. Two months later my oil light comes on, I take it to the closest shop and they check my  oil and it's BLACK! The shop tells me that the oil hasn't been changed in months and I should at least top off the oil and not drive around because it's very low and gritty. I ca\nlled down to German auto, spoke with Richard, told him everything I was told and he tells me  to come down. When I get there I ask Richard why hadn't been changed. \n\nHe checks my oil and proceeds to tell me that there's no way my oil was black. I tell him that I seen the oil (when I was topping it off) and it was black. He proceeds to call me a liar and gives the analogy that, if you take black tea and add water to it the color will not change...??? Crazy right???\n\n Then he proceeds to pull out my service history and talks about a time in 2014 where I did not have the car serviced by them at all, then he starts to talk about how much money I've spent at the shop in the time I've been coming. \n\nWhat I got from this is, I haven't spent enough money, for my business to be important and I'm not allowed to have other shops working on MY car.... RIDICULOUS! \n\nThe fact that they messed up on my car and never gave me an oil change has no baring. My check engine light is on now, never before, cause only GOD knows how long I was driving with black oil before the light came on... What ended the conversation is, him saying I need a $100+ service, for him to find out if I need another $600 of work on my car... PRICELESS!! \n\nI spent 30 minutes of my time, not to mention the hour it took me to drive down there, in afternoon traffic. For him to check my oil and call me a liar???  I've been going to this place for years, it was a great place when I first started going there.  \n\nIt's really went down the drain, people are rude they have no customer service skills and they act like, they're the only place you can go to to get your BMW serviced. But now that I don't go to them anymore, I found out how much CHEAPER OTHER shops , do HONESTLY GREAT WORK  and they have MUCH better customer service. This place isn't what it used to be, I will never go there again. When they ticked me off in 2014, I should've never came back... I WILL NEVER COME BACK AFTER THIS nor recommend them to ANYONE.\n\nP.S. \nAnother shop did the $4200 of work they said I need for LESS THAN HALF... LESS THAN... and charger me $0 to tell me that the $600 service IS NOT NEEDED!!! \nGo figure!!! SHOP AROUND PEOPLE... Don't waste your time & money here!!!!\nGERMAN AUTO SUCKS!!! RIPOFFS!