Met a friend for happy hour.  Didn't enjoy the $5 Mark West Pinot Noir, but really liked the housemade limoncello!  Romolo, a co-owner of Trattoria D'Amico, had me sample it, and after a couple of sips, I knew I'd order one for me and guessed correctly that my friend would want one, too.  Alessio, Romolo's brother-in-law, was friendly and patient as I asked a few questions regarding the bread and pastas- are they made in-house?  The bread is from a local bakery, and some of the pastas are homemade- gnocchi, ravioli, cannelloni, and lasagna.  I already placed an order of Bocconcini di filetto prior to friend's arrival, and this was delivered shortly before friend arrived.  I almost returned it after seeing how charred the pieces were, but the description did mention it being \"blackened Cajun-style.\"  Now, I've seen two different presentations of \"blackened-\" one is burnt\/charred, and the other is seasoned with so many spices that the entree takes on a darkened appearance.  Since Alessio had been so nice and open to all of my questions, I decided I'd give the charred pieces a try, and are we glad I did!  \"First bite is the best,\" an adage that certainly applied to the first piece I tried, but also the last piece.  The two pieces in between were a bit sinewy and less flavorful.  However, I wouldn't mind ordering this again.  \n\nIt was hard to leave TD for an appointment nearby, due to Alessio's and Romolo's attentiveness and the friendly demeanor of other guests- most seemed to be regulars- but we had to leave, but not before agreeing to come back for dinner!\n\nAppointment over, we found ourselves back at TD and sat at one of the dining rooms.  If you can, do try to get seated at the back, behind the wall of wine bottles.  Atmosphere is quieter here and very intimate.  I knew I wanted to try the Linguine Carbonara (pancetta, garlic, olive oil) from looking at the photos posted on TD's Yelp page.  I also thought the Ravioli D'anatra (stuffed with braised duck and ricotta, with sun-dried tomatoes, and tomato-cognac butter sauce) sounded exquisite, but Alessio preferred the Orecchiette Alla Boscaiola (Italian sausage, broccoli, minus mushrooms, white wine sauce), which also sounded divine.  I chose the linguine and friend ordered the ravioli, which made me happy because I wanted to try a housemade pasta dish!    Entrees come with your choice of a side salad, or a cup of pasta e fagioli.  Oh, how I miss ordering this type of soup!  I've enjoyed them immensely before I'd developed allergies to carrot and celery, so soups are pretty much off-limits to me now, but I didn't have to wallow in self-pity very long, because the salad was full of fresh greens, amazingly plump and sweet tomato slices (bomb!), with a terrific Italian vinaigrette.  Darn!  I meant to ask if I could purchase a bottle of it to take home... One more reason to return.  The linguine carbonara was the first to arrive, cooked table-side in a cheese wheel put to flame!  Romolo himself did the cooking, and it was a sight to behold.  I'd asked how many times is a cheese wheel used, and he said that he'd opened this particular wheel two weeks ago, and wheels can be used one to two months until it splits apart.  What a disappointment then to discover this gorgeous dish- you can imagine our mouths salivating as we watched it being prepared- was too salty!  I knew it was too salty for me to enjoy at first bite, but I thought I'd give it another try after tasting the ravioli.  Oh, the ravioli was perfectly salted, the pasta was impeccably al dente and homemade (!), and the tomato-cognac butter sauce was delightful!  When I went back to the linguine, it was even saltier than the first try, so I gave up.  Friend tried a second forkful and agreed it was very salty, but that it's most likely from it being cooked in the cheese wheel.  I was going to try my fourth small forkful when server Luigi came by and asked how everything was.  \"The entree was so salty,\" I just had to say something, and after expressing surprise, Luigi quickly offered to take the dish away and give me a chance to choose another entree, and the orecchiette it was.  Luigi (Luis is his real name) showed his great sense of humor by confirming my special request of \"no mushrooms\" with \"OK, extra mushrooms!  I repeated with a \"no, no mushrooms,\" to which he laughed and said he understood, because he didn't like mushrooms himself.  Oh, but I do love them, just can't have them anymore.  He would later return to say the chef would like to know if I wanted shiitake or button mushrooms...  Too funny.  Very pretty entree- plump ear-shaped pasta, nice chunks of crushed Italian sausage, with a whole one just in case you needed more of the spicy meat, and luscious, verdant broccoli.  \n\nWe were too full to try the housemade tiramisu and cannoli, so that will be another reason to return, and soon!  I could easily see myself taking friends and family here for holiday meals and happy hour get-togethers.