It pains me to write this review, I have been coming to Cherry Lash Lounge since it was located in that awkward office complex that shared space with accountants and other random businesses. Where you had to get buzzed back through a narrow hallway and into a tiny room that was crammed with reclining chairs. This was approximately 4 years ago and when I found them and I thought what a great thing the owner was doing with lashes, she was paving the way for lash businesses everywhere and I was happy to leave my old lash lady who was consistently disappointing me. \n\nNow to give you some idea I have been getting my lashes done since my daughter was first born, so for 7.5 years, the bulk of those years with Cherry. I have been getting fills every 2-3 weeks religiously, I have NEVER GONE WITHOUT lashes these past 7.5 years. The reason I am explaining my lash history on yelp is because I want others to know this review is coming from someone who knows what they are talking about and not some first timer blasting this company.\n\nCherry is great company in general, they really train their staff well, they seem to elevate the women that work for them and they do genuinely care about their clients but just like any fast growing company they can make moves that may irritate some clients which is what happened to me. If you choose Cherry I am sure you will be happy and this review is here to help ladies be prepared.\n\nAwhile back they came out with Featherized lashes, touting them as these amazing lashes that will make you fuller and you won't need fills as often. I guess they tell people that to justify the crazy price jump from their classic to featherized. After patiently experimenting with these lashes I didn't understand what the hype was about, I wasn't as full as I saw on their advertised photos and I tried them out numerous times in numerous ways with my dedicated lash artist. Every time it came for a fill I hated the way my lashes looked, this never happened in the years prior with the classics. Featherized is so wispy that when you start losing lashes you can really notice, especially if your use to a dark lash look from the classics. So after a bunch of trial and error and many dollars later, I realized the featherized wasn't for me. Oh and don't believe the hype that they last longer than classic, you still need to come every two weeks if you expect to be full. If you can swing 99-149 every two weeks then go ahead. \n\nWhy I am reviewing them so poor is because what became of my Cherry experience after this featherized episode. When you put such a price increase on your \"new and improved lashes\" you spoil your lash artists, instead of them making what they use to make they now make more if you choose featherized. This I feel has affected my experience at Cherry, my particular lash lady works slower now and does not get me as full as she use to which forces me to spend more money. Either I have to come sooner than 2 weeks or I need to do a fill plus every two weeks. When your lash artist is working slower so they force you to spend more money to stay happy well folks thats some bullshit. I use to be ECSTATIC leaving Cherry after my two week fill because my lash artist would keep me looking like a CLEO for years. Now she works so slow and for the past year she doesn't get me even close to how full she use to. This is disappointing to a faithful client who for years has been only seeing the same artist and always leaving a 20 dollar tip. Even though my artist has been disappointing me for about a year now with these half ass fills I have STILL been faithful to her and Cherry, trying to tell myself that I don't need to switch if she just could understand I am not happy. I have mentioned this over the past year that things don't look the same but there was no real concern for my happiness.\n\nBut yesterday was the icing on the cake, I booked a fill plus since I couldn't get in on time because of being very sick from morning sickness and allergies. Well for those of you that don't know a fill plus is 90 minutes, I arrived early but my lash artist was 15 minutes late, I went back to the chair at 2:45 pm and with her talking and getting set up it was another good 10 minutes till we started. Then what seemed to be early to me, she started drying my lashes, I asked her what time it was and guess what, she was done with my appt 10 min early! So I paid for 90 minutes but got 65 minutes. 2:45 done at 3:50.  $99 plus a 20 tip and I thought to myself, wow I have had enough. \n\nI could honestly write more and it sucks to leave a bad review on someone\/place you have spent so much time with and really gotten to know but at the end of the day you provide a service and should be concerned if your client is happy, always asking if there is anything that could be better or different. If you show no concern for your clients happiness then why should they stay? Plenty of other places in town to try.