Sleepless night from around 4am on!  Our poor old man, 19 year old cat, Tigga cried due to an 'abscess' on his foot that was bleeding.  A month ago he was treated with a twelve day antibiotic, but it had not healed and we ran out.  Being the age of our Tiggy, the kennel is enough stress for him so to put him through cancer testing, etc would possibly kill him.  We'd like him to live his last few years, I hope, in peace and harmony.\n\nMy groomer recommended this place.  The first visit is $20 so I called them and the receptionist was super nice and asked all the right questions such as what was Tigga's old vets number so they could get his medical records.  We scheduled the appointment for 3:40, but they called back within the hour and said there was a cancellation and could see him earlier.  Perfect.\n\nPretty far from us and on a busy road, S. Durango.  Once we arrived, they're was a place for the heavy kennel, mouse toys for cats, very clean and large hospital.  The receptionists were super nice and immediately walked us to the exam room with two pages of paperwork to fill out.  I cannot express how friendly and accommodating they were.  \n\nAs we waited in the room, there were pieces of valuable literature about cats such as if your cat gets stung by a bee, put baking soda on it, life span of your cat in human years, an internal diagram of cats and a healthy weight chart.  \n\nThe nurse and vet thoroughly explained everything to us.  They understood that we didn't want to put Tig through any pain, especially after the vet said he had a weak heart when she listened to it.  It brought me to tears cause she said his days are numbered.  \n\nObviously, I've had him since I was a teenager.  Tough to come to terms with, but he's still going strong.  If it wasn't for this darn whatever on his foot, he wouldn't even have a limp.  Good news knowing it isn't infected and we got more antibiotics to help with the pain.  Total bill was $103.  We'd pay anything to keep him alive, if it was all painless for him.  \n\nHugs to you and your animals tonight!