Yeesh, I feel kinda bad about being one of the few to rate this spot below its average but based on our first experience ordering in from them it's an experience that deserves telling. \n\nIn our house, we have a fairly standard rotation of ordering In option. It's either Thai, Indian or Pizza, with very little deviation as these are the options that play best to a household with a vegetarian and an eats-everything-a-tarian.\n\nSouth Etobicoke is no stranger to Thai food either, there has to be at least 10 decent options BUT DGVTC (there's no way I'm writing that name 4-5 times in a review) really fell flat for me at least. It was ordered via Foodora and that was a great experience, the food arrived hot and within 25 minutes based on our proximity to the restaurant. So full points there to whoever deserves them.\n\nMy issue simply was with the food. It was half-assed, lazy Thai food. That might sound harsh but it is what it is. I have a theory that when it comes to Viet-Thai food, while the countries are close in proximity and there are similarities to their dishes, restaurants should choose one or the other and excel at it. \n\nDGVTC (see what I'm saying) offers traditional Thai (even the famous Massaman curry - dubbed the kind of curries as I've read) cuisine and then also has Phõ? I decided to keep it simple and we ordered a mango salad, a vegetarian Pad thai and a Street Style Pad Thai with extra shrimp and made Thai-Spicy.\n\nThe mango salad was as it was supposed to be, a mostly green near perfectly ripe julienne mango salad with some other vegetables for colour. Where the lost me was on the Pad Thai. This is likely one of the most popular and most ordered Thai dishes and so it makes a great barometer for comparison - kinda like a burger but in Thai food!\n\nThe shrimp were a good size and ordering extra was a good idea, but the dish was pretty bad. The noodles barely had any sauce on them or coating of any kind so even on a 5 minute travel time they were congealed in a mass of singular noodle upon opening. There was very little taste with the supposedly 'more flavourful' street style version of the dish. In addition, I enjoy spice and typically when I order something Thai-spicy it means that they use additional Thai chilli peppers in the mix. DGVTC gave me an unmixed dish with a literal pile of crushed chilli flakes poured in the corner. What's worse is my fiancee who does not do well with spice received the exact same 'pile' in her corner. So not only did I not get the flavouring or cooking I requested but they almost ruined her dinner by tossing an abundance of chilli flakes on\/in it.\n\nThis is why I call it lazy Thai food. It doesn't take much effort to ensure you properly season\/sauce a dish like this, incorporate the requested changes into the cooking of the dish AND not just tossing the contents of a crushed chilli pepper packet onto not one but both dishes - what if my fiancee had an adverse reaction to spice?\n\nWith so many other options in the Longbranch-Etobicoke area, I think we'll move on and save DGVTC for emergencies only...\n\nEatcrest Out