Well, this is the third motel I've stayed in in 4 nights and the first one that I had no problems with--clean room i stayed in for two nights, friendly helpful clerks and convenient location.  It didn't smell like smoke either!  I had a handicapped room both nights and liked the nice big bathroom!  Yay! \n\nDec. 2016--Because I liked this Motel in 2009 I have utilized it every trip to Mesa since then. I was able to stay with my daughter before she started popping out babies but once she had two children she no longer had a spare room I could stay in so I was looking for a cheap alternative for long-term stays and this place fit the bill fine.  Their weekly rate was very reasonable so every time I came here I stayed for several weeks and sometimes even months. Unfortunately the rate goes up in the spring when motels fill up fast due to the Chicago Cubs Spring training etc. I think that if they have a long-term customer who has been paying a lower rate they should keep the price the same. \n\nI ended up staying here for several months from July 2013 through March 2014 when I bought a mobile home in a senior park to use when I came to town. Now it is after Christmas in 2016 and I helped my daughter drive back to Mesa from San Diego after her Christmas visit. The mobile home needs some repairs so I checked into Motel 6 again for the first time in about two-and-a-half years. During this time they have renovated. Some things I like about the renovation and some things I don't. I hate wood floors because I feel like your feet get dirtier on them. I just personally prefer carpet. The rooms seem more Spartan than they did. There is no table and chairs set this time like there was in the past. They were out of rooms with the refrigerator\/microwave so I didn't have that available for the small amount of food I brought with me and the eggnog I bought in a mini-mart for my coffee in the morning. The bed looks nice but did have several cigarette burns on the bedspread. I realize the customers are the ones that leave cigarette burns not the motel but it's still irritating to see them when I am in a non-smoking room.  The room smelled great-- no smoke smell.  \n\nThe TV is not very large compared to most of the places I have stayed since I was last here but it is up on the wall which makes more counter space at least. In the past I have always felt that this was a safe motel and most of the time I slept fine here although there was the occasional argument in another room or loud voices of people walking by. Over the years I have never had a bug problem other than the normal amount like we would get in your own home like the occasional spider crawling in or a fly or moth. \n\nHousekeeping has always been very accommodating and they have always been very nice about giving me a little extra time to move out when I've been here for a long time stay. This time, unfortunately, the room did not look like it was thoroughly clean. The floors and bed looked fine but it looked like someone had been in the room after the cleaning and used the toilet and a washcloth and the sink because they just didn't look like a maid had just finished cleaning them and leaving it clean. Maybe they allowed someone to come look at the room and that person used the toilet before they left or something. It wasn't bad but didn't feel 100% fresh. \n\nThe rate has also gone up. I think I paid about $30-$35 the first time I stayed here. This time it was $47 even with the senior discount.\n\n I do wish they had free Wi-Fi but I assume not including it is one way they try to keep the price down. On the other and, many of the places I have stayed over the years were just as cheap or cheaper yet still have Wi-Fi for their customers. In fact I think this is the only place I have ever stayed that charges for it. I don't care if they give me shampoo conditioner lotion, Etc. I bring my own or can easily buy some at the local Dollar Store. Most of the places that provide all those little sample sizes charge considerably more and I would rather pay less and bring my own.\n\nI have always found the staff to be pleasant and helpful. Coffee is only available until 10 a.m. . I think it should be available later or as an all-day amenity. Again, many of the places I have stayed that were just as cheap or cheaper have had the coffee pot going all day long which is nice for a late starter like myself.