You just won some cash in Caesar's?  First, take it and run.  As you pass all the shops in the Forum Mall, keep moving -- you don't need an Armani suit or a Breitling or whatever boxing memorabilia Mike Tyson is presently autographing in Field Of Dreams (plus, you don't give cash to rapists).  \n\nKeep moving past a variety of pretty good restaurants, and just before you reach the doors leading out to The Strip, head down the curved escalator  In the basement of the Forum, you'll find Joe's.\n\nI try to make a stop at Joe's during every Vegas trip, big winning or no.  Often times it's my last stop out of town.\n\nA plate of Stone Crab here, naturally, is a wonderful thing.  I like to start of with 6 of the Select ones.  They come with a dijon mustard sauce, which is great, but drawn butter is available.  \n\nI like to follow up the crab with a steak, usually a filet, medium rare.  While I recommend going during lunch for a guaranteed, immediate seat, I don't recommend the petite steaks served as lunch specials; get one of the thick, real cuts from the dinner menu.  I once shared an amazing porterhouse done black & blue style (blackened and pepper crusted on the outside, so rare almost blue on the inside). \n\nCrab and steak, that's enough to make me happy, but it's easy to get distracted by the sides here.  They're a la carte, and they can be addictively delicious, like the grilled tomatoes topped with spinach and cheese and the baked mashed potatoes.    \n\nThere's a variety of wine-by-the-glass available.  On my last visit, I had an excellent glass of Frog's Leap Merlot, which was soon followed by another.\n\nBoth the table and bar staff are attentive, extremely knowledgeable, and dressed impeccably.\n\nThere are at least 3 dining areas here -- \"outside\" in the mall, by the bar, and inside in the back.  But for lunch of solo dining, the bar is an excellent option.  \n\nAfter the full Joe's experience, you may find yourself with much less of your gambling winnings, but the happiness and satisfaction that comes from an excellent meal beats the futility of returning winnings to a casino or gifting them to a former athlete.