The Skinny: hit or miss items but in the end satisfying (3) Service: was okay when we went in a small group but was terrible in a very large group... see rating below, Value: it's pretty expensive for what it is - $45ish for food without dessert or beverages (2).\n\nWe came here before when we had a 2 for 1 coupon and more recently for a large meeting.\n\nThe food here lacks consistency. Of the highlights: the top sirloin, the bananas and some portions of the salad bar. The top sirloin was well seasoned and tender. The bananas were nicely cooked and flavoured well with cinnamon and sugar. The mashed potatoes were good but not really exciting. The ample selection veggies at the salad bar were well-prepared - the sweet and sour beets were particularly lovely.\n\nDespite these good selections, there are some clear missteps. The clearest examples include their lobster bisque, potatoes au gratin, sushi, and leg of lamb. The lobster bisque didn't taste like lobster at all and sported an unpleasant, unexplainable sourness. Potatoes au gratin should have been more appropriately been labelled \"potatoes swimming in watery maroon Velveeta\". Yeah... it was that bad. The leg of lamb was overcooked, dry and tough. Finally, the sushi. Why is there sushi at a Brazilian steakhouse? Based on hard-as-rock mediocre maki, I have no idea.\n\nIn a place like Vegas, it can't stand up to the better buffet places on the Strip (Bellagio\/Wynn) in terms of quality and value. \n\nFinally the service. We had fair service the previous visit when we went with only 2 people. Probably would have rated a 3.\n\nHowever, at the meeting, they tried to squeeze 80 people into 4 long tables. As you can imagine, getting to the salad bar with that many people at the same time was a major clusterf@#k. It was impossible to get any beverage refills at all. Then, the passadores (the dudes who bring meat to the table) came by with limited selections of meat. Due to limited space issues, the meat jus splattered on the table like a bad horror movie. The service in this setting would rate a 1.5.