Well I was so relieved that I was finally about to get my wisdom tooth out. My mom recommended that I go here because they had done excellent work for her in late August when she went. So she scheduled me an appt and said all I needed to do was show up the next day at 4 pm. I'm glad I called for myself because if I hadn't I wouldn't have known what to expect. I called and spoke to the same receptionist three times, twice the day before my appt to make sure I was scheduled and they knew that I was pregnant and said they could still preform the procedure of removing my hurting wisdom tooth. I called the next day to ask if I could take my medicine two hours before my appt even though they told me not to drink or eat anything 6 hours before. The same receptionist told me it was ok to take my medicine and they'd see me at 4. Feeling weak from not eating and my stomach and head hurting by then, my husband drove me to my appt because I had to have someone with me. I got there and the same receptionist (I wish I knew her name, but can only describe her, thin Hispanic girl with a nose stud) that I had been speaking to on the phone said she called me an hour ago and told me that she left two voicemails saying they couldn't see me because they didn't take Medicaid. I told her I don't have Medicaid. I checked my phone to see if she had called and she did call, but she had called at 3:34 and then at 3:36, it was 3:57 when we got there, so she hadn't called me an hour ago. my husband and I were already on our way there using my GPS system on my phone so we didn't hear my phone ringing. She needs to get her time accurate. She said sorry and thought I was on Medicaid then asked me if I was still getting two wisdom teeth pulled. I told her I never told her that nor did my mom. She said \"oh, what did you tell me?\". I said I'm getting my left bottom wisdom tooth pulled, that's what I told you. She said ok, sit down and fill out these papers, we're running behind schedule so it'll be another two hours before dr. rolle can see you. I was so fed up by then, I was starving and my head and stomach were hurting from 10 hours of not eating and 3 months pregnant. She called me back up to the counter and said they couldn't do my procedure because they didn't get a referral from my dentist. I said why didn't you tell me this the three times I talked to you on the phone?? She said \"wait, I think we can still do it, just have a seat\". So 6:00 rolls around and the nurse calls me back and I'm so relieved that I'm finally about to get this tooth taken out, but the nurse says they got a notice from my obgyn saying they can't do any wisdom teeth pulling or xrays because I'm pregnant for at least another 3 weeks. I was so ticked off. As I was walking out I saw the receptionist, the one that was giving me a hard time and doctor Rolle kissing in the hallway. I could hear them swapping spit as well like they hadn't seen each other in a long time. I was like WTF did I just see??? I read on his bio that he's married with one daughter and that receptionist is not his wife. I'm like get me the heck out of this place, but the nurse says Dr. Rolle wants to speak with you right quick please have a seat and he'll be right with you. I couldn't take anything he said seriously because of what I had seen. He was nice (nicer than the nurse and his jump off receptionist), but I will not be going back to that place. I hope both of them know that they are wrong for what they're doing. I hope his wife finds out and beats the crap out of that slut and leaves him. She was so unprofessional and a straight up rude b****. In 3 weeks when I'm finally able to get my tooth out I will not be going there.