this dealership is owned by the same people who own lexus of las vegas. I was in here about 2 weeks ago was ready to pull the trigger but unfortunately we could not get to the right numbers.My review will cover three points. 1.sales manager was a bit annoying .they tried the classic good cop bad cop on me with the sales guy going in and sweating me for extra time while he \"sat to discuss\" my requests with management.Come on guys ive been to the dance before.Either you can or cant make it happen.Dont make a client sit in the hot box for 10 minutes while you recalculate a simple correction of dollars and cents. 2.Sometimes you just cant make the deal work.Thats the way it is its not personal.If i say the numbers are not right DONT press me or try and \"handle me\" save that for the idiots who come in. 3.The day after i told you I was going to think it over i received aggressive follow up from sales in the form of 2 phone calls but what really annoyed me was the texts that I was sent.Went some thing like this. sales: mike we gonna do this or what? Mike: not at those numbers. sales: I dont have a crystal ball mike where do we need to be? Mike: (really..haha) You dont need a crystal ball or sarcasm ,just a hearing aid i already told you what i needed yesterday ,about 100 times. Sales: mike,why are you doing this to me? Mike: (is this guy for real?) Sorry we couldn't get to the numbers ,ty for your time. This conversation illustrates why I bought my car at lexus of las vegas. As a side note,before I even started to negotiate with them I sat down with this person ,he represented himself as a manager,he was not. I explained to him in no uncertain terms that i was not to be handled like a greenhorn. I informed him that I was interested in buying a vehicle which I was already familiar with. I would not require a soft sell or a hard sell.Just to present me the numbers and I would evaluate them.If it was where I wanted them to be we would have a deal,if not we would not. Note to sales work on your skills. Sometimes its better to let a client walk then annoy or harass them. Your  not selling quantity your selling quality and you are likely to run into a much more sophisticated buyer. In this case your dealership lost the business because you didnt know when to back off.