So I am driving home from work today and had a rumbly in my tumbly...no grub at home, too lazy to make something, didn't feel like revisiting the usual suspects, Rotten Ronnies, BK etc.  I just happened to be on Country Hills Blvd when I was struck by the Mucho Burrito sign in the surrounding plaza by Silver City.  Thanks to my fellow Yelpers and their reviews of this place, it was something I had to try.\n\nLet me just say that you will NEVER set foot in Taco Hell or Toilet Time ever again after horking down one of these burritos.  At first it does seem a bit pricey for $7 for a small burrito (for me) and $8 for a medium (for hubby) but it is worth every penny and they are actually HUGE when they are finished with it, the small was even too big!  You know the food is good when nothing is measured beforehand (think Subway and the stupid little trays of meats they have pre-measured so they don't accidentally give you an extra slice of meat) all the stuffings are piled on, so much so, that it looked like the burrito was going to explode!  There are several sauces to choose from as well, ranging from mild to ass on fire hot and believe me, when I say ass on fire, I mean ASS ON FIRE, no messing around...and for the ambitious ones who don't think it will be hot enough, there is even a fresh jalapeño topping, WITH SEEDS.  Perhaps these individuals would like to be reacquainted with the toilet for a few hours, no? (I only say that because the man is one of these individuals and it was really hot, even for him)\n\nThe staff are super helpful and noticed that since it was my first time there, I was a bit overwhelmed by all the delish offerings they have;  quesadillas, tacos, burritos, soups, nachos, salads, and more! The young lady at the counter was very pleasant and helped me through my first burrito purchase and gave me some recommendations, and it was close to closing time and she did not seem aggravated that I came in, in fact, she went to the back and got me some more fresh steak for hubby's burrito when she could have easily said they were out.\n\nOverall, this will probably be the best Mexican fast food you will ever inhale in Calgary, so do give it a try.  You should however, take it home and eat it privately, it is really a mess but oh, so delicious!\n\nMy actual rating btw is 4.5, would have got a five if they didn't charge extra for the guacamole.