This is a pretentious little restaurant in a Paradise Valley strip mall.\nOur sales team went here on a weeknight.  We were a party of 10, seated promptly, at 6:30 last Thursday with great attention by everyone but the wait person and manager.  If we were in a cafeteria it would have been fine.  The girl waiting on us had an attitude that needed to be checked at the door.  \n\n1.The menu and food is incredible and has a twist to it.  Everything served is a bit different than what you would usually see.   This girl waiting on us could not be bothered to say hello to the entire group and tell us about their menu.  She should wait tables at Dennys.  The person in charge of our group asked her in front of everyone, \"Can you tell us a bit about your menu?\"   Reply, \"What do you want to know?\"\n2. Another work mate is a vegetarian, she asked, \"Is it possible for your chef to serve me a vegetarian plate?  Or is there anything on the menu you would recommend\" waitress points-\"there is a salad you can order\".\n3. One of our executives asks for another bottle of wine we had-it turns out they were out of the wine, so she returns with a pile of paper and gives to our boss.  After flipping through 20 pages he realized most were duplicates.  Another 10 minutes go by, she returns with the help of her colleagues who have to track her down for us.  We give her the duplicate pages and she shrugs her shoulders like an adolescent.\n4. To top the night off it took another wait of about 10-20 minutes for her to return to take any coffee orders or desert.  The other staff had to go poke her again to tell her she had and entire table sitting with empty wine glasses and cleared plates.  Absolutely ridiculous.\n\nWe were a very laid back group; a big group just wanting to have a nice night.  This girl waiting on his knew she was going to add 18% to our check and did not want to put any kind of effort in to earn her tip. She just did not care.  Her colleagues made it work.  Who knows if there was a manager on that night?  That is kinda sad too.  We were there early enough that no one should ever be subjected to an experience like this.\n\nI will say the food was absolutely incredible.  I had the Carbonara and it was just to die for.  But if I was on a date night with my husband or out with a group of my friends I would be completely bummed.  I most likely would have gotten up and left.  Or would have asked to talk the owner.  Our bosses, boss ended the night by looking at all of us an agreeing that this waitress was something else, to put it nicely.  We told the resort we were staying at about the horrible experience and I know none of us will ever go back....but I doubt Noca cares.