They are great at talking now to you face to face and setting things up for delivery if it's in stock, however if they have to order an item, worst follow up, worst customer service, they just don't care.\n\nAll the sales people work on commission so once the sale is done they no longer care about you, it's not their problem.\n\n\nWe bought 4 items, a desk, a dresser, a serving hutch and a chair.  The chair was the only item that had to be ordered because they did not have it in the store.  I was told it would be in on Tuesday and they would call...NO CALLS.\n\nI called and talked to a guy who answered and said my salesman would be arriving to work in about 30 minutes and they would have him follow up and call me....NO call.\n\nI then called a on Wednesday and talked to the store manager who said he would check with the warehouse and get back to me and yes that is correct, NO CALL.\n\nNow almost two weeks from the day I orders this chair I call and the salesman was really nice and clearly said, we are busy and we work on commission so if I stop to look into this its taking my time away from a sale.\n\nI did explain that I understand that none of this was his fault as he had nothing to do with this from the start through today when he picked up the phone so to not take anything I say personally as it is not directed towards him, I just needed to know if the chair is there or If I need to come in get\nMy money back and go somewhere else to buy the chair.  I told him I talked to the manager and everything I had dealt with and he said let me see what's going on.  I gave him the invoice number he looked it up and said it shows two in the warehouse, that my salesman was with a customer right now but he will have him call me back.  We will see.  As of now though, it's hard to recommend this store as a place to go because it's all commission driven and you are nothing more then the next sale and forgotten.  \n\nEven the store managers could care less about you once the sale is done.  They run things like a timeshare sale.  When you buy a manger comes over to say thank you and them they kick you to the curb....next...