Came here for the first time recently. I had asked around before coming but no one I knew had gone so I came with no expectations for the place! \n\nAMBIENCE B+\nOn the scale of looking hip and trying too hard Station sits squarely in the middle. Why? Because if your seat happens to be facing outwardly from the restaurant interior, you'll be fine. Hip lighting. Hip Windows. Hip tables. If you are facing the interior you'll get an eyeful of other random things that someone thought of. Meh. It felt very sterile for how cookie cutter hip it was. Like someone googled 'how to be a hip restaurant' and then did some Pinterest crafts.\n\nSERVICE A\nI don't actually remember the service much, but I think that's a good sign. Which means nothing went wrong, I had no complaints, and the matching aprons they all had were not too distracting! \n\nDRINKS A-\nThey were strong. For sure. I got the Son of a Witch which was good enough but felt a little overwrought. It was trying to be new but just tasted like a sweeter boulevardier. Actually now that I think about it I'm pretty sure it inspired me to make boulevardiers the following weekend.\n\nAPPETIZER A-\nWe got the corned beef tongue and chicken liver mousse. Can't mess up chicken liver mousse, so that was lovely. Corned beef tongue was such a huge portion and such a dense amount of flavor I ate maybe half of a toast piece before giving up. It's supposed to be a small plate! \n\nMAIN COURSE B+\nI struggle with describing my main course. I ordered the Bavette steak medium rare and it definitely came out medium rare. The meat was cooked to perfection. The texture was perfect. Someone knows how to grill! But that's where they should have stopped. Instead it had two different sauce mixtures on it, plus quite a bit of salt. So much so I couldn't actually taste the meat anymore. It was such a weird sensation. My mouth knowing it's a perfectly cooked piece of meat from the texture but feeling like I'm eating pieces of salty garlic aioli. Step back from the sauce squeezer.\n\nDESSERT\nDid not have dessert since my friend can't have corn and I'm allergic to lavender. And those were the only two options. I was also way too full by that point to have dessert. Those appetizers were the size of what I normally have for dinner.\n\nA friend asked me how it went and all I could say was eh. I genuinely do not know if I enjoyed it or not, which is a weird thing to feel after three hours and a hundred dollars.