808 Sushi is a skilled fisherman with a Hawiian Dad and Japanese Mom, but seems to be confused about who he really is. \n\nThis fisherman clearly has some Japanese blood in him because he offers one of the freshest fish in Vegas, comparable to Naked Fish. While he may have one of the best eel sauce, he is still an apprentice. Offering a very limited selection of apps and rolls that fail to impress me. \n\nTheir house roll, 808 special was just okay. If they're own house special roll fails to impress me I don't think the other rolls will impress me. I also took half a dragon roll since it was my last order, no complaints here, but nothing special either. Maybe I'm just being a sushi elitist.\n\nI was given the shrimp heads from my sweet shrimp that was lightly fried. It could have been much better if it was fried more throughly through so I can actually eat the entire head in 1 bite, instead of just sucking the inside. Places like Lotus of Siam and even Brian's Beach Sushi get this, but not Ichiza or this 808 Sushi. \n\nThe ahi poke, I just couldn't bare myself to finish it. Just something about the flavors made me not want to finish it and I hate wasting seafood.\n\nThe hamachi kama, yellowtail collar, was grilled to a crisp. It just wasn't grilled right because all I could taste is burnt flavor. To be fair, grilling seafood properly is really difficult to get it just right, sadly they fail to do this properly. Hikari got this right.\n\nThe seared salmon sashimi was good, but I found it unnecessary to add the hot peppers on it. Salmon already is very flavorful on its own, no need to add additional spices that mask its natural flavor. \n\nThe gyoza came out hot, crispy, and tasty, but request it as pan fried instead. This will help preserve more of the flavor that get lost when you fry food.\n\nThe uni had the good creamy texture, but the dark yellow color tells you the grade of uni isn't that great. But hey, it tastes great and thats all that matter.\n\nThe banzai desert is apple pie filling wrapped up in a dough to form what resembles an egg roll. Its deep fried and then cut in half, served with vanilla ice cream, chocolate sauce, and whipped cream. Good, but a small problem with this. Combining something that is relatively hot like the apple pie filling and taking a bite of an ice cream is not a good combination. This may hurt your teeth a little because of the coldness of the ice cream and the hard and hotness of the apple roll. Its similar to filling a plastic bottle with hot water, pouring it out, then immediately pouring cold water over it. Try it for yourself and see what happens. This  temperature differential is not good for you. Letting the apple roll cool down will fix this problem.\n\nThe fisherman also has a Hawiian dad that takes over part of the menu. The dad's influence is great for those who don't like sushi, but those wanting more of the Japanese influence will be disappointed because there is no dynamite, screaming orgasm, soft shell crab, oysters, or toro on the all you can eat menu.\n\nThe sushi bar has an open kitchen, but there are also someissues with this. First, if you sit right next to the grill, you'll get some of the smoke from it. You also see the owner ordering his staff to make sure the order gets out. While I really admire his push to get out food, it just kind of kills the good vibe of eating at a sushi bar. I just got a bad vibe from the owner at the end of my meal, despite having a very good vibe of him at the beginning of the meal. How quickly things change. Otherwise, the front of the house are really attentive and really friendly.\n\n808 Sushi is another sushi restaurant, but I'm not really seeing the hype about this place. With some small improvements and additions, I can see this place being really special. Otherwise, its just the place you go for all you can eat sushi with a limited selection, and happen to have friends who don't like sushi. Spend a couple of more bucks and stick with Hikari or Sushimon for your all you can eat sushi needs.