Super fatty, ginormous, American breakfast feast platters. How can you go wrong? You're already at the city of Sin, just add gluttony to the list of vices.\n\nI've seen Hash House A Go Go on the FoodNetwork and have heard great things from friends, so I made it a point to check this place out, and of all days, the morning of my Las Vegas Marathon. I made sure I had enough protein, carbs, and starches in my system to keep me going for the long haul. Boy, did that plan come to fruition.\n\nMy family and I showed up around 10am and were seated shortly. We ended up getting the Sage Fried Chicken on top of the Spinach Scramble which also had Biscuits and Gravy. Somewhere in there were slabs of bacon and a whole bunch of country potatoes. zOMG! \n\nI loved how, although the fried chicken was so large, it was juicy and tender and not at all dried out. The eggs were kind of overwhelming, but I love eggs. The biscuits were a little dense and dry, but the fatty and gluttonous gravy helped solve that issue. Every part of that platter was enjoyable. Three adults split that one entree and we barely cleaned it off.\n\nService was somewhat slow, as our server was conveniently missing in action, while we saw all the other servers zipping by constantly. The line to get a table was pretty long by the time we left. One grip [hence the 4 stars and not 5], was the fact that there was a $2.50 splitting fee. In encouraging each person to perform their own personal episode of Man vs Food, they've enforced a fee on top of splitting the food.\n\nThe one way you can waive that splitting fee is by ordering a side: a side of fruit, some bacon, biscuits, or even, yes you guessed it, a bowl of country gravy. We chose that ;D\n\nEven the kids' meal sizes are large. Everything food related here is large! And tasty. \n\nI will likely make this place a tradition - really like the food and can't wait to try all the other tasty items.\n\nThere is a parking lot out front and it seemed large enough to satisfy the customer base here.