I went to this location a couple of weeks ago. This is how my visit went:\n\nI pulled in the drive thru a few minutes before 10:30am just in time for breakfast. \nI was the only person in the drive thru so I pulled right up to the menu\nI waited for someone to take my order at the speaker but no one said anything\nFinally an employee with an headset walked out of the back room of Mcdonalds\nI figured this was because the order speaker was broken or something\nBut no, the employee walked over and flipped the menu from breakfast to lunchtime\nI was thinking in my head .... whaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?\nKeep in mind, my car is right there, I'm obviously waiting to order.\nThen the employee turned around and walked back into McDonalds\nThen someone started taking my order over the speaker\nI ordered my breakfast items. which they informed me they were no longer serving. \nI was thinking in my mind \"do you not think I just saw you walk out and turn the menu, I mean my car was like 2 feet away from you\"\nAnyway, I was craving breakfast, so I let them know I wanted to cancel my order\nI was told the breakfast hours were over\nThen ... magically ... like a Christmas Miracle, they had breakfast for me.\n\nTruth is I was willing to leave McDonalds with out my breakfast food. I have a rule for myself. I never fight with people that make my food behind closed doors. Yea, maybe paranoid but sadly its a reality. So I was completely polite about canceling my order. I do believe they did the right thing by offering me these breakfast items. Where i find the problem is the simple lack of customer service. That conversation of them no longer serving breakfast was one we should have never had. Implying that my order was an inconvenience when clearly It shouldn't have been. \n\nSo then, i went back a few days later (because I'm the type that gives second chances) and they missed a few items that I had ordered. Meaning I ordered them, saw it on the drive thru order menu screen, paid for it and it wasn't in my bag when they gave me my order.\n\nYea, this is a long review, I would honestly be surprised if someone read down this far. Props to you if you have. But the whole reason behind it is that I am just super tired of getting terrible customer service and paying for food that I don't get. The reason this review is only 1 star is because I have given this place multiple visits and keep coming up with the same problem. Bad customer service.