Hey Vegas! Corporate coffee are for suits and individuals who settle for the mundane. Fortunately, The Cuppa has come along to help elevate this city's game and in the process, has shat all over the status quo.  A year after their grand opening, this place is... what do the kids say nowadays? OFF THE HOOK? Nah.. That's probably the 90's calling. Anyhow, keep reading.\n\nBeen here a few times, mainly on the weekends and I have to say, that if I could order everything on the menu, I would. Unfortunately, dietary restrictions preclude me from doing so, therefore, seek out other reviews on the expansive menu, which includes your traditional coffees and teas paired with baked delights and sandwiches. Instead, I want to concentrate on everything else that makes The Cuppa just right for this part of town; an area that has been parched for some time and in desperate need of a good watering hole.\n\nThe baristas here are probably the nicest people you'll meet. Helpful and unassuming, which is always refreshing, just like their iced lattes. Speaking of which, the freshness of their espresso really stands out. Too many places seem to drown out the espresso shots with milk. Not here. Perfect balance between the two, which leaves me smiling after every cold sip on a 110F summer day.\n\nIf you want to conduct some work here, realize that the elongated layout of the store with its high ceilings can cause a momentary cackle\/bellow from a nearby group to reverberate among the music being played overhead, so come packing with a set of headphones. The WiFi is password protected, so ask kindly and don't hog up the bandwidth by streaming HD video, BRO. \n\nThe parking situation is a bit sketchy to me, but if you steer clear of any curbside marked \"Resident,\" you should be fine if you intend on staying for more than an hour. Not entirely sure when The Gramercy will officially be bustling with business, but given the infancy and revival from the defunct Manhattan West project pre-great recession, it looks a ways off. \n\nOutside, in the courtyard, which might be considered the back entrance, you'll find ample seating that is amenable for social gatherings. Would be a perfect place to hang out during a Vegas autumn evening, while consuming hot drinks and snacks from The Cuppa, of course.\n\nFinally, the interior is immaculate. Love the subtle lighting and abundant seating. Overall, it's a clever design with two opposing entrances and the bar\/kitchen right in the middle. A bookshelf stock full of good reads and a few games as well. Restrooms are clean, with zero sh*t tickets left behind on the floor by obnoxious patrons. Bueno.\n\nThere aren't very many coffee shops in Vegas that have the ambiance provided by The Cuppa. If you're looking for that hip, LA coffeehouse vibe with Edison Lights and decorative wall art, minus the douchey pretentiousness found at LA coffeehouses, then consider The Cuppa home, but please, whatever you do, don't be a squatter.