I recently lost my voice. My vocal cords have temporarily exited the building, and because of this.. I wanted some hot tea to sooth the pain from the sandpaper I apparently swallowed in my sleep Friday night. The location had been previously decided, and only wonderful things were spoken about it, so off to Cartel we go.. \n\nThis joint is hidden. Had I been driving, I probably would have missed it. Also the parking situation is shit. My friend and I had to guide a 16 year old girl in her mothers boat of a vehicle, out of her parking space to avoid hitting the car that was illegally parked behind her, only to be honked and screamed at by (insert ASU douchebag here). idiots. We did get her spot though, which was directly in front of the entrance. Score. Upon entering, there are piles and piles of fliers and random magazines and also a box of what looked like dirty purses, staplers and shoes. I have no idea.. Anyway, there is radical art work and a sculpture hanging from the ceiling made of bicycle wheels, which was awesome and I want one! Plenty of unique reading material - I opted for the Best of The Onion, also lots of tables and couches full of the entire Indie population of Tempe. Most of these people happen to be Mac users, clearly shop at thrift stores, listen to the M. Ward station on Pandora and wear retro headbands, so I cant really complain. I too use a mac, love thrifting, love that station and have a sweet headband collection myself, so I don't mind this Hippie-esqe crowd. However, some people do.. If that's you, go to the corporate whore known as Starbucks instead. So basically I love the interior and the people that convent here. However, It was about 300° inside. It may have been cooler outside, and we all know how f-ing hot it is right now.. There was no way I was about to order a steaming hot tea while perspiring heavily. Annoyed, I get an iced \"Happiness Blend\" tea, which totally defeated the purpose of soothing my throat, but the tea was nice.. perfectly minty with a hint of daffodil. Everyone tried their hardest to have a sit down and enjoy the effects of caffeine and good company, but it was just way too hot in there, and so we were forced to leave. This situation needs to be handled immediately, otherwise there is no way I can hang out here unless its in January. That's really the only thing I have to complain about. I didn't try any of their coffees, but it smelled wonderful and the foam art that was being created was lovely.. I don't know why, but I just enjoy my beverage all the more when there is a foam heart floating on the top. Next time I'm at Eastside Records or Buffalo Exchange, I will walk over and get a coffee.. probably a Mocha and I'm actually looking forward to it too.