We stopped by Singh Farms this morning for what I believe was their first public Farmer's Market (just their own product). \n\nThey are open on Saturdays from 8 - 12 and are just east of the 101 (east) off Thomas Road. If you head east on Thomas, it will be the first driveway on your left. When you drive in, there are 2 ways to go. You can head left and park in the open space which is very near the log cabin that serves as the location for their little market. You can also head right and drive to the back of the property where they sell their compost. They've been there for 7 years and have been supplying restaurants around the valley (Royal Palms mentioned) in addition to selling compost. I understand they've been selling compost on Saturdays for quite some time.\n\nIt is absolutely amazing to me that I was born and raised here, have lived here for the past 6+ years full time and I had no idea anything was in this location. If you pay attention now when you're on the 101 passing Thomas, you'll see there is this little grove of trees just east of the freeway.\n\nThe produce looks great and I've heard others really love it (haven't tried yet) but what really stood out to me was what a great spot they have developed there. As far as what they had for sale today, they had a small selection of great looking produce, herbs, honey, seeds, salts and other items.\n\nDriving in, the property is covered with large trees. The atmosphere just seemed to be a bit different. Didn't feel like Arizona (the Phoenix metro area anyway). There was a ton of shade and the temperature seemed to drop a bit. In addition to having the farmer's market, they also invite you to tour the grounds. You could really tell a difference in the earth there - felt nice to walk on. Their compost is definitely getting put to good use. \n\nWalking around, you see the different types of produce planted in gardens sprinkled throughout the property. They also have a lot of neat structures that give the place a ton of character. Their main building in front is an open log cabin. The setup of their little market is very cool.  In addition, roaming the grounds, I saw a cool fireplace built upon a giant block of tree trunk, a little old style outhouse-like storage shack, very cool timber tables and a hangout spot that resembles a cantina\/bar.  They also have animals in different locations on the property such as chickens, peacocks, goats, dogs, wild mustangs, etc.\n\nMr. & Mrs. Singh & the rest of the folks there were super nice and helpful. The Mrs. also got a number of gardening tips from one of the folks there.\n\nAll in all, it's just got a great laid back vibe. It was a super fun place for us & the kids to visit. Almost felt like getting we'd gotten out of town though we'd maybe driven a mile or two.\n\nWill be very interesting to see what develops there as more folks are exposed to them!