I can't believe what just happened to us. The owner allowed herself to raise her voice at us, argue, constantly interrupt us and scream. But let me tell you what happened step by step. \nI contacted the owner through Yelp, cause I found them on Groupon. She asked us not buy Groupon and offered us a couple's massage for $70. When we got here we wanted to add one hour foot massage. She said she thinks it'll be too much and we should get 90 minutes combined massage. She charged us $55 for 90 minutes each. After the massage we realized there are two issues: \n\n1. For $55 we should have gotten 1 hour body and 1 hour foot massage (foot massage costs only $20). \n2. The massage lasted 75 min instead of promised 90.  \n\nWhen we addressed these issues, the owner, so called Nicole, started telling us there are two different services and 1 hour body and 1 hour foot doesn't equal 2 hours of massage. Obviously, simple math and logic doesn't apply here. But I feel she should have told us about it in the begging. Instead she tricked us into paying the same and getting less. When we started telling about not having full 90 minutes, she got really mad. She said her employees don't cut time. Well, what can I say? We walked in, it was 7:45. We talked, negotiated the price, that's when she tricked us with the price, then I went to the restroom. So the massage started at 8. It just couldn't started any time earlier because we didn't go straight to the massage room after we started walked into the salon. So, started at 8 and was finished and 9:15. 15 mins earlier! \n\nThe owner was screaming, saying that she'll check the cameras, she was acting like a low class woman on the market. THAT'S NOT THE WAY TO DEAL WITH YOUR CLIENTS! We didn't raise our voices at her! We politely explained what happened there. And she allowed herself to talk to us like that! After 20 mins of checking the cameras for the time, she said the camera shows we walked in at 7:45! Well, yeah, that's true, but it doesn't mean our massage started the same minute. And I was trying to explain it to her, but she wouldn't listen! She kept screaming and interrupting and I just didn't want to go down to her level! \n\nAnother very \"nice\" thing she did is mocking us. Before this whole mess we said we came to Las Vegas to get married the next day. And later on she screamed: \"What did you come to America for? To have troubles?\". She's Asian, she's got an accent and I can easily assume she's an immigrant herself. How low of her was to say such a thing, especially the day before our wedding! I wonder what did she come to America for?! To insult American customers? Well, shame on her! American customer service is probably the best in the world, though she provided the worst customer service imaginable. I can't stress enough how bad it is to be screamed at by the employee or owner of the salon! It doesn't matter who you are, but you don't scream at the client, especially because we didn't give her a reason!\n\nIn the end, we just decided to pay and leave this place ASAP. It was just disgusting to be there. Guess what, she refused to give us a receipt. We asked why and she just said \"because! No receipt!\". I think she's supposed to give a receipt, otherwise she doesn't report the profit to the IRS (we paid cash). \n\nA little note in the end. There was a gentleman together with her. An American. Even though we didn't agree about those issues, he never allowed himself to scream at us, interrupt or mock. He was just sitting calmly and trying to explain his point of view. But so called Asian Nicole was acting very unprofessional. I'm so disgusted and shocked! I'm willing to explain in more details to anyone who's really interested in what happened there! I just want the people to know how disgustingly she acted!!!