My fella and I had a 6-month contract here, which just ended in December 2014. \n\nIt was a one-bedroom flat, and the rent was much lower than other places we had seen. They were also very lenient when it came to the credit check. I didn't have the greatest credit, and my husband didn't have any, yet we were still able to get a contract without any trouble.\n\nSome other perks include a dishwasher in the unit, laundry on site, your own designated parking space in the covered car park, and friendly staff on premise. They continually strive to maintain the landscaping, which was always appreciated. I never used the hot tub or swimming pools, but it was still nice to have them there. As mentioned, the staff is very helpful and understanding. There was one month that we had forgotten to pay our rent on time, and we received notification a few days later that a late fee had been tacked onto our monthly payment. After stopping by the office and insisting that it was an honest mistake and offering to pay it right then and there, they were very forgiving and waived the fee altogether.\n\nI really don't have too much negativity to report -- except for the cockroaches. \n\nYes - cockroaches. We only saw them every now and then at first, mostly in the kitchen [yuck!] and bathroom. But after a few more cooking sessions, we noticed them actually crawl out from behind, underneath, and WITHIN the stove. Once we got the oven going, tiny baby roaches would crawl out from behind the temperature dial, just in time to curl up and die next to the boiling pot of pasta. The bigger ones would crawl up the wall from behind the stove, and continue to scurry all around the countertops until we caught them. HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE experiences!!\n\nWe had to call the main office on a weekly basis to request extermination services. They were faithful in following through [Thursdays only], but that spray did jack shit to get rid of them. It was obviously not a legitimate exterminator; just a random Mexican with a spray tank concoction full of WD-40.\n\nThe last complaint is that our air conditioning stopped working over the last week of our contract. We were absolutely dying of the heat whilst packing and cleaning, and I'd called them three times to get it fixed, but nobody showed up. I suspect that they just didn't give a damn since we were due to move out soon anyway, so they just didn't bother. I find this very unprofessional and cruel.\n\nSo! Aside from the cockroaches and lack of help during the last week of our stay, altogether Colter Parks is a 3-star A-OK.