All Hail Fat City! This place combines 2 of my favorite things - live authentic jazz music and BOMB ASS seafood eats. Also, Absinthe, served traditionally! You can now fulfill your fantasies of feeling\/living like Toulouse Lautrec! \n\nSeriously, their absinthe shtick is awesome, your liquor is a double shot (Or possibly more, lets just say I got right messed up from my one glass) topped with a gleaming slotted spoon, your sugar cube sitting on the spoon, also gleaming, and a large Absinthe Fountain, once again, gleaming. Within the fountain, ice water, so cold that condensation droplets drip sensually down the basin. A figurine of what looks like a nude woman holds said fountain and it's generally a very sexy experience to be drinking absinthe here (i.e. I felt very sexy). The whole ritual gets stares from other patrons in the restaurant who are unfamiliar with this legendary drink SO DRINK UP THE ATTENTION EXTROVERTS.  They were out of the Pernod so I went for their most priciest at 19 dollars a glass (Mostly worth it). It was smooth, anisey and strong as all hell, you will need a proper set of cojones to drink this one AND enjoy it. I have a  robust set of ovaries, so it went well for me as far as cajones go.\n\nEarlier in the night I had their French 75 cocktail - Gin, lemon and champagne and it was like NECTAR - I could see myself drinking litres of the French 75, went down 5 times easier than the absinthe.\n\nThe FOOD - We started off with BC Oysters, I love me a good oyster and these fit the bill - sweet with a touch of that salty seawater swishing about in the shell. Served on ice with some weird lemon sauce (meh no) and cocktail sauce (mmhmm yes) on the side. They were a touch gritty, so their shucker needs to watch himself cause gritty oysters give me sad times.\n\nThen I got a shrimp po'boy and O BOY WAS THAT A GREAT PO'BOY. A fresh pillowoey bun, with a fantastic slaw on the bottom with just the right amount of crunchy tartness to complement the shrimp. And THE SHRIMP, GOOD GOD THE SHRIMP - they're fried in this hefty cornmeal batter so the crunch is out of this world, and despite the deep fried cornmeal, it didn't feel greasy or gross heavy.\n\nThe VIBE - Truly one of the best energies I've felt in a bar in a long time. Of course, Fat City is riding on the first few months of opening and great reviews and write ups pouring out about it, so there's excitement in the air, and flocks of beautiful patrons packed to the back. And let me just underline how BEAUTIFUL everyone was at Fat City; our server, A statuesque brunette beauty, the hostess, a glowing petite blonde and patrons looking like they walked off a damn runway. I've been told I'm cute so OBVIOUSLY I felt at home amongst all the aesthetic A-Games. But the energy is pretty vibrant and warm.\n\nThe Music - BIG UPS to the Patrick Tevlins New Orleans Rhythm. The lead singer was belting out some real bayou shit and I was LIVING FOR IT. Lots of foot tapping and head bobbing from me. And the 'stage' isn't really a stage at all, the space is completely level and open to the bar so the music experience is immersive and intimate. Which is something I haven't really found in Toronto at the level that it is here.\n\nHonestly my favorite place in Toronto now to grab a drink and some noshes. KEEP IT GOING FAT CITY.