AYCE Korean BBQ restaurants used to be confined to Spring Mountain, so it's nice to have one of them open up a place close to Henderson.\n\nI actually live closer to our local location of Gen, but Honey Pig was more impressive when I tried their first Las Vegas location. I was excited to hear that they were coming to the fun part of Eastern Ave with so many other restaurants, and I went with friends to try it after work on Friday night. It's on the south side of the huge plaza, just across an alleyway from Big 5 Sporting Goods.\n\nWe were seated quickly, but despite the relative lack of customers, the server took a lot of time to start our grill and take our order. So yeah, there might still be kinks with the training or staffing level; fortunately, we weren't in a hurry. We wanted to do the all you can eat dinner ($24.95) after all, which means spending enough time to stuff yourself.\n\nThe cooking was about as attentive as I experienced before, with the meats started but not necessarily finished (so pull the meats yourself before they get overcooked). Still, it's better than some places which just bring the meats out and leave all the cooking to you. The meats were about as impressive as I recall at the original location, with pork belly being a standout and pork neck also impressive. The beef brisket was fine and the kalbi (beef short rib) was tender and delicious, but bulgogi (listed as marinated roast meat) wasn't special in the slightest. Also wasn't a fan of the spicy chicken \"boneless rib\" or the shrimp (which as we saw is prone to overcooking), but the spicy squid was nice for its texture.\n\nAs for the other actual food, the side salad was fresh and rather addictive, the kimchi was a little on the sweet side (alright for me, but not palatable at all to my tablemates), the bean sprouts were fine (and interestingly textured when overdone to a crisp), and the banchan were very different from the Spring Mountain location but still great. The eggplant was my favorite, the pickled daikon was also delicious, and the spicy beans and the tofu were good too. And servers were quite attentive with refilling the iced barley tea. I should note that only the salted sesame oil and the sweet dipping sauce were available (the original location had a paste that I don't recall using that often).\n\nDespite not having as varied a menu as its competitors, this new location of Honey Pig is a delicious spot to stuff your stomach with meat. I'd probably go back for lunch if I could ($17.95 with only shrimp and beef short rib excluded as meats), but dinner would work as well. Oh, and it's certainly more nicely decorated and lit than the other Honey Pig.