For my landmark 1000th review, I've chosen one of my favourite places in the world.  My hometown Toronto.\n\nToronto my city... you can say I'm biased but no matter how far I've traveled or how long I've been away, it is a welcome sight to see Toronto skyline while flying back in.  The long lakeshore with it's apex of high rises just spills outwards from the central point of the CN Tower.  \n\nFor all those who are considering coming to Toronto, I can say to you that we Torontonians tends to be a bit too humble.  Yes our city is under the cold winter winds and snow from November to April.  It requires a car to get around effectively (though we do have Uber and Lyft now) and it has such a huge sprawl if you consider the outer reaches of GTA.  Yes, we have funny coloured money.  And oh sorry about apologizing so much... habits I guess.  Underneath all that, we've got a love for all things new and different ... and we embrace it.  Whether it be the newest cuisin, e a different culture that we're learning from newcomers, a new exhibit of avant garde art at the AGO, or even the newest food fad ... gold covered carbon black ice cream anyone?\n\nIn general, Toronto is a melting pot... a coming together of different experiences and people to make our city whole.  Even most of our professional athletes are not from Toronto... let alone Canada.  But we love every soccer, hockey, baseball, and basketball player that have come to represent our city (DeMar we love you!!).   It is a chance to find some of the most generous Ethiopians or Syrians and experience breaking of the bread with them ... all within 50 meters of each other.\n\nThat being said... food.  It's plentiful and it's very good.  You can go 50 stories up to the best views and beautiful plating at Canoe or you can find some of the most authentic delicious cheap eats in the nooks and crannies in Kensington.  Toronto heart is in it's stomach at times... ok most of the time.  Some of the best Chinese food outside of China is here and all types as well.  And it's not just ethnic foods that shine here too... we got our steaks, BBQ, and oysters working at the best level.  The hundreds of reviews I've done over the many years is a testimony to that.\n\nAs for entertainment and fun, we have every type of sports team and the city is PASSIONATE about it.  The vibe is all out bolt of energy and you can't help but scream and jump along with it.  If you want to be in the heart of the most energizing fun, I recommend a Toronto Maple Leafs game.  We have some of the biggest festivals representing unique parts of our city... a few are Pride, Caribana, and TIFF.  It spans different parts of our cities identify and really shines a light on the culture.  We have a few museums that can charm you (Ripleys & Toronto Zoo).  There are many natural paths within it's reach that could amaze you like the Scarborough Bluffs or High Park.  Wine country is only 50 minutes and one of the most incredible falls in the world is only an hour.  \n\nOur smaller districts will keep you amused... whether it be the wonderful step back in time in Distillery, the bohemian artsy Kensington, the many Chinatowns, or the platinum mile of Yorkville.  Walking along Queen st, you can find yourself walking into every type of store to your amusement ... whether it be custom made shoes, Japanese knick knacks, 'smoking' paraphernalia, or carefully curated boutiques for high end womens clothes.  For Ossington,  you can find an amazing restaurant literally within a 2 ft of you.  \n\nYes, the CN tower is our known landmark but I really believe the one that will stay with you is the people and cultural fingerprint.  Everyone is welcomed... all creeds, race, background, identify, ... everything.  Yes, it is a big city and it's easy to get lost but you can always be found the moment you desire it.  It all depends where your heart is...  Is it in the dark greens of a serene forest, the gentle sounds of soft waves hitting shorelines under a cliff, among the salivating smells of a delicious meal, or the screams and roars of the crowd.  Toronto has this and it's all here for you to find it.