I want to give a very honest review and explain each point with reasons so bare with me. I promise I don't over exaggerate things and I really hope they read reviews and improve their business... I'm not a bitter customer for any other reason than total disappointment :( \n\nI tried Vegas Hot mainly because of the location being 5 min away but also because of the variety of classes I saw online... After giving it a 5 month chance I was completely disappointed for many reasons. \n(I will add my few positives at the end of the review)\n\n1. It is absolutely filthy. The whole place is barely kept together and it seems that the owner is doing the bare minimum...once I saw the cockroach in the bathroom, I knew it was time for me to go. I used to walk out with black feet and other people's hair all over my stuff. I've never once seen them clean the floors after the classes. The cleaning crew barely clean the mirrors properly.\n\n2. The staff...that's a whole other story. The people greeting you should make you feel welcomed and excited for your workout, instead they barely get up, dressed like they just rolled out of bed, and moody AF all the time. I brought a GF to try it out and I SWEAR TO GOD... The girl upstairs looked like she wanted to slap my friend for wanting to try a class... I've never in my life been so horrified. \n\nI showed up to a class on a Friday night, and the front desk girl was teaching the class and reading the steps off of a piece of paper... I honestly don't know if she's certified or not, but the heat wasn't turned on, she never once gave advice how to do a pose better, she just read off of a price of paper.  \n\n3.The hype for MONTHS was the opening of the new Titan room...They must have had one person working on it 1 day a week because it took over 5 months to open. I waited with so much anticipation for more space and I definitely got that part but I'm guessing they forgot the heat\/humidity part which is the main reason I signed up. They have two humidifiers pointing in the other direction and half of the time they forget to turn them on and the heat along with it. My GF said \"this isn't hot Pilates, it's a room with no air conditioning.\" The room looks half ass done like everything else. It's all so embarrassing! \n\n\nPositives: The only three instructors I would take were Danielle, Christine M, and Lisa Verga. They kept me coming for those few months. Danielle knows her stuff. Christine is such a sweetheart and really welcomes you with open arms. Lisa is so spiritual and taking her class on a Friday after a long week... Is just perfect! \n\nI don't want to bash other instructors that I took at times because of the classes fitting my schedule but I seriously question their knowledge, passions, and desire to want to help others. \n\n\nI have found a new place that I drive 9 miles to go to and have no regrets! \n\nI hope my review was helpful and I promise you, it was very honest to my experiences and views. It's really a shame because it's a great locations.