It pleases me to be the first reviewer for this recently opened restaurant, especially as the restaurant is worthy of your business.\n\nLike some other Mexican restaurants we went to in \"dicey\" neighborhoods, we were the only white people to eat here and that's hardly surprising as most of the white people I've met will either only go to upscale Mexican restaurants or, more often, chain restaurants which hardly represent the best of Mexican food.  As the name of this restaurant suggests, seafood is their specialty here, but the menu is by no means limited to that.  Being new, the place has a fresh, clean and bright air about it:  the restaurant IS small, but the tables, floors and large amount of woodwork inside give it a welcoming and appealing air.  People seem to be very happy to be here.\n\nAs for the food, as far as I'm concerned, the star of this place is the ceviche:  for $3.50, they serve you a tostada so weighed down with seafood, that lifting it to your mouth can only be compared to trying to do pushups with weights placed on your back.  Thankfully, the tostada is really crisp, because you otherwise wouldn't be able to lift it  ... that's how much seafood is on it!\n\nAs for the rest of the food, while I saw people getting big portions of shrimp cocktail and the like, the fish dishes we had were OK as far as quantity was concerned.  Tasty, as well; but we've reviewed two other Mexican seafood restaurants to date, which you can find under our profile, and which beat this place hands down (with the exception of the ceviche).\n\nService is quick; but interestingly, all the servers are women and all ... mmm ... well-endowed.  Whether this is a coincidence, I don't know; but it does give the feeling that you're dining at Hooters (my partner's view ... to me, it reminded me of some of the 'hotels' I ran into in eastern Poland, where the servers in their restaurants were \"available\" after hours for fun).\n\nOverall, if you live in the area, this is a very acceptable alternative to the myriad of restaurants in the West Valley, which claim to represent real Mexican food, but, interestingly, don't have fish dishes on their menu with the possible exception of a fish taco.  Don't hesitate to try this place:  it's not expensive, the portions are reasonable and, like I said, if you like ceviche, you can't do better than here.  Let's hope, with time, the realities and expenses of running a restaurant don't affect the serving size.