My dearest Lidia,\n\nHello! How are you? How's Manhattan? Is PBS treating you well? Is your wallet getting fatter by the second? I hope so. \n\nI finally dropped by your restaurant in Pittsburgh's Strip District this evening. I know you've been begging me to check it out for years, but quite frankly, I just haven't been in the mood for pasta. You know how I am... carbs and all. \n\nYou know, I must give you props for the restaurant's layout. The fancy wall art, the color of the paint... I must say Rockwell did a very good job, and watching the sun set over the Allegheny River while dining on our meal was simply delightful. \n\nAt the behest of our server, each of my dining companions and I ordered the prix fixe pasta and a few antipasti. The antipasti were lovely - the lightly seasoned calamari was divine and the fresh mozzarella and olive platter was splendid. A terrific way to start the meal.\n\nNow Lidia, I know you'll never indulge me, but what on earth is in the dressing on your Caesar salad? It's smashing! There's definitely a hint of pear in it, but other than that, I'm flummoxed. Oh, and the imported cheese really bolstered the salad, sending a usually ho-hum affair into the stratosphere. You've really outdone yourself, my dear. \n\nAnd then came the prix fixe pasta trio. Lidia, darling, you know I'm a fan, but it really wasn't your best effort. The imported eggplant was overpowered by the tomato sauce, and the broccoli and sausage rabe was good but not great. Only the goat cheese-stuffed ravioli was better than average, but just marginally. Our server informed us that the ravioli was infused with thyme, but spank my bottom if I didn't taste a thing! Over all, not your best showing. \n\nDessert was quite sterling - the strawberry panna cotta was perfectly prepared, although a bit much with the cookies. Really, who has room for all that. I know you chide me constantly with your incessant \"mangia, Joe, mangia!\", but I had really eaten far too much and the champagne had gone to my head as well. \n\nSo there you have it: my visit to your restaurant in Pittsburgh. Not quite five stars, but certainly not 3 stars. I'll give you a four this time, if only for the blandness of the prix fixe. Do give my love to Joseph and don't be a stranger. We haven't chatted on Skype in ages!\n\nKisses,\nJoe