The BF and I went to Nobuo last night for the first time with a local dines deal. The place is cute, it's an old house and you sit in one of many small rooms.  As we were seated, we overheard some other people complaining about their experience...uh oh. So, needless to say, I was a little worried. We ordered a whole bunch of things to share. We got the sugar snap peas, the fried and stuffed squash blossom, a special that was fried octopus balls (as in they were in a ball shape....stop being dirty :-P) , the sea bass and mushrooms wrapped in a pouch of sorts, and another special which was local chicken 3 ways. I also got a cocktail, the grog, and we shared the mousse for dessert (it was a pretty indulgent night). Here's the breakdown:\n\nSugar snap peas: this was not my fave, but the BF liked it a lot. It was a little fishy and served cold, and I just didn't totally love it, but he ate it all. \n\nFried squash blossom: I loved this dish! It was stuffed with goat cheese, was light and crunchy, and I thought it was soooo delicious. The BF didn't like it, but he's a goat cheese hater. \n\nOctopus balls: The garlicky sauce was good, the breading was good, octopus has a weird texture, but overall, I liked it, they did the best they could I think with this odd ingredient. \n\nSea bass: This was the star of the show...the sea bass was not fishy. It fell apart. It was savory and delicious. The mushrooms were luscious, earthy, and added tons of flavor to the fish....I could eat this fish any day of the week...so yummy. \n\nChicken 3 ways: Again, this was pretty delicious. The chicken was served: panko fried, wasabi grilled, and marinated in a soy onion mixture. The panko fried was good, but pretty expected. The wasabi grilled was awesome, I could feel the spice in my nose and the chicken was so moist, but the clear winner on the plate was the onion soy chicken....oh em gee.... this had such a wonderful savory and sweet flavor. \n\nThe grog: This cocktail was strong! But it had a nice honey and orange flavor....definitely worth the 11$ because one was certainly enough. \n\nThe Mousse: oh so chocolately and creamy...the green tea ice cream complemented it very well (and I do not care for green tea desserts). We were told that the secret behind this (and don't read this if it might ruin your experience) is that they use tofu in it to give it that silky texture...brilliant!\n\n\nOverall, I really enjoyed our meal there and would definitely go back again (although I would order a little less cuz we were stuuuuuffed).