Let me just preface my review by saying that I don't like buffets. I believe that it is an experience meant for mass-consumption of an unhealthy amount of food that is never truly spectacular and provides for a lackluster experience that is meant only to fill your stomach. That being said, I was won over by Wicked Spoon. It featured food in new and creative ways while preserving quality over quantity. Needless to say, it wasn't the most remarkable dining experience you will ever have, however it will make you think \"did I really just go to a buffet?\"\n\nSet in the recesses of the Cosmopolitan resort, getting there can be a challenge in itself. Whoever designed Las Vegas resorts to get you to set destinations clearly set a slot machine or a poker table in your way. Be prepared with some comfortable shoes, because no matter where you park your car or if you valet, the trek is clearly enough to burn off your first plate of food (I'm exaggerating here for the record). Yet if that isn't enough to deter you, the line to pay followed up by the line to be seated might be. Don't give up. \n\nWhen you finally are seated, you are greeted by a diorama of epicurean treats that are hard to be rivaled. From the lighter fare to the more delectable treats, our brunch buffet was among the best I ever had. The smaller plates encourage variety and expanding your taste palate with bites uncommon to the normal buffet. Forget the mass produced scrambled eggs, the cold pancakes and such. Bring on the mushroom risotto with truffle oil, thick cut slow roasted bacon, or perhaps the desire for the gelato bar might arise. \n\nThe smoked salmon mousse in a cone could be passed up, the watermelon with feta and balsamic reduction right next door shouldn't be passed up. While simple, the crisp flavor of the watermelon is complemented with the salty feta and the sweet tart of the vinegar. While it might be over in a bite, I guarantee you will be back for a couple more of them. The bacon was heaven. Not too fatty or oily, but still offering the silky saltiness to go with your made to order omelet. \n\nBe sure to save room for dessert because the gelato was extremely well done along with the other small morsels set away enough to avoid the drool that will escape your mouth. \n\nService was good. Who would have thought I would be talking about service at a buffet!? Yet here I am including the fact that the staff quickly cleared plates, were incredibly pleasant, and never let the water glasses go full. Service usually is tolerable at a normal buffet, Wicked Spoon clearly takes it up a notch.\n\nWhile the buffet has become an integral part of Las Vegas cuisine, don't skimp on the $9.99 buffet that might dote the landscape. Let the wallet be a little loose and skip the slots for an hour and check out the Wicked Spoon. It is definitely worth the experience.