Had a Groupon expiring on May 6th, so Mom and I swung by after work.  I'd called in my order to dine in, since a. Groupon requires dining in, no take-outs, and b. I know that HP closes at 9 pm- it was 8:35 when I called.  I did not know the menu off-hand since it had been years since we last dined at HP, but I asked the person on the phone what kind of white pies did HP have to offer.  He listed about a handful, and I decided to go with the Chicken Pesto, since the Ricotta with Egg contains prosciutto (I only like crisped prosciutto).  I told him we'd be arriving shortly.  \n\nWhen it looked like we were going to arrive a few minutes after 9, I called again to say we were on our way, and could I add a salad before the kitchen closes.  He said I could definitely add the salad, and would I like to take everything to-go?  I informed him I had a Groupon to use, and he said not to worry, I may still take the items to go.  Well, sure!\n\nI walked in, and they all looked like they were ready to go home.  I'd even say that the guy I introduced myself to as the one on the phone who ordered the pizza and salad seemed annoyed.  He handed me the small (!!) personal-sized pizza box and told me someone was making the salad.  Um, that's the only size you offer, and it costs how much??  Hmm... is this what happens when I arrive for takeout?  A personal-sized pizza for $15 and a large Strawberry-Gorgonzola for $13?  Good thing I have a Groupon to use.  \n\nExpensive pizza, but delicious (hello, pesto sauce) and satisfyingly crispy!  My stomach started to rumble and cramp, so I then thought perhaps HP uses corn flour or corn meal in its dough to make it so crispy-licious.  A phone call made a few hours ago confirmed both corn flour and cornmeal are used.  You've been warned!  I think $15 is too pricey for pizza made from super-cheap ingredients- I'll pass!\n\nAs for the Strawberry-Gorgonzola salad, I can't eat strawberries and pecans anymore, so this was for Mom's enjoyment and nutrition.  It looked very nice, and portion seemed decent for the $13 price tag.  Don't know if Mom enjoyed it, though.  I'll update soon when I get an answer.  Mom did say she didn't like the pizza.  I have to say my body didn't like it, either.\n\nThis HP location is TINY, but in a cozy, intimate way.  Too bad I can't order the pizzas here, since I liked the space.  It also is in the same plaza as Wow Wow Hawaiian Lemonades, so I thought I'd frequent this pizza shop more often.  Sorry to say I won't return.\n\n5\/12\/18\nNoticed that there's still leftover salad from HP in the fridge.  Usually Mom inhales strawberry-gorgonzola salads as the flavor combo is delicious, but she said this one wasn't.  It had been refrigerated for a few hours, with dressing safely on the side, so it wasn't as fresh as when it was first thrown on the counter...