This was practically my first time in Henderson, and all I gotta say is that Henderson is NOT Las Vegas. The people here are actually normal!\n\nWhat I hate about Las Vegas(especially NW Las Vegas) is that people can't seem to articulate speech, and no one knows where anything is. A person can live at the same house for years but not know what street he\/she lives on.  It appears that 80% of the city didn't even pass Middle School... Everyone is completely broke and addicted to either alcohol or gambling. And the ones who are addicted to gambling considers themselves \"professional gamblers\" even though they never turn a profit.  Nobody can afford clothes so they wear their old gym shorts from high school, and the free T-shirt that Station Casino hands out at their Players Club booth. Even when I was living in Summerlin, my neighbors would ask me for money whenever they saw me. Right now, as I am writing this I can hear a domestic disturbance going on in my neighborhood. It seems like every night Metro shows up due to domestic violence. Also, everyone is profanely overweight and just plain ugly. \n\nHenderson is a breath of fresh air.  The girls are hot, and everyone is much more friendlier than Las Vegas people.  Also, they actually have an up-to-date mall for locals to hang out in. In LV, most the malls are marketed towards tourists(town square etc), and the locals malls are all located in sh!tty parts of town. The Galleria was really awesome mainly because unlike LV malls, it didn't smell like piss.\n\nPractically, the only reason  I like Galleria is because it is actually clean compared to typical Las Vegas standards.  The first thing I noticed when I got out of my car was that there wasn't a ton of garbage in the parking lot. At the Meadows and the Boulevard Mall, the parking lot tends to look like a landfill. When I got into the mall, I immediately noticed that there wasn't any of that weird sticky stuff on the floor. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. \n\nPeople in Henderson should be really proud of themselves. They should also consider building a wall to separate their great city from Las Vegas.