A LITTLE PARTY NEVER KILLED NO BODY!\n\nABOUT LAST NIGHT!!! \nWhere does one begin when you're still smiling from all the fun you had! Per my usual, I will share my step by step experience.\n\nEntrance\nWalking into the Hilton there was absolutely no line, I was expecting a line from our previous yelp community events. But surprisingly there was no line which was great in my opinion, everyone was inside having a great time! They had two tables set up, security, coat check, wristbands and at least 4 people per table. The system was great as Nikki mentioned in her email, as long as you had a photo of your pass it was a quick scan and go, however for those that did not see that part the scan team was READY. They quickly asked your last name, found you and BOOM you were on to the next table. This is where you had the opportunity to donate to the Belaliu Acadamy. You made your donation and was provided with details on the organization then directed to the escalators. Very quick but not rushed at all. \n\nHello Part One\n\nOnce we made it to the top of the escalators the fun began. We were greeted by the candy cigarette lady and cocktails. Yes, this is the way one should enter a PARTY! I knew it was going to be a great night just from the welcome I received. My friend and I immediately made ourselves at home and around to the vendor tables. Ravioli's from Brio, Chips, and Salsa from Salsarita's, the beautiful popcorn bar by the Hilton Hotel, and cocktails. It was great and everyone looked AMAZING! I was so thrilled to see so many participating and dressing to the NINE! Men and Women it was so fun I absolutely LOVED it. \n\nHello to the MAIN ATTRACTION\nOnce we finished our rounds we made our way into the ballroom where the REAL fun was happening. So many vendors I had no clue where to begin! My belly wanted everything at one time {partly because I purposely did not eat all day particularly for this moment LMBO!} So I started with my favorite... Banh Mi Brothers and worked my way around. I loved how all the vendors had everything prepped and ready to go, we did not have to wait for them to make anything. Each table I visited made sure their table was well stocked with food, flyers, business cards, etc. BRAVO VENDORS!!! Everything I tasted was really good, and I was very pleased to see the attention to details and presentation. Some had custom plates, others had martini glasses, others had custom drinks for the evening. It was very well planned and thought of to ensure they kept with the theme.\n\nPerformances and Entertainment\nNikki mentioned that the casino room wouldn't be available this year, however, it definitely wasn't missed in my opinion. She had so many great things happening. I did see a little bit of the swing dancing but did not have the chance to watch the entire performance. I had a few people take the swing dance lessons and they said that was really fun.  The photobooth was a HUGE hit and so was the photo frame. I'm glad both were available because the photobooth definitely had a long line lol, as expected.\n\nClosing Time\nI liked that mostly everyone stayed until the very end, that shows that the party lived up to its expectations. I was very pleased and received so many thank yous from guest I invited. Everyone said it was such a great time and glad it was on a Friday so they could really enjoy themselves.\n\nThank You\nNikki, you outdid yourself yet again my friend and I've told you this once and I'll say it again. You are truly appreciated by many near and far, and we all are so very thankful to have you leading our Charlotte Team so beautifully! To the vendors thank you for your time, dedication and all that you have to make this night happen. To Nikki's Army wooorah! To Behailu Acadamy I pray that the donations given by so many bless your organization and the lives you're helping change. Continue doing great and greatness will continue to come your way.