Okay fellow Yelpers, I'm not quite sure what went wrong but this is the first time you've steered me wrong.  We were craving fish tacos and were expecting a great meal but were sadly disappointed.  Maybe growing in SoCal ruined any chance of finding great fish tacos anywhere else...I don't know.\n\nFirst of all, I'm really not a huge fan of these new \"do it yourself\" or \"have it your way\" type restaurants.  I feel like there is no creativity at all and I really want to be wowed when I go out to eat.  On that note, I get the concept and if I do end up at this type of place, I would expect that whatever I choose should blow me away because it's exactly how I chose to make it, right? Unfortunately, it seldom turns out that way and Tortilla Fish was no exception.  Absolutely ZERO flavor.  And this was with several different types of condiments. I would normally think that maybe my taste buds were off or something, but the husband and the daughter felt the same way.  We were all disappointed.  I suppose I should've known when they don't display the type of fish used on the menu that it was a mistake but I had hope.  I ordered both the fish taco and the fish machaca taco.  The fried fish was cooked well but as I said, no flavor.  And the fish machaca taco was mushy and just not good.  The hubby had two fish tacos and felt the same. The daughter had the shrimp quesadilla and that fell short for her as well.  The best part of our meal were the beer battered fries.  They were delicious and the reason for the two stars.\n\nIn addition to the poor food was relatively poor service and atmosphere.  The cashier did his job but the cooks behind him seemed grumpy and didn't even include our daughter's quesadilla with our order.  We had to ask for it so he quickly threw it together and recalled our number.  No apology or anything.  The restaurant is also very small and cramped, which would be fine except that it is also really unorganized with people standing everywhere and not really knowing where to form a line so they are basically standing over people as they eat.  Very awkward.\n\nOverall, not a great experience and I definitely won't be returning.  Sorry!