I've been dying to come here to get my steak on, but the menu prices are downright daunting! This time around we made reservations to partake in their Restaurant Week menu, and it is the most affordable way to experience one of the better restaurants in the area.\n\nThe Capital Grill may be a chain, but it definitely doesn't feel like it. From the interior decor to the service to the actual food, everything screams upscale fancy-smancy...not something that is usually associated with a chain. We made reservations (highly recommended) and were seated almost immediately.\n\nOur server was very friendly and brutally honest. I guess she was forced to try to upsell us a $17 glass of wine but then told us how ridiculous it is and we shouldn't bother with it. When we did choose a bottle of wine she detoured us to a different bottle that was the same price but was more well-received. I'm glad we went with her recommendation because it ended up being an awesome bottle that we would have overlooked otherwise. \n\nFor the first course of the Restaurant Week menu I had the New England Clam Chowder. I am a sucker for clam chowda and this stuff was great. It wasn't overly heavy with cream and had a ridiculous amount of succulent clam chunks in it. This chowda definitely didn't skimp on the seafood, and the clams, potatoes and bacon were all melded nicely for some of the best I've had in awhile. The missus got the field green salad which was very nice, and came with an excellent champagne dressing that worked very well with the veggies. I was almost a little jealous of her salad, but I had chowder in front of me, so that feeling didn't last long.\n\nThe Restaurant Week menu was decent for entrees, with a few steak options as well as a chicken and salmon. I ordered the 14oz bone-in sirloin and this was one of the most magnificent steaks I've had in the Queen City. It was cooked to a perfect medium rare just as I ordered it, and it was a tender, juicy, tasty steak with an excellent beef flavor. It was such a huge steak that I only ate half and saved the rest for a leftover dinner the next night! \n\nThe missus had the Citrus Glazed Seared Salmon. It was a very nice piece of salmon that wasn't overpowering, and the glaze was really tasty. Her plate also came with some roasted asparagus that were cooked perfectly and had a nice sauce drizzled on top. Our table was also served shared side dishes of mashed potatoes and green beans. The potatoes were crazy rich, creamy and delicious, and there were still a few nice lumps mixed within the majority of the velvety mass, making these potatoes freaking awesome. The green beans were also tasty, and were tossed with tomatoes to give it a little extra pop.\n\nFor dessert we both shared the Cheesecake and Flourless Chocolate Espresso Cake. The cheesecake was actually more like a mousse, and so it was light as opposed to dense. It tasted wonderful and the top is caramelized to give it a crisp bite. It was served alongside a few berries and strawberry glaze, which made one delicious mouthful. The chocolate cake was just as good, if not slightly better. The espresso flavor is very light so if you're not a coffee fan don't be afraid to give this a whirl. The consistency of the cake was more like a chewy fudge, making it extremely decadent. \n\nThe Capital Grill is the place to go, so long as you have to cash. The food is all excellent and I would love to go back and try some other stuff out. The ambiance, service and food all scream swank, and it definitely feels like it warrants the extravagant price tag.