JUDE BEWARE OF STYLIST JUDE.. VERY IMPORTANT READ BELOW before scheduling an appointment with her or considering to use her...read this whole review and the owner's comments about JUDE.\n\nIt is most disappointing that an owner would immediately jump to the defense of a stylist without knowing the full details or asking to speak to a person before writing an inaccurate commentary so I feel in the interest of the public to respond. Perhaps the positive reviews are friends of JUDE and not real as you are so accepting to only believe the positive comments. \n\nI met JUDE one time only and I am a REAL person and that was my experience. In fact I have NEVER written one negative review about anyone ever and felt it was important to tell others. I don't know JUDE personally so this commentary is not personal; it is simply accurate or my opinion. I have no reason whatsoever to write something negative about JUDE other than my one time experience with her which was 100% negative and cost me a substantial amount of money.\n\nJUDE did cut off AT LEAST 5 inches of my hair which had extensions. The salon that I went to was in Scottsdale and quite reputable and of course blended the hair and gave me a haircut. There was nothing wrong with their work. I simply was trying out a new salon as my salon could not get me in.  \n\nAfter my haircut with JUDE, I went back and told my salon what happened as they could readily see my hair was cut off.  My salon was in complete disbelief how a stylist would have cut off expensive extension hair and cost a customer so much money with so little disregard.  My extensions cost way more than $500 and I absolutely did replace them.  I have all the proof of what I write or I would not have written it. \n\nMy extension hair was of the highest quality. In fact JUDE was laughing as she saw it on the floor as she was so pleased with her work and stating \"I make everyone's hair short\" when I told her my hair was too short. She is extremely arrogant and conceited or that was my experience on that day and the public deserves to know which is the reason for yelp.\n\nThe length of JUDE'S hair is irrelevant but was short in comparsion to my hair.\n\nI believe it was a Groupon or some advertising special for the salon as it may have been another coupon as I would have to research my records but that does not take away that what I write did happen and I have proof including pictures of the haircut JUDE did give me and receipts for my new extension hair.\n\nYour statements are 100% inaccurate and I have all the proof to back up my statements. The coupon was for the salon and not specifically for JUDE as you state. I simply picked JUDE as she was available at very short notice and was not booked as others were so I picked her based upon the positive reviews.\n\n\nIn terms of trying to hurt the salon I had nothing negative to say about the salon as I had a one-time experience with the salon which of course I would never go back to especially in view of this commentary with an owner who doesn't get ALL the facts and jumps to conclusions without asking to speak to a person.  \n\nI am sure you must know for someone to write a negative review they must be pretty upset to do so or they wouldn't take the time. \n\nI was told you were there and as a new customer I would have thought the owner would come by as the salon is quite small but I can't be certain. Otherwise I don't know you except by this inaccurate commentary in response to my review and how you have handled it.\n\nOnce a person's long hair is cut off you can't fix it except to replace it which is exactly what I did. Disappointedly your remarks are inaccurate as well since it certainly isn't 3 years since I have been to your salon. Instead of critically attacking a person for a honest, accurate opinion you should ask to speak to a person before discrediting them. I put JUDE's name in capital letters so others could easily identify her if they were looking for reviews about her.\n\nI stand 100% by my review and I am sure by your response you have no desire to correct the situation, despite giving me your phone number in the review, as you clearly have determined that your stylist is correct and the customer is incorrect and has some motive other than the truth. \n\nCUSTOMERS BEWARE OF JUDE that is only reason I have taken the time to write this review so someone else would not have to go through the expense and yes being upset of having very long hair cut above my shoulders BECAUSE STYLIST JUDE doesnt listen to what you want and does what she wants instead.