If I could give this place less than 1 star I would.  Intitally the salesman I spoke with on the phone was awesome.  I confided that I don't have the greatest credit, and was transfered to the  \"alternative financial solutions\" department.  This is when it all went down hill.  It was dirty, hot and disorganized.  (I had an appoinment and he couldn't find my paperwork) The sales\/finance man I spoke with gave me metaphor after metaphor for having 'less than desirable' credit. When I stated I saw the car I was interested online he told me that particular car could have not exsisted.  I said the original salesman I spoke with even gave me details on this car.  At that time he stated 'salesmen lie to get you in the door'.   I went there interested in a  KIA Soul. He took me out on the lot in the 90 plus temps, pointing out cars that were NOWHERE in my interest, or even price range.   When I stuck to my guns, and all was said and done the offer that was presented to me for the Kia was something I would have expected at BMW dealership. During this verbal raping, the first salesman all of the sudden remembered the car I saw online and told me it sold over the weekend.  This is where it went from awful to worse.  The manager of the department came over to speak with me since I declined the 3 outrageous offers.  I must say I have never felt so disrespected and 'sold' by anyone.  It wasn't a shock that I had bad credit,  I disclosed it at the beginning of my call, and it was the topic of conversation during the entire appointment.  But this manager (who also kept calling me the wrong name) tried to make me feel bad about my credit score, and implied that I wouldn't be able to get a car.  It was a run-on sentence of verbal berating.  He actually said to me \"don't you think if everyone could have a $300 car payment for a $25K car, we'd all be driving Benzos?\" That enraged me. I again mentioned to him, the department manager, that I saw this car online and he said 'we would have never had something like that, it probably didn't have air conditioning\"   I wasn't looking for anything over $16K and kept repeating that.    I finally left brow beaten and embarassed.  However, I found a wonderful dealership Freeway Chevrolet, where I purchased a Kia Soul, for the price I wanted without anything less than total respect and pure confindence in my decision.