If you've never been to downtown Gilbert to visit Joe's Real BBQ, Liberty Market is another reason to check it out. Not only are there those 2 destination worthy places to chow, but Hale Centre Theatre which offers live performance theatre for post eating entertainment. The icon for downtown Gilbert is a massive water tower that is just amazing to stand by. I know its just a water tower but the history, being built in 1923, and the scale, 123 feet tall, it's quite a sight to stand underneath. With a 3 million dollar renovation and new park surrounding the tower, it's both modern and well, cool. \n\nHere is some good news if you're a fan of Joe's Real BBQ or Joe's Farm Grill; restaurateur Joe Johnston also owns Liberty Market. So you'll know right away that there will be high quality and tasty food at very affordable prices. This is also due to the fact that Chef David Traina and his wife Kiersten are pretty much running the show at Liberty. Both were so helpful that we felt like we were honored guests; as I'm sure most will feel when visiting. Chef David came from behind the open kitchen and greeted us personally. His gorgeous wife Kiersten was so helpful as she had many recommendations from the menu and drink list as we ordered. Its customer service like this that will not only make you a loyal guest, but you'll quickly share this experience with your friends.\n\nBuilt in 1935 the building has been lovingly restored into that retro-American-modern feel that the other restaurants have. On a side note, be sure to check out the bathrooms, there are several in which to chose and each has its own theme. To get things moving along at Liberty you stand in line and place your order at the counter, then they give you a number to place on the table and when your order is ready they bring it out to you. There are quite a few places to sit including a large patio, main indoor dining room and a long bar overlooking the wood-burning oven. This is the place to be if you love to see your dinner being made before your eyes, its up close and very personal.\n\nDepending on what time of day you go the menu has its bases covered. From the coffee bar to a fun and interesting breakfast menu as well as the main menu, you might be hard pressed to just order one thing. The main menu is comprised of sandwiches, pizza's, salads and cold case offerings such a fresh hummus and potato salad. You may also be happy to know that they serve beer and wine to compliment your dinner choices, priced so well that you may want to try more than one if you're not driving.  Be sure to take a look at the wall of kitschy gift items like bear shaped salt and peppershakers and Party Snaps. Who didn't play with those when they were a kid?\n\nBeing all about fresh and local we started with the Antipasto ($11), which was large enough to share between 4 big eaters. A large serving platter covered in Molinari and Sons cured meats, roasted Brussels sprouts, baby carrots, olives and slices of artisanal cheese were a delight. The grilled bread that came with the platter was a nice compliment to the deliciously salty cured meats. Instead of ordering the Caprese Salad ($8) we opted for the Caprese Sandwich ($7), which even came with a cold case side dish. The corn, tomato + bean side was a bounty of freshness from the crunchy corn to the smooth toothsome Navy beans. This was a real compliment to the wonderful flavors of the mozzarella, sliced tomato, fresh basil and balsamic on the sandwich. The Liberty Joe ($7) is a take on the classic Sloppy Joe enjoyed by millions of kids over the years. Tender ground beef in a rich and hearty tomato sauce a top a toasted bun, lots of love for this one. Mac and cheese was the only side that could have been chosen for this one, kid heaven!\n\nThe pizza's are all hand tossed and baked in a beautiful Renato wood-burning oven. The pizza crusts that come from this oven are lightly crisp, slightly charred and simply scrumptious! Starting with the White ($11) this one is not to be missed! If the combination of cream sauce and smoked mozzarella wasn't enough, wait till you taste the chopped bacon and tender pieces of chicken, oolala! Another sure fire hit was the Grilled Sausage ($10) covered in stringy mozzarella, roasted onions and tomato sauce. While the Molinari ($11) sounded great, the cooking of sliced cured meats makes them way to salty and intense for my taste, gamey.\n\nDesserts vary from day to day, so on our visit we had the pleasure of a slab of Red Velvet Cake ($5). If you've never had red velvet, please do. Moist chocolate cake covered in thick frosting of cream cheese delight. If you're in the mood for something a little different, order the Bread Pudding ($5). This was probably the lightest bread pudding I've ever had, which was more like French toast pillows swimming in a sea of creamy love.\n\nLoad up the car with friends and go ahead, make the trip to Gilbert and see what you had no idea existed.