Three little words: no pet fee. Also, Gold members save $14 by getting free parking!\n\nFor the reasons above - not to mention arguably the most delicious choc chip cookies in the world (if you like yours WITH walnuts) - the DT in TO AP is my de-facto lodging of choice in my \"second home', north of the border.  (There's a reason I'm the Duke here!)  The convenience of being but a hair's breadth from the 401 is already a powerful argument for this property.  But that REALLY reasonable pet fee and the no-parking-charge for gold members (both unique to this hotel) provide a strong supporting cast as well.  Now if you have a kid or two who are into water slides (and how many shrink-proof kids aren't?), you have yet another reason to choose this hotel.\n\nLest you start thinking I'm being paid to write this, let me also offer a few exhibits for the prosecution:\n\n- The ugliest looking executive lounge this side of Shawshank: its center furniture piece is a couch that you'd expect to be STILL abandoned on the roadside in a college town in late August.  \n\n- The exec lounge also features warden-decreed fare for breakfast: pre-cut fruit that's been sitting in a bowl for too long, scrambled eggs, variety of bagels and pastries, yogurt + juice\/coffee\n\n- Along with that couch, there are a few other spots that are in dire need of a face-lift.  As nice as the banquet\/meeting areas are, as you stroll down the hallways, you get an unmistakably INSTITUTIONAL feeling.\n\n- Usual good service sometimes ruined by snooty begging-to-be-retrained-or-fired staff: this latest stay, I asked (did not DEMAND - just asked) how come we didn't get an upgrade, but got stuck in a cramped room?  Dude on night duty \"explained\" for my edification that upgrades for gold VIP members are on an availability basis.  REALLY!!!  So on a Friday, when you have a bunch of college kids occupying most of the hotel, and you still have rooms available, you're saying there are more loyal frequent customers of Hilton's that are more upgrade-worthy?  Of course that's within the realm of possibility.  But even if you couldn't do anything, aren't you better off just apologizing instead of lecturing a customer that upgrades are a privilege?\n\nMy comment about the elevators being crack-a-mole fast was made in jest and tongue-in-cheek: elevators for a 12-floor building shouldn't leave the door open for too long.  If you're using a walker, maybe you ought to hire someone to get the elevator for you.\n\nSo until I get p-o'd in a big way, I'll probably come crawling back begging for more.