I'm a coffee shop fiend, and can be found hanging around Xtreme Bean and Goldbar (though not much of late). After sucking down iced tea and coffee all morning, I (like everyone else out there) tend to need something in my stomach other than liquid and caffeine. When this is the case, I head to Lobby's Beef Burgers and Dogs. \n\nHonestly, I was highly skeptical prior to my first visit. A one off restaurant, with limited word of mouth, that deals in cheeseburgers, dogs, and Italian beef and sausage. Chicago style, at that.  (Ok, I'm a born and raised NY'er, so my bias was seeping in a bit). I decided i was give them a month or 2 after they opened to try them out. After all, they basically deal with fast food, and if If i wanted that, hell, I'd go to McD's. Taco Bell, or Jack's, all of which are within a literal stones throw from Lobby's door.  \n\nFinally caved one day, and walked my fedora capped self across the street to Lobby's, ordered a Bacon Cheese Burger, and in all honesty, was taken by surprise. Burger meat at Lobby's is fresh ground, the buns are tasty, the bacon is crisp. And juicy. All of which are vital to a successful Bacon Cheese burger. I normally get my order as a Combo (which includes a Bucket o' Soda, and crinkle fry's only made when you order them). Its almost 3 bucks more, but well worth it. Rarely will a burger, fry's, and a drink leave me stuffed, but Lobby's does it every time. \n\nThey also have here what I consider to be the best Italian beef in the valley. Hands down. Now, my opinion may not be equivalent to that of some food critic, but the beef here is awesome. Thinly sliced, cooked in its juices, with cheddar or provolone cheese, its a hell of a sandwich. You can get it Hot or Sweet (if you are a pepper person, which I am), for extra cost,  or you can get it plain. Admit defeat before it gets your table, you're going to need a fork to eat the remains that fall out. Did I mention that the beef is piled in the bread to overflowing? And covered in juice? I mean drowned. Drenched. If you're at all like me and like your Italian beef swimming, Lobby's does it perfectly. \n\nAlso, the staff here kicks ass. Everyone is really friendly, helpful, and takes pride in their food. If you're staying to eat there, you won't get out without someone genuinely asking if everything was good.