This year Big 5 celebrates a landmark 60th Anniversary. They are celebrating through outstanding deals. \n\n  The purpose of my visit was new hiking boots. My hiking boots were shot to the degree that my feet were feeling the shocks of the rocks and gravel on the hiking trail. This caused pain in my right toe. I cannot emphasize quality hiking boots. The boots I wore in the past were low quality. Last year I paid the price through months of limping that resulted in a serious of cortisone injections to the left leg. No way this was happening this year. Before headed out to the trail tomorrow I'd buy a pair of hiking boots. The difficult decision was where to buy hiking boots. The Las Vegas market is flooded with sporting goods stores. Then I recalled Norm. K's review on Big 5. His review influenced my decision to drive to Big 5. The neat thing is that it was a mile from my apartment. \n\n   Big 5 differentiates itself from many of the sporting goods stores by having a smaller footprint and more convenient locations. In a way it is what Radio Shack is to the electronics retailers. \n\n  This morning Big 5 was celebrating with a sidewalk clearance sale. There were outstanding deals on apparel and sneakers. The hiking boots were in the back.\n\n   You could say the store is cluttered. The presentation reminded me more of a five & dime than a Target. When a store is cluttered with a large variety of merchandise at good prices, it is advantageous to the consumer.\n\n  The selection of hiking boots blended in with the work boots and sneakers. The selection trailed in comparison to retailers such as REI and Bass Pro Shop. However, it was quality over quantity. The hiking boots and prices were remarkable. I appreciated that the majority of hiking boots were under $100. I did not feel that I should be buying $200 - plus hiking boots. The deals were just fabulous. I narrowed the boots down to two pairs. One was a Hi-Tech pair normally going for $69 selling for $39. The more expensive pair were Hi-Tech boots normally going for $89 selling for $59. I'd choose the later.\n\n   From the minute I walked in the door to the time I left with the new hiking boots, the staff were friendly and helpful. The sales associate patiently explained the appropriate boots to wear for hiking on rocky trails before letting me try on both pairs. The benefit of trying on both boots was that I knew the more expensive pair that includes extra insoles provided maximum comfort. I also appreciated that the sales associate never tried to up sell me on the more expensive models. As a matter of fact, when I purchased the boots up front, he let me know that if I didn't like them for whatever reason that I could return them.\n\n  In closing this review is also an Internet high 5 to Big 5 for 60 years in business. To be in business for sixty years in an industry flooded with competition Big 5 is doing something right. This review is a snapshot of what Big 5 is doing right.