First off, the drinks we ordered were wrong. Iced teas turned into iced water, seriously.. water.. with ice. \n\nSecond, we had little to no communication with our waitress (lourdes). We weren't ever checked on by our waitress(lourdes). A different waitress who was working the tables to the left of us was very nice to give us refills and check on us from time to time. I wish I caught her name so I could mention how great she was.\n\nThird, when we first walked in, we asked the host if they do anything special for birthdays (for my niece) and he said yes fried ice cream and we sing happy birthday.  My niece loves Garcia's bean dip so we took her there for her 6th birthday. Towards the end of our dinner we had to ask the other waitress who had been helping us all night, since Lourdes was nowhere to be found, to have them sing HBD to my niece and bring the ice cream. Lo and behold! It's Lourdes, she just hands my niece the ice cream and faintly says happy birthday while walking away. So we decided to sing the song to my niece ourselves. The kids were so well behaved the entire dinner too!! She was most excited for the singing part!\n\nFinally,  once it was time to pay, that's when Lourdes was attentive and nice. Like, where were you this entire dinner!? So I paid and left only 15% tip due to the lack of hospitality shown. Once we start driving off of the parking lot, we noticed that my nephew had forgotten his godzilla action figure there (keep in mind, it had only been 3 mins and we were still in the car). After searching the car we went into the restaurant and asked to check the table for it. The table had been cleaned and there was no godzilla in sight. We know for a fact that it was left on the table because we were gone for literally 3 minutes!! My guess is that she threw it away based on the amount of tip that was left due to her wonderfully award winning customer service!!! **take a whiff of that sarcasm** We will never be going back to this place again!!! \n\nIt's one thing to have crappy service, but at least have decent food to make up for it.\n\nSo thanks Lourdes for ruining our days and my nephew's life. I now have to listen to him cry until toys r us opens in the morning.\n\nIn case you were wondering,  we went today on October 23, 2015 around 7 pm. Garcia's near 46th St. & Thomas. By the Arcadia Plaza.