Attention my Yelp followers and friends, I have found nirvana! Well at least in terms of hotels in Las Vegas. The Four Seasons LV is quite possibly the closest thing to my version of heaven.\n\nFrom the moment you enter the lobby doors, you know you are about to experience true luxury. Fresh flowers are in every corner, beautiful furniture and tile adorn the registration area, the place smells amazing, they call me Miss C., they hand you ice cold bottled water after you have endured the 103 degree weather outside...they treat you like royalty.\n\nThen you get to your room...\n\nThe lights are dimmed, the bed has been turned down, the curtains are drawn to allow a glimpse of your 36th floor view of the strip, there are delicious truffles and sweets placed next to the bed with another cold bottle of water, there are L'Occitane body products in the bathroom and the TV is set to a scene of a babbling brook to soothe your tired traveling soul. You feel relaxed, calm...even sexy if you will. The bed will be the most amazing thing you have ever slept in...literally to the point where you inquire where to buy one for your home.\n\nOnce you get cleaned up and dressed for the night, all you need to do is have the door man hail you a taxi to your casino of choice, or simply enter the private door directly into the Mandalay Bay. Amazing restaurants, nightclubs and gambling are within walking distance, yet you still have the serenity of your private entrance back to your room.\n\nAnd that's not all...\n\nThe Four Seasons offers a private pool with a gate to the wild and crazy Mandalay Bay Beach. Go get the party out of your system if you want, but I recommend sticking to their quieter option. Allow the cabana boys to prepare your chaise lounge with fresh towels and a pitcher of iced water with lemon. Need your sunglasses cleaned while you take a dip? They will take care of you. How about a chilled towel to cool off your face while they serve you complimentary frozen melon and spritz you with Evian.\n\nNo joke my friends...it's worth every penny. I think I'm in love, if possible, with a hotel. Until I return, I will savor the memories of their terry cloth robes and get a brief fix from the toiletries I took from the maid cart.