Back when North Scottsdale was only an arid expanse of desert nestled amongst the mountains, Frank Lloyd Wright saw promise, a dream, a vision of his own living space integrating the beauty of the natural Arizona wilderness into his home. The house is a marvel to behold, an experiment of sorts, of what he could accomplish in what was still an untamed land. Every piece of the house and property itself was carefully crafted, with great thought put into each aspect of the living spaces. The name itself Taliesin (Pronounced Tally-ess-in) is an homage to a childhood Welsh story he had heard way back when. \n\nThe tour was informative and our guide Phil B. provided excellent and entertaining commentary on the building of Taliesin West and Frank Lloyd Wright's life. Each part of the tour revealed another innovative and unique aspect of this house, and the strengths and weaknesses of the designs. For instance, the canvas covers for the ceilings provide a perfect amount of light to show through, but they do require more maintenance, especially when it rains. \n\nThe house is still a living, breathing space for the past, present, and future. The last few remaining students from Frank Lloyd Wright's original architectural school live here (They are in their 90s), tours highlight the depth and creativity of the artist's vision which is still a work of timeless art, and it is still an educational  experience for those that are starting their architectural career (Right now they offer masters programs). \n\nWe took the 90 minute Insights tour which was $32 per person online ($36 at the door) which I thoroughly enjoyed. About half the time was spent outdoors admiring the integration of desert and nature into the manmade space, the Asian influenced touches, and in general all the beautiful features that made this space a lovely place to call your home. The indoor area was equally amazing, as we toured bedrooms, entertainment areas, a storage\/movie room, and even a cabaret room made below ground.\n\nThe price of admission was worth every penny and you get a wonderful glimpse into the talented mind of Frank Lloyd Wright. Definitely a great way to spend a day in Scottsdale.