We were actually on our way to a Korean restaurant when all of a sudden I had a craving for Pad Thai. Maybe because it's been a while since I've had it but the feeling was like... I WANT PAD THAI NOW!!!  I then remembered about Pei Wei and how I used to dine at their Summerlin location often when I lived on that side of town. So I said to my boyfriend \"Change of plans, we're going to Pei Wei\".  This was the first time I've been to the Eastern location even though I've driven by this place numerous times.\n\nWe walked in and noticed it wasn't too busy. There were two lines - one line for dining in and the other line was for takeout orders. There were at least 3 people over in the takeout line. My boyfriend and I were the only ones in the dining in line. The gentleman who took our order was very nice and he even suggested appetizers. I got the chicken pad Thai, my boyfriend got the seared chicken with white rice, and we got an order of crab wontons as an appetizer.\n\nWe got our silverware and went to sit down when I noticed one of the forks had dried rice on it...eww.  So my boyfriend got up and got another one but didn't look at it until he got to the table and once again, this fork had dried rice stuck on it... WTH!!! Anyway, we did find one that was clean and I made sure to wipe it down some more before using it. My boyfriend ended up using chopsticks.\n.\nl really, really like the Pad Thai from here!  To me it was perfect... the flavor was not overwhelming and it had the right amount of spiciness. I forgot to tell them no bean spouts and it was a nice surprise to see that there was very little bean sprouts in it. This might not be a good thing, though, for someone who actually likes bean sprouts.\n\nI was a little disappointed with the crab wonton. It was plain, flavorless and I thought it wasn't worth the price. You only get two pieces and it's $2.00. I won't be ordering that again! \n\nMore and more people started coming in and I noticed that their takeout line got pretty busy. I think next time I will order takeout from here.\n\nBy the way, I would have given them 5 stars but had to deduct a star for their forks and wontons.