According to Toronto Life's more recent edition, Origin was rated as the number 1 Best New restaurant in the city...needless to say, I was very excited to eat there for a friend's birthday party. \n\nIntro to the restaurant. I bumped into another friend on the street and we entered the restaurant together and mentioned our friend's name and the 8:00pm reservation. One of the hostess responded that our table was not ready until 9pm and proceeded to show us the lounge area and mumbled something about please sit and have drinks...and who was going to take my coat for coat check? So far, not the best start. \n\nFood. Origin serves dishes tapas style and I came HUNGRY in preparation for the event so perhaps I was a bit biased when I say the food was not enough. The selection of foods is another matter entirely. I felt there was no rhyme or reason to the flow of courses...one dish contains Asian snap peas, another beef cooked in Thai style (SALTY), another sushi, another fried chips with guacamole, another bruschetta and then fries. If the intention was to showcase various cuisines of the world, then each dish was done at a level called mediocre. All in all, I was disappointed in the food. To be fair, we had a menu specially prepared for the birthday event so I am not sure if the regular menu is any different...I will not be going back to find out however. \n\nAmbiance. What can I say...it was a windy night and as I entered the restaurant, I was swallowed by two heavy purple curtains right at the entrance. Beware! Once inside, the decor is the usual kit-shy historical items that have some significance to the building\/area\/period of time, Godzilla chandeliers, modern photography that looks like a cup to one person but really is an upside down tree to another blah, blah, blah...nothing special. Towards the end of the night, it appeared a certain area of the restaurant turned into a dance floor so its a two in one place. \n\nTo conclude, this is not number 1 in my books, although there must be a reason why it is? Beats me.