Holy crap.\nI loves me some Michael Mina, and I was super excited to try this place out, especially when my boss uttered those three magical words: Duck Fat Fries.\nSo much for it being a less pricey option than his restaurant in SF, but definitely a fantastic experience.\nOur server was great - knowledgeable, attentive, and friendly.  The cocktails were great.  A coworker got their version of the classic sidecar which is anything but, featuring a cinnamon sugar rim.  It was delish, but a bit too cinnamony for a purist.  A purist I am not since I branched out and tried the pomegranate sidecar which was also delicious, and had no distracting cinnamon rim.\nThose duck fat fries made their appearance and subsequent disappearance right after.  Three varieties - herbed with onion ketchup, truffle with truffle aioli, and paprika with a bbq sauce ketchup blend.  I don't know why fries aren't always, exclusively cooked in duck fat.  Crispy little sticks of perfection, and the flavor combos were great.\nI did manage to squeeze in some non deep fried veggie type creatures by way of the very delicious beet salad.  I would've like a little bit more of the balsamic reduction, and the salad was a little on the salty side, but I love salt and it was perfect for me.\nNext up some little pan focaccia which I avoided knowing what was coming next and given how many fries I had already eaten.\nI had a steak, which you know, steaky, whatever.  But!  The broccolini was tangy and spicy and awesome, the asparagus was somewhat meh, I avoided the horseradish mashed potatoes because horseradish is the devil, and went on to make up for that by eating 17 people's portions worth of truffled mac and cheese.\nThe restaurant is dark dark dark upon entry, so give your eyes a minute to adjust.  I loved the decor, even though it's much more Vegas than Phoenix.  Next time I'll try to order something lighter so I have room for the beignets three ways which sounded positively orgasmic.  We ended the meal with some complimentary housemade bourbon caramels which I did not try because I was on the verge of exploding, but yes, I do have them in my bag to bring home.\nI think if I lived in the area, I'd come for cocktails and to make a meal out of apps and sides, and bypass the steak which was the most average part of the meal.  I don't know what I would expect out of steak - I mean steak is steak, but it paled in comparison to some of the other items.