Popped in yesterday at 6pm and snagged seats at the counter right away. The place started getting packed not long after though so timing is everything with this teeny little spot! \n\nI got the beast burger thanks to a VERY enthusiastic review from a coworker and my boyfriend got the fried chicken dinner. \n\nTHE BURGER:\nJuicy and delicious. Whatever that secret sauce is, it gets two thumbs up. Absolutely divine. It's a straightforward burger that involves essentially unhinging your jaw to get a proper bite - my favourite kind! The only downside though (and the reason I'm giving this place 4 stars instead of 5) is that the bun... Was soggy. Big no-no. Now here's the thing: I'm not a texture eater, so the feeling of the soggy bun was not an issue. I couldn't care less. The problem is that a good, firm bun acts as a relatively impenetrable gate for the juicy, saucy meatiness it surrounds. A soggy bun that falls apart with each bite means that rivers of burger grease make their way down your hands, forearms, and eventually reach the table via your elbows, ruining a cheap sweater you don't really care about anyway but it's what you chose to wore on this particular date so it's a good thing your boyfriend doesn't own any non-stained clothing and thus cannot say a word about your current predicament.\n\nTHE FRIED CHICKEN:\nHoly CRAP. I'm getting this next time. After I inhaled my soggybunburger and lamented over my poor decision not to order fries on the side (seriously, guys. Why the extra charge for fries?? It's an age-old pairing and the two should not be kept apart by a whole $2.50 when my burger itself was already $15!), my boyfriend turned to me with a shameful look on his face and muttered, \"I'm full.\" TIME TO STRIKE. I grabbed one of his pieces of chicken and dove into it, full speed ahead. Dear god. I'm not a fried chicken kinda girl... Correction, I WASN'T* a fried chicken kinda girl, but Stockyards made me a believer. Flawless batter, juicy, generous pieces of chicken, and fries that taste as though they've rained down from the heavens above.... 10\/10. Bravo. I'm positive this Stockyards dish will be the reason I (very contentedly) die of heart disease.\n\nTHE DRINKS:\nWhat the heck?? No BEER? At a FRIED FOOD joint?? I couldn't even get a Diet Coke, which is infinitely worse. So, I pitifully sipped on my water while silently cursing the fact that this little shortcoming will not rob the 'Yards (new nickname, dibs) of a star on its rating since the food is just too damn good. \n\nAll in all: I'm totally coming back, but I'll stick to the fried chicken and leave the beer to the pubs and the burgers to the Priest.