Becker's was the 5th or 6th shop I went to and the place I bought my wedding dress.  I found that in most shops, there was at most one dress I liked enough to even consider buying, but Becker's was much more my style!  Although there was one dress I ultimately liked more on than anything else I had tried, I found I had a much bigger selection to pick from at Becker's.\n\nI made an appointment for a Saturday while visiting Toronto (at the time I was out of town), but decided to try walking in earlier in the week on a Tuesday.  Bridal shops don't handle walk-ins well in general, but because it was a quiet Tuesday afternoon they were able to be very friendly and accommodating.  Although I bet it was frustrating when I explained that I also had an appointment on Saturday and wanted to pre-shop before coming back with a friend, they didn't let it show and moved their scheduling around so that I would be with the same consultant on the Saturday as well.\n\nI was looking for a dress that was relatively light-weight, $1000 or under, and that I would need minimal alterations to.  I had great success with Watters dresses and ultimately bought one from Wtoo (by Watters) that rang in a little over my budget, but was less than the other dresses I was considering.\n\nEverything went really smoothly through the process of buying and picking up my dress.\n\nI read a bunch of other reviews of Becker's and I'm kinda surprised at the level of expectations around bridal salons.  Hopping from one salon to another and then critiquing them is SUPER weird guys!  I only went to as many places as I did because it took that long to find what I wanted in a dress... but I didn't rip apart the places I didn't find my dress at.  Like, sure, if someone was rude to you or the dresses are all really out of style, by all means, that's useful information for other folks.  But complaints about the samples being dirty?\n\nDress samples CAN'T be perfectly clean and new.  How could they be?  If the salon's top priority was keeping them in new condition, you wouldn't be able to try them on at all.  You can pretend you're above sweating all you want, but it's a white dress and you're probably dirtier than you think.