I read some great reviews several months back and but it on my backburner to try.  Looking in the most recent reviews today I should have checked out the place sooner.  Really, a borderline 3 for this place.\n\nWe got there on a Friday night and it was a bit packed.  Decor is nice, dark, lots of brick.  Liked seeing the huge vats for their in house microbrews, real plus.  But really folks, does it take you 10 minutes to acknowledge that we might need a place to sit?  Naughty, naughty you hostess you!  On a Friday night you know business will pick up so be on the ready!\n\nAfter finally getting seated we were greeted by our server.  Nice guy.  Told him we had never been there before so he showed us the menu and told us about their house microbrews and some of his favorites.  I told him I like dark beers like Guiness but I also don't mind a more medium brew like a Newcastle.  He told me I should have both!  His suggestion: 1\/2 of their Old Town Brown and 1\/2 of their Black Star Stout!  Also known in many places as a Black and Tan!  At $5 for a 22 oz. glass how could I go wrong?  Turned out to be a great choice, malty beer with chocolate notes, and a light bitter finish.  Fantastic!\n\nI get around to looking into the menu and behold what do I see?  Chicago's master brewer...is a Filipino!  Graduate from UNLV no less!  That's it...go Filipino go!  Nice job Mr. Pascual on making some killer beer!  Makin' our Asian community strong, one person at a time.  Glad he got a page for him on the menu.  \n\nOn to the dinner menu, lots of variety!  Definitely bar food in the works for sure.  Appetizers looked appealing, garlic knots, onion rings, chicken tenders, brew wings, calamari, mussels, and clams.  So much to choose from.  If I had been there in time for happy hour we would have sampled some of these.  Menu has a diverse selection, salads, burgers, sandwiches, wraps, entrees, and pizzas both Chicago deep dish and thin crust.  They even have a section devoted to their popular sliders.\n\nWe thought about getting a specialty Chicago deep dish pizza at first but it was a bit pricy at $14 for a 9\" (man did they look tiny sitting on the warming line) and $24 for a 14\".  You can also build your own deep dish pizza if you like.  Maybe next time!\n\nThe lady and I both ended up getting sandwiches from their menu.  She got the Hot Pastrami Sandwich ($10) with thin pastrami, coleslaw, Swiss cheese, and honey mustard on marble rye bread.  I got the Southside Cheesesteak ($10) with peppers, mushrooms, and onions on a French roll with their signature beer cheese sauce.  The lady had onion rings, and I had fries (asked for them to be well done).\n\nThe verdict?  Food was ah.  It was ok, but nothing to really write home about.  Nothing was really all that special.  Her pastrami sandwich was alright, but it wasn't exactly overflowing with meat, and the coleslaw was a bit bland.  The onion rings didn't seem super fresh, do I detect from a bag and not hand battered?  Oh goodness I hope not.  My cheesesteak was fine (I've had better), their signature beer cheese sauce had a hint of beer but mostly tasted like basic Cheez Whiz to me.  Does no one know how to toast the inside of bread before putting the meat on it?  That crunch makes a world of difference.  My fries on the other hand were very good.  Super crispy on the outside, light and fluffy on the inside.  \n\nAn ok experience overall.  Hostess could have been better, but our server was A-OK.  I must go back just to sample more of their beers!  The food though, might need some improvement.  Plus a star though for their Filipino master brewer!