I was teetering between a 4 or 2 star so I decided to go with the average of those two numbers and give them 3 stars.  \n\nForewarning this will probably be a long review but it's all useful information, I assure you.\n\nSo let's start with the positives, why they deserve 4 stars: \n\nFor the price and what you are getting, it is actually a really good deal.  The Jockey Club is a timeshare so most of their rooms contain a full kitchen, pretty well stocked with utensils and either one king or two queen beds in the separate bedroom area.  The bedroom has two doors that close off from the living room and kitchen.  There is a decently sized bathroom, clean and useable and a walk in closet in the bedroom, also a flat screen tv, in the bedroom.  The living room contains a L-shaped sleeper sofa that pulls out a queen size bed along with a dining room table seated for 4 and a full kitchen.  \n\nLocation cannot be beat, it is located in the shadow of The Cosmopolitan.  There's a door that actually connects you through directly into the Cosmopolitan and it shares a few resources with The Cosmopolitan.  I would ask an employee where the connection is, it is like an obscure unmarked door that takes you into a parking garage that takes you directly into the casino of Cosmo.  \n\nJockey club guests are allowed to use one of the Cosmo's pools and they also share a parking garage.  Jockey club guests are directed to park at level B3 of that garage, once you go down there search for a random double door that says Jockey Club on top of it and that's your entrance into Jockey Club from the garage.  Drive slowly though, it is very easy to miss unless you know what you are looking for.  If you are coming from Flamingo on Las Vegas boulevard, you are going to want to park in the first parking garage on your right, right when you see Cosmo.\n\nThe jacuzzi is also open 24 hours, who doesn't love a 4 am jacuzzi session.\n\n\nSo now the negatives, why they deserve 2 stars.\n\nLike I said before, this is a timeshare that they rent rooms out to and it is also a very obscure place that no one knows about meaning that it probably will not attract the typical Vegas party crowd.  This means that when the typical Vegas party crowd does decide to stay here and be, you know partying in the typical drunk Vegas fashion in the room, people will call and complain.  Yes, we got management called on us to keep it down, which to me, is unheard of in Vegas.  Management was nice about it though, but the fact is, it's Vegas and loud rambunctious behavior comes with the city.  \n\nStaff at the front desk could be a bit friendlier, they do not seem to be big fans of the rambunctious young Vegas groups. \n\nSo there you have it folks, if you come to Vegas a lot and save your partying for the club then by all means, book a room at Jockey Club.  If you rarely go to Vegas and plan on going crazy wild, in the club and at the room, then stay away from Jockey Club.