I got a groupon deal to spend some time with my girlfriends.  We were interested in the facilities and seeing what amenities they had to offer.\n\nFirst impression, bright open entrance with hardly any smiles from the workers.  They offered us these super over-sized shirts and shorts that fits sumo sized.  They are very unattractive, but it did the cover up job.  I was handed a towel with this disgusting yellow stain that seemed like it could wash off, but it didn't look washed.  This didn't instill confidence within me about this facility.  \n\nThere was a quick explanation of the facilities and off we went.  No tour, just reading signs, using common sense and wandering about the entire facility.  It was pretty empty for being the weekend.  \n\nHere's the entire facility breakdown:\n\nThere's 2 common lounge areas to watch TV, sleep or read on over-sized lazy boy type chairs.  \n\nThe clay room is like little igloos that you crawl into and lay in there.  It's just a hot sauna with red lighting and I can't tell if there's any benefits to lying there with the clay.  \n\nThe clay ball room is individual squared off spaces that is filled with what feels like marbles.  You have to really gently lay yourself onto it, because it's pretty painful getting out when trying to stand on marbles.  You just do a swim motion like you're at Chuck-e-Cheese and let the clay balls just warm you entire body.  Again, another hot sauna room.  Bare in mind, you can't last more than 10 minutes per room, per recommendations of the facility, because it's so deathly hot.\n\nThe chill room is literally just the chill room.  The U shape tile that allots about 7 women to sit in there comfortably and we switch from a hot treatment and back to the cool room each time to reset and cool down.  Nothing special, just a chilled room with mood lighting.  \n\nThe treatment rooms seem like they were all just in a big room, but separated by shoji screens.  The prices seemed reasonable, but if the facility wasn't attractive, I can't see how the treatments would have been any better.  \n\nThen back downstairs is when the nakedness happens.  There's a sauna room, empty big room with floor mats to lie on and zen out.  The water features were a salt water pool, a cool plunge that wasn't working, a jacuzzi, 2 different steam rooms featuring herbal scents (by far my favorite), sit down showers, stand up showers that had the essentials and that was pretty much it.  I was not impressed with the water features.  The mixture of hot and muggy was a turn off and there was a smell the lingered.  We spent but most of our time showering off in there and back to the lockers.  \n\nThey had teeny tiny cups for water refills, but thank goodness the offered water.  There was the bare essentials like blow dryer, brush and maybe some cotton swabs.  I didn't find the place too pleasant, so the consensus was leave as soon as possible.  \n\nThere was a dining area and the food was over priced, but at least they offered food.  We didn't eat there, so I can't comment.\n\nNext time, heading to the strip for a spa day is probably going to be the best bet.