The Buffet is a veritable smorgasbord orgasbord orgasbord\nEven when the crowds have 'creased.  \nEach day when the lights go on it can be found by the pound all around\nOh what a lovely feast.\n\nThis appetizing yarn of mine is true.  But, it's probably more of a qualified truth since the food you'll find at The Buffet at ARIA is decent but will become increasingly unappetizing as you consume more.  Nonetheless, this is a place where you can glut glut glut glut!\n\nIt's been several years since I've been to a buffet of this caliber, so needless to say, I was starved for the variety of options available at a smorgasbord like the one at ARIA.  My initial plan was to stay at the buffet from lunch to dinner so that I wouldn't have to worry about eating multiple meals.  After all, buffets aren't cheap!  (Weekend brunch is $29.99 \/ Weekend dinner $39.99.)  But, as I sat with a dystopian novel in hand, I found that my eyes wandered from the text to the serving area, which was in my direct line of sight - a foolish maneuver.  The more my eyes wandered, the more I wanted to eat.  And, eat I did!  Thus, my glorious plan to stay at the buffet from 2:30PM to 6:30PM was foiled, and I left after only two hours.\n\nLike most buffets, you pay when you enter the buffet.  You're given the option to tip, and I would recommend doing so since there are friendly and helpful waiters\/waitresses who will bring you drinks and clear your plates.  Once you've paid, you will be ushered to a table, asked for your drink order, and then are free to roam around the buffet.  The buffet itself has various stations that serve a range of cuisines (Asian, Indian, Italian, Latin, and Mediterranean) as well as various types of meat (fish, seafood, beef, ham, turkey), salad, and dessert.  Sorry vegans; there didn't appear to be any dessert that was free of animal products (or at the very least dairy-free)!\n\nPart of the reason why I chose to dine at The Buffet at ARIA was because my friend had recommended their buffet as a decent, cheap-ish alternative to some of the fancier (read: more expensive) buffets like Bacchanal. In general, I found that assessment to be accurate, but your dining experience will probably be dictated by how much you eat \/ how terrible you feel after X number of servings.  Most of my pieces of prime rib were perfectly cooked (medium), but my last piece was tough, dry, and unappetizing (well).  Definitely specify what slice you want; otherwise, the carver will just give you something undesirable.  The ham was good, but not comparable to what you could get at Honeybaked Ham.  I would definitely not recommend eating any of the dim sum if you are at all accustomed to good Chinese food, as I found the charsiu bao and har gow both mushy and strange.  Some of the vegetable options in the Asian station were all right, but were drenched in sauce.  The seafood station had various types of crab legs, shrimp, oysters, smoked salmon, and the like.  Most of these items were tasty, though you could tell they had been previously frozen.  The salad station had ample fruit and vegetables that I would have happily eaten all day.  But, if you're a vegetarian, it's probably not worth coming to this buffet.  \n\nAlthough I generally enjoyed dining at this buffet, I probably should have stopped after my third plate of food, as my final serving made me hate myself and the food I had just eaten. Moral of the story: if you want to enjoy your dining experience, it might not be the best idea to try to get your money's worth.