I have a confession.  I am a borderline smartphone addict. It is a condition affecting 40 percent of Americans. Although I don't suffer from Nomophobia and on a survey questionaire, I did not reach the point of needing smart phone detox; I am a heavy smartphone user. I have even been guilty of phubbing. When things go wrong with a smartphone,  it is a bad deal for the borderline smartphone addict.\n\n  Things go wrong so frequently with my sensitive Galaxy 3, that gaining dukedoms to Verizon is becoming a rite of passage with owning this phone. This past week, the phone was acting up. After using the Cardio Trainer app to measure the distance of the River Mountain South Powerline Trail (remember I am a border smartphone addict) the SD card gave up on me. Years of pictures and a 100 of the greatest hits of all time perished from my World. It was time to return to the equivalent of the emergency room for Verizon  smartphone owners: the corporate Verizon Store.\n\n  The Sunset at Stephanie Verizon store is as modern as the IPhone 5. The store reminds me of an Apple Store, where you get to play around with the new smartphones and tablets. It is a smart concept. When people are waiting to be called, if your like me your thinking, \"my smartphone is getting out of date (scary since I only brought it last year, but I am a borderline smartphone addict), maybe I should extend my contract another year and a half, get a new phone that will be old in a year, and never get out of my contract.\"  In reality,  I am loyal to my smartphones, and if you've read my earlier Yelp reviews, I keep them til they pass on. Past the displays of the newest smartphones and tablets is the automatic bill pay machines and the accessaries wall. After spending time with the latesr technology, it dawns on me that the basic cell phones have gone the way of my SD card.\n\n  When I look at the accessaries wall, I am reminded of why I brought the Galaxy 3 and prior to that the Fascinate at Best Buy. Everything at the Verizon Store is inflated. An example is they wanted $40 for a 16 GB SD card that I brought yesterday from Walmart for $16. A more disturbing sight is there are no accessories for the Galaxy 3. I only brought it 11 months ago! Just like I see expensive places, there merchandising plants the seeds in my head for the fruits that will be business with Best Buy and any brick & mortor electronics place.\n\n  By the time that I look at all this technology,  the Verizon rep calls my name. When I went here on Thursday for a busted SD card and yesterday for a battery draining rapidly due to looking for an SD card, the reps were patient and professional. I am a borderline smartphone addict that is respectful. I can understand some of the irrate customers they have to deal with. Anyway my opinion of the reps is they are more of the equivalent of smartphone therapists than doctors. On Thursday, the rep even volunteered to clean my screen and did a cold battery charge. Unlike the downtown Seattle Verizon (I reviewed  this recently) and the Flamingo at Sandhill Verizons, they passed over trying to sell me stuff. As far as smartphone doctors, they are like 2G reception. The best they have done is go on forums for advice. So, youtube videos have benefitted me more for understanding technical issues. And in earlier visits, especially with the Fascinate, the solution was always its the apps or you have to do a factory reset.\n\n   It is very difficult for me to bestow a Verizon Store with more than 3 stars. There is zero excuse for not having replacement phones for a broken one. It is a bad deal for a borderline smartphone addict to be without a phone. And in general it is a bad deal for any smartphone money paying good money for service to be without the device during the time that Verizon ships a replacement,  when it should be in their corporate owned shops.\n\n  Let's put it this way, my Galaxy 3 is not getting any smarter. When it turns into a dumbphone, I will have to return to a Verizon Corporate Store. If I am still the Duke, it is out of necessity and not a choice for this borderline smartphone addict.