Miller & Kasper is a great little local place in downtown Gastonia with good food at a great price.  This is a perfect place to stop for a quick lunch. It is within walking distance of pretty much anything in downtown Gastonia, and is a good option for someone that works in the area, is at the courthouse down the road, or just someone driving through. \n\nMiller & Kasper is predominantly a hot dog place, but they also have a small selection of sandwiches. Let me go ahead and get this out of the way, so that people have the right expectations: This place is very small with only about a dozen bar stools inside for seating and a few tables outside. There is also a limited selection for someone who does not like hot dogs. \n\nWith that being said, the hot dogs are 100% beef and are as tasty as advertised. They have about 10 options for their specialty dogs: ranging from a hot dog with Russian potato salad to a Traditional Carolina Dog with mustard, chili, slaw, and onions. For those of you who like to choose your own toppings or for those of you who just like a Plain Jane hot dog with no fixings, they've got you covered here as well. \n\nI ordered the Traditional Carolina Dog, because I'm a sucker for anything \"Carolina\" Style. The chili on the dog was very good and was made in-house. Everything that is not made in house is supplied by local vendors, which is always awesome to see. The hot dog itself was quality beef and had a very nice texture to it. Even with all of the toppings, the flavor of the dog was able to shine through. This place also does glass bottles of soda. I got a glass bottle Cheerwine, which is one of the greatest things to have in your hands on a warm summer day. \n\nThey have some great seating outside with patio style tables and umbrellas. This is great place to get some fresh air over lunch and it is located on Main Street, which still has a vintage small town feel to it. The inside is small, but nice. Most people seem to do take out for lunch, so it really isn't a problem. \n\nI would definitely recommend stopping in here for lunch one day and checking out what Historic Downtown Gastonia has to offer.