***YELP 100 CHALLENGE 73\/100***\n\nI've never done a 1 star review as I never felt I've had an experience so horrible that warrants that, I always try to find the silver lining and highlight the positive. That has changed as of yesterday at around 3:30 PM, I guess there's a first for everything.\n\nWe ordered from drive thru, a part of that order is a PLAIN cheeseburger and a Quarter pound with cheese NO PICKLES. He repeated the order and I confirmed what was displayed on their order monitor. So I drove away thinking everything is good because why wouldn't it be, right? WRONG! I dropped my husbands food to him and left, only to be told by my daughter that her cheeseburger has ketchup. When I checked, it was the total opposite of plain, it had EVERYTHING on it: ketchup, mustard, pickles and onions like I had asked for the total opposite. REALLY??? So I decided to drive back over there since it was on the way. We went inside, I spoke with the manager Alejandra and she gave me a new one. No apologies, NOTHING! She acted like I was the one inconveniencing her. \n\nI brushed it off, it was not worth my aggravation. Since we were already there we decided to just finish our meal there, then I get a text from my husband informing me they had put pickles on his burger! ARE YOU KIDDING ME??? At this point I was livid already, I went back to the register and asked for the manager AGAIN. I told her they put pickles when I specifically asked for NO PICKLES because my husband is allergic to it. She asked me for the receipt, I told her I threw it away but if she was skeptical, to ask her drive thru employee and he can vouch for my order since we were there not even 15 minutes ago. She then tells me it's their policy not to address any issues without a receipt, no refunds only exchanges. WHAT?!? I have never heard of such policy at a food place. I was disgusted at that point, I told her I didn't want any replacement or my money back but a fair warning as that issue could have gone south fast. You cannot mess around with peoples lives like that. Anaphylactic reactions are no joke, someone could seriously get hurt because your employee decided he\/she doesn't really care about their job. I'm pretty sure the franchise owners wouldn't want that kind of mess in their hands. The thing that really irked me the most was her half ass apology and the smirk she had on her face. All I wanted was a sincere apology and she couldn't even give me that, because on top of my husband's would have been allergic reaction had he not check his burger but thanks to them he now didn't have lunch either.\n\nObviously there is a disconnect between the people that take your order and the ones that actually prepare them. It's not rocket science, read the damn order slip!!! This place is a lawsuit waiting to happen!\n\nAlso an advice to the management: PLEASE train your managers properly, they are the face of your company\/franchise. Learn manners and how to handle a situation accordingly! UGHHHH!!!