Holy Krap... did I drive from San Diego, California to Mesa, Arizona for PIZZA? Why yes, yes I did... and so should you.\nThis place is wicked awesome and should be on the \"must see\" list for tourists and locals alike.\nIf you have ever wanted to sit and eat pizza while listening to an organ and thought it might be just a bit offensive to do that in your local church in the middle of Mass... well, this place is for you.\nSo...\nOnly open for a few hours a day, depending on season; 3 or 4ish PM to well, check the schedule. People line up in front of the door and in typical crazy Arizona fashion, into the (*&(#$^% parking lot... GET THE HELL OUT OF THE WAY.\nUpon entry, you order your pizza at a hustle bustle counter (CASH ONLY PLEASE) and then move around to the salad area, if you happen to be one of \"those\" people. Same for beverages and desserts... separate pay and pick up areas. If you have more than one person, someone should be checking out the cavernous first floor room for seating. Everything is long tables and benches or chairs or something. If you are looking for a quiet spot with your honey... better luck finding that in the number 2 lane of the freeway outside. Your number pops up on two big screens hanging over the stairs to the wrap around balcony. Seems as if I wasn't the only moron who couldn't find the damn sign and just waited for the pizza to be ready. The pies are being made assembly style by teenagers making money for college and secretly wishing to die. Yeah, they had that look in the eyes as if they were praying for the world to end on their shift.\nSo, into the big hall with I don't know how many seats, a couple hundred I would guess. Dominating the front of the room, looks like a stage with nothing on it... UNTIL...  in a circular motion, up comes the mighty Wurlitzer Console. You are transfixed because it is awesome looking. When the music starts and the lights come up, it's then you notice the back\/front wall in front of the console is what most people don't see in churches. Many of an organ's pipes are in what are called \"swell boxes\" they have louvers on the front and open and close to control the volume. Here the louvers are clear and you can see how they work and the pipes inside. Then you notice there are pipes everywhere, even on that second floor seating balcony and in the ceiling. There are runner lights going in time with the music which is everything from Happy Birthday or the theme from the Raiders of the Lost Ark. It is a musical and lighting extravaganza. And to top it all off... the pizza is pretty damn good also.\nI had the pleasure of finally getting to see an old friend while there, so it was a double pleasure for me... triple if you count stopping in Yuma and partying with some friends there also.  Who the hell makes hotel friends and stops to see them... yeah, that would be me.\nIf you have a second driver and want to go, enjoy the show and come back to S. D., fine. If not, there are reasonable hotels in the area where you can take your stuffed belly and overwhelmed senses to and stay the night.\nSo, this place is awesome. Get there early, eat slowly, see two shows if you can. It is entertainment for kids and grownups alike.\nI'll be going back, often... ROAD TRIP anyone?