The signs are cheeky, the staff are friendly and the venue is surprisingly unique and independent amidst the sea of strip malls and chain restaurants. But how would this GTA transplant by way of Toronto hold up to my exceedingly high pastrami\/corned beef expectations built from years of eating only the finest brisket in the burbs? \n\nWell friends, to hold you in suspense allow me to begin by review with some history. Moe Pancer's in North York had been a Toronto institution for years...years! My own father retells tales of visits there in his younger days. Three years ago the owners sold off their interests in the NY local fave in search of greener pastures. Fast forward to just over a year ago, owner Frank Houston re-branded and introduced the western border of Richmond Hill to the magic of his meat. (Pause for the innuendo to sink in ... there we go).\n\nThe opportunity for meaty levity is endless and it stems from the Pancers itself. The artwork on the wall, the cocky signage paired with the \"make my mouth happy\" cuisine lends itself to innuendo and other positive experiences. \n\nLocated on the south-west corner of Dufferin and Major Mackenzie Dr (LCBO plaza), Pancers challenges you to bring your appetite whether you're ordering Matzo Ball Soup (aka Jewish penicillin), Knish, Pastrami\/Corned Beef on Rye or a classic Reuben (oh god the Reuben....the Reuben!!!) you best belly up you best because they aim to please and fill you up.\n\nIf you couldn't tell from my mentions above, when arriving with friends today I had a tough time deciding between Jewish deli faves, but after changing my mind from the daily special to the Reuben I was more than excited to chow down. Being on a diet I considered that having a salad would be a good option, no no, that was not even a viable option, our WONDERFUL server plugged the fact that they fresh cut their own fries in house daily and I said so long to my healthy efforts (I did however order extra kosher dill pickles to get my dose of green in) - Oy Vay!\n\nThe pickles were fantastic and not overly soft or salty - nice crunch (just how I like them). The sandwich...I'm sorry I need to collect myself for a moment, I'm getting a little emotional thinking about how good that Reuben was... OK OK I'm good (don't let them see you cry Kris... don't let them see you cry). A masterpiece and a must try. That's all I am going to say guys seriously. If you don't try this Reuben well then that is your loss - because its wonderful!\n\nOne of the best surprises was finding out that they carried Colt Black Cherry Cola. It is a MUST have anytime you are enjoying Pastrami\/smoked meat\/corned beef. My lunch came to $16 and change plus tip and I couldn't be happier or more fulfilled. \n\nIt's official, Pancers not only competes but they are a top player in my books! Perhaps if this is possible maybe I can even forgive the NHL and start watching hockey again... one thing at a time. Sigh... alas I digress. Pounce on Pancers before I do and eat your share of Pastrami.\n\nEatcrest out!