Mr. M & I had tickets to go see Ron White at The Mirage on 9\/2 and since I snagged a coupon from one of those timeshare slickmeisters for a free app at BB King's we thought we'd have dinner here before the show.  Now, based on the reviews I didn't have high expectations, but I saw a couple of items on the menu that looked ok so what the heck.\n\nWe were also slapped with the $5 cover charge by the snotty little hostess.  I tell ya what....I know she probably deals with a lot of crap from the public, but she was NOT NICE.  I saw on her fancy computer that they also have a $15 cover charge button.  For $15 cover the Black Crowes better be on stage and there better be some good secondhand hemp smoke for me to enjoy.  Anyway....she said there would be live music.  Yeah, 40 minutes later there was a good band that came on stage.  A REALLY good band.  But seriously we got to hear 4 songs then had to go.  My theory started then that the owners of this particular BB King's Club are moneygrubbers.  It will be proven as fact later that night.\n\nI was really glad the app was free because it was two beef tamales just like the ones you can find in the freezer at Trader Joe's.  I like the Trader Joe's grub ok, but one of the tamales had sat too long on one side or something in the steam table and it was hard and would have been better used as a shim under our wobbly table leg.  \n\nWe shared the entree and I'm glad we did because it was a huge amount of food.  The pork chop dinner was good all around.  Two moist pork chops, perfectly cooked and seasoned with fresh green beans, real mashed potatoes with the red skins still on, and those baked cinnamon apples were all the dessert we needed.  We both agreed that meal was really good, but the app was terrible.   The steak knife was completely dull.  When I first cut into a chop I thought, \"Oh no, this thing is all dried out and tough\", but it was the knife.  They need some new ones.  Terribly dull.  Thank God we didn't really need it.\n\nOur server was really nice, but like others have said the service is painfully slow.  As I was looking around it seems like the servers have a lot of ground to cover in that joint.  It's pretty big, so maybe that adds to the slowness. \n\nOK.  Take an intermission now.  We went to Ron's show which was hysterical.\n\nThen Ron invited everyone with a ticket back over to BB King's to listen to his wife sing.  Awesome.  We got our table and the server was there lickety split to take our drink order.   For $8 I got a urine sample sized plastic cup with some mediocre red wine and for $9 my husband got a plastic cup full of ice, water, & a splash of Dewars.  I felt like those overpriced drinks were an insult and therefore proved my theory that the owners of this place are moneygrubbers.  Those drinks were like someone wasn't even trying.  Awful waste of money.  The pork chop dinner is 3 stars, and the rest of the evening is a 1.  So they get two.  I will probably never go back to this joint unless the Black Crowes are there.