Let me start off by saying, I wish Yelp didn't require leaving at least one star. My experience at this resort was AWFUL! My boyfriend and I booked a room for this past Saturday. We were out there for spring training so everything was pretty much booked so we thought we had lucked out by finding this place. Unfortunately, we hadn't lucked out at all. The room was pretty nice, but we were placed on the ground floor which sucked. Seems as if everyone wants to hang out and stare inside your room. As far as the room, ceilings are ridiculously high for no reason. The bathroom was big & fancy. Our bed wasn't too bad, but I did find several stains on the sheets (gross!) After checking out the room, my boyfriend and I proceeded to meet my dad upstairs in the casino. We went to the bar to go get drinks when we come to find out that the state of Arizona supposedly no longer accepts vertical licenses from out of state. WTF?! Okay, so basically even if you're over 21, you still cannot purchase alcohol in their state. Funny because I've never had any issue buying it outside of this casino. So the bartender tells my boyfriend, that he's allowed to buy two drinks. Okay fine, we go about our business and start gambling. As the 3 of us are sitting at the slot machines, I feel a large presence behind me. One of their \"security guards\" and his little side kick come up and ask for our IDs. Okay, sure. That's fine, we look young. I'll admit it. The guy proceeds to ask me how I purchased my alcohol. I explained to him what the bartender told us & he said, \"well he was wrong. You can't consume alcohol even if someone else buys it for you.\" Alright AHOLE, this is news to me. So after arguing with him for 10 mins, he walks away to go find the bartender. It gets EVEN better!! Later that night, my boyfriend and I are yet again harassed by their lovely security!! As my boyfriend is sitting at the war table, the waitress asks for his ID to bring him a beer. Mind you, they obviously already checked his ID if the man is sitting and gambling. So he gives her his military ID. The dumb broad says \"oh I can't see the expiration\". I grabbed the ID off her little table and showed it to her. THEN, she says \"well I have to show my manager because it's vertical!\" HELLO!!! It's a military ID. You will not find a horizontal one! So she disappears with ID for 15 mins and comes back with yet again, another security. This time is a female on a power trip. She asks my boyfriend to get off the table to talk to him on the side. Excuse me lady, there's no way he's going to stop his game because YOU want to inconvenience us. So I looked at her & said \"military doesn't come horizontal.\" She gave me an attitude and said \"I'm talking to him about his situation with his ID\". So I said to her \"so my man can die for YOUR country, but he can't have a beer?\" So since my boyfriend refused to get up, she asked for another form of ID and compared the two for 5 mins!!! Eventually, he finally got his beer & she suggested he show his state ID from here on out. Why in the hell should he have to hide his military ID in the back of the wallet just because your casino wants to be pricks about it ? Their security is a serious joke & if they want people to come back, I suggest you learn how to talk to people. Especially people who are sacrificing their lives to provide you with a better tomorrow. Also, if you're going to be such smart asses about the Arizona law, educate ALL of your employees. Your waitress didn't know the difference between an out of state vertical license vs a damn military ID. We damn near asked for a refund. So if you don't mind being harassed, feel free to book your visit! Otherwise, beware that they're extremely rude and anal. Never again will we come back!