I visited this place for the first time with my husband last weekend and was surprised to find that they brew their own beer. I was pretty excited about that and so I ordered the sampler to try them all and she even gave me a small shot of the stout which was not included in the sampler. Most of the beers had pretty good flavor but not enough of it. They were just a little too thin and tasted watered down. Some I liked more than others but really they all were lacking in body. The food is basic bar food: burgers, pizza, a bunch of fried appetizers. Their wings were pretty tasty but everything else was just ok. I don't think the burgers and fries are fresh made in house. I probably would not come here again for the food since it was a pretty boring menu but I might stop in for a pint before watching a movie at the AMC next door. So, here are my thoughts on their beers:\n\nDog Paddle Wheat - It may just have been the power of suggestion since I read the description before tasting but I really did get the notes of coriander in the flavor. This is a nice and light summer beer but I really didn't get a wheat flavor or mouthfeel at all like you would in a hefe. I'd try this one again when it's hot out and probably like it a lot better. I think it would go great with some Mexican food.\n\nFence Jumper - Description says oats were involved but apparently not enough to release any proteins because again it seemed watered down. Flavor was very bland as well but then I'm just not a light beer type of girl. Order this one if you are used to Budweiser. You'll probably like it.\n\nHead to Tail Amber - Well usually amber is my favorite but again there was a lack of flavor and body. I will say that it was a really good balance between the malt and the hops. Not a bad beer just a little too dry for me. Hubby had ordered an Angry Orchard and we did try mixing the two (they offer this as an option on their menu) and we both agreed that was very good!\n\nDog Park Dark Ale - This is a great beer. Really well done. Excellent flavor. I love the deep malty beers though so this is just right up my alley. Again, light body but that's ok because it means you can drink more without filling up! If you like the taste of Guinness but not the heaviness give this a try.\n\nOcean Beach West Coast IPA - I don't really drink IPAs but this one was ok. Not too hoppy so I guess that's why they classified it as west coast. I did get the citrus taste mentioned in the description so I bet this one would be good in the summer, too.\n\nDog's Out Stout - I always love a good stout and this one was no exception. Not too much sweetness there - it was a little dry but still great depth of flavor. Again the body was lacking which was a disappointments since usually stouts have a nice creamy mouthfeel to them.\n\nI ordered a pint of the dark ale and confirmed that this is the best beer of the bunch (to my palate at least). I wouldn't mind drinking any of them again but I wouldn't necessarily seek them out either. I hope they keep working on improving the recipes because at least they are on the right track.