Far be it for me to argue over the quality and price that seems to be the major issues for other yelpers when they visit QJD Peking Duck. BUT I think part of the reason why the reviews have been low is not because quality is low and prices are too high, it's because they're DIFFERENT than what people have come to expect from the locations in China.\n\nThink about it, labour costs, rent, food costs are WAY higher in Canada (especially with minimum wage going up to $14), do you think they have these issues in China? Probably not, and those costs have to go somewhere - that's right the consumer. In China while a Peking Duck feast is prestigious, it is also more culturally the norm, and therefore the raw ingredients are more plentiful locally without having any import costs. And items like Duck are mass produced more so than other farm animals due to popularity and prestige.\n\nLets address the other concern, the quality isn't the same as in China. let me ask you a question if you feel this way: Have you ever had the french fries at McDonalds here in Canada and then gone to the states and had the French Fries down there. They're really super close, but it is different, and coming from Canada we prefer our more salty Canadian versions because it is what we know. But coming the other way Americans complain that our fries are more salty.\n\nThe main ingredient at QJD is Duck. Is it the same Duck as is served in China, no but they've painstakingly vetted every breed and supplier in the area to find a version that is close to what you can expect in China - it's never going to be bang on but it's going to be pretty close. I learned that because Ontario has anti-force-feeding laws now in place (the same methods that are used in Quebec to create fatty duck liver\/Goose Liver for Fois Gras - which is how the ducks are fed in China), we produce a local Duck that is much less fatty than can be expected at the original QJD's in China. Alternatively I learned that while less fatty the ducks here are for more moist and succulent without fat and the meat is more tender than can be expected in original locations.\n\nHaving learned all this I was able to dine at QJD's first Markham location  a couple of weeks ago and have a Peking Duck Feast for the very first time. Result? Insanely, Amazing. The pageantry, the show, the attention to detail - all reminded me of what one could expect when dining at a traditional western steak house where table side service for things like Chateaubriand steak or table side Caesar salads.\n\nWe began with the 4 seasons\/4 colours salad which they mixed and added dressing to at the table, I really loved the colours the freshness AND the crunch from the crispy fried taro crisps. To follow we went right into the duck. The fatty breast which table sugar is poured over is sheer decadence, fat + sugar + crispy skin = coronary heaven. Followed by one of China's national dishes the QJD duck slices arranged on painted china plates in the shape of a flower. Moving on we went to the more traditional serving style with the high quality pancake, radish, onion and yes more duck meat with a little sauce to pull it all together.\n\nOther noteworthy dishes were the deep fried sweet and sour inspired tiger shrimp, the special pork hock stewed soup and an endless steam of new foods to my palate. Each delicious and expertly prepared in their own right, each a delight for my mouth.\n\nSometimes, ignorance can be bliss, and in this instance, yes maybe there is a difference between what guests of QJD Markham experience and pay for vs. what you have come to expect from China, BUT do factor in prices, costs and the fact that we have different methods and standards for the treatment and raising of livestock in this country over others so while they've created an amazing experience, visit knowing that if you've had QJD in China it WILL be more expensive, it IS a special meal out and it will taste close but not exactly as you may have remembered or how you think you remember.\n\nI enjoyed it immensely for what it is, and would gladly return for a half duck all on my own!\n\nEatcrest out!