Hello Bistro is Eat n Park's entry into what they call \"fast casual\" food concept. The menu consists of 3 main items-salads, burgers, and cheese. You can have your salad made to order or choose one of their prepared salads or one of their seasonal specials. I noticed the strawberry salad bears a strong resemblance to the same one currently at Eat n Park. I was told of some subtle differences that this salad has and the regular Eat n Park doesn't.\n\nThey have a variety of different hamburgers including the famous superburger that the Eat n Park chain has. There is a limited selection of cheese for sandwiches. My husband decided to order the superburger with fries. He was given a number so that it could be brought out to him. I decided to try the build your own salad. You pay upfront for this first before they pull the items to build your salad. Certain items are extra such as chicken, shrimp, and avocado. You start by picking the base greens and then you get an unlimited choice of various toppings. You tell them what you want and they will pull your selections into your prep bowl. They did have items such as quinoa as a topping which I thought was different. I like quinoa but it gets mixed in the salad along with everything else.  Then they will mix it up and serve it to you in a huge plastic bowl similar to what you would get at Brugger's bagels.\n\nI chose as my base kale and spinach and had them add a fair amount of my favorite vegetables, The chicken was prepared different ways so you could choose the time you wanted. I went with that. I saw that they had green ice tea available in addition to peach ice tea. If you want a lemon however, then you must ask for it while you are waiting for your salad to be prepared. They also will ask you how much or how little dressing of your choice you want before mixing it all together.\n\nI finally got my finished salad and went back to join my husband. He told me his superburger tasted a bit greasy. The fries come bagged even though we had decided to eat in. I tasted a couple and again nothing particularly outstanding about it. My salad was fair as well. My kale was crunchy and there was a lot of it!  The manager Andy came over to chat with us and I got the opportunity to learn how their concept works. They do offer some farm to table items and compared to Eat n Park's famous salad bar, they offer more here. On the contrary however, when you go to Eat n Park and order the salad bar, if you don't like what is on it then you can get a fresh plate and start again. He also explained that the fries always come bagged since their concept is fast casual.\n\nI did ask about some of the pastries I found on the bar since all they were selling here were mini smiley cookies. He explained to me that since they don't have a bakery they can't carry the same mini bear claws or muffins I normally find over there. They will be carrying soups like tomato and chicken noodle in the fall. Don't look for chili. It is not a popular item here.\n\nI did get the opportunity afterwards to talk a little with the chef and learn how some of the food is prepared. The place was fairly packed by the time we left. Outdoor seating is available. They are just a little more expensive than Eat n Park. They will be opening up another Hello Bistro on Washington Road in Mt. Lebanon in the near future.\n\nThe eatery is located right in the center of the upper part of the new strip mall off of Siena Dr and right around the corner from the Porch at Siena. It is a different concept having them prepare it for me. Nevertheless, I probably will return to the regular Eat n Park for their soup and salad bar where I can make it up any way I choose for a bit less money.