I'm on a business trip here in Arizona and was craving some sushi and happened to see this place. I'm from Hawaii and originally from Japan where both places have lots of sushi places so I'm like the sushi master when it comes to sushi. Ok, maybe not the master but I know my sushi. \n\nThe restaurant is \"kaiten\" (revolving) sushi where the sushi goes around on a conveyor belt and you select what you want. You pay according to plate color. There were a lot of sushi plates with covers going around on the conveyor belt but not a lot of customers. I figured the lone sushi chef might be anticipating a lunch crowd rush since we arrived a bit before noon.\n\nWe were told to sit anywhere and chose the counter. There were no dipping dishes, wasabi or menus on the table and as we were waiting for the waitress to come by the chef asked us if there was a problem. We told her what we were waiting for and she said the waitress would be with us. After getting what we needed, I noticed the menu had a lot of sushi rolls but decided to start with the \"hamachi\" (yellowfin tuna) and ordered it from the chef. I was so disappointed. The fish tasted as if it was previously frozen and that's understandable since this is Arizona but the rice was not sushi rice. It had no flavor. My co-worker got the \"tamago-yaki\" (egg) and he told me to eat the other piece but I refused. He asked me to try a bite and when I picked it up the tamago was paper thin, dry and had no flavor. We decided to leave. The waitress hadn't even brought our drinks yet. When she came with the drinks we asked for the check. \n\nOur bill was $15 including tip for 2 pieces of sushi, 1 soda and 2 green teas. I don't know about other sushi places here but everywhere I've been has always given the tea for free. \n\nThough the ambience does remind me of ethnic sushi places in Japan the sushi misses the mark. If you're looking for authentic sushi this isn't the place. If you want to go for the \"kaiten\" and it's unique experience of being able to select what you want from the belt then give it a try but just know it's nothing special.