DINER HEAVEN \n\nThis is the original location of Dunn's Famous that opened in 1927. It's a diner that serves a little bit of everything. Our mission was to have the smoked meats and poutine. We arrived after 1pm when the Canadians hockey game started up the street. We wanted to plan it that way, so there wouldn't be a wait for a table. I want to say that we timed it perfectly. In fact, it started getting crowded as we were waiting for our food here. The best part is that the game was on the tv and we could enjoy watching it. \n\nOur waiter was Fred and he was really nice. He was able to answer all of our questions and provided excellent service. We started out with two beers for us and a bowl of soup for the little one. I went with a Rickard's Red and my wife had a Coors light. I told her that the Coors was basically Canadian beer since Molson was brewing it up the street using Canadian water. The Coors in Canada has no Rocky Mountain Water in it. \n\nThe soup was really good. Imagine a baked potato that was turned into a creamy soup and then covered with all of the baked potato toppings including cheese and bacon.  The dish is brilliant because baked potatoes come free with entrees and I'm assuming the left over potatoes become soup. I love smart chefs. I do highly recommend the warm soup on a cold day. This soup hit the spot because it was totally cold in Montreal. \n\nI also wanted to try poutine for the first time. I can not believe I've spent my culinary life avoiding this. I really didn't want to eat it in America. I think I wanted my first poutine to be an original and that's why I ordered it here. I also kept it simple by going with the gravy and cheese curds on top of the fries. I must admit that it was really good plus I had to fight my little one when eating these. I find it amazing to introduce brown gravy and curds to a child who instantly falls in love with the dish. I've got a little foodie on my hands. \n\nOur main entree was the Ruben sandwich which was huge. It comes with fries, baked potato or rice. You can always upgrade the side for a price. We went with the onion rings for an additional $3. I figured we had enough fries with the poutine. The sandwich was amazing and it was enough to feed all three of us. It was a double decker served with a pickle, Swiss cheese, thousand island sauce and coleslaw on the side. It was truly delicious. \n\nI also want to share some info about the meat. Montreal is famous for their smoked meats and the process they use really shows in the final product. A Montreal meat is brined for 14 to 20 hours and then smoked for 9 hours. Where an American corned beef is rushed with a brining as short as a few hours and then the meat being steamed for three hours. The Montreal version of corned beef will blow away your foodie senses. The meat is basically a beef brisket and when you order your sandwich you can choose one of three cuts: fatty, medium or lean. We stick to the medium because we want that flavor marbled in the meat. The Montreal smoked meat dates back to the 1890's, so it's a must have. \n\nI highly recommend you get the smoked meats in Montreal. There are several old school places serving it. We choose this place because it's been doing it the longest. I wanted to go to a classic place that's been doing it right for almost 100 years. I can't wait to come back here. This place was a great addition to our culinary tour of Montreal.