The positives:\n\nThe stylist and owner are extremely nice and fun to chat to.  I loved the atmosphere and the vibe. Everyone I encountered was pleasant and I loved the service I received. They're extremely organized and efficient, and seem really on top of the ball when it comes to running the salon.  They also carry lots of great product and gave great recommendations on what to purchase.\n\nIf you have easy hair, then I think they would do a great job on styling. But if you have textured and thicker hair that requires more nuanced thinning and shaping, you may want to try elsewhere. \n\nMy review is based on three visits to the salon (two appointments for cut\/shape and one appointment was also for highlights, and I also returned to the salon after my initial haircut for additional shaping and thinning) and work done by only one stylist.  I don't want you to think that all of the stylists would give you similar experiences and might have been better stylists for what I need. \n\nThe not-so-fab:\n\n I have very thick and wavy hair that easily poofs out, even in the dry and arid Arizona climate. I moved to the Phoenix metro area from NYC and waited for as long as I could before getting my hair cut. I went to the same hair stylist back for six years, a person who knew exactly what to do with my hair and who helped me grow out a horrible haircut. She was also someone who was always extremely honest with me about which styles I could pull off and realistic about which styles she could modify to meet my needs and that would work well with my hair type. \n\nAfter reading all of the glowing reviews for Verde Salon, I thought I had found the perfect Phx replacement to my trusted stylist. I went in for two haircuts and one all over highlight before I felt I needed to give up. I wanted to love the very sweet and well-meaning stylist and hoped to have found trusted hair allies. Sadly, I was gravely disappointed. \n\nWhen I called I asked for a stylist with experience with big hair and someone who was skilled at doing good shaping and styling for thick and wavy hair. I was referred to a new stylist who was not only young and knowledgeable of new styles. She was also someone who was still heavily relying on the owner's guidance and input. I wasn't totally turned off by this and thought that because she was getting help from the owner that my haircut would be well executed. \n\nI went in with a series of photos and asked for a long bob and asked if that would be possible for my thick hair and if it was possible for my hair to be thinned to achieve the style without compromising on the shape and length. I was assured they would make the hairstyle would work for me. \n\nI walked out with a cutely styled haircut but after a few days, I came to find out  that it was extremely difficult to style on my own and the dreaded \"mushroom\" or \"triangle\" effect took hold. You know, when the ends of your hair poof out and nothing (not even hair oil, gel, leave-innconditioner) will help it calm down. \n\nI even purchased the hair products that was used on me during my salon visit but the cut just wasn't right. I even went in a few weeks after the cut for it to be thinned out and I asked for more intense styling. The \"correction\" turned out to not help my haircut at all, even after I had asked for my hair to be thinned out more, and told my stylist why the last haircut did not work well for my hair type, the style just didn't work. It fell flats, didn't look good with my hair wavy and it had very little movement. It reminded me of the blunt haircuts I had received as a child in the early 90s when that style was in fashion. It just wasn't right. \n\nIn short, the same thing (not enough thinning and an ok cut) happened again for my second appointment - I went in hoping for a good trim and nice highlights. Unfortunately, I got a similar haircut that mushroomed out but the highlights were light and warm, but that's where our relationship ended.\n\nI wish I could love Verde Salon but my three or so experiences left me to search for another stylist in the valley.