This place opened in February, on the site of the Yellow Griffin in Bloor West Village. On our first visit they had only been open a few days. While dealing with the usual chaos of opening a new spot, I thought they did really well. The servers were slammed, but were apologetic and very helpful. The manager had a great knowledge about the beers on sale and was very engaging. A return trip was therefore definitely warranted. Visit #1 would have got a 4\/5. \n\nVisit #2 is where things went pear shaped. The previous server\/manager were not there. Instead Mr hipster (tats\/earholes etc etc) was there, as was his boyfriend. The BF was a total hunk, so much so, that the bartender was incapable of service as he was captivated by his dreamboat eyes. Eventually, we asked him if we could have some drinks. He was not happy about this. The nerve - asking a bartender to pour some drinks and interrupting his cuddling session. He reluctantly took the order - furiously googling how to make the cocktails on the cocktail menu. Finally, some progress. But then, sadly, the BF had to leave. Reflecting the intensity of this romance, the goodbye was lengthy. While our partially made drinks were sitting on the bar, he slowly walked the BF to the door (again - the passion is clear here). Not only did he see him out the door, he watched as the hunk walked away, for several minutes, like something out of Hollywood - watching his shadow dissipate in the gently falling snow - beautiful moment really.\n\nHe then returned to the bar and got the drinks. One of the beers was about an inch and a half below the rim. The manhattan was not shaken, he simply googled what a manhattan was, put vermouth, rye and bitters in a glass, and brought it over. No garnish, no ice, no love! I know new places have teething issues, but letting a server like this run your operation unsupervised is lunacy. Management is essential in the early days. Obviously customers need to give a place a chance when new, but having staff on that ignore customers because they are passionately in love, wonderful as that is, just doesn't fly- this guy is hurting what could be a great little business.