So let's get the negatives out of the way right off the hop - it's cozy (aka tiny) so your odds of getting a seat during busier times (especially once this place becomes THE cool spot to be) will be limited. Also, as this is a small shop located in smaller strip mall, the parking is even more limited.\n\nNow that we got all that out of the way, let's get to the reasons you're reading this review! As others have mentioned, it's great to see an indie coffee shop open in Markham - I really don't think I could deal with and BBT spot - sorry, not sorry. And it's good! These guys are basically coffee geeks and I love it! Top of the line brewing machines and methods and they even take great care to ensure that their ratios (water to bean) are perfect - they were weighing the coffee and water before making my latte!\n\nI ordered a latte with an extra shot of espresso - so it had a serious jolt to it! Usually I find Lattes to be more focused on drowning out the coffee with excessive milk, wacky flavours and designs in an effort to distract you from how shitty what you're drinking is (ahem - starbucks take note). This latte was the real deal, bold coffee flavour, perfect level of bitter balanced with milk and no flavours needed! \n\nThey're apparently famous for their matcha white chocolate chip cookies and given that match is all da rage... I raged and got one. Matcha isn't my fave but this was actually really really good. The white chocolate and the cookie base combined to level out that chalkiness that matcha can sometimes create in your mouth. This was defo more cookie flavour than green tea powder.\n\nAfter sipping and snacking I knew I was gonna need a lunch... so I ordered breakfast. Yep, this place also doubles as an all day breakie\/brunch spot. I went with their open faced pork belly omelette and let me tell you, wow just wow. The pork belly and cheese were cooked perfectly and served atop an open omelette in a tiny black skilled very cool. I do have to say though, the omelette portion was undercooked and still runny and as an expert home omelette maker - that's a disgusting no-no for me and something the staff should be aware of. It can also be a health risk if part of the uncooked egg has something wrong with it. \n\nGreat spot though with free wifi and a lot of passion behind the counter. You'll find me here regularly now when I'm in need of a stiff caffeinated beverage and some keyboard time!\n\nEatcrest Out