So let me start with saying that I love my townhouse.  The place is very dog friendly, most of the people here are very nice and the neighborhood is generally pretty quiet.  So I have lived here for about 6 months and most of my experiences have been pretty good, but there has been some things have bothered me a bit.  So let me start with the Pros.\nPros:\n-The property is beautiful with 2 nice greenbelts.\n-When moving into my apartment, the staff was very friendly and spent a lot of time with me looking at different locations.\n-The town homes are gorgeous inside and are very well insulated.  (my electric bill in the summer was only 125 max while running my AC at 76.)\n-There are brand new stainless steal appliances, with granite counter tops and an island.\n-There is a brand new gym with great equipment.\n-The property is dog friendly with doggy stations for their waste.\n-Very quiet neighborhood\n-in a great location\n-There is 1 pool that is very nice and 2 jacuzzi's (one that fits like 30 people) and the jacuzzi's are always heated.\n\nNow for the cons.  \nCons:\n-I feel like the rent is too expensive despite the area and I don't think that it is worth 1500 for a small 2 bedroom apartment.  \n-you are required to pay $75 for cox basic cable and internet whether you want the service or not.\n-We were promised a lot of things that we did not receive such as a dog park, an outdoor movie theatre and massages and facials from an outsourced company.  (we have the massage and facial room in the gym, but no services for it.)\n-The employees are very nice, but I feel like when I have a complaint, it just goes in one ear and out the other.  \nEX: There is a round about in the complex, but not that many people seem to follow it and just make a left or right without following the round about. I have almost been hit 3-4 times and when I told the front office they seemed very worried about the situation and said that they would send an email to all residents, but nothing seemed to come from it.  \n-We were told that we were going to get barbecues the week I moved in (back in June 2014), and we just got them in a few weeks ago. The barbecues are also very cheap charcoal with no top, kind of like what you would use at a public park and I feel that for what everyone pays for rent, we should have better barbecues.  \n-This isn't really a big con, but the neighborhood is a gated community (kind of) but the front gate is open during all business hours\n\nLike I said, I enjoy living in my apartment, I just think that there is a lot of room for improvement.