La Frontera is the surprise find of the decade for me. In a city full of street side taco trucks, you'd never think that one would be so tremendous, but there is a reason La Frontera's truck is in the same place every day of the year. It's un-flipping-believably good. \n\nUpon first inspection, La Frontera is a mangled parking lot full of haphazardly parked cars, a few bums walking by every now and then, and a lot of neighborhood folks. The unassuming \"restaurant\" is made up of folding tables and chairs, a blue tarp as a sunscreen, and a truck full of awesomeness. The menu has all the Sonoran Mexican favorites like tacos, tortas, burritos, quesadillas, and chicharonnes. One will order at the counter using as much broken Spanish as possible, while the employee uses as much broken English as possible. Eventually you will find a medium, and you'll complete your order of amazing. When your number is called in Spanish, you'll get your order along with the typical limes, radishes, cucumbers, and salsas. Upon request, they have grilled jalapenos available at no charge. \n\nThe food here is truly fantastic. The tortillas they use are fresh, homemade, gooey flour tortillas. Their meat is grilled to perfection and marinated exquisitely, which is something you very rarely find in a Mexican street food shop. My pick is the Burrito de Carne Asada, a large flour tortilla teeming with hot grilled beef, beans, salsa rojo, onions, and a bit of cilantro. If you're a taco lover, you'll love the barbacoa beef tacos, a Mexican style BBQ meat with an almost briny, indescribible taste. Wash your meal down with one of their many bottled Mexican sodas, and consider yourself lucky that you got to try one of the finest examples of Mexican street food in the state. I'm so spoiled now and hold just about every burrito in town to this standard... which has led to many disappointments.\n\nBe forewarned that La Frontera is cash only, and basic knowledge of Spanish is recommended, though not necessary. Just remember these phrases and you'll be good \"Burrito de carne asada, con todo\" \"para llevar\" \"es todo\" and remember your number. You'll never desire any other burrito from America's again, they just don't hold a candle to La Frontera, especially at twice the price.