I'll start by saying that I stopped in here because it's close to my home and I was completely out of Ejuice.  I needed something to get me through until my next big online purchase.  This review is based on the customer service I received.\nI was greeted by a nice young man, who showed me to the \"tasting table\".  I was then promptly left alone for my entire visit, and not helped again until I made my purchase at the register.\nI understand that many people simply want to be left alone to look around in a store and not hassled by employees.  I totally understand that.  However, there is a difference between making sure your customers are taken care of (whether they want to be left alone or not), and completely ignoring them.  That's how I felt when I was there; ignored.  I would have appreciated someone stopping by every now and then to see how I was doing, to see if I needed anything, to maybe ask me how I was finding their flavors.  Trust me I would have had a few questions for them.\nThere were at least 5 employees during my visit, and maybe 5 customers.  Any one of the employees had every opportunity to check in on me, but didn't.  I understand that I could have gone up to any of them and asked a question, but they seemed so involved in their own conversations, it didn't feel very comfortable.  There's something to be said for acknowledging your customers, for shooting a smile or a nod their way, and for occasionally asking them if they're doing ok.\nWhen I found a juice I liked, I told one of the sales associates and they said all they had left was either 0% or 2.4mg nicotine.  I said I usually vape 1.2mg or 1.8mg, and he left to go fill the 0% with some nicotine.  He came back, rang it up at the register, and said it would be about $17.  I paused for a moment, as all I wanted was a $10 15ml bottle.  I wasn't informed of any specials, deals or discounts, and when I tried to check the Facebook page for a discount, the guy informed me that because it was not their own Ejuice that I couldn't use a discount anyway.  That would have been nice to know beforehand.  He didn't really offer me any options or try to engage me to try and see if there was something else I might be more interested in.  I felt inclined to make the purchase because he had already adjusted the nicotine level of the bottle.  I paid for the juice, walked out, and felt sort of bamboozled.\nLater at home I checked out their Facebook, web, and Yelp pages, and found all sorts of discounts, deals and check-ins.  On their Yelp page, for example, I saw \"Receive a Free 15ml E-Juice with Any $20 Purchase!\"  For an extra $3, I would have loved to get a free 15ml bottle of anything!  That would have been a very easy way to get $3 more out of me, and I would have happily paid it for a free bottle of juice.  I would have liked to have been informed of all these in the store, and at the very least told about how the frequent member card worked, what it was, how to sign up for it using the in-store tablet, and what it gives me.  He could have at least informed me that because the discounts don't work on this juice, I might want to try some more of their own mixes to get a better deal.  \nHaving worked in retail, I saw so many customer servicing opportunities for a sales associate to offer me assistance, inform me on their products, up-sell me on an item, or even just ask how my day was going.  Nobody asked me if I currently vaped, if I knew how any of this stuff worked, if I was a current\/former smoker, or if I was even looking for something in particular.  If I wanted a 0% level of customer service I could have just stayed home and made an online purchase where I got more for my money.  I feel like people go into brick-and-mortar stores instead of the Web exactly for that reason, to receive some customer service.  I'm happy with my vape, and that's fine, but if that's the level of service I can expect at Puff Vapors, I might not be inclined to go back.\nI'll say that I was really expecting a lot more.  I felt like I was in a self-serve shop, and that even upon my exit that I was more of a nuisance to be checked out real quick instead of engaged into learning more about their products and deals.