I'm part of the group that dined with Fei W. but wanted to share my experience as well. \n\nSo I'm a casual resident of Charlotte, NC due to my husband living out there for his work, and a couple of my friends came down to visit for the weekend. 5church is really close to his apartment, so we stopped there for drinks and appetizerss to start our night. \n\nLike Fei mentioned, the restaurant wasn't technically open for another 5 minutes, and I made some stupid joke about how we're willing to help ourselves to the back of the bar if we needed to. Maybe that set them off, but it was pretty clear I was kidding. Anyway, they said no tables were available, but we can sit at the bar. I checked on opentable because I could not believe all 5pm reservations would be taken (Where are these people with the reservations? Are they all late? It was already 4:55pm... Where's the mad rush of people trying to get in for their reserved table?) and lo and behold, a 5:30pm reservation was available. I went back to the hostess station and told her that we actually have a table now, and wanted to let her know that we are happy to hang out at the bar until the table is ready. She barely looked at me while I was talking to her, played with her touch screen reservation system and said, rather coldly, \"Are you ready now to be seated?\" I told her yes, and she took us upstairs.\n\nOk that struck me as kinda odd. Why were were all the way upstairs, when the main room was totally empty? Are we not worthy to be seen through the windows by the passerby? \n\nI will say, though, that our server was excellent and the food we ordered was amazing. We ordered hummus, quinoa tabbouleh, beet slider, foie gras ravioli, fries, and i think the chickpea salad, as well as an array of cocktails, wine, and beer. We were very happy with the food and drinks and with our server, which is why this review gets 3 stars. \n\nWhen we left, I went up to the hostess table and asked what was the issue with the reservation. By then, I believe the owner was there (Patrick Whalen), and he informed me that there was a glitch in opentable and they told them not to book any more tables. I can't remember if he apologized or not for the confusion, but then he made a joke about how it was actually because they didn't really want us there. I laughed (but didn't think it was funny...retribution for my bad joke?) and said \"Yeah I could tell.\" We did tell him the food was great, but left it at that, and walked out. \n\nBottom line, I havent decided if I'd come here again, but the food is that good to make me even consider it. If I have another experience, I'll be sure to update my review.