Open your mouth and let me shove this killer breakfast joint's food in your face! Ya...that good. The date was Mothers day and it was packed! My Wife made reservations well in advance and when we arrived we had to wait. We waited 30+ minutes. Big fucking deal. Put your snappy chat, instagram and twitter down and spend some time....you know, talking and hugging it out with your Family. The Restaurant brought out Mimosa's to the hungry and thirsty. I thought they handled themselves well considering the mob and the special day! All that aside, yelp is not about your rude waitress, the slow cook time. We want to know about the food. Every Chef, cook, hostess and waiter\/waitress is bound to have a bad day. Please stop bitching about that stuff. Get down to the food. We had a large group and here is a list of everything I actually tasted.\n\nLemon Ricotta Pancakes - Awesome. Buttery, Lemony, Crisp and Soft edges with moist middle. Almost my favorite ever. Served with a delicious Lemon ricotta topping.\n\nCanolli Donut - Excellent. I would expect canolli creme to be fantastic coming from a Tomasso. \n\nCarne Asada Hash Skillet - Perfectly marinated flat iron with two perfectly poached eggs. Very flavorful on a bed of hash brown cubes potatoes, they could have been crispier and green chilis.\n\nOreo Pancakes - Delicious in their own right, did not taste much like an OREO. That being said, they were still cream worthy. ya, know...OREO cream worthy.\n\nCarrot Cake Pancakes - Damn good. Like if Upper crust bakery from the long ago Timothy's decided to make pancakes. The crispy fried carrots on top was spot on, different and texturally tasty.\n\nLamb Hash - Bomb. Period. If you love lamb don't miss this. Juicy seasoned lamb with poached eggs and browns. Good Shit!!\n\nSmoked salmon Benedict. Really, should I go on. Excellent!!\n\nLastly.... Fruity Pebble Yogurt Breakfast Popcicles. Holy Shit Fred. What a fun and tasty way to start a breakfast. Not filling and full of flavor. I never thought it would work but those pops blew me away. Like a palleta pop thats creamy, a bit tangy from the yogurt and sweet and crispy. Yah, it's good.\n\nThat's it. I did not taste one thing that was meh. All food exceeded my expectations. The owner was out and he was very accomodating considering how busy he was. He was funny, relaxed and a small part of why my Family will be back. Can't wait. Fortunate they are right down the road from my house. My waiter. who my Wife said was a manager...I don't know how...was really good. He actually came back and thanked me for my tip. I think he was stunned, I was hoping that if I made him happy, since he made me and my Family happy, that mood would transcend to other diners waiting in the mad house. \n\nCheers