This review is for Dr. Glyman, there is no separate listing for the actual business or Dr. Glyman for this location. \n\nMy orthodontist referred me to Dr. Glyman for an extraction of 4 teeth. They were not wisdom teeth, they were extra teeth, extraction was a last resort but alas, they had to come out since my mouth is too small. \n\nI scheduled my consultation appointment with Dr. Glyman last month for 7:30 a.m., the downside of this location, they don't give you a courtesy call to remind you about your appointment, so I got there late, I waited an hour to be seen. You can save time by filling out all the forms online, that way when you get to the office, they'll only need your signature on the paperwork. The receptionist is not very friendly, she doesn't greet you when you walk in. The assistants on the other hand, total opposite, they're always very friendly. Dr. Glyman himself is quick but friendly, courteous, and polite, he assured me that it would be an easy procedure and that I had nothing to worry about. His assistant let me know that they'd give me a call in two weeks to schedule my appointment, they had to get authorization from my insurance first. Sure enough, I got that call two weeks later and scheduled the appointment. \n\nI was extremely nervous the day of my oral surgery, I had to be put to sleep. For the oral surgery, I had to go to the Flamingo location since the appointments for the Summerlin location were already taken. The receptionists at the Flamingo location are very friendly and they give you a courtesy call the day before your appointment, Summerlin office, take note. I was called back within 10 minutes of arriving for my appointment, they made sure I hadn't eaten anything for 8 hours, checked my vitals, Dr. Glyman came in to make sure I was ready, they stuck an IV in my arm, turned on the anesthesia and next thing I know, I woke up in a wheelchair toothless. The procedure felt like it took a minute but it actually took an hour. I felt drowsy the entire day, so I slept and didn't wake up till later on in the night. Dr. Glyman's assistant did give me a call in the afternoon to make sure I was doing fine, that was nice of her. When I woke up, I had no pain whatsoever so I didn't touch any of the painkillers that Dr. Glyman prescribed, I only took the antibiotic. \n\nI had my follow up appointment at 8:00 a.m. today, Dr. Glyman said everything looked great so I could stop taking the antibiotic, I left his office at 8:06 a.m, so I suggest you set an early appointment if you want to get in and out quick. I'm really happy with the office and the painless procedure. I will have to come back to see him again after my orthodontic treatment since I have an impacted wisdom tooth, but I have no hesitation in coming back.