Came here back in June for the Britney Spears concert with my daughter. Not the best accoustics, but still a fairly nice venue. This was the most bizarre concert I've ever attended. It's not the venue's fault, but it was a weird experience. We sat in the unfixed seats in the back, just above the first level. An older couple sat next to us because the wife used a cane. First of all, I thought I would have been the oldest person there, I'm 41, but this couple was in their mid to late sixties. I heard the man tell his wife to sit the f*ck down...nice guy, right? During the opening act & the Nicki Minaj portion of the concert, he kept looking through his binoculars at them...EW. Then Britney came out. He danced as well as he could being old, white & sitting down. Again, he ogled Britney & her dancers through his binocs. Some poor girl had the misfortune of walking past then stopping in front of them on the walkway just above the top row of seats in the lower section. They yelled at her and told her to, \"Get the f*ck out of the way!!\". She left, quite bewildered at being verbally assulted by a couple of old geezers at a Britney Spears concert. The part of Britney's show came in which she asks a male member of the audience to come on stage and dance with her. The fool old man was waving his hand wildly in the air, like a the kiss-ass smart kid in your elementary school class kind of hand raising! Fortunately for everyone in that arena, she picked a younger, better looking man....phew! About 10 minutes later, a group of 4 girls decided they wanted to dance where the first girl had earlier got her ass verbally handed to her by Mr. & Mrs. Hemorrhoid.  Again, they yelled obscenities at the girls, he pushed one of them and the wife was pushing them with her cane! The girls asked my daughter & I if we minded if they moved in front of us. We told them it was fine, we could still see just fine. Then one of the girls told the man that it was not OK to hit a woman. He says, \"I didn't hit you, I pushed you!\"...wow. Sorry girls, he's taken!