The apartment complex where I have lived for the last three and a half years and I am leaving later this month.\n\nThe grounds are very well cared for and the maintenance staff does a good job of keeping things up to snuff with one major exception. The security gates (the management calls them 'traffic control' gates for liability reasons) don't work most of the time. For three months last year, they were down due to a lightning strike. I don't know the reason they're currently not working for two months as of this post.\n\nWe've had limited crime here and I won't try and blame them for that. It's a relatively isolated neighborhood despite being in west Charlotte. There was a stolen Char-Meck undercover police car and a car that was set on fire (with a gunshot victim in the trunk!). Google \"courtney ridge stolen police car\" for the former and \"car fire courtney ridge\" for the latter. Otherwise, the usual random stuff you'd get in any big city.\n\nLots of green space for dog walking and exercising, plus a pool and fitness area that are always in good shape. Parking is usually not a problem either and they've been good about shoveling sidewalks during the snow. Streetlights that go out are replaced quickly.\n\nNeighbors are pigs sometimes, as it seems that putting their trash into the dumpster is too much effort and it tends to back up onto the sidewalk. That's rare but irritating. Most of the time, the place is very quiet and I was very surprised at how little noise carries over from the airport, which is nice and close.\n\nThe first dinged star is the noise from upstairs. I've dealt with four different people up there in my 3+ years and with one exception, I've heard them all. I've complained a few times directly to the neighbors and once to the management, but it is simply thin walls\/floor. If noise is a problem for you, consider one of the top level units or one that does not have an upstairs.\n\nAnd the second demerit. Despite being a tenant in good standing for 3.5 years and I am relocating out of the area involuntarily for work reasons, they are sticking to the letter of the lease, asking for me to pay the entire 60 days, even though I'm vacating after less than 30.  (They actually tried to hit me with a -90- day penalty, but realized that they made a mistake and I never actually signed that lease.) Shame.\n\nWould I rent from them again? No.