I left this place feeling EMOTIONAL. I mean, it was like I had met my long lost family. Then, I find out that our family trade has been cured meats. I was welcomed with open arms and was quickly educated on the family trade. I was sad to have left my family and I will definitely be back with honed charcuterie board skills and an increased knowledge on cured meats and aged cheeses.\n\nDuring our trip to Vegas. I had researched some restaurants and Cured&Whey caught my eye due to the truffle grilled cheese. Non negotiable, I added it on the list. Little did I know this place was more than that. My friends had looked it up right before we went and we realized they also had charcuterie. (Charcuterie you say?... as my ears perked up but wary of overpriced boards.)\n\nWe head to the place - located in a warehouse area. So keep your eyes banana peeled. I figured maybe they're a lunch spot since they're only open 10AM-5PM on weekdays. We get inside this quaint looking deli with one large table that could seat maybe 8 people and a smaller table. There were 3 of us, so we decided to get the non negotiable truffle grilled cheese, duck Reuben, and a charcuterie board for two. We asked what comes in it and they said whatever you want. So, one way of doing it is just adding the meats and cheeses you want or asking for the more expensive things. We decided to leave it up to the experts with this guidance: if we can get it at a normal grocery store, we don't want it.\n\nWe got seated and waited for our food. A small little 3oz mug of zuppa toscana was brought out to wet the palate. Our truffle grilled cheese came out in about 10 minutes or less. It was amazing. I'm not sure what cheeses were in there, but wow. One of the cheeses was so thick that I had asked if there was chicken in that bih. It came sliced to share, but one sandwich is definitely enough for one person. About 15 to 20 minutes later, our beautiful and huge board came out. These were not measly portions of cheese and meat. These were real portions (see pics because it did happen). We were walked through the featured meats and cheeses and we dove in. As we were eating, they would come check on us and see how we were doing. As we gave real time feedback on the meats\/cheeses, they would bring us a few cuts of meats that would impress us based on our comments. By a few cuts, I mean they were giving like 4-6ish slices which is basically how all the basic scrubs serve charcuterie. At this point, I felt like family. Therefore, I will stop using \"they\" and I will refer to them as the fam.\n\nSo the fam just keeps stunning our palate with these amazing samples of cuts. Because the board was so beautiful, I asked the fam - could you teach us how to make the meat look like this? The fam delivered bruh. So she came in and brought a stack of meats for us to practice on. She showed us the technique of \"rosette\"ing. It took a few tries but we got some real time free coaching from the fam. It was as if they said, \"Jan- our family has been doing this for generations. Come embrace your heritage.\"\n\nAt this point we have a solid amount of meat and cheese to conquer. And the owner of the fam business- Michael asked them to bring us the duck ham. As we had the duck ham, the fam explained that that's what they put in the duck Reuben. (!!) We had ordered a duck Reuben fam!! Then the fam was like oh you did? Ok we'll get that right out for you. Michael then told us once we're ready, he would take us on a tour of the coolers\/freezers. It turns out that the main business is a meat distribution to the nearby hotels, but they're expanding as Cured & Whey. Now it makes sense, I knew I was missing some wine with my charcuterie. But I'm sure the fam would have been cool if we brought some wine to share ;). Anyway, the duck Reuben came out - also amazing. \n\nAfter we had finished our meals, Michael shows us the amazing collection of meats and cheeses in the back, ranging from Foie Gras to 350lb wheels of cheese. It's a stunning family run operation with only 11 employees. Michael comes with almost 20 years of experience in the kitchen - and it shows. It shows in the food served at Cured&Whey and it shows in his knowledge of the foods he distributes. \n\nAfter all of this, we decide we can't leave without a piece of the fam with us. So we end up bringing some meats and cheeses home. One of us in particular was tasked by his immediate family to buy a variety of meats and cheeses worth $100. The fam delivered with very little guidance. On top of that, they asked how long our flights were and gave us cooling materials that would suffice. The $100 package was given a cooler with ice packs. I only brought about 1 pound of meat back so one icepack in a plastic bag was sufficient. It was like leaving with packed food from grandmas house.\n\nThis place is truly amazing and one of a kind. Thank you Cured&Whey fam. I will be back and this will be the single most thing I recommend to my friends in Vegas.