Well this is a problem! JG's got a new addiction! I am not even a coffee addict but happened to need a pick me up yesterday afternoon. Had been wanting to try Dutch Brothers should the need arise for a nice iced coffee on a hot summers day. So I went and to my delight, had the most delicious cup of iced coffee one could ever possibly dream of. I ordered the double chocolate mocha \"skinny\" and it was undoubtedly the best cup of coffee I have ever had. Starbucks can suck it! I ordered an iced cocomo \"skinny\" for my boss and she seemed to really enjoy it and a caramelo (whatever the f it is called) for my co worker and she said it was ridiculously good. That's huge coming from her because she is really picky when it comes to coffee. Anyways, the staff was super friendly, fun, and helpful. The price was great (4.00 for a medium coffee tax included and the cup was pretty large), and I love that they offer punch cards and give you a punch for every cup of coffee you order. After about 6, you get a free cup and keep in mind that Tuesdays are double punch!\nI foresee this location (literally 2 miles away from where I work) being a potential problem, yet a blessing for me. Caffeine does bad things to me... I get the shakes, get jittery and my legs start moving uncontrollably and violently like I am having a bad episode of restless leg syndrome. However, I do get my work done super quick and do stupid things with more energy and a smile on my face!!! Yes, when I am coming down from my \"high,\" I feel kinda crappy but heck, this coffee is so amazing that I am willing to deal with the after affects. You must try Dutch Brothers!\n\nOther tips: I wasn't sure if they took credit cards but confirmed on my visit yesterday that they do in fact take them. Also, this place is a walk up or drive thru, there is no indoor seating. They actually are really quick too for a place that you can see grinds each cup of coffee fresh. \n\nKeep the locations coming Dutch Bros, I want you to put that godforsaken Starbucks out of bidness and I believe it is highly possible!