DELICIOUS EGGPLANT PARMESAN SUBS\n\n  I'll take Verrazano over the Subway. Verrazano is a New York pizzaria and sub restaurant named after the World famous suspension bridge connecting Brooklyn to Staten Island. It is a slice of the Big Apple in Bright Light City. It is not their New York pizza but their delicious New York style eggplant parmesan sub that has kept me returning. \n\n  This Verrazano is located at the southwest corner of Eastern and Windmill in the Smith's-anchored shopping center. As soon as you step inside the small restaurant, you leave Las Vegas for a mom and pop pizza shop. The white walls are covered with pictures of New York City memorbelia. The red booths resemble the New York pizzaria. The scent of baking pizza permeates the small restaurant. The owner, an older man with a grey mustache reminds me of a New York pizzaria owner east of the Hudson River. \n\n  I have been a regular the past couple of months. The first time I dined here was on a Saturday evening after work.  I made the trip for the eggplant parmesan sub. At the time, they were out of it. So, I went for two slices of New York style pizza with mushrooms. The pizza was good and could give some New York pizzarias a run for the money. The owner was personable referring to me and his customers as \"friend.\" He only charged me for the lunch special. A week later, I made another attempt to try their eggplant parmesan sub. They were not out. This is the equivalent of a New York eggplant parmesan sub with thick slices of egg plant, mouth watering melted parmesan cheese, and toasted bread. It was so delicious that I'd return a few more times. When the owner was here he'd greet me by saying, \"hello friend.\" He'd only charge 50 cents for the fountain Pepsi. Usually the hero took ten minutes, which was well worth it. I'd entertain myself looking up at the overhead TV which played anything from basketball to Cops or looked down at the free Las Vegas newspapers or my phone. The baking that took place in the kitchen put a nice potpourri throughout the room. The last time I returned here, the same owner that called me friend on past visits, didn't greet me or talk to me. When I walked in somebody else took my order and when I handed my Pepsi cup to the owner for a top off, he didn't say anything to me. And this time, I overheard him telling a customer that they ran out of pizza slices. At any rate, I don't visit Verrazano for commaderie.  I make the trip here for one of the dearest foods in my life: the eggplant parmesan sub. \n\n  I am a fan of the delicious eggplant parmesan sub. Disparate from Subway and Port of Subs where they seem to be in almost every major shopping mall, there are currently few restaurants in Las Vegas that serve eggplant parmesan subs. How many New York pizzarias are there in Vegas? There are only a percentage of this small number that serve eggplant parmesan subs. On account of the fact that  Verrazano is one of the few restaurants serving eggplant parmesan subs, someday I plan to return for more.