Pomo is hands down the ONE pizza that I crave with a vengeance. About a year ago I set out to try other up and coming pizzerias in the valley and try my own sort of self proving standard against what I thought was the ultimate high bar that Pomo had unknowingly set.. a complete ten on the pizza level in my world of taste buds. I have yet to find it here. There are some truly great pizzerias here in Phoenix and Scottsdale, don't get me wrong! BUT none of them compare to Pomo. The crust is what makes the pizza here so delightfully perfect in ones mouth! The crust on every pizza I've had here has an authenticity hard to find outside of Italy. Oh wait!  They have that special authentic Naples seal, after all!:  The APN, Associazione Pizzaiuoli Napoletani and the VPN , Verace Pizza Napoletana. Do the research on those earned and coveted culinary seals and you will see that they are true Naples, Italy certifications for amazing! My very favorite pizza is the Pizza Chef. A white pie of prosciutto, basil, mushrooms, parma cheese and crema all topped on that amazing crust that is perfect and crisp to the bite. AND, I can't resist always starting with the Affettati Misti, Pomo's charcuterie and Italian cheese board that comes olives and their amazing house made bread. Don't be taken aback if you find yourself having to wait for a table. You likely will. While you wait, Pomo has a great, yet small, bar and an amazing bartender too. David will figure out your wants for libations and make sure you are happy ! The wine list is awesome here. The Italian cocktails are unique and fresh. Who doesn't like an Italian mojito because it has prosecco added?! The patio here is fun and dog friendly; there are sometimes Italian Vespas parked out front to look at .. or jazz up your Instagram feed! Sometimes after perusing the PHX Public Market, I have found myself on the Pomo patio for an afternoon cocktail and lunch! I have always been too full to partake in any of the desserts here at Pomo.. I keep promising myself to box up some of the pizza and order a Panna Cotta! Know that you will be treated very well by Pomo staff and the management, as well. If you are here in the evening, it is not out of the ordinary to get a gratis Limoncello to top off your amazing meal. It is house made and served in a shot glass. Not to be taken like a shot because it is to be savored like the delight it is: lemony and creamy. The fried pieces of dough doused in sweet sugar are pretty good to finish off the meal too. The vibe here is friendly, fun and trendy. Worth the wait for amazing pizza! My very favorite pizza quite possibly.. outside of Italy! Whats better .. they are legit Italians here!