Wicked Spoon is wicked huge!  First, take everything you thought you knew (or hated) about AYCE buffets and toss it out the door.  This is the classiest buffet I've ever been too.  At $35 for dinner it's not cheap, but I imagine the typical value seeker with a big appetite could get his\/her monies worth.\n\nUnfortunately, we came in when the group was not only starving, but also a tad boozed up on fruity rum drinks (or at least I was).  So of course, I ordered a glass of wine I didn't need from their extensive wine list and proceeded to stare at it through most of the dinner while my stomach flipped over on itself.\n\nThe buffet was great though and I wish I had been in a better state to enjoy.  A big plus was the price\/quality keeping the Circus Circus families away and their kids' hands out of the industrial sized vats of mashed potatoes (which this place was far too classy for).  Most of the entree type dishes came in individual serving cups and were truly chef inspired.  My favorite little dish was shrimp and grits, but I also had some tasty salmon and risotto, Asian salad, and spicy mac n cheese.  But fear not buffet mashed potato lovers!  They have those as well (sans grubby kids' hands all over them, and they were delicious).  Also lots of salads, grilled veggies, pizza, etc etc etc.\n\nMoving onto dessert was almost a form of torture.  They looked so good and I was just.....so.  FULL.  But I rallied behind my stomach and went for it anyway, selecting banana bread pudding, strawberry shortcake, and carrot cake (all in manageable portions, of course).\n\nOnly downside really was the buffet's situation in the Cosmopolitan.  You wind through a casino, up an escalator, through yards and yards of seemingly empty\/useless space before you see signs of life at the buffet.  Maybe it's meant to add to the \"this place has glitter and jewels and endless amounts of space!\" sort of opulance we've all come to know and love in Vegas.\n\nIf you're not a typical buffet fan, I urge you to check this one out.  Just avoid the fruity rum drinks prior to.