We went to Kaya last Saturday for a late dinner.  I set up our reservations online and being a Saturday 8:45 was the earliest unless we wanted to eat with the early birds at 5pm.  I really like the convenience of scheduling reservations online.  When we arrived at the restaurant it wasn't overly busy.  There were a few open tables and a few open spots at the bar.  The Pens game was on, but the one TV I saw was too far away from the table to see.  That's ok, I was really looking forward to this place so concentrating on my meal seemed to trump my attention to the game...  \n\nWell I knew already I wanted to try the wings, and they didn't disappoint.  I absolutely loved the cilantro sauce they were served with. It really heightened the wings to a more sophisticated flavor.  I wanted to ask for extra sauce but we actually ended up finishing them before our waitress returned.  Recommend the wings.  Now as far as the entrée went I really, really wanted to get the fish tacos.  I love a good fish taco and everyone talks highly of Kaya's so I was sure I couldn't go wrong.  However, my H talked me out of getting the tacos and trying something \"new.\"  As he put it \"you know what fish tacos are like, try something else.\"  So I did, and I can confidently say I was really, really disappointed to say the least.  I got the tropical Paella that had chicken, chorizo, mussels, scallops, shrimp, some pineapple flavor with peas and crushed red pepper.  Ugh I thought this would be delicious considering I am a seafood junkie and it just missed the mark completely.  The chicken and chorizo were totally overcooked and the rice resembled the flavor and texture of Rice A Roni, yes it was that bad and bland.  I found no scallops and there was no sauce to the dish to soak the mussels in meaning dry, dry, dry.  The only part of it that was tasty was the shrimp.  I am guessing they cook up the paella in advance for dinner then reheat it and add fresh shrimp?  Well that was how it tasted... So get this, my H who talked me out of ordering the fish tacos, ordered them for himself, a move I was not anticipating.  A few bites into my dinner and I just said to him, I really don't like this at all.  He offered to swap dinners with me so I had almost 2 whole tacos, and yes folks they were delicious, and way to take one for the team dear!  I knew I should have just went with my gut and got the tacos from the get go.  As for the rest of the Paella he did eat it but grudgingly and had the same opinions about it as I had, not good and definitely not worth $24.00.  \n\nSo cool place, good drinks, pleasant atmosphere, attentive servers, but I would never recommend the Paella.  The fish tacos, YES, the paella, NO...