Bless you, online scheduling. \n\nThis summer I needed a last-minute haircut and remembered seeing several good reviews for Bang. I moseyed on over to their website and was able to see that they had an open appointment with Lyndsy for the next day, so I sent a mental apology to my always-booked stylist and decided to cheat with a new salon. \n\nThe shop can be a little hard to find the first time (follow the scissors on the sidewalk and then turn left once you get in the door), but I was pleased to find a nice, bright, modern space. I was welcomed and taken back to a chair to discuss my hair. Lyndsy did a great job of listening to what I wanted, what I absolutely didn't want, and getting a background of my grooming habits and skills. I walked out with a wonderful haircut that suited me and that looked the same the next day to weeks later. It wasn't just a trim either - it was a transformation from having almost waist-length hair to a cut that came just above my shoulders. \n\nThe online scheduler saved me again when my short cut (something I haven't had in probably a decade) felt like a bushy mess seemingly overnight. It still looked great due to the excellent cut, but it was long enough to flip out at the ends and feel like it was poofing out. I was once again able to get a next-day cut before heading out for vacation. \n\nPrices are very affordable for a modern salon and they've got the most aesthetically pleasing product line I've ever seen. I love the scent of the products that have been used on my hair, and the UV protection spray I got spritzed with on my last visit somehow kept my hair from becoming its usual greasy mess by the next morning. Magic! They sell several \"try me\" sizes, so I'll have to see if they have that to explore if it was a fluke or the product I've needed all my life. \n\nLong story short, I'm not ready to break up with my longtime stylist, but it's good to have another hair wizard I can trust, especially with the increased maintenance a short cut requires.