Price was much more important to me than the dealer's reviews, but I do wish I'd read the reviews first. Overall service was pretty poor. \n\nI made two trips: one just to test drive, the second to buy. Both times I had an appointment. The first time I was four minutes late (yes, my bad) and the salesman apparently went to lunch or something and kept me waiting for 25 minutes. After that the service was good. \n\nSecond time I was greeted right away, but it took him half an hour to go get the car I'd picked out. Which turned out to need repairs. Yes, a new car. Every other step was similarly unreasonably long. Especially the part where I had to wait because he had other customers. Know what? I (and I'd bet the other customers too) would have been perfectly happy to work with another sales person for a while. \n\nAnd then there was Financing Guy. FG offered me standard financing and told me there were no specials to be had. When I showed him a printout from Zimbrick's own web site offering a rate 70% lower (!) he was surprised and had to go look it up. Again, this took an unreasonably long time. Then I made the mistake of questioning a sentence in the loan contract. FG did not like being questioned. He told me I'd have to call Honda directly \"or a lawyer.\" I called Honda and got it straightened out (it WAS wrong in the contract!) but FG never recovered. He was pissed. He was humorless. He was in a hurry and wanted me gone. At least he was moving fast, I guess.....\n\nAs an aside, let's say you're a FG and you have a customer about to sign over many thousands of dollars, who objects to one sentence in the paperwork and refuses to sign as is. Do you 1) find out more about her objection and do everything you can to clear it up, or 2) shoo her out of your office and tell her to call someone else? Yeah, wrong answer, FG. \n\nAnyway, all put together it took five hours to leave with my car. The Internet says the transaction should take maybe an hour and a half. I was prepared for three hours. I brought everything I was supposed to bring. I had negotiated the price ahead of time. IT SHOULD NOT HAVE TAKEN FIVE HOURS. At all points there were plenty of employees not doing anything. Other sales people, other FGs, other managers. Perhaps, Zimbrick, you could train people to, I dunno, pitch in and help each other? For the benefit of your customers? \n\nBy the way, at no point did anyone direct me to the well stocked refreshment counter. Even though I was there over lunch time. \n\nBottom line: I'm happy with my car, I'm happy with the price, but I'm not happy with the people I bought it from. \n\nTip: negotiate by email before you go in person. And pack a lunch.