When I turned 50 this year, I knew I had to do something special.  When a friend looked for volunteers to join her for her first half marathon, I decided to throw my hat in.   I have to say that this was a PERFECT first-timers event.  \n\nThe good:  It was well organized, flat and damn fun.  The weather was perfect.  Did I mention that it was fun?  Between the bands and the nice flat course and all the cameras and gawkers along the strip, I felt like a rock star. \n\nBuffets.  How perfect for a post race refueling than to stop at a fabulous buffet.  My group went to the Mandalay bay and gorged ourselves with prime rib, crab, eggs benedict, bacon, mashed potatoes and champagne while still sweaty in our running clothes.  It was fabulous.  Then we went to our hotel room at the Luxor and passed out in a food and run coma.\n\nThe bad:  People lie. You are supposed to estimate your time so they put you in your appropriate corral.  Since this was my first time, I over-estimated my time, but not that freakin' much. I started in corral 28, and started 45 minutes after the first corral.  I was weaving around slowpokes immediately and through to the end of the race - I must have added at least a half a mile to the race.   If you are going to walk the race, you should not be corral 20 or 15, damnit. Be honest.  Even with all the weaving though, I finished in 2:25.  Not bad for a 50 year old in her first race! Yep.  I am bragging.\n\nI am really really glad I never had to go to the bathroom because the wait for those port o potties was at least 5-10 minutes long.  \n\nThere were so many people that after you got done, you just wanted to get through everything.  Therefore, I missed all the post-race food.  (Was there any?) After you got out of the secure area, there wasn't any food and while waiting for people, I really needed something, even water.  There was a beer garden, but I did not think to bring id to the race considering they told you not to put anything valuable in your gear bag.  Mixed messages suck!!!  \n\nWe got to pose with chorus girls after the race.  Really?  I'm a 50 year old straight woman and I really did not want to pose with a chorus girl.  How about a cabana boy?\n\nBret Michaels was just loud.  The family gathering places were in front of the stage and were too crowded with concert enjoyers to find your damn family.  My 84 year old parents missed me entirely.  \n\nUgly?  Ummm, nuthin.  I had a blast.  It was an amazing event; the highpoint of my year.  Can not wait for next year.