Seriously the best service and experience I ever had in getting a manicure and pedicure. The last time I did both mani\/pedi was in OC and seriously the polish came off the very next day and the nail tech blamed me saying it was the oil from my face that transfered to my fingers that made the polish come off?!!? YEA Freakin' Riiight. There goes my ex's kind gesture for trying to make me feel special and pretty for a day. Luckily I gave her a second chance to redo it and it lasted longer than a day... thank goodness! Oh yes, I've been dramatized too from getting my flesh cut open before, oh that sting!! Literally your body goes in shock mode seeing your blood then you feel numb\/minty at the same time from witnessing a brutal slice of carelessness. Soooo... finding a trustworthy place that you don't have to be paranoid about is right over here.\n\nI had a last minute audition to model shoes for Chinese Laundry... so I frankly looked on yelp for a place that was near me that had some good reviews. \n\nI called the spa and David answers... politely told me to just come down now and he can do my nails... mind you it's an hour before they close. Well he said yes, so off I went. \n\nI was greeted and asked me what I would like done today. I told the lady at front that I had an appointment with David. Then he came out and that's when it all began.. beautifying my toes. \n\nI told David my situation and he went to town with my feet like he was competing to win a grand prize for \"the best pretty feet award.\" Yup, if I was a judge.. he sure had my vote.. hands down. I was astonished by how diligent and kind he was in wanting to help me with my audition tomorrow. He was genuinely nice and happy as can be even when he was working so very hard to make them look exceptionally flawless. That's just impressive and admirable to me. He didn't even care that the store was closing, he just concentrated on one thing.. my toes. We even had short talks and laughs in between all this transformation. He even helped me pick out my nail polish color since I told him I need a neutral\/flesh tone and BAM! He picked a color that was perfect for me. \n\nI never in my life had a hot stone foot massage while getting a mani\/pedi before. It was a very special moment, since I felt like I was getting a five star treatment and I finally understood what the true meaning of being pampered was by coming here. \n\nI even asked him how come he worked so hard on my feet, since I never received that kind of service before. He laughed and told me because you have an important day tomorrow and he wants my feet to look its very best so I can get booked. He was so encouraging and wished me luck. He told me... \"you never know, if you don't try.\" He made me feel like a champ... feet champ that is! YEAAaaa!! *toe pump in the air :) My feet were audition ready and I was a happy bunny leaving that place. I could have skipped all the way to my car to express my gratitude of what he done for me. Now you can't beat that.. paying $30 for all this experience!! Thank you so much to David for taking care of my feet and beautifying them to the fullest. \n\nMy journey to \"Happy Feet.\"