With almost 200 reviews for this place I don't really need to add my 2 cents.  But I will anyway because I like to have my opinion on record and also because I am planning to make a list of my fave Vegas haunts.\n\nBody English at the Hard Rock is my favorite dance club in Vegas hands down for the following reasons:\n1. The speaker system is crazy good - I feel like my heart is going to be knocked into an arrhythmia every time the bass hits.\n2.  The music they play is SWEEEEEET!  Usually it is a mix of rap\/hip hop, old skool 80s or rock, and top 40 hits.  Most everything has a booty poppin' beat.  Not a lot of techno BS here (probably have that on certain nights but eh, who can freakin dance to that?)\n3. Located in the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino which is one of my fave casinos.  It is small, it is full of rock memorabilia, and a lot of rock stars have\/do stay there.  Which means potential run-ins with has-been 80s rockers.  Maybe you'll get invited to be on Rock of Love part 9!!!  \n4. One time I went there and throughout the night they would have this smoke-mist come out of the ceiling.  It didn't just drift out, it was a full scale tornado of smoke coming straight down in 4 columns onto the floor.  AWESOME if you were right below it.  Then you couldn't see your hand in front of your face for 2 or 3 minutes but everyone goes CRAZY and dances even more.  Last time I went they did not have this.  Bring it back that was fucking cool!! \n5.  Decent drinks for Vegas, not too weak \n6. Guest DJs - last time I went Pete Wentz from Fallout Boy and Travis from Gym Class Heros were our DJs.  They played a full set, sang along to some of their songs.  Plus Pete Wentz played Journey so I changed over from thinking he was a douche and started thinking \"well, he's got at least ONE cool thing about him.\n\nThe not so good:\n1. Guest DJs such as Fallout Boy's Pete Wentz may play songs that his own band sings. Not so good when the band sucks. hehe\n2. Line to get the drinks can be 4 deep.  Two or three fist it so you won't have to wait.\n3. Navigating the stairs to get to the dance floor from the upstairs bar or to the VIP areas can be tricky when you are drunk.  Use the armrails.\n4. Line to get in here (and everywhere else in Vegas) is bullshit.  Basically wear something semi- or completely slutty.  Have more girls than guys in your party.  Flirt with door guy.  Better yet, talk to the promoters during the day and try and get admission tickets or on the list so you can skip the line.  If you are a group of guys...good luck, I have no idea how dudes end up in these places.\n\nI have gone to this bar and gotten smashed.  I have even gone here and been stone cold sober.  Both times I danced my ass off and came home drenched in sweat with my legs feeling like I had just run a marathon.  Yes, AWESOME!  I love it.  See ya next time I'm in Vegas!!