No, thank you. \n\nI went here intending to get both a mani and a pedi, and I decided I wouldn't get the manicure during the pedi. I should have read the content of some of the negative reviews instead of just trusting the 4 stars on Yelp. \n\nThe absolute most important thing to me in a nail salon is the cleanliness level. The fact that some reviews said that this place doesn't properly clean their utensils in between each and every use is of major concern and, if true, is absolutely unacceptable.  I read this as I was getting my pedicure. Now, I am praying that I don't get Hepatitis C. \n\nThe price of the pedi ($20) was fine, until I realized that it doesn't include all the things a $20 pedi normally does-- sea salt scrub, nice foot\/leg massage, etc. Their chairs are horribly run-down and need to be repaired or replaced. If you want the sea salt scrub and leg massage, you have to pay extra. The nail tech buffed my feet, but my heels are still terribly dry and rough. I'll have to go to another salon in a day or two to fix what this girl didn't do. \n\nStaff was friendly enough, I suppose. Polish color choices were plentiful. I like OPI and they had several options from that brand.\n\nThe polish I initially chose ran out after the nail tech had started. Not a problem. It's just polish. I'm not that picky.  I had to pick a totally different color since nothing matched my initial choice. I went for red, instead of the shimmery pink. The nail tech didn't take off the old polish. How much effort does that take? I asked her to take it off so two of my toes wouldn't have thicker polish or different tones of color than the rest. She wouldn't do it. Seriously?\n\nI won't be coming here again. I am completely and utterly baffled by all the rave reviews. I guess I can't trust Yelp anymore. There are a million and one other nail places in Vegas. It won't be too difficult for me to find a better one than this, where I won't be concerned about a prior customer's toe jam giving me a bacterial infection.