Back in July, a few of us girls at work found a living social coupon for this place for $20 for $20 classes.  Being that we all could use a little more exercise in our lives, I bought the coupon and started going to classes.\n\nThe Yoga studio is tucked away in a shopping center off Central and Camelback behind AJ's fine foods, and next to a hair salon.  \n\nThe basis of \"hot\" yoga is to do 26 yoga positions in a room held at 105 degrees with 40% humidity for 90 minutes.  This allows you to flush all the toxins from your body, speeds up your metabolism, reduces stress levels and basically cleanses your whole body while you get a good healthy workout. Intense? Yes, but not impossible.  You will sweat everything out, literally. I admit, like others here, you feel like quitting 15 minutes in because you think your going to die from the heat and your sweaty as hell, but KEEP GOING. IT GETS EASIER\/BETTER. I cannot begin to tell you how awesome I felt after my first class. Just amazing!\n\nFor starters, even if your a beginner, like me, do not be intimidated! The class is welcoming to students of ALL levels. I've only been to one other yoga class before in my life, and that was 4 years ago.  Here are a few pointers to help you out and tell you more about the studio itself.\n\nA) drink an enourmous amount of water before, during and after class! Especially  the day before class. The day before drink, drink drink! You will sweat like no other during class, and you need to stay hydrated.  Drink a lot of water after class, as your body is going to be dehydrated and you will be flushing toxins out of your body.  Also, when you bring water to class, make sure its frozen before hand.  If you don't, it'll be warm in 5 minutes and useless.  The studio does sell water bottles, but its like $3 a bottle.  You can go to Circle K and get one for a dollar, throw it in your freezer, and take it to class with you.\n\nB) bring a big towel to put over your mat.  Your going to need it to collect the sweat, and to wipe your face and body periodically during class.  It also allows you not to slip on your mat when you do the standing poses for the first half of class.  The studio does rent towels, but it costs a few bucks. I bring a beach towel with me and it gets soaked by the end of class from sweating!\n\nThe studio itself is spacious, but fills up quickly.  You want to make sure you get a spot where you can see yourself in the mirror while you work out.  It allows you to perfect your poses as the instructor talks you through the class, helps you become more limber and stay focused.  I personally like to sit off to the right side because during class while the instructor is walking through the studio, they will open the doors and you can get a blast of cool air.  This my friends, is the most refreshing thing ever.  Sit off to the side near the door! You will thank me later!\n\nThe instructors themselves are really positive and encouraging.  My first class ever was with this girl Melissa, and she made me feel right at home, explaining everything! Each pose has a benefit for your body, and she (along with the other instructors) will tell you what its for. For example, there's one where you lay on your back and pull your legs to your chest- that's great for digestion, another for reducing anxiety, others for expanding your lungs and so on.  They also tell you to work at your own pace. Don't kill yourself! There's skill levels of all kinds here, and you'll notice it in class. \n\nI would go to classes with my friend Nicolle from work, and we had a blast. Each instructor brings their own personality to class, but you follow the same routine every single time. Some will work you harder then others, but again, go at your own pace.  If you feel like you need a break, lay down on your mat, or do the downward dog position like I do and pick up at the next position after you regain your composure.\n\nThe only downside to the studio is the studio itself smells funky! I wish they would spray some febreeze in here or something, because I think it smells! Aside from that, I really enjoyed my time here, and would love to go back in a heartbeat. Staff was awesome, positive and encouraging.  Plenty of class times available, and a great way to get back in shape.