I have to say that I had very high expectations going to Cure - especially since we went for the New Year's Eve prix fix dinner (with drink pairings). I went in with an open mind and left full, happy, and excited about the fact that this place is in my hometown.\n\nWe started with Island Creek Oysters. I'm not a fan of oysters, in general. I will say that they were perfectly chilled with an excellent tomato and onion chutney of sorts. The second appetizer was a platter of what Cure calls \"snacks\" - and what I call: Heaven. The beef tartar is the only item that I wasn't crazy about but that's not for lack of high-quality beef, just personal preference. The foie blonde was new to my palette and a welcome treat. The salmon nduja was quite smoky, and hard to get over the initial horror at spreadable fish salami; however, it's uniqueness is not soon forgotten. My favorite was the fried mortadella on toasted baguette with a fried quail egg. I could've eaten any entire plate of them.\n\nThe second course was smoked Laurel Hill Farm trout, with sesame lavash, leek ash yogurt, and a trio of sauces, including blood orange, cucumber, and herbed maple syrup. Reading the description, I wasn't sure how accessible the dish would be - or how it would all work together - but it was insanely good. Strangely enough, it reminded me of my childhood, fishing for trout and eating it for breakfast. This dish, albeit high-end, was a nostalgic throwback to summer for me. The viogner was, as expected, the perfect pairing.\n\nThe third course was celeriac and taleggio ravioli in an Appalachian Perigord truffle and chervil, hazelnut beurre noisette. I have never, and will never, eat a ravioli that so successfully encapsulated creamy, cheesy, herby, woody, nutty flavors all in a few bites of nirvana. And here's where I had my Pittsburgh food scene nerd moment. Upon asking the waiter how the truffles could possibly be from Appalachia, we were graced with a few seconds of time from Justin Severino himself, the chef and co-owner of Cure. I heard *most* of what he had to say in his brief lesson on this type of truffle but, mainly, I was honored and awe-struck with his table-side visit. The Italian red paired with this dish was everything you'd hope it would be - and stood up to the star power of the truffle.\n\nThe fourth course was 3 Cheers Farm lamb \"porchetta.\" While Cure's version of this dish is a laborious, masterful effort that yields a mouth-watering result. Add in smoked potato fondue, roasted trumpet mushrooms, bearnaise, beet bordelaise, caramelized onion, and watercress - and the Sonoma petite sirah - and you have one fine entree to round out the savory portion of the meal. I ate as slowly as possible with this one.\n\nThe fifth and final course was a chocolate souffle cake, with pistachio butter, blackberry vin cotto, sea salt, and EVOO, paired with an aperitif wine that came off like an Italian whiskey. Chocolate executed at this level with yet another fine pairing? This girl was floating in ecstasy somewhere high above the table....\n\nBefore I conclude, let me mention that our main server, Cass, as well as all other servers who attended to us during our meal, brought grace, knowledge, impeccable timing, and good cheer to our table with every visit. The professionalism of Cure's service and the quality of the food and wine (and curation of the menu) made it easy for me to deal with what was probably the most expensive meal of my life. It's important to note, again, that this was a special event night and that we could have never ordered this combination on our own and at that price for five courses with pairings.\n\nThis meal, in its entirety, was like going to a long anticipated concert of your favorite band: When you eat at Cure, from the first bite, you know that you will never have this same meal again; that you must take your time to enjoy every moment; and, that you will leave in a state of bliss that stays repeating on your palette for days, much the same as the lyrics to your very favorite song.\n\nBravo, Cure!\n\n(P.S. I *can't wait* to try Morcilla!)