DO NOT BUY FROM THESE WORTHLESS PIECES OF CRAP!!!! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!! \nI wish I had done my research on this place beforehand it would have saved me a lot of anguish and stress.\nI bought a car I had been looking for for 10 years now (05 Subaru WRX STi). I had just been cruzing around on my day off and saw it sitting in their lot and checked it out. I did as good of an inspection as you could humanly possible do on it without putting it up on a lift and I couldn't find any issues. Test drove it and it drove smooth other then the car shuttering during initial acceleration( racing clutch). Less then 24 hours after purchase the car started knocking bad, the car all of a sudden would not boost higher then .5 bar (7 something psi) and then stuttered like it wasn't getting enough air or fuel...also when I put gas in it would not let me put more then 10 gal in (has a15.9 gal tank?) I had the car looked at by a few mechanics and other various Subaru WRX owners and it was determined this shady car lot doctored the car up to cover its issues and set it up to last long enough for them to not be noticed until well after the sale is complete. For example they put in a really really thick oil to cover up the knock sound which worked until I had driven the car around a whole bunch and the oil thinned out and they also unplugged some sensors in the engine bay like the knock sensor so it would not throw a check engine light. I took the car in and had their onsite \"mechanics\" listen to the knock and they both admitted they heard it and while I was in the office talking to the manager then hurried up and did another quick super thick oil oil change hoping I wouldn't notice and told me to drive it around for a few days to see if they knock comes back. Of course it did one day later! I battled with them over a month calling over and over...they would avoid my calls and never call me back or when I would get a hold of someone they would tell me they are talking to the owner to see if they can replace the engine. Finally they gave me the option to get the motor repaired or void the sale...initially I wanted to to get the engine repaired but they would not provide a loaner car for me!! Really?? you wanna repair something that you knew was broken and not provide a loaner to replace my only mode of transportation while it gets fixed?. Place has awful customer service and they are shady as hell...I gave up and voided the sale and when I went to pick up my car I had traded in I discovered they ruined my clutch it goes all the way to the floorboards with barely touching it with my toes and they put like 200 miles on it! They claim \"it was never driven and it was in the back of the lot the whole time\". So magically the clutch has issues and it somehow accumulated miles while sitting it the lot. Even after all this and a couple weeks later I still have issues...they have not purchased the Subaru back from the credit union I had to finance the vehicle with so this WRX is still in my name and apparently still mine even though I no longer have the car. I am still liable to maintain insurance on it and have to make payments or my credit will be screwed and I am unable to purchase a new vehicle with 2 vehicles already financed in my name while these idiots have been doing who knows what to this WRX these last few weeks.\nI will be filing a complaint with the state of Nevada (DMV) and if others join and file complaints about this places shady sells we could get this garbage lot shut down permanantly plus massive fines. Nevada does not have any kind of lemon law to protect people from shady lots like this as far as I know but from what I have researched the DMV will investigate if multiple people complain about serious issues after purchasing cars from certain places. I will be posting this on other places as well I just want others to not make the same mistakes as me.