We decided to beat the crowd and have an early dinner at 3pm.   The place was only 1\/3 full yet we waited 45 minutes (no hostess in sight and a waitress had to get our names on the list) while we watched staff screw around but not getting tables ready.  Their idea of prepping a table is using a dry wash cloth and just make a few errant passes across the table (I enjoyed the pieces of leftover crust from the previous folks; nearly thought Santa may have come before us).   Considering flu is running rampant, maybe a little disinfect on the ol table would have been nice.  Seeing how long this was taking, we figured we would pre-order our pizza so that once we got seated we could eat and hit the road as we were passing through on a long road trip.  We are Chicagoans and used to how Giardanos are run up north. Tight ship, professional and while they have fun, take their jobs seriously.  Yes you wait but that's expected with big crowds.  We still waited another 60 minutes at our table for our pre-ordered pizza despite having placed our order 45 minutes prior to that when waiting to be seated.  We figured waiting over 90 minutes during non prime time would result in the most awesome pizza on earth...I say that in jest.   When we finally got our order (a medium stuffed pizza) they managed to screw that up too.  We ordered drinks that only took 20 minutes to get.   I know, its a bit in middle of earth IL and I'm guessing things just run a little slower....but really?  20 minutes for ice water?  After eating we had to request our bill several times as this experience was getting ridiculous.  We truly wanted to pay and just get out of there but had to wait 15 more minutes despite mentioning we were now in a hurry as we looked forward to our 6 hour drive.  Seeing how poorly run this place was, not to mention the staff bad talking their own place of work (management, better training and supervision needed), I paid cash as I feared our credit card info would be stolen (oh, tell your staff when they carry someone's credit card to not leave out in plain sight while talking to your BF).  We kept a sense of humor about this and had a few good laughs with the folks seated next to us who were going through the same thing.   It was probably the one thing we enjoyed most; enjoying one another's misery.   There seemed to be plenty of staff but the managers need to run a tighter ship.  There was one real nice waitress at the table next to us that should be the manager; she knew customer service and had we been rating her, she would get 5 stars (blond, 40-50's).   And to top off a magical experience, I got the the runs shortly after eating this meal.  Charmin thanks you.  I don't.