This was the first time I've come here for lunch. I always just go for their breakfast specials because they're so darn cheap. \n\nI've driven by the 2 for 1 burgers and fries sign many times, but never had the urge to go. Don was on a 2 hour break from work and asked me if I wanted to grab a bite to eat. I didn't feel like driving out very far and I remembered that Montana Meat Co is just down the street and they have a burger special, so I suggested it for lunch. \n\nMy brother and I met up with Don. We actually called him while we were leaving our house to tell him to get a table and order for us because whenever we go there (for breakfast) the service is slower than a herd of snails traveling through peanut butter. Don didn't end up ordering for us because he just got seated when we got there.\n\nThe waitress brought us our water right away. When she came back to take our orders I asked if they still had the 2 for 1 burger special and she said yes. I thought it would just include their most basic burger, but you could actually choose from all of their burgers and you can get two different selections for the price of one. Pretty good deal considering all the burgers average $10, so you're getting two burgers w\/ fries for only 5 bucks each!\n\nDon ordered the Peppercorn Burger - Pan seared with cracked pepper. Topped with crispy fried potatoes and sauteed mushrooms. Served with steak fries smothered in creamy peppercorn gravy.\n\nMy brother ordered the Rocky Mtn. Bacon Burger - Topped with Pepper Jack cheese, Bacon, onion rings and bbq sauce.\n\nI just ordered a small cup of soup because I ate earlier, not expecting to go out for lunch. It was the soup of the day and lucky for me it was tomato and basil bisque, which is my favorite!\n\nThe burgers and fries were pretty damn big. I expected them to be child sized because of the low price, but they weren't at all. The Peppercorn had WHOLE mini mushrooms in it and looked delicious, but all the gravy canceled the taste out. Don ended up eating the burger with a knife and fork because all the gravy started making it soggy. I didn't try the Rocky Mtn, but my brother practically licked the plate clean, so I'm assuming it was good. \n\nThe soup was ammmazing!! I'm so pissed that I just ordered a tiny little cup! I probably could have ordered two more bowls, but that would've been a fatass move on my part. \n\nAll in all, I was very surprised at the good service. The waitress kept coming by to fill our glasses and make sure we were doing okay, the food came out quick, the plates were taken away once we were done, and we weren't stiffed on our change. Maybe they really changed their act, or maybe it's just the hour that we went. Either way, this was a good experience.