I had a long debate with myself about whether I should round up or down from my TRUE rating, which is a 3.5.  There were many factors that led to the 4 stars: it's locally owned, amazing concept, and, well, the food was spectacular.  \n\nSo I got the tempura shrimp tacos, and they were amazing.  I actually turned into a grandma when I bit into them and said to myself, \"Oh my, is THAT GOOD!\"  But it was!  The shells are chewy and golden, stuffed with crispy fried shrimp, amazingly flavorful coleslaw, and \"pink gold\" sauce which is very aptly named.  \n\nI ordered the squash casserole as a side, but was given the Mac and Cheese, which was totally fine; the waiter brought out the casserole too so I got both but I didn't care for it at all...the mac and cheese, however, was PHENOMENAL.  Slightly spicy, super creamy, it was like something out of a mac and cheese filled dream.  (the best kind of dream)  \n\nMy only qualm was with the service.  It wasn't bad, not at all.  Our waiter was super attentive and came over many times to check on\/chat with us.  Maybe...a little TOO many times.  He was a really sweet dude but it was honestly one of the most awkward experiences I've ever had in a restaurant.  Right after we got our food he walked over, stared at the table, and walked away again without saying a word, and later came over to ask us if we wanted to try the flavored water...after we had already finished our meal.  He also told us a few non-sequitur stories and then recommended a BBQ restaurant in Ballantyne without actually telling us it's name.  He was so sweet, though, so I feel kind of like a monster for saying anything, but I get extremely uncomfortable when strangers talk to me like, in the middle of the day, when I haven't been drinking.  I stammer and can't make eye contact and start to get red-faced and sweaty and it's just not a good look.\n\nBut other than that, my Krazy Fish experience was great, and I'll be back for sure.  \n\nAnd you should go.  They're really nice there.