Eating a salad at a bar in pseudo-Piazaa San Marco with the beautiful pseudo-blue sky above and the pseudo-Venetian entertainment providing me with a flute-interpretation of \"Can't Help Falling In Love\": these are the Las Vegas moments I relish. \n\nI had arrived at The Venetian to see my lady pal perform some neosoul flavored jazz at the V Bar, but I was starving! My game plan was to run inside Grand Lux and grab a salad, but the place was slammed. MAGIC is in town, and Chinese New Year is in full swing, so the town is busy (Go Las Vegas!), but that means big restaurant crowds. I started wandering about hoping to forage some greens. I stopped by the hostess stand at David Burke's to ask where a lady could find a nice salad. I felt a tad guilty about asking them to send me somewhere else, but Mr. Burke only offered me a Caesars. They suggested San Marco or Postrio. \n\nForward to me at the bar at San Marco with my $14 Acetaia \"Vinegar Maker's Salad\". A solid, but not too creative, salad. As salads go, it got the job done of giving me my daily dose of greens, and I really liked the dressing. Brilliant tartness. I declined the ham, which normally comes on the salad, but I imagine that would be quite good if you ate pigs. The salad is supposed to be an Italian chef salad, so it also had chopped eggs and cucumbers. Interesting note: The outdoor bar seats actually surround the salad prep, so you get to see all of the salads being made, but you don't get to order your liquor from a friendly bartender.\n\nIt was good, but of course one has to wonder about a $14 salad. If I had other dishes, I might be prompted to go up or down a star, but I was very satisfied with the quality of the food and the Vegas ambiance. Service was pleasant. I did see a lady a couple of seats down send a dish back with apologies from the waiter, but the businessmen next to me seemed very pleased with their meals, although they seemed suspicious as to why I was there eating a salad by myself. A lady's got to eat!