Ugh. My experience at Dental Choice was not as great as Sapna G's. \nWhen I called to book an appointment at this location, the only available appointments were either one that conflicted with my exams, or at 7:30 am on a Thursday. I am only a morning person when I want to be, but I decided it was better then, than never. \nI showed up right on time for my appointment, at 7:30 am...to locked doors and all the lights shut off. It was...closed? Though the sign said they were open from 7:00 am every morning. Eventually a few minutes later a girl showed up and let me in and turned on some terrible radio while I filled in my forms. There was no receptionist in yet to answer any questions. She came back out to the desk a few minutes later and asked if I could \"come back later\" for the dental exam part because there was no dentist in right then. \nUh...I had to get up at 6 am to make it into my appointment, show up to an office that isn't even open at its scheduled time, and then you ask if I'll come back because the dentist can't be bothered to come in on time for his appointments? I don't think so. I said, \"No. I'm unable to that.\" The response from her was, \"Really? Not even in a couple hours?\" No, I am sorry, but I am not going to spend \"a couple hours\" hanging out when I have already made my way over to a scheduled appointment. I told her that would be completely inconvenient, and was ready to leave right quick.\nHer response was, \"Okay then. Well I guess we'll figure something out.\" \nYes, you probably should consider figuring something out, Dental Choice. \n I was led back for my cleaning, kind of weirded out and not sure what was going on with the dentist thing. The terrible Country Music Channel was on. I am sure some people appreciate the television screen as a distraction, but as someone who doesn't enjoy cable television it didn't really add or retract to my experience. Actually, it retracted as I am not a fan of Taylor Smith. The cleaning itself took longer than any cleaning I've had, and I was charged for it- an extra \"scale of time\" not covered by the U of C plan. I feel as though she took so long because she was procrastinating until the Dentist got there. The cleaning itself was helpful as I was informed of how to prevent gum recession, which is a bit of an issue as I previously had a few lip piercings that damaged my gums a bit. \nShe put me in another chair to wait for the dentist. I actually felt a little bad for the girl at this point because she was friendly, just in a very unorganized work environment. I was told he'd be in in about 10 minutes or so. Twenty minutes later and a few chapters into a new book, the dentist walked in. A few minutes later, he came up to me asking if I had any concerns. Uh...aside from this stupid morning? No. He looked at my teeth quickly, informed me that I had a missing tooth in the back of my mouth. Uh, yes, I know. Absessed tooth. Made a pun about my lip tattoo which was kind of funny, told me I had a cavity, and that was it. Pretty brief. But I wish that perhaps their dentists could have actually kept an appointment instead of treating meeeee like an inconvenience. Super awkward! I made an appointment to fill my cavity because Dental Choice is the only office the University insurance plan covers (which should be changed as they are completely unprofessional). Gross. However, I might make an appointment at another office than the U of C one because I was pretty unimpressed with my visit.