Let me begin this review by saying how HIGHLY offended I am by the review given by Marc. T - an Elite member.  It is a glorified marketing pitch based on the tour.  It is not based on the experiences of a parent with a child enrolled in the school.  Previously there were two other reviews from parents of CLA - which have since been removed.\n\nMarc is right about ONE thing.  The facility and experience presented to incoming parents is nothing less than 5 stars.  But I will break down my experience as a father of two children (2 and 4) enrolled in the school since the day it opened (and spent 10+ months there) - and how reality diverged from the sales pitch.\n\nTHE FACILITIES and SPECIALTY ROOMS:  The accommodations are great - the execution is lacking.  During the tour you will see many of the specialty rooms that your children will spend time in to develop a wide range of skills.  You will be sold on the notion that each of these rooms has a \"specialty teacher\" that stays in this room and will instruct your child while their classroom teacher assists.  However this was largely not true during my kid's tenure.  Two months after enrolling - all of the specialty teachers had been reassigned to the traditional classrooms.  There is not an Art teacher, or a Science teacher, or a Gym teacher anymore.  If the tour still claims there is... ask what their names are!  \n\nThe school however is quite stunning, clean and very beautiful.  Even the broken waterfall in the center of the school is cool - it broke the first month and was never fixed.  (3 STARS)\n\nPHYSICAL SECURITY: Physical security is lacking. All of the door handles in the school are at normal heights.  They are not elevated.  A toddler can easily open these doors and leave the classroom.  My 4 year old did on at least 3 occasions.  I have learned since leaving the school that on one occasion my child was \"lost\" for a period of time and found walking around by the front entrance to the building.  On another occasion I was called and asked to come remove my child for the day because he had become a danger to himself by leaving his class and attempting to walk into the outdoor area known as Natures Nook.  It was 100+ degrees on this day, and Natures Nook has no shade.  \n\nThere is also a pin-code access for the front entrance - this pin-code door does not work and NEVER did in 10+ months.\n\nThe outdoor play areas also have gates that push open rather easily.  I had to point this out to mgmt. - as one of the gates from the playground went out into the parking lot.  Instead of addressing this will release latches that are out of reach - they paddle locked the one to the parking lot and put bungie cords on the other two that exit near the front of the building. (1 STAR)\n\nEDUCATION: My children did seem to learn quite a bit during their time at CLA.  However I don't believe every detail the daily activity stated. (4 STARS)\n\nTEACHER TURN OVER & RATIOS:  The single greatest reason we pulled our two boys from CLA.  With any new school there will be some turn over as those who are not cut out for daycare leave the school.  However there is ZERO communication to the parents when a teacher leaves or is assigned to a different room.  You show up to drop your kid off with the familiar face they know (and love) but that teacher's no longer there.  Drop-offs can be difficult and stressful for both the parents and kids.  My two year old lost 3 teachers; my 4 year old lost 5 teachers in less than a year. On only ONE occasion did we get any fore-warning.\n\nThe loss of staff and increasing enrollment in the school has led to a child to teacher ratio that - to my second hand knowledge - has drawn scrutiny.\n\nThe staff levels, and ratios also leads to teachers not getting their breaks during the day.  I understand this - second hand - to be one reason for teacher turn over.  I love my kids, but they ain't perfect - and Heaven help the person locked in a room with them all day long without an appropriate \"Calgon moment\" or two. \n\nAt the time we left - my 4 year old's class had grown to 29 kids.  Two teachers, and 29 kids in a 40 x 20 room.  In the month before we pulled our kids my wife and I each had an extended visit to the school (1+ hours) sitting and observing due to behavior issues with our oldest - the tipping point for our leaving.  Peacefully and quite it wasn't.  To adequately describe the environment I suggest you see the movie \"Lord of the Flies\".  \n\nTake your tour during nap time... you'll see kids sleeping in the library because there is not enough room for them in their class.  \n\nWe rarely picked up our two year old from a teacher who had been with him for more than 20 minutes due to kid reallocations in the PM. They couldn't tell us how his day was.  And the instructions you leave with the drop-off teacher do not get communicated to the afternoon teacher. (1 STAR)\n\n--- \n\nWe paid $450 a week... and did not get level of care we were promised.