Since I still haven't properly tried Pizza Rock, or any of his other restaurants for that matter, this was my introduction to the cuisine of the famous Tony Gemignani. It was certainly a good first impression.\n\nWith a rapidly expiring Groupon to my name, I arranged to meet a couple of friends here for an early dinner. While I was waiting for them, I noticed that it was the tail end of happy hour. Upon inquiry, the host informed me that they do honor happy hour pricing for Groupons. This unexpected surprise bode well for the night.\n\nAfter my friends arrived, we got seated. We were shown to a booth, having been indecisive with the choice between that and a table. This was great. I felt comfortable because of the cushions below and behind me, but they were actually very unobtrusive. Moral of the story: go for a booth if you can.\n\nI appreciated the decor, with the retro faux brick walls and the clean, modern black table tops meshing well, and the good lighting allowing us to eat with our eyes first (and take photos of course). They have plenty of TVs and they were almost all tuned to the Thursday night NFL game, which was a nice plus for two of us fantasy football managers.\n\nAnyway, I seem to have digressed a little. The food was great, and stacking discounts made money a forgotten issue at the meal went on. (Quick note: I didn't go for the alcohol tonight, but during happy hour, well drinks are $3, draft beers and wine by the glass are $2 off, and specialty cocktails are $3 off.)\n\nWe definitely ordered every happy hour appetizer, and then some. The Classic Meatballs ($3 HH for 3 meatballs) were moist, tender, and savory, with a nice pool of sweet tomato sauce lending more flavor but not covering up the meat at all. The Calamari Fritti ($5), which we had in a traditional style, came with a marinara sauce and a spicy calabrese sauce, the latter of which was the more interesting of the two even if it was starting to edge into too-spicy-for-me territory. The Garlic-Garlic bread with cheese ($5) was tasty in the super-cheesy middle sections, but got a little boring at the ends.\n\nI think I had the most mixed feelings about the Italian Fries ($3) They have four different types of fries, and although we skipped the Truffle fries and Gorgonzola fries, we did go for the Rosemary Garlic fries and Honey Pancetta Parmagiano fries. I'm a little sad to say that, although the fries are nicely crunchy outside and fluffy inside, they're clearly under-seasoned. The Rosemary Garlic fries merely have ketchup to help cover up this flaw, and I left those alone after a few bites. However, I really liked the other variety because the honey, pancetta, and parmesan stacked sweet, smoky, and savory flavors (note: add more cheese from the parmesan dispenser if necessary). I just wish that the foundation was solid.\n\nBecause 9\" pizzas were $2 off for Happy Hour, we felt more comfortable sampling different varieties instead of going straight to the higher value 16\" pizzas. My choice of the New Yorker ($8 HH), per another friend's recommendation, was a nice meaty pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and dollops of ricotta on which I probably should have used a knife to spread out a little. The ricotta definitely added an unexpected dimension. The Tartufo ($10 HH), a white pizza, had some nice touches from the light truffle oil and goat cheese, although I would have liked just a bit more prosciutto. The Quatro Formaggio ($8 HH) was a nice combination that didn't have me missing the cheese at all, aside from the rather pronounced crust on the edge. Speaking of which, I never skip the crust anyway, but the dough was delicious on all of the pizzas - crispy and crunchy in just the right amounts.\n\nI should also mention that our server was friendly and engaging from the moment we entered the restaurant, building a nice rapport at least with my more sociable friend. He had a nice sense of humor and wasn't too intrusive, haughty, or whatever issues you might have. He even left me something interesting on my phone when he borrowed it to run the Groupon voucher... nah, just kidding on that. It was a nice joke though.\n\nIt wasn't perfect in every way, but my experience at Little Tony's left me wanting to return, especially for the fries with honey and pancetta. And the excellent meatballs, of course. Actually, I should finally check out Pizza Rock now since its Green Valley Ranch location is closer to me. Besides, it's probably gonna be a while until the next Groupon.