I'm not that hard to please at all, but I wasn't impressed from the minute I stepped foot in this restaurant. I can't even list one positive thing about my experience here. Upon arrival, we waited for a brief few minutes, then we were seated at a dirty table. The table was sticky and disgusting, the menus had food smeared on them, there was leftover fork sitting at our table, the carpet looked dirty, and it was just so dim in there. Based on the decors, filthiness, darkness and filthy menu, I instantly thought of the food network show \"Restaurant Takeover\" and thought  we should just turn around and exit now, but I figured I'd give the food a chance. Bad idea. \nOur waiter was terrible... terrible... just terrible... did I mention terrible? gosh, it was terrible!! He came by and said he'd be right with us to take our drinks order, 10 minutes later, he comes to take our drink order and we were already ready to order so we just ordered our meals as well. I got the chicken fajitas and hubs got the beef burrito... took awhile, but whatever, I'm in no hurry.  Finally, we get our food and we realized we were never given fork or knife or napkins, so we patiently waited... and waited... and waited... finally decided to get up and find someone to ask for our silverware and napkins since no one obviously cared to come our way. I'm not a great cook, but my chicken fajitas are 10 times better than theirs. The chicken was flavorless and bland. I ordered both flour and corn tortillas and I only got corn. My husbands burrito consisted of BIG chunks of beef... and I mean chunks. He ate about a fourth of it, and said it was too gross for his liking. My husband drank his entire glass of pepsi and was never offered a refill. Our waiter never once came by to see how things were or offer us anything. When we were done eating, we sat there patiently again, waiting. 10 minutes later someone takes our plates, and another 10 minutes later the waiter finally comes to ask if we needed anything... well gee, the check would be great, get me the eff out of here!