I wanted to move to Agritopia when my ex and I were looking for a big old house in east Gilbert.  I urged him to consider Agritopia.  I extolled the virtues of the charming neighborhoods, tree lined streets, real front porches, alley accessed garages, the centrally located elementary school for our son, the availability of fresh produce raised within the subdivision, and I went on and on but he wasn't having it.  I think he secretly suspected that I was trying to indoctrinate him into some new fangled 21st century commune or something.  \n\nNow I realize exactly what I did wrong.  I didn't force him to come get a meal at Joe's Farm Grill, which just happens to be within a stone's throw to Agritopia and also uses Agritopia's produce garden.  (Or maybe it's Joe's Farm Grill garden and Agritopia uses it?  I dunno, but I do know the two are somehow linked.)    If I had only dragged him into Joe's Farm Grill I could have sealed the deal, I'm sure of it.\n\nJoe's is a really neat little place, surrounded by towering Tamarack trees that have been there forever.  The structure was originally the late 1950's to early 1960's ranch style family home (and former farm) of the same family that now owns Joe's.  Also the family has two other top-notch restaurants, Joe's Real BBQ and Liberty Grill.  The house has since been professionally and radically retrofitted into be a sleek, yet still somehow retro, restaurant, with bathrooms that are so fun and funky that you just have to go there and see for yourself what I mean.  (Trust me.)  The restaurant still retains the old front room of the original house, including the fire place, and it is now a dining room.  It's not hard at all to imagine Joe's family settled around their Christmas tree in their pajamas in the mid-1960's opening presents, completely oblivious to the fact that someday their front room would be a seating area for one of the best places to eat in the whole damn Valley.  Yep, I said it: One of the best places to eat in the whole damn Valley; that is NO exaggeration.\n\nThe food here is amazing.  It's wildly flavorful, perfectly cooked, and deliciously paired with different sides and it's all reasonably priced to boot.  They know what they do here, and they do it perfectly.  My personal favorite here is the seared Ahi Tuna sandwich with a Wasabi dressing.  I can't even describe how good it is.  It's just a flat out flavor bomb.  (Tip: I will reiterate that the tuna is seared, so if you get it and are expecting a fully cooked tuna steak you will be confused and perhaps even disappointed; don't be, just eat it and savor the deliciousness of a perfectly seared tuna steak on a toasted bun with a wonderful Wasabi dressing and a zesty Asian slaw.)  It is my favorite sandwich from anywhere, ever.  I have also tasted their pizzas, burgers, hot dogs, shakes (come topped with a green cherry!) and French fries and all have been outstanding.  I really cannot find a single criticism for this place.\n\nOh wait, I just thought of one criticism; that there isn't a Joe's Farm Grill closer to my home, since my ex refused to let us buy a house there.   *pout*