Well, I will hand them this...they've got balls.  BIG balls...well, ok, not all THAT big. If you listened to the foodie social pages, they'd say they had the biggest balls of all.\n\nBut the balls I paid $16 to put in my mouth were NOT all that big.\n\nLast year at this time, I wanted to treat my co-worker to dinner for her birthday, and we ended up at Mahoney's, where the server left part of poor Rachel laying on the floor until we left. This year, I left the choice up to my co-worker, and she wanted the balls. So off we went to Sienna Mercato after work.\n\nAtmosphere, atmosphere, atmosphere...\n\nOk, so enough of the silliness. We both ordered the saucy balls, not to be confused with the Schwetty Balls, which consisted of four balls of choice over a bed of your choice. My co-worker had been here previously, and had tried the beefy balls, and found them to be tough, and she had tried the pork balls and liked them. So we both ordered the spicy pork balls, served on a bed of mac n cheese, hers with creamy Parmesan, and mine with 'Government' cheese. I don't recall what 'sauce' she ordered to top her balls, but I chose the mushroom gravy.\n\nGleefully, they are Coke people, so we both ordered Diet Cokes. The sodas arrived, and we both sipped at about the same time, and both of us developed the same look on our faces. This was regular coke, not diet. The server was very pleasant, and made the switch. Ahhhhhh, that was better. \n\nOh look...six TV's with sports coverage...now there's something different.\n\nThe female service staff all looked very clean cut. The male service staff...well...kinda looked liked they'd just crawled out of bed, and dressed from the hamper. Just sayin'...\n\nAfter about fifteen minutes of small talk and soda sipping...our bowls of balls were placed before us.\n\nNow, just to give you a hint about how big the balls are...in almost all of the photos that have been posted, you will see what looks like a wooden skewer impaled into a meatball on the plate. Items in mirror may appear larger than they do in real life. This is not a skewer, but is actually a wooden sandwich pick with a bead on it. Now that you have an actual scale to think of, that ball doesn't look so big now, does it? And...they're not.\n\nAre they tasty? Yes. Are they phenomenally spectabulous, take your breath away, freakin' magnificent like the balls your Italian Nana cooked up with her famous gravy? Um...they're about the same...except Nana had bigger balls, and really WANTED you to mangia all of them. We had four. On top of a spoonful of mac n cheese seasoned with (as far as my tongue would guess) Old Bay seasoning.\n\nThe mushroom gravy was brown...and at one point when the server came by I asked her if the mushroom gravy was supposed to have mushrooms in it. She said yes, and that it did. But she 'believed' they were pureed. Hmmmmm. Good cover for no chunks.\n\nNow, according to the latest price index, ground pork currently stands around $2.50 per pound. That's NOT allowing for a bulk discount usually afforded to a restaurant purchaser. These four balls certainly were not a full pound, and I'm pretty darned sure that in usual meatball style, they were cut with some bread crumbs, bound with an egg, and with a pinch of seasoning added. Your average box of mac n cheese, which will serve four according to the box, starts around fifty cents. Gravy - milk, flour, some pork fat, already made with the baking of the balls, a few pinches of seasoning. Per person, maybe a buck max. \n\nSo, two portions of this, eight balls, two scoops of mac n cheese, with two Diet Sodas, no sides or bread or anything, and the total bill came to $36.38 before tip.\n\nSo...once again, in da burgh...I bought a big ol' heaping plate of atmosphere, drastically upcharged by a greed mongering dahntahn landlord, whom, like most other Pittsburgh land owners, believes that their property values are on the same par as a real city like NYC, Chicago, or San Fran, and that forcing a business to overcharge so that they came make bills and RENT, is a-ok.\n\nThey tasted good. They tasted like meatballs made of pork. No better or worse than anywhere else. Mac n cheese is mac n cheese. Were eight meatballs, two serving spoons of mac n cheese and two soft drinks worth over $40 in the end?\n\nNana? Is your gravy ready yet? I'm hungry...and broke.