Without question the single worst dining experience in memory. I kept glancing around for a candid camera or something. We left in a stupor of disbelief, disgust and regret. \n\nFour of us show up around 10pm on a Friday night. The place is still fairly busy but not packed by any means. We were seated almost immediately next to the image I would expect to accompany the definition of Scottsdale d-bag couple in the dictionary. Over tanned, tatted up, huge biceps and pudgy middle, fake lips, boobs, everything, tons of makeup, absurd amount of jewelry. Cross between circus clowns and the cast of Jersey Shore. That was as good as it was going to get. \n\nWe sat there for at least 15 minutes before a single person stopped by our table. When our late 20something male server showed up he wasn't apologetic. He immediately tried to bond with us like we were long lost bros finally reunited. It was obnoxious, contrived and poorly received considering he was off to a miserable start. We order drinks, which ends up being very confusing for him. How many large bottles of beer? What brand? Five minutes later he stops back to \"double check\" our drink order. YES, that's the order. Now put it in already. We've been here 20+ minutes and you haven't served us a drink!? \n\nHe comes back again to take our food order. In his defense (he really doesn't deserve any), two of us are native Seattleites and consider ourselves sushi connoisseurs (not in a pretentious way - we just have a deep appreciation for and eat it frequently). We ask about the size of the sashimi and nigiri orders and he launches into a long description of the difference between the two. Yes, we know. We order an assortment of nigiri and a roll to start, which is our standard approach to ordering at a place new to us. Sample a bit and assess the quality. After more hemming an hawing, he finally takes our order and leaves. Five minutes later he comes back AGAIN to double check our order. \"Now that was all nigiri, right? The sushi with rice underneath?\" He says he's going to do us a solid and redeem himself by sending out a free warm crab roll. Ohh, yay! At this point we think this must be a prank. Is this guy high? Inept? Both? What is going on? We confirm, again. He leaves. \n\nThen he FINALLY shows up with our drinks and he's got the beer wrong. At this point he launches into a sob story explanation about how he was called in outside his regular shift, only had 3 hours of sleep, blah, blah. He's now playing the sympathy card. I was getting nauseous. Please just bring the food and leave us alone. The last thing we want to hear about it your problems during our dinner. \n\nAt least 20 minutes go by while we enjoy some time without our server making us cringe and the food finally arrives. The portions are small to tiny. The quality is okay at best. I've had better at a conveyor belt place back home. The server comes back and says something like \"Isn't that the most amazing roll you've ever had?\" Dear God. No, actually, it's not. Please leave. \n\nWe foolishly decide to order a couple more items (we were still hungry) and our server tells us the rather expensive snapper on the fresh list is incredible. In the five years he's worked there they've never had it and it's the best fish he's ever had. That should have been our clue not to order it. We did anyway. It comes out and it's seared skin on. It was, again, just okay and certainly not worth the price. Here comes server guy telling us how amazing it was again. Please, please, please just bring the check. \n\nHe shows up with the check and, this will shock you, it's wrong. He's charged us for the roll he sent out to redeem himself. We point it out and request it be removed and he's stunned. No waaay. I'm so sorry I'll take that off right away. He shows up five minutes later to \"double check\" that we wanted the free roll he sent out removed from the bill. I almost fell out of my chair. Then he has the audacity to deliver the final, corrected check and tell us when we come in next time, to request him and he'll give us some free rolls to redeem himself. You have got to be joking? The kicker is the price of such a horrific experience. We were so ready to get the hell out of there we just paid and split. If it had been earlier in the evening I would have spoken to the manager and made sure I wasn't ripped off. \n\nQuick summary - this place is in the W and it's targeted at what I can only assume is their typical demographic. They substantially over charge for mediocre sushi because they can and, based on other reviews, practice suspect billing (like trying to charge us for the comp'd roll). I will never, ever return and hope some day my friends and I can laugh about how we were literally robbed of a couple quality hours together while we endured this debacle of a dining experience.