The Skinny: large selection of menu items, reasonable prices, phenom artisan root beer (4) service: efficient, friendly (4) value: pretty reasonable considering the quality (4).\n\nWe were scouring around town to find a great place for hot dogs and so far fell short... until Great Links.\n\nThe first time we ate here, we were literally overwhelmed by the selection here. I mean in addition to hot dogs, you have burgers, sammys, a selection various fried items smothered with a different toppings and salads. And for you vegetarians out there, they have a mighty fine selection of veggie kielbasa, bratwurst, italian sausage, hamburgers. I've never heard of veggie kielbasa, but I thought that was a pretty brilliant thing.\n\nPersonally, being of the meat eating persuasion, I ordered myself a grilled chicken salad. Yeah boring I know. But honestly, my company was instituting this whole exercise\/eat right initiative and I felt obligated to participate. (I have since fallen off the bandwagon.) Really at a place like this, I wasn't really expecting much because it is a burger\/hot dog joint after all. I was surprised though. Although it's romaine, it's clearly freshly chopped (note, none of that early brownish tinge you get when it's been cut a long time ago) with other veggies.They have a very simple oil and vinegar dressing that hit the spot. Plus, the chicken was plentiful and moist. For less than $7, it's far superior to many grilled chicken salad in the same price range.\n\nThe hubs couldn't help but try their artisan root beer. For us soda drinkers, it's got that real root beer-ish, herbacious flavouring (in an absolutely good way) that brought us back to the good ol' days. A must try!\n\nNot being on a company diet, the hubs has had the rueben, their KC Masterpiece Nascar special featuring Boarshead sausage, their italian sausage and side orders of their fried zucchini, regular shoestring fries and freshly cut french fries. Their reuben was pretty great while the KC Masterpiece Nascar special was a little overwhelming with all the cheese, BBQ sauce on it - it kind of detracted from the flavours of the sausage. Regardless, their plainer renditions fare better - the casings got a nice snap to it.\n\nThe sides were a hit or miss. The fried zucchini's batter was a little too heavy and fell apart when you picked it up. Their fresh cut fries don't have quite the crispiness that I look for in a french fry. I prefer their shoestring fries which were much crispier and lighter -- FYI - their shoesting is more the size of your standard McDonald's french fries. \n\nOverall, given the price, I would definitely recommend this place for a good tuck in of hot dogs and root beer (4).