Let me first say we have been looking for a reason to drive up and try this, because we have eaten at several GC's in Nebraska when we go for vacation each year (Omaha, Bellevue and Lincoln locations), and it is really a nice place to eat. We have always been surprised at the selection of fresh fruits, veggies, and nice meat options they had, so we figured the CA location should be better, even yet. We did see the reviews, most of which are not so hot, but, decided we would go check it out, and weigh it against the locations we have been to and enjoyed.\n\n1) SALAD BAR - The leafy items (lettuce, spinach, etc) were mushy, and soaking wet from what i assume was water, but, they ended up being soggy and pretty much not edible(i believe its pretty hard to ruin fresh lettuce, and spinach, isn't it?)...Sad when it was simple salad fixings.....Definitely ZERO stars of 5 here.....HORRIBLE!\n2) MEAT\/VEGGIE OPTIONS - Although these were not horrible, they were horribly disappointing. By this i mean they were simple, basic, and nothing really special that we couldn't have gotten at other buffets. Sadly disappointing. Maybe 2 stars of 5 here.\n3) TASTE- This may have been the biggest disappointment of them all - There were 2 options. One was so salty you could barely stand to eat these items (this was chicken, potatoes, Mexican menu, etc)...Just horribly over salted!, The 2nd option, was bland, tasteless food - Like they forgot to add any seasonings whatsoever?? Again, this would rate a ZERO of 5 stars in my book.\n4) CLIENTELE - While you expect some big eaters at these type of buffets, i have NEVER seen so many 200 lb women, and 300 LB Men, eating like a bunch of wild rhinos, like this was the first food the had seen in a week....It was a disgusting site to say the least. Not to mention trying to get to the food with them in front of you, they were scooping, eating, burping, etc...I don't want to make fun of anyone, or be rude, but, what we witnessed here, was a horrible scene, and if i could rate this at a negative, i would.\n4B) CHILDREN - I don't mind well behaved kids at a restaurant at all, but, there were kids running wild all over this place while we were there. If you weren't careful turning around after putting food on your plate, there would be a kid running by knocking the plate out of your hands, or they were in the line in front of you touching, and tasting the different items......I listed this as 4B, because a lot of the kids i am talking about, were with the food shoveling adults from #4 above.\n5) DESERTS - This is where i would have to give a pretty good rating - They do have a large selection of deserts to choose from. After dealing with most of the negative items above, i didn't try anything, i just wanted to get the hell out of this dump before i barfed. My GF decided she would go have a couple of strawberries dipped in the chocolate fountain - Guess what, not a strawberry to be found, and we are in the peak season right now for fresh strawberries, and they are dirt cheap at all of the local super markets.....Disappointing to say the least.\n\nSUMMARY - We will NEVER go back to this location for as long as we live. We went last Friday at about 11 am, trying to avoid the long lines, and have some fresh menu items, before everyone got there for lunch, but, that plan sadly failed based on the above notes. I was more than disgusted leaving this place on Friday, but, i did want to think for a few days before reviewing. You may think my review is mean, and over stated, but, i assure you this is what we experienced at this location. When we weigh this location against the many locations we have visited in the Midwest, this place would barely rate as a garbage dumpster in comparison.\n\nIf you do decide to go here to get your grub on, i would say you will get your moneys worth, if you can stand to sit and eat with all of the issues this place has. I would suggest entirely different management, and possibly many or all different chefs, because this place couldn't have been a bigger disappointment, and this is coming from someone who's first stop after the airport in Nebraska is Golden Corral! All of this was on a weekday at 11 am, so i can only guess what its like during a real rush hour, or weekends.....\n\nMy real rating would be 1.5 stars, but, i gave it 2 just to be kind - certainly does not deserve the 2 stars in any way.