Never have I ever felt so uncomfortable that I walked out of a restaurant without ordering...until I came here.\n\nI showed up with a friend last Fri. night around 10pm after a Cultural District gallery crawl.  I suggested this place since it seemed interesting and different, it had strong ratings on Yelp, and they offered a free glass of sangria for a check in.  When we walked in, it was fairly busy and seemed understaffed, and there was no hostess to seat us.  Since we were planning to order a few drinks and some tapas, my friend suggested we sit at the bar, and I agreed, so we walked over and seated ourselves.  A guy who looked like the manager or owner walked over pretty promptly and handed us some food and drink menus, which we perused for about 10 min.\n\nOnce we'd decided what to order, we set our menus down, and the guy who'd handed them to us came over to take our order.  The weirdness started when I said, \"Well, I'd like to claim my free sangria since I checked in on Yelp,\" only to realize that the guy purportedly taking my order had disappeared!  I gave my friend a confused look, and he told me that the guy had walked off right after I said \"Well,\" and joked that perhaps starting an order with \"Well,\" was unacceptable in this establishment.  It was at this point that I realized that we weren't sitting at the bar--we were actually sitting at the chef's table (which is structured similarly to the bar)!  My friend hadn't known this when he led us over there to sit, and I only happened to know that this was the chef's table b\/c I'd read that they had one.  Nobody, including the guy who \"waited\" on us, had bothered to tell us this simple fact, or to suggest that we may want to move elsewhere if we weren't planning on ordering entrees--instead, they just ignored us!  At this point, we both felt weird enough that we got up and decided to leave, and did so without further ado.\n\nI'm not sure if we were profiled as peons who didn't look wealthy enough to be sitting at the chef's table, or if this place was so understaffed that they decided to blow off anyone showing the slightest degree of indecisiveness.  Either way, the treatment we received was, quite frankly, unacceptable.  If the management thinks it's okay to ignore customers and make them feel uncomfortable, they won't have many of them left before long--not to mention any revenue.\n\nP.S. We left and headed over to the Harris Grill in Shadyside, where we spent a cool $50 + tip on drinks and food.