Ah, the dreaded worst-experience of my life, horrible service, overcharged BIRTHDAY meal...that ended up in moderate-severe food poisoning.\n\nI'm talking the kind of food poisoning where at one point I desecrated the restrooms of a lovely restaurant in downtown Phoenix and ended up laying face down on the sidewalk...to where a homeless man asked me if I was ok.\n\nYeah.  It was that bad.  Food poisoning aside, it was STILL the worst meal of my life, and this WAS my favorite low-key restaurant in the valley.\n\nApparently my birthday fell on the last day of a groupon or livingsocial redemption.  Unlucky us, we paid full price (more than actually...since we were charged for the wrong items they brought out and subsequently took back), and were treated worse somehow than the coupon folks -- because it was a set menu and so the kitchen didn't want to make things not on THAT menu -- despite our paying full freaking price.\n\nFACT: When one is celebrating their birthday, they want a cocktail.  I wanted a cocktail.  Actually, I wanted three.  I got my first cocktail after I'd been there nearly an hour (oh yeah, the \"10 minute\" wait I was told about was actually 40).  I didn't get a refill.  Or asked if I wanted a refill. Of that drink, or my water.  But I asked!  Oh, did I ask!   I drank my water and my dining companions.  And then eventually drank the melted ice from my un-refilled mojito. The 2 employees (great staffing job on a day you know will be busy with coupon redeemers!) were basically losing their minds, running around, and super stressed.  They had basically given up by the time we were eating. \n\nThat is why I feel like the food poisoning occurred from something truly awful. Like employees deliberately fucking with my food horrible.\n\nI'm not sure what they normally do when people have their birthday at a restaurant, but we weren't offered dessert menus, let alone a comped dessert.  They knew it was my birthday.  They knew at the beginning we were paying the full price.  And still...worst.service.ever.\n\n***I actually filled out a comment card back in November listing my email address and phone number, where I specifically requested to be contacted (again, this was before the food poisoning).  This review was written right after the visit, and I sort of \"sat\" on it for literally over 6 months, in hopes someone would actually contact me.  I gave them the chance, I guess they really just don't give a shit.