This burger is not just \"okay\" this burger is off the charts. This is not just a hyped up burger it is perfection.\n\nWe made reservations for 530 as that's when they open. We arrived a little bit early but the staff were kind enogh to seat us and let us in from the cold. The restaurant is small and seats about 30. Reservations are highly recommended as we saw some being turned away unfortunately as it was already booked up by 6pm.  Ambiance was nice... has a private club feel. Leather seating. Marbel tabletops. Candlelight. Service was very friendly and helpful. Since were doing the toronto life top25 burger challange we knew we would be ordering the burger.  It is #1 on their list and we've already tried about 6 places including marben, e11even, gabardine, to name a few. \n\nWe perused the menu ultimately deciding that we would get 2 burgers...one for each of us. Usually we share but we thought. ..if this was truly number 1\n\n. ... we may not want to share. \n\nSo we ordered and got a cider and a beer. \n\nThe burger arrived within 15minutes of ordering. It was served on a wooden plank and plated with a generous serving of fries (perfectly cooked and salted), coleslaw (only thing that I wasn't a fan of) and a homemade lemon aioli and homemade ketchup. Both delish. I preferred the ketchup and the hubby liked the aioli more. \n\nLets talk about this burger. It was priced at $17.00 plus 2.00 for the bacon. Which of coarse we added. Immediately upon wrapping your hands around it.tip: don't dare cut it in half. Youll see when you pick it up whole and take a big bite out of it. Thw juicy just seep....this burger made of ground beef cheek and shoulder is cooked medium rare anf just how a burger should be. It had the same consistency of marbens burger but double the size. The toppings were perfect!! Salty bacon (note bacon is tasty but flaccid for those who have a preference for crunchy bacon) and cheese with sweet caramelized onions and a grainy mustard.... all brought together in joyous harmony with an egg bun. Seriously. .. the combinations of flavour were epic. Every bite tasted better than the last. And when we were done our meals...we were stuffed.\n\nBut we had to finish our meal with a sweet ending. We ordered the ricotta doughnta with the custard.  Super delicious and a perfect light way to end this meal.\n\nWe had a lovely evening here and are happy to report that we found the best burger in the city and toronto life was right.\n\nDo yourself a favour and try it for yourself.