Visited Sweets Raku at the tail end of our Las Vegas trip this Spring. We didn't venture outside the general strip\/ major tourist areas too much, but decided we had to check this off our bucket list before we left based on the great reviews. \n\n- Seating: Luckily, we arrived fairly early near the opening hours so our party of four was seated upon arriving. Shortly after, more people began arriving and there was quickly a line that formed for seating. We sat at the bar\/ counter, so we could see the desserts as they were being made. \n\n- Desserts: We decided to go for all of the main desserts after trying their three most popular desserts. Each desert came out to $12 on its own. \n\nThe first we tried was the Ichigo (Balloon Shaped Thin White Chocolate Cup filled with Pie Crust and Strawberry Mousse, served with Strawberry Candy filled with Strawberry Sorbet and Condensed Milk Mousse). This was by far my favorite, from the creation, presentation and taste. It was certainly 'gram worthy and felt like a party exploded in your mouth each time you took a bite! If you had to choose just one dessert from Sweets Raku, get this! \n\nNext we got the Mars (Yuku Mousse and Chocolate Cream with Hazlenuts and Assorted Fruits covered with White Chocolate Piece Flambéed with Brandy). This was my second favorite order and again was well presented. They pour a hot syrup on top from a gold glass over the dessert which melts the perfectly rounded dessert to expose the ingredients inside -- kind of like a planet exploding to reveal it's inner deliciousness. \n\nThen we got the Miyabi (Green Tea Soufflé, Vanilla Ice Cream and Seasonal Fruits in a Green Tea Cookie Wicker Basket, Served with Kumquat Sauce). This was my third favorite, it was an interesting and unique taste with a bit more bitter taste than the other dishes but complimented well with the sweetness of other flavors. The various textures like crunchiness also added another layer. This would be great for those that prefer a dish that isn't overtly on the sweet side. \n\nAfter receiving the aforementioned desserts, we decided to just complete the rest of the menu with two additional dessert dishes -- in hindsight we wish we hadn't as the following two weren't as great in their taste. \n\nThe Angel Cream (Fromage Blanc Mousse and Pear Mousse with Earl Grey Cookies and Dark Chocolate) was absolutely beautiful and a pleasure to watch being made with a special carefulness and precision. However, the taste which was unique and combined interesting flavors, wasn't at all to our liking. The last dish we got was the Mt. Fuji (Chestnuts Cream with Fluffy Sponge Cake). This was also interesting to watch being made, with spaghetti like dessert noodles being spurned out and spices dashed on top. This was very bitter and again, not very tasty in my opinion. \n\nOverall, we had a great experience at Sweets Raku, one that was heightened by our sitting at the bar and watching how each dessert dish was carefully made with care by the chefs. The dishes were well portioned and we were easily able to share each one amongst our party of four. For those trying Sweets Raku for the first time, I'd recommend trying just two to three of the desserts in the following order: Ichigo, Mars and Miyabi. Also try to get there early when they open or you'll have to wait in line that quickly builds.