Spa whore, I am! I work in the industry, live in the industry and have breathed the industry for the last 5 years so I know spas. After a few stressful weeks of work, school and planning a wedding I suddenly remembered I am a better version of myself when I take adult time outs. My \"corner\", so to speak, was at Joya spa. I just so happen to remember a TravelZoo purchase I made a few months ago for a massage or facial at Joya Spa at the Montelucia Resort in Phoenix.\nBoy, was I excited! I called, booked an appointment with a male therapist and started to prepare myself for my next great spa adventure. \nAfter anxiously awaiting  Sunday to roll around, I finally found myself walking into a Moroccan paradise. The space was entrancing from the moment I walked in. It smelled like a spa and helped to set the mood for my day of relaxation. I was given a full tour of the facilities and allowed to set my intentions with small crystals in a round room, and then brought into a room with a GIANT crystal used to help calm, bring intention and awareness of your visit and to yourself. The woman giving me the tour was very professional and thorough. Though informative, I was waiting for a warm connection from her, and never received it.\nAfter being led to the locker room, I changed into my bathing suit and waited in the woman's lounge for my provider to find me and take me back for my massage experience.\nI chose a male provider. Knowing I had tension, knots and stress I was hoping for a firm, slow, relaxing massage. I have had MANY massages and this one was actually a little disappointing. My therapist picked me 7 minutes late and ended 5 minutes early. The strokes consisted of a lot of rocking and fast movements. Not really the relaxing experience I was craving. My massage therapist was very sweet and genuine in his approach, I was just hoping for something more.\nI definitely didn't let my treatment ruin my experience! The facilities were amazing!  They were clean and always stocked with towels. I have to say the spa attendants ROCKED!!!!! I could not believe how efficient they were. I observed on 5 occasions (YES 5) every time a shower was vacant an attendant was there to clean it up, any time a towel was on the floor, it got picked up immediately. They worked together like a well oiled machine! And I would love to give them props for making me take notice to the work the do!\nI plan on returning! I may not receive a massage because of my experience, but I truly enjoyed the facilities and the staff. I'm even thinking of booking a suite for my bridal party to enjoy the day there. In the end, if you know massage the way I do, please beware, you may not get all the bang for your buck in your treatment.