Ok, so the complex is under new management as of 2012. I thought I should give them a chance, and see if they were any better than the absolutely abysmal previous management. It's been a few months, and nothing has changed at all. Nothing. THIS PLACE STILL SUCKS.  \n\nSo here are the big issues. Firstly, and let me be clear on this, ROACHES. Seriously, people- It's like \"Joe's Apartment\", circa 1996 in this place (Google it if you don't know the movie. Trust me on this.), and *no*- that's not due to my cleaning regimen. I keep this place spotless, but it doesn't make a bit of difference. Every so often, Mr. Cockroach and his drinking buddies come gallivanting across my living room, casual as could be. Tiny, harmless little things, you say? Nay nay. Giant, likely radioactive, arrogant little bastards. To the roach's credit, it's not like it's their fault. Interlopers, to be sure, but honestly- who could blame them for coming in. There are HUGE GAPING HOLES under the kitchen and bathroom cabinets. That's how they were built. Ridiculous. \n\nSecond, every unit has a \"wooden\" balcony on the back porch (I'm convinced they're made of freaking balsa wood). These things have degraded to such a state that I kid you not, I could push gently upon them and watch with glee as they tumble to the ground below- provided they don't simply blow away in the wind beforehand. Incredibly unsafe, absolutely not up to code, and from what I've been told, there are no plans to repair\/replace them anytime soon. Hope you don't like going outside your Roach Palace, cause you'll probably fall to your doom if you try. \n\nSpeaking of which- what's the point of going outside? The entire place is covered in sparse \"Sonoran\" gravel and bone-dry earth. Ambiance, not good. The word \"wasteland\" comes to mind. If the landscaping wasn't bad enough, and you do survive the harrowing trek across what basically amounts to a creaky rope bridge (i.e. your balcony, walkways or stairs), you'll get to enjoy the delightfully colorful and \"salt of the earth\" people that apparently rent the rest of this place out. \n\nI'm not making a word of this up. I've had to call the police to stop fist-fights in the parking lot at least 10 times. Also had an old man who frequented the 1 tired and parched bush that still survives outside my unit to take a piss, after draining a couple of tallboys by the dumpster, presumably on his way home from work. Guy did this practically daily. Not that I'd need to call the cops, really- they're basically in the complex at all times, what with the domestic and animal abuse, theft, etc. that happens here daily. \n\nBy the by, when I give someone a rent check, and they say \"thanks\" and mark my rent as paid, I generally don't expect a threatening eviction letter on my door, due to the fact that the office \"must have lost the check somewhere\". Never found it, either. I had to close the bank account it was written on- and they had the nerve to try and charge me a late fee!!? That takes some real balls. \n\nTo their credit, most of the maintenance team does good work (at least within the management's complete refusal to give them any money for repairs, parts, etc), but don't expect them to actually replace anything. Fresh coat of paint or a good kludge is about the best you can expect. They had to PAINT my bathtub twice now. Yes, you read that correctly. Giant pieces of paint began to flake off of my tub- lead based or otherwise, I wasn't privy- and their solution was to basically kick us out of our apartment for the next two days, as the noxious fumes from whatever they sprayed over the tub and shower would have killed off everyone inside (except maybe the aforementioned roaches, which WILL NOT DIE). That's the solution to a chipping and flaking tub. Paint it. Not even an 8-year old would think that was smart. \n\nOh, almost forgot to mention the overall condition of the units inside. Disgusting isn't a powerful enough word to make my point here. Filthy, once-white but now very much NOT white carpeting which is ill-fitting, and clearly not done by a professional (almost an inch gap between the carpeting and the wall, which doesnt have any baseboards by the way), the haphazardly painted walls, some parts glossy, some not, and some random grey wall in the living room- don't forget the gaping holes in the cabinetry, etc. They didn't even clean the damned toilet before we moved in. \n\nSo yeah, if you're thinking of renting here, I say basically run screaming from this place as fast as you can. You know someone else who lives here? Avoid them, they're probably ex-cons or selling drugs. \n\nTo the new management, get your act together and fix these incredibly glaring problems, and maybe- just maybe- the place won't get condemned. \n\nCLOWN SHOES.