I would have given it more stars for the actual place but I have bad experience with the initial time share representation. First of, never even know this timeshare exited until we were approached by a nice man name Bill at Ontario Mill.  For 199$ with credit of 50$ back in credit card we can book anytime with Blue\/green for 3nights anywhere in their Vegas resorts and also a free 3-5 nights cruise after attend the 2hrs time share presentation \nWe would get 25$ extra in credit if book within 30days from purchase this deal. \nFirst attempt was a week before Labor Day weekend,  I try to book at Tropicana but was unsuccessful since the lady on the phone stated nothing available and earliest she can book us is Mon Sep 5.  My husband called up the next day and spoke with different rep who stated the days we requested are still available and that he can't guarantee that we would be able to stay at Tropicana but he could put in a request and we need to pay extra.  We would be accommodated to one of the four resorts they have in Vegas, (one is on the strip , one is down town, other two are close by ) on those days we requested . Due to I am not a very spontaneous person, I like to know exactly where I will be staying so the phone rep told my husband he can upgrade us to club 36 resort which consisted of 1 bedroom, living room, dining room with kitchen and full laundry room for the Labor Day weekend which we happily accepted.\nThis place is basic , no frill place. It is def not the Elara , Hilton Mandelay  Bay or one of the fancy place on strip but it was clean and doable for family vacation that can't afford to stay on the strip. It has no  casino, only small  eatings establishments there like Subways, pizza, bagel, Mex restaurant and an ABC convenient store. It does have a shuttle that drop you off on strip but doesn't pick you up. U have to use taxi, uber or lift to get back \nCheck in on Sat 9\/3 was a breeze and all the employees were extremely sweet. We even got our presentation for next day at 11AM \nRoom wasn't what I expected since  we do have time share with the Hilton and I tends to stay in Elara or in Flamingo Hilton itself. There was no view either. They do have a pool which smell really strong with chlorine and a work out room. We didn't try out any of those amenities so I can't tell \nThe day of presentation was when things went down hill from there and even though they try to make it better but by this time my husband and I were so upset with the process I wouldn't even want to listen to what they have to say since I feel they could have handle it a little bit better. \nAs stated one of the requirement was a combined income of 40k.  Hubby and I are both well qualify for that criteria on our own . I wasn't driving , hubby was and by me switching purses so often I brought along an expired driver license and for that the initial girl who check me in refused to allow us to go through the presentation but just tell me we need to sit there at the lobby without further guidance or instructions We sat there for 15 min while being ignored . Mean while I was wondering why I am sitting here and for what I am waiting for so I venture up to the counter explained to another girl and asked what I am supposed to do next. She asked me if I bring along a passport with me. Told her no, I don't usually carry passport and driver license.   Who live here in US would carry both passport and driver license ? . I asked them since my husband have a valid driver license why can't they switch my name to his as the primary person instead of me and I also told them the requirement is for both to make 40k\/yr but since either one of us is qualify why can't we went through the presentation ? They insisted on it is their policy to have both valid driver licenses prior sitting through their presentation. I told them never heard such a thing, understandable that need both valid licenses if we are purchasing the time share and  if both incomes need to combine but our incomes alone do  meet the requirements from either my husband or I. They could not give me a straight answered except for me to call the customer rep and asked. They also informed me that I have to pay full rate for the night I stayed if I can't show proof of a valid driver license. They couldn't even tell me how much I owed so I can pay and get myself out of this place . Again they didn't know. By this time my husband got extremely upset of the whole process since where we bought before  they only requires income, and only one need to show a valid ID, don't need a husband and wife consent to buy but requires both spouses to attend. I tried  to asked the rep since my husband qualify and able to buy what different does it make if my ID expired or not. Finally I was able to text them my valid ID from home \nBottom line, they might have better selling time if they revamp their policy without giving hassle, allowing couple to attends if either husband \/wife qualify .