If i could i would give this place a negative star rating!!!!\nFound this place on booking.com decided to give it try from the pictures everything looks great. But pictures can be deceiving! I would upload mine but I cant since my Phone was stole from my room!!!\n\nHeres the Story on how my phone got stole from my room.\nWe check in Friday evening around 4:30ish pm. Everything was great! We had to pull around to the back of the hotel because it was closest to our room... When we did there was a car pulled over with a man pissing in plain site... that was strike 1. We go settled in and later that night when we got back to our room around 11 or so i went to try on the tv in the room and it did not work so I call the front desk and they sent over the Security Guard!? with was weird... He wasn't able to get the tv to work.. strike... about an 1\/2 hour after he left there was a weird long beep like an alarm that had went off for about 1 minute... didn't know where the noises was coming from i thought i had pressed a button for the ac or something in our room went off.  We DID NOT receive a call from anyone letting us know what was going on. but we did find out the next day that someone in the hotel was smoking so much in their room that it set off the fire alarm!! how did we not get notified that it was a fire alarm in the first place!! super unprofessional!!!! Strike 3 on day one still... So Saturday we didnt stay much in the room. House keeping came by in the morning and gave me extra towels which was nice the lady was very friendly. So we got back to our room around 1am went to sleep and woke up around 6:30am from a knock at the door we opened the door to find the security guard standing there with my purse in his hand asking if it was my Purse which it was he said he found it down the hall and said he came to ask us because our door was wide open!!! like literally WTF! i looking in there and of course the only items that were missing where my phone and wallet!! bummer right. The security guard did nothing to console me or even offer to call the cops for us or offer us to take a report NOTHING was done!!  He just leaves us in our room... so i go to the front desk because i want to know what happened! i ask the guy at the counter if the they had any cameras he said not in the hallways to the rooms only on the out side but they are not functional! i was literally standing there like trying to wrap my brain around what i was being told. so the security guard is standing there as well they both seem very unbothered by my situation they did not care about what the severity of the matter was really was!! all they said was well you probably left your door open!! like how and why would we do that for! i ask to speak to the manager or someone else who was in charge and all the guys said look if you want you could call the police and report it to them! they gave no FUCKS about me.. look i wasnt upset that my phone wallet with all my cash was stolen i was upset because well i slept in my closed door hotel room that someone just came in!! it could of been much worse i could of died been raped a million worse things could of happened to me!! So as im standing there trying to figure out what i want to do to these two morons im talking too and really trying to comprehend the whole situation i notice a bag on the floor right next to the security guard he seemed to have been trying to hide the whole time i was talking to him. and i tell thats my bag ( it only had food in it) how do you have it? dumb founded again!!! he said oh this is i found it on another floor... like what the fuck hello and still they were unfazed about any of this it all seemed very normal and not such a big of deal!!! so i leave the front desk still in shock and very confused!! (side note: my family were all staying here all together we had 5 rooms in total) so i go to my dads room to tell him the story and he said someone was going around knocking on the doors in the middle of the night. he said he went our to check and seen no one.. fast forward to me checking out i go to back one more time to talk to the guy in the front desk and ask so theres isn't a manager or anyone else i can talk to? he said that the manager would be out to talk to me. i hear him on the phone with her saying there is a lady here that wants to talk to u she \"supposedly\" got robed from her room.So she comes out and was like here is a incident report you could fill out. as we sat there i was telling her my story and how unprofessional everyone has been. she tells me that she checked the cameras and seen nothing and that she also check to see if the security guard had anything is his log and he had nothing not once was it mentioned to her! she said she'd let their insurance know and that id get re burst by their insurance for the items that where stolen! as i was finishing the report a lady walks in with my wallet she said she had found in the walkway in no where near my room w\/no money