I am a current resident here, and for the most part I love these apartments. The property it's self I think is very beautiful, I love the atmosphere here, and it seems very peaceful\/safe most of the time. There are 2 full sized pools that are amazing, 1 kiddie pool, 2 full sized tennis courts, a basketball court (well a half of a court, I do wish that it was full, and that they had more than one hoop. It does seem odd to have 2 full sized tennis courts that no one uses, and a half of a basketball court that allot of people do actually use, but just my opinion). Anyways back to my review, aside from that the park layout is very pretty, not much of a playground, but not bad either, and plenty of grass area to run around in\/ play football and\/or soccer in! The apartments themselves inside are gorgeous. I love the brick wall (wish that the whole apt. was brick inside, but I do honestly love this apartment. The apartment also comes with a very nice kitchen (with dishwasher, and gas range stove\/oven), and it is affordable. On the outside the parts that they have redone, and painted are very pretty, but I do feel that they should repaint all of the outside, not just some.\n\nOk so with all good comes bad, when I moved in I absolutely loved all of the staff here, but recently they have had some new people in the office, and seem to be getting rid of some of the staff that in my opinion made this place feel like a home. In particular the manager is extremely rude, and she does not seem to have any people skills at all in my opinion. I do honestly love these apartments, but I do fear that I may not soon enough. A negative attitude, and personality (especially when in charge) tends to change allot of things in negative ways, yes I am sure that she deals with daily stress just like everyone else who has a job in this world, but an attitude of how you deal with that stress is in my opinion is what defines us as human beings. Aside from that the only other complaints I would have is they should do a little rearranging when it comes to the trash cans, as in some areas it gives horrible blind spots no matter how slow you are driving\/paying attention. Then when it comes to laundry be sure not to leave your clothes here un supervised as they will get stolen, I had $300 worth of clothes stolen out of the main laundry room, and also the machines do rip you off once and awhile as well. Overall a good place to live though, and I hope that the few staff that they still have that was here in the beginning stays, and either they bring back some of the old, or get some new in particular the manager replaced, or a change of attitude.