Won't be back, but if last evening is any indication of how the place is run I can't believe they'll be in business very long anyway.  Visited 12-7 for dinner.   We should have followed the lead of another party that came in before us.  They left after getting spring rolls and apparently the rest of their order either never came out or was all wrong.  That was the only other party in the dining room when we arrived.  \n\nWe waited 5-10 minutes for someone to come take our orders, meanwhile watching the waitress Ping-Pong her way through the restaurant with a water pitcher. Finally another server got our orders.  The three of us ordered spring rolls and egg rolls as appetizers plus three entrees. The spring rolls came out the same time as my pho,  which came out a good 15 minutes before any of the other entrees.     \n\nThe #30,  a soup that was supposed to be rice noodles and won-ton,  chicken and beef had ramen noodles (from a pack that was still basically solid in the bowl) plus shrimp and about a ton of cilantro.  When my daughter told the server that wasn't what she ordered the waiter took the bowl back and had a discussion with the kitchen, then came back and said #30 on the menu was just a test item and what they put before her was really what was in a # 30.  Seriously?  Since it had now been 30 minutes since we ordered,  and we figured the chances of getting something else any time soon was not likely,  she kept it and ended up eating only about half of it. \n\nSo,  two down one to go... After another 5 or so minutes,  they brought my husband's dish.   This was a rice dish that was supposed to have a pork chop plus some other proteins plus sunny side up eggs.  The pork, eggs and rice were fine  but nothing else on the plate was a) recognizable b) edible.  This from a guy who eats pretty much anything you put in front of him.   Plus,  we watched the plate make its way around the restaurant two or three times before making it to us.\n\nFinally the egg rolls came out another 5-10 minutes after the last entrée.  There was apparently a bigger party in another part of the restaurant,  and they must have had issues since they kept coming out to ask for service as well.  \n\nTwo other parties started to come in and the servers told them they were closed. It was about 7:30 by this time, supposed to be open til 9:30 but at least they had the good sense to know they were in the middle of a train wreck and not take on any more customers.