Decided to try the new spot in the hood after a good workout. It was leg day, so naturally i was feeling like some Pho. I was sweating my crumbs off so I couldn't wait to get outta my car and into some A\/C and eat some food. Turns out rice paper doesn't have A\/C, i guess they can't afford it, its all good i've totes been there. However, they do offer some complimentary office fans, that they will gladly point in your direction free of charge (thankfully) to help cool you off from the heat outside. Very generous of them in my opinion, they hit that one out of the ball park. My bartender was a very stable, young man, probably in his early 30's and very confident. I first asked their permission to use the bathroom, they allowed, it was rather pleasant in there, almost a bit cooler then the dining area. I pondered for a short while if they would be upset if i asked to dine in the bathroom, seeing as the ambient temperature was a bit more tolerable than the dining area. I decided they might not want me to do that, so i never asked. The happy hour was pretty much a facade in my eyes, the big banner hung up outside is rather misleading in my opinion. The prices on everything are already so extreme, that the happy hour just appears to be normal pricing anywhere else you go. A $6 vodka soda isn't really anything a place should be bragging about for their happy hour. The food happy hour was even more insulting. Buttered noddles with a mint spring for only $9.5\/7.5 on HH. Gee thanks rice paper. The pho price here is hands down, the highest I have seen in my 11 years on this earth. I asked the strapping young barman if the pho comes with a complimentary Iphone 7, he oddly enough told me, no it doesn't, it just includes the bowl of pho. I ordered the firecracker shrimp, tasted great, but it nearly cost my entire life savings. I guess I just can't afford this place as much as they can't afford an air conditioning unit. I'm hoping i win this weeks powerball, because then i certainly can say I will be back and i would love to order that pho. Thank you for the good service barman, you were a considerate man.