SO TIRED of constantly receiving marketing mail in my mailbox from Neubert Painting.  I have NEVER contacted them regarding any potential painting job AND NEVER WILL!  Yet, at least once a week (usually twice) there is some piece of unwanted marketing mail from Owner John Neubert and Neubert Painting delivered to my mailbox.  \n\nFed up with this barrage of unwanted, unsolicited, junk mail, I phoned Neubert Painting on 05\/12\/2015 by using the phone number on their latest unwanted brochure.  When owner John Neubert answered, I politely asked to be removed from his mailing list and I even nicely explained why.  He quickly said he has no mailing list and said the mailings I was receiving, that advertise his painting business and have his signature on the bottom of every one, have nothing to do with him and that it was the 'Post Office who sends them to me.'   \n\n...Really???  ...I  politely replied that clearly the Post Office did not just randomly and free of charge, out of the blue, decide to print up marketing materials for him without his knowledge, with his signature on the bottom of every one, and then send them to me with my name and address printed on them.  I told him that clearly these were his ads, which he generated, and that obviously there must be a mailing list.  I again very politely asked to be removed from his mailing list.  He again said that he didn't have a mailing list and then he talked about some mysterious 'marketing company' who sends them out on their own without any involvement from him.  When I asked for the name of the company so I could contact them, this time he said that it was my letter carrier who takes it upon himself and decides to put these ads in my mailbox.  Really, my letter carrier prints up free marketing materials for Neubert Painting, prints my name and address on them, and philanthropically delivers them to me?  \n\nFor a third, fourth, and fifth time, I again politely asked to be removed from his mailing list.  This time he finally admitted that there was indeed a mailing list, and that he had purchased it from the Post Office, but he said that there was no way to remove my address from it \"without stopping all the mail, everywhere\" and so of course he wasn't willing to do that.  ...Really, removing my name and address from his local painting business mailing list would 'stop all of the mail, everywhere?'  PULEASE!!!!  ....Before I could ask him yet again to remove my address from his mailing list, he became very rude and said he was busy and that I was 'inconveniencing him' and he abruptly hung up on me.  WELL JOHN NEUBERT, I'M INCONVENIENCED EVERY TIME ONE OF YOUR PIECES OF UNWANTED MARKETING JUNK MAIL SHOWS UP IN MY MAILBOX.  \n\n...I have called many other businesses and have politely asked in just the same manner to be removed from their mailing lists.  It's usually a very quick, one or two-sentence phone call and I never receive any further mailings from them.  It really should have been just that simple with Neubert Painting as well.  John Neubert comes across as nothing but a rude, disinterested, con man.  If he responds to a very simple, polite request to be removed from his mailing list with nothing but lies and distain, just imagine how he'd respond to any issues you have once hire him.  If someone is willing to spend that amount of time and energy lying about such a simple, easily resolved issue as a mailing list, just imagine the lies and effort he'd put in when there's money involved.  STEER CLEAR OF THIS GUY.