Ahhh.... Whole Foods, John Mackey's little baby he has turned into a behemoth within the industry. I am so torn by Whole Foods, of course most everything is more expensive. This could stem from when Mackey started the business as a democratic socialist and was not making any money, yet people were complaining about pay and high prices so he then turned into a free market libertarian - you can blame your high prices on that if it makes you feel better. Mackey is also a Vegan, but has said if he didn't sell animal products it would be bad for business(if the business even existed), yeah I get it, but I don't like it. Does anyone even care about the innard workings of the company CEO of the store they love\/hate? Ok I'll cut this short.\n\nThis Whole Foods is an older store, not the real old school hippy-esque store, but it's nothing like the newer flagship stores around the country(like the one on Mayo). This obviously means they have to cut back on their selections to a degree but they still do a good job of cramming everything into this much smaller, albeit more \"quaint\" store. If I go to the Mayo store I am gone for 2 hours but only come back with a bagful of stuff because I was lost in a trance \"browsing\"; this makes my girlfriend very angry.\n\nI don't buy all my groceries here because I don't think some things are worth what they charge but in all honesty you can only find certain things at Whole Foods that you can't find anywhere else(Trader Joe's, Sprouts, Sunflower, etc). The Vegan\/Vegetarian selection is massive compared to those other stores, they simply carry all the latest and greatest - it may not be the cheapest, but they carry it. \n\nOne last item, and this is for pizza loving vegan fools - Whole Foods was one of the first places to carry Daiya cheese. They actually sell shredded containers of it in the refrigerator section, but they also have it available at the deli. The usual counter worker isn't that friendly which is a shame and always seems put out but that doesn't make the pizza any less tasty. You can get one of their \"surfboard\" pizzas which will feed 2 for 2-3 days with a couple of toppings with Daiya cheese for $15.99. This may be the best deal going at Whole Foods and make up for that $8 bar of dark chocolate you just bought.