Another review liken this 'animal hospital' to a dealership. In a way I agree, except that comparison may be giving Centennial Hills Animal Hospital (CHAM) too much credit and is too unfair to dealerships. \n\nThe experience is so unpleasant I don't actually want to author this review. It is possible that for the purposes of routine shots and other 40$ treatments\/procedures\/matters, this animal hospital is perfectly fine. You may want to consider if it is fine or not, but I don't believe for larger, serious procedures (surgery) you should consider CHAM at all. If you are reading this because there may be something seriously wrong with your smaller animal friend, and your first choice is not to kill them, start looking for a different option now. Don't even finish reading this overly long review; just look for another Animal Hospital, please. You're welcome.\n\nThe cat that lives with us was sick. She was vomiting constantly, quite violently. We meant to take her to a higher rated Animal Hospital that is in the same area, but there was an error committed in mapping out the directions so we came to CHAM instead. What followed was the doctor taking a series of xrays (one of which was taken incorrectly, which I had to pay to have retaken at another hospital) and going to the HIGH side of a quote instantaneously. Her recommendation was so extreme (barium GI tract exploration) that the other hospital would not even believe that it was recommended by a veterinarian.  \n\nWhen we asked if it were possible that the xrays results be given to us in hard form so we could get another opinion when the veterinarian was going to show us her findings (this is post-the barium recommendation), she abruptly shut down the presentation\/sales pitch for barium and stormed out of the room. It was like a bad SNL skit (think Will Ferrell as a doctor). \n\nThey charged an extra 5$ for the CD that the xray results were placed in. \n\nIn the end, the poor cat was just constipated. You can't make this shit up. - E