Hiro Sushi is a really good sushi spot, full of fresh fish and traditional rolls. The wait can be a little frustrating because the inside is so small that pretty much only bar seating is available without reservations. Service is very efficient and generally good, although the ordering system can be a little confusing because I was unsure of whether to order with the waitress or the sushi bar chef (I think sushi orders go to the sushi bar chef and entree orders go to the waitress). \n\nOne thing I've noticed is that the same dish rarely comes out with the same presentation twice. I've ordered repeat dishes three times, and each time it's come out differently presented with variable garnish and dressing. It's a nice surprise each time, as each preparation is pleasant, but can be unexpected.\n\nAppetizers:\nAnkimo is steamed to perfection and comes with multiple sauces to choose from. I prefer the ponzu sauce to the sweet miso, but both bring out that really nice creaminess of the ankimo. The fried soft shell crab is tender and juicy, but I'm not a huge fan of the breading; I think it could be a little thinner, but of course there's always the chance that it was a fluke because I've only ordered it once.\n\nNigiri and sashimi:\nThe uni nigiri is served with the traditional nori wrap, and it has always been fresh and sweet in the times I've ordered it. The amaebi is very fresh, and this is the first place that's also taken the time to remove the tails. The fried heads also had the shells removed, which I appreciated, although I think they were slightly overfried. The salmon and hamachi sashimi are absolutely top notch. I adore hamachi, and the cuts and preparation here are definitely on my list of top five. Not only have the cuts been impeccable, glistening, and texturally perfect, the temperature is spot on as well. Hamachi can often be served too cold, but the room temperature with just a hint of chilled here is perfect. \n\nRolls:\nI've pretty much tried all of the rolls on the menu, and I've generally found them to be well-made. Continuing with the more traditional theme, the rolls here are tightly wrapped, on the smaller side, and sport typical combinations. There are some I prefer more than others, especially the ones without crunch (tempura bits) on top because I find them a bit oily. I'd definitely recommend the nigiri and sashimi over the rolls, but that's because the fresh fish is really the star at Hiro Sushi. \n\nBento box:\nThe bento boxes comes with soup, salad, rice, and a pickled side. The pickled radish was pretty darn good, and I haven't had that very often because not many places offer it. The miso soup was nicely balanced and served with chunks of soft tofu, and this version didn't have any seaweed or green onion. The chicken katsu was hands down the best preparation of katsu I've tasted thus far -- it was light, perfectly fried on the outside, and juicy on the inside. The breading wasn't too thick and the seasoning was spot on. It seems like such a simple dish, but it's really hard to make right. The salmon teriyaki was pretty good, but the chicken katsu definitely stole the spotlight. \n\nHiro Sushi's claim to fame is definitely their understanding of fresh fish, and I'm dreaming about the hamachi sashimi even as I write this review. Their chicken katsu is an unexpected love for me as well, and I'll definitely be back.