Almost the worst finance company I have ever worked with. After more than two years, I refinanced because I couldn't handle it anymore. \n\nPOSITIVE:\n1. This company does not shine at any particular subject. \n\nNEUTRAL:\n1. Never had a problem with their online account management system. \n2. Nobody was very rude on the phone, just a little undereducated about their own policies and procedures. \n\nNEGATIVE: \n1. [Tl;dr = they don't talk to each other and aren't military friendly] I'm in the military and was trying to get an authorization from them to ship my vehicle overseas. I called them and asked what they needed for me to do this. I then faxed (outdated, yes see #2) in all of the documents. I called a few days later to check if they were going to send the letter of authorization and they told me that they never received anything. I accepted that there was some slight chance I did not send in the fax correctly and decided to give it another try. I then refaxed it the EXACT same way and lo and behold they received it! Except, of course, they still weren't going to send me the letter because I didn't include a document that the previous person I spoke with did not tell me about. All of this of course after about 3-5 business days processing time which added up to about a month of effort. I gave up with Wells Fargo and refinanced with Navy Federal Credit Union and got the letter of authorization the SAME day. \n2. Can only send and receive documents via fax or mail. This is 2015, WFDS you need to get modernized and start accepting pdf via email. Using email would also fix #4. \n3. Upon refinancing out of the WFDS bureaucratic sinkhole, I sent, along with my payoff check, a request to send the title directly to my new lien holder. This request was, of course, ignored and I had to go through the automated phone process (see #4) to request them to heed my request. \n4. They do not communicate with you after you ask a request or send in a fax. This means for every request you want to follow up on you have to call in and talk to a computer for five minutes then get placed on hold for 10 minutes while they are \"experiencing high than average call volume\" (which is every time I call of course). Then you have to ask them what happened with your request, then they place you back on hold for 5 minutes while they \"do research\". This is seriously so inefficient but it's the only way because they won't update you at all.