This place is nothing more than a shopping trap for those looking for good outlet deals. It seems like it is made primarily for tourists coming in on busses. Waves of people walk around and crowd up stores, bathrooms, and the small amount of eateries here. A lot of them buy big rolling luggages and lug them around the outlet. \n\nAnyways, let me start from the beginning,\n\nParking - We almost didn't even come here after driving around for 30 minutes looking for parking and finding nothing. The parking garage is horrible despite telling you how many spots are available. We came at the wrong time (130pm on a Saturday) and there were \"0\" spots available on all floors except the roof where the electric sign read \"300+\" spots free. Awesome, except when we got to the roof, there were no spots there either. Absolute useless sign. In fact some cars even parked where you're not supposed to park. Cars were circling everywhere and these people can't drive. You end up giving each floor a second chance and finding no difference. One person even reserved a parking spot by standing in the spot where a car is supposed to be. I guess their car was like 6 cars behind a trail of angry drivers passing up an otherwise available spot. We gave up and were already driving out when unfortunately we found someone was leaving so we pulled right in. Taking the bridge across to the outlet was non eventful. \n\nOutlet - you will want to take a quick glance over the directory. Not for the stores (let's face it, you're gonna walk all the way around anyways and hit em  all up) but for the food court and bathrooms. If you walk around in the middle of the day, there is no shade. Small shade sails might block 1% of the sun. Be prepared to bake from store to store. There are air mister fans than attempt to blow cool mist onto you as you pass beneath, but it's so damn hot it evaporates before it reaches you. \n\nStores - you will soon find out that:\n\n1) most of the stores are regular stores. Maybe 1 out of 20 stores are actually considered outlet stores. Basically they're just fillers to accept your money or the money of tourists willing to waste their money on regular items. \n\n2) no deals here unless you buy more than you want. Almost every store will say \"buy one, get another for xx% off\". you want a deal on crocs? Expect to buy three pairs just for the discount. Or get a discount on oakleys if you first pay full price for the first pair. There are far better discounts online on their company sites and you don't need to buy more than you need. \n\n3) there's not too many food stores. It's very weak compared to their sister outlet \"las Vegas south premium outlets\" which I recommend over this place. They are indoors, have two food courts, and less touristy. \n\nI think I could go on and on with this ridiculous place, but I'll stop here. I don't know why people would even like this place enough to recommend it. They obviously have never been to a real outlet. Definitely skip this place at all cost.