My friends and I actually discovered Centro last week completely by mistake. Wanting to settle down and digest after stuffing ourselves at Little Rangoon, my friends thought of taking me to Handlebar J's for a drink (I don't hang around these parts of Scottsdale often so almost any place would be new to me). \n\nAnd so there we were, standing in front of Handlebar J's and about to head in when I noticed the words \"Wine. Bistro. Cafe.\" (or something similar) lit up against a wall on the building next door. Intrigued, we walked towards the light...and walked into Centro itself. \n\nCompletely unassuming, Centro is a great, little intimate joint. Definitely has that wine-bar-y feel, all dark and amber and candles lit everywhere, but still casual and comfortable enough that it never feels stuffy. It felt more like a neighborhood hangout than some obnoxious Scottsdale sceney destination. I think a lot of that has to do with the manager, who was hanging out with some regulars at the bar and was jovial and really welcoming and not wearing all black while looking like someone just stole his puppy. \n\nA pretty decent wine list (we also noticed they have Wino Wednesdays - $5\/glass which looks like a great deal, as well as daily happy hours), and also some great beers, including the awesome Belgian blond ale Triple Karmeliet served in its own special goblet. I say you should have one (or three, if you're not driving). It's really that good. There's also a smallish but decent patio for those wanting to light up or just hang outdoors. \n\nA couple of incongruous things about the bar, however:\n\n1) Music was set to 80's Pop Power Ballads. Kind of random for a wine bar with candles flickering to have REO Speedwagon blaring in the background, but whatever.\n2) Talladega Nights playing on the plasma. Not that I have anything against Ricky Bobby paying homage to sweet baby Jesus for his grand fortune and a bucket of KFC, but I had a hard time peeling my eyes off the screen. But this is a gripe of mine for all non-sports bars  in the Valley that have TVs. Why do this? They should know my eyes automatically find the rectangle with moving pictures like a moth to a flame. The place would be just fine without a TV.\n\nThat said, 4 solid stars for now and hopefully I'll tack on another when I return for a panini. Definitely a great, unexpected discovery and I hope it remains as it is - a seemingly casual neighborhood bar which just happens to specialize in wine and bread with a lot of melted cheese.\n\n* Bonus point to Trish who's organizing an UYE here in January. Great choice. *