I give it a 3 1\/2 stars.  Greasy goodness!  \n\nMega Tom's is not a place I was familiar with until I saw reviews on Yelp.  Apparently they have quite a few of them in Cali, and they have a pretty big following.  I guess it only makes sense since we in LV are neighbors that eventually a Mega Tom's Burgers would show up on our side of the state line.\n\nFair warning, be alert if you go visit Mega Tom's after the sun goes down!  Not that I can't get along in the near ghetto area (or have any issues with it), I just don't want you to think the surroundings are all roses & potpourri.  It's a lower income area so please, be respectful of the people around you.  You never know!  A knife in the kidney or a punch to the face can't be that fun.  And no, I would never make fun of the ghetto, as a college student I lived in a little apartment for 4 years near the badlands of UNLV (Flamingo & Spencer, anyone?) and I've been within throwing distance of gunshots, stabbings, and robberies.  \n\nWith that, Mega Tom's is nice inside.  Clean and tidy for the most part.  Their menu is large are pretty scattered, so it's good if you're as indecisive as I am sometimes when it comes to eating.  There's a little bit for everyone.  Like, total randomness for everyone.  \n\nFor our first visit to Mega Tom's we stuck with what they are popular for, burgers and sandwiches.  The wifey got the Mushroom Burger which she liked at first, until she bit into a large glob of warm mayo.  Ha Ha!  Don't ask me why, but she hates heated mayo on just about anything!  Ruined her appetite.  She liked the burger and the mushrooms with cheese, but the warm mayo set it over the top for her.  Way too greasy!  She ended up leaving the other half for me.  The little one had the Bacon Burger which she loved.  Burger.  Cheese.  Bacon.  Then another slice of Bacon.  And some lettuce and tomato for good measure.  She finished just about all of it.  Again, only complaint was that it was a little greasy.  I had the Club Sandwich (I love them so) and I was surprised.  It was of good quality.  The bread was toasty, the bacon was crispy, the lettuce and tomato were fresh, and there was a good amount of mayo on it for lubrication.  The ham and turkey were supermarket cold cut quality, but I can't ding them too much for that since it's not exactly fancy eats.  Overall a decent sandwich.\n\nMy only complaint?  Greasy!  The onion rings and fries that came with my sandwich were on the slippery side.  Yep, extra napkins needed for cleanup.  We even opted for an extra order of onion rings and oh boy were those greasy too.  Either the oil needs changing or the folks at Mega Tom's need a better way to drain the excess grease!  As you well know, greasy food can leave and unsettling feeling in your tummy.  We all had that afterwards.  I really think we were just on grease overload is all.  If we took out the fries and onion rings, we would have probably been OK and enjoyed our meal more.\n\nBest part about Mega Tom's Burgers?  The prices!  All the combos we had were in the $6 - $8 range each.  Cheap eats for the masses!  And it looks like we will probably try here again soon, their breakfast and dinner plates look interesting, and lots of folks say their Mexican food is on par too.  We'll just get less fries and onion rings next time.\n\nVisit Mega Tom's Burgers...home of (Greasy) Gourmet Fast Food Dining!