The Société de transport de Montréal, otherwise known as the STM, is the public transportation system for the city of Montreal.  While in town, the hubs and I used this as our way to get from one place to another, across town, zig-zagging our way through.  The subway system is very straightforward, with clearly labeled signs; it is similar to London's and the DC's Metro system, where you need to just know the final destination for each of the lines to gauge which direction to go.  There are four distinct colors: Orange (Montmorency to Cote-Vertu), Blue (Saint-Michel to Snowdon), Green (Honore-Beaugrand to Angrignon), and Yellow (Berri-UQAM to Longueuil-Universite-de-Sherbrooke).  Transfers are at Berri-UQAM (for the Green, Orange, and Yellow), at Lionel-Groulx (for the Green and Orange), at Snowdon (for the Blue and Orange), and at Jean-Talon (for the Orange and Blue).  The stops do not guarantee that it will be closest to your destination point, but the buses that run can help you make that trek a little less.  Even with the buses, the signs are clearly labeled once you exit the Metro to know where the stops are located.  Just note, however, that not all bus stops has the pick-up times listed, and all the bus signs do not designated the direction (west-\/east-\/south-\/north-bound; you pretty need to have a good sense of direction or a GPS) and know when to pull the stop bell and exactly which stop to get off at.  There are no maps on the buses, and no digital\/announcement of which stops come next.  The bus drivers are, on the most part, very friendly - they greet you and answers all your questions.  Fares range from 1-, 2-, and 10-trips, unlimited evening and weekends, 1-day, 3-days, a weekly pass, a monthly pass, a 4-month pass, and a group pass (for 1 adult and a maximum of 10 children).  The OPUS card is when you purchase the unlimited week and up fares, and it's actually made of plastic with a chip - this is where you can also refill.  There is also a separate Aeroport P-E Trudeau (747) bus pass for $10, but your monthly, weekly regular, 1- and 3-day passes, unlimited weekend, and 4-month is accepted at no additional charge (just as long as you use within your time valid time frame).  Tickets can be purchased at any vending machine at the Metro stop and\/or the airport.\n\n+Orange, Blue, Green, and Yellow lines\n+include bus service\/transfers\n+variety of fares offered for all budgets and types of travel\n+747 bus fare may be additional charge