Let's get this out of the way: this is not a foodie destination whatsoever. However, it's a way for people not from the Midwest or the East Coast to experience this cornerstone of American culture and history.\n\nI was quite disappointed when I tasted the overly hyped White Castle offering at Las Vegas Foodie Fest. It was very mediocre and I couldn't believe that they would eat this stuff fanatically. When they decided to open an actual restaurant in response to the crowds, I decided that I'd have to give it a shot. Perhaps the sliders at Foodie Fest weren't quite \"the real thing.\"\n\nI parked at Harrah's. You might consider the Mirage across the street, the Venetian to the north, or the Linq slightly farther south, but I think Harrah's is pretty convenient. I happened to bypass the line (it's possible if you take a side door or just walk through Casino Royale) because I wasn't looking to stand in line at all. The line was watched by private security and extended onto the sidewalk outside the \"White Castle\" door.\n\nThe menu prices tend to be absurd, so I was really glad that Antonia R. and Renzo were kind enough to share some of their large order. Not that anyone should wander in here alone, but you really should share a 10-slider sack or a \"Crave Case\" of 30 sliders with friends\/family if you don't want to end up paying $8 for four tiny sliders, awful fries, and a cheap soda.\n\nIn light of that comment, I'll discuss the sides first. The french fries are really, really bad. They're soggy crinkle-cut fries with barely any crispiness or salt. Pretty much every other fast food chain can beat this handily. The onion chips, on the other hand, are surprisingly awesome. They're crunchy and not overly greasy. They're like onion rings but in a small enough size so that you won't have that issue of eating the entire onion portion while trying to bite the onion ring into smaller pieces. Definitely skip the fries and get the onion chips if you come here.\n\nAs I'd anticipated, the sliders here had much more flavor than whatever they were serving before. You can taste some savory flavors from the almost paper-thin patties, enjoy the soft bun, and notice the grilled onions and pickle. I actually found the cheese on the cheese sliders to be a distraction. The cheese just obscured the other flavors without providing much flavor of its own. Order the original sliders.\n\nLook, you really shouldn't go here unless you've never been to White Castle. You'll get more meat at a lower price at pretty much any other fast food place, even those on the Strip. But if you do decide that you must have the experience, make sure you're aware of the prices and strongly consider bringing a group.