Last year's love fest with Aria left a \"to be continued\" with me and Bun.  Vying to get back to where we left off, I thought we'd try our hand at Vdara.  Across the beautiful fountain playing centerpiece connector to the sister resort to Aria; they follow the same modern artsy tone next door.  The hotel contains all suites without a casino and no smoking allowed.  \n\nYou read that right, no casino.  Take it in for a second.  This may bug many, but I didn't care much.  Simply step foot in any other casino if gambling is on your mind, it's harder to find a place without smoking allowed than you'd think in Vegas.   \n\nLike any resort, they do have a pool and spa.  The pool area is moderately sized with only one main pool.  While disappointing compared to the one at the Aria and other hotels I've visited, food can be served to you while soaking in the sun.  I didn't partake in any spa related activities, but used their fitness center.  \n\nThe fitness center is somewhat limited yet had enough for a to the point workout.  Some \"reserved\" signs were on the treadmills; that's a nice benefit.  In the free weight section there is a gigantic eye gluing television which extended my breaks between reps longer than expected.  When all said and done, why am I even commenting on their fitness center?  It's Vegas.       \n\nDownstairs in the lobby besides the front desk, there are only a few things worth mentioning.  They have a bar, the name I do not remember, most of the people staying at the Vdara got their drink on there.  On the opposite side, there is the Vdara Marketplace.  This is their general store and café mixed in one.  Want a roast beef sandwich or some band aids, you'll find them both there.  Since we didn't find a gift shop downstairs, I guess that was it.   \n\nWith limited things to do, Bun and I spent most of our time away from Vdara.  A handy walkway toward the Bellagio and a tram that stops at City Center and Monte Carlo is around the corner.  That was the easiest route toward the Strip.  Given the price of the stay, it was worth it.  The resort fee is somewhat of an annoyance, yet many places have the fee anyway.  Vdara is a reasonable value stay and more appropriate for the older folk.  For the same price or close, I'd rather go back to Aria.