I love burgers. I've said it once, and ill say it again, my last meal on earth would absolutely be a burger. It will be juicy and meaty, the bun will be dry and toasty and there will be more pickles than you can count.. It will be accompanied by a mound of delicious french fries and a giant milkshake... Today at lunch, I was invited to try a new burger joint, which apparently everyone loves, and was told that my love affair with In&Out would be shattered.. Well, that was a lie. \n\nI got a cheese burger, fries and a cherry coke. The sheer fact that there is fountain cherry coke automatically merits a star. I liked the options I got for toppings, I chose mayo, pickles, sauteed mushrooms, lettuce and A-1..  I've got to admit, I was excited, really excited.. however, that excitement was quickly shattered when I got my meal.. I unwrapped the tin foil, hoping to find a delicious juicy cheeseburger, just for me.. yeah well, I found a burger, just for me, but it was WET. The entire bun was drenched.. THIS, ladies and gents, this disgusts me to no end. One of the words I hate most in the world is moist, and I also hate when things that are not supposed to be moist, are moist. Especially bread. BARF. The meat wasn't very flavorful either.. and they used portobello mushrooms, that were cold. I frowned. My lunch date frowned back. The fries were apparently from Shelly Idaho, I know this because they have a \"Todays fries are from..\" board.. they taste just like In&Outs, just thicker.. so basically it is imperative that you order them well done.\n\nThe place is big, holds a lot of people and they are really well staffed, but the meal was just meh.. and for the two of us the total came out to be $22.00. TWENTY TWO DOLLARS for 2 cheeseburgers, fries and a drink.. for real?? \n\nWhatever, i know its inevitable that I will give this place another shot, mostly because I work next door, and Fat Burger doesn't do it for me.. But I was just really really sad with the whole experience. I don't eat burgers often, so when I do its a treat, and well, this was not a treat. \n\n*sigh*