This used to be my  bad relationship. For many years, I came to this place. My sister and I had a favorite Pho spot that had closed down and so on our mission to find a new Pho spot we settled at this place. \n\nI was a weekly regular, that is how much I used to love this place. In the beginning this place was kind to me. It knew exactly what I wanted and always exceeded my expectations. If I was having a bad day, I could come in and be greeted by the servers who were always so welcoming to me and would serve me up a big bowl of delishness.\n\nYou know how you hit that 7 year itch in a relationship? I guess that is what you say happened to me. The service went down. The quality of the food went down. They had a couple of bad health inspections and to me, it just never was the same.\n\nSo I slowly stopped going. However, just like that bad relationship that you keep coming back to, \"because just maybe it'll change and go back to how it used to be\", I kept going back. And some days, I would be like \"Yes!\" this is why I love this place. Yet, more often than not it was like slow torture. The broth would get worse and worse, the meat would be tough and chewy. The last of the last was when I went and it tasted like there was soy sauce in my bowl of Pho. Definitely not okay. Just more often than not, it would be bland and flavorless. How fun is that?\n\nI should give this place a 3 star based on the fact that I was a die hard fanatic for years but considering that I have visited this place in the last couple of months and it's still poor quality, I just can't. \n\nI remember when I first signed up with yelp and saw all the poor reviews, I didn't get it. I had thought to myself these people do not know what they are talking about. Kinda like, when you have that bad relationship and everyone else keeps telling you need to leave but you just can't, not until you are ready. \n\nWell, that chapter is closed and this relationship is no more. Onto better Pho!\n\n(I orginally put this review under the wrong location. MY BAD! It has now been corrected to the rightful owner.)