I heard good things about this place before going in to sell my clothes. I called before heading in to see exactly what they're looking for so I knew what type of clothes to bring. The guy I spoke with said, summer clothes like dresses and shorts. I asked if they take accessories and purses. He said yes. \n\nSo I brought in 3 big bags of \"summer clothes\".. dresses, shorts, skirts, tank tops, tshirts, sandals, and even some belts and purses. One lady was ahead of me when I walked in, also with a couple bags of clothes. Apparently there was only one person that would check the clothes so I had to wait, even though there were 3 other employees behind the counter standing or just talking to each other. I waited 5minutes until one of the 3 that were behind the counter talking had said, I'll take the next person. Within the 5minutes I was waiting 3 other girls came in with bags of clothes to sell. The girl that was ahead of me had 2 small bags and was still at the counter. The guy who helped me asked if I ever sold there before and I said no. He explained that they do 30% cash or 50% store credit of what the items are worth. He starts going through my things. I had dozens of summer dresses, very well kept. I had dozens of shorts, Jean shorts, colored shorts, printed shorts, barely worn. I had a handful of skirts, flowy skirts, bandage skirts, Jean skirts, all very well kept. Bags and accessories were in great condition, used but great condition, no discoloration or rips or missing thread, etc. \n\nWent in with 3 big bags of clothes and accessories. Left with every single item I brought in. The guy didn't take not one single item of any of my name brand, well kept, great condition clothing or accessories. He said they would not be able to sell any of the items nor were any of my items summer clothes or trending. I'm not sure exactly what type of customer clientele they are receiving at the store but apparently what I heard of this place (bring nice gently worn clothes and you can get a good deal from them) is not true.. as most of their clothing smell and are not actually \"trending\"\n\nIf your clothes are janky and they smell, maybe you're more likely to get it sold here. If you have nicely kept gently worn clothes, you're better off selling it yourself at a garage sale or even just handing it down to someone else.