My husband and I were walking through Mandalay Bay and we happened to walk by Fleur de Lys. We stopped to browse the menu and noticed a monitor nearby showing clips of Hubert Keller competing on Top Chef Masters. Being big fans of the show we were instantly sold. The big pull for us was the fact that prix fixe menu came with the ability to order wine pairings. I wish all restaurants did this, seriously. We canceled our reservation at Aquaknox to make room in our foodie itinerary to eat here. \n\nWe both ordered the Elegance prix fixe with wine pairings. Each course came with a half glass of wine. We also received a sparking rose immediately after ordering which was a great way to start off the evening. (I should note that there is a less expensive prix fixe called Top Chef Masters but the menu did not indicate that there was a wine pairing option available.) \n\nI was extremely happy with the food here as was my husband. I highly recommend ordering the wine pairings with the prix fixe as the sommelier is truly talented at choosing wines that enhance the flavors of the food. For each course there is a choice of 2 to 3 dishes and my husband and I chose a wide variety of dishes. We each drank completely different wines as a result and got to enjoy the flavors of twice as many dishes. It was great!!  \n\nWe did notice another couple there sharing a prix fixe so if you are on a budget I am sure its not a problem. There is a small lounge in the front that has a tapas menu. If we didn't eat in the restaurant we probably would have considered a few cocktails and tapas in the lounge. \n\nThis place is not for rowdy groups. Almost every single party was a couple on a date and the place was pretty mellow. There was a group of loud, drunk businessmen at the table next to us and I could tell every party nearby was really annoyed with them for disturbing the rest of us. \n\nOne funny thing I noticed is that they play live music at across the way. It was like a Rock Band tribute band over there starting at about 10pm. We could tell the hosts were trying very hard to make sure the door stayed closed since the sound was very loud. I didn't mind, but others might find the music disturbing. We were there on a Saturday so they might not have the music during the week or for those dining early.