I don't think there's gonna be much cause for me to ramble on too much in this here review. You see, the thing is La Bodega is a sandwich shop. That's it. Nothing more nothing less. OK, maybe just a little more. They do offer salads, after all.\n\nI hadn't been here before but I'd often found myself wondering about it as I'd drive by. Speaking of driving by, they'd really benefit from some kind of outside signage. The place is practically unmarked and unless you look right at the front door you'd have no clue what it was.\n\nThe menu is just as I explained earlier - sandwiches and salads - all made fresh while you wait. I don't recall which day it was on our visit but there wasn't another soul in the shop, just me, my wife and the two workers. Maybe it was the because it was so close to Thanksgiving. Whatever the case, it was pretty quiet. Back to the menu. La Bodega offers ten different breads and dozens of different sandwich options. You'd be hard pressed not to find something that'd tickle your jimmies.\n\nAs for drinks, it's all about the pre-packaged variety here. Water, iced teas, pop, the usual suspects. Not too many non-sweetened options, though. That kinda bummed me out. Now for the sandwiches. I seem to remember they offer little sides of cole slaw and the like, but I could be wrong.\n\nNOTE: All sandwiches come with a bag of chips. \n\nI went with the #22 - Roast beef with Havarti cheese, tomato, red onion and horseradish mayo on multigrain bread. A pretty damn good sandwich, although a bit heavy on the red onion. Nothing a little pickin' off couldn't solve. The bread was fresh and so were the ingredients.\n\nMy other half enjoyed the #32 - Curry chicken salad wrap. Creamy curry-spiced chicken salad dotted with raisins and all rolled up snug-like with some lettuce, tomato, and onion. I thought it could have used a bit more heat, but that's just me. She dug it.\n\nLa Bodega is what it is. A little sandwich shop in Tremont. They probably do most of their business carry-out judging by the tiny eat-in space and they support local art because it's hanging all over the walls inside (and it's all for sale). The guy at the counter was pretty friendly. I think that's about it. If you're looking for a good sandwich and you happen to be wandering around Tremont, La Bodega will hook you up. Next time you want Subway, come here instead.