Initially we were pleased with Lady Bug Daycare because of the price and distance. After several months, we noticed that our three year old daughter was coming home exhausted and cranky. When she started falling asleep within minutes of our drive home, I started to wonder if she was actually taking naps at the daycare. One day I happened to come early to pick up my daughter and it was during nap time. I saw firsthand how difficult it would be for her to nap - the environment was noisy, children were shouting, teachers speaking loudly to kids and lights were kept on.\n\nMy daughter is very articulate for her age, so when she told us she was slapped in the face 3 times by another boy, I was shocked. I immediately called the owner and was surprised when she handed the phone to one of the teachers instead of addressing the matter personally herself. The teacher said that she would speak to both my daughter and the boy both separately and together.  I had to reassure my daughter that it is ok to tell a teacher if something happened to her and that it was absolutely necessary for her to let a teacher know.\n\nThe next day when I picked up my daughter, she told me that the same boy had pushed her and another boy for no reason. I told the teacher and she said she would talk to the boy again. A week later a different boy hit her twice and she said she put her hands up to stop him and this time she told a teacher. We were not informed of any follow up.\n\nI was not impressed with the escalation process (or lack thereof) and when I wanted to inform the daycare of my concerns, I was told that they had no email address for me to file a complaint.\n\nOne negative change exhibited by my daughter after starting at Lady Bug Daycare is that she started to shout at her siblings and be more aggressive which is unlike her.\n\nBecause I did not want my daughter to be in this environment where she was not being protected or getting the rest that she needed, we have decided to pull her out immediately and opt to pay a higher price to put her in another daycare.\n\nI cannot recommend this daycare to any parent who would be concerned about the well being of their children.