I have had my substantial... well actually too many for one's own good, of Vegas affairs and visits in my lifetime. So I have seen, wined, dined, swam, raved, raged, raved, and raged etc... pretty much most places worth going to.  I have always thoroughly enjoyed Todd English P.U.B. conveniently located by the lobby of Aria.  This spot has been, the new up and coming place, and has flourished ever since.\n\nGreat place to come and grab some nice bar bites and as always a great selection of alcohol.  They have a very unique and special brew menu to choose from with beers coming from all corners of the world.  AAAAND wooow... their Bloody Marry's.... over the top crazy!  Very nice and original house mix... but their fixin's.... is literally like a bouquet of goodies overflowing from the top of your glass.  There is literally like a full meal of food dressing your glass, from chicken wings, to cold cuts, to shirmp, and even a crab leg, all blossoming out of your bloody marry.  Of course you can make it to your customized liking.  I think it was a bit too busy for me, so I will stick to the basics next time... but it was OH SO GOOD! :P\n\nI always always ALLLWAYS bring the crew here for the seven second beer chug challenge!  It's a really fun way to get the party started during the day while hanging out and munching on some good eats.  You basically choose a premium $9 beer, and you have to chug a pint of it in 7 seconds and its $FREE.99 :P  You can do it twice.  Awesome way to get a free buzz going!  Of course please do tip your bar tender well!  The 7 second chug is quite doo-able, but if you need something easier to complete this challenge, try the Irish Creme beer they have, it is less carbonated and goes down way smoother.  Usually they don't let you, but if you rub the bar tender the right way, and you feel like a champ, try to do the 7sec chug with a nice dark stout and you will be good for a while.  Tried it a couple times and... yea... it unleashed the beast! :P\n\nFinally.. on to the food... Yummmzzz!  Very tasty and creative.  We always get the Junk Chips to munch on and soak up the alchy.  It is pretty tasty with fresh cut and fried housemade chips loaded with bbq pulled beef, loaded with a house aioli and all the nacho type fixin's.  It is like a classy... nacho... on roids.  Their main dishes and entrees are very good as well.  They have a super wide array of eats from fresh salads, to lobster rolls, to fancy burgers, to a raw seafood bar, and grade A protein, there will be something to fancy your appetite!\n\nGreat upscale bar like atmosphere accompanied with friendly and welcoming service.  Not the cheapest place on the block to grab a bite and drinks, but heck, you're in Vegas... you didn't come here to save money. ;P  I will always pay a visit when I am in town!