I stayed at MGM Grand last weekend for my first & very likely last time. I was excited to try it & assumed the pretty penny that it cost would be returned to me in at least a mostly enjoyable experience. I was wrong.\n\nThe Good: \n1. We chose to pay the $30 for the express check-in feature because Friday check-in lines are ridiculous & painful. We were helped after just a few moments. \n2. The young woman who checked us in was delightful. When I asked about upgrading to a two queen room she took care of it for us without hesitation. \n3. Our room was modern & clean, albeit small (We were in a Grand Queen Room). \n4. The Lazy River was the best part of the vacation, while it lasted. We had fun, the water was heated to the perfect temp for an overcast day, & the bartenders at the Casting Call bar were friendly. We were asked to exit the water after about an hour for \"cleaning\" which cut the fun short & we ended up just heading back to our room because it was too cloudy to hang out outside the water. This threw a wrench in the most enjoyable part of the stay. \n\nThe Bad: \nWhere do I start? \n1. The cords, from what I can only guess was a window cleaner, banging against our window first thing in the morning on a Saturday? That was horrible & lasted nearly two hours. News Flash MGM Grand, people stay up late in Vegas, the last thing they want is to be woken up by cords bouncing against their window & making a racket early in the morning. \n2. After being awoken so early I went down to the Starbucks to pick up some coffee. Bad idea, there were at least 75 people in line. Insanity. I gave up & headed back to Corner Cakes since their line was smaller. After being told they do not accept the coupon that was in my room I paid $31 for 4 donuts (not cronuts, just 4 regular donuts), 2 drip coffees, a milk & an orange juice. \n3. On my way up from Corner Cakes I find the elevator bay full & see that one of the lifts is stopped halfway between floors, full of people, & employees on the ground asking them to remain calm. That inspires confidence right? I head up on the next working one only to find, with everyone else stuffed into it, about half way, all of the buttons were suddenly unlit & now we're going down.\n4. There was also Rainforest Cafe, where after waiting forever to be seated, we were told by our server he would be \"right with us\" only to wait over an additional 10 minutes to have our drink order taken. Then only 3 of our 4 meals came out together. I was left waiting 5 extra minutes for mine. The choice was for everyone else at the table to allow their food to get cold waiting for mine, or be half finished when mine arrived. Not a mention the server spilled root beer on my husband when refilling a cup. Totally worth the $120 we paid for the meal. \n5. The buffet. Wow. My husband went to use the restroom right after we were seated to wash his hands, & was directed out of the buffet, by a buffet employee, to a men's room on the casino floor. Upon his return the other employees at the front of the buffet weren't going to allow him back in, after we had JUST paid, & gave him a very bad attitude about the situation. Luckily the gentleman who had directed him out to the restroom to begin with noticed & came over to clear it up so he could eat the meal he paid for. I almost wish he hadn't. We both ended up with immediate stomach issues from the buffet & I ended up with terrible stomach cramps, vomiting, a headache...full blown food poisoning for days afterward. \n6. Then there was the issue of the sink & the toilet in the room. After running the water in the sink for more than a few seconds a sewer smell emanated out of the drain & then it would make a gurgling sound. That made me gag when brushing my teeth. The toilet had a sewer like smell whenever it was flushed as well.\n7. It didn't help that our  itemized receipt would not load on the TV check out (2nd page had a failed to load error repeatedly) so I had to stop at the desk to get a print out before leaving to assure our charges were accurate (they were). \n8. Another concern was the Valet. When walking through the East Valet on our 2nd day we found the Valets driving the cars through the lot so fast & dangerously that they literally would honk the horn the entire time they were driving them from the drop until the cars were parked. After getting back into our vehicle at the end of our trip we found anything & everything we had left, from water bottles in cup holders to plugs or snacks in pouches or on the seats strewn throughout the car, having been thrown around by their careless driving. Everything was a mess. \n\nIf just one, or maybe even two, of the problems had occurred I might have overlooked it, but this was just too much in 2 days. We are thoroughly disappointed. I wouldn't recommend the MGM Grand at this point. For the cost you can get better, or for the same experience you can pay less. It entirely ruined our weekend. We came home upset instead of rested.