Phoenix has managed to replicate the charm of the neighborhood cafe and reproduce it time and time again, each with a little different flair. I ventured outside my usual 1-mile radius bubble to this location for a change of scenery, and found myself leaving three hours later after contentedly nibbling on a Better Breakfast Muffin (which has restored my faith in bran products) and sipping on a Soy Chai Latte while cranking out a solid afternoon's work. \n\nThe staff are super friendly as usual, and this location is much-loved by locals. What's unique about this location is the little patio in the back, where people study and kids romp around before coming back in to sip some Hot Chocolate, then scamper back outside. The staff seemed to know the regular customers, and were even playing with some of them during breaks! \n\nMy ideal workspace is usually not a communal table because I always get self-conscious about whether I'm shaking the table or taking up too much space, but the crowd was just sparse enough to let me spread out my laptop, backpack, notebook, and colored pens on the large, high table in the center without bothering anyone. Not being able to lean too far back on my stool probably helped me not fall asleep too. The two-seater tables next to the glass-wall in front are perfect for staring into the streets on a rainy day, and the couches are great for nursing a cup of tea and a long chat. \n\nThis location is a little less cozy than some of the others I've been to since the seating seems to be more dispersed and the decor is uniformly white, but the usual easygoing Phoenix vibe still prevails. The particular day I went, Phoenix was also setting up for Heights Music Hop so there was the constant bustle of volunteers rearranging furniture and setting up for the performers. They were respectful in general of the space, and even the cafe patrons they apologetically displaced responded kindly. \n\nDecent Wi-Fi (just don't try to stream a movie), and solid drinks (albeit a little heavy-handed with the milk). Looking forward to another round of studying soon!