Apparently there are a lot of people who like Big Daddy's, and I can't say that I completely blame them.  There is a lot to like.  Unfortunately, there is also plenty not to like about the place.\n\nStart with the waiting.  We all know, thanks to Tom Petty, that the waiting is the hardest part, and the best I can say about Big Daddy's is that it comes in stages.\n\nFirst you wait for a place to park.  There is a small lot directly behind the restaurant, but it appears to almost always be packed.  There is also another lot somewhat adjacent and across the street, but it's tough to see, especially after dark, and there are other lots up East Boulevard that explicitly say not to park there for Big Daddy's, so be careful where you decide to park.  Also keep an eye out for morons saving spaces for friends because they are going to stand in the spot and not pay attention to you as you pull in\/out.  That's how adamant they are that they are going to get that spot.  Alternative, just run them over.  Maybe it will help get rid of them.\n\nNext you're going to have to wait for your table.  They do have those light up pager thingamabobs, so you don't have to wait for them to call your name (and hope that you hear it), but you'll still have to wait until yours lights up, and then make your way back to the front and everything.  I'd suggest grabbing a menu and looking it over - especially if you have kids and\/or a family that can't decide easily because the menu is huge and it'll take some time.  Use it wisely.\n\nFor some good news, once you sit down, the service is pretty decent for a while.  You'll see a server, and you will probably get some drinks fairly rapidly.  You may even be able to place your order (assuming you were able to decide what you wanted).  Just make sure you don't take too long, because the servers do have a tendency to disappear for long stretches.  Also make sure you don't mind loud noises of any sort, because there is a constant buzz in the place and there is also a tendency for large families to send that buzz up a few notches when kids who have been waiting push each other over the edge.\n\nOnce you have managed to place your order, you get to wait again.  Not sure why, really, except that they are just slow perhaps.  But with everyone waiting, maybe it's just that the staff didn't want to feel left out, so now they get to take their turn.  Unfortunately it's the kitchen staff (as in delivering your food to the servers) or perhaps the servers (as in the food sits and waits for them to deliver to you) and in the meantime your drinks often run dry (so maybe the cooks are fine and it's just the servers).\n\nEventually you will get your food - though you may not have any drinks to go with it - and you'll find that in a few bites your burger will be gone.  As has been mentioned elsewhere, these are some pricey meals, and though they are reasonably tasty, they are probably not worth it.  We tried a pretty good variety of meals, from the standard burger (with bacon and cheese added) to the mama ricotta (italian) burger to the western (buffalo) burger and the cantina 1511 (black bean) burger, and while good, they were gone quickly.\n\nThe starches - regular fries, sweet potato fries and tater tots - were all quite good (the tater tots were actually the best and crispiest), and the sauces that came with them were good as well.  It's just too much waiting for not enough food that really wasn't that great.