Four months later and I still haven't set the apartment gate up with my phone number. I am the bane of the delivery driver's existence.\n\nWith that confession tossed out there, I ordered from Great Wok tonight. I came home after work, giddy with the thought of a three-day weekend ahead, and realized the only fish I had in the house was a very unappealing frozen piece of tilapia. The woes of Lent. I can't survive off of the wilted English cucumber chillin' in the veggie drawer, so I had to give in and order delivery (I have the horrible tendency of not leaving the house once I get inside and realize how comfortable the couch is. Unless something important is going on, like a hamster fashion show or Chumbawamba's reunion tour. You know. The big stuff), and it had to be either a) vegetables or b) seafood. Chinese clearly fit these categories beautifully.\n\nI did not want a repeat of my last Chinese order, so I reexamined Yelp and found Great Wok again. Score. Called them. ...No answer. Determined to have some delicious Diocese-approved dinner (alliteration FTW), I made the fat kid in me chill out and called them again 5 minutes later, spoke to a very nice young guy, and ordered crab puffs, fried tofu with vegetables, and shrimp with vegetables. I hung up and realized I ordered enough for a small army (damn delivery minimums), and as a newly single lady that meant a lot of leftovers.\n\nThe time estimate I was given was 45 minutes, and the food showed up within half an hour AND the delivery guy did not call freaking out about my gate being closed. (Yesss...I don't have to feel like an asshole.) Gentleman shows up at my door and hands me my food, and I sign the receipt thinking \"This better be worth $26effing94...\"\n\nOh, it was. Shrimp that looked (AND TASTED!) like shrimp and not something my ten pound dog craps out on a walk. Crisp vegetables. Flavorful sauce and not pools of grease. Crispy crab puffs. I would have taken a picture to show the deliciousness of it all, but I began inhaling it too fast to even think about it. I have died and gone to Chinese delivery heaven, y'all. You will not regret ordering from this place...!