COST:\n$17 (Escargot à la Bourguignonne, Snails)\n$28.50 (Parfait de Foie Gras)\n$38.50 (Steak Frites)\n\nHoly hell. I just got back from a fantastic weekend in Vegas but I am surprised to find myself writing about what a horrible experience Bouchon was. I don't think I've ever been incredibly let down by a restaurant of this magnitude and reputation, but Bouchon certainly did.\n\nLet's start with the bread. Though delicious, they literally were served to the group cold LOL. Later servings fixed this, but still, cold bread wtf? Next came the cocktails --- oooof! Get better bartenders. I understand the focus here is more on wines but you're on the strip, make me some cocktails. I had Moscow Mule's which were just okay but a friend's Old Fashioned literally tasted nothing but water.\n\nThe snails were great. The Foie Gras however didn't taste like one. It was too creamy to the point that it tasted like butter and nothing else. The biggest disappointment has got to be the steak though. I EXPECT ANYTOWN DINER SERVING THIS STEAK, NOT BOUCHON. Holy hell, the steak tasted cheap, overseasoned and just really blah. The fries too tasted stale and gross. They gave you a heaping of it which was a damn waste of food. I don't mind literally five pieces of fries, just make them good please.\n\nTo cap it all off, we were waiting for food for 1.5 hour! Granted it was a party of 9, but come on now... your kitchen, staff and dining room are perfectly equipped to handle it, or at least it looked like that.\n\nOur server was nice and apologetic and gave us 4 free desserts to make up for it. They were: the lemon tart pie, some mousse, some ice cream puff pastry and a creme brûlée. Again and sadly, they were all just very passable. I've had better food (desserts included) at any Las Vegas buffet for about a portion of what we ended up paying.\n\nI truly expected something more since I never got to see the LA location before they closed down. For what it cost and what I got, there's seriously some giant disconnect and this location needs to get it together before it too closes.