The nightclub here is definitely Top 3 in Vegas. I'll usually swing by for a night because i'm usually here for 3 nights, hence... one club a night.\n\nI've had nothing but pleasant experiences so we'll start them off at 5 stars.\n\nOur female friends were in their room getting ready, you know how females are? We were downstairs gambling, eating, pregaming, and getting ready to go in of course... We approach the line and the bouncer says he is unable to accommodate our party due to the ratio. We had explained that the girls were getting ready and this was our last night so we wanted to drink our faces and race to see who would get alcohol poisoning first.. He didn't care. Understandable, still at 5 stars to be GENEROUS.\n\nYou know the drill.. a hip hop room which was especially ratchet this night and MEGA crowded.. So crowded my shoes were trampled, girls hair was all up in my face, people grabbing so many asses including mine. PAUSE..... -1 We're at 4.\n\nThe insides are the same, beautiful as ever. HIP HOP floor, MAIN room which the usually HOUSE\/EDM DJ will spin and melt your faces, and the top THIRD floor aka the library is complete with bathroom and billards table for your lounging pleasure. \n\nThe ratio was terrible that night. There were so many dudes there I felt like I was partying at an all-boys high school. It was awkward, weird, and lame all at the same time. Never experienced a ratio like that, guess I know why the bouncer was trying so hard to enforce at the door! -1 We're at 3.\n\nThe drinks were obviously overpriced, its Vegas don't lose your titties... BUT I was super duper mega ultra faded and ended up losing my CREDIT CARD! AH! The last charge was made at Marquee so I assume I bought some rounds and left it there? Regardless, there were no other charges. I'll give Marquee staff the benefit of the doubt and say they held it and tore it up until I could realize and call my bank 2 days later lololol!! +1 star. We're back at 4!\n\nVOILA! THERE YOU HAVE IT!