When the No1DP and I go drinking we pick bars\/lounges based on the cocktails and\/or the overall ambiance and setting of the bar. This is true for almost all the bars we have visited repeatedly. In Vegas we already have examples that fit the above two categories, but technically when it comes to the drinks this bar wouldn't make the cut. The No1DP and I have plenty of other bars in Vegas to try to even think about revisiting a subpar to average bar.\n\nAs the No1DP doesn't partake, Rhumbar is my place to partake in my annual ritual of smoking a real cigar. I only smoke cigars once a year in Vegas because it just seemed like the right city to do it in and I wouldn't want to imbibe in it the same frequency as my drinking (which isn't all that often either). Besides, my time and money would be wasted if I were to visit a real cigar lounge - they wouldn't take me seriously if I were to just show up and take a serious look at their humidor. So I think I'll remain an amateur cigar smoker indefinitely. \n\nThe bartenders also partake yet they're quite patient with dealing with an amateur smoker, they'll give you tips on how NOT to smoke and the ways of keeping that stick lit. I'm pretty sure that they've seen plenty of ladies attempting it and are either amused by it or fully enthused that a woman partakes in traditionally masculine activities so well. Like wine the flavor descriptions of cigars are totally subjective and may not represent what the smoker actually tastes. Their entry-level cigars start from $10+ and all of them have an earthy mouthfeel with hints of cocoa and coffee. \n\nAs I mentioned, the drinks are really average and we would not go here purely for the drinks. Their cocktails listed in their \"house cocktails\" aren't really suited for cigar smoking either. I think I've had a version of their caipirinha each time, Lemongrass Basil (leblon cachaça, lemongrass tea syrup, falernum, lime, basil and cardamom bitters, $14) and the cocktail itself is barely drinkable. The mixing is subpar and I think they overly put rum and not so much the other ingredients. In the other bars I would send back the drink.\n\nThe Mirage is quite honestly an outdated hotel that fails to compete with its newer neighbors and there's not many reasons why I should go to the hotel\/casino. As I'll never consider myself a serious smoker I'll go here to just relax while letting the bartenders be amused at my status as an amateur smoker. Being in Vegas for several days I prefer I switch up where I like to destress somehow.