When you're weary from traveling you usually get extra hungry and don't event realize it. When you reach this level of hunger and fatigue the last thing I know I want to do is make food decisions. My thought is \"bring me a bit of everything and I'll figure it out\". \n\nNow that's an expensive way of thinking but when your colleague is a neighborhood regular at a place like GUS, he or she will be able to order you the best of the menu and take the painful part out of making decisions. \n\nLast night I was able to enjoy a shareable selection of several delicious plates prepared by the expert chefs at GUS. \n\nTo begin we nibbled on their complimentary thick sliced bread which paired perfectly (on the recommendation of the owner) with their house made corn relish. I actually could have eaten just that the rest of the night. Sweet and cool and a perfect way to soften the thick slightly sweet bread. \n\nOur first and second menu items to arrive were a Caesar salad and an order of calamari. The Caesar came as a massive portion more than enough for 3-4 of us to have more than a fair share. The dressing was freshly prepared and the croutons were huge holding their own against the dressing. The calamari was also very nice, served with some greens and done grilled as opposed to deep fried. It reminded me of Italian style antipasto calamari done in light oils and herbs.\n\nThen came the fois gras nachos. Holy hell these were RICH. The cheese, the fois, the toppings. I didn't even really care if there were chips under all that deliciousness or not - there were, but who cares! Loved this dish. \n\nI liked everything that was served to me until this point. The fatigue of the day and being a little tipsy on sparkling and flat white wines plus being a little full was all catching up to me. It was then I sort of entered into a dream like state and the main course was delivered. \n\nSurf and turf!! OMG!!! Thank goodness we were sharing this because the portion of meat, mash potatoes and seafood was insane. The well marbled and nearly fork tender steak was perfectly grilled and marinated, sat atop a bed of fluffy mashed potatoes. But that wasn't all, on top of that steak was arranged easily half a dozen large tiger shrimp and a half dozen equally large scallops. This entire dish was coated in a garlic-butter (and perhaps mustard) sauce that had me eating far beyond the realm of \"need\" and straight into the land of greed. \n\nI left fatter and happier as I imagine most patrons of GUS leave and slept better last night than I have in recent memory. Thanks to the staff for being amazing \n\nLive from Montreal - Eatcrest Out!