I came here for lunch when they first open at 12 p.m. The service was ridiculously poor here. I cannot stress how bad the service was. Firstly, there was an obvious DRINK advertisement on the wall and I asked one of the servers \"what is that?\" And her reply was \"a drink\". I then said I know it is a drink but what kind of drink is it?. When our food orders came, not a single server turned on the stove for us nor did they give us instructions to do so either. Even at hotpot places with the easiest stoves, servers will turn on the stove for us when they put the pot down. We ordered the bibimbap and one bowl of rice and the rice was obviously old. It was hard and dry. We asked for it to be replaced and they did - they replaced with the same batch of old rice from the night before. The first bibimbap had rice and an egg sunny side up with some sauce. This was the saddest bibambap of life. However, when it was replaced after the complaint about the old rice, there were more ingredients in it like seaweed and veggies so they obviously slacked off when making the first order for us. When they came to change our grill in the middle of our lunch, they didnt bother putting the food back properly. Our food looked like a pile of garbage with the meats and veggies stacked on top of each other in the corner. Our waters was not refilled A SINGLE TIME - that IS the easiest thing to do as a server.\n\nI came here for lunch with one other person and they automatically charge a 12% gratuity - could this be the reason they absolutely do not care about providing any service since there is an auto tip added no matter how small the party is?\n\nHowever, the meat was fresh here and food was good, aside from the old rice. They serve melona ice cream for dessert. Needless to say, the food isn't worth it for the type of service I get here. I personally do not like my food being rearranged to look like a stack of garbage and i do not think it is fair that they think they deserve 12% gratituty for this non existent service.