After checking out Cento on it's opening night, I can say for certain that I will be heading back there for other meals. I can tell that Food Fight and chef Michael Pruett were meticulous when choosing the location and designing the space and menu for this new Italian restaurant.\n\nI will say that it has to be one of the most aesthetically pleasing spaces i've seen in a restaurant. Everything inside it looks brand spanking new, or it's super old to the point where it's charming. There's really too many facets about it to list, and the people there can describe it better than I can, so i'd recommend checking the space out for yourself to witness it. It's just gorgeous.\n\nAll of the food that I tasted that night was spot on. Among them included the Arancini (which are fried Risotto balls), which was a goodie because it managed to satisfy my impulse for fried things without tasting greasy at all. The ricotta-filled agnolotti was also good, although more mild\/subtle on its flavors. The fennel was an excellent side dish to go along with the agnolotti. Finally, for dessert we all split a slice of what was dubbed an olive oil cake, and that was delectable. Also, note that the cocktails are well worth a go, particularly the Mulo Romano. That was a very flavorful drink, and i'm excited to have another one of those soon.\n\nMuch like the setting, the service we received on opening night was also stellar. Our server Alex had an extensive knowledge of the menu, which was useful for us, as the menu isn't the easiest to read through for people not used to it. Everyone was accommodating, polite, and the orders all came out timely. I couldn't really ask for anything better.\n\nThe only thing Cento disappointed me on was the portion sizes, which I felt were a bit small. This could just be because I was famished entering the place that day, and i'm a man with a gigantic appetite. So, others maybe won't find this to be a problem. Besides that, I felt like Cento nailed all of the aspects of a dining experience, which is no easy task!