Beware of this company. Promised us a newer Caravan or Venture for $449\/week. I made sure to check beforehand that $449 was the total cost including all taxes, fees, etc. When we got the the place the individual who appears to be the manager said that he was upgrading us to a newer Yukon since the van was over three years old. The car we got was actually six years old and in horrible condition. There was no radio, it was dirty, had unusuable wiper blades, the doors didn't lock properly, the tank was completely empty and the worst part was that all the check systems lights were flashing when we started it up. My husband asked the individual and he said that it was just a \"computer reset issue\" and that the car was fine. Well, on the way back from Vegas we broke down at Wikiup at about 1 am because there was a major electrical problem with the car and the alternator would not charge the battery. Since there were no services or place to stay in Wikiup we had to drive 78 miles through the desert with no cell phone coverage, increasingly dimming headlights on a two lane highway to try to get to Wickenburg so we could get some assistance. We called Sabans\/Phoenix\/A-1 car rentals many times but their phone just rang and rang with no answering machine. We even tried the other numbers they have listed wit the same result. The car completely died as we literally rolled into Wickenburg. We left the heap of crap there and managed a $150 cab ride home at 2am.. This morning when we went to Saban's the individual told us that he doubted the car had an elecxtrical problem and asked \"why didn't we call him?\" When we explained about the phone he accused us of hanging up on their answering machine, which makes no sense at all. He refused to admit that they did not have any way to reach them after hours. When we pointed out that he rented us an unsafe, poorly maintained car that had all sorts of warning lights that turned out to be legit and not a computer glitch, he told us that we were idiots for driving the car if we thought it was unsafe. I suppose he thought we should have just parked by the side of the road, in the middle of the night, in the desert, with no phone coverage with all our kids in the car. He also called me a BITCH because I pointed out that he rented us a vehicle that put my children's lives in danger. He could care less about the safety of his customers. This extremely rude and obnoxious person also charged $700 on our credit card without our authorization and told us he could do that and to \"read our contract\". A contract does not protect him from being grossly negligent. We could have gotten into a fatal accident due to the dangerous condition of the car he knowingly rented to us. The receipt he gave us had all sorts of illegible scibbles on it in additon to the $449 price, but we did not initial any other charges. He also refused to give us back a copy of the receipt when we left telling us it was a \"temporary\" receipt and since we turned the keys in we weren't entitled to have a copy. He broke so many laws it isn't even funny. We called AMEX and they reversed the charges and they are investigating the situation. We will take this sucker to court if we have to. I am contacting the BBB and the city attorney. I am sure that businesses can't rent cars that have indicator lights saying the airbags and brakes need to be serviced. We took photos of all this so even if this individual tries to deny renting us a piece of crap and trying to rip us off we have proof. BE WARNED!