I always liked spinning, but RhythmCycle has turned that 'like' in to an undeniable 'love'. My first visit was with a friend who cycled in college, for me, I'd only done classes at my local gym a few times and didn't know what to expect. Ultimately I thought, I love working out and I love music, so it can't be that bad, right? Wrong. RhythmCycle kicks your ass--in the best way. It gets you in gear and the music keeps you pumped up the entire time. \n\nAt RhythmCycle you clip in to the bikes and depending on the instructor, they use blacklights with the lights turned off to make it even cooler. What's best is that the owner, the instructors, and every person who comes to RhythmCycle are incredibly nice. When I came back last night for my second ride, I had seen that the 3 classes expired in 30 days, but I hadn't known. The owner regifted them and let me start over and when I went to buy a water but only had my debit she said I could pay her back next time. That kind of trust and kindness is awesome in a small business owner! \n\nI have done classes with both Adam and, as of last night, Mel. Mel is a new instructor and she Rocks. Seriously, you'll walk out feeling like a boss because she pushes you to the limit. She uses high energy and does a lot of climbing, which I love. I'm not much of a sprinter so this is definitely my style. She takes the time to come around and watch each spinner and get to know everyones names. Adam is laidback, fun, and will crack jokes throughout the class. No matter who you get--you'll love the experience! If you're a first timer you only pay $5 and drop ins are $20, if you get 3 classes however it's only $25. Trust me, once you go once, you'll want to keep coming back for more! They have classes at different times throughout the morning and afternoons\/evenings to fit with most peoples schedules. You can sign up on their website and 'reserve a bike'. \n\nIf you want to push yourself with bumpin' hits, this is the way to go, I assure you that you won't be disappointed!