El Hefe - Macho Taqueria. Man...\n\nAt first glance it looks like every stereotype you've ever heard about Scottsdale. At second glance you realize that it is, indeed, every stereotype you've heard about Scottsdale. It's a \"Mexican Restaurant\", so when I was there I tried a few of their tacos that were on happy hour. I'm giving two stars because the duck taco that I had was pretty good, but once the food got to the table it took me 4 minutes to figure out which tacos were mine because of the way they present the food. More on this later. \n\nEl Hefe has a cool in-table tap system, where you pay at the table and can pour your own beer. When I saw this I liked it a lot, though they only offer two beers, and it's not cheap. After the \"cool\" factor wears off, you realize that you're paying extra to pour your own beer. Not so cool. The upside is the fact that I get beers for myself much faster than the servers at El Hefe did for me. \n\nThe booth seats are covered in plastic, in the style of your great grandmother. This is assuming, of course, that your great grandmother commissioned Ed Hardy to design her living room group. The ambiance isn't my style, but I'm sure that a lot of people love it...The biggest issue I had is the way the food is brought to the table. They start you with chips and salsa. It seems hard to screw up chips and salsa, but it happened here. The salsa comes in small jars that are downright weird, and they make dipping your chip absolutely impossible. You need to be a salsa MacGyver to figure out how to get the right amount of salsa on your chip...It's strange. After pushing some salsa around with a chip on a small plate for a while, our food arrived. Apparently, when you order tacos, they come 5-6 at a time, placed on wooden slabs that are roughly the size of a Las Vegas buffet. Our server couldn't remember who's tacos were who's, so we played a game of musical tacos (and wooden slabs) until we all figured out what we'd ordered. When a group of 4-5 orders 10+ tacos, you end up with 2-3 giant wooden slabs on your table and a very confusing family style presentation. \n\nLike I said before, the duck taco I had was pretty good, and I hear good things about the BeerRita. However, unless I'm dragged against my will by a large group of people, I don't see myself returning to El Hefe anytime soon.