*** Review is for Restaurant Week August 2014 Menu ***\n\nAnother restaurant that I've wanted to try now marked off the list.  The Restaurant Week menu is somewhat limited in selections, but what it has was very good.\n\nI was seated next to the window overlooking the Bellagio and the fountains which added to the good atmosphere of the restaurant.  I was brought menus and an iced tea.  I had to ask for the Restaurant Week menu and it was brought.  I had already made my choice from the online menu but sometimes things change so I wanted to make sure.\n\nI was brought a nice bread basket with sourdough and three other breads.  Accompanying it was a trio of bread toppers\/dippers--mascarpone butter, caponata, and a citrus infused olive oil.  All three were good, but I could have eaten a plate of the caponata!  The mild citrus flavor in the olive oil made that my second choice.\n\nFor the starter, I ordered the creamy polenta with fricassee of truffled mushrooms.  The polenta was brought in a white dish and the server then spooned the onion and wild mushroom mixture over the polenta.  The dish was excellent.  I almost took some bread to wipe up any leftover polenta.\n\nFor the main course, I got the fennel dusted black cod on a bed of concentrated tomatoes and roasted fennel.  The fish was cooker perfectly and was moist and soft but with a crisp crust.  The crust had a mild anise flavor from the fennel.  The tomatoes beneath, concentrated by baking until some of the water was rendered which gave the tomato a prominent flavor.  The roasted fennel was tasty.\n\nFor dessert, there was no choice but that didn't matter.  The bomboloni was a wonderful way to end a good meal.  The bomboloni consisted of two filled with Nutella ganache and one was filled with a vanilla cream.  Alongside was a small scoop of banana ice cream resting on crushed chocolate shortbread pieces.  Excellent!\n\nService was good for the most part.  Two small things--when your posted opening time is 6 PM, open at 6.  Seating people almost 10 minutes late is not the best form especially if someone has a show they need to get to.  Also, I had two Sweet 'n Low wrappers on the table that neither a runner nor the server cleared even though both were by several times.  That's something you wouldn't expect from a restaurant of this class.  I'm sure Chef Conant would point this out if he were dining there.  I wish I didn't have to ask for the Restaurant Week menu.  It was a sheet of paper.  Bring it with your large books of wine and dinner menus.