We had dinner before the wine and chocolate event, and I was not disappointed.\n\nWe started with the warm brie en croute.  Of course it was delicious.  How can you go wrong with cheese and pastry?  Scratch that, I just remembered the goat cheese I pulled out of my refrigerator the other day.  You can go wrong, but they didn't.  I also had the roasted beet salad with port wine braised figs and shallots.  I loved the combination of flavors, but would have liked just a little more vinaigrette.  For the entree, I chose the Crispy Pacific salmon fillet.  I wouldn't say the salmon had anything special about it, except the crispy top.  It's normally served with braised brussel sprouts which I opted out of.  I had brussel sprouts once.  I made them.  I threw them all away.  They were the most foul-tasting thing I ever had.  I have since learned that happens when you overcook them.  Who knew?  Instead I substituted roasted asparagus.  I was a little disappointed the asparagus was in pieces rather than whole stalks, but it was cooked perfectly.  The toasted orzo that accompanied the salmon was fantastic, however.\n\nPrice-wise appetizers are $10-$12, salads $8-$9, and entrees $20-$30.  Not bad at all.  I should warn you, this isn't necessarily the place to go for beer.  Nothing on tap, and when my husband ordered a second Stella, they were out.  Kind of odd.\n\nAfter dinner, we had the wine and chocolate \"class.\"  The pairings were all sparkling wines with white chocolate, milk chocolate, and dark chocolate.  All plated desserts.  The white chocolate was a petit four with a small cup of white hot chocolate.  The milk chocolate was a semifreddo with truffles.  The dark chocolate was an assortment of homemade candy bars.  The restaurant manager introduced the wines and Chef Travis the desserts.  A dark chocolate lover would have been disappointed as the chef admitted he is not a fan of dark chocolate and used only 52%.  That was great for me because I don't care for it either.  There was not much information regarding what characteristics in a wine make it pair well with a chocolate, but it was a great event nonetheless.  \n\nI look forward to more good times at Avalon (1\/2 price bottles of wine and live music on Wednesdays!)...hopefully, they will stay open.  Again it was not busy, and this was a Friday night.  I'm glad I went in spite of some suspicious orange-head reviews.