I'm going to say this. I will come back in a couple of weeks to see how things are going. But first, let me praise the staff to the high heavens. Unlike a lot of new places downtown they don't assume you're going to just drink the koolaid. They were ernest in their desire to make sure we were comfortable and happy with our food. They seemed to have actually tasted most of the food and had good recommendations for us. Much like La Comida, I'd eat here again regardless of what I thought of the food because the staff made the experience worthwhile. Fyi, I don't care for the food at La Comida. \n\nThe food. Well. We split oxtail risotto which, honestly, was so rich as to be offputting. I ate maybe four spoonfuls as did my lunch date. There was plenty left to take home but we passed. We also had the bacon jam with brie. It was actually delish, but again, a little went a long way. A very long way. Again, we passed on taking the extra home. The empanadas were filled with nice chunky meat that was tender though it could've been a tad juicier. The mushroom flatbread was a great appetizer and the pizza cook was lots of fun without being overly familiar.\n\nHere's my issue and it's something you can actually see in the accompanying picture. The risotto and jam seemed to be swimming in something. It wasn't grease. Maybe some oil like truffle? The lake of whatever it was did not inspire one to want to deal with that in a to go box or when it inevitably congealed. Again, offputting is the only word I can find to describe my feelings about it. It really wasn't greasy or slimy, but it looks that way. Combined with the fact that everything (except the empanadas) was just way too rich means I won't be pushing this as a place to go. Not yet. \n\nI'm sure that Carson Kitchen will find it's feet very soon, and hope so. I like the vibe even if the decor looks like someone went to EAT and decided that's the new downtown Vegas hip eatery look. Seriously, it almost looks like a blatant rip off. They seemed to be working on an outside patio which in and of itself will get me back this summer. And, not to be petty, I give it points for being filled with adults, not a bunch of bearded wannabes. \n\nThe pricing seemed a tad ambitious. For small plates you can go from a quick bite to a $50 lunch in no time. Not outrageous but probably not in my, \"let's run by for a nosh\", price range.\n\nI look forward to sampling more of Carson Kitchen soon but I'm hoping they bring the ooze down a notch. Go check it out for yourself, it's worth a try. Good luck Carson Kitchen, welcome downtown!