If you like a bustling, high energy place to eat I highly suggest sitting on their patio. I was a little skeptical about it at first, but honestly I prefer to sit there. As a loud person and someone who likes to people watch, this was the perfect place to sit!!! There were plenty of heaters so we weren't cold. \n\nWe were served a four course meal which included a amuse bouche, your choose of one of three appetizers, a dinner plate, and a dessert. The amuse bouche was sea urchin with green apple. At first taste, it was delicious and fresh with the green apple. Unfortunately, the amount of salt that ended the bite was unbearable and left a bad taste in my mouth. The other people in my party had the same consensus. For my small plate, I ordered the burrata which was served with arugula and croutons. The croutons were amazing! Especially, with the burrata and arugula on top of them. Sadly, there were only three croutons and without them I got another mouthful of salt causing me to not finish my appetizer. The Chilean Sea Bass with Gnocchi was definitely the highlight of this meal. The fish was perfectly cooked and the Gnocchi complimented the Sea Bass so well! I wish I could eat this everyday. My dessert was a chocolate and espresso cake which was fine, a little underwhelming but not bad. \n\nWhile, I loved the atmosphere and rate the food alright, just really salty, the service was appallingly slow. Our server and one of the managers could not have been friendlier, which was awesome, but our drinks took 20-30 minutes to get them. There were a couple times where our party all sat without drinks and that causes an unpleasant experience, especially on New Year's Eve where they should have been staffed appropriately. \n\nWill I go back? Probably not. The slow service and the saltiness of the food was disappointing. Also, due to the wait our server brought us a shot. The GM walked by our table twice without saying anything to us. I really wish that  we would have received an apology. I was not looking for anything free, but an acknowledgement of how painfully slow the service was would have been much appreciated.