I should start this review by noting that I didn't have much choice in staying at Bally's. I was booked a room as part of a conference trip (ITC, if it matters) to present some slides accompanying a research paper submitted earlier. Anyhow, that's irrelevant, but just know this wasn't my first choice, even though I started with no preconceived notions.\n\nMy stay started with a lukewarm greeting at check-in. Upon arriving at the counter, and after checking that my room was pre-paid, I was informed that the only option for a room that evening would either be on a smoking floor (nope, not a smoker, and the casino floors in Vegas are smoky enough for me), or if wanted a non-smoking room, it'd be next to the elevators, would be noisy, and that I could check back the next day (the trip is three nights) for a better room. Whatever - I thought - I'm fine with dealing with some elevator dings and occasional people near the door.\n\nThe sounds audible inside the room are nothing like a few dings or people outside. It isn't anything like that. By \"next to\" the woman apparently meant - adjacent to and sharing a wall with - the elevator shaft itself. The room is arranged such that the headrests of each bed are bolted to the wall. That wouldn't be a problem ordinarily, however, on the other side of that particular wall is the elevator shaft. That wouldn't be much of a problem either, except that the elevators (there are three) are incredibly freaking loud and sound like a ski lift in the room. There's a continual series of three thumps as rollers ostensibly ride over a section of track bolted to the wall on the other side of the wall. Because the headboards are bolted to the walls, the bed and anything touching it vibrate accordingly, along with the floor and wall. It's like something out of a surrealist torture room instead of a Las Vegas hotel, I sh*t you not. As I write this, (from within the room, in fact) I've heard the elevator (or perhaps its counterweight, I can't tell) travel past the room 5 times. The sound is seriously surreal as well. It can also be imagined as the sound a deranged homeless man makes pushing a shopping cart filled with cinderblocks in circles over a set of three cement cracks. Except it Does. Not. Stop. Even at 3 AM. Nope. \n\nThat's not really the only problem with this dilapidated room, either. The dresser looks like it has an incredible amount of water damage on the base and top, and cigarette burns. The room has a CRT TV (the south tower is obviously not renovated - thanks front desk woman for not giving north tower as an option) which sits on an equally battered looking TV stand that could collapse under the weight of a disapproving glance.\n\nOh and that isn't all either, inside the bathroom, there are several tiles missing at the base of the wall, with visible exposed drywall. As in, the entire tile is missing, and you can literally see drywall. The small trashcan was interestingly placed precisely to hide sight of this.  I've uploaded a picture to the gallery for your perusal, it's not hard to miss. There's nothing inside the room that wouldn't be much better without a fresh coat of paint, either. \n\nSo why all this whining, didn't you ask for another room, you're thinking, right? Well, I did the next day - the answer? Not unless you want a smoking room. Pffft.\n\nI just heard the elevator go by at full bore another time. \/sigh\n\nGet bent, Bally's.