There are few things I can justify waiting in line for in Vegas. Good food is one of them. After a 45 minute wait in line, we definitely built up a big appetite. I was excited to try the Wynn buffet, especially after running into our friends who were on their way back from the Wynn. They managed to wake up at 9am on Sunday to head over there for brunch. I'm sorry, but I need at least 5 hours of sleep! One of the girls was eating a shiny red candied apple that looked so good. I couldn't believe she got it from the buffet. The Bellagio buffet didn't offer candied apples!\n\nWhile waiting in line, cocktail waitresses actually came around with little bottles of water, which was greatly appreciated. It helped ease my growling stomach. This time, we decided to do the $30 regular brunch instead of the champagne or Bloody Mary brunch although it was only a few dollars more. \n\nThe atrium was nicely lit but the only tables available for two was right by the entrance, so we decided to sit in the main dining area. The nice thing about this buffet was that each area had a sign above it, so it was easy to locate everything. Because when you're hungry and know what you want, you don't want to go around looking for it. \n\nI was really happy with the variety, including the Asian food selections, and the carving station had bacon as well as prime rib. My favorite, of course, was the dessert station which included a variety of homemade ice cream flavors and toppings. The chocolate chip bread pudding was amazing straight out of the oven. All other desserts were ok.\n\nI was really impressed by our server, who was really attentive. Our friends had recommended that we have their hot chocolate, so I made sure to get a cup. It was so good, especially topped with whipped cream. \n\nThe couple who we sat next to also raved about the Wynn buffet, telling us that they made it a point to dine there every time they were in town. They said their dinner buffet was better though, just as most buffets are. \n\nWe walked out of there with Wynn buffet babies - we were so stuffed!