I traveled to Las Vegas to interview with an airline.   I had to pay full fare  even though I was flying on my possible new employer.  A two day interview that required that I pay for my own accommodations.  I placed a bid on Priceline for an economical hotel.  I was booked here from the 17th to the 19th of February.  \"The Strip\" is four miles away  .  \n\nThe exterior of this hotel is nothing to look at, perhaps borderline tacky.   I can go into detail, however, nothing artistic, beautiful, classy or stylish.   It could very well be military barracks.  \n  \nThe lobby is pretty generic - rural Motel 6, plain Jane, don't close the curtain while you are in the shower type of place.   The check-in process took about two minutes and no frills.\n\nMy room was on the first floor.  I made two left turns and 50 meters down the hallway, it seemed I was inside a crack-house in the Bronx, just with newer paint, no graffiti, and absent prostitutes smoking cigarettes by their doors.   Inside my \"suite\" is a clean space containing a Home Depot GE refrigerator, two electric burners, a stainless steel sink, tacky plastic two-cup coffee maker, plenty of counter space, one queen size bed with five pillows, ironing board, broken Hamilton Beach iron, clean spacious bathroom and my biggest disappointment - a cathode ray tube Zenith Concierge television that I never turned on.  \n\nBesides the television, the next biggest problem with the hotel is the thickness of both the walls and suite's door.   I was on my phone and I could hear clearly one adjacent neighbor exhaling with anticipation for the end of my call.    How long can a neighbor's phone conversation echo across three suites ?   My other wall-neighbor was a double and possibly a triple occupancy.   They most probably are banking on the Las Vegas ad term, \"what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.\"  Of course, unless nine months later there is a need for a bigger home.  \n\nThe front door - Mary !  Mother of God !   You could hear a pimp flipping through his cash 50 meters away.   The door looks sturdy, but it does not filter any hallway sounds.   Its like having a beaded curtain for a sound barrier.  \n\nIf you bring your computer, the front desk will give you the password to use their free server.   If you decide to relax in your room with headsets on and watch a movie on Hulu, then you are in for a Buddhist Monk test of patience.  A 45 minute episode of Revenge can take 3 hours to complete because of the buffering.   Lastly,  to keep this review short - don't slide open the curtain of your window facing the parking lot - just don't do it.  \n\nIf you made it this far, then you deserve to know.  Every single employee has been courteous, genuinely interested in helping.   Housekeeping was courteous and accommodating.    \n\nOn my last day, I received a call from the front desk.   The front desk clerk called to ask me if I was going to use my (suite's) phone?  The Hotel is going to do a phone upgrade and phones will go offline.  No, problem, I have a cell phone.   I immediately placed a wake-up call and explained I was going to the airport.   A free shuttle from the hotel front door at my 5:30 am check out time.  However, I did not receive the wake-up call and there was no shuttle -  surprise !    The lady working at my check-out 5:30 am  shift explained there was no wake-up call request made.  Also, there are about 10 shuttle services and they all charge at least $ 9.00.   So, my only call to my room must have been a prank, even though they usually do shut down phone service during upgrades.  \n\nOk,  lets wrap it up.   1.  Efficient check in.   2. Helpful housekeeping.   3. No extra resort \"surprise\" fees.   \n\nUse Priceline and bid $30.00 for a 2-occupancy room.  Don't forget to bring a set of foamy ear plugs.