When you woke up and didn't know where you were, you wondered where you should go and eat. It was Arizona in the fall, yet you felt that you were in Florida, perhaps Miami somewhere, with all the palm trees and pools and green grass and all. Alo Cafe was not your choice but his. He did all the Yelp research and made the decision without you. In a sun dress you wandered out, using Google map as your guide. The place was busy, the garden patio, which he insisted on sitting in, was filled with early risers by 9:30 am, with only two tables remaining, both had full sun exposure.  You suggested to be indoor, but he insisted on the outside. You realized that you were dealing with a German. Like the time when you were in Heidelberg, Germany, when you were literately melting in the 96 degree weather, your German companions all insisted on sitting in the garden patio, it was the hottest day of the summer and they'd been freezing to death the whole summer. \n\nWhat is up with Germans and their garden patio seating preference? You wondered as you reluctantly sat down, the sun was beaming happily down, waiting to give you a taste of Arizona or Heidelberg all over again.\n\nRestaurant had international feel to it. You asked for the salmon and shrimp with eggs and potatoes, he settled with the basic eggs and sausage and toast. Sausage was South African. Eggs poached, like you'd see often in Europe, and like you'd order. He and you were two peas in the same pod, eating preference a solid 10 to 10 match. \n\nThe sun was migrating towards you, this time it's hitting you straight down, you felt a bit sweaty, at the moment, you wished there we some wind. You could never live in the desert, yet you were enjoying this meal, and this visit in the desert more than you could ever imagine. He insisted on switching seats, he's like that with you, always caring for you, putting your needs before his, making you feel that you were the most important person in the world. He was not affected by the heat, in fact, he downed even more coffee. You've known this man for 18 years, yet this was only the second breakfast you'd shared with him, the first one 17 years ago in Hayes Valley, a German restaurant, where you silently said goodbye to him, though he did not know it at the time. \n\nFrom where you were sitting, you could see a white cat, licking her paws, and then she just sat there, her green marble eyes staring at you. You wished you knew what the cat was seeing, perhaps streams of sweat that was accumulating at the bottom of your feet. He asked the waitress what was happening in town. You stayed quietly. He's always in charge. With others, you were always the planner, the care taker, the decision maker. But not with him. He took on that role and in return, you could sit back and enjoy the meal. It was delicious. You ate all the eggs and salmon and shrimp, and then you worked on the potatoes. The coffee cups were refilled seamlessly. So did the ice water. Service was superb. The garden was getting more crowded as more people had joined in. The man sitting to the left of him spoke to him, \"Hey, they switched our bills. I guess we both had Amex Platinum cards.\" It's that kind of crowd. Well to do vacationers and locals who loved this place.\n\nThis garden and the heat made you remember your recent visit in Heidelberg. Germany is a country you've visited more than any other places in the world, a place you were setting permanent roots in, a place you were now moving to. He was born in Stuttgart. He said when he was young, he would visit the castles in Germany with his grandma. You asked, \"did you like the castle in Heidelberg?\"