I have been going to Richardson's for so many years. I can not believe that I have never reviewed this amazing restaurant! It's like an icon to the valley of the sun! Richardson's brings New Mexico to Arizona. Here you can find traditional New Mexican cuisine but also specialities like fish or great steaks with the spice that gives it southwestern flare and taste. I have never had a meal here that wasn't amazing and the service is always, ALWAYS consistent. I like to arrive early, put my name on the 'list' to wait for a table at Richardson's and have a drink 'down below' in the 'dungeon' of Rokerij.. the 'speak easy' feel of going underneath the main restaurant is always mysterious and fun to me. I love all of the copper top on the bars.. I kind of want that on my bar at home! Maybe I am just a little weird?! Okay. I get that! Down at Rokerij, you can pretty much find the same drinks and wines that you find at Richardson's. They have several sparkling wines and champagnes for me too! If its Fall or Spring, the patio of Richardson's is a great place to hang out and there is a fireplace that gives off a great ambient feeling. Drink specials and small plates on happy hour are a really great find! There are great tequilas, mezcals and that leads to what? Great margaritas! Last weekend, I was here with my daughter, who dub's this her 'very favorite restaurant' for southwestern food, when she is home from school on the east coast. This is her first stop and her last stop before heading back to school, always! The bar always makes her a refreshing Prickly Pear Lemonade that she requests when she is here. It's likely not special to her, but she thinks it is, and thats what matters. We always start with the Guacamole, housemade, of course and served with a trio of salsa and duo colored tortilla chips. We always love the New Mexico Con Queso too.. just the right amount of spice and chorizo and served in a hot skillet. This past weekend, I had the Surf and Turf; a nice sized filet mignon, two nice sized grilled prawns atop that, AND, (as if that is not enough!), Chorizo Enchiladas.. they are served open faced. The housemade beans come on the side. This is a huge meal, as most of the entrees here are! This plate is served on the classic pewter Rokerij\/Richardson's plate that comes out HOT and will burn you if you don't mind it! I've had most of the entrees here, and again, I have NEVER been disappointed. My daughter had the New Mexico Enchiladas: three generous enchiladas of your choosing, ( she chose the green chile pork; grilled shrimp and the cheese), with green or red sauce and the green is usually the 'milder' of the two. We were so full we didn't want dessert, but the awesome waiter brought us flan anyway to share.. its almost like a caramel type cheesecake thats super creamy! We have had brunch here and again, nothing is even in the 'mediocre' category.. it falls into the 'amazing and FILLING' category! I highly recommend the Enchiladas and Eggs or the Huevos Rancheros and Eggs.. they will do the eggs any style; poached is my personal preference and they don't bat an eye! Oh! Weekend Brunch Mimosas! I like a Mimosa that is mainly Champagne and little OJ , #bckimberly, I swear I was given almost an entire bottle of champs and a small glass of OJ to add as I wished! The Bloody Mary is also worth the hair of your dog.. or your chinny, chin, chin left over from the night before. The staff here is on point.. Maybe one of the best in all of the valley.. attentive and not rushy. They will talk to you; leave the check when you need it to be left; OR let you linger and hang out and enjoy drinks or those mimosas! The history of this restaurant and all its endured makes it a place we continue to come back to over and over.. and now its the same for our daughter who talks about it while at school in DC. Tip: Richardson's does not take reservations unless there are more than 3 in your dinner party and the weekends and some, MANY week nights get busy! Parking is valet; bring cash to pay and tip! :-) Go to Richardson's hungry and ready for New Mexico spice.. this isn't your 'typical' Mexican food!