Disclaimer: This restaurant is located in Sun City. It is unlikely any of you will find yourself here in the near future and hopefully not even in the far future, as this is where vitality goes to die. But if you find yourself with a flat tire out in the middle of BFE or need to take Grandma out for a night on the town (bedtime by 8pm at the latest, sonny!), this is a pretty respectable choice. And in full confidentiality, it managed to surprise me.\n-----------------------------------------------------------\n\nI can't fathom why, but my family resides in the suburban sprawl of Peoria, which happens to border Sun City. I haven't been out to this haven for golf carts and cataracts since I used to live way out in northwest Glendale, but for my stepmother's birthday she wanted to eat at Little Bite of Italy. So we pile in to the car for the mini road trip out there from Tempe.\n\nHaving arrived early, Mr. Man and I saunter up to the bar and (gasp!) get carded. Seeing how we were mere babes in the womb compared to some of the patrons there, this was no big surprise. What was surprising was the house sauvignon blanc I ordered that tasted like sweet tarts. And cost a whopping $6.50 for a bitsy little glass. Whatevs. Old people's livers don't work as well as mine, so I can see how they can get away with upping the price.\n\nI was also surprised at this freaky gigantic beer tap that was ordered for the table. It seemed like a little bit of frat boy flava delivered to a demographic that could be their parents or grandparents. It was a wicked cool cylindrical device that held three pitchers and had a chilled center at the base. A gigantic bong of of booze if you will.\n\nSince I'm indecisive I went with the sampler: meat lasagna, chicken parmesan and fettuccine alfredo. Aside from the fact that it needed salt (again, my blood pressure probably isn't as high as the older folks), the meal was pretty tasty. The alfredo was lackluster, but I've rarely had good alfredo from a restaurant so it was no surprise. I also grazed on a piece of The Works pizza with sausage, pepperoni, onions, mushroom, red and green peppers. That was far superior and the left over pizza reheated to a lovely crisp in the oven the next day.\n\nThe entertainment was probably the highlight of the evening. There was a 50+ (don't want to offend by guessing wrong), petite female performer in what could have doubled as a figure skating outfit singing her little heart out on stage. She had a great voice, oozed mature sex appeal all over the male customers (no need for viagra that night) and took requests like the pro she was. All ages were shakin' what their momma gave them up in front of the stage, me included, and it was a surprising amount of fun.\n\nI never knew Sun City could be so spry! Respect.