Reviewing a chain restaurant? Darn right I am. And I'm not one to complain about big box restos, but there was just something about the lackluster service (and fruit flies) that really bothered me here. \n\nFood: same old stuff. Good, healthy-ish options and reliable for the most part.\n\nParking: Love the 1hr free parking option for that building! \n\nService: Noooooooooope. I understand the need to hire high school and college students on spring break, but I would vet out some of the bad apples a little better if I were them. The gal who took are order was great. But then a bunch of stuff happened that irked me: \n\n1) We got our cups and went over to the fountain area. This tall, large male employee came out of the back and then basically stood over my boyfriend, his son and I while we filled our cups--WAY too close for comfort. Then he made our little one feel so rushed and uncomfortable that he didn't even want to get a drink. So he turned around to let the employee go--and the guy didn't even say anything. He just ran our little guy over to fill up his cup. Once he was done--he then stalked me while I was trying to find a lid and straw. If your manager isn't going to say it, I will. We are customers. Guests. You are an employee. I shouldn't see you hanging around the soda fountain rushing paying customers out of the way while you're on the clock. You wait until there isn't a line and then help yourself when the paying customers are done. This is a common sense thing. I don't invite guests over for dinner and then rush them to get my food first. Makes no sense. But you're also a man! You're rusing a child and a woman to help yourself? Your answer when our little one turned around to tell you to go ahead should have been, \"Oh--I'm sorry young man. Please go ahead. I can wait.\" But there was just a crappy look and no manners. I'm sure your 17 year old existence is full of lots of angst, but you might have better luck in life using borderline human-nature-manners and common sense. \n\n2) While this whole drink thing was going down, an entire table of managers and employees were sitting at a table right next to us witnessing this. No one said a thing. \n\n3) Also while this was all going down, a young female employee comes rushing out, interrupts the manager meeting and so the whole area can hear, loudly describes how she microwaved the icing for the pastries but can't figure out how to pour it on. She then tells everyone how she put her finger in it to test the temp and burned her finger. Ooook. That's gross. And why can you not pull a single manager aside to ask her to help you in the back? Did you need to broadcast your seedy behaviors? Note to self: I'm never ordering pastries with icing from this location--I'd rather not have random, unclean fingers temp testing my food. \n\n4) Fruit flies. \n\nAgain, our food was good--no problem there, but the service needs some help. Big time.