I had the Dirt Dog location in LA bookmarked, so I was excited to see they opened not just this location, but another one on the Strip (Grand Bazaar Shops) with more possible locations coming in the future. This location isn't on my side of town however the trek was well worth it! Maybe just maybe one day they will open closer to me! Inside was clean and the staff was very friendly and happy to answer questions I had about the menu. You can get your order to-go or they have a good amount of tables\/seating inside. Tacos are a newer addition to the Dirt Dog menu and I thought they were pretty good. The dogs are really where it's at for me, but it's nice to have options.\n\nChicken Tinga Taco ($2) - Chipotle tomato sauce, onions and cilantro. Corn tortillas are currently the only option for the tacos, no flour. Holy shit this was a spicy taco! I loved the flavor and even though I seriously had sweat rolling down my face, I couldn't help but keep taking another bite. \n\nAl Pastor Taco ($2) - The meat is marinated and grilled pineapples and onions are what tops this taco. Al Pastor is usually my taco of choice so I was really looking forward to trying this one. Sadly it wasn't good at all. When I picked up the taco it fell it was so soggy that all the fillings just fell through. The pineapple seemed canned, so not sure how it's getting grilled. I prefer fresh pineapple that you see getting sliced over a spit or grill.\n\nCarne Asada Taco ($2) - Pico de Gallo and scallions top this red chile cilantro marinated asada. Good flavor and especially well liked by my hubby. They have some really tasty sauces\/salsas here that pair nicely with this taco. \n\nDirt Dogs are about $6 each and come fully loaded. They don't skimp on toppings and have great flavor. I love the slightly buttered and grilled split-top buns (aka new england or lobster bun) and the bread holds the dog and toppings nicely. They also have Portuguese and traditional buns as an option.  \n\nThe Dirty Chips are very good and I recommend adding cheese and meat of your choice it really takes these tasty chips up another level. Dirty Corn is reasonably priced and I didn't think it was bad, but I didn't think it was great either. My drink of choice here is the Horchata it's very good and better than I have had at other places recently. Oh yes, they also serve beer! For dessert you can choose from fried oreos or twinkies, horchata ice cream and churros. It's worth nothing for all the vegan eaters out there that they also have a vegan taco ($2) on the menu.