My boyfriend treated us to a couples massage for Valentine's Day. The spa is NOT cheap...but you do get what you pay for: a good quality, relaxing massage. From the receptionists to our masseuse, everyone was sincerely welcoming. \nTIP: I wouldn't suggest parking at the hotel's general guest garage. You will have a much longer walk to the spa versus parking at a open-aired lot super close by.\n\nSeparate men and women's locker rooms (not sure about other cell companies but TMOBILE have absolutely NO service in the locker rooms) and then there's a co-ed area with couches and a hot tub. They have a lot of amenities in the locker rooms. You forgot a hair tie? They have some for ya. Other feminine products are readily available too. \n\nBoyfriend and I each got the 50 min Swedish massage service. My masseuse's name was Sioux. Sweet lady. They left the room when they told us to remove our robes and get underneath the covers on our massage table. I love how they respected our privacy so you're not butt ass naked in front of them. \nIf I can take advantage of any \"magical powers,\" this would be the time I would request that time will stop...or at least slow down a bit. Ultimate relaxation from head to toe. Music was calm, room temperature was perfect and their massage oils smelled good, not over-powering like some can be. You can request them to focus on a certain area. She focused more on my neck and shoulders since that's where all my tensions are held at and my feet because I always have to wear heels for work. Damn....that foot massage was greattttttt!!!!!!!!!\n\nSince it was Valentine's Day, they left us chocolate hearts and cake pops in the room. I thought that was a sweet touch. I love anything themed. They also had rose petals spread out throughout the co-ed area.\n\nWord of advice: pleaseeeee make sure you drink a ton of liquids when you're done getting any kind of massage. I'm talking WATER. Not energy drinks, coffee or worse, alcohol. Drinking water prevents you from getting a headache since your body released toxins from that massage. I drank two 17 oz bottles and the little one they provided us. I learned the hard way that even with a 15 minute amateur massage and I didn't drink enough water afterwards, whoooooo I had a painful pounding headache!!! \n\nI would definitely come back here again if we ever wanted to have a nice \"treat ourselves day.\" Yes, it's expensive but the prices sure beat the heck out of The Strip spa prices.