#600:\n\nQ: Why did the Udon noodles stop drinking?\na: They wanted to be Soba!\n\nUpon first bite, I knew what my 600th review would be on. What a crazy delicious lunch. Did we over-order? Of course we did! But I've been wanting to try this place for forever and a day so I got all the bites I've been craving.\n\nFor starters, we had the Takoyaki and it was the best takoyaki I've had like no joke. Feeling sleepy in Sin City? Let your arm accidentally brush up against this screaming hot pan and it'll wake your ass up! I loved how hot it was though because it gave the sauce a chance to caramelize and form a crust around the takoyaki. The pieces of octopus itself were generously large chunks. Eat it fast if you like your takoyaki gooey. If not, give it a few minutes to cook longer in the pan. You get seven takoyaki so share with the table! We also had the fried calamari and those were okay. I could have done without it though.\n\nSea Urchin Cream Udon and Seafood Tomato Udon were also order. We were recommended to get a soft boiled egg topping which I ended up not touching. The egg was served cold from the fridge so I already wasn't feeling the $1.50 addition I let the server talk me into. But dat uni cream sauce doe. That cream sauce is thick like Hilary Duff 2017. Aw yis. It was rich and decadent. The sea urchin cream sauce coats your mouth and kicks you in the mouthpants! Get an ikura\/salmon egg in the bite and it's an explosion of oceanic flavor. It gives your dish an extra note of brininess that lingers in your mouth. It was ridiculously addicting. The bite of Seafood Tomato Udon I did try was good but I couldn't pull myself away from that Sea Urchin Cream Udon. That dish is haunting me in my dreams. Mmm! \n\nAnd fresh made udon in-house? Uh, yes please! They were neutral in flavor while being perfectly springy with great elasticity, soft and chewy with a smooth texture. It really held the sauce well. It was udon perfection!\n\nI'm glad to have tried this place and it's going to be hard to force myself to try other places with this place serving up the best takoyaki and an amazing bowl of sea urchin cream udon. Staff is friendly, parking is a nightmare [as per usual for Chinatown], and they sell alcohol. 5 million stars!\n\n頂きます!