I SHOULD HAVE LISTENED!  I was advised by no less than 5 people NOT to shop at Trop-aquarium.  I have learned my lesson, and will NEVER return.\nI have a new 65 gal tank, which was professionally installed in my wall.  They had no fish to sell, but advised me to shop for fish ANYWHERE BUT Trop-aquarium.  \nWhen the tank was ready, lured by the BOGO deal,  I ended up shopping for fish at Trop-A. TWICE. \nOn my first visit, customer service was worse than poor.   I attributed it to them being busy (about 6-8 customers).  I bought 6 small f\/w fish and left.   I must be a glutton for punishment, because I went back 2 weeks later.\nOn my second visit, I bought 8 fish on the BOGO offer.  One Groumie (at $5.98) was very sick, and did nothing but lay on the bottom of the tank hidden under a brain-coral.  I took it back.\nThe 'lady' assisting me had all the finesse of a rabid dog.  After testing my water (which had been done the day before) she reluctantly told me that she would give me $2.98 credit.  I said I just wanted to replace the fish I had returned with the same kind.  She said that they didn't have any more of them - so my ONLY option was to get something different - and PAY the difference.   I told her that I felt like I should get a fish of EQUAL VALUE to the sick one that I had returned.  She refused, and told me that I could take the $2.98 she had offered, or nothing at all.  Her attitude was incredibly snotty, and I opted for NOTHING, rather than deal with her.  Pissed-off, I told her where she could put both the sick fish and her puny $2.98 credit.  I left the store, after vowing to write this review, and never return as a customer.\nWhat a FOOLISH way to run a business!  They lost a customer who will spend about $250 - 300 in the next few months.  The woman 'helping' me (who appeared to be the manager) knew that I was going to return to buy a $120 light hood, and lots of the supplies that a new tank owner normally needs.  She lost nearly ONE HUNDRED TIMES in store business, over the $3.00 additional credit I was due.  Additionally, I will warn as many as possible NOT to shop at Trop-aquarium.\nI hope that future customers will be smarter than I was, and heed the warning to NOT SHOP AT TROP-AQUARIUM.