I think in the case of Tako, a \"Just the facts\" type of review is best.  My s\/o and I reserved a table, one month in advance.  Unfortunately, Tako has limited indoor seating.  Upon arrival we noticed that we could have sat at their outdoor counter and eaten,  (Something that we were never made aware).   In retrospect, eating outside would have been so much better because inside was extraordinarily LOUD!!!  Tako has two levels of seating, downstairs is elevated and small tables and the side which is on the aisle is just a stool, no back.  Upstairs it looked like metal tables and equally uncomfortable chairs.  It was a Friday night, so there were lots of people at the bar, which make the noise level even louder.  The strange thing was that they had a DJ playing really, really loud music over some massive speakers which were hanging from the ceiling.  It's dark and loud inside.  I wasn't told that I would be dining at an AC\/DC concert.  Waiter took forever to even get to our table, like 10 mins and took our drink order.  A mixed drink is $10, and they have an extensive tequila list but with little explanation as to what is what.  Mix'n match guacamole was just ho-hum and the stuff you can ad is somewhat intriguing but all in all, flavorless.  Drinks were just okay, not very strong or flavorful for the money.  Taco's were good but not great.  The carnitas  was the better of the two we ordered, (the other was beef)  Honestly, for what the ingredients were, there was just a total lack of flavor.  They are good size and you get two tacos per order.  No matter how you dress them up, they're still just tacos and not worth the month long wait.  I'm not a 20 year old but I'm not 50 either and I'm really tired of these new restaurants that are blaring must so loud that I can't hear what the person across from me is saying.  Mediocre food, ho-hum margaritas, lazy waitstaff and ear splitting music is what you can expect if you decide to spend some time at Tako.  Oh, and did I forget they have just one bathroom!  Gross.