Pampas and I have had our fair share of run-ins. I've complained and complained about service, and they have ignored me and ignored me. It seems like we're playing a long game of piss me off. I've been here 5 times and every-time I have an experience that's out of this world (not in a good way).\n\nFor starters, my biggest issue with Pampas is that they don't come around often enough with meats. They will send one server around maybe every 5-6 minutes. The time in between you're either just sitting there looking around or getting full off water and whatever's on the salad bar (exactly what they want you to do). Just think about the small servings that they are dishing off on customer's plates. By the time they walk away, the meat is already gone. So, that's 5-6 minutes waiting for another server to come around to repeat the same process. Ughh! It's so frustrating!\n\nAlso, when they do come around, they bring the same meats over and over again. They have like 7 meats that they rotate the whole time. It got so bad one time, three different servers had the same meat at my table. One server even had the nerve to say, \"You don't need it, you have some already.\" As if it's coming out of his pocket. I was like, \"No, I want some more, because it'll probably be 10 minutes before I see another server with something different.\"\n\nOh, back to the way the servers just carve the thinnest and smallest piece of meat possible. I don't know if they think it's going to be wasted or if they were trained to be stingy. Most of the servers even get irritated if you ask for another piece. Just stingy, I tell you.\n\nNow, on to something else that bothers me: me being charged for water, although we order alcoholic drinks or even no drinks at all. Granted, the charge is only $1 per person, but I don't feel like I should be forced to pay for something that's just sitting on the table.\n\nA waitress and I almost had an argument on my 2nd visit, because she had an attitude for one and didn't want to be at work, but for two, she didn't know how to explain the charge for water. She just assumed that I was just going to go with it and not voice my opinion. I know she didn't make the prices, but when you tell me that's just how it is and then walk away; I get pissed.\n\nOne may ask why I keep going back. That's a fair question. I go back because the food is delicious man lol. When they do bring it around, it's just remarkable. I love mostly everything. The flavor is always on point and it's always cooked to perfection. All except today, for some reason.\n\nFor whatever reason, the food was just off today. I had to add salt to everything. The meat was just meat, nothing more, nothing less. I found myself, spitting out steak after steak. Not to mention, my dessert, the chocolate brownie, or whatever the call it. It tasted like something was missing...Or they changed the recipe. It wasn't good at all.\n\nI refuse to pay my hundreds after hundreds of dollars, if the quality of the food will began to be only worth $10 or $20. Will I stop wasting money eating at Pampas? Well, until someone recommend a place where I can get extremely full on truly premium meats, for the same amount or cheaper, I will continue to be a Pampas fool. But, do I recommend this place to anyone else? HECK NO! It won't be on my account when someone leaves a review similar to mines. So, no! No recommendations here and none deserved...