When you pay outrageous amounts for a service, it should work. But you can throw money at these clowns and you will get mediocre performance, limited bandwidth and hostile customer service. Comcast and Cox must be having a race to see who can be the worst provider in the world. There won't be a winner in this race, there will only be victims and sad faces from coast to coast. Ahhhhhhmercia. \n\n  I am writing this on my phone because my cable is out at the moment. My fingers furiously tapping on tiny buttons while my eyes cut back and forth to my router and then my cable box. Both of these aged rented pieces of equipment announcing that there isn't a signal, there won't be a productive day of internet use, there will be no cable TV, but there will be a bill in the mail with an increasing amount of money owed by me. This outage could end at any time or it may last for days. I shall not call for help because of previous run ins with the current and former meth heads they hire. I will wait for a few more hours and then reach out to them in a careful manner. We don't want you in our home, not again, you are not welcome here. Your probing eyes glancing across my guitars, your blue collared shirts releasing foul summer stenches that remind me of chemical fires drowned out with human sweat. Your heavy accent making every conversation a frustrating one sided hellish mess. I should have learned Spanish, I know that, I didn't grow up here. Just please fix my cable and go smoke glass in your truck elsewhere. \n\n  I worked for Cox for about 2 months one time. I have been to morning meetings and seen first hand what these people are made of. Like most American corporations they are ran by cornflower blue shirted executive types. They are profit driven to the extreme and would sell two cans connected by waxed thread as high speed phones if they thought for a second the American gum poppers would fall for it. It is exactly as you think it is. But barring a recurring drug problem and being able to show up on time and the ability to stay late without compensation you will be a team leader in no time. It is exactly what you expect without surprises. I quit without notice and got on with my life. But my monthly bill is a constant reminder of those 60 some odd days. \n\n   There are worse cable companies out there I suppose. Maybe there is a cable provider that throws kittens into garbage fires, maybe there is an Internet provider that treats their employees to a baby harp seal hunt if they meet or exceed profit margins. But when it comes to not caring about what they are providing next to what you are paying, cox takes the cake. \n\n  I think I will sit here and watch the no service light blink a while, maybe listen to some AM radio and pretend I am a time traveler sent back to discover where we went wrong with customer service in the future. But I doubt even if I discovered the source of our future troubles I would stop it. We get what we deserve dear readers, we all let this happen. Blink....blink.....blink....blink....