Upon parking we see a trailer, empty boxes on the sidewalk, extra booth\/chairs outside the bar door and one of those huge linen carts where you toss the dirty laundry.\nEntering the restaurant it was kind of dark but the bar was well lit and set for what appeared to be a private party.\nThe hostess greeted us and ushered us to a table,  in the dark.  Since it was our first time and we do wear readers I asked for a table where there was actually some light that was good enough for us to actually see the menu.  She joked, that's what cell phones are for.  \nSo she does seat us in one of the many vacant tables with sufficient light and we are promptly greeted by a cheerful waitress.  What was her name?\nWe discussed Margaritas and after a second trip to the table, and the use of the flashlight on my phone, we were able to make our decision.  A Cadillac for me and the Skinny for hubby. \nThey have a $100 Margarita that reads it's served in a medium glass and I guess you get a free tshirt with it.\nSad to say but Zipps Zipparitas have more flavor and alcohol than the drinks we were served.\nChips and salsa were served and we were given the lowdown on the three varieties of salsa. The most generic salsa was bland, the hot red was just chunky and kind of bland, and the green which was supposedly the hottest was lacking depth and really not hot either. I just thought all the salsas lacked distinguishable flavor.\nFor dinner I decided to try the Chile Relleno BECAUSE I thought it was actually going to contain meat of choice.\nNope, my dish arrived and the meat was put onto the plate and the Chile Relleno was placed on top.  The Chile Colorado was good but greasy and the pepper itself didn't taste like a Hatch Chile.\nEverything was sprinkled with cheese. The calabacita veggie blend tasted like they were pulled out of the freezer and just boiled.\nThe sopapilla was tasty and we all agreed that it was probably the best part of the meal, but sadly nowhere near as delicious as those I've had elsewhere.  Wish Garduno's was still in the East Valley.  \nOverall the food was quite bland, lacking distinguishable flavor of each item that went into preparing the various dishes.\nI like a salsa where I can actually taste the ingredients that go into making it -tomatoes, jalapenos, onions, garlic, cilantro.  \nGimme something that is HOT AND flavorful.  It is possible to have both together.\n\nI felt the food here was bland, missing the slightest amount of flame from any peppers and lacked flavor.\n\nThe tequila selection was interesting but that's not a good enough reason to go back for the food, or a Margarita ftm.