In Scottsdale for Spring Training 2016 and wanted to stop at the icon known as Pink Pony. A little disappointed to hear it had closed in 2009, it was brought back in 2011 but went under again. It was brought to its current state in 2014, after an extensive remodel, and is open yet again. The outside looks as though it has not changed much, if any. It's on the listing of historical buildings so it's nice the bones of the exterior will always remain as is. Apparently the open front patio area that blends seamlessly to the dining area is a new addition. \n\nHaving no reference to the initial layout I went right in at face value. It was very nice inside and had a reasonably large dining area, plenty of memorabilia, a really nice bar, cool wine cellar and all in all a clean sleek steakhouse look with a hint of southwest flair and baseball nostalgia. This is no longer the dim and rustic place of years gone by.\n\nWe came in for lunch and crossed home plate, no really we crossed home plate. The original home plate from nearby Scottsdale Stadium, spring training home of the SF Giants, is under glass at the entry.  \n\nSeating was prompt, we opted to eat on a hi-top in the area that bridged the dining booths to the outside patio. Nice fresh air, good people watching and 2 spring training games on the big screen televisions. \n\nWe ordered up a couple beers from the fairly impressive list of craft beers and landed on the Pony Pretzel as an appetizer. The green Flash West Coast Double IPA was amazing and the Pony Pretzel was really tasty. The beer cheese dip was so good. They could have tweaked this just a tad to a beer cheese soup and I would have ordered the largest bowl possible. For entrees we went with a Pony Chopped (Mixed Greens, Tomato Jam, Bacon, Smoked Blue Cheese, Pickled Egg, Crispy Garbanzo Beans, Scallions, Cucumber, Croutons, with Blue Cheese Dressing), The Basic Burger (8 ounce patty, choice of cheese, LTO and garlic herb aioli on a brioche bun) and the BLT-A (Applewood Smoked Bacon, Romaine, Tomato, Avocado). Both sandwiches came with fries that were prepared just right, nice and crisp. The Pony Chopped was a perfect blend of unique twists on a standard chopped ingredients that made for a lighter meal with great flavors. It paired really well with the Ballast Point Sculpin IPA. The BLT was well very executed. You can't go wrong when you use a quality applewood smoked bacon as the foundation. The garlic herb aioli and the addition of avocado gave it an extra notch above your standard BLT. \n\nOur service was great and the prices were fair. This is on the list to be repeated next time we come out for spring training. The old Pink Pony may have galloped into the sunset but the newer version Pink Pony has every indication of being a reboot of a tradition for years to come.