After sampling their goodies at a Yelp event, I couldn't wait to find these guys out in the wild. Well, I guess a park is wild enough.\n\nThe Cookie Bar is an relatively undersized food truck featuring some alcohol-infused cookies, some non-alcoholic cookies, and a few other goodies. They bake their stuff in an actual kitchen and they bag and tag the products for sale wherever they should go. They also do delivery, which I am going to consider in the future after the multiple samplings of their products.\n\nThey showed up to Sunset Park'd today, filling in the baked desserts niche very capably. I'd planned to visit them and convinced my friends to try them as well. While not everything was a hit, I definitely had some favorites. In a very particular order (favorite to least favorite), here's a list of what we shared:\n\n- Booze Munch ($5 for a bag): to my great disappointment, it seems like this was the only alcohol-infused item today. It's caramel rum puffed corn, and the rum-touched sweetness perfectly melds with the awesome texture. Each piece is crunchy but quickly dissolves in your mouth. It kinda leaves you longing for more, and I'm concerned that the second bag that I picked up for my at-home enjoyment won't be enough.\n\n- Nookie ($2 per cookie): new item for me, and awesome in spite of the lack of alcohol. Chocolate chip pecan cookie stuffed with caramel. The caramel contrbutes just enough of a gooey feel, and the overall texture and flavor is on par with the best chocolate chip cookies that I've had. I might actually get over the tragic loss of the 346 Patisserie chocolate chip cookies if I can get a steady supply of these.\n\n- Pumpkin Punch ($3): a significant disappointment. I just realized that this was not the rum-infused version that I loved at that Yelp event. It still has a nice pumpkin flavor with a good cream cheese frosting and crunchy chopped walnuts, but it's just not the same without rum.\n\n- Chocolate Mojito ($2): it's pretty much an Andes Chocolate Mint in cookie form, for better or for worse. I'm gonna lean toward the latter. It was gooey but not the kind of flavor that I want in a chocolate chip cookies.\n\n- Tipsy Velvet ($2): despite the name, again it's not the alcohol-infused version. I can't remember whether I actually tried it at the Yelp event, but it wasn't memorable then, and it won't be too memorable now. Red velvet and white chocolate are not my favorite take on that dessert, but the texture was still good as always.\n\n- Limoncello Cookie ($2): also not memorable, just a simple lemon cookie with a lemon liqueur glaze. It's not outright bad, but it's roughly event with the Tipsy Velvet for my least enjoyed cookie today.\n\nI hope that The Cookie Bar will come around to Henderson or parts nearby with more alcohol-infused treats. I get that it's a family-oriented food truck gathering that they attended today, but don't forget the adults! Or if you actually had those treats available on your shelves but not on your menu, give us poor folks a heads-up. We'll appreciate you more for it.