Where I'll never eat BBQ again and it's not the BBQ. \n\nI have been known to travel for good BBQ as do a lot of BBQ lovers. This place was one of the best I have ever found. If you went there for lunch the building was packed. So I started to go after the lunch crowd had left so I could take my time and get better service too. It is a dreary atmosphere in the dining room with no windows and the lights were always dim. I don't remember why I started eating there but it was the best BBQ around.\n\nAfter a year or two I noticed that the bbq prices had become marginal on being practical. So, I started ordering a less expensive item, the Brunswick stew. They had the best by far I had ever tasted. \n\nOver the years I would stop in ever few weeks by myself and sometimes with a friend or two and I would have the stew while my party would have the \"Q\". It was then that I first noticed that the guy at the register, (the owner) would often make mistakes on the amount of the check, always to his favor. If we caught it he would always apologize and we would pay and leave. Later I was in with a friend that had never eaten there before and as we finished I suggested we tally the check. I pointed out to my friend that the register guy will probably charge too much and we should already know how much we were to pay. Sure enough, he charged too much and I looked at my friend and spoke loudly enough for some of the other patrons to here, \"I told you he would charge too much!\" Nothing was said by register guy just an apology. He corrected the check took our money and we left.\n\n     \n   I never took anyone there again although not long after that I went and I ordered the stew as usual and as I took my first bite I thought it had a \"odd\" flavor. I had been eating this stew for years and I knew the taste explicitly and for it to have an \"odd\" taste was enough for red flags to go up. I called over the waitress and declared that the stew was not good. She said no problem and she would get me another bowl. Taking my bowl away she went through the swinging doors to the kitchen and soon returned with another bowl and set it in front of me and affirmed that the cook had just made it this morning. So I took a bite and it had the same \"odd\" flavor. I can't say for sure, but it did remind me of the smell I have experienced while in a restroom. Then I looked over at the kitchen door and noticed the cook sheepishly peering out at me. That's when I had a very strange feeling. I wonder if he and the register guy put something in my stew as to get back at me for embarrassing him when I was last in. No...they wouldn't do that would they? Maybe if... no, I can't believe that anyone would do such a thing!  So,  I got up and left never to return again. I'm just going to leave it up to you. What do you think? \n\n     \n   If you ever go there to eat and the register guy charges you too much...maybe you shouldn't say anything if by chance you ever plan on returning!