Let me start this with....\" BEWARE OF A BUSINESS THAT HAS ALL 5 STAR REVIEWS !\nI bought a new Fiat 500 and wanted to get the windows tinted. I went online and did some research looking for the BEST tint job in the southwest area. After reading all of their EXCELLENT reviews , I decided to use ECO-TINT. They were the most expensive out of all the window tinters in the area ($40 or more). I checked their website and they claim that all of their tinting is computer cut and NOTHING is hand cut or cut while on the car. So I paid the extra because I couldnt find another window tinter that stressed NO cutting on the car. They told me this again when I showed up for my appointment.\nAfter about an hour of waiting , an employee named Jay comes out, tells me to follow him in the back to check his work. He was putting on tinting on the top of my windshield and asked me how I liked it. He told me this is the first Fiat 500 windshield he has done. He did it in two pieces and it was completely hand cut. I WATCHED him trim it with a razor , while it was on my windshield. This was NOT computer cut like they claimed. They finished the job after about 1 hour 45 mins and I left.\nA few days later I was getting some groceries out of the hatchback. I noticed that the tinting on the hatchback had been handcut also. I immediately drove back to ECO-TINT and told Mike the owner about my concerns of NOT being computer cut. I told him that I watched Jay handcut the windshield and I feel the same thing was done on the rear window. All he told me was how wrong I was and everything is computer cut.\nHe scolded Jay in front of me for letting a customer see him do this by hand. In the next sentence MIKE pulls out a metal file from his apron and shows me this is how they cut the side windows. They put an oversized piece of window film on your window and then cut the top edge with a METAL file. Yes a metal file rubbing on your glass windows. After fighting for a few months with Mike and VISA, we settled on him taking off the window tinting and refunding my money. The non-professionals at eco-tint took longer to take the film off than put it on. They left my widows filthy dirty and had to have my car detailed. I took my car for a second and third opinion to other shops before the tinting was removed. They both agreed that ECO-TINT is just plain full of crap when they say ALL COMPUTER CUT. Everything is hand trimmed on your vehicle. I got  a better job done right up the street from these liars for $160 instead of $204. BEWARE OF businesses without any bad reviews. I hope this helps. \n\nHave a Great Day !\nA.J.\n\nECO - TINT  has been reported to the B.B.B.\n\nThe owner is a liar and a thief. He is also being investigated by VISA and CAPITAL ONE. \n\nHe has alot to learn about customers and I will do my best to make sure of this.\n\nIf anyone doesnt believe what I have said. Just ask Mike or Jay to show you how they trim your window film with a metal file. NOBODY in the tint business uses this stupid and destructive practice ! If it was all computer cut......IT WOULDNT HAVE TO BE TRIMMED WITH A FILE.\n\nHey Mike ....how many times you going to change your comment. Six times so far. Cant get it right ? And I will bet you Jay's wages for 1 YEAR that he brought me into the \" hidden and off limits \" garage where you do your tinting. You are very ignorant to try and make me look like a liar. Usually its the first defense by a habitual liar. I have taken screen shots of all your editing. What a loser of a business owner to keep this going on.