Craftsteak is a rock solid dining experience.  I am a creature of habit but not a selfish prick so when a Vader says he wants to have steak for dinner, I don't object.  I should because I hate eating steak dinners and Shibuya is my favorite Vegas restaurant of choice.  Steak dinners are so gal'dern filling and who in the f*ck wants a chunk of rotting flesh in their gut before, during, and after they put away a small keg of beer.  Vader, our friend, that's who.  He's the type of douche who will eat steak, sip port, smoke a cigar, and show off his over sized wristwatch just to do it.\n\nIt's been a hard year for everyone I imagine.  Even the thoroughbreds of my friendslist have taken a dive this year.  So I check with Ev, my other friend present that he doesn't have a problem with eating a $60 steak, without sides.  He signs on and we enter Craft.\n\nWe have a cocktail at the bar and our table is ready quick so it's less than one drink and we're down at a very nice corner booth.  The sommelier appears, I request one his personal favs on the list, under $200 and he reappears with a grenache...not exactly what I would have picked.  And he decanted it before he presented it so I was locked in.\n\nI order seafood.  Ev and Vader order steak, of course.  Big ones.  Kobe.  Vader orders just about every side on the menu.  And soon a ludicrous amount of food starts to arrive.  Followed by our mains.  It was all very good and totally satisfying.  The mushrooms, reetahdid good.\n\nMy faith in the sommelier must have tickled him because he didn't leave our table all night.  We bought another bottle of wine and then he brought out as our third, a '97 cab, on the house.  After dinner, he brought us a half bottle of ice wine, on the house.  WTF?  Dude, I'm straight but I will pimp you one of my friends if it means you keep bringing wine.\n\nSo, we're at the end of the meal and the check comes.  I know it's north of $500 so I don't bother looking and just throw my card down and Ev does the same.  Vader is still checking his wallet, surveying the bill, and then looks up to say, \"you guys are gonna have to spot me, I didn't know you were going to order all that wine,\" and puts forth no money.  Those of you reading this with even scant intelligence can imagine the ensuing conversation so I'll spare you.\n\nBut I'm obviously arrested at the notion that he just went an entire dinner in an establishment that he recommended knowing that he didn't have any money and ordered the most expensive shit on the menu and didn't say a word until the bill arrives!\n\nI'm the kinda guy who won't make you feel stupid; I'll just bring it up down the road at a time of my convenience.  Ev...a different story.  He blows his stack.  And Vader has the audacity to get indignant about his attack.  Now I'm starting to fume because the whole thing is obviously premeditated and now Vader is claiming it's not his fault but ours.  Okaayyyy...\n\nI put Vader's chunk on my tab and when he's in the bathroom, we ditch him for the night.  I mean sh*t, it's the least we could get away with given how rightfully pissed we were at this twat.  Plus, believe it or not, this not the second time this has happened, but the third time I've had to pick up someone else's tab, in Vegas.  Never go to Vegas with anyone who can't afford it.\n\nWe leave, hook up with some friends, get in a cab, direct it to Tryst and a comedy of error ensues beyond imagination...