This Home Depot is basically just like any other Home Depot you go to.  \n\nHOWEVER, the basis for my negative review is as follows:  One night I was in Home Depot to pick up some lava rocks for landscaping use.  Upon pushing open the double doors to get into the garden center I encountered a very large Rottweiler walking around freely! YES! A Rottweiler dog no joke!  The dog had a leash on it and was walking freely by itself and had no service dog vest or markings indicating it as such.  Then I see its owner who was an adult male shopper come after it to control it.  What if that dog saw me as a threat and attacked me while I was simply shopping for lava rocks?  Is this something I as a shopper should have to contend with? ABSOLUTELY NOT!  What if I slip and fall on dog feces or urine?  What if I get bit?  I am here to tell you in front of God and everybody I will sui Home Depot AND the dog owner plain and simple.  This is not something I as a shopper should have to contend with. This is a home improvement store not a zoo or pet store.  IF the dog is a legit service dog then fine and dandy.  But as a dog owner why would you want the liability of bringing your dog into the Home Depot to shop with you? God forbid the dog bites some kid who decides to pull on it ears or something.  Home Depot why would you want this type of liability? Lawsuit! Lawsuit! LAWSUIT waiting to happen.\n\nI tracked down the manager and told her about it.  While trying to get in touch with the manager I saw 2 other people with 2 different dogs shopping in the store.  None were marked as service dogs!  The managers response was \" Well we can't stop the customers from bringing their dogs into the store.\" Really? I guess you can't stop something called a LAWSUIT either then right?  I was in this store again on 1\/8\/18 and was shopping for tape and had to contend with two dogs sniffing me while I looked for tape!  A store employee was helping me and complimented the dog's owner on how well groomed they were! WOW! JUST WOW! Shame on you Home Depot for letting this go on in your store.  Let this serve as record that evidently Home Depot condones people to bring dogs into their stores.  If anyone needs me to testify as a witness in the case you get bit or fall down or whatever feel free to contact me here thru Yelp messaging.  How about everyone bring their dog with them to shop in Home Depot how about THAT?!?!?!?  This is totally irresponsible and negligent of Home Depot to allow this to go on in their stores.  Enough said.