My palms get sweaty, my vision blurs and I feel a bit faint. I am in love with this Total Wine!\n\nI do not hide the fact that I definitely love wine and am a true cocktail darling, always be true to yourself I say! I will admit that I am actually a bit of a snob when it comes to 'MY TRINIITY'- port, Riesling and gin. Other wines and alcoholic beverages I do love and Total Wine has a great selection. I honestly will go to other locations for other wines but for the trinity, it is Total Wine.  With Port, Riesling and Gin I have become annoyingly picky about them and I mean annoying! So finding a place that has top notch selections has my Yelp Love.\n\nSpending a month in Germany, a good Mosel Valley Riesling needs to happen for me. I have not been able to find many places selling imported Riesling in Vegas except for here. Most Riesling's you find are from the Pac North  West, which are not bad but like I said, I am a Riesling snob. Total Wine has a great selection of that sweet wine which is best from Deutschland. \n\nAs for Portos, Total Wine has a wonderful selection of top Desert Wines including Dow's 2011 Porto which was named Wine of the year from Wine Spectator in 2014. I found it while looking for a Port last week. There are nice selections of Ports that will sooth any palate and price range too. Fabs!\n\nAs for Gin, British Gin is my cup of English Tea. Gin is a curious thing really. If done badly you feel like a masochist punishing yourself but if done well you feel like a saint rewarding yourself. Gin has become a very stylish drink for the Brits, so they have cultivated it well and have Gin Bars in England serving the best gin drinks around. Spending a lot of time in England the last decade, I have found British gins to be smooth and flavorful especially when infused with fruit or garnished with orange rinds. Total Wine has an amazing selection of British Gin and I always experiment looking for an imported gin with an English label. It is nice to find a place that understands how important a good gin is.\n\nTotal Wine also has a lot of fun items like Cocktail Caviar which is Boozy Boba! I bought a jar awhile ago and have used it in cocktails and on top of ice cream. Yes I do love to indulge!\n\nSo if you see a short dark haired girl pushing a shopping cart, with a wide eyed glare, wiping her sweaty palms on her dress and slowly walking down each aisle... it is probably me. Love Total Wine!!