When I saw the culinary mind behind Soho in the house, my expectations grew higher. They were exceeded.\n\nI've anticipated the opening of Jaburritos ever since I heard that Chef John Chien Lee of Soho Japanese Restaurant was launching a new place. I finally got to try it when I met up with friends for an early lunch. And yes, the man himself was present, watching the front line and working around the back counter and the kitchen while still smiling to customers. How could that not be a great omen?\n\nJaburritos is his take on the fusion of sushi and burritos. Unlike other concepts that I've tried (local AYCE joint JJANGA and LA-based food truck Jogasaki, the latter a regular sight at the twice-yearly Foodie Fest), Jaburritos actually incorporates Mexican ingredients into the burritos and provides a basic \"salsa\" bar to boot (mild salsa, salsa verde, and salsa roja in addition to ginger, wasabi, and house soy sauce).\n\nI like the location and the space. It's on Sahara across from Palace Station, so it's not far from the freeway. The inside is bright and welcoming with environmentally conscious decisions (full-on LED lights, anyone?) and relatively modest seating (maybe 30 people max). The line moves quickly, and it's very natural to compare the ordering experience to Chipotle because of the assembly line format, the \"burrito\" bowl option, the possibility of customization (although the pre-designed, beach-named menu items seem like winners), and of course the (sometimes) bagged chips available at the cashier.\n\nI decided not to look into the possibility of \"jachos\" (corn or taro chips topped with sushi ingredients) and I didn't feel up to making a burrito from scratch, so I went for the easy preset options. For the choices available with these, I asked for the soy paper, not the nori wrap, so as to match the presentation of the aforementioned sushi burrito purveyors. I also stuck to the white sushi rice instead of the brown rice because they stated that the latter didn't have the sushi vinegar.\n\nTaro chips with queso ($2.99 for the side order, i.e. not the combo): I must mention this first. I kept munching on this and almost ignoring the burritos because they're so addictive. The taro chips are much like the Terra packaged version except dusted with furikake. They're fun on their own, but something about the combination of the taro chips with that liquid cheese dip that makes it very tough to stop. I somehow tasted a light sweetness with the combo, and it definitely wasn't from the queso alone. Definitely make this a part of your order, whether it's the shareable-size side portion or a smaller portion in the drink combination.\n\nRockport ($10.95): soft shell crab, spicy tuna, surimi, jalapeño, masago, cucumber, red onion, tempura crunch, chipotle mayo, sweet anguilla (eel) sauce. It's easy to point to the two powerful sauces as the reason that this has been a winner with others, but it wouldn't succeed without the other ingredients combining harmoniously. The tempura crunch is the standout of the non-sauce components. I could probably eat this all day, but I shared half with a friend in exchange for...\n\nRedondo ($10.95): ahi, salmon, yellowtail, cucumber, masago, red onion, tortilla strips, jalapeño, cilantro, wasabi mayo. It wasn't as purely fun as the Rockport, but it's almost as delicious. The fish stand out in this burrito, proving that you don't need so many sauces to have a good sushi roll. Or a good Jaburrito, one that I'd also order again.\n\n[UPDATE 11\/3\/15: Went again with different friends, tried the Kodiak ($8.95): grilled salmon, romaine, cream cheese, pico de gallo, tempura crunch, mango teriyaki, chipotle mayo, and furikake. It wasn't very good, and I had to keep adding flavor from soy sauce and the various salsas. Skip this, and design your own grilled salmon combo if you must.]\n\nI tried the salsas with everything. I didn't find that they significantly elevated anything (except for the lackluster Kodiak), but they weren't incompatible and provided a fun accent. The soy sauce helped the Redondo more than the sauce-laden Rockport. I skipped the ginger and wasabi since I feared unnecessarily sharp flavors, but they looked like standard fare at least.\n\nJaburritos is a great choice for lunch or a light dinner. With fresh ingredients and solid execution, Chef Lee has proven the concept of sushi and Mexican fusion while creating the best rendition of the sushi burrito that I've had thus far. I can't wait to return to try different options and eventually make my own Jaburrito from scratch.