Came here in a group of 4 using a voucher I had purchased from buytopia ($30 for $70 worth of food on weekdays or for $60 on weekends) on Saturday. It is located on a busy road so as far as I know you need to pay for parking on Avenue Road ($2.25 per hr). It started getting quite busy around 6:30pm so I suggest making the reservation earlier -- like 5pm. \n\nATMOSPHERE: it's an old restaurant, so everything is kind of old and rusty, but has a vintage feel to it. There are live lobsters by the entrance and you see the kitchen staffs going back and forth to grab the lobsters, so you know they are fresh. The table setting was pretty bad though - they had placed all 4 sets of utensils facing one direction. I mean - if there are 2 people on each side facing each other, 2 sets of utensils need to face one direction and the other 2 need to face the other (pic posted for those that don't get what I'm saying :p). It's no biggie but it's something they need to pay attention to. \n\nSERVICE: They open at 5pm and we went in at 5:10pm but no one was at the table and few other groups were waiting there for about 5 minutes until the hostess finally came. \nAlso, the water was not even served until 10 minutes after we were seated and it smelled really strongly like chlorine!!! or some other chemical! like realllllly strong - we all couldn't drink more than a few sips. Maybe this is some kind of bad business tactic to make the customers to order other beverages? \nPrior to visiting, I read that this place is under new management and the quality of food and services have gone down. So we wanted to try some appetizers and lobsters before we decided ordering more entrees. When the waitress (who seemed like the owner) took our orders of 4 appetizers and a 1 1\/4 lobster, she was all like \"you're in a group of 4, you need to order at least 2 entrees\". This was neither written on their website nor in the fine prints section of the voucher. When we told her we will order later, she said \"The kitchen gets very busy and it'd be better if you ordered now.\" Ummm... Okay? I guess we as customers need to consider THAT far. Anyways, fine, we decided to change our order and get lobster grandin (appetizer $12), garlic jumbo shrimp (entree $32), and 1 1\/4 steamed lobster (entree $36) for now to see how the food is then get more later if we like the foods (yes we were that scared). Funny thing is, the waitress\/owner, who was not very pleased that we were reluctant to order more food, actually put on a lobster bisque ($10) on the bill without even asking us and brought 3 bowls, saying \"oh you must try the soup, it's really good. I brought 2 extra.\" I was not very happy that she had put a dish without even asking us although she did bring extra, because if she really wanted all 4 of us to try it, she should have either made it free or brought 3 extra since there were FOUR people sitting at the table. Well, whatever.\n\nFOOD: the food came pretty fast probably because we came as soon as it opened. garlic bread was alright - nothing special. lobster bisque ($10) was pretty good - I think this is their specialty since the owner wanted us to try it so bad. lobster grandin ($12) was alright. Really greasy and small in portion for what it is. 1 1\/4 steamed lobster ($36) served with butter was average. It was really just steamed, seriously nothing special, I'm not sure why they jack up the prices so much for what I can easily make for $10-15. Rice came with it and it was super bland. Garlic jumbo shrimps ($32) were good, but again, nothing special. And I'd like to quickly add that I got bad stomachache two hours later. \n\nOVERALL: Generously putting it, everything about the food was really below average and definitely NOT worth all that money. I know seafood is expensive, but for the high price I'm paying and the small portion I get, I expect some kind of uniqueness and exceptional quality in the food and good service from the servers. Service was below average -- the waitress was trying to be nice and friendly but it seemed pretty fake. I'm just glad that we were using a voucher and that we didn't order too many dishes which I'm sure we were going to be disappointed in.  Lobster Trap didn't turn out to be one of those restaurants that offer a good discount (through a voucher) and still offers excellent customer experience thus make customers return. I do not recommend this place to anyone - you can find other excellent seafood restaurants in a similar price range and Lobster Trap cannot compete with them.