A couple of us needed a place to pregame the Looney Tunes Yelp Elite Event at the Toonseum recently - Mahoney's just happened to be the closest place and so, by default, it was the winner.  Mmmmm, \"winner\" might be the wrong choice of words.  Interesting, maybe.  There were highs, there were lows.  \n\nLet's hit the \"lows\" first and end on a \"high\" note.  My companion and fellow Yelper, Ricardo, and I took comfortable barstools at the end of the long, well-stocked bar.  The female bartender came over and said to me, \"What do you want, Grandma?\"  Really?  This is a chick who depends upon the kindness of strangers for her tips?  I laughed it off with a pointed comment to her as Ricardo and I looked at each other with mild shock and amusement.  Fortunately, she redeemed herself later.  (Full disclosure....yes, I AM a grandmother several times over, but.....)  \n\nAnother Yelper joined us a little while later and was the object of quite a bit of interest from owner and a friend of his\/customer at the other end of the bar.  Some good natured kidding is one thing, but it bordered on creepy....especially after the two of them later came uninvited into the Yelp Event (smoking horrible-smelling cigars!)  to see her later in the evening! Precautions were taken to assure our fellow Yelper got to her destination safely.\n\nThe highs.   I ordered a Dark n Stormy which the bartender had never heard of, but the owner told her how to make and sent her downstairs to get a few bottles of some really good ginger beer.  The drink was assembled in a double old-fashioned glass with an amazingly large pour of Goslings rum - far more than a double!  She added just a splash of ginger beer and a healthy squeeze of lime.  Although it wasn't the best DnS I've ever had, it certainly packed the most good, dark rum.  And at the Happy Hour price of $4.50, it was certainly the best value in a DnS I've ever had!\n\nThe fries at Mahoney's are another high.  Crisp, fresh fries, perfectly salted and another bargain at less than $2. The bartender was friendly and fun....well, after she warmed up a bit!  Good prices, good food, good drinks....the highs.  Would I go back again?  Probably not.  But, if you're feeling adventurous, brave and are looking for a Happy Hour bargain, go for it!  Just take a thick skin and, perhaps, a great big boyfriend!