I wish \"zero\" Stars was an option\n\nIt has been a long time since eating at an original Long Wongs , so I stopped in to try this location.  Except for the name, this is nothing like the Long Wongs I remember.  Very small, hole in the wall type of place, it feels almost like they should have closed down some time ago.  The place was rather grungy, everything seemed to be in a state of repair, or just plain old.  I almost walked out, but thought what the heck, I am here.  I should have went with my first impression and left this place, one of the worst dining experiences ever . \n\nWe were seated immediately and our server brought us menus to view and stated she be back in a few minutes to take our drink orders. 13 minutes pass our server was nowhere to be found so Ithe manager came to our table and took our orders. \n\nWe ordered one dozen  boneless wings, hamburger,  french fries, and 2 soft drinks. As we were waiting for our food, we served ourselves our own drinks only to realize that one cup had a large crack and the drink spilled all over the table. We waited for a server to come back to the table however she never came back. Eventually, we got someone's attention and they said they would give us a new cup. Another 15 minutes goes by we finally get a cup.  \n\nAt this point we're still waiting for our entrees to arrive, while other people who arrived later than us we're already being served. I asked a server, \"how much longer it would be?\" and he stated he would go check, only to never come back and advise us of anything. \n\nAfter waiting 47 minutes I decided to leave. I went up to the cashier told her I no longer wanted my order and I would like to pay for my drink.  The cashier asked me if I wanted my food boxed up, I told her I didn't want any food. \n\nInitially, she was going to charge me for two drinks until I reminded her that the one the cup had a hole and we weren't able to drink from it.\n\nAll in all a horrible experience I would never go back again.