REVIEW 365 OF 2013!!!\n\nYELP 365 CHALLENGE (LA Style) - Crushed and DeMELished!!!\n\n\nMet up with a few close friends to celebrate the GF's birthday. I've heard of the place, seen it, but never had the opportunity until now. Let's start with the restaurant itself.  I thought that the actual restaurant is clean and loved the ambiance because it wasn't packed for a Holiday weekend.  The menu is just a basic one pager with food on one side and wines on the other.  The first thing to catch my eye with PJ Clarke's menu is the sticker price.  Here, you get your choices of different steaks, lobster, fish, burgers, and a few different appetizers.  The prices are a bit high, but expected since it's on the strip and in the Forum.  This is a chophouse and their steak and seafood entrees are about what you expect to pay for on the strip.  The portions looked just about right too.  My gripe about the prices is on their other food outisde of steaks.  Everything outside of their steaks were a bit over-priced.  I wasn't in the mood for steak on this visit, so I ended up with their Cadillac Burger (Over $20).  No frills, above average taste, but not worth the price tag in my opinion.  We had tater tots, calamari, and onion strings for appetizers and felt that all three were little on the salty side.  Terri R had the Lobster Mac and I thought it was pretty good, but a touch on the salty side too.  \n\nService here wasn't the best. From where we were at, you can hear the chef yelling at that the staff and our server wasn't the most attentive.  First, he took forever to take our order.  When our orders finally came in, he just dropped off the food without even asking if we needed anything else.  Yes sir, ketchup would be nice with our fries. Please, some dipping sauce for our onion strings would be great.  A knife would be perfect with my meal, but I guess a butter knife is all I get.  I also got an allergic reaction from my dessert (my fault).  All I needed to hinder my nauseousness was some crackers.  Our server was too busy chatting with his buds that I had to wave for another server to take care of us.  The sad part...our group was big and the tip was automatically added.  That means that our server got close to $100 for doing almost nothing. Overall, not the biggest fan of PJ's.\n\nAll is not lost though.  I still had a great time with friends and the birthday girl, Terri R.  Happy Birthday to my GP!!!  If I could rate the restaurant based on the great time we all had during dinner, it would be 5+ Stars for sure.  \n\nPS:  Read the reviews...seems like Happy Hour is the way to go here.  Maybe, I will be back.  But for now, 3 stars is all you get, PJ Clarke.