Wait, What?!!! This is the most unassuming steak house in Henderson and quite frankly all of Las Vegas.  \n\nIt is sealed tucked away from the entire casino and shielded from all the smoke and sound and my oh my is it delicious, exquisite and food of quality beyond words. Oh and not to mention the amazing value!!!! \n\nI will warn you, DO NOT  judge a book by its cover when coming into Fuego because you will feel like you walked into the Flintstones movie.  So once you move past the rocky enclaves and painted 70's inspired sunrise and tropical island orange and black murals and  you nestle into the cozy, charming and even at times romantic setting - you will forget your at the Fiesta Hotel & Casino.  \n\nNow let's talk about the food.  I will admit, between my fiancée and I, he is the steak expert and we have tried over a dozen steak houses in town from all price ranges and this one on value, quality and taste - hands down wins top price.  I had the Petite Filet Mignon (6oz) for $28 and my man ordered the huge Rib Eye for $36 and shared a side of scallops.  The bread basket is - a cheat meal all in itself stuffed in a napkin you will find a hot and  buttery croissant muffin and a pretzel baguette with whipped butter to melt your palette heart. \n\nOnce served your meal comes with side salad, soup of the day, mashed potatoes and seasonal veggies.  \nI ordered the salad with their creamy balsamic dressing instead of the soup of the day which was New England Clam Chowder.  The salad was fresh and crisp served with crisp greens and arugula and their dressing served to self drizzle was delicious.  I ordered my steak medium rare and two of their delicious sauces ( cilantro garlic and Bernaise), the garlic cilantro sauce was by far my favorite.  I have to talk about the mashed potatoes, for someone who is carb conscious this was the perfect portion, they were divinely buttery, fluffy and memorable, placed gently next to this bed of starchy clouds were two slices of squash and it was perfect.  They have an array of delicious side dishes but this was more than enough. \nThe scallops were out of this world, super clean and  cooked to perfection and served with drizzle of citrus lemon and a creamy buttery sauce that could not be any more perfect.  I also tasted my fiancée's rib eye and oh em gee! Wow. So juicy and drenched in that supercalifragalasticexpialadocious  signature cilantro garlic sauce. \n\nWe didn't order dessert because it was late and simply didn't fit but the creme brûlée, berry cobbler and cinnamon rice pudding were what I would have ordered.  Hope this review inspires you to give it a try to this hidden gem at the Fiesta.