Let's say no stars whatsoever, shall we? \"Capo's is a must\"? A must to avoid!\n\nThis qualifies as the all-time-worst restaurant or entertainment experience -- and this in more than  35 years of fine-dining experiences all over the world. In fact, it has a unique distinction: it is the first time a party of which I was a member was given the bum's rush. We were as good as ordered out of the restaurant (no weapons in evidence, however). This, for having the temerity to criticize the food when asked!\n\nHere's the rundown. We were three, out for a night on the town and straight from the (soon-to-be landmark) Don Rickles show at the Orleans. We had determined to have dinner at Capo's since a member of the group recommended it. We arrived at about 10 p.m. on March 21, were seated promptly, and ordered enough food and drink to account for a check of more than $200 (we hadn't ordered dessert yet).\n\nAfter a wait of more than 25 minutes between the first and second courses, we received our entrees: chicken parmigiana, manicotti with eggplant, and veal piccata. The unifying factor among three disparate plates was that all were overcooked. We each took a few bites of our dishes, discussed our disappointment, and then the server arrived. It was as if he heard us, which was unlikely, given the ambient din. We made our complaints known. The one of us who had ordered the manicotti then told him: \"Look, I know how this was prepared, and it wasn't prepared properly. It was made and served in the same sizzle-tray, so the cheese is now burned onto the bottom of the metal plate!\"\n\n(For what it is worth, the diner with this specific criticism is a chef at a well-known kitchen in a Las Vegas fine-dining restaurant a few cuts above this red-sauce Italian place.)\n\nTwo waiters who heard our complaints seemed sympathetic but somewhat disbelieving, saying, \"Whatever, we want to make it right, OK?  How about some beverages and dessert on us?\" We agreed; they took our orders and had the table cleared. I had eaten three bites of the toughest veal on record, covered in a gelatinous, objectionably flavored piccata sauce.\n\nAs we settled back, there was another figure at our table, questioning us excitedly, a minion at his side moving the table. The questioner, incongruously dressed in the distressed jeans and screen-printed,  long-sleeved T-shirt of an aging hipster, demanded to know why we were still sitting there if nothing had  met with our approval. \"I don't want you in  this place if you're unhappy! Why don't you leave!\"\n\nSo we did. We were met at the door by the maitre d', who was perplexed at our abrupt departure. He claimed not to recognize from our description who might have demanded our ouster.\n\nHowever, no one was more surprised, perplexed, feeling ill-used -- to say nothing of hungry -- than we were. Not only won't we be back, but we doubt anyone each of the three of us knows will cast shadows on these dark doorsteps.