Nope. Never again will I come here. \n\nWe arrived at 12:35 looking for a sign or something to tell us that this was LV Food Junky - and had to ask a woman in a green apron to find out that it was. We looked at the menu and she quickly told us they didn't have 3 of the main items - but a delivery of supplies arrived as we were still choosing. We ordered 2 BLTs on Sourdough ($12 ea) and the Potato Tacos $10). We tipped ahead of service. \n\nWe went inside and grabbed some beers from Banger (their Dark Angel is delightful). After 25 minutes my friend and I went out to see if maybe we were supposed to grab our food or if it would come to the table, cuz 25 mins is a long wait for two sandwiches and two tacos (with only one other table ordering food). We were told they would bring it to us, no problem. \n\n35 mins into our stay, I got up to check on the food but saw it being plated, so I went back to our table - SO excited. The two BLTs arrived, they were piled high with bacon, sat atop 5 French Fries on a small paper plate. Didn't look like a $12 sandwich, but this place has 5 stars....so who am I to judge? I encouraged my husband and friend to eat while it was hot, as the server told me mine 'would be right out'. \n\n10 minutes later the server brought 6 sliders to a table across the brewery that had arrived after us. She stopped at our table and said she was going to put another taco on my plate for me having to wait. 10 minutes after that, she brought 6 tacos to the same table. I nearly lost my sh*t. \n\nI went out to the cooking station and told the other woman out there that I could not wait any longer for my food. We had stopped there early before the Symphony and been there for well over an hour, my husband and friend had finished their meals and beers, another table was served the food I was apologized to twice for not receiving. I could see my order on the grill, just started. \n\nThe woman did not apologize. She simply asked what I had ordered. The server was picking up sandwich sticks off of the ground, didn't look at me or apologize. Nobody tried to fix it, feed me, make the situation better in any way. They returned the money to my card and seems aggravated that they had to take a minute to do so. They refunded my meal and my husbands along with the tip I had given them in advance. \n\nNot even an 'I'm sorry'? Forget that. I wish I could give zero stars.