Paris, I am quite saddened to see how far you have fallen from several years ago when I awarded 5 stars. Unfortunately, staying with you did not meet my expectations, and in fact disappointed me greatly.\n\nAt the very beginning when I went to check in, you initially told me that instead of the 5 nights that had been reserved, there was only 1 night reserved. I had to get out of line, ask my boss for the confirmation email, then wait in line for 45 minutes. When I got to the front, you shut down several of the check-in desks so there was only one open to the general public. When I explained that I had a 5 night reservation, your check-in agent gave me attitude. Finally, she went and got a manager, who explained that while there was a 5 night reservation, only 1 night was paid for. That was fine, and should have been explained before I had to go wait in line and listen to the agent tell me that I didn't know what I was talking about. \n\nWhen the time came for me to utilize the cashier, he told me that I needed ID, which I'd left in my purse in one of the ballrooms. This was in spite of the fact that the machines were quite willing to take my bills, but for some reason breaking them down into 10's by the cashier required ID.\n\nOn my second-to-last night at Paris, I went to take a shower. I grabbed the top wash rag that had been nicely folded and supplied by housekeeping earlier that day. When I got under the shower head and opened the wash rag to add shower gel, I found someone's fake eyelash stuck to the wash rag. So gross.\n\nThe following evening, I came back to my room after a long day at a conference only to find that housekeeping had apparently been snacking in my room since they dropped some type of nut on the floor next to the bed. \n\nI tweeted a photo of the nuts on the floor to Paris, but all they did was offer to send housekeeping up the next morning. I'd cleaned up the nuts the evening I found them, and I find it appalling that they didn't do anything to try to actually make the situation right for me. \n\nI would strongly suggest staying away from this hotel.