I hate to say that I am very disappointed in myself for not being able to set more time to visit with my cousin.  She had planned to take me up to the CN tower restaurant for dinner when we met downtown in Toronto but a second showing for our film proved to be a schedule changer and we had to have our meal in a more quicker place and not necessarily fast food.  \n\nWe have not seen each other in person in almost 18 years since her firstborn and now here I am visiting Toronto for the first time in many years and had to rush our dinner.  Truly, she looked great and definitely always a reflection of her mother's looks.  Truly wonderful and might be a good reason to revisit the city with Brian next time.\n\nThe restaurant she picked was an interesting place.  A concept not necessarily new.  A food card is provided and you went to a station to choose your food and the cost is added to your card and you wait for the preparation for your food.  The prices are pretty high but since its CDN (Canadian currency maybe not so much).  This was popular in a restaurant in Chicago years ago but it works well for a quick fresh meal.  My cousin got her shrimp with rice and I ordered the AA Sirloin steak well done (which took longer but worth it) with fries.  Truly the food itself was good, my cousin and I shared stories which contributed to a great dinner despite its brevity.  I tasted the rice and it was good and restaurant worthy.  After we finished our meal, it is not over until you have dessert.  She had coffee with tiramisu and I had the fruit tart with the café au lait.    \n\nBeing the visitor, my cousin paid and I will not forget the memories, the conversation and although hurried because of the schedule changes.  Nothing was worth more to me than being able to sit and talk with her about me, my partner, her current life.  It was not enough time but the place she took me allowed us to be ourselves without the pretensions of waiting for service and looking for a view.\n\nWhen we review places, we try to let our friends know the perfect spot, the great service and most of all the value of the experience.  I am giving this place the most stars possible because of a good memory that shows me that the gap of time can be surpassed with good memories of the past, the present and the future.