Jesus don't ever give this psycho any business, he is an insane person, this is just his latest crazy message, and I'd love to see the video, I didn't throw anything, I handed him the screen that popes off cause I didn't want it breaking in my bag. All I did was post an accurate review that they do cheap work and you get what you pay for, this is the point of yelp to tell other customers what they are getting, this is just the last in a serious of crazy messages about how he hates me. Maybe that's why he didn't fix my phone right, either way the point is, that yeah they're like ten bucks cheaper but trust me it shows in their shifty work and cheap products.\n\nSubject: RE: Your Review\n\"you are calling troy a liar - you must be delusional i know troy very well - he is 36 years old with a terminal condition and you calling him a liar he would never sell a cheap case saying it would stop your phone from breaking when you have to face the prospect of your own finality life becomes precious and you dont waste time lying that guy has done so much for people in the last year and given his house and investment properties to children with cancer and now lives in a trailer home because when you are terminal you see life from a different perspective and money becomes meaning less. if you suffered the chronic pain he has to ensure and the emotional distress of his condition you would understand money means nothing. you deserve to burn in hell for callig him a money grabbing liar to say he forced you to buy a case so that he could maKE A $1 profit is the most disgusting filthy thing i have heard anyone say, its ironic that someone like you gets to live and someone like him will dies. you must  of severe mental problems you dont even remember your dirty nasty attitude when you came into the store our screens are made by apple so they are the same quality as an original. you did throw that screen at me its on video and i showed that to troy.\n\nif you had come into our store with a different attitude and not lied about being forced to buy a case and lied about what he said that the case would prevent your phone breaking - i would probably like i do for many people repaired your phone for free. \n\napart from thinkin g about yourself who have you helped out - troy works for free giving his wages to a charity for kids with cancer and volunteers every holiday to assist with charitable events. you should be disgusted with your self for claiming he is greedy for a $1.50 profit. \n\ni really feel sick when i see your pic and i do hate you and you did throw it at me its on video which i have shown to everyone - i am a nice polite person you are not you are an angry bitter person who is self centered delusional and truly deserve no freinds happiness or sucesses in life - i actually went to church today and prayed to god that he puts you first in line for the gates of hell and that the rest of your life will bringf you misery sadness and failures . you need to stop being self centered cruel and think about what little you help out felliw human beings. lets compare all the things troy hAS DONE IN THE LAST FEW MONTHS OF HIS LIFE FOR OTHERS THEN LETS LOOK AT WHAT YOU HAVE DOINE FOR OTHERS\"