I arrived at The Mirage around 5:30 on Friday the 17th. We valeted our car, and checked our bags we had with the bellman. Bellman #65 asked me if there was any fragile items and I tell them yes there is, there is 2 bottles of vodka inside so please be careful. So he puts a fragile tag on the bag and goes inside. \nWe proceeded to the check in, and we got our room key. My good friend booked our stay there on his card and name. My first time there. It was nice, I liked the set up, clean and the rooms were nice. Soon as we arrived in our room we called up our bags and started to get ready for a birthday dinner we were already kind of late for lol. The bags don't come up for like 30 minutes. When it came, the bellman said that I have bad news, the bottle of vodka opened and it got your whole bag wet. Great! The FRAGILE tag does not mean anything to them. I was surprised by this and I was told to call the bellman manager by the name of Lenny or something. \nSo I tip the bellman that was sent to deliver this and I called the supervisor. He told me that they are not responsible for it since it wasn't broken or some other lame excuse. Very unprofessional, instead of figuring out what happened, he was basically blaming me that the vodka spilled all over my bag. Ridiculous! \nThen I had to wait for the security to come so they can take a report. The lady came after another 30 minutes, and I told them I need them to come sooner bcuz I was late. They didn't care. They said should I send them tomorrow? Tomorrow?! To take pictures of the accident, and have wet stinky alcohol soaked bags and clothes over night in my room? Unbelievable. The security lady came up eventually, nice lady. Very professional, took pictures and statements. Told me to call the bellman to pick up the laundry and get it cleaned. She left telling me to enjoy my day. Didn't leave me any copies of the report or anything was the weird part and till today, I still haven't heard anything back from them. Oh, and they were going to do a follow up. Some good that was, I never saw anyone after that. \nI finally get ready and go downstairs, late for my birthday dinner that I came to Vegas for. I stopped by the front desk and asked to see who's in charge and that I wanted to file a grievance. A young Asian guy came and said he is the supervisor. Now he was a supervisor, very professional. I told him about what happened and the conversation that I had with the supervisor of the bellman. How disrespectful and unprofessional he was. Then who was walking behind him listening. The incompetent supervisor of the bellman himself. And I told him and showed him a picture of the brand new bottle with the seal still attached that happen to open and is my fault. He apologized and I told him how I thought of him. He's sorry now because I was right and he was wrong. Why would you be unprofessional to your guest, who lets you keep your job?\nLike I said the Asian supervisor at the front desk was very professional and  I really appreciated that, that's why I added a star. It's sad that, everyone does not listen to the customer and quick to blame the customer for their mistakes. I hope the security calls me soon so I can hear what they are going to do, I still have electronics that was doused in alcohol that I am scared to turn on. \nThe rest of my stay. I tried to have fun and  be a good sport. Even tho my room remakes of alcohol, like an alley. Tried not to let that ruin my weekend that I drove all this way for. They should of switched rooms immediately knowing that a soaked bag of alcohol, after its removed soaked into the carpet and everything it touched. Maybe I was supposed to complain about that also? Now I know mirage. \nIf you stay there, watch your stuff. Make sure they know what you have  inside your bag! Like that makes any difference lol. I laugh now, but I was so mad and disappointed from their unprofessionalism.