I'm giving 1 star based only on customer service (4 stars),  price (-2 stars) and technician\/product knowledge (-1 star). I did not end up going with their service. I am on the border of two stars. \n\nMy initial service request was for a quote to make my home wireless. I have a 2 zone damper system, one zone for upstairs, one for downstairs. This is essential when you have a one unit system, in my opinion. \n\nHowever, because of where the thermostats were placed, the bedrooms were either freezing or burning up. I wanted to change to the Honeywell red link system so I could put their \"remote thermostats\" wherever I wanted them, based on what room I was in. \n\nThe technician did know what I was talking about, apparently he had it in his home as well. Great!!! \n\nWe went into the attic, I showed him the zone board (what controls where air goes) that we currently had, and we looked at the thermostats. This is where I began to question the knowledge. He started disconnecting wires from the thermostat, saying I didn't need them. At first look with the untrained eye, I could understand. It seems as if it were wired for both heat pump and conventional system. But my system needed all these wires. I even pulled up the online installation manual and proved it to him. I did find out later that he didn't replace those wires, because my system wasn't working after he left. \n\nAfter his inspection, he told me he needed to go to the van and call up the quote. He said it would be about 15 minutes. I had landscaping to do, so no problem. (We had just bought this house, lots to do) However long it took, he came back and presented me a quote of $5300. I wasn't sure on pricing, this was my only quote so far, but it seemed high. \n\nI told him I'd think about it and get other quotes, but I liked the family concept that Goettl was pushing, so likely would go with them if quotes were close. \n\nAfter he left, I called Honeywell and did research on what equipment I would need. I found out that I wouldn't need new dampers, which the technician said I would. He told me they were incompatible with the Honeywell system. WRONG. Not sure if that was on him or someone else being lazy, but not how I wanted to start things. \n\nThere were a couple other technical inconsistencies, but moving on to price. Ordering online, I found everything I would need for around $800 shipped. Assuming a parts markup of 62.5%, or $500, labor would be $4,000. I ended up doing the install myself. Everything works great and I had zero knowledge of HVAC before beginning. I didn't even know what the unit outside of my house was called. It took me less than 4 hours to do everything, including the wireless setup. I'm in the wrong business if I can get paid $1,000\/hr to install HVAC that needs no training or precious skills. \n\nI did get the flashlights, which have been very useful around the house and in the attic when I was doing the job myself. Again, customer service was very good. The technician even wore booties in the house, which I thought was nice. He also tightened one of my thermostats while he was there. I hadn't gotten around to it yet.\n\nAll in all, I was either being taken advantage of, or someone was clearly not knowing their job. I will never go with Goettl for any of my HVAC needs. Do your research!!!