I wish I could give no stars for this shitty place!!!! Let's me first start this review off by saying the employees who are working the front part of the office will never help you. They give the poorest attitude, and have the fakest smiles and little effort to service their residents. Don't even bother calling and talking with the front office just email the manager Desiree mueller directly, I also make it clear that I do not want to speak to the front office staff. \n\nNow during the 7 months I have lived here I have realized if you like living with scorpions, cockroaches, gnats, and dog shit everywhere then go ahead and move in. \n I don't understand  why the south complex have doggie bags containers and the north side has none. People on north side don't pick up their dogs crap and maintenance will simply push it to the side. \n\nThe office tends to take matters to extremes, an incident that happened and I quote Cathryn \"residents were discarding personal affects, such as toiletries for their animals.\" My thought is um where do you expect them to toss their fecal matter? she then said that \"residents are to dispose of personal affects in the dumpster.\" which is inconveniently located far away from any grass. So it's confusing why the office would then decide to flip the stone trash can over on the grass right in front of my balcony. I called to complain and I was told by Cathryn that it would be handled in a timely manner. Such as 3 weeks long. After they removed it there was a HUGE brown spot. \n\nAlso I was never aware of the fact that when your AC isn't working I called to let the office know. A few days later I come home from work to find a crew halfway in my ceiling, ladders, my cats are scared beyond belief. I had to ask where they were because I couldn't find one. Also the door was left open. I asked them why they were here and their reply was \"oh the office didn't tell you we are here to replace some lines\" no one told me anything so that caught me by surprise. They also had to come back a couple days later because they didn't do it right. \n\nJust save your money. I wish I would have.