As a Floridian visiting Montreal for a long weekend, I was looking for something to warm me up on cold night. I suppose sitting by the hotel's fireplace would have worked quite nicely, but I prefer to be warmed from the inside out, and beer is the only fuel to my fire. While conducting some pre-trip research, inevitably knowing that beer would at some point be part of the plan, I listed Brasserie Dieu Du Ciel as a place to check out. And check out I did. \n\nMy friend and I designed a pub crawl for our night's activity and Brasserie Dieu Du Ciel was positioned as our first bar on the list. We hopped on the Metro and luckily this spot is not too far away from the metro stop, although we did have to walk through some neighborhoods and it was not all main streets which can really throw off two girls who don't speak a lick of French. We did finally make it though, but the place was packed to capacity at around 9:30 on this cold Friday night. My friend and I wanted to eat too and Brasserie Dieu Du Ciel just didn't seem to be the right place to start off, so we went elsewhere before returning around 10:30 where the small bar had filled up even more! \n\nNow, I am from America where we have pretty strict fire codes and regulations and shit, obviously I don't know the rules in good ol' Canada, but if there were to be some kind of emergency in this place, the world would probably be out about 200 Canadian hipsters, for that place was way over its limit. People were shoved in corners and it was standing room only by the time we got there. The service didn't really suffer for it however. \n\nI saw only one waitress working the place in addition to the bar tenders, but she managed really well and seemed to be right on her game. Not being able to read the menu which was posted in french on black boards, the waitress took the time to explain some beers to us and even brought out 2 samples for us to try. The beer menu itself was alright, nothing that blew me away. \n\nWe both settled on a hibiscus infused pale ale which was pink in color and delightful to the palate and not to forget huge. That was one whopping glass of beer, and for 6$ at that! My friend and I also ordered the nachos. I guess by most standards they were pretty good. By gluttonous American standards, where 10$ back home would get me a damn mountain full of gooey ooey nachos covered in all the good stuff; these nachos were just fair, lacking mostly in the amount of cheese, where a sizable portion of the chips were dry.  \n\nFree wifi! woohoo! as was exhibited by the creeper at the bar stools playing on his computer and occupying a much desired seat. Fair prices and accommodating to non-french speakers. Loud and upbeat, I could tell this place is definitely a scene and the place to be when you want a chill night.