Las Vegas can get so hot most months of the year that you could expect there to be a plethora of frosty dessert options in the city.  For the most part, we do, but the variety of options has been pretty traditional (and some of it very excellent - think Snow Ono).\n\nThanks to a newish invention out of Taiwan, the Snow Ice (aka: Shaved Snow, Fluff Ice, Snow Cream, Cotton Snow), which has since spread to Hawaii and the other Western States, and now we too finally have our very own authentic snow ice shop in Las Vegas. It is all thanks to Frost Bites Shavery's co-owners Will and Mike (that brought their business from Texas to the Silver State).  Even if it is located all the way out in the boonies for all that lives in the other corners of Las Vegas.  Seriously, following the direction on my GPS, I found myself eventually driving down a road that could easily be mistaken for a typical street in Gilroy or Union City, CA (circa 1987).  It was as if I am not even in Las Vegas any more.\n\nAnyway, back to this Snow Ice dessert place that operates out of a stationary (at the moment) trailer in a parking lot right off of Boulder Highway called Frost Bites Shavery (not to be mistaken for, I know I have, Frost Bite Shaved Ice).  It is not the first to attempt to serve this snow ice dessert in Las Vegas, but it is the most authentic attempt at recreating the same fluffy shaved snow that is very well known in Taiwan and Asia.\n\nAfter a recent trip to SoCal (Class 302 - the one that actually brought the Snow Ice movement to the US, and Tea Spot - a typical boba tea hangout) and also some comparison tasting of other LV based businesses (which I will not name) that have Snow Ice on their menu, I can say with absolute conviction that Frost Bites Shavery serves up the very best Snow Ice of all the places I visited.\n\nThey are the best because:\n1) True passion - The people that are making the snow ice dessert are the same guys that invested months to research and perfect it, not some hourly employee that may or may not even know the correct\/best practice method of making and serving it.\n\n2) The ingredients used are fresh, not some pre-made mix or formula utilizing artificial flavorings.  So it tastes better (although my brother was very satisfied with the artificial flavoring used to make the taro flavored snow ice at one of the SoCal spots during my taste testing journey).\n\n3) The texture of the dessert is spot on. It has the fluffy, airy, cotton candy melt in your mouth attributes that are found in authentic snow ice desserts. But just like real snow takes awhile to melt compared to ice, this dessert will not turn into a puddle as quickly as the other shaved ice desserts.\n\n4) Compared to even the original from Taiwan, I personally think it is at least on par if not superior to the original because of #2 (fresh ingredients). But no way anyone in the US can compete with fresh ripe and super sweet mango found in Asia, unless you are willing to spend the $$ to next day air freight it over.\n\n5) The choice of flavors (currently 8) is more numerous than the competition.  (Caution: There is not a direct correlation between the number of flavors offered and the business' approval rating)\nGreen Tea - The best Green Tea flavor shaved snow I have tried of all the places I visited.\nMango - Good, and pairs well with Coconut.\nCoconut - Nice flavor, but personally I would love it even more if the coconuts were toasted before infusing.\nBlack Sesame - Very good, totally great on its own.\nChocolate - reminds me of chocolate Fudgesicles I had when I was in elementary school.  Made with Ghirardelli chocolate.\nVanilla - Made with real vanilla, not imitation flavoring.\n\n6) FBS's dessert is good enough on its own without the toppings or sauces. It is perfect for the snow ice purist.\n\n7) The option of selecting from 4 serving sizes that best suits your individual or party's needs is greatly appreciated. The competition offers just one or two sizes, most are too large for a small child to finish on his\/her own.\n\n8) Ability to customize your order (base flavors, toppings), which surprisingly is not always an option at the competition.\n\n9) Price\/Value Ratio is better for your wallet.\n\n10) Awesome friendly service. \n\nSo if the fluffy shaved snow is the dessert you are looking for, look no further (although you will likely still have to drive a fair distance to get it in the near future).  If you are looking for the traditional shaved ice, well, this is not it. However, after you give it a try, you might find that you enjoy it just as much if not more.\n\nFinal thoughts:  Good marketing and publicity will help make a good product commercially successful sooner. But the opposite is true as well, as nothing will help doom a business or product faster than the same good marketing and publicity.  Just sayin' not hatin'.\n\nWho is gonna host the next UYE at FBS?  Should carpool too.