They've got Sweet Kicks and kickin' sweets at this little corner shop right next to the hot pot restaurant. It's like a boba tea shop and an LA streetwear store had a love child and stashed it away in AZ to hide it from the paparazzi. I dig the vibe. I don't know much about sneakers but the selection they had on the wall looked intriguing, and I'm assuming very expensive since a lot of the shoes were shrink wrapped to preserve their new condition. They offer brands like Supreme, Anti Social Social Club clothing wise, as well as cell phone covers, keychains, bumper stickers, and they even had a cute Comme des Garcons\/Supreme doggie shirt for sale. I love how the shop is dog friendly, with a Supreme water bowl near the front for your four-legged hype beast to quench his\/her thirst with.\n\nPrices for the shirts, sweaters, and hoodies ranged from $75-400 on the rack. While the shirts cost a premium due to the brand names, the bubble tea is actually quite reasonable. They had a nice selection of fruity, caffeinated, and more traditional milk teas. You can customize your sweetness level and ice level like at other shops. I tried the oolong milk tea with grass jelly and strawberry acai with yogurt popping boba, 25% sweetness. I also had a sip of the blended taro drink at full sweetness. \n\nThe oolong milk tea had a lighter sweetness than other shops that offer 25% sweetness. I liked the oolong flavor in the drink. The grass jelly floated on top though which made it hard to suck up through the straw. The strawberry acai is a caffeinated drink and the 25% sugar level was just right for me and there was a plentiful amount of popping boba in it. It tasted lightly carbonated with a few strawberry pieces on top and was very refreshing. The taro drink tasted like your average taro drink made from powder. \n\nAnother nice aspect of this shop is that you can request almond or soy milk for your drink.\n\nIn addition to drinks they have a case of tempting macarons and little cakes for sale.\n\nThe shop is open late which is also a plus. I'll be back to try more off the menu!