The food is alright. It's culinary drop-out so admittedly what is served there isn't going to be a complete disappointment, but don't expect to get anything organic or grass-fed. \n\nThey have a decent brown bag special with beers and the salads are alright. Little Cleo's can be pretty good too and I don't really consider that restaurant at the same level as CDO or part of this review. It's mostly just GMO products served by vapid, pretty \"hipsters.\" I should be completely fair because some of the employees are really good, decent people who just need to pay the bills, but on the most part employees seem to be Hollister and urban o' wearing zombies. Sometimes they care about the job, you'll get a really awesome server, and other times you get a kid who cares more about gossiping with their coworkers than actually work. \n\nAs another fox concept restaurant, they basically exploit a trendy lifestyle without actually holding up to any of the values of the lifestyle they replicate. They don't recycle, and trust me, these restaurants produce so much waste. And as much as the yard does have plenty of bike racks, they could care less about being green, its all a facade, which irks me. You're also forced to vallet to play games and drink beer unless you find parking across the street. I think its due to the neighborhood complaining about people parking on their street, so if thats truly the case, then I guess so be it. In other cities it isn't so unusual, but still its flippin' Phoenix. \n\nWhy can't such a conglomeration, who is immensely profitable, be a good guy for once and actually do something right for the environment. Maybe discount customers who ride their bicycles if you can't recycle. Which, again why don't they recycle? Or any of the chain restaurants in Phoenix? When I see all of these tiny, local restaurants take the initiative despite their lack of resources be mindful about their products and their waste, it's upsetting to see such a huge place, with so many resources, just continue to add to the problem instead of trying to solve it.\n\nThe only reason I give 2 stars is because it's a great concept and there are some outstanding people who work there, but thats all. When you get down to the it, all this restaurant wants is to be the most profitable, they could care less about the local community.