Let me put it this way: I live in a different state. I'm currently traveling for ten days. And the only two pairs of pants I packed are both Lawless. \n\nI come to Phoenix once or twice a year for work. And when I'm in Phoenix working, there are only two places that I absolutely must hit: the office (because I have to), and Lawless (because I want to).  (Make that 3 places, along with Gadzooks Enchiladas... omg.) But Lawless is always an absolute MUST.\n\nI've had nothing but great service from them. The owner, Roman, is friendly and remembers me. Everyone that has assisted me or measured me has been knowledgeable and helpful. The selection of materials and customizable options is extensive. They're a bit more expensive than your standard off-the-rack pants, but what do you expect given high-quality material and custom-made-to-order? The price is still VERY reasonable. If you are going to be comparing the price of locally custom made clothing to something mass-produced and sold at a huge chain, you're missing the point.\n\nThe only \"less than perfect\" thing from them was that my custom order took a few weeks longer than originally estimated. If that was the biggest \"problem\", then I'd say they're doing pretty well. It's really tough to pull off the balancing act that is being a single shop witih full custom work, crossed with demand, crossed with staffing, crossed with materials and costs. They proactively communicated the delay to me, and the finished product, when I got it, was all worth it.\n\nI've read some of the other reviews here, and, well, I've never had that experience. I see them working hard every time I've been there. The manager, Jim, was very helpful when I was in there yesterday placing my next order. It sounds to me that, at worst, Lawless may have been experiencing the proverbial growing pains-- again, it's really tough for a single shop to balance all those variables. If they got overwhelmed, that speaks to the fact that they offer great quality at a reasonable price. It sounds like they've reined things in and have been catching up. I just ordered three new pairs.\n\nA heads up if you are going there: they're in a new location, near US Airways Center. (So the reviewer who said they \"pulled a midnight move-out\" probably went to the old location.) The new location is less conspicuous, but it allows for a bigger manufacturing area so they can keep focusing on production. The new location isn't nearly as conspicuous, so the best thing to do is call them and tell them you want to come. It's in an industrial corner so they can direct you how to get there and enter.\n\nI absolutely love my Lawless and can't wait for jeans #4, 5, and 6 to arrive!