This place really was a joke. If theres anything that will make me rate only one star to any place? Yep thats right folks, bad service! I came here on of the weeks during March when the weather was really nice out. I was craving for some sangria on a terrase at old montreal, so after walking around the whole evening we got to this place at around 9ish after sunset. This was only one of the two places that were open with chairs and tables out on the road. They werent really prepared but took advantage of the weather. \nI guess they just took out the seating from the restaurant and put it outside.\nBad Idea, as the staff was really really uncoordinated.\n\nWhen we were waiting for some host or anyone of the staff to come seat us, a guy (most likely the manager) told us that they were full, and that we can seat anywhere when a table is free. Okay, so after waiting for a while a couple was leaving and we sat there right away. \n\nWaiting... the table wasn't cleaned and I didnt even recieve water, let alone the menu for 25 minutes. As my eyes just kept looking at the clock over on the building opposite to us, finally a server came and asked, have you been served? WOW. \nAfter telling her no we ordered for our red sangria right away along with some fries for starters. When she came back after another long while with the sangria I was just speechless. Okay I understand your facing an \"unhoped\" for rush and are confused on the tables, but the least you can do is to make up with your food and drinks. My Red sangria was filled with bucket loads of ice, lots of lime juice and whatever wine you could taste was only little of cheap house wine. The fries ... meh average, at that point I didnt even care as I was starving and didnt bother asking for a change as no one came to pass by for a look. Next time the server came, I told her if I can get one of their chicken paninis, which came with a soup or fries on the side. That arrived promptly, but the utensils? Another 10 minutes.. Honestly at this point my sangria was tasting like watery lime juice and the more I had of this service the more furious I became. After finishing up quickly it took us another 20 minutes to get the cheque and walk the heck out of this place. I will never ever bother coming back to this place. \nThe food was not at all impressive, the drink *\/\/censored\/\/* the price waaaaaaaayyy overpriced for the deal and The service...   Seriously?