\"Vladimir? Estragon? Party of two?\" \n\nIt's official. I achieved a new personal milestone for futility and existential pointlessness. I waited 3 whole hours for a grilled-cheese sandwich. \n\nOf course, I knew going in that it was gonna be a long wait. I was expecting 1.5 hours....maybe 2 hours...but when the little twerp behind the host counter announced that my wait would be 3 hours....I flinched at little. I began to question my personal values. Am I really this much of a culture whore? Am I really willing to forsake my dignity, to kneel prostrate at the Altar of Coolness, and stand around for 3 hours waiting to be served a sandwich that can be successfully constructed by any 4-year-old with access to Wonder bread, Kraft singles, and a hot iron? What the hell is wrong with me? \n\nBut here's the thing....it was laid out there like a challenge....a dare. I could tell that this cooler-than-thou host expected me to walk away in disgust, but I was not about to lose a battle of wills to these inked-up Lakewood punks. I was gonna stand around for as long as it took. I would climb over the skeletons of other long-since deceased would-be diners if necessary. I was gonna get my effin' sandwich. \n\nAs it turns out, the 3 hours (every minute of it, just as promised) went by quickly as I stood around with some beers, catching up with old friends. Was it worth the wait? Yes....but only once. \n\nThe sandwiches were very good. The hype is justified. They have elevated the grilled-cheese as high as the art form will allow, while still remaining true to the spirit of grilled cheese. I ordered the Parma Purple, with eggplant and tomatoes...not the most adventuresome option from their menu, but I wanted to see what they did with those simple ingredients and because it's similar to something I often make at home. I was impressed. The bread is perfection. Perhaps the best food I had all night was the soup, though. It was hardy and flavorful...it was a nice way to celebrate victory after finally getting a table. \n\nThey need to work on the fries, though. Our fries were overcooked and otherwise unremarkable. \n\nThere are a lot of interesting sandwich choices that would require repeat visits to properly survey, but unfortunately, until Melt figures out how to seat patrons faster than it takes to drive to Buffalo, I can't see myself making it back very often.