Believe it or not, there are some people who live in Vegas that think anything under 80 degrees is freezing. Wink wink! But if there's one thing that's going to get them outside to brave the harshest of frozen desert temperatures in the winter, especially if they're the Yelping type, it's ice cream. \n\nI don't know much about the history of Handel's, just mainly that they're from Ohio and people all across the country love them. This new location, while possibly different from others I've heard about, is completely walk up service only. It's located in a shopping center on the NE corner of Tropicana & Hualapai. And even with a space size that puts pretty much every ice cream shop in town to shame, there is absolutely no where safe from the elements that is customer accessible. Well, besides their own vehicles of course. With 5+ walk up windows preparing to operate during all business hours, there shouldn't be any problem getting you served up pretty quickly though.\n\nOn the menu, you're going to find probably way more options then you'll know what do with. There's hurricanes, sundaes, parfaits, ice cream sandwiches, shakes...the list goes on! And if you just want a good ole fashioned scoop or two, there's about 40 or so different choices between the regular ice cream flavors, sherbets and the monthly special. I'm all for having options, but to be honest, there's almost too much here. It could be just be my indecisiveness kicking in, but it was a bit overwhelming. I will say this though. The 4 scoop sampler is one of the coolest things they offer, and I'd imagine it's got to be pretty popular. It's exactly what I ended up going with, and is a steal at only $4.25.\n\nIt took a while but we ended up going with Banana Cream Pie, Buckeye, Chocolate Peanut Butter Brownie and Spouse Like A House (vanilla ice cream with peanut butter ripple and chocolate covered peanut butter pretzels swirled in). Each flavor was spot on with what they described and I'd have a hard time picking out a favorite of the four. The banana had a nice, smooth whipped cream type texture and big chunks of banana. The Buckeye had plenty of whole candies in it, which are basically like a big Rolo, but with peanut butter inside. And both the Chocolate Peanut Butter Brownie and Spouse Like A House had plenty of peanut butter flavor without having that terrible frozen peanut butter texture. All were a tad on the sweet side, but very creamy and delicious. The only thing I didn't like is that they all started to melt pretty quick, even in the January winter weather. I imagine during the summer, it'll be tough to finish before you have sugar soup.\n\nFor being all window ordering, the service is very friendly. Each employee we talked to was very friendly and seemed to be quite knowledgeable about the products. With our visit being on the first day open, I think that's pretty impressive. Adding that to good quality products at great prices, I'll definitely be returning to Handel's!