Hmm what to say about station brake, nothing too great about this place. The inside of the restaurant has a kind of old feel to it, like motels who update their lobby carpet but leave the guest floors looking like they are in the 70's. that's the vibe i got from this place. Once again i was grouponing and figured for the deal they were giving this place would be decent. \n\nWhen you first walk in, there is a bar to you left with seating all around it but the place was absolutely deserted as far as i could tell. Straight ahead was additional seating inside the restaurant where there was no natural light nor were any lights turned on. That left us to sit to the right where they had an wall window allowing outdoor light to shine in and brighten the place. the view wasn't appetizing though considering there was a dollar general across the street, not to mention the window was foggy with water and overgrown bushes blocking the view of the street. Next door was a small mini mart with kids running in and out. \n\nThe waitress was very kind and attentive. She made suggestions about the various items listed on their menu and they did have several selections of pastas, fish, meats and salad. I ordered a fettuccine Alfredo that came with a soup or side salad; i chose soup. My hubby order some kind of fish with red pepper spices and a salad. After sampling our soup and salad neither of us were impressed and actually switched dishes. I very much enjoyed the salad because the ranch dressing was decent and likewise he preferred the soup. Once our dishes arrived they were hot and appeared delicious. My Alfredo was just OK, it lacked that powerful cheesy flavor but was very creamy enough for dipping my dinner roll in afterwards. I didn't try the fish but he said it tasted good so i just took his word for it. The portions of food they offered were large so the price did fit the portions. I was able to take home leftovers for my family.\n\nMaybe with a little updated scenery inside this place and well groomed hedges this place could have a promising future. Considering its in a mid-low class environment with not not much to look at, I'm not to sure how well their business will do. Good luck Station Brake!!