My coworkers & I came here for a work meeting\/dinner while in town, and what a good choice with nice décor and setting. We had reservations but we got there early and hung out at the bar to have a few drinks before dinner.  Be sure to let the host\/hostess know you are here as they may be able to bump your reservation earlier. Bartender and staff were super attentive with providing you a drink menu and if you have any questions. Staff is very good at recommendations and if you don't know what drink you want, they will make something for you. \n\nAs our reservation time was near, we were able to sit at our table early for dinner. One of our work colleagues is quite knowledgeable about wines so he ordered the wine for us. According to him, they do have a nice selection of wines and our French waiter was super helpful in suggestions as well. I think they may have a sommelier on staff too (guy in suit) that also helped make recommendations for us. We ended up ordering 3 bottles of wine for the entire dinner.  *buzzzzzz*\n\nBread is provided before dinner and as we selected our appetizers and entrees. We got the Grand Plateau seafood tower that had lobster, oysters, shrimps, clams, mussels and crabs. It tasted wonderful & fresh. Wonderful house dipping sauce, cocktail and mignonette comes with it as well. We couldn't get enough as we fought over who would get the last few remaining items on the tower. \n\nAs for our mains, majority of the group got the popular Steak Frites entrée but I decided to try their Daurade (like sea bass) special they were offering that night. Comes with a ratatouille on the bottom. Fish was cooked very well with the crispy salty skin. 2 good sized fillets were given so it was plenty for dinner. \n\nI was pretty stuffed so I only had a few bites of the desserts they ordered that included crème brulee, this tasty crepe dessert and some French fruit tart. All was very good and perfect way to end the dinner.  \n\nService was fabulous, they know every little detail, super attentive but not overbearing, they pretty much notice everything when you are eating. All were very friendly and super helpful and made our dinner that much better. We were there for almost 4 hours and didn't even realize time flew by because we were enjoying everything about this dinner. Definitely a place I would recommend if you want more of a fancy kind of dinner with wine, cheeses, nice French entrees and all of that.