i go here mostly for lack of better choices. LA Fitness pretty much corners the market here for affordable gyms. But that's about it. When you walk in, the staff is usually texting or taking calls on their cell phones, and look annoyed that they have to work for a second and scan you in.\n\nWhat i WILL give this gym is that the workout floor is fairly maintained and pretty nicely stocked. They DO need straight barbells without the hand crooks in them, as well as more weight variety of medicine balls and more general hand\/arm components for the tower weight machines. \n\nbut THEN venture into the mens' locker room and you have a diff'rent story. and the story is titled \"DISGUSTING\". Paper towels wadded on the floor, shit-speckles and urine spots on the floors of the bathroom (gross but true), bandaids and beard shavings stuck to the walls of the showers (sometimes they stay there for several days, which means the place is NOT  cleaned daily - or even hourly), hair-wads, toilet paper piles, forgotten undies....this is starting to sound like a Shel Silverstein poem...but it's not.\n\nSo, yeah - the above list is due to people being sloppy, inconsiderate pigs who think the locker room is soley theirs. But unfortunately that means that keeping it extra clean falls on the gym staff, and they do not do it. Oh - and also: there's a no phone policy in the locker room (for privacy) yet most of the male staff can be found chatting away on their phones while strolling through the locker room. Pretty shitty if you ask me. Maybe if they dropped their phones and picked up a f***ing paper towel or scrub brush the place would be more sanitary and smell better and look better and people wouldn't have to worry about getting an STD just from sitting in the whirlpool.\n\nThis place has some serious cleanliness issues, and i don't think they're gonna solve 'em anytime soon.\n\nThe clientele? Meh. this is the first gym where i've had to ask to 'rotate in' on a mirror. Lots of gay meat-heads whose narcissism is unsurpassed, apollo's strippers pumping up for their big gigs on friday nights, some cougars, the 9 to 5 crowd staying fit, jocks, yoga chicks, basketball players,  a gaggle of gay trolls who actually never work out but instead prowl the sauna and locker room hoping to score - or worse - try to sneak peeks into your shower cubicle, and one dangerously emaciated blonde woman who should be given a mandatory time out by the management because she is clearly anorexic and is a walking skeleton.