When my friend found out I was in Vegas, she messaged me, saying I just HAD to try out a dessert place she saw on her friend's Instagram. Looking it up, I saw that it was in the same building where we were having dinner that night, making it an easy stop.\n\nThere was a short wait to get a seat at the bar (the only seating available). The line wrapped around the glass wall filled with wine bottles. I wanted to break it and drink all the sweet varieties inside. \n\nOnce seated, we couldn't decide what to get. I wanted to try all the different desserts, but we were full from dinner. \n\nThe Ichigo was my first choice, because it was so pretty, but I was set on getting Mars, because it had a dome that melted. I was hoping my friend would want to try the Ichigo, but she opted for Mount Fuji instead.\n\nOur desserts took FOREVER to come out. It felt like at least an hour and I'm sure that it was close to it. They brought out the mini tiramisus first, and neither of us liked them. I love tiramisu, so that was a letdown.\n\nAs for drinks, my friend got a wine sampler. It came with cheese that she didn't eat. I got a plum wine and sake drink that was utterly fabulous. I could have had those all night.\n\nMy dessert came out first. It was set down on the bar, and then a long-handled container of alcohol was heated until it caught on fire. It was then poured over the dome, which melted, exposing other goodies inside. I wanted to wait for my friend to get her dessert, so by the time I ate mine, it was cold and congealed. \n\nMy friend didn't even like her Mount Fuji and only took a few bites. My dessert wasn't the best either. I mostly ate it because it was dessert and I like sugar. It wasn't cohesive at all. Every bite was different, but they didn't work well together. One was sweet, one was fruit, one was really alcoholic. I wish that there was a marriage of some sort between the flavors, but this was missing. \n\nThe place is cute, the desserts are beautiful (even if not very tasty), and the presentations are worth the trip. Just don't have high expectations for the flavors and you'll be good. Oh, and get the plum wine sake.