To preface, I really wanted to eat at Lulu's for breakfast, but it was already so late in the morning that we didn't feel like driving so far north, so we ended up here. Maybe it was the expectations of delicious, delicious Lulu's that this place really paled in comparison to. \n\nThey occupy the previous Pasta Fresh place, which I think was also riddled with the same problems as this business. Set-up is very simple and they have a wall with one larger TV showing kids shows, and two smaller TVs on another wall showing sports. We received our menus, which as other reviewers have mentioned, were a bit all over the place. The font and coloring doesn't make it an easy read. Server #1 gave us the low down on the menu and recommended the juices. We still weren't ready to order, so he gave us some time. Server #2 took our order as we ordered the green juice, the Southern Benedict with hash browns and the Chicken Fried Steak with red potatoes. Server #3 delivered our food, and I pointed out to her that the Southern Benedict came with red potatoes, as opposed to the hash browns my husband ordered. She said no problem, called to the kitchen to give us a side of hash browns, and we never heard from her or saw those hash browns again. I think this may be a problem with their multi-server system. Although its nice to flag anyone down, it lacks accountability and follow-up and puts the onus on the customer to update you when something is and is still not right. \n\nThe green juice we ordered was very refreshing and tasty. They only had \"market price\" on the menu, which was a bit weird to me. It came out to $8, but I think they should either be proactive with pricing or have set prices. Even well-established juice places in the area are able to price out their juices consistently or at least advertise pricing. I do wonder though if its just a bit of kale in there and a whole lot of pineapple juice. It was really, really sweet, that's what made it so good. They aren't obligated to put ingredients in order of content like other juice places, so if you're looking for a healthier drink, maybe ask to clarify how much \"green\" actually goes into it. \n\nThe meals we got were not very good. I love salty things, to the point where I could just snack on coarse sea salt all day, but their red seasoned potatoes were overly salted, even for me. I had to take a big gulp of water every time I had a bite and I didn't even both using ketchup (which is weird for me, I put ketchup on everything). I depleted my water fast, and no one came to refill our waters. The chicken fried steak did not have that crispy crust I'm accustomed to at other breakfast places, but the over-easy eggs were made well and added much needed flavor to the gravy. It also came with toast, I opted for cinnamon raisin bread. The bread came out pre-buttered, but was done very sparsely. The bread was also very dry and hard, and at the end of the meal, I just had a pile of crumbled tough pieces. Seriously, they messed up toast. Maybe we should have ordered a more \"sweet\" breakfast, since that's what everyone else seems to be raving about. I would rather eat at a place where I could get quality savory dishes as well though. Paying was a bit awkward and unclear. We didn't know if we needed to go up to the front since no one told us or handed us our check (and this is after we already got our to go box). We finally flagged someone down who said they could give us our check, but we still would have to pay up front. Server #3 was handling the register, but since we didn't have any check to give her, she was confused at what table we came from (makes sense, since she forgot our hash browns), so she had to ask server #2 our table # and if our order was right. \n\nJust like Pasta Fresh, they clearly have a lot of fans who love their food and I hope they do well, but for me, breakfast ended up being $40.. and I'd rather spend that money on better service and food somewhere else.