This is my second favorite restaurant in Montreal, ranked only below it's sister restaurant, Liverpool House. Before I get into my review, first, a confession. I came here, too, because of Anthony Bordain. I am not proud of it, I wish I was a cool-kid Montreal-er, but alas I am merely a uni-lingual American.  In fact, my boyfriend and I designed a whole vacation around getting a reservation at Joe Beef. \n\nThe atmosphere: Joe Beef is simultaneously sexy and casual. It has dark mood lighting, but hockey memorabilia decor. They play Neil Young and French singers I do not recognize. Your plates and glasses are mismatched, and appear to come from a cool thrift store. The bar is boisterous-  ladies cackling, men singing, loud debates amounting, etc. ( an example from our dinner: whether Americans are bigger prudes than Canadians). The staff are irreverent and knowledgeable. Almost all of them seem to have a gleam of mischievous in their eyes. \n\nThe Food: I ordered some sort of lamb sausage plate, the cocktail of the day (x3), and PEI oysters. My other half ordered the pheasant and wine. We were both very happy. If I had to describe the food, I'd say it was decedent,and intense. My lamb dish was so huge, it presented like a dare. It wasn't prepared like your usual lamb, in that it was not Mediterranean inspired. It actually reminded me a lot of the food I ate in Prague - made to keep you full and warm. It had a dark aroma - of spices I did not recognize but enjoyed. The Oysters were meaty and briny, and served with a very spicy homemade hot sauce. \n\nThe star of our night was desert, Marjolaine (a painstaking, many-layered chocolate and hazelnut cake). It was the best desert I've ever had in my life. For those Anthony Bordain fans morjolaine was featured in the No Reservations, Quebec episode. There is also a recipe for it in Joe Beef's cookbook. \n\nAnyways, making a pilgrimage to Joe Beef should definitely be on any foodie's vacation itinerary. The food, atmosphere, and service were wonderful. I felt right at home in my comfy booth, tearing through animal parts and slogging beer.