This place is pretty cool! Its inside Bass Pro Shop, which you think at first is kind of weird and would be really small, NO not at all! Bass Pro shop is huge and this restaurant is also. When you first walk in you can see a large fish tank that separates the front room dinning area and bar from the back dinning room. Once you get around the bar and the beautifully large fish tank, the restaurant opens up into a large dinning area. The celling is very high and the space in there is just so opening and welcoming. The decorations with the fish on the walls, the tables, the large fireplace in the middle of the dinning area, the paint, the fish tank..... it all works perfectly together to create an outdoor ambiance, with a lot of class and openness! I really loved the way they have this restaurant set up, its beautiful!\n\nOk onto the food! We received an order of I believe sugar glazed bread when we ordered our drinks! Oh my goodness this bread is delicious. The sugar on the top gives the bread a little extra mmmmmm. It might just be me because I cant eat a lot of bread due to my gluten intolerance, but I had to have at least 1 piece! They have a great spread of different kinds of meals, from chicken, to sea food, to steaks to alligator! YES I said alligator! I have never had alligator before, so of course it was one of the appetizers I ordered just to give it a whirl! The best way to describe the breaded alligator, is that it has a shrimp texture, with a chicken tenderness to it. So its a mix of shrimp and chicken. It doesn't have a weird taste or bite to it at all. The sauce that was served with the alligator actually really played with the flavor well! It created a nice little extra bite to the gator to give it more flavor. For my main dish I had the shrimp pasta. The alfredo sauce was different, and really blended with the shrimp well. It was nice to have a dish with large pieces of shrimp to eat and not little bite sized shrimp. My friend ordered the cajun chicken pasta. This dish was served with the same alfredo sauce as mine but with the cajun taste instead of shrimp. I have to say his chicken was spiced deliciously and I enjoyed his plate much more than mine. The combination of the cajun spices along with the alfredo sauce made a great dish!\n\nThe staff here was incredibly friendly, our waitress was very knowledgeable and helpful when we asked about he alligator dish, the manager came and checked on our dishes as we were eating and everyone wished us a nice goodbye as we left! I like going to places like this, being surrounded by friendly people who enjoy their job and having a great meal, its just a great way to start off a good Sunday funday!