I'm a guy.  Most of my mall experiences if I'm not just trying to kill time is knowing what I want, parking near the closest entrance, going in, making my purchase and leaving.\n\nFor a guy like me this mall surprisingly was able to meet all the above criteria (sort of) but it's still something different... a je ne sais quoi.  A value type mall?  It's not Yorkdale so there's no Tiffany or Louis V here.  Seating?  Hardly because you're supposed to be shopping, not sitting and loitering.  Oh wait there's seating in the food court for sure.  \n\nI've been to this mall only a small handful of times in my entire life and I pass by it at least twice a month if not more often on my way to visit my in-laws in the city of Vaughan.  The parking lot here on any given weekend looks like Yorkdale or Disney World or O'Hare or some other place you may know that has a gazillion cars and parking spots filled.  \n\nOne of the things that continually keeps me away from this mall is the fact that it's very busy.  Sure it's very big but damn... I don't think you can close your eyes, stick your arms out and turn around and possibly not hit a single person.  There's so little space between each person in the walkways that it just looks and sounds overcrowded.  People, they're here in abundance and you may find yourself trying to just simply walk the mall and having to change direction to avoid people texting and walking, children or people walking in the opposite direction altogether.  It's pure chaos inside.  \n\nThe food court is large but packed as well during primetime and this mall does very well in the serving hungry people and getting them on their way department.  Lots of fast food here in the food court including a Starbucks to keep you humming right along with energy.\n\nMy reason for stepping into this mall which I normally have no interest in visiting was that I needed to go to a particular store (Things Remembered) to buy a very specific gift for a very specific event.  If not for this requirement I'd stay away from this place because really there's nothing I can't get in here that I can't get anywhere else and not have to go through the bother of parking, crowds and overall noise.  \n\nTourist spot?  Yes, this mall is designated as a tourist spot in that they are allowed to stay open on holidays and such.  The Bass Pro store is such a large attraction as well as the mall itself that one time city officials from Buffalo years ago actually trekked up the 400 to see the mall for itself and how it attracts so many people in a plan to revitalize the Buffalo city center.  I suppose Bass Pro does that?  \n\nAnyway to make a long review shorter, I'm going to simply say I was never a fan, I'm still not and I try to avoid this place because although they have things like Nascar and Legoland, the place is like their neighbor across the street (Wonderland)... too crowded.