PICK N PAY\nWe came on a Sunday morning at 10:00am for the doughnuts, cider, and to pick pumpkins.  I'm embarrassed to say that I've been a Vegas resident since 1992 and this was my first visit--shame on me!  I've been missing out all these years.  Kids of all ages will love this place!  Free admission, free rides on the tractor trailer that goes around the orchard, free use of their wheelbarrows--you should visit if you've been putting it off.  We had the doughnuts and cider first because the longer you wait, the longer the wait will be for those items and they may even sell out.  Our friends got there earlier and bought the doughnuts at $2.00 an order as well as bottles of the fresh pear cider for $2 a pint: an excellent breakfast!  There are also half gallon bottles of apple and pear cider available for $4.  Next, we headed towards the pumpkin patches.  Definitely wear closed-toe shoes when you visit because you're walking around in the dirt; my regular weekend wear of flip-flops were not a good idea - duh.  Also, if you don't have a wheelbarrow of your own, the orchard offers customers free use of theirs, but you may have to find one on your own if they're all in use.  Basically just find someone who's checking out at the cashier line and take one off their hands.  We walked over to the pumpkin patches and there were many pumpkins available.  Customers just need to walk around and find those to their liking and load up; the choosing can take a while if you're looking for the perfect pumpkin.  The line to check out moved quickly, but it was fairly long by the time we left.  On our next visit, we will definitely get there much earlier.  The price for pumpkins is 50 cents a pound (as of 10\/12\/14).  Don't put it off if you've been thinking of going--now is the right time to enjoy the orchard.  \n**Open Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, and Sunday, 7:00am-2:00pm until the end of October.  Cash, credit, and debit are accepted.\n***There are other things to pick if you don't want pumpkins: corn stalks, sweet potatoes, pears, cucumbers, kale, zucchini, tomatoes, okra, and more!