tl;dr--dude, it's a large, edible burger place with a dive bar attached. Anyone who eats meat will survive settling here, or at least drink until they enjoy it. Oh, and portions are gigantic. \n\nIt's alright to me, but how much you like it all depends on your burger philosophy, a key portion of your path to self-realization. Let me explain.\n\nPlaces like OHW make it incredibly difficult for me to evaluate what a good burger is. I feel like we're hitting this beefy new paradigm in which we have all these old-school, no-frills, blue-collar, gruff, and rustic little restaurants, but they're endangered. You know, the tough ones that have been around for like 40 years? The ones where you wouldn't be surprised to find sawdust in your food? Well that's this. And it's ugly on the outside and on a corner that no one cares about, but the people are humble and it if you squint hard, it kinda feels like someone's house. Don't ask for a custom order, go to the cart of condiments and do it yourself. If that sounds appetizing, go for it. Can't go wrong with the wings either, which are spicy and generous to the point I can forgive them needing a bit more sauce. Also, I got a bit buzzed here. It's cool that you can do that, but honestly it's weird with so many families running around. 5 o'clock HH crowd was abundant, but TBH I don't wanna hear or see third graders running around.\n\n\nBack to burgers. \n\n\nAnyway...I understand times are changing. If you like 'modern' burgers, you won't like this place. If you like the high-traffic, high-rent plazas and bright lights and gaudy, uniformed staff and exotic cheeses and maaaaybe a craft beer. If you like places that let you order in advance online, or even maintain a functional website, OHW is the antithesis to that and you'll have no shortage of alternatives. You will honestly hate this and want to go away to a place that has Wi-Fi and doesn't make you feel delicate. \n\nSo there you go. Find out which kind of burger person you are and achieve your carnivorous nirvana.