I wanted to like this place so much.\n\nThe Good: it's a really great view of the strip and the driving range is unique.... for Vegas. They have a lot of TV's. These types of ranges are not a new concept and the hype isn't real. Wow, I can't even be nice when describing the good about it. \n\nThe Bad: only 6 people can be listed as players- otherwise you have to double up. The parking sucks. It's a super small lot, with an overflow in MGM. Womp womp. The prices are pretty high- which I get, but it's definitely not something I'd be willing to shell out on the reg. We weren't even a big group, a party of 9, and the space they gave us was small. Not everyone was able to sit down. Most of us had to stand outside of the space, behind the couches. \n\n\nThe Long Winded Version: \n\nUpon arriving, we were trying to figure out where our group was. After walking around a bit, I asked the women at the private events if there were any reservations for 8 PM for a birthday party. The woman assisting us was less than pleasant. She was actually pretty freaking rude. She was really no help at all, dismissing us for every single party that had checked in for 8\/8:15. Sorry lady- I've never been to TopGolf before. Next time, I will walk around 3 giant floors to figure out what's going on instead of seeking any kind of help from an employee. \n\nWhen we got our stall on the driving range, I ordered a Bullitt Old Fashioned off of their signature drink menu and just asked for a little ice. I got a glass with alcohol and no garnishes. I had to send it back twice- the first time he brought it back without an orange or cherry. The second time with an orange and no cherry. The third time, he managed to come back with both. How do you not know how to make a drink on your suggested list of mixed drinks? It's not like it was anything extravagant or out of the ordinary... So wtf?\n\nThey have a decent selection of clubs. It's cool because there are multiple floors. There are a lot of bars and the waiters come to your table while you golf. Exiting the designated Top Golf parking lot sucks on a Friday night. \n\nI've seen the Vegas local foodie IG's posts about this place and it seemed awesome, but unfortunately, we didn't get that. I'm much more content going to a $10\/100 ball driving range with a 6 pack and receiving basic, well executed customer service vs a fancy place where they can't get their ish together.