What can I say, I *knew* this place was a dive bar before I decided to eat there so I don't know why I was so annoyed the duration of my stay.\n\nI got carded at the door.  I'm in my mid 30s, so I did not mind this at all.  The only thing is as soon as I get carded, I know I'm probably headed into a bar full of people I could have babysat.\n\nNot the case.  The patrons in the bar gave me the sense that this bar is where 'dreams go to die.\"  There was just something sad about the vibe.  I think it was the fact it was noon on a weekday and there were all these senior citizens at the bar.  No one was talking, and no one looked happy, and this may have been bc there wasn't a game on tv.  I dunno.\n\nWe sat outside on the deck.  the atmosphere was as nice as atmosphere can be when you're sitting next to a major intersection and trucks are going by.  There were some potted plants, so that helped.  And the deck is screened in, so it helped keep road debris out.\n\nOur waitress looked like she'd been crying.  I felt really bad for her, and my friend asked me if we were in the 'twilight zone.'  this is when we made some hard decisions.  Do we leave, or do we just get shit faced drunk bc, you know, we're already here and all...  We stayed and got drunk, and ordered chicken strips.  They have a good variety of beers available and they're reasonably priced.\n\nWe were wasted.  Then we asked if we could order food, and the waitress reminded us we'd alreayd ordered food.  This was an hour and a half later.  There's very little I care about when drunk so I asked, \"Well, what's the status of the basket of chicken strips?\"  The waitress teared up again and siad there was a 'melt down in the kitchen' and that she would 'do what she could' for us.\n\nClearly there was also a melt down in the dining room.  \n\nThen, some random dude vomited right outside the bar, basically right in front of us.  This is when we left.  Given the ridic nature of my visit there, I am certain this had to be a very off night.  I'd urge you to go there and tip the waitress with the peach hair veyr, very well.  She's apparently going through a lot right now.