So I tried this place for the first time on Friday. First off, it is located in Spendid China Tower. So I went here for lunch and I believe it was around $16.99. \n\nInterior and decoration wise, it is quite nice. I just found it a bit stuffy and i don't know man I got sat down between two tables and they were quite close to mine. Like I swear any closer and the other customer's butt would be touching my food.... like maybe space it out a little more. That way, I wouldn't have to worry about people's booty in close proximity to my food LOL \n\nAnyways, food wise, it is pretty good. Some were a little weird but overall the food didn't taste too bad. I guess a cool aspect to this restaurant is that you order through an iPad. That's great in the sense that I don't have to do so much talking with the servers, but I also feel like it's quite bothersome if I want to ask for specifics about certain foods (like removing all sauce on grilled salmon or whatever). But yeah, there is a variety of different things to choose from to eat. (BUT, for ME I wish there was a bit more? like throw in some  deep fried scallops or idk SOMETHING)\n\nI don't know if it was just my table, but the servers kept getting our orders wrong?! Like they brought us several things that we didn't even order. And this punk of a dude was insisting that he brought the right order to me like ?! YOU GOOD I DIDNT ORDER SEAFOOD RAMEN. I ORDERED PORK RAMEN. There was CLEARLY seafood visible and he was like no no that's pork like *about to hit rage mode here LOL* but yeah y'all need to keep in mind that you might not get your orders (prob because they at another table) and you might end up getting stuff you didn't order. :D \n\nProbably would not come back again but I would\nrecommend\n1. Pork Ramen (ramen, bamboo shoots, one small piece of pork)\n2. some kind of Korean beef wrap \n3. SHRIMP DUMPLINGS WERE PRETTY GOOD\n4. Yogurt pudding (these are not on the menu; you need to grab it at the corner of the restaurant or something)