First of all let me start by saying I spent 900$ on an extension application done by Andrea and I feel it was a complete robbery and the salon did not stand behind their stylist and even try to fix it or mend our clearly broken relationship after spending 900$.  They made me feel as if 900$ was insignificant and my buisness and satisfaction meant nothing to them.  First of all the hair was over priced.  It comes from the hair shop in LA which you can order directly for almost 60$ cheaper per package along with free shipping, even overnight which of course they do not disclose to you.  The hair was keratip, and applied very very poorly.  There was about a half inch left between my scalp and the newly applied extensions, comparable to a month of growing out from past applications.  There was absolutely no order or technique, they were just placed sporadically including in my hair line which if you have ever worn extensions before you know it should be about two fingers away from your hairline all the way around to avoid seeing the bonds as well as extreme discomfort, breakage, and sores from the extremely tender area.  The hair was attached to pieces of my own hair too insignificant to carry the weight of the artificial hair and I lost somewhere between 10-15 bonds within two days with all my hair attatched to it.  These are mistakes someone who isn't trained in hair extensions would make, however Andrea not only claims to have been doing this for 15 plus years, she teaches the master extension stylist certification class to future extension stylist.  I don't even understand why she has a job at all.  I find it hard to believe she has not had other complaints because upon my first return to remove the bonds out of my hairline I saw a stylist named Jessica who was extremely pleasant and seemed much more skilled at this particular aspect of her job then Andrea informed me that she fixes a lot of Andreas messes and doesn't understand why she isn't given the client in the first place so it could be done right the first time.  She removed many uncomfortable bonds and apologized.  I went home, but it didn't stop all the breakage from the pieces that were attatched to insignificant amounts of hair.  Three days later I removed all the hair to prevent further damage to my natural hair which will take years to grow out from the scalp.  Beware!!!!!! DO NOT GET HAIR OR EXTENSIONS done by Andrea.  Also order the hair from hairpiece.com direct from the vendor and save lots of money.  Canyon falls is a RIP OFF