By the time I ate here, I was totally cynical of all Scottsdale restaurants and was really thinking about having my lunch at In-N-Out.  \n\nI got off to a really bad start at this place, too, they made me wait for a table at this half empty restaurant.  Which was okay, I guess, because D. Frank Designs is across the street.   Anyway, I come back, the sweet little hostess girl has my table ready, but the poor girl is limping because she fell at home the night before and hurt her knee!!  She even shows me the damage!  So, I guess it's okay that I had to wait a bit.  I mean the poor working girl is maimed!!!\n\nSo, wouldn't you know, she sits me in front of a window and it's hot as blazes there.  Geez.  So, I complain to my delightful servers Byran and Melia.  Yes, I get two servers.  I think they can easily identify a tough customer at this joint.  I quickly identified them as Mutt & Jeff.  So, Byran says he will tamper with my ventilation and I think, ya right.  But right away, it gets cooler and so do I.  \n\nAnyway, this place has \"Republic of Tea\" tea.  You can't go wrong with any establishment that serves Republic of Tea.  I'm getting stoked now.  So, anyway, I check out the menu and can't decide what I want.  I mean, I'm starving, but I'm not that hungry.  Bryan convinces me to try the Stetson.  He says that if I don't love it, he will take it back and get me something else.  He says that no one has ever sent back the salad.  That's a challenge I can't pass up on.  So, I've finally made up my mind and then that wonderful Melia  comes out with some incredible hummus, fresh chopped salsa and spinach tortillas to tide me over until my salad come.  The flavors were so amazing together!  So fresh and delicious!\n\nNext comes my Stetson Salad.  I don't need to describe it, because every yelp-er before me has done an excellent job.  But you don't know how really amazing this salad is until you try one yourself.  It is so incredibly good.  It's the first and only time that I have ever finished any salad anywhere.  It was so amazing.\n\nAnyway, the sad part for me was that this was my last meal in Scottsdale.  And it was just lunch.  I wish I would have eaten here sooner and I wish I could have experienced dinner.  I will be back.  And Cowboy Ciao will be my first stop next time.\n\nOne of the things that I think sets this place apart, (besides the interesting food),  is the incredible service.  I felt like I was visiting Bryan's and Melia's and they were there to take care of me.  It's a very friendly place, I love that!!