Disclaimer: This is a FAST FOOD establishment. Only entirely vegan. So think of it as a vegan Robertos or a vegan Pepe's. Make no mistake... eating here does not make any more \"healthy\" than any other taco shop. The reason I bring this up is because many people seem to forget that because something is vegan (or organic for that matter), that alone doesn't necessarily make it \"healthy\". Specially when its servings are extremely disproportionate. Lastly, I will say I am glad these kind of establishments are popping up to meet demand. \n\nOver the past 12 years I've had my share of vegan food and options. So maybe having such high expectations is why my multiple visits here have been a wash. Looking over their menu, there are many questions as to ingredients and nutrition facts. All of which cannot be answered and you can only find a minimal description of what will be served. Frankly, being vegan prompts the consumer to dig as deep as they can to ensure that  what will be consumed is ethically responsible and appropriate for their lifestyle and dietary needs. Where Panchos fails the consumer is when they do not allow the customer to freely make the decision to eat there because they are not being transparent. I cannot trust a business when you ask a question regarding protein content and the reply has been \"I'm not sure\" or when you ask a follow up question and instead of answering they suggest you try the taco shop around the corner. Claiming you are a vegan establishment comes with the added responsibility of having this information available to your customers. \n\nThe wait can be from 10 to over 20 min after you order (depending on foot traffic of course). The only thing that saved this place for me is their \"asada\" flavored plant or wheat based protein in taco form. The nachos were not a hit with me. The \"cheese\" sauce was flimsy and unbalanced. The quesadilla again, not enough protein and too much \"cheese\". Which people will say im crazy for commenting on, but if I order an ASADA QUESADILLA and get a plain quesadilla with minimal sprinkling of protein I have a problem because AGAIN, this does not meet my nutritional needs. Voicing my issue only to be told they do not put much protein in it so it can keep its shape is not satisfying the fact now I feel entitled to my money back because its JUST a cheese quesadilla. \n\nEvery time I've left here I am disappointed because I make delicious, vegan, AND macro friendly options myself at half the cost. \n\nIve seen this place being called a hole in the wall, which is it. All you need is to get rid of those orange walls or just add artwork to take away from the consuming orange blank space, add another tv so its viewable from all angles and directions or put on some music and mute or turn off the tv in the top right hand corner.