I've walked into the Pasadena Café 86 several times, hoping to try the popular ube flan cupcake, but they've always been sold out. When I heard that Café 86 was opening up a location in Las Vegas, I knew I had to swing by to try that elusive cupcake. \n\nOne thing I love about Vegas is that if the location is away from the strip, it won't be difficult to get there nor will parking be an issue. Café 86 is located in a very large plaza on Jones and Russell. It's actually nestled deep in the plaza, so the café won't be too noticeable if you're driving by. \n\nInterior is very artsy and cute - couches, IG-able spots, brick walls - complete with dim lighting and big open windows. There's display cases with the baked treats that are just begging to be bought. I believe the locations in CA usually sell out quickly, especially of the more popular items; however, the Vegas location actually replenishes their stocks so there's a better chance of getting your hands on an ube pastry if you're lucky! \n\nI purchased the ube flan cupcake ($3.60) and dug into it right away. I definitely think it's better to eat this as quickly as possible because the syrup from the flan will soak into the cupcake the more it's left out, making the cupcake turn soggier and soggier. For something having so much hype, I thought the cupcake was just okay. I really do enjoy flan, but I realized that eating too much of it gets heavy quick. The ube cupcake was light and fluffy - not too sweet, which was good because the flan was very sweet. I couldn't get much ube flavor from the cupcake, but I enjoyed it nonetheless. I recommend eating the flan with the cupcake in one bite to get that flan and cupcake texture mixture and flavor. \n\nUbe butter bars: $2.99 I wasn't expecting to like these, but they were really good! I can't decide whether I enjoyed these more or the crack cheesecake but ... I was deliciously wowed by the flavor of the butter bars, especially the ube flavoring. It had the right amount of sweetness, and I loved that each bite was soft and chewy - almost like eating a very chewy cookie. The crust on the bars contrasted with the chewiness, which I enjoyed very much. There's probably a ton of butter in this bar, but the outcome was a very delicious pastry. \n\nUbe crack cheesecake: $2.99 these were amazing as well! If I could only buy one item from Café 86, I would probably go with the cheesecake. I'm not a big fan of cheesecake in general, but mixing ube with it was a great idea - not only was the filling creamier and more flavorful, I could really taste the purple yam. I believe there's a lighter ube whipped cream on top of the cheesecake with some graham cracker toppings crushed on top. I love eating icing on top of cupcakes, so I was pretty happy with that cream. And getting that solid crust in each bite - bliss! I ate this several hours after it was bought from the store and refrigerated, but it still tasted really good - there's a lot of creaminess in each bite, so it's definitely not for everybody. I would suggest trying it if you're a big fan of ube!\n\ntl;dr - Café 86 is a great addition to Las Vegas, but the decadent desserts and drinks make it an occasional visit rather than a frequent one. Prices are quite high and there's just so much goodness that it's hard to justify eating this every week! I thought the cupcakes were too pricey - I would suggest trying the cheesecake or the butter bars instead.