This is my first review, so here I yelp!\n\nA friend of mine recommended this place for crepes, and I needed a quick stop to eat lunch. It looks like they just opened. First of all, I am a crepe fan, and I honestly think they can do better. I came with that expectation because food at restaurants isn't always satisfactory, and I've stopped going out for a long time.  I ordered a Veggie Delight (I'm a vegetarian\/vegan), and it had baby spinach, red onion, tomatoes and feta cheese, and it wasn't fully wrapped and there was too much feta cheese. I like a crepe where everything's stuffed in-nothing spilled out on the ends. I liked their simple selection of ingredients-I would have liked to see more vegetarian options. They do have the \"create your own crepe\" option, but I wasn't in the right mood to invent my own crepe. It costs $3.50 for a crepe with 1 topping and for every meat you add, it's 1.00 and savory & cheese for .75. If I really made the effort to design my own crepe, I would have ordered spinach and swiss, and it would have been slightly cheaper than the Veggie Delight (it cost $5.25) for less ingredients.\n\nIf I could come here again, I would try the breakfast crepe and sweet crepe when I need my sweet fix. And maybe that'll change my rating. :)\n\nI like the design and decor of the cafe-a nice mixture homey 'n' modern feel to it-loove the wooden fans. Doesn't ave alot of character, but there are several old-french style decor. The open celings with metal covers are cool. It is very spacious, and there are several black plush chairs and lots of tables and chairs. I would come here to study since they have free WIFI here, and you can find comfort here.\n\nI ordered iced chai with soy milk, and it was surprisedly good-most places don't make it right!\n\nLastly, the customer service is greeeat-as soon as I sat down, a waitress came up to me and asked what I wanted to order-you would think this cafe is a typical one where you go to the bar and take your order, but this is also a restaurant setting where they serve you.\n\nIf not for crepes, I'd def recommend this place for a hang-out and a sip of coffee with friends if you want to steer away from the devli's brew for yuppies.  (Starbucks)