Kinton, your noods are good but no. Just no. I know you're new so I can forgive the slightly disorganized service and slower response times. But given the glaring service issues I experienced in the nearly 2 hours I spent in your establishment (not that I wanted to be there that long), again, just...no. \n\nComing in, I knew I had to wait 30 mins for a table because any new ramen place attracts the horde. What I didn't expect was the 45 MINUTE WAIT TO GET OUR FOOD. Now let me elaborate why this made me angry, and no it wasn't just because that's an absolutely absurd amount of time to wait for noodles. \n\n1) The people to our side that sat down at the exact same time as us FINISHED their ramen before we even got ours. But wait, it gets even more ridiculous. \n\n2) The people that were LINING UP at the door when we were ordering got their ramen and also FINISHED IT before we got ours. \n\nBut wait, surely we were at least given our appetizers to stave off our hunger in that 45 minute wait. That brings us to more glaring issues. \n\n3) We ordered 3 orders of karaage. About 25 minutes after ordering, we get 1 order of karaage. Certainly, the two others must be following soon. NOPE. They come out 20 minutes later with our ramen, long after the first order became cold and sad. \n\n4) As the server is bringing the long-awaited order of karaage, he evidently drops one piece. Well, mistakes happen of course but most certainly, he will bring out another piece right away...right???? NOPE. My friend waits 10 minutes and asks \"So...you're going to bring me another piece of karaage since that one fell right?\" Another 10 minutes pass before he finally gets it.\n\nOk, so we finished our food in about half the time it took to get to us. Time to just pay the bill and leave. Simple. So simple. BUT NOPE. \n\n5) In the beginning when we were ordering, we were informed that we can only split the bill 4 ways between 5 people. That's ok, we decided to group together some orders. We spent a good few minutes doing this so the server knew exactly which order would be on which bill. We saw him writing it down in a very orderly fashion so that it wouldn't be a problem when we pay. IN THE END, everything came back to us on one bill anyway. So what was the freaking point?? \n\nAgain, I know new places aren't the most efficient. But come on. I'm not even including the fact that we had to ask for water and it took 20 minutes just to get a coke, which I had to ask about also. I don't think I've ever been to a place where you had to ask twice for literally everything. Kinton, your servers were nice but getting noodles really shouldn't induce this much rage. Congratulations. You earn the achievement for elevating my hangriness to levels I didn't think possible. \n\n(10\/100) - 2017