I was introduced to Camelback Lincoln because I was looking for vehicles through the USAA buying program (side note, the buying program alone is worth being a USAA member).\n\nI was looking for a Ford truck and after putting in my preferences I was given three dealerships that had that particular model.  So, not unlike Lending Tree, I was contacted by these three dealers.  They were hoping to set appointments.  It happened to be near the end of the month so they were, naturally, motivated to take care of business sooner than later, because of factory-to-dealer volume incentives.\n\nSo, I headed to dealer #1.  I told him that I was going to hit all three dealers and then make my decision.  He was, understandably, not enthused by this prospect of being played against other dealers.  This was the same with the second dealer.\n\nWell, I finally ended up at Camelback Lincoln.\n\nFull disclosure, I used to be a mortgage broker...I think the only two occupations that are inherently less trust-able than a mortgage broker are politicians and car sales people.\n\nAnyway, I digress.  I walked into CL.  I was met by John Halter.  We immediately hit it off.  He made me feel as though I were more important than the deal.  Seriously, I know what you're thinking...slick, right?  Well, check this out:  We spent nearly an hour going through my preferences, truck models, features, yadayadayada.  He never asked me invasive-type questions.  He spent a disproportionate amount of time finding out about what I wanted.  THEN, GET THIS...He introduced me to Jordan Moore, another salesman.\n\nJohn said...I'm going to get you started but then I'm going to turn you over to Jordan.  I think he saw my mouth-agape stare of bafflement...he said \"we treat people like family and it starts with coworkers\".  Jordan is one vehicle away from a volume bonus and I want him to get it.  Then he showed me a 3-ring binder, and on the front was a quote about how to treat people.  I confess that I don't remember the quote because I was so blown away with this gesture.  I mean, who does this...takes money out of their own pocket to help a co-worker?\n\nIt was getting late and I was a little shocked by how awesome John was that I decided to end the conversation and made an appointment to come in the next day.\n\nThe next day I came in and was greeted by Jordan.  We sat down and started talking.  I figured I'd have to rehash my preferences.  I was also a bit tentative because I liked John so much I now had to start new.  Well, pshaw...Jordan started with what he knew about my preferences and then we started talking about trucks.  He, like John, didn't ask questions that made me feel like the scam was on.  Somehow the entire conversation revolved around my very favorite subject...ME.\n\nThen he introduced me to a (what I thought to be) random customer.  Apparently Jordan had started with him but turned him over to yet another salesperson.  The reason?  This other sales person had a better command of the particular vehicle this customer was interested in.  What the copulation?  These sales people apparently could care less about their commissions and, instead, actually care about other people, specifically the customer.\n\nLook, if these guys are scam artists they're HORRIBLE at it...or they're mad geniuses with a brilliant strategy...give a poo about the people you work with.\n\nOK - if you're still with me you're probably thinking they paid me off somehow.  In effect they did...I got a redonkulous deal on my truck.  I met Nick, the finance manager.  I met him because he wanted to clarify my military status AND to let me know of some additional incentives that I qualified for.  In other words, the FINANCE guy was saving me money.  Again, a horrible scam artist.\n\nThe last guy I want to mention is Mike.  I think he's a sales guy there, but I'm not sure.  All I know is that when I was left to myself while (apparently) the rest of the staff was trying to get me taken care of, I met Mike.  He didn't have to, but he engaged me to see how I was doing (not out of the ordinary) but he also took the time to ask questions to make sure I was being treated right.  \"Are these guys taking good care of you?\"; did they tell you about such-and-such incentive?\n\nWhen it was all said and done I did spend a little more than I'd hoped.  Not because they took advantage of me though.  It was because I saved so darned much money on the deal I went ahead and splurged on the Platinum extended warranty and SKYLINK system.\n\nAAAHHHAAAAA!!!  That's how they do it...lull you to sleep with great service and deals that are so low you can't believe it so you buy extended warranties and the technology that helps you recover vehicles that are stolen or they'll pay you money over and above what your vehicle is worth.  BRILLIANT!\n\nI'll be back!