Okay, so because I'm so excited to have eaten here, and I want to use obscenities to describe the deliciousness, I have decided to replace any PG-13 words with PG words. And....\n\nThis place was flippin' good! I mean, gosh darn! How the heck did they just do that? Each bite made whoopee to my taste buds and stayed around afterwards to cuddle! It's not everyday that I find a restaurant that I absolutely want to be a regular at, but La Tolteca is a restaurant that I can see myself having a healthy relationship with, and, if I'm lucky, possibly growing old with. I'm all for market-style restaurants, and La Tolteca seriously nailed it!\n\nOkay, now that that's out of my system, here's what I tried: I tried the chips and salsas, huevos rancheros and the chilaquiles. The chips were fresh as can be (still warm in the bag), and the salsas...oh the salsas...they were all great, but the stand out had to be the habanero. It was definitely one of the best salsas I've ever had, and my girlfriend considered it the best she had ever had. That's not to be taken lightly because we eat salsa almost religiously. Because my girlfriend got the chilaquiles, I went with the huevos rancheros. They were piping fresh and everything one would expect. The second I cut open the yolk of the egg and saw the yellow and red run together, I knew I was in for a treat. The flavors of that mixed with beans and a little rice were really great! For those of you that have had good huevos rancheros before you'll know what to expect. Alright, and lastly the chilaquiles. In all seriousness, these were the best, and I mean the BEST chilaquiles I've ever had! I'm not sure exactly what was going on in the kitchen, but I suspect a tiny sprinkling of crack right before it was served to us, but that may have just been the garlic. Either way though, it was phenomenal! Every single bite made me so happy, and even after everyone was full at the table, we still managed to pick away at it until it was completely consumed.\n\nEvery person reading this needs to do themselves a favor and endure the trip to Central Phoenix for this place. If you love Mexican food (especially chilaquiles), La Tolteca should not disappoint in the slightest.