I found Jin Hee while browsing for vendors for my daughter's 1st birthday party.  I remember stumbling on her Facebook page around 2am in the morning.  Once I saw the photos of her cakes online, I knew immediately that I had to hire her.  We had two separate events which required her skillful baking techniques.  The first was for our daughter's \"Smash Cake\" photo session & the second was for our daughter's 1st birthday party.  I emailed Jin Hee photos of my daughters outfits prior to both dates and she was able to match and coordinate the colors on the cake perfectly.  Most of our exchanges were over email, because with a 1 yr old, all my prep took place at the weee hours of the night.  Jin Hee was always prompt to respond to emails, a major plus in my book.  \n\n\"Smash Cake\":  For the smash cake I dressed my daughter in a onesie with multi color polka dots.    I really didn't have any design thoughts for this cake, so we let Jin Hee surprise us.  The only part that we were involved with was choosing the strawberry filling and vanilla crème. Jin Hee  surprised us with matching cake that had polka dots & a large number #1 that was perfect for pictures.  Our family enjoyed the cake after the shoot once we brought it home.  At first glance, I thought it was a fondant cake, but soon realized that it was smoothed to perfection with buttercream.  It was soo tasteful that I want to say we probably ate half the cake on the first day \n\n\"1st Birthday Cake\": I gave a bit more direction for the 1st birthday cake.  I knew that we wanted a traditional Korean girl doll as the cake topper w\/ a cherry blossom theme to match our backdrop.  Jin Hee styled out the cake and emailed us a pdf of photos that she was going to use for inspiration.  As they say, photos are worth 1000 words. We provided some small recommendations on color and sizing, but that was pretty much it.  Jin Hee accommodated our request to have two separate flavors for each tier of our 2-tiered cake.  We chose the red velvet and green tea w\/red bean filling.  The cake turned out & tasted amazing!! I can only imagine how time consuming it must have been for her to place each delicate little cherry blossom onto the cake.\n\nLooking back, my only regret was not ordering matching cookies as party favors.\nI also wish that I had found Jin Hee a few years sooner so I could have hired her to do our wedding cake.  I can't wait to work with Purple Elephant Cake again in the near future!!!.  \n\nPhotos Posted