2 to 2.5 stars. I'll be generous and call it 3, because the staff is nice. Thankfully, most Vegas staff IS nice, but still -- a little kindness and courtesy goes a long with me. I bet most of the reviews above 2 or 3 stars are due the staff's friendliness.\n\nThe first thing you should know is that this NOT a true resort. Not unless you're on strong drugs and can hallucinate as such. I've been to more resort like properties in middle of nowhere Ohio and Wisconsin, nevermind Vegas.\n\nFamily oriented. Mostly decent, clean clients overall (higher prices automatically sort out much riff raff), but our particular room was badly in need of renovations.  \n\nThe hotel lobby is quite nice, but the room itself was rough looking with random chips and dings and all kinds of bad details everywhere. The style is like a throwback to the tacky version of the 60s (and not the funky psychedelic part, unfortunately, hahaha). \n\nSome of the pieces, like one of the dressers, were very cool. But overall, it's more like a cheap old place in Scotland, or a slightly better maintained version of $40 hotel in the less than good part of town. That kind of style. \n\nIn fact, when checking in to the room, I immediately went back to the front desk and asked if they had a renovated room available. They said all other rooms are the same. They aren't renovating until 2015 (even though they are sure charging as if they have renovated already!) \n\nThis type of poorly maintained room always has me worried I may be charged for damages previous residents caused. This should be your concern, too, because it can and does happen sometimes. Tip: Make sure you document move in damages in such hovels with your camera phone.\n\nThe walk to the Mandalay Bay Convention Center (which is where I needed to go for work daily) was much longer than I anticipated, and there was no shuttle to this hotel. I could've stayed a bit further away and it would've been more convenient. So not a good choice on my part. \n\nI probably wouldn't stay here again until it is renovated. For around $180 a night before tax, it really was FAR too much on the gross side. For that type of money, you can stay in near luxury in Vegas, so why bother? Seriously.\n\nA few more points:\n\n-- Carpet was overall very dirty. Not just dark spots and cigarette burn marks (even though I had a nonsmoking room!), but deeply filthy. Walking on bare feet will yield black feet in short order. Very unusual, as most hotels clean their carpet regularly. This hotel should do so, too. Feet are very porous, so who knows what kinds of vile and evil you're getting transdermally should you forget to wear socks.\n\n-- How is this a resort? It has a pool, sure. But most hotels have a pool. Many much nicer than this. This is just a hotel with a pool and jacuzzi, period, which all hotels in the area have. A bit of false advertising that they should discontinue immediately.\n\n-- Layout of the rooms is practical, with easy parking and quick enough access to rooms. Hotel will likely be lovely after a significant remodel is done. They also need to stay up on maintenance and repairs.\n\n-- There's a nearly new looking stove WITH oven, which is cool, but there's no oven pans. Come on, guys. The rest of the kitchen is well stocked, however. Thank you.\n\n-- There's central air conditioning, but it doesn't seem to have a humidifier like some of the fancier hotels have. Beware, because the air gets immensely dry when you combine moisture sucking AC with Vegas' already dry air. Make sure you get a lot of electrolyte containing drinks. Magnesium, potassium, and even sodium help to keep you hydrated.\n\n-- There doesn't seem to be any active air exchange, just air recycling, so your oxygen levels go down and CO2 with time. This means you do need to open the windows from time to time for fresh air if you have a lot of people breathing it all up.\n\nThe problem with that is that there are no window screens or screen for the balcony. Yet there are bugs in Vegas. Humans haven't killed them all yet! I saw crickets and even a scorpion. Don't want that bugger crawling in. Not to mention the random crackhead (although, thankfully, there seem to be few in this particular area). Please install screens, Mr. or Mrs. Desert Rose.\n\n-- They have a blender! One of the nicest touches I've seen in a hotel.\n\n-- They do have a large size trashcan like you'd find at hme in the kitchen, which I commend them for. Too many extended stay type hotels with kitchens and kitchenettes still only have teensy tiny trash cans, which can be annoying. Thoughtful touch here.\n\n-- A shuttle would be VERY nice to add.\n\nOverall, I regretted staying here, despite seeing a better future for the place. Thumbs down until after their 2015 renovation. \n\nAt least the hotel has potential. It's not far from attractions, and the layouts make good use of space. It's just kind of gross, and has a few design flaws that could be fixed. A good renovation will do wonders.