I've always heard the grass isn't always greener on the other side. Well, in this case the grass was much greener!! I found an amazing masseuse who I was afraid to leave but after my buddy Jason W. raved about Jennifer at \"A Serenity Now Massage\" I decided to give her a shot. I took his recommendation because we both loved the masseuse we were currently being treated by. I knew if he thought she was great then maybe she is. Upon walking in I wasn't greeted with the same decor as my previous place. But who cares about all the fluff of a fancy spa lobby? You're there for your well-being, not an Art Museum. So throw all the aesthetics out of the window and give your body what it really needs and deserves!! \n\nMy experience: Jennifer was very friendly and easy to talk to. I immediately felt comfortable upon meeting her. She is very humble and easy going just as I am. She walked me to my room, let me in and closed the door so that I can dress down accordingly in my own privacy. Once she returned she was sure to knock before entering. These things aren't the most important to me but they may be to somebody else so I am mentioning them here. The table was very very comfortable which is important to me. I believe they are memory foam, you can really feel the quality. Jenn asked me how much pressure I would like for my massage. This seems like something that should always be asked but believe it or not some people just give you what they want to give you and not what you want or need. I told her I have a high tolerance and she could put the hurt on me, the good kind of hurt obviously. She went to work and really got deep into the layers of muscles I have been torturing in the gym. I don't know how to explain it exactly but if you are familiar with deep tissue work you should understand the saying \"it hurts so good!\" She really worked out my knots and kinks. I was pretty bound up and I have been dealing with a neck\/trap issue for a few weeks. I believed that I may have pulled a muscle in the gym. Doesn't matter what I did because it's gone now, like it never happened. She found an area I told her always bothered me but my last masseuse never really found it unless I really pointed it out to her. She said \"I find everything\" and she is true to her word. She found spots that I didn't even know were bound up. She was EFFING AMAZING!!!! I told her she's probably like the Stephen Curry of the massage industry and just needs a mouth guard to chew on to look the part. She's that good that I think she's so good that even other good masseuses would look at her like Clevelander's look at Stephen Curry. So good they hate her lol. If you don't have haters you're not doing anything, I believe in that and that's always been my philosophy. Jenn is gonna have haters, she just stole me and my buddy from a great masseuse, that's not easy to do. Big props to Jenn as I sit here feeling looser than ever and ready to wreck weights in the gym!! As long as Jenn works here this place will stay in business. I will ABSOLUTELY be back in to see her!! Thanks Jenn and thanks \"A Serenity Now\" for staffing such an amazing masseuse. Hit this girl with a bonus or something!! Why are you still reading this review?? Get to their website now and book an appointment with Jennifer, get relaxed, focused and bring out your inner Zen with Jenn!!