This is definitely a hidden gem not only in Henderson but within the actual building itself since all you can see on the outside is the signage for \"Island Sushi\" and there is a door to the right and a door to the left which has a screen on it which gives the appearance that they are perpetually closed.  Choose door on the left and from here, you will first see a counter up front with desserts and a menu above you. To access Poke Express, you must go further down the hall where there is a counter with various poke priced around 10 dollars\/lb and one has the option for sampling their bounty of poke in a variety of flavors.  Whoever came up with the term \"food porn\" probably envisioned poke as its monthly centerfold.  I mean seriously, it's pretty much glistening flesh that is scantily \"dressed\" with options including but not limited to wasabi, spicy mayo, limu (hawaiian seaweed), and shoyu (soy sauce)...quite a thing of beauty I must say.   \n\nSince I biked as a marshall for the Rock and Roll Marathon, I was feeling particularly hungry and needed a carbo-boost post-ride, so I went with one of their Poke bowls, which has a substantial bed of sushi rice underneath the poke, but unless you're one of those folks from an Asian background where your parents threatened that if you didn't clean your rice bowl since the residual pieces of rice would pretty much resemble the pock-marked face of your future spouse, feel free to leave some of that rice behind.  Options for Poke rice bowl include the regular, with avocado (add 1 dollar), and DO NOT confuse the spicy ahi tuna bowl as poke....it is pretty much mushed up tuna mixed with spicy mayo that would likely get a 5 star yelp review if yelp existed for cats rating their food.  \n\nI went with the regular Poke bowl and requested they add some chili sauce (the one with the green cap and rooster on the bottle, much more intense than Sriacha), since I was concerned the spicy mayo would overpower the natural flavors of the poke.  The bowl is served along with fresh sliced cucumbers, some marinated onions, and a few fried taro chips.   The poke had a very pleasing texture (chewy but not gummy), not overly seasoned, and tasted very fresh (may not be as good right off the island since the tuna was obviously frozen en route to Vegas).   My advice would be to stop poking your friends on facebook with flying sheep or watching that episode of Pokemon which induced epileptic seizures in young Japanese kids, go poke the person sitting beside you and come down here for some high quality poke.\n\nOne final note: for Spam Musubi fans, theirs is loaded with way too much rice much like their Poke bowls.