I am not a huge coffee drinker, in fact I never drink plain coffee.  But, I have been wanting to go here since reading an article in the New Times a few years ago about the Clover machine, and how this place was one of the few places in the country that had one before Starbucks bought the manufacturer and ended the sale of the machine. \n\nFast forwards to today:  I finally went to grab a bag for my girlfriend and roommate.  I hate the smell of crappy coffee being made in the morning and how it infects my entire house.  I can tolerate and even enjoy a nice bean.  After 3 or 4 trips in the area at night without the actual address, I came up empty handed because there is no sign on the street and it is hidden behind another building.  Finally I wrote down the address and managed to find it during the day.  \n\nFirst impression:  There is a magnetic field that attracts a disproportionate amount of dirty ass, homeless-looking, transient-type folks.  If I owned the joint I would call in an exterminator and mobile pet groomer.  Spray pesticide on them to kill the fleas, and give them a full-service pet grooming which should include de-matting, shearing, a shampoo, tick collar, nail trim, and an ear cleaning.  My dog held his nose walking by these people.  \n\nMaybe they have a must-have-showered-within-the-last-week rule for indoors because the clientele seemed more hygienic.  Minimal decorations, and it is very clear that they are not going to wow you with glitz, glam, christmas cd's or sizes that mean large in 3 different languages.  \n\nUnlike many people on here, I actually was helped by a very friendly gentleman (w\/ dreds).  He helped me choose a bag, and get me a drink to go.  I went iced latte to go (it was warm out) and got a Guatemalan bag for the coffee drinkers in the house.  My latte was unsweetened and quite tasty.  They have some very primitive-looking coffee brewing techniques and machines which are pretty cool.  All employees had a smile on their face, engaged in some small talk with a few people and promptly made my drink in a few minutes.  I don't know if they canned all the snotty employees or seeing someone that is 6'4\" brings out their nicer side.  I can only speak of my experience and it was short and sweet.\n\nI would like to comment on  the most snotty-douche-y review I have ever read.  Note to Phoenicians, if you use the word CenPho, you are exhibiting tool-like behavior.  End of discussion.  If you look down your nose and say that a certain establishment does not belong in said CenPho because it isn't cool enough to be around you, you are moving towards the extreme side of the tool spectrum.  If you have to use profanity in a review you can add the title of tasteless.  My hunch is they saw Mr. Lord of Culture coming from a mile away.  You stay in CenPho and let us folks stay in a city and area without the need for catchy nicknames.  Oh yeah, the word poser died in the 90s, catch up.  Someone as trendy as you should know that.