Came to Momofuku in a party of 7 with plans to go to the noodle bar. At 5:30pm there was already a line forming, but the host told us Daisho just opened on the 3rd floor, sweet! We went there instead and were not disappointed. The space itself is beautiful with high ceilings and a great view of the city. The decor is similar to other momofukus - minimalist and simple. As with the noodle bar, there is no where to hang your coat... Our server said, \"I guess this is one of those don't-bring-a-lot-of-stuff places\". Okay... good luck in the winter! There are some communal tables as well as smaller ones for groups of 4 or less. \n\nThe menu is designed for sharing, so it's good to come here in a group. While we looked at the menu, they brought out some chopped cucumber in a spicy vinegar-y dressing. Refreshing. There is an a la carte menu as well as menu items that are designed for larger groups (referred to as \"large format\" dining on their website). You are supposed to call and order ahead, but since today was the opening day, they had some of those options available. We decided to have the fried chicken, which easily could have served 9-10 people even though it says it's for 4-6 ($125). It was served on a platter, family-style with some garlic and ginger dipping sauces, scallion pancakes, radishes, lettuce, and tabasco salt. A LOT of food! The chicken was so juicy and the skin was crispy, with a nice spiciness, without being too salty. We also ordered some steamed buns as appetizers. They were not the famous pork belly buns, but had Canadian peameal bacon in them with some sweet mustard. We looked at the other tables who ordered the family-style platters -- there is a bo ssam (whole pork butt), beef short rib, and beef ribeye. The portions were also huge! For dessert, we had another sharing item - the pear trifle. Frangipane, bourbon, crispy black sesame + black sesame ice cream. Interesting mix of flavours and a nice way to end the meal. Drink options include cocktails, wine, beer, and sake + some non-alcoholic drinks (mocktails hehe!). The cocktails were expensive, $16-20. I had one with gin, kasu, lychee, sparking water. It was smooth and potent, not too sweet. \n\nService was attentive - our server was able to answer any questions we had (like why are there random numbers next to items on the menu?) and kept our waters filled. Oh and one of the servers has a hello kitty tattoo! So cute! The ambiance is nice - it's a fine dining kind of place without feeling stuffy; you could show up here in jeans or a suit and be equally comfortable. It gets noisy, but you're still able to have a conversation since the music is kept at a reasonable volume. Our meal came to $60 per person including tax, tips, drinks, which was less than I expected. Momofuku Daisho is definitely a great addition to the Toronto restaurant scene! I look forward to coming back and seeing how the menu changes.