The cashier, who's name is Angel stole $8 from me. I placed a togo order on Tues. Nov. 5 2013 at  exactly 6:00 PM from a server named Angel, this is according to my receipt that also shows a charge of $30.25 that was paid using my debit bank card, but after checking my bank statements today I noticed a charge for $38.25 to my bank card from bamstealurmoni! \n\nNow to be fair, I have not yet confronted Angel,  or his manager about this overcharge to my account as of yet, normally in a situation like this I would wait until after the problem was resolved,  giving the establishment time to investigate,  and offer a resolution before I would start publicly accusing them of being thieves, and make no mistakes about it, that is what I'm doing, I am accusing Bambinis of being a shady, dishonest, untrustworthy, thieving,  dirty, disgusting grease pit hole in the wall solely based on the employee's they choose to represent them, but the reason I am sounding off now is because Angel was a total jerk from the get go! This guy has a serious attitude problem!  Sorry, but I don't  tip somebody $8 for taking an order, I would however tip if he served me, even if he was still the snot nose little prick that he is, I would still reward him for his efforts,  assuming he wasn't thief of course! \n\nTomorrow after they open for business,  I will inform them of this crime,  and I promise to either update this review,  or remove it based on the outcome,  but unfortunately they have lost me as a customer,  I believe in supporting locally run businesses,  and many times I have recommended this place which I now regret,  the I.A.P. who now hold there monthly meetings at this place being one of them,, I am not looking forward to telling them how wrong I was! Maybe this is just an isolated incident,  and this is just on bad employee giving the whole establishment a bad name, we will just have to wait a see, like I said, I will follow up on this review,  and if in a week from now Angel is still employed here being allowed to steal from their loyal, hard working unsuspecting customers,  then we will know just what kind of place this really is, but if he is dismissed from his duties of representing this company as being petty little crooks I will have no other choice but to spread the word far and wide warning people of this scam, I have many outlets to voice my concerns,  I am very involved in the community, and very rarely do I speak ill of an small business working hard to make it. but when you steal from me I get angry. I have no tolerance for scam artists in my town!  That is all for now,  but I will keep everyone posted.  Thank you.\n\n*first update,  when I posted this review a few minutes ago, a picture came up with it, a picture that I posted some time ago which I have forgotten about! When I see a  business on Yelp that does not have a picture, and I support the business,  I will post a picture for them to help advertise,  I'm only pointing this out to illustrate how hurt, betrayed,  and utterly sickened by what was done to me, for a measly $8 they lost a loyal customer, and now have their reputation at risk.