This ain't no vanilla bbq spot.\n\nManila BBQ is a relatively new restaurant located next to Galaxy Green Valley Luxury theatres in that sprawling plaza at the end of Sunset, near the intersection of Sunset. Henderson streets - good times. Although I live relatively close to here compared to all of those Las Vegas restaurants that keep popping up, I hadn't visited until an opportunity came following a nearby Yelp event.\n\nThe interior is simple and resembles plenty of other Asian Restaurants. Food is ordered up at the counter (which is also home to various Filipino snacks and treats) either for dine-in or to-go, both of which seem to be popular options. All of the menu looks quite affordable, and I was able to try multiple items so far:\n\n#2 Pork BBQ Combo ($7.95): four simple but delicious skewers, with two scoops of red rice and a side of macaroni salad. The pork skewers are sweet and fatty, and they have a great char from grilling. They're easily the star of this dish, which would have otherwise been a great disappointment due to the relatively small protein portion.\n\n#6 Lumpia Shanghai ($3.95): ten pieces of lumpia, which are small, Filipino egg rolls. This version has beef rather than pork, and each lumpia is almost bite-size. It's very simple, and the strength of this is how it comes out from the kitchen fresh, hot, and crispy; the sooner you bite in, the better. That said, I would really prefer a Vietnamese egg roll any day of the week for a richer, more interesting filling.\n\n#9 Pansit Malabon\/Palabok ($7.95): described as Filipino-style chow mein, this is served with shrimp, sliced hard boiled egg, and a few other treats. It's rather simple and could use a touch more protein. I wouldn't mind paying more for larger shrimp, but c'est la vie?\n\nI will definitely have to check out Manila BBQ's other menu items soon. If crispy lechon, soup specials (dinuguan, papaitan, pork adobo), or Filipino spaghetti special are interesting at all, then I'll have a new cheap eats option in this area, not just Ross J's or Chicken Shack.