I went here on Sunday, 9\/13\/2015 at around 3pm.  The woman who did my brows had a blue shirt one, and black moccasin sandals. \nThe place is very hard to find. I walked past it twice, and had to use my GPS to find it.  I walk in with my step daughter, and the only person there is with a customer, and another woman was waiting.  The eyebrow threader didn't even look at me, or acknowledge I was there.   So I stood there for a moment confused on if I should wait for someone to sign me in, or what.  I decided to sit down since the woman seemed to be oblivious to me, even though she was 10 feet away.  She could have at least told me I could have a seat, instead of letting me stand their not knowing what to do.  When she finished the woman she was working on she barely had any eyebrows. They were left super short.  Maybe she wanted them that way, but I doubt it. The woman who was with her changed her mind, and said she would come in another time.  So I sit down, and tell her just to clean them up, and follow the natural shape.  Not to go too thin since my hair is blonde, and they disappear if they're thinned too much.   She was unable to make my eyebrows match.  I know my brows are slightly thinner on one, but I have never had an issue when getting them down.  She basically shaped one, but then only cleaned up the other instead of making them look the same.  The right is higher looking than the left since she didn't take much off the top.  When I got home I had to go through, and remove hairs to even them out more.  I shouldn't have to tweez my brows after paying to get them down.  It was also incredibly painful.  She said it was because my brows were long, which is not the case. I have never had this issue, and I go months between brow jobs. I was barely able to sit through it, and I have had them threaded many times, and waxed many more.  The reason I prefer threading to tweezing is because it normally doesn't hurt as much. Not the case here. \n\ntldr: I will not be returning.  Horrible customer service, and I could have done better myself, and I'm not very good at brows.  And it was the most painful threading\/wax I have ever had done on my brows.