Last night I slayed Poutini's after leaving the Social where Phillip Jung of M.A.N.D.Y. was spinning pure unadulterated sickness. Although I was well hammered, I knew whilst eating that I was having a fantastic poutine experience, so much so that I was very much looking forward to coming into work this morning to Yelp this spot. \n\nTo my amazement the reviews on Yelp were mostly low. So, I am here to big up this house of poutine, it definitely deserves more praise then it has gotten on Yelp. \n\nThe most memorable aspect of the poutine experience for me was the completely cooked through\/crispy fries. Nothing grinds my gears more then getting fries\/poutine from establishments and they're half cooked through or soggy, I can't stand it. Turns out Poutini's deep fry their fries twice, Belgian style. The fries themselves are PEI potatoes and are hand cut daily, skin left on.  The bountiful curds are delivered every other day from local cheese producer Maple Dale Farms. The delicious traditional style gravy is made in house from roasting meat bones and vegetables for at least 8 hours, they also have vegetarian gravy available (Kat!).\n\nSo yes the poutine was bang on, and this is coming from a dude who regularly slays poutine and went poutine hunting in Montreal. I read a lot of comments that the poutine is too salty but I have to disagree. I wouldn't say it isn't salty, but it's poutine, it's fries and gravy, it's supposed to be salty!  I found it seasoned well and I had mad bacon added to mine, their portion of bacon was notably generous. Another fantastic option they have available is the \"layered\" option. Instead of just dumping the cheese and gravy on top of the fries, they give u the option to have curds riddled throughout the fries, amazing. \n\nAside from dishing out a solid folking poutine, Poutini's is extremely green friendly. Their containers, utensils, napkins, straws and dipping containers are all biodegradable. Overall a great poutine experience for me.  Unfortunately last night in my state I was unable to read the fine print where they had their dipping sauces listed, I will be sure to try the roasted garlic mayo on my next visit.  \n\nThink I'm chirping? Now magazine declared Poutini's Toronto's Best poutinerie, and Sean Kelly Keenan (poutine connoisseur) of Eyeweekly.com claims they make perfect poutine.  \n\nNuff said.