For me, the service you receive is just as important as the food you eat. Our experience did not start off well. I added myself to the waitlist online before leaving the house. It only shows you the first 7 people so I called to see how long it would be and was told about 30 mins. \n\nWhen we arrived at the Stove the hostess was looking down writing something for several minutes while we were standing there being ignored. A quick acknowledgement and hello would have been nice. I did really like the decor and atmosphere inside. Its really \"homey\" and warm feeling. Unfortunately I had lots of time to look at it as we sat there for quite a while waiting to be seated even with multiple open tables. This leads me to believe they were short servers or kitchen staff. Several tables remained open the entire time we were there even when the wait time was over an hour. The phone kept ringing and I think the hostess was just overwhelmed and needed some help up front. \n\nOnce seated our server Marco was over within a few minutes. He was friendly and welcomed us to the restaurant and went over the menu which has lots of interesting breakfast options. I ordered the matcha tea which I was told they ran out of two days before. We went with the croque madame and the flap jacks. The food came out in a reasonable amount of time. The croque madame was served with a side salad. Why? Who wants a salad for breakfast? Some sort of potatoes would have been a perfect accompaniment. The sandwich itself was good. The flavors were excellent but the cheese was not melted at all. \n\nThe flap jacks were three large pancakes served with whipped cream and berries. They were too dark and burnt tasting so we told Marco who had them remade. When they came out again it was the same thing so we didn't eat them. \n\nBetween the front of house issues and the food, this was definitely a two star experience \"Meh Ive experienced better\". I am giving them 3 stars however because they took the pancakes off the bill which I greatly appreciate. As a new business I am definitely going to come back and give them another chance so I can try out some more dishes from the menu and hopefully the service will be improved.