Thank you Chef Bernard for bringing a new location to Henderson! I had seen the signs for about 3 months prior to the opening. I was hoping and wishing that it was the same Bernard's Bistro that I have came to love in Lake Las Vegas. Finally, they are open! And indeed it is that good ol familiar taste I was looking for.  \nLocated where 2 previous restaurants have failed, I have no doubt that won't be an issue this time around. Chef Bernard has a French inspired menu, that also hits the spot with some solid comfort food dishes, seafood, and classic California style cuisine. I used to work out at the lake, so I am lucky enough to have met the chef personally. His passion is cooking, and presentation! If Chef is in the kitchen, you will never worry about how the plate looks because it would never leave the pass looking less than perfect. Proof: we ordered a shrimp cocktail appetizer solely on how good it looked while passing our table. That is was! With jumbo shrimp, a cocktail sauce with a hint of horseradish and a squeeze of lemon. It hit the spot. I also started with their Caesar salad with avocado. Totally big enough to share, or order as a light entrée. \nIn the past I have ordered crepes, salmon, stuffed chicken, and more. (All of that being at the Lake Las Vegas location I ventured for something new)\nThe boyfriend went with beef casserole over spaghetti and I had cannelloni stuffed with braised beef and mushrooms. \nBoth dishes were excellent and I would order again in a heartbeat! \nThey maybe were a bit slow, as it felt like we waited a while between apps and the main course. But honestly, I don't mind waiting for great food. Also, they are less than a month old, the chef was back there working, and they could just be making sure everything was perfect. \nReally not the reason for the loss of a star.\nIt might be silly, but the reason for 4 instead of 5: We complained about the lemonade, it was gross and watered down. They apologized and offered something else, which we got (a sprite) however we were charged for both. \nI did not point it out, a couple of bucks. But it is the point of the mistake. \nEverything else was superb. The service, the atmosphere,  the manager making sure everyone was happy. The food. The prices. I will most likely be returning, and soon! I will make sure to bump up the 4 stars as well once I feel they have perfected all aspects. Until then. . .