I encourage everyone not to utilize this service.  I could not have had a worst experience in my first long weekend in LV..\nI arrived on Friday July 7, 2017 I proceeded as directed to the ground transportation location where I was greeted by not the friendliest Showtime Tours Agent, To be frank the young lady was quite rude and nasty. This was my first impression for an Ambassador for Showtime. I provided her with my voucher #,  which appeared to be another issue  and was taken to the Venetian Hotel. She further adv to make adv reservation  of 24 hours on line for return trip by going on line to there website. I attempted to go on line 24 hours in advance only to be told to call in. Upon calling in to Showtime I made the proper arrangements to be picked up at the hotel for my return to the airport.\nTo my surprise when met by the Showtime driver I was expected to \"PAY\" 19.00 for myself and spouse. I attempted to explain that we had already paid in advance , the driver called his supervisor and further explained we had to pay the 19.00  or we would not be transported and proceeded to matter of fact tell us he had other stops to make to we had to pay now because he could not be held up. Against my better judgement I had no other choice but to pay the 19.00 in which i did obtain a receipt. I explained that my round-trip to the airport had already been paid in advance but he would hear nothing of it. Even after attempting to show him the reservation as I did when I arrived he stated that I could show him anything I wanted we would have to still pay.  This is totally unacceptable  !!! I will never, ever utilize or recommend this service to anyone. You love to hide behind the fact that you don't work for the airlines, I get it. However there has to be some type of partnership since you are providing services thru there website as an add on. I will further be complaining to United Airlines and BBB about the services and lack of quality that you have provided. Now lets see how long it will take my funds  to be returned to me, and what will be done about my inconvenience.\nIn closing I just want to say to Jeff, I don't need your apologies and your vague attempt to down play my experience. You organization is crappy and don't know how you stay in business. I find it extremely ironic that on your website you obtain nothing less than 4 stars and high accolades, but then come to a non bias website such as Yelp and you cant even get 2  stars.... Really ?? you think were idiots.