I feel awful for giving this negative review, considering I really love this place. The BF's family and I come here for dinner at least twice annually. We normally come here for their weekly sunday fixed price menu - which is well worth checking out.\n\n $39 for 3 courses\n\nThe most recent experience was not on par with the previously wonderful experiences I have had here; which unfortunately were before my pre-active yelp days. So I dearly hope that this review turned out to be a one-off mis-fire for Terra. Because I still honestly don't know what happened that night. \n\nThe evening started out beautifully - with our starters arriving - not too long after we ordered. I ordered the bacon, jalapeño and lime soup - which was amazing. The flavour of the soup was smokey, spicy and just a hit of sour to awaken the appetite for the entree. \n\nWhich took way too long in arriving; which kicked off the downward spiral. This was compounded by the wait staff more or less completely ignoring us in this stop gap between starter and main. After lengthy period of time, when I finally caught someone's attention, I had handed them my empty teapot and requested for more hot water - plus asked after our food - shortly thereafter the guy came back and said the food was on the way - before he ran off, I asked after my missing hot water.  He said it was on the way - then disappeared. After about 15 minutes, food started to come out and was about to be put down - when the service guy was about to put it down, he got into a conversation with a co-worker at which point he did an about face and walked back into the kitchen with our food - no explanation or anything as to why they were taking the food away... \n\nAfter another period of waiting (which during I still hadn't received my replacement pot of water), we ask again about our food -  someone else comes out to explain and apologise about the delay in the mains coming out, as apparently there was a miscommunication - so the kitchen was cooking our orders now (3rd request for hot water gets inserted here) - at which point it has been at least an hour since we finished the starter. After another 5 minutes, the mains finally come out (hooray, but my water still hasn't arrived - insert 4th request) \n\nMy roasted half chicken is wonderful - but I think my carrot was still raw, because it was Bugs Bunny crunchy - but after the ordeal of trying to get my pot of hot water (which had finally arrived) and main - but I think every little thing was bugging me at that point during the dinner. \n\nDessert went without incident, I just ordered their fruit - but the Bf and his family order the flourless chocolate torte and upside pineapple cake; which arrived hot and steaming.  They said it was quite delicious and on par with the past visits. \n\nI've already stated what bothered me most about this recent visit - but here is the thing - if you ignore my big fat rant in the middle about massive service fail - Terra is quite wonderful, I would even deem it worthy of the 5 stars everyone else gives it.\n\nBut unfortunately, this visit rated only 3 stars - because I have to say Terra, I honestly expected better from you -  because you normally knock my proverbial dining experience socks off.\n\nSide note : the usual embellishments like the palate cleansing sorbet between app. and entree ; as well as the cheese and lavash between entree and dessert were missing. (although I don't know if they just forgot or stopped doing it)