A big \"cheers\" to these guys! Let me start by saying, up until August 31st of 2017, I was NOT a coffee person, by any definition. How do I know that specific date is when it changed? Because it was on this dreary, rainy day I stumbled upon BOCO Coffee and my life was forever changed.\n\nCoincidentally this is also the day I closed on my first home purchase! Me and my girlfriend went to celebrate at arguably my favorite restaurant in Charlotte, The Crepe Cellar. After our meal is when the magic came out.\n\nThree words: NoDa Cafe Blend. I'm putting 3 oz of this stuff in my first aid kit, my truck's glove box, in the mailbox at work; you get it, it's off the chain. This stuff is liquid gold as far as I'm concerned. It's complex, just enough bitterness but hits you with it's own sweet aroma. Dynamic spiciness that sticks with your palette throughout, and finishes with this chocolate serenity. Where am I going with this??! This is once badass ride that I've become addicted to...\n\n...Like, if you're a coffee novice like me, you've probably had the occasional \"Corporate\" singular note pre-ground BS from the break room in your office that they've been shoving down your throat in an effort to pump more productivity out of you, right? OK, maybe that's a bit of an exaggeration but let's just go with that and STICK IT to the metaphorical MAN! Get yourself some soul in a cup!\n\nSo now I'm pretty far down the rabbit hole and have gotten myself a Conical Burr Grinder, a French Press, some Demerara Sugar, a digital scale specifically for coffee, and I'm presently at the end of my first two lbs. of whole beans! I'm going for the butter blend next time, which means a trip to their roastery soon for more coffee.\n\nYou'll be doing yourself a favor by stopping by. Their staff was just about to start a cupping class (not THAT much of a coffee nut yet, but it's nice to know they have education from consumer level to professional world-class barista level) yet the head roaster Kevin was patient enough to show me around the roasting floor and give me a crash course of their blends!\n\nDamnit, I don't have time for all this! Well, I guess I do now. Priorities, man. When it goes from something you want, to something you can't start your day without... I'd write more but I need to go make another cup. Cheers!