A total nightmare of an experience with this lot. I fly into Phoenix once a year to visit my parents located in Goodyear, AZ. In order to save my wife and I a few dollars, I decided to avoid rentign from the airport wnterprise location, and try the local Goodyear location. WHAT A MISTAKE!!!! As my wife always tells me, you get what you paid for...how true. I was offered the choice, as an upgrade mind you, of the smallest, cars imanigable....I select a kia at first, drove it a mile, and promptly returned it..the seats felt like coffin lids...the car wrote erradicaly..Next, was my second choice, a chevy cobalt...the drivers seat sank to the left...the brake pads were obviously in poor condition, as in order to stop, additional pressure was required on the brakes....but the worst was yet to come..\n\n   The same night after renting the checy cobalt, I went o gas up the tank, as the car renta agency only left the car with less than a quarter of a tan of gas!!! Unhreard of....as I went to shut the car off, it would not allow me to...the key was stuck in the on position!!! Long story short, I get th car back on empty to my parents, and ask my step father, who's aformer car mechanic to get the key out and the car off..he could not do it..he had to disable the car, by pulling a few enginen cables loose, which left the headlights still on!!!! In the interim I was o nthe phone with Enterprise's \"emergency\" road side assistance..I spoje to two different operators..opne had the nerve to laugh hystericaly in my ear at my situation, telling me that they have trouble similar to mine wit hthe chevy cobalt's that they rebnt..Sothat is funny to charge the public for cars you know are unsafe? I think not jackass.\n\n     The the emergency operator after finishing his chuckle routine....told me that they will onoly send trippl e A out to tow their car, once the enginen has stoped...in the meantime we were stil trying to get the enginen off..before my step father figured out how to....I asked the phone operator, am I supposed to drive around untilthe car runs out of gas i nthe desert at 11 pm???? Or leave it here i n my parent's dtiveway,t hy reside in an upscale gated golf community...the noise was disturing their neighbors, from the car running, and the exhaust fumes smelled like exhaust fumes..awful. An hour later the tow truck guy heads out, he's lost, as he's from chandler, located a distance away...he gets there..and says oh no...curing under his breath...they toldme at entrprise that the car was in the street...I had just had it then...the tow guy and I physicaly pushed the car into the street..after midnight now this car was out of my life...I thought!!! \n\n   The next day the Goodyear enterprise sent out a rep. with a really nice, new mazda....but it did not have an aux ipod jack...ok, no biggie..this car was sweet....ran well, looked good, etc.... I was assurd my oneday rntal was free, the remaning four days reduced to half price...great!!! I return the car four days later,. on time, in mint condition, with a full tank of gas..they gave it to me initaly with 1\/3 tank filled....the car was fine, but the price discount they quoted me was incorrect..they lied straight to my face at the rental location in Goodyear-claiming they nevrt guarnteed me 4 days at half price, onlyone!!! So after ome debate it was reduced afew dollars, that was it..I just wanted to get home, and on my flight a few hours later....Once back at home I wrote to the enterprise Corp..a rep. from the main branch in Phoenix phoned me ... he was on the ball this guy, agreed with all of my complants...gave me the full agreed upon 1\/2 price with ad ay free rental..car cost me under 70.00 for 5 days..but man, the hassels involved left a sour taste in my mouth....I would not recomend the Goodyear location...they are incompetant at best, and non trustworthy. I've had better luck with other Enterprises around the country. Thy are not all as corrupt as this one....it was alearning experience to say the least.\n\nPS. As I was checkignout of the Goodyear enterprise location, a fellow customer was complaning that his rental car from them,t he same location had bad brakes, he believed the car was once in an accident!!! I shook his hand.