This place is a joke. I really don't want to write this lengthy review because it will just get me all worked up and I don't want to spend a Sunday like that.\nHere's the deal: we rented from them for around 2-3 years, in that time the following happened:\n\n-The front desk lady tried to steal a cell phone that was sent there (due to insurance on the phone...it said what it was on the outside of the package). She acted like it wasn't delivered, then I actually kicked it under her desk.\n\n-Bugs. Bugs and more bugs. We would ask to get sprayed and they acted like it was a massive inconvience for their staff. \n\n-Maintence staff was horrible. They ALWAYS smelled like stale cigarettes and were NEVER friendly. My dishwasher broke 3 times, and flooded the kitchen all 3 times, apparently that was my fault. It was never fixed in 3 years.\n\n-Final straw: move out. Long story short, we moved out and they told us we did not need to do a final walk-thru since the Mgr was busy; but to leave the keys with her and check our contact info. We did. If there was any discrepencies they would contact us. The wife and I spent 5 days (8 hours a piece) cleaning, painting, shampooing carpet, etc. Almost 8 months later we receive a letter from an attorney's office saying that we owe the apartment complex almost $3,000 in damages-having never contacted us. \nWhen we contacted the apartment complex, they said they were not legally allowed to talk to us, but assured me that if it had been turned over to a lawyer that they had attempted to contact us at LEAST 3 times (2 phone calls and 1 by US Mail), none were received. They had wrote down our address in-correctly (2890 instead of 2809, even though it WAS correct on the sheet). They also ASSUMED my cell phone area code was 702, but it is not and never was (also on the sheet). \nWe settled with a collection agency in the long run....\n\nThis place is horrible, do not treat people like people, and were never ever friendly.\nI will always let people know to not rent here due to the way I was treated.