From time to time I find myself wandering into Headquarters after placing an order at El Pollo Supremo. They've got a great selection of smoking accoutrement, hookah stuff (their shisha's supposedly really good), and lots of fun merch. Since I'm no longer pursuing an undergraduate degree in anthropology, I really don't have any reason to frequent a headshop. (Minds out of the gutter, it was ethnographic research...honest.) But it's a fun way to pass the time if you find yourself in this plaza with an extra couple of minutes.\n\nThere's always some kind of deal going on with the non-smoke merchandise. Buy one get one posters\/sunglasses\/shirts\/etc. The same thing can be said for the pipes and such but I've failed to take notice of what exactly they were. If nothing else, you should stop by just to see some of the showpieces they have on display. Some of them are so intricate that I have a really hard time believing they're blown glass!\n\nMost of their merchandise is a bit classier than the Rastachouli garbage you'll pay out the nose for at the smokeshops on Mill. No fantasy land dragon-shaped ashtrays and forty dollar tie dyed tees. (Although there will always be the requisite Marley merchandise!) I've bought a pair of nice sunglasses here for dirt cheap in the past and some of their apparel is pretty reasonably priced.\n\nCompared to the competition up Mill, this place has a really good vibe going. Trails and Hippie Gypsy often reek so hard of nag champa and corporate shame that it's hard to stomach them, even at passing whiff. This place is really bright and colorful, managing to steer clear of the burnout\/aging hippie vibe. Way classier than the liquor-porn-a-crack-pipe palooza that is DJ's and other smaller dingy shops. The staff is really helpful as well, managing to be present and ready without being overly intrusive and dead set on the sell. \n\nSo if you're checking out Eastside Records or waiting for your chicken order next door, swing by Headquarters. You might be presently surprised.