I had to come here to change my name post wedding. I was dreading coming here and dealing with the whole name change fiasco and long lines. I looked online and downloaded the form ahead of time. I had it all filled out before I got there and decided to bite the bullet and head in. I set a goal to get this done in six months and I was already pushing my own deadline. Yikes!\n\nI walked in and the security guard directed me to the self-check in kiosk on the back wall. I followed the prompts and took my number. I had 50+ people ahead of me (long sigh). I came in the afternoon and this place was overflowing.  My wait time equated to 80 minutes (give or take). I did my best to entertain myself. I would suggest you bring a magazine or book if you're arriving later in the day like I did. \n\nI jumped to it once they called my number. I arrived at my assigned window with paperwork completed and all the required documentation (marriage certificate, DL, old SS card etc) in hand and ready to roll. The gentleman helping me was delightful and gave me some tips on places to visit in Puerto Rico (where I was married). At that point, it took one signature and quick confirmation of my info to complete the change. He stated I was smart to come in (vs mailing forms\/documentation) since it would be a faster process completing everything in person (score). He provided my receipt and I was out the door. I received my new card a week and half after my visit. Now, it's time to head for the DMV (ugh). \n\nHot Tips: \n\nIt's never fun to visit a government office. Come prepared with items to entertain yourself during the long wait. \n\nGo online a see what types of documents you need ahead of time. Fill them out at home and have everything ready to go when you get there. My handwriting stinks and this saved time by having everything typed so the workers didn't have to decrypt my poor penmanship.\n\nCome early and avoid the lines that I suffered through during my mid-afternoon visit.  \n\nThis was a 2 star visit for the office. They had 19 windows and only a handful open (boo). I bumped them to 3 stars because the gentleman helping me was so upbeat, helpful and friendly.