From the moment you walk in, you can tell this is going to be a fun place. Then you sit down and get the menu, and every hope is fulfilled. It's covered back and front with little jokes, quips, slang, and general fun. In fact, the entire front is just artwork. That's an attitude that continues throughout the meal and the place - fun, N'Awlins style backcountry relaxed cookin'. \n\nJazz plays loudly enough to be fun but not too loud to be disturbing from under the neon. There's lots of tables so you probably won't have to wait long (there was no wait for us on a Saturday night). Get ready for some fun!\n\nOne of my very few complaints is that the drink menu doesn't have prices. But it DOES feature some very generous servings. Good luck finishing the gator punch with only 2 or 4 people! \n\nEverything on the menu looks amazing to be honest. I couldn't resist trying the gator tail, and it's by far the best made gator I've ever had. Gator can be very chewy, but they sliced it thin, spiced, and cooked it to perfection. \n\nWe also got the crawfish fondue appetizer, which is decent, but you DEFINITELY should get it with a side of \"ouch\" sauce. In fact get everything you order with ouch sauce. And then get some ouch sauce for your ouch sauce. It's not very spicy, but it's amazingly tasty. \n\nMy friend got the stuffed shrimp which were also good but less filling. And the desserts looked amazing but we were as stuffed as the shrimp. The only change I'd make is getting a different side than green beans. \n\nThe prices are excellent as well. The food is way better than anything you could get at TGI fridays, Olive Garden, or the like, and it's probably cheaper. It's also much more unique than those places. \n\nAs noted, the music is a great complement to the atmosphere. It's still somehow quiet enough to carry on conversation at a nice volume. Magic. And all the decor is super well done. \n\n\nApparently the only other place this chain exists is Texas. So enjoy this gem, Charlotte! You got super lucky they decided to open one here, for whatever reason. It's fantastic.