Im seriously inlove with this MALL.\n\nEvery time i go to Toronto i usually end up going to this mall. I love the stores although they're a little over priced with most of the stuff.  I do recommend coming here during the weekdays when it's really not busy so you can browse around freely without bumping to anyone.  \n\nThe main reason why i go to this mall.\n1) Asian MAKEUP! i always wait to go to this mall for make ups and avoid online delivery fees. Honestly, it is a little pricey but there are some stores that i know they sell them cheap. You just have to find and browse around.  Usually the stores that are  on the edge of the mall are the cheap make up stores with the same brand you'll see from the stores.  I recently bough an electric eye curler since i dont' like to use the normal curlers and let me tell you; it works wonders. Then i have my favourite store which is the FACESHOP, i usually go there to get my BB Creams but now that there is one at Square One, i can go to that mall and get them. \n\n2) FOOD! - their food is probably one of the reasons why i go there too.  The beef balls and tripes are sooo good! I usually get 5 orders of each and sometimes ends up taking them home.  Of course everyone can't forget about \"REAL FRUIT\" they serve real fruits for drinks and i mostly order either avocado or mango with tapioca sometimes. \n\n3) PHONE CASES - Half of the stores SELLS CELLPHONE CASES and there are store that sells them over priced.  Letting all the viewers knows that the store \"BABE\" something OVER PRICE their screen protectors and some called \" labor \" when they do it for you.  Please, im not bout spending 20$ where you can get it for cheap.  I usually get mine done at a small cellphone shop on the far right edge stores with the other cellphone stores.  They only charge me 5$ and the screen protector, i always get it with sparkles ( im an sg3 user ) - usually when i go back to that store, its a different girl and she would tell me that it's 8$ but i tell her that i got it done for 5$ and she would give it to me. \n\n4) Lastly, i get my polaroid mini films there since I HATE paying online delivery fees and they over charge the films online...even on EBAY and im a big EBAY buyer.  \n\nI come here most of the time when im bored...i havent gone to Pacific Mall just by myself or even if i do; i try not to spend a lot of money.  But its Pacific Mall...you're going to end up spending your money away anyways.