OK..Two 5 star reviews with way to much detail.  Nice to have good friends in the restaurant business!\n\nLet me start off by saying at least my server was nice.\n\nWhen I saw a place going in at the Old Chicago building I was happy.  My area needed a decent sit down place.  Then when I became friends with them on Facebook I was even more happy.  They stated that they were going to have lots of craft beer on tap.  EVEN BETTER.\n\nWell after 3 weeks or so of being open the wife and I decided to give the place a try for happy hour.  Ummmmmmmm.....Ok, so the place looks like Old Chicago with a nice paint job and bit more country to it.  I have no problem with that. So off to the bar we go to get some craft beer.  Well Out of something like 20 taps they waste 1\/2 of them doubling up on Bud, Bud Light, Coors, Light, Miller Light, Mich Ultra and Blue Moon.  WHAT?  16 taps of the same crappy beer?  Yes I know the excuse will be speed when they are busy, but come on 16 taps of the worst beers you can have?  The remaining taps had a few San Tan's a Guinness, the new Apple Orchard Craze and a Grand Canyon and I am sure a few more that I forgot to name. WHOOPIE.  I can get San Tan up the road about 2 blocks (with far better food, that part is coming).  So right off the bat not a good vibe.  \n\nSo they have this great happy hour, 1\/2 off apps.  I love it.  As I am drinking my Sex Panther (well it sure as hell ain't going to be a Coors Light) we decide on Fried Pickles and Rib Tips.  Our waitress (Again the bright spot of the eve) informed us that they had a 5 star chef doing the cooking!  Sounds great.\n\nWell the pickles came out and they were OK.  The dipping sauce after a few minutes began to get a film over top of it.  So my wife asked for ranch dressing.  After about 10 minutes of waiting for the manger to bring it, we asked the bar back and he brought it right over.  Honestly, the WORST ranch dressing I have ever tasted in my life, it actually tasted fishy.  \n\nOn to the rib tips.  Our first order came and I bit into it, not even luke warm.  The bartender asks how they were we said not really hot, so back they went.  This time the manager brings them out and...not even luke warm again.  5 star chef must have the night off.  So now our bar back notices were not eating them and asks whats up and we tell them this is the second time they are not hot.  So back they go and literally 2 minutes later back they come.  Watch out the top plate is hot he tells us.  Yes of course it is as you just microwaved my food.  \n\nNot going well.  Still hungry we decided (why I don't know) to order some more food.  My wife went with the Mac & Cheese and I went with some wings.  The mac and cheese was the winner of the night, decent, but needed seasoning.  The wing's I got were 1\/2 Daytona Buffalo wings and 1\/2 Garlic Parmesan Wings.  The Daytona wings is a mixture of Buffalo sauce and BBQ sauce.  They were fine, not great not horrible, but as a person who LOVES wings not ones I would get again. Oh by the way, not hot again, just warm.   As far as these other things, THE WORST I EVER TASTED.  First the sauce was this white milky substance that looked like as my wife put it, the chef had a \"party\" on your wings.  GROSS.  But like the trooper I am I tasted them.  No flavor, none, nada zip.  No garlic, no cheese just this white milky goo.  PASS one and done.\n\nI really wanted to like this place, I want our neighborhood to get some good joints with decent food.  Not this time.  \n\nThankfully Zipps will be opening soon!