Beautiful place, nice ambiance. Ok drinks. Music could be better. The waitress was dressed very provocatively (large breasts falling out of the top of her dress- showing her panties each time she bent over- which was often)- it appeared that many ladies on dates felt uncomfortable, arms crossed immediately with the men looking at the ground... Probably more uncomfortable for the guys really- because one wrong glance or blink and that date is over! \n\nIf this is the vibe Merc Bar is going for then... well done I guess.  I will say, it is awkward when a girls large boobs are coming out of her top and she keeps bending down with her chest in your date's face... kudos to her for being an attractive young lady, but it's a bit much when it makes the guests uncomfortable. \n\nAlso,  as one woman left her table to use the restroom, I watched the waitress flirt and stroke her husband's arm up and down as she gave him the check... I have a feeling if the wife saw that.... well, I'm happy she didn't, because you just don't know how people are gonna react to that disrespectful, intrusive behavior. It knocked the place down a couple notches- not quite Hooters vibe or strip club lounge- Maybe Champagne room? I really did wonder if I got up to use the restroom, would this girl come over to feel my guy up too? I didn't like that one bit. It wasn't a good feeling to have out with your significant other- and unfortunately, this is the memory I so strongly took away. Then again, it was also interesting watching the guy that somehow ended up on a date with a transexual squirm in the corner as she insisted on playing with his hair and trying to kiss on his neck... That must have been an internet date, lol!\n\nAlso, regarding the service, each time we would ask questions about the drinks the waitress would have to go ask the bartender. It's a specialty cocktail lounge- we aren't liquor micro-biologists asking for a chemical analysis of their concoctions- just regular basic questions. It would have been nice if she would have had some level of knowledge and training- given the niche and price points. \\ \n\nAll in all- I remember when this place was hot, back in the day- when I don't think I was even old enough to drink. It's still a nice place, but there are so many more options in this town now. Urbanity in Phoenix is progressing- gotta keep up with the times Merc Bar. When my barista knowns more about the soymilk in my Latte than this chick knows about a fresh squeezed lemon in a cocktail we have an issue. \n\nAs for the drinks... They were okay. I wasn't blown away by the choices. We ended up going to Sidebar afterwards- I love their muddled blueberrry whiskey sour- house made. Delicious! The drinks were better at Sidebar and the vibe was a little more modern less stripclub\/2001 Scottsdale nightclub.\n\nSorry Merc.