Have you ever been served by someone who's drunk? Well....I have.... \n\nI'm not talking about your drunk friend wobbling over to hand you a plate of food out of her kitchen. Or the bartender who's drinking along with you. I'm talking about an actual server at a restaurant...for lunch. \n\nIf I didn't find it so amusing I would have been SO irritated. Thankfully, it's just one of those times you're just a spectator in a funny comedy of errors. I've been served by this woman before, and it seems that she may be an owner or manager. Someone who's obviously able to imbibe on the wine during work hours. Oh, and she was definitely tipsy last time...this time....it was party time drunk! \n\nSo Drunky McDrunkster kept forgetting to bring us our drinks, our water and our bread. She also messed up our orders by forgetting what they were and then running back to find out what we had asked for. Then our orders came and both my friends \"sangaweeches\" where wrong. They were gracious enough to just eat them and not care. They agreed that they weren't bad, but they weren't t life changing either. Everyone wants a life changing meal! \n\nI've been here once before for lunch as well and wasn't too impressed. I got the pasta vodka the first time and it was ok. Not mind blowing...obviously how I like my pasta to be! \n\nThis time I just ordered an anti pasta salad. I thought it was an interesting twist to add dried cranberries and walnuts with absolutely no cheese (boo!). The bread was actually really delish! That was probably my favorite part...well...other than the drunk server. \n\nThe really surprising part about McDrunkster is that the wine they sell is NOT good. They've started to make their own and it just tasted as if the ingredients didn't mesh like they should. I've meet a couple wine's I don't particularly like, but I've never meet a wine I can't even stand to sip. I'll take my cheap Yellow Tail if that's the case! \n\nSo more power to you lady, if you can enjoy your job, with a bottle of wine included daily. I just don't think I'll be back to eat. Maybe just spectate!