I very much wanted to find a male compassionate doctor in Phoenix.  I spent days searching reviews and finally decided to make an appointment with Dr. Cipolla.  Upon arrival I was greeted by a man who I realized quickly was the doctor himself.  I did the normal check in, gave him my medical records, insurance card, drivers license and debit card. Filled everything out and then waited to see the doctor.  I told Dr. Cipolla that I was seeking to establish medical care and needed someone who was primary care and internal medicine both.  \n\nMy visit with the doctor was unremarkable, rushed & weird. He asked me to give him the \"Readers Digest\" version  of my medical past.  Hum, the Readers Digest version?  I am searching for a doctor who can spend a little time with me and get to know me and to give him the readers digest version is almost impossible.  However, I did my best. He listened (sort of) spewed out his version of my situation, gave a skimming look over, (open mouth, lifted my shirt, laid me down on my back, tapped my stomach, pulled out of my private parts from my pants -- looked around and sat me up).\n\nWe talked a few more seconds, he left the room and came back with lab orders in which I was supposed to take to an outside lab to have my blood drawn.  I asked him, \"Why do you not draw blood here?\"  He didn't explain and walked away. \n\nOnce, I got to the front desk I realized that my insurance card and DL were missing and asked for them to be returned.  I also had to ask for my medical records to be returned and I was told he wanted them.  I asked them to take a copy of what he needed and return my originals. The front desk person seemed annoyed that I would request my records back.  (At this point I wasn't sure if I trusted this facility to leave 20 years of medical records with them) \"Give them back now I said.\"  She eventually found them and returned them.  I was then told I would be charged 178.00 for this office visit and I know I only pay 54.00 per visit each time I go to the doctor.  She argued with me and told me that was their rate and I again told her I wasn't comfortable with that rate and I know my insurance covers all but $54.00 (co-pay). She said she would look into it and let me know.  \n\nI asked the office manager if they did or did not draw blood in the office.  She seemed as if she was ashamed of the answer.  \"No, not usually. We usually send our clients to another facility for that.\"  I told her I was not wanting to go to another place to have blood drawn and that I've never had to do such a thing before in any other doctors office.   I left the office visit feeling sick to my stomach, confused and extremely annoyed.  \n\nI did go to Sonora Quest to have my blood drawn and when I arrived I felt like I was at the Drivers License department. I walked to the front desk and was told to take a ticket and that there was a 2-hour wait!  Hell NO I thought!  I walked out. \n\nWhat kind of doctors office are you running Dr. Cipolla?  It felt very SELF SERVING AND LAZY to me.  Your office staff is overwhelmed, rude and un-compassionate. When asking them very specific questions I only heard a SMOKE SCREEN  of information coming from a talking head at the front desk.  \n\nI won't be back nor will I refer you to anyone.  \n\nLastly, before you unzip someone's pants you may want to ask them if it's ok to pull out their male genitalia before hand.  It seemed you just wanted to take a look for yourself, or you felt very entitled.  Because, I am not sure what my penis had to do with this visit?  \n\nI left your office feeling violated, unsafe, annoyed and confused at what had just happened.  This is not someone or a place that I put my medical trust in.\n\nBeware Folks - There is something really wrong with this place.