So YES the Poke tour just hit another stop last week. Sweet Poke is one of the latest additions to the Poke action. I always get fired up talking Poke because its one of my favorite things too eat!!! \n\nSweet Poke the concept is not much different then other Poke restaurants. It build your own style either bowl or burrito action. Or you can order from one off the menu. I ended up going with the 808 bowl for my first time. It combination of spicy tuna and tuna. If ur a fan of tuna this is the one would want to get if picking from the menu. The base I went with White Rice (Chips, Brown Rice, Salad, Organic Tofu, Half-Half), Protein since menu got two different tuna (Tuna, Yellowtail, Salmon, Cooked Salmon, Soft Shell Crab, Scallop, Shrimp, Unagi), and the topping get choose (Crab, Spicy Tuna). The last step the Sauces (Chipotle Mayo, Eel Sauce, Wasabi Aioli, Ginger Shoyu, Wasabi Yuzu, Sweet Poke House Sauce, Creamy Japapeno, Yum Yum Sauce, Creamy Ceviche, Red Anticucho Sauce, Sesame Shoyu). So there definitely not a shortage of options or whatever your Poke combination desires! \n\nThe bowls come in either reg or large. I went with the large bowl. Talk about LOT of food. The price for the most part is the same at all the Poke places checked out in Vegas. Some feel not get as much but at Sweet Poke get your money worth. They ask if want furikake on your rice. It might be only 808 thing but not many Poke places offer extra treat on top of your rice. I got bed of lettuce on top of the rice then started putting together the bowl. The tuna believe had the sweet poke house sauce. It had mayo base and super ono. Talk about nice size pieces of tuna. I have this rule with Poke. To start freshness is EVERYTHING and Sweet Poke least for the both tuna (my first visit trust me many more..) fresh, delicious, and legit style 808 poke. Second the cut of the tuna tells me whether they know meaning of Poke. I hate seeing minced tuna pan off as Poke. It should be decent size diced cubes of fresh fish. Sweet Poke it was right between nice diced but nothing tiny. The spicy tuna they just different style so not expecting it diced. Both tuna could just have bowl of each and be in Poke bliss. The toppings again not much different except always couple different ones see from one place to another. I loaded my bowl up with seaweed salad, edamame, cucumbers, and avacado. Lot more you can choose from so am sure something for everyone. Cucumbers, Edamame, and Avacado slices all nice and fresh!!! \n\nAll the workers were awesome the whole time being my first visit. They explained everything clearly, and guiding me each step putting my bowl together. The whole staff super friendly. Really the minute walked in warm greeting, never rushed, and not doubt five star service. I love the interior. They have couple professional pictures of the food on the walls single shots. The minute walk in tell new building, new restaurant, and hell of clean just opened. Decent amount of places that can sit down eat unlike other spots. \n\nSweet Poke out of all the new ones really stands out for me. I will be back.