Do not, I repeat, DO NOT use this company. Unless you have great patience and the fortitude to deal with ineptness, unprofessionalism and unfriendly customer service.\n\nOur designer ordered some envelopes for our business -- just a simple logo on simple white envelopes. A very simple task. Well, not when you're dealing with these dolts. \n\nFirstly, they send us a HUGE box with just half the order.  And that box in itself was late by about a week. So they had to credit us some $ for that (so much for the \"overnight\" part of their name, which implied speedy service). \n\nSecondly, the other box is lost in transit. When we call them, the female customer service person who took my call was one of the rudest CS people I've dealt with (and that's saying a lot!). Honestly, it sounded like she probably gets so many complaint phone calls that she's absolutely burnt out. Anyway, she told me she would open an investigation and would contact us in about 7 business days. That was about 2-3 weeks ago. And nothing. \n\nThen last week, my designer gets an email telling him that a box was \"returned\" to them and he doesn't know why. WTF? Don't these people have internal communication? Don't they note on the order screen the problems that people are calling them about. Well, both my designer and myself email this person back letting them know that this box needs to be shipped to us ASAP (this is now over a month since we placed our order) and not a peep back from him. \n\nAnyway, we are still waiting for that other box that mysteriously never arrived, and mysteriously was returned to them. I believe the entire thing is a lie. When the order was late at the beginning of this entire process, my designer called and they told him something about the printing process taking longer because such and such a reason. Then my colleague called and it was a completely different excuse.\n\nNeedless to say, we will NEVER do business with this shoddy company. Dear reader, if you appreciate professionalism STAY AWAY, STAY AWAY!