David Duncan, from a far, looks like a ginger bread house. It is oddly placed in the middle of modern buildings such as the Bayview Glen High school and the Kraft building. However, it is somewhat comforting to enter a world of tradition and classic foods after a long day of work. \n\nIntro. I believe this house is a historical icon and you can read the history in the menu. Inside is dark (they always draw the curtains even on bright sunny days) with the complimentary dark wood panelling, Tiffany-esque light fixtures and old-fashioned furniture. There are 3 levels to the restaurant but my parents and I always like to sit upstairs by the fireplace. Waiters are always dressed in tuxedo suits, the sort of place ones grandparents would go dressed in their Sunday best. \n\nFood. What can I say. David Duncan will always have a special place in my family's hearts. We have spent many a Sunday dinner's here, midweek dinner's, special celebratory events and even a pre-wedding party. You always get a basket of warm garlic bread with condiments of olives, pickles, and my fave, cottage cheese. The combination of warm bread and cool cottage cheese, is strangely, a piece of heaven?! \n\nI always have the Duck L'orange or Prime Rib, lighter cut. The Duck, I hate to admit, is hit or miss, but when it is a hit, the skin is crispy and portions are generous. Dishes are always served with soup or salad, and with your meal, the usual variety of potatos (baked, mashed or boiled), rice or vegetables. So, in other words, you don't have to order any additional salads or appetizers as for my mom, one meal contains a lot. However, if you are particularly hungry, the Cesar salad is really good (they prepare it right in front of you) and if you have not tried escargots, the snails are quite lovely here as well (they lightly toast the escargots in front of you...and by toast, I mean they put alcohol on the snails and torch it for a second. So, in addition to good food, you also get a fire show!) \n\nAs an ode to tradition, my dad and I always have the Peach Melba which is such a Betty-Crocker, American type of dessert. It basically is canned peaches, vanilla ice cream, cherries jubilee and strawberry sauce, a Diabetic's worst nightmare, but my heaven. \n\nAmbiance. David Duncan for me represents tradition, happy family memories and a place still very much caught in the time of yesteryear. I would recommend this for dates, although not trendy or modern, the whole atmosphere is rather charming. Sometimes, when I feel like I have had enough of modernness, I come to David Duncan as my safe haven. (Waiters here have not changed - its like they have seen me from yea high to now). \n\nIf you don't feel like going downtown, and are looking for a nice place to go for some steak (aside from the Keg), I would highly recommend David Duncan. It has the whole package: atmosphere, good food, and ambiance. I find you do get a lot for your money with all the additions that you would normally have to order (such as soup and salad) at other restaurants. \n\nParking. There is free parking within the David Duncan compound.