I currently view McDonald's as more of a restaurant serving inexpensive snacks than meals. In my opinion, McDonald's is a level or few below the fast food powerhouses starring In N Out, Raising Cane's, and Panda Express. When dinner is far in the horizon and I want to calm my appetite, I order off the McDonald's $1 menu as I look forward to a better meal. The $1 menu features large fountain Coke beverages, a sausage buritto, a hot & spicy chicken sandwich, a double cheeseburger,  small coffee, and other foods.\n\n   Both my check-ins here were when I hiked on the Angel Park Trail system. This McDonald's is convenient to the Angel Park Trail system; which includes the Bonanza Trail, Kellogg Sport's Complex, and Lone Mountain Trail. The restaurant is a convenient respite from outdoor activities. To reach this McDonald's from the Angel Park Trail system; from Bonanza Trail which is really the east spur of Angel Park Trail to you'd walk past the Kellogg Sport's Complex, walk under the Buffalo Drive tunnel and after the K-Mart turn left on Lone Mountain Trail. After Crossing Washington Avenue with a pedestrian signal, you'd turn left and McDonald's is on the right.\n\n  As far as location,  I am curious why McDonald's passed over building the restaurant at the corner of Buffalo at Washington. The existing restaurant a few thousand feet east of Buffalo Drive on Washington Avenue is out of sight lines for motorists driving on Buffalo Drive one traffic signal north of Summerlin Parkway. Then again being McDonald's there is another location a couple of traffic lights north at Buffalo and Lake Mead Boulevard.  \n\n  This is an older McDonald's. This is not surprising considering it is near Kmart. There is no theme. Just a basic McDonald's with a dining and indoor playground area.\n\n  The two check-ins in this basic McDonald's were for a snack. On my first check-in,  I quaffed down the limited time Chocolate strawberry Frape. It was a yummy caffeine boost at a cost of $4 and 600-plus calories. Fortunately this was the halfway point of my hike and I'd burn some of it off. On my follow-up check-in,  I snacked on a Hot & Spicy Chicken with a large Coke. The Coke was flat. That is a no no! If the service wasn't decent and there wasn't a manager presence, this review would fall flat of 3 stars and sink to 2 stars. \n\n  I try to review places when I am a regular. Now that I am a Duke that will probably see that status fade at this location, it is time to emphasize that this is a decent restaurant for a snack or light meal off the Angel Park Trail system and in the vicinity of Washington at Buffalo.