I don't really go for nice hotels (as long as there's a bed & a shower I'm happy), but my papi decided he would take me here for a night for the experience. He chose this because this hotel is... Caesar's Palace! Caesar lived here! Of course we'd love to experience this, too.\n\nChecking in took forever. We were unaware that you can check in thru text 24 hrs prior to your check in day, so we didn't do that. It took 45 mins before we can have our room keys and the bellhop to take our bags to the room. And so we enter the room... \n\nIt was nice! I loved it! There's a bed, a purple couch... Ooops. The couch has a stain. We check out the bathroom. A tv in the mirror too! Just like the Flamingo! And the spa tub? None. The view? The strip... If not for the Colosseum blocking it. The comforter looked dusty-white, and the hidden part of it under the pillows were white-white. I wonder when they last washed these linen! Papi got confused. Our room should come with a spa tub and all the works. So he called guest services. \n\nThey said we can either stay in this room and we will be given a $50 credit towards food and beverage, or move to our new room. We asked if we can get a credit towards gaming instead. No, they can't do that. So we decide to move to another room instead because we have the Buffet of Buffets and we don't need their f'n food credit, our faces are already stuffed. And we have to use it within our visit. \n\n48 years later, our bellhop has not arrived yet. We came in at this hotel at 1pm, and it is now 3pm.\n\nSo... We FINALLY went to our new room. I know this hotel have different towers but this ours was just a freaking far walk! But, when I got in the new room, voila!!! It's twice the size of the other room! The bathroom is the size of our apartment living room. You can actually put a couch in there and a love seat and there will still be room for our flat screen... and the spa tub! No stains on the couches this time... And our view was the pool... or should I say pools. Pools of glory. Super fancy!\n\nBut.\nI would not have stayed here if not for the deal my husband found. I would come back to say hi to Caesar and maybe to try the Qua Spa (good reviews), but not to book a room. \n\nUnless somebody else pays for it.