My experience was pretty bad. Very poor customer service and management. The cake and latte I had were okay but I will not be back.\n \nThis place closes way earlier than they claim on yelp and on their front door. You must arrive 30-45 minutes before the posted closing hours or you will not be welcomed. \n\nI try avoid showing up last minute but I've had several instances recently where I show up about 30 minutes tell close which I think is plenty of time. 30 minutes tell close for fine dining is a little rude, I don't do that, but for coffee, dessert, or to go orders I think is fine. I'm a little spoiled I'll admit but I feel that good establishment will happily let people in 5 minutes before close and not rush you or even hint that you are out of line for showing up late. Poorly managed places like Patio Desserts don't care about your business and close way earlier than posted.\n \nWhy rush good customers if the staff has to be there cleaning anyway? I don't get it. \n\nI said I was just looking for a small latte and quick dessert. She said she could make the latte and offer some cake. \n\nI got my order with 23 minutes tell close but they wrapped it to go, again they had about 12 people in the place sure didn't want me there. It only took me 10 minutes to eat the cake and was easily able to leave with 13 minutes tell close. I did all this and took lots of pictures with captions. \n\nIt's important for us yelp'ers to note several things, which restaurants offer good service and won't rush you out in the final hours, and what the 'actual hours of operation' are since places like this and Trevi close at least 30 minutes early. \n\nIt would be so easy to tell people they have a limited menu during the last half hour. Or just don't close your kitchen early if you say you are open, that is best thing to do. \n\nThis places tries so hard on the decor to make you feel comfortable. The offer comfort food. But they don't want you to be comfortable. Coffee and dessert should be served with love and respect. \n\nIf you've read this far you may need to get some coffee to wake you back up. Hope this review was helpful, thanks for reading. \n\nTake care!