True fact: I haven't been to a Mad Mex in over two years.  As you might guess from reading my review of the Shadyside Mad Mex, this is because I've generally been unimpressed with the quality of the food, and I'm not a fan of super-noisy places. However, I'd heard rumors, beginning last year, of a curious and delicious seasonal entree known as the Gobblerito--a burrito filled with turkey, stuffing, and mashed potatoes, with cranberry sauce on the side.  This fall, I vowed to try this chimeric creation, and receiving a $5 off coupon for being on the Big Burrito mailing list sealed the deal.  So, last night, I ventured over to the Oakland Mad Mex, which I'd never visited before, with a friend to consume the beast.\n\nMy friend and I started off with 12 oz. pumpkin pie margaritas--this month's margarita flavor--which, thanks to happy hour, were discounted to $3 each.  They were all right, but not quite as flavorful as other margarita flavors I've tried at Mad Mex.  After perusing the menu, she decided to order the portobello enchiladas, whereas I, needless to say, ordered the gobblerito.  Our food came out about 10-15 min. after ordering, and the food runners confused our orders, which I quickly (and passionately) corrected.  The gobblerito, while pretty substantial, wasn't as gargantuan as I'd pictured it--its dimensions were roughly 5\"x8\".  While it was quite delicious, savory, and interesting, I wasn't quite as blown away as I'd hoped to be by the experience.  I found the amount of gravy on it rather skimpy, and the contents weren't evenly distributed throughout the burrito. It was still pretty yummy, however!  Surprisingly, I was able to devour the whole thing in one sitting--although I considered stopping 3\/4 of the way through but decided against it, given that there wouldn't have been sufficient leftovers to justify another meal.\n\nAlthough I didn't try my friend's enchilada, since I was too busy putting away the gobblerito, she told me that it was quite delicious.  However, she pointed out to me that, when she took out the leftovers for her lunch today, she found small pieces of chicken in it, which she hadn't noticed last night due to the dim lighting.  Fortunately, she isn't vegetarian, so this wasn't an issue for her, but this leads me to question their practices when it comes to vegetarian food preparation.\n\nService was generally good, although it was pretty busy at the time of our visit (6pm).  We were able to get a table right away with no problem.  As for the atmosphere, similar to the Shadyside location, it was quite dark and boisterous, but much smaller and more intimate.\n\nOverall, eating the gobblerito was an interesting experience, and I'd definitely recommend trying it if you haven't before.  It was good enough that I'd probably do it again next year--especially if I receive another coupon--but not perfect by any means.  Truth be told, the gobblerito is about the only food-related reason I'd revisit Mad Mex--though I'd be willing to come back for the margaritas, for sure!