3.5 stars... cute spot in Leslieville to grab some ice cream that breaks from the typical chocolate and vanilla.\n\nBrett's has been on my radar for a while because they shot up on social media for their cones.  They brought up the Konery cones over the American border.  Their claim to fame is the flavour... Yes they are are flavours of cake!  You'll find them in bold vibrant crayola shades and flavours to perk up your summer scoop.  They had everything from birthday cake, red velvet, matcha, and creamsicle.  It is a premium at an extra $2 on top.  It makes for an pretty shot but I was more interested in the ice cream.  \n\nThe store is a nice and well lit light spot with a few spots to sit inside.  It definitely has a few wall spaces to give you a nice background for that instagram shot.  Service here is pretty friendly and ready to give you some samples to try.  It seems that their vendor from Muskoka has over 30 flavours to choose from.  In their glass case, they had 16 so they have a lot of rotations over the summer.  I have  agree that the flavours are nice and light... especially the frozen yogurt and sorbet.  They're not creamy (and not meant to be) but they give you a light sweet chilled bite to keep you from melting in the heat.  I also like how a scoop can be split into 2 flavours ... there were a lot of nice flavours to want but my tummy can only be so big.\n\nPimm's Strawberry Cucumber sorbet - A step up from your regular grocery store sorbet, this one is a refreshing berry bite.  Pimm's should be a herbal and citrus flavour.  I have to be honest, I didnt taste them or the cucumber necessarily but I liked how this icy sorbet wasn't overly sugary.  Yes, this isnt creamy but it's not meant to be.  Think of it closer to a granita and you got it.  3.5\/5\n\nBlueberry Lavender frozen yogurt - Another above average scoop that didnt overwhelm the fruit flavour.  I have to admit I like the berry flavours taking centre stage and not using a lot of sugar to create these flavours.  This one was more of a gentle blueberry.  It mentions it has lavender but if there was a floral note, it's incredibly subtle to the point I didnt taste it.  With a little more creamy texture than the sorbet, this is a good scoop to enjoy in the heat.  3.5\/5\n\nThere isnt many spots in Leslieville for ice creams so Brett's fills that spot nicely and with their above average flavours, I feel this is a good neighbourhood spot.  They also have a lot of flavous for their popsicles.  Maybe next time I'll try their Thai coffee.