Most of these early reviews seem to be written by the type of Yelp writers that make me hate Yelp writers (\"I specifically asked for water with NO ICE, and there was ICE. ZERO STARS.\"), but I'm going to have to pile on a bit as well.\n\nMy biggest pet peeve by far was found in my room. The room itself was mostly fine. Nothing crazy impressive and kinda small compared to what you find as a standard at most places nowadays, but it did the job, even if I could very clearly see how the old Sahara construction was still evident in things like the air vents. (I also cannot imagine how they are going to keep the white couches and chair looking clean as the tourists roll in.) All that said, the real deal breaker for me was the a\/c. When I'm in Vegas, I want my room to be dark, and I want to be able to make my room cold for my recovery cocoon, especially during the summer. The a\/c was not even close to being up to that task. I had the thing set on auto\/hi with a set temp of something ridiculous like 50 degrees just to see if it would work, and I could never get the temperature of the room to drop below 71 - and that was only after I had it running for 7 hours with no one in the room whatsoever. The lowest I could get it with me in there was closer to 73. Again, this temp is fine for daily going-about-your-business, but not when trying to sleep or when I want an arctic chill surrounding me. The fact that the system was clearly incapable of even coming close to hitting the actual target is honestly enough to keep me from staying there again.\n\nAs far as the property overall, on the Vegas spectrum, I'd put the experience as something closer to a Planet Hollywood, which is fine, but not for the prices they're currently charging, especially for the far-flung location. I had a car with me for this trip, but I would never stay here if I knew I had to rely on cabs and\/or the monorail alone. You're just too far from everything if you ever plan on leaving the property's grounds more than once a day\/night.\n\nAs others have mentioned, the casino itself had exposed \"industrial\" ceilings, which may work in some venues, but just left the whole place feeling a bit unfinished. In general, there wasn't really anything on the property that makes you say \"wow.\" Again, I say this knowing full well that SLS never intended to be a 5 star direct competitor to the likes of Cosmo and Wynncore, but it still feels like it leaves something to be desired even as a 4 star. I personally don't mind the darker color scheme seen throughout the property, but some people apparently hate it, so there's that if you give a damn.\n\nThat said, Griddle Cafe made me a tasty scramble at 5am, so at least they've got that going for them.\n\nOh, and a pro tip: if you're valeting for the hotel, head to the back entrance on Paradise and Sahara. That valet will put you right next to the \"front\" desk. If you're more concerned with casino access, the main valet entrance on the strip will do the job.