So I came on a Saturday night with a friend and it was easy to find the club in the resort, the staff was very friendly and helpful. So women are free but men pay $10. You get a wristband and you head up on an elevator to the 14th floor. Given that, it had really nice views, reminded me of some clubs in Vegas at the top of the hotels. This is something unique in the Phoenix valley because you sure ain't got that in old town, all those clubs are on ground level. \n\nWell once we got in the club, we realized we stood out immediately. We are both in our early twenties while the rest of the crowd was in their late thirties to early fifties. We were the youngest there, but before we left we wanted to check it out and maybe, just maybe, there was a poppin dance floor. As it turns out there wasn't, there was a large dance floor, but it was empty, people were sprinkled throughout. The DJ was good though, similar to the music I hear in old town, a mix of electronic and hip-hop. Most of the people were crowded at the bars or in the walkways and surrounding seating area. How unfortunate because this place is absolutely beautiful. \n\nThe design is high end and the lighting is dim but not too dark, just right. I gave it  4 stars because it is a nicely designed club with great views. Just because the crowd is older and not everyone was dancing (yet) it was 11:30, I can't give it a lower rating, that's just not fair. I actually will bring a friend in her late thirties here  though! She's always saying how she feels \"too old\" for old town, so this club is perfect for her. :) This club is perfect for ANYONE who feels \"too old\" for old town. \n\n\nFYI, if you're not staying at the resort and are just visiting for the club, park in the visitors lot and usually there's someone in the golf carts that'll take you up to the resort, they go by tips, so it's not like in old town where it's a fee. My friend and I were in short dresses and heels so you can imagine we weren't really dressed for a long walk up. It was just nice and convenient, so of course I tipped well! We were relieved that this service existed at this resort. \n\nP.S. - I forgot to mention there was a cop standing by the elevators at the club. And the security was all over the place. That was a great plus. Although the cop was the youngest and most attractive guy there, how unfortunate, haha! So yes, we did end up leaving 10 minutes in for old town and hit 3 places there before calling it a night.