How do you say nice things about a restaurant when there aren't that many nice things to say... at the top of the nice list is the mac and cheese and the free wi-fi. If you're looking for flavorful, smoky, succulent, delicious barbecue... look somewhere else.\n\nMy wife and I had been looking for some really good barbecue and we came across B & M on Yelp.\n\nThis is a counter service restaurant. Whether you're eating in or carrying out, you order at the front counter and then wait for your order. They have an extensive menu of ribs, pork, fried chicken and more, so we asked Mercedes at the counter for help.\n\nShe said their pork shoulder was the best, mentioning the buy one pulled pork sandwich, get one for only a buck. Not a bad deal. I went with that, figuring I'd take the second sandwich home for lunch, adding a size of mac and cheese, cornbread and bottled water. Mercedes confirmed that I wanted cole slaw and barbecue sauce on my sandwiches, which I certainly did.\n\nThere was a steady flow of people in and out, many of which seemed like regulars. There was smoke in the air and it smelled good inside.\n\nIt took about five minutes for my sandwiches and sides to appear with copious amounts of napkins. No fork or drink though. I went in search of a fork and after a few minutes got one from someone on the kitchen staff. I'll let you know when the water shows up.\n\nThe sandwich was wrapped in wax paper and foil and was nice and hot. I opened the wrapping to find a generous portion of pork on two slices of white bread. There was a little bit of barbecue sauce and cole slaw too. The bread was already started to soak through and I could tell I was going to get one good bit in before the whole thing came apart.\n\nThe pork was okay; juice and tender. Nothing crewing or nasty, but also not smoky or tangy in any way. It was very plan. I could hardly taste the barbecue sauce. The same was true of the slaw, which had just a hint of creaminess and almost no crunch. As I expected, by the second bite the sandwich was in pieces and I ate the rest of it with a folk.\n\nThe mac and cheese was actually very good. Their large macaroni shells stood up to a creamy cheese sauce.\n\nI'm trying to stay positive, but the cornbread is the worst I've ever had. Dry, mealy, cold and flavorless.\n\nIf I find myself at B & M again, I would definitely order the mac and cheese, it was seriously good, but I wouldn't order the pulled pork or the cornbread again.\n\nAnd I' still waiting for that bottle of water. It just wasn't worth asking for it after the disappointing meal.