I am prone to exaggeration. When asked how many pieces of cake I'd like, I'm apt to say a million. On a hot, sweltering day, if asked what the temperature is, I'm likely to say a billion degrees. However, understand that this is no exaggeration when I say that there are hundreds of thousands of bottles of soy sauce in this place.\n\nThe new Asia Town Center at 38th and St. Clair is impressive on the outside, though it looks more like a trendy, two floor school than it does shopping center. Inside, a majority of the bottom floor is taken up by Asia Food Company, a massive near 115,000 square feet that a Wal*Mart may have a bit of an issue filling. And, no, they don't do a very good job, either. The aisles are wide, and shelves are puzzlingly bare, and puzzlingly and curiously placed\n\nFor instance, the soy sauce remark: In each aisle, there is a four foot by eight foot section of soy sauces after you've walked in and shopped a twenty foot expanse of soy sauces. And that's not including the oyster sauces, the fish sauces, the teriyaki sauces, and other fermented delights. \n\nThere are Korean Goods next to Japanese goods. Vietnamese next to Chinese. Dogs and Cats. Apples and Oranges. Things very unlike the other, in other words.\n\nThe prepared foods section would make the Giant Eagle Kitchens look like Morton's. There were tables interspersed within a bank of unused freezers that you could sit at and eat. I didn't dare approach. I'd already eaten like, a thousand burritos, and it was a million degress and...\n\nA plus in the favor of this joint is that the smell inside -- which has been somewhat offensive to western noses, traditionally inside these predominantly Asian stores -- was tame and actually pleasant. The fish section looked well taken care of, and had no scent whatsoever. The tilapia swam happily, unaware that they were meant to be on some hipster's taco in just a few hours.\n\nAll in all, the products are okay and fairly cheap. I, of course, bought soy sauce.