Do NOT EVER consider staying at one of the Caesar's Entertainment properties. If you are injured and it is their fault, they turn you over to CCMSI which is their 3rd party adjuster and they NEVER have any intention of repaying you for your costs associated with the injury. My grandmother, my mom, myself and two others stayed in a suite at Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas from June 18 to June 22, 2012.\n\nThe morning we were to leave, my 84 year old grandmother entered the restroom and fell into the wall hitting her head. There was water totally covering the floor due to a cracked toilet. She had out of pocket expenses associated with her testing and follow up care. There is a two year statute of limitations to recoup your expenses. She and my mom talked with the claim adjuster on a regular basis. Cannon Cochran Management Services, Inc. (CCMSI) first adjuster was Joy Van Riper. She was replaced by Doug Buchanan in 2014. Ms. Riper stated her client, Planet Hollywood and Caesar's Entertainment was responsible for the water in the restroom due to a cracked toilet and they would reimburse my grandmother for her expenses. Doug Buchanan confirmed this fact to my mom.\n\nWe were told in writing her claim would be settled June 3 or 4 of this year, 2014. On June 5' my mom called Doug Buchanan and was told he FORGOT to have my mom sign a form for Medicare to release her records to them. It was explained that CCMSI had to repay Medicare for the part they paid on my grandmother's bills.\n\nFinally today when my mom and brother kept calling them, Doug finally told my brother he should file a lawsuit, there would be NO settlement. My uncle asked Doug if he enjoyed taking money from 84 year olds. He said, \"That's my job.\" Wow...such arrogance and so sad for all the people that stay at a Caesar's Entertainment property.\n\nWe called Doug Buchanan's supervisor, Josie. She told me she advised us to file a lawsuit. We have exactly one day, June 20 since the statute runs out Sunday. We live in Texas.\n\nSo I guess the mob is still alive and well at Caesar's Entertainment and CCMSI. This is so sad and illegal since they are defrauding YOU as YOU had to help pay my grandmother's medical bills through Medicare and it was THEIR admitted fault and not yours.\n\nPLEASE, NEVER stay at a Caesar's property because if you get hurt, they will NOT help. Their properties include Caesar's Palace, Planet Hollywood, Paris, Bally's, Harrah's, The Quad, Rio, and the Flamingo in Las Vegas. They own others around the country. Please help spread the word about them taking advantage of the elderly and defrauding the U S Government through Medicare fraud. We will not rest until there is justice for my grandmother.