I am a huge OPH fan from way back, except I had always gone to the one in Laguna Niguel, CA.  When I saw this location as I was driving by one day, I had to turn around, pull into the parking lot, and tag it in my GPS so I could easily find it again.  Moving into a new area can be hard, but this was a piece of home that I was thrilled to find.\n\nWe showed up on a weekday, around 10.  We still had to wait about 10 minutes or so, which wouldn't have been so bad except there is no warm place to do it!  They have a little anteroom, but it is devoid of even a basic space heater.\n\nWhen we were seated, I was happy to find that the tables were spaced out a little more (in CA, you are close enough to taste the food at the table next to you).  Decor pretty much consisted of blown-up posters of the menu fare.\n\nThe menu is pretty much the same, except CHEAPER (WH!!!).  This required me to get the baked apple pancake.  For years, I have been visiting OPH, and trying to get other items, except I almost always have the same thing.  Maybe I should call it the apple CRACKcake, because it's so addictive!  One of these days, I'm going to have to trick myself into getting something different by making my husband order while I run to the car or something, lol.\n\nOne menu item that I hadn't seen before was some sort of tropical chicken and fruit salad, prominently displayed in one of the aforementioned posters.  Seriously?  I thought it was a joke when I first saw it.  It is served in a hollowed out pineapple, with a banana sticking out of one end, in order to build some sort of \"fruit bird\".  The thing looks like a reject from 1950's era polynesian theme restaurants.  I'm guessing even Don Ho would have thought this thing kitschy, lol.\n\nIn any case, the apple pancake (and dh's cheese steak omelette) arrived.  I WAS a little disappointed, because THIS apple pancake was drowning in grease!  Normally I would have sent it back, but by this time we had struck up a conversation with the guy at the next table, and were thoroughly enjoying ourselves with that.  On a 2nd visit, the grease was thankfully absent, so I will have to see if they are inconsistent, or that was just an anomaly.\n\nDH's cheese steak omelette ROCKED!  It had big chunks of meat that were tender and flavorful.  The omelettes are smaller than in CA, but still WAY huge (and did I mention cheaper?)\n\nI will definitely make the OPH a go-to place for breakfast, if only to point and snicker at the scary bird salad.  ;)