So... We booked a travel package thru Bass Pro Shops. (BlueGreen Travel) It was a 3 day 2 night get away at the Tropicana Hotel. We were thrilled. We paid $100.00 for the package and had to pay our own way there. So basically we had to sit through a two-hour seminar and we got $100 back in a Bass Pro gift card. Seems like a good deal to me right? Wrong!\n\nWe checked in about 1:30pm. We were promised a room up in the tower over viewing the strip. What we got was a bungalow room. No view and on the first floor. We notified front desk that this was not in our package they said the hotel was booked and there was nothing they can do. Our view was a laundry and delivery circle in the back of the hotel. The room was cramped. No fridge, microwave, coffee maker. For the first day our hot water was not working. The shower was big but it was slippery, no non-slip pad. TV only had a few channels. Nowhere for two people to sit and eat. Only one electrical outlet for you to charge your phone, the two that were on the nightstand lamps did not work. So now let's get to the in-room dining. We ordered a all meat large 18 inch pizza. It took an hour and a half and cost 40 bucks. It look like someone didn't even care and just threw all the ingredients up in the air and wherever it landed on the pizza that's where it stayed. Now trying to get some sleep in our bungalow room was a bit difficult. Once we turned out the lights and close the blackout curtain we started hearing crickets. We got up to look and notice there were about 10 of them by the sliding glass door. We never called the front desk to complain because we were too tired to deal with them so we went ahead and took care of the problem our selves. The next day we left in the morning & came back at night to find our room not cleaned. We notified the front desk and they told us that someone would be there shortly. Nobody ever showed up. So we slept woke up around 10 a.m. and left.\n\nSo anyways the moral of the story is do not go to the Tropicana.\n\nThank you and have a nice day.