I don't know how this place qualifies as a 4-star property on Hotwire. Granted, it's conveniently located and it's been recently renovated to look relatively new and stylish, but the service here is horrible! So horrible that while I felt clean and comfy in my room it wasn't enough to outweigh this 1-star review.\n\nThis hotel was installing a new computer system during our stay, which understandably would result in some minor delays and kinks being worked out, but it appears this hotel management put NO thought whatsoever in how they would do the switchover.  For example:\n\n We had to wait close to 1 hour (yes, one hour!) to check in to our room on a Tuesday afternoon! There was literally about 50 people in line to check-in and not because the hotel was busy, but because the agents were so slow. Seriously, 3 agents for this size hotel when you're going through a computer system switchover?? Unacceptable!\n\n The next day on Wednesday night, I had to request a duplicate copy of our room key because I left mine in the room. BIG mistake....  I had to wait 35 minutes in the lobby just to get helped ~ and this was in the \"check-out\" line at 11:00pm on a Wednesday night! The check-in line was even longer. But the kicker was that the agent who helped me, while nice and courteous, had just started his shift and what did he do when I asked for a room key? He had to get on the phone for 5 minutes and call someone to find out how to print out a room key?!? Come on man, isn't that basically the entire job function of a front desk agent = to print out room keys?  \n\n Twice we tried calling the front desk to request a late checkout. Both times, we waited ON HOLD listening to the pre-recorded message for 20 minutes before we hung up in exasperation (luckily they have speakerphone in the room because you'll need it). \n\n At checkout, they tried to charge us for the entire stay even though it was prepaid through Hotwire. This mixup took yet another 20 minutes out of our time. \n\nMore cons: They couldn't even fix the bed correctly! All 4 nights that we stayed there, we got  really short \"fitted\" bottom sheets, and by short I mean that when we got into bed, there was a good 1.5 feet of uncovered bare mattress! It's not even like the sheet got loose or something. The sheets were just that short that either you could cover the head area or the foot area, but not cover both. What are they thinking? Most people in the modern world are over 5'0 tall so who do they think they can fool with these short sheets?\n\nOur room had no remote control for the TV and we had to call maintenance to get one. After we got the controller, we then realized the cable didn't work either, so had to get the maintenance man back again to fix the cable. Ugh.\n\nOh, and TI now charges $20\/day as a \"resort\" fee. Pfftt... Well, it does cover free internet service in your room but when you're in Vegas, how much time will you actually be in your room doing work? For us, this was just a waste of $80 during our 4-night stay.\n\nThe only good thing I can say about this hotel is that when I accidentally left my wedding ring in the bathroom, the maid did not steal it. Kudos to that.