This Thai restaurant is definitely on my radar.  Thai street food!?  It doesn't get better than that, I am told!  I ordered the fried pork belly, and the crab fat fried rice.  Summary of impressions: impressed.  \n\nThe crab fat fried rice is a classic dish done in a slightly Americanized fashion.  That said, it was very yummy.  At $12, it's a small portion, but the crab meat comes in the form of bite sized chunks.  This isn't the traditional way to prepare this dish (traditionally it is prepared with shredded crab meat that is cooked into the fried rice, but silly westerners tend to complain when they can't actually see the crab).  As far as this style of crab fried rice, this is the best I've had.  The traditional style always tastes better to me though (the crab flavor comes out better).  The rice is topped with big fluffy scrambled egg and very fresh basil.  The spices and herbs are mixed well.  The Nam Pla Prik (fish sauce with peppers) wasn't the best, but a few sprinkles and chili peppers did compliment the dish.  The only complaint, other than not using the more traditional style of using shredded crab, was that the rice was pretty oily.  It still tasted great though.     \n\nThe fried pork belly was quite yummy.  It was lightly breaded, and fried in a \"Thai Crispy Pork\" sort of way, but at $6 was really just an appetizer to share.  It came with only chunks of fried pork belly.  The pork belly itself was very fatty and yummy, although perhaps a little too salty for me.  The dipping sauce was a green colored, lightly sweet and peanuty kind of sauce that was quite original and interesting.  Excellent appetizer dish!\n\nI've saved my recommendation for last.  First of all, thanks to my friend Weston for trying just about every dish at this place, and recommending to me his favorites.  The Ka Moo Tod, or pork hock, is something I definitely recommend trying.  This thing is what it says, a giant ham hock, nothing more, nothing less.  I suggest ordering this with a few other items and with some friends to enjoy it with.  It's slightly difficult to cut through the crispy skin, but underneath lies a very indulgent layer of fat and tender pork.  The sauce that comes with this is a light, hot, vinegary, sweet and sour sauce, and paired with the pork beautifully.  Order some white rice to go with it.  Every bite was decadent to say the least.\n\nI was thinking about bumping this up to 5 stars for it's originality and brave approach to highly authentic Thai street food.  The food is great, but I can't say that it blew me away so much as to earn a top spot as one of my favorite Thai restaurants.  A lot of people might not get it, but I think Vegas is ready for this.  You have to order a few dishes, and share with family and friends.  Eat with a spoon, using your fork to scoop a little bit of everything onto said spoon.  This is a place to eat real Thai food like a real Thai guy.  Oh, and have a nice bottle of wine with your meal as well!