Attended a business dinner here with a group of 12, although the line was out the door and the restaurant was filled to near capacity we were seated immediately upon arriving in one of the side rooms to the left of the hostess station. Our server met us with a warm smile and went over a few of the night's specials. It was apparently that the staff was really being stretched as the simple menus were being distributed and the water glasses filled, our server very politely informed us she'd return shortly to get our drink orders. \n\nAfter about 10 minute as promised she returned and took our drink orders although we were wanting to order a selection of appetizers for the table to share she dashed off to enter our drink orders. Having been seated for a least 20 minutes our drinks arrived and she began taking the appetizer orders avoiding mentioning anything else referencing to placing our dinner orders although we had possession of the menus for at least 30 minutes and the first rounds of drinks were mostly expired. Now we all understood this was a informal business dinner and time wasn't really a concern except for a few that had rather be spending their time at the craps table or feeding the one arm bandits. The appetizers arrived and a second round of refreshments were ordered, after clearing the table of the seafood food selections and distribution of the recently order round of cocktails to the dismay of a few inpatient souls who seemed unimpressed with the evening  and felt the evening was slipping away we finally placed our entree orders. \n\nI will say the oysters were exceptional not only were they fresh and cleanly shucked with the shells still full of the natural liquor, they were sized nicely and delicious as well as plentiful. \n\nAfter more than a hour a half the entrees began arriving after and after being somewhat surprised at how inexpensive the dinner selections were I wasn't that surprised on the quality and in fact was a little disappointed to find such a popular venue didn't have a more upscale selection. I should of known during the orientation upon arriving I remembered it was stated that \"the sirloin\" was pointed out as their signature dish huh, along with their signature fries which I chose to pass on. I chose the filet with asparagus and a kale salad adorned with a soft poached egg, honestly the salad was amazing with its generous portion of shredded kale and fresh cooked bacon with a warm bacon dressing. The filet ordered medium rare came out well done and the asparagus was cold and tough. \n\nAlthough the venue was very nice with good service for the amount of customers being crammed in, the food was just okay considering the dinner went on for more than two and a half hours with time for only two cocktails to be served. Several of us chose to exit once the desserts were explained and our gracious host offered this as an option since it was getting rather late in the evening. With all the exceptional dinner choices available on the strip I would consider this restaurant again for breakfast or lunch or even for an afternoon drink with oysters appetizers but not for dinner.