In celebration of Saturday night, I tried THREE new places. First stop was Yama Sushi, as we were headed over to the east side and knew this was one place Yelpers love for AYCE sushi. \n\nOne piece of advice: if you are a small party, do not be tempted by the cozy little side room. Sit at the sushi bar. I decided to take one of the two tables in the little side room, and the table next to us was loud, which may make me sound like a prude, but they were blasting their own private dining soundtrack through a telephone. The sound was worse than a late 70s clock radio. It was a truly odd and rather unpleasant experience. I hope this is not a new trend.\n\nThe actual restaurant atmosphere was warm and full of energy. The place was slammed, without being chaotic, and the centerpiece of the room was a trippy-flower mural behind the sushi bar. The mural is composed of large panels of brightly colored photographs of poppies. (At least, I think they are poppies.) It reminded me of the scene in the Wizard of Oz when Dorothy and crew become intoxicated by the field of flowers-- the \"deadly poppy field.\"\n\nBut, there is nothing deadly about Yama, unless you can overdose on solid sushi. AYCE dinner is $22.95 and includes a decent variety. Yama gets bonus points for not over-ricing the rolls and for allowing you to order half rolls. (For what it's worth, I really liked their sushi rice; it was perfectly sticky and a bit sweet.) They also offer everything in a hand roll option, which brought intense delight to my boy. Shrimp tempura and eel hand rolls were arriving at the table by the tray full. I don't think they have the most creative rolls in town, but what they do have is done well.\n\nOf course speed of service is very important at an AYCE establishment, and at Yama, it was speedy and sweet. Every server that came by our table had a warm smile, and they were all eager to bring more sushi to our tummy.\n\nI will definitely return. (You will find me at the sushi bar avoiding the awkward room of too close dining.)