From winter cold season sitting near the grilling stove to keep you warm, to summer hot season sitting near the grill sizzling the steak with a nice cold bottle of Korean Beer. Seoul is one of good indoor Korean BBQ in Cowtown during all season in the past years. \n\nWhen I step into the main entrance, I scent the sizzling Korean BBQ rushing through my nose. Before the host greeting us. I stomach was growing for starvation and want to order food right away. I almost said: BBQ dinner for four........ Embarrassing....\n\nAnyways, I did order BBQ set dinner and a bottle of Korean Beer. They also serve all you can eat, but set menu is not a bad option: comes with Korean side dish aka kimchi et al, a choice of Seafood pancake or noodles, and a Korean style hot boiling mild spicy miso soup, bowl of steam rice, salad and most importantly main course of an average portion of meat and seafood (which you can choose they grill it for you or I can grill it by myself in middle of the grill table.) Since I do all the grilling, and they eat the food... aka my friend James, but the temptation of the sizzling grilling at front did increase the appetite. \n\nOverall, I will give 3.5 stars. Price vs. food portion was a miss, as in Asian (Korean) market value it should be at least 15% lower what you pay in BBQ set dinner. I'm not sure all you can eat menu or the cost of huge place utilities etc... it should be more control by the owner\/management. On Saturday night, service was good: (4 stars) our server was swamped serving table. But she and her team will monitor us when we need something: filling up water and tea to keep us hydrated, and changing the grilling plate to prevent over burn. The most interesting thing at Korean culture is that they work as a team: when the customer leave the table, at least 2 people roll over the cleaning cart, they will hurry clean and set up the table for the next customer come in. I timed average was 1min and 15 sec (at 4 table turn over). Team work motivation was impressive! \n\n Hopefully I can come back again if the price value will be adjust aka note to management: find a better a food suppliers??? And hire more serving staff? Although, we are living in an oil and gas town with party animals, market value does sound like a bias. Sigh!