Honestly I went in expecting a 5 star experience and if I could give more stars after going here I would . When it's a Gordon Ramsay restaurant I always expect awesome but with this experience I got a stellar experience .\n\nThis place really is best for someone who knows the show to fully understand the experience but as far as the food goes it's Amazing but the awesome effects and setting is what made this awesome . As you walk in they have the entrance decked with merch and a cool thing with Gordon doing various stuff on a screen which for me is awesome .. if you are coming to town make a reservation and don't give up hope as it does open up when folks cancel .. \n\nI got mine on opentable for my birthday feb 10 ... which was a Saturday . It's at Caesars but in the old serendipity location which means the uber : lyft drop you just go down the walkway and it's there ..\n\nWe arrived about 20 minutes before our 6:15 reservation some of the hostesses were really great at ignoring people so my one take away would be they could be a little more attentive ... however the one who ended up seating us was awesome .. but I'll shout her out later ..\n\nWe made our way to the bar and the bartenders were all pretty busy and it took a bit to get someone to greet us but once Kevin made his way to us he hooked us up with some cool starter drinks .. since I didn't have a seat I opted to try notes from Gordon and it was delicious ... my mom got meet your maker and it was good if you are a whiskey fan .\n\nThing with the drinks is they have awesome flavor but a lot of them have cool effects if you want experience drinks you go with rum donkey that is a tiki and lights on fire or there is one that smokes and I have already forgotten the name but we ended up with that too but my favorite was the Fear and loathing because I love mezcal and it really had the flavor behind it ... with that said if you drink these cocktails are worth it !!\n\nOnce our table was ready  Andrea seated my Mom while I settled the bar tab and even came back to get me so I could find our table . She was awesome and said Happy Birthday as I got to my table which had an epic view of the fountain and the strip . It was exactly what I wanted because even tho I love the show I prefer a pretty view and quieter area .\n\nWe got Blessed with Derek for our server who not only has an epic smile but great energy and is on top of his game making sure we had everything we need while recommending good stuff !! My mom isn't a fan of rare meat so we had to do some menu work arounds but he handled I all awesome sauce style .. \n\nI could go into detail on the food but that usually isn't my style so I won't break all the food down but I'm gonna shout out some of the winners ... \nI feel if you're going with the Wellington you won't be disappointed .. I was a bit worried cause some folks had issues with it not being cooked right but mine came out perfect and my other half that I had left over was still delicious the next day . I got the tasting menu because my Mom wanted sticky toffee pudding ... the scallops were good..\n\nThe pumpkin soup is sooo worth it!!! I imagine if you came for lunch it would pair awesome with some of the sandwiches but we both loved it with our meal .. my mom doesn't even like soup and she licked her bowl clean lol \n\nOur lobster risotto was delicious and remember it's an appetizer so the portions that people complain about need to get a reality check that it isn't an entree but for us it melted in our mouth ...\n\nWe had Mac and cheese & calliflower (spelling) both were really delicious \n\nNow I already shouted out Derek's praises but I really want to make a point to say for a Saturday one that both Gordon and Michelle were here plus chef christina he did so awesome but another superstar was our busser Jason ..\n\nHe made sure we had water , our plates were cleared and that we got our stuff to go he was such a nice guy considering how busy it was and he really helped Derek shine so if the manager is reading this please give them credit where credit is due ..\n\nOver all if you enjoy the show ... get the chance to get a reservation... Come check this place out !!!