Oh Em Gee and Double Yoo Tee Eff... GAH!!! This place makes me want to rip my hair out! They really need to take a few lessons in customer service or even getting personalities.\n\nWe purchased two phones in April and have had problems from Day 1. I swear I've clocked in so many hours calling Customer Care about all these issues that they can make more books with the notes they have on our account than there are books in the damn Twilight Saga! \n\nIt turns out that the twit we purchased our phones from did not place the appropriate data service to our phones and MMS was not working properly but all this was finally resolved (for a short amount of time at least) after my husband yelled at Customer Care because of the attitude coming out of the mouth a \"little\" lady named Jennifer at this location. \n\nWe paid a visit to this location, since this is the corporate store closest to us and they'd be the only one to assist with these damn issues. I had requested to speak to the Mgr and Jennifer comes out, NO SMILE or anything, looking like she was pissed that I interrupted her lunch or something... I informed her that I to speak to the store manager and she said \"she isn't here\", at this point, I was thinking to myself, 'Then why the heck did they send you out?!' anyway, in response to that I asked, \"Well, is she ever here?\" We've been needing to resolve this issue and this Mgr seems to never be available and Jennifer snaps back, scoffs and says \"WELL, she IS entitled to her two days off\" Uhhhh, yea but some store managers have to go to other locations you ding-dong! I, of course, snapped right back and informed her \"Yea, uhm, I don't need that attitude from you!\" She looks at me, disregards what I just said and said that we can come back the next day to see the Manager. \n\nWe did not return the following day because we had to go out of town, and really needed this f-ing phone to work but Customer Care was able to resolve the issue BUT-- it was short lived, I ended up calling Customer Care, yet again, because the internet went out and the music player was shot, so now  they're replacing my phone with a new or \"like\" new phone, yet again. I hardly even use this P.O.S. phone so I don't know WTF is going on.\n\nWith all these issues that we've been having because of all these clueless employees at this location, I sincerely thought that a T-mobile store location in BOCA PARK, the Corporate Store no less, would have been able to take care of our issues better than anywhere else in town, or at least try... Nope. Wrong. \n\nLisa, I feel ya, we dealt with Matt a few times, I'm not even sure if he works there anymore. Susan, they are slow but I believe that it's because they have NO clue what they're doing and have to ask their Manager wth to do every 5 mins. \n\nThe moment that I can get the 'F' away from T-mobile (damn contracts), I will and -- GOD FORBID, I have to stay with them and have to step foot in a store, I will NOT be visiting this location. This phone line is just my second line, thank goodness my main line is with AT&T because I always have reliable service with them and spend more time enjoying my phone rather than talking to Customer Care for hours and hours. OMG T-Mobile, you guys SUCK.