Been here twice in September 2013. Tried two of their subs, my favorite was the Gargantuan. The place looked clean top to bottom.\n\nService was fast, but there were only a couple customers inside, the other one was already eating. The staff seemed more interested in socializing amongst themselves. I thought it a bit odd that despite ordering my two subs 'to go', the sandwich maker dropped them on the counter and walked away. When I asked for a bag he nodded to help myself to one over the counter. He seemed more interested in chatting with coworkers than finishing my order, literally walking away to let me bag my own carry-out order.\n\nPoor supervision I guess, maybe an employee brain fart, I have no idea. Maybe they only get one carry out order a day and just aren't used to it.\n\nMy food was good either way. But read on...\n\nFollow-up: I wrote corporate about the bagging thing, their answer was essentially: help myself to bags, the employees are to be focused on getting the food to the counter as fast as possible, after that, I'm on my own. Bag my own order... \n\nThe only thing I find wrong with this attitude is when I am clearly the only customer there. No other food is being prepared, and the employees are talking and kidding amongst themselves, they will not bag your to-go order. I think that is somewhat disrespectful, but still not a major sin. I think if their focus was on customer service AND being fast then stuffing food in a bag would be both faster and better service. After all, who gains what by having three employees standing by watch me stuff my food into bags?\n\nTo my knowledge this is the only fast food chain that will NOT bag your carry out order. Right next door is Five Guys. I think I'll go there next time to see if they are more focused on customer service. Due to their poor customer service corporate policy, I'm gonna knock them down a couple stars.\n\nI'd give them one star for service and three stars for food. The music was way too loud too. Considering how far I drive to get here I doubt I'll go back due to the poor service and poor overall experience.