4.5 stars for brunch and dinner... I'd easily say one of the top places for Thai food in the city and a great place for dining in general.  \n\nThere's a new player in the brunch game and it is really really good.  I love when a place takes your typical regular brunch dishes and turn it upside on its head with a new creative take.  Kiin does that with a Thai flare.\n\nIve been here for dinner and loved it.  Brunch is no different.  It's a gorgeous light setting ... it feels relaxed but also regal at the same time.  It helps to see the Thai royal family portraits on the back wall to help emphasize that elevated experience.  The light woods and golden tones all speak to a warmer and zen like experience.  Tables here are well spaced out.  You're not going to knock over the next table dishes if you try to move out of the comfy banquette that lines the wall.  \n\nService reflects the same warmth you see in place.  It's friendly, outgoing but not in your face, thoughtful, and considerate.  Our server was spot on all the recommendations and able to explain every dish you've never tried.  Which on this menu is a lot... this is not your grandma's brunch menu or any Thai menu you've seen before.  It takes your standard brunch dishes throw in the Thai flavours and tropical fruits that makes it stand out.  Instead of typical donuts, you have Thai Cruller with Pandan custard.  Granola... sure but with lychee and mango.  Benedicts are here but with Thai cruller, fried basa fish, and Thai hollandaise.\n\nChor Ladda (Jasmine rice dumplings) - This is a mainstay on their dinner menu.  These beautifully folded flower looking in a gorgeous shade of lapis.  The colour cames naturally from a local Thai flower.  These are just the perfect bite of flavour.  Inside you have sweet coconut meat and savoury peanuts.  It's topped with crispy onions that firmly veers the dumpling into a bold savoury burst.  You get 6 in the appetizer size. Be ready to fight for the last one. 4.5\/5\n\nCrispy Thai Omelette - So I came thinking French omelette... so wrong of me.  Rethink this as a deconstructed fried rice ... fluffly and tender black rice (berry rice) and jasmine rice are the foundation to a huge mound of chicken pieces and deep fried egg droplets that are crispy bites.  Cooked onions and red peppers add to the flavour ... then it's topped with your Sriracha for that sweet heat we all know.  Mix it up and you got a huge plate of a good fried rice.   4\/5\n\nCoconut Waffles - Gluten Free... yup, it's made with rice flour instead.  You may not notice because it's just as light as the ones made with wheat.  With the very generous waffles, you also get sweet juicy mango pieces, white dragonfruit, red dragonfruit, and the most delicious potent coconut cream to dip everything in.  I think I could have drizzled that on top of pancakes, donuts, pound cake... you get the idea.  4.5\/5\n\nLoved this experience as it's not your everyday brunch ... food is delicious and the service is spot on.  I really couldnt ask for a better way to start my Sunday.  Another perk... they take reservations so go call!