Checked out Slidin Thru HQ during our recent adventure to Vegas.  Interesting setup, as there wasn't an official sign on the building, we found it by spotting their truck parked out front.  The inside is fun and interesting, but they definitely need more seating, that's for sure.\n\nI ordered the Barby, Captain's Order and the Pep Pep.  First off, I'm not a fan of the whole Angus Beef thing.  I love my beef but, I just don't care for it.  With that said however, I actually liked the meat in my sliders.  It was tasty and juicy but even though it's in a slider size, it's still overwhelming.\n\nThe Barby was good, it was a nice combo of ingredients, can't hate on the fried onions and bacon, they both can make any burger, or in this case, slider better!  The Pep Pep was alright, probably a little too basic, even though that's what they were going for.  The Captain's Order, yikes.  Although it sounded awesome on their menu, with the feta cheese, bacon, arugula, roma tomato and the balsamic reduction, oh man...it killed my palette.  Balsamic and beef is not a good combination, it almost made me feel like the beef tasted rancid.\n\nHowever, we ordered the Captain's Order in a french fry form and that redeemed oh Captain, my captain.  That was probably the most bomb order of fries I've ever had, next to Carne Asada Fries.  It was seriously delicious, the ingredient combo worked for the fries, but not for the slider.\n\nThe s\/o ordered the Pulled Porky, the Barby and the Mystery Slider, which was a French Dip.  Although the s\/o was excited to find out that the Mystery Slider was a French Dip unfortunately, all three were quite meh.  What set it off was that they charged an extra $2 for the Mystery Slider.\n\nSpeaking of which, the pricing was pretty decent, we both just disagreed with the $2 premium on the Mystery Slider, which made it a $5 slider.  Also, I don't know why they have to be so shady on soda refills.  Apparently, the first refill is free and they'll even mark your cup, but any additional refills are $0.50 each.  The hit my hot button, charging for refills, I consider that bad business, especially for a burger joint, no bueno.\n\nOverall, Slidin Thru HQ was alright, way overrated.  Would I come back?  Yeah, but just for the fries and nothing else.