What happens when you accidentally order takeout from the wrong location? You end up in a busy area with minimal parking, crazy drivers and become 100% done with everything and everyone.\n\nI've been sick this whole week. Sick, to the point where my nostrils are congested, my lungs hurt from breathing, my vision is blurry, my capillary refills.. let's just say they aren't refilling like they are supposed to be. Let's just say, a bartender at a cheap and dingy club refills my drink faster than my capillary refills do their job in my fingertips. You get how sick I am, right? Of course I'm not going to be good. Of course, of COUUUURSE I do not eat plain congee, overdose on nyquil and curl up in a burrito blanket. Of course I don't.\n\nI want sushi. & I want good sushi. \nI call up my favourite sushi place for alacarte, place an order for spicy salmon rolls (yes, I'm horrible), california rolls and some other massive roll they had on their menu. Halfway through driving there, I curse loudly, causing us to swerve on steeles. \"DID I ORDER FROM THE RIGHT PLACE?\" I cry out as the realization begins to sink in. Oh hell na, this sick mess ain't about to dive anywhere near yonge and finch during the busy rush hour. HELL NAH. F***. \n\nAs we pass the cars near the area, I am praying.. just praying that I don't see reckless drivers. I ain't about to kill somebody while I'm on death row here. Yonge and steeles to yonge and sheppard SERIOUSLY gives me anxiety. Thank goodness we make it there and OH MY GOODNESS.. there's a free parking spot in that tiny roundabout for ONCE IN MY LIFE. YASSSSSS!! We're in and out of sushi bong in less than 1 minute, which seriously gives me joy. The store is small, workers are just as nice as the other one, and I am pleased to have my box of sushi resting on my dying body's lap. \n\nLater when I go home to eat it, or more so, devour it.. I start to realize the quality is definitely not the same as the other sushi bong @ shops on yonge. While the rolls are just as big, the quality cannot compare. I even saw some browning on top of the salmon sashimi on the moon river roll.. and the pieces certainly were not as thick or fatty as the other one. I LIKE FAT FISH AND I CANNOT LIE. To be honest though, the sushi was still better than 90% of other places so it deserves a 3 star.\n\nMy stomach was unsettling afterwards but I think it was mostly me being my sick self. With a hint of \"you're not supposed to eat sushi when you're sick, dumbo\" \n\nAnyways, I definitely will be sticking to the other sushi bong from now on (unless my idiot self decides to call the wrong one again, which I can assure you, will happen)\n\nSorry for the long and over-detailed review. Someone please tell my 2am sick self to go to sleep.