I downloaded this app just to express my agitation towards the owners. I am a regular and I've seen them go through employees like there's no tomorrow. I've seen good workers have to quit due to how horrible they treat their  employees, or they fire them without telling them (I saw an employee named Max come in, and they sent him home when they really needed the help. They are so cheap, reasons why the prices are ridiculous. $7.99 for a cone? No way!!). Just yesterday I was there and saw a long time employee named Gabriella, I believe, working terribly hard. While she was busting her butt (like she always does) I noticed her boss  (the female one) rolled her eyes at this employee, almost in disgust. I saw a previous comment posted just yesterday about her working hard, and she does just that. She is the reason my family and I always come back. Any business would be lucky to have her and she deserves better. That being said, I'm aggravated that these owners don't treat people with respect (mainly the female owner as mentioned before). She doesn't know how to do her job either! I've came in multiple times when she was working alone, and it's always a huge disappointment. She does a poor poor job. She was adamant that my child try coconut Even after I said she had a coconut allergy, and then proceeded to shove the sample in her face (i'd never let my child eat it, because of the wide spread contamination). It's absolutely ridiculous that she even attempts to work when she's so bad at it. All of my friends\/employees\/family\/students and I used to come on a Tuesday night and have miss Gabriella serve us, and always be so friendly and attentive. She can answer questions, unlike the boss and some of the other new employees, who might I add don't know what their doing. But I was discouraged to see her not there the last two Tuesdays , so me and my 12 colleges left without hesitation. \nWe want the old artisen back, and until than you will not get mine or any of providence high schools teachers\/employees business either. One last thing, TREAT YOUR EMPLOYEES BETTER BECAUSE THEY ARE THE ONLY REASON MOST OF US KEEP COMING BACK. Because if they weren't than we wouldn't be able to have looked past the hair we found in our gelato multiple times. While your at it bring back Maxwell and Andrew; give them all a raise as well. I'm assuming they make 7-8 an hour? They deserve better. And if any of artisens employees are reading this 1. You deserve better 2. I hope you get a raise 3. You're doing good (directed towards Andrew, max, Gabriella, and some other girl with purple hair who has always been a delight.)