I did read many negative reviews but for the price I really didn't care. I think some people book last minute get a hike in price for doing so and then complain because it's \"ghetto\". That's probably because it's cheap, affordable and attractive to families with children . This is the first time I have stayed at the hotel with my 3 children and for the 70 dollars I paid for a Saturday was great and couldn't be beat. I can't lie..the decor needs an upgrade, especially the bathroom but we weren't planning on staying all day staring at mismatched colors. There are casinos, restaurants, circus shows, Adventure Dome, shops and a pretty spacious pool. I did hear that if you book last minute the chances of being sent to the motorlodge was high and from the remarks, I'm guessing it's pretty scrappy over there. I stayed in the skytower with the kids and they loved every minute. If you don't want to be around a bunch of teens, children or obnoxious people....and want \"luxury\", then I suggest to drive a bit more south to other hotels. You'll find ghetto and sketchy people all up and down the strip regardless. From my point of view and in my opinion, the price was right, children had a blast and didn't cost me an arm or a leg.\n\nUpdate--08\/17\/2014\nMy original review was placed on our first night. I felt like I need to update this place after my first night stay. This might be funny to some and perhaps serious to others, but I think my room was haunted. I took a shower and put the kids down, organized a few things before I slipped into the bed. I turned off the lights and closed my eyes. I was woken up by what seemed like something jumping on the bed, so I jumped up and turn on the lights but there was nothing there. I thought maybe it was part of a dream that had wake me up, so I just went back to sleep. I had the most creepy feeling ever and as a mother of three sleeping children..my nerves were on edge. Again, I heard something in the corner of the room so I just turned on the lights and left it on. I called down to the front desk and didn't want to seem like a crazy person, so I asked if there were any other rooms available. I was told they were completely booked and they apologized. It was about 1:45am when I went to sleep (again) and was woken up by a huge bang  at 3:17am (mind you the light in the bathroom was left on) and when I stood up..everything on the table was now on the floor!! MY Purse, bag, ipad, papers from check in and a cup of juice. All of it on the floor, almost as if the table tipped over -_-. Needless to say, I ended up just staying up turning on another light and opening the blinds. I ended up dozing off at 7am and the sun was coming up so I felt a bit at ease. At exactly 8:15am, I hear someone trying to open the door. I went to look through the peep hole and it was one of three housekeepers in the hall way. She apologized and said she had the wrong room!! Are you freaking kidding me??? First the angry ghost and then the early bird housekeeper. Checkout is at 11am thank you very much. SO.....Sleep at your own risk lol. I am now home and on 3 hrs of sleep. I now have a love ..hate thing with Circus Circus.