Fries are my kryptonite.  I like 'em crispy or soft, criss-cut or curly.  \nBut fries as a meal?  I'm listening...\n\nDuring my seven day stay in Montreal, I had poutine three times.  Because we showed up on a busy Friday night, we decided to go to Poutineville for one of those times.  Expect to see a line out the door, but you may get lucky.  On a Thursday night after we got out of the Kings\/Habs game, we were able to get sat right away.  \n\nI liked La Banquise a little more than I liked Poutineville.  La Banquise's fries are smaller.  Their vegan gravy was thicker and did not make the fries soggy like the ones I had at Poutineville.  The curds were a lot squeakier at Poutineville, however.  The cheese at La Banquise didn't have that squeak factor, but it may have been because they were slightly more melted.  They actually reminded me more of mozzarella than curds.  The portions were comparable.  The plate seems smaller at La Banquise, but they give you a generous mounded serving.  Regular is plenty for one person.  La Banquise has some creative signature dishes and I only had the classic version at Poutineville.  Poutineville has several different gravies and all of them are vegetarian, except for the meat sauce.\n\nThey serve Bec sodas, a local company that uses all natural ingredients and sweetens their drinks with maple syrup.  I tried the cola and cranberry sodas.  They were extremely carbonated and the sodas would bubble up through the straw.  It added to the whimsy of drinking soda from a glass bottle.  I'm not a big soda drinker, but I am a sucker for anything maple.  I enjoyed the Bec cola.  The cranberry had kind of an unpleasant aftertaste.\n\nService was on point.  The servers were sweethearts on both visits.  Even though they were busy, we never felt rushed.  Water was refilled often.\n\nNo credit cards accepted.  Cash or Canadian debit cards only.  ATM located at the entrance.  Expect to pre-pay for your meal after 9PM.  Too many drunken dine and dashers, I imagine.