Sleepy Dog Brewery is definitely one of my favorite new haunts. Meg and I dropped in on a whim to try out some new brews before meeting up with a friend on Mill. We were surprised at how hidden this gem is being tucked away in what looks like a business plaza. It's surprising how efficient they are with their space. The front half of the building is a lounge\/tasting room with the brewery just behind the bar.\n\nThe tasting room is fairly cozy with a lot of fun dog-themed signs and decor. Comfortable free style seating with 6 screens dedicated to those who want to watch sports and one screen that has a constant rotation of dog pictures from patrons who tweeted in their photos.\n\nWhile Sleepy Dog does not offer food, they make up for by allowing patrons to bring in whatever they want from outside. They even allow you to have food delivered to you there in the brewery. But for the snack happy drinkers, they do provide free popcorn with different seasonings to enjoy.\n\nMeg and I went with a beer flight of their 6 standard beers. Most of the beers we had were fantastic!  I love both of their Hefeweizen style beers and both of their reds. I didn't really like their IPA but I don't like IPAs much to begin with so that's on me. But their Wet Snout Porter is definitely my new favorite porter. Smooth and Chocolaty without the knock back aftertaste that a lot of porters have. \n\nWhen we got the bill, I was blown away with the deal we got. Their flight pours are not the least bit stingy, likely equaling a half a pint each.So when we ordered the flight, I was expecting the usual $9-$12 beer flights usually are. But $6?! For essentially 3 beers?! Almost feel like I robbed the place! I've never seen such low prices on awesome beers.\n\nAfter our first experience, we had to come back and bring some people with us. So I chose Sleepy Dog Brewery to be the first stop in the Brews Cruise UYE event that I started up. We had roughly 15 people show up, all of which really enjoyed themselves. The staff was beyond friendly and almost ecstatic that they had such a crowd to work with on an otherwise slow Friday Night. Extremely enthusiastic and definitely tackled the challenge of a large group with ease. \n\nAll in all, I've had a great time every time I have visited Sleepy Dog and I look forward to returning again many times in the future.