Summary: comfortable restaurant offers a variety of Taiwanese snacks and meals that are decent and quick, although the ragtag menu, unavailability and inconsistency of drinks stick out as sore thumbs\n\nTop Must-Get: minced pork and Taiwanese sausage on rice\nTop Regret: chicken curry rice\n\nDISCLAIMER: we were here for a quick lunch and didn't have time for dessert, and so no, I did not try the fabled shaved ice... Yes, I heard these are the highlight of Cha Ma Cha... I'll try them next time and update this review!\n\nThis place was bustling on a Saturday afternoon, but we got a spot pretty quickly. Their menus are pretty beat up and are stapled together, but besides that, everything looks clean and polished!\n\nWe flipped through the menu and settled on the lunch special options. Among the three of us, two got the Chicken Curry rice, and I got the minced pork and Taiwanese Sausage. I had the Chicken Curry before, and I was hoping for their sake it'd be better... but anyway, all go for $10.99, and includes a drink.\n\nThe minced pork was pretty flavourful although I would contend that for $10.99, it's a little small. The Taiwanese sausage was pretty good garnished with a touch of green onion, and they also had a healthy amount of vegetables (choy, corn, carrots, etc) on the plate, along with an egg. Tasty, but definitely not filling for a big eater.\n\nThe chicken curry - like I said, I got it last time I came, and wasn't a huge fan. If you're looking for meaty chunks of curry goodness... this is NOT the dish for you. There seemed to be more bone than meat (although, to be fair, they also give you a drumstick!)\n\nFor the drink, they were all out of the Jasmine Milk Green Tea, which was first on their list. That tells me  that 1) it's a popular choice, and\/or 2) Cha Ma Cha doesn't have a popular lunch drink special option available on a WEEKEND AFTERNOON - that's a bit disappointing.\n\nIn the end, we settled for the Taiwanese Orange Drink, no sugar, please - and that's where you kind of boggle your mind. They seemed to have gotten the no-sugar part mixed up, as mine seemed to have no sugar, but the others seemed to have a little bit. That inconsistency might be more of a service thing (misunderstanding the no-sugar part) than a food thing. I'm not sure how they would've gotten three cups of the same thing different.\n\nSpeaking of service - service was typical of a busy weekend afternoon in a restaurant in this area. It was hard to flag someone down, but when you got them, they accommodated your request quickly (I asked for hot water).\n\nAll in all, probably not the best place to grab lunch if you like big portions... but dessert might be a different story, so I'll be back for that!