Lucky me! I got to spend last weekend here in honor of the infamous Gabi K's (ahem, I mean Gabi M) wedding. And this gorgeous hotel is quite fitting for the wedding of a Yelp \"celebrity.\"  \n\nMy husband and I checked in late on a Friday night and the only rooms left were suites....and so we were upgraded to a magnificent suite overlooking the adult pool and Camelback Mountain.  I know, you're feeling real sorry for us right now. ;)  Our suite was HUGE with a separate living room, bathroom fit for a queen, a balcony the size of my bedroom back home, and 2 flat screen TVS.  After some fiddling with the TV we discovered they had tivo, which meant my husband could tivo the Northwestern game while we enjoyed hiking Camelback the next morning. Phew- the weather was too nice to stay inside watching TV!\n\nThe resort was just as heavenly outside of our suite: an adult pool, a noisy pool for those of you with kiddies, delicious food, incredible workout facility including spinning classes, and a $32 million dollar spa.  I had thought about booking a couples massage before my trip, but my husband suggested we hold off since we've been going thru lots of dough lately. . After one look at the spa he asked me when we'd be indulging in our couples massage and I reminded him of our plan to save money.  His response \"when have you ever listened to me in the past?\" Next time I'll definitely be booking that massage, although this time I did get to enjoy a blissful shower in the spa. \n\nGabi's wedding was absolutely perfect.  The ceremony took place on the Valencia lawn with a breathtaking view of the mountain and then we moved inside the Valencia ballroom for dinner and dancing.  The neutral colored ballroom looked lovely with the beautiful fall colored flowers Gabi chose.\n\nThe suite, facilities, and wedding were worthy of a 5 star review. So why the 4 stars? The resort seemed to be a bit short staffed over the weekend and the service at the pool, restaurant and throughout the resort was very slllloooowwww.   Wait 30 minutes for an Arnold Palmer slow.   I was surprised they didn't have more people working knowing there was a celebrity wedding there over the weekend. ;)