Where do I begin with this place...\n\nTypically, I dislike going to places where everyone is too young, and thusly avoid them and try to find a \"mature\" crowd. Well, I found about as mature as I was going to ever get it at the Blue Martini. Whoa, honey...seriously, who let you out of the nursing home this late?! I was truly shocked, most of the women here tonight were way beyond cougar status. And the men weren't too far off in age either. \n\nThis place is not all that spacious. It was so packed tonight, and there wasn't much to really look at. Nothing stood out decor-wise, there isn't much of a dance floor, just small spots between the tables. There were about 3 bars, one near the stage, one near the back, and one out on the patio. I didn't go to the bathrooms, but I pretty much walked around the entire club. From the patio, you can look straight out onto the street, which isn't a bad view, but still nada much. \n\nSince I was here primarily for the White Party being thrown, I didn't drink. But my mom did...I'm so sorry I let her have that mojito ($12), one, because of the price, and two, her behavior to follow that drink. \n\nI was just standing around, minding my own business, to turn around and find my mother nowhere nearby, but talking to this handsome, muscular piece of chocolate (cue the drool). I'm like, what is she doing? Then she starts waving me to come over, still confused, I slowly approach her and Mr. Handsome. And what do I come to discover? My mother is asking this man to dance with me...MOM! Are you serious?!...I apologized like crazy to the guy, turns out, he was a woman's driver, and said he would totally dance with me if he wasn't on duty. His employer starts jokingly telling my mom to leave me be, and I could get my own men because I'm a beautiful young lady (Thank you). The lady hands me a card, turns out the woman is a PhD, that owns her own event planning organization, and says, I want you as one of my models, contact me. Wow, I'm officially model material, I feel so special! Slightly less embarrassed, I continued to stand about with my mom, while she laughed and made comments about the age of the crowd. The live entertainment was great, but all the music was from bands and musicians that were way before my time. ( clip of what was being played: http:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=G7xktwQXb6A&feature=player_profilepage )\n\nAfter spending about an entire hour trying to find a place for my mom to sit, I agreed to leaving this place. I think I may have read a sign someplace that read, \"You're now leaving Cougarville, hope you enjoyed your stay!\" But I've also seen pink elephants before...