Can we just talk about how bomb the Lemon Pepper seasoning is? Last night was my first time trying Wingstop and I must admit that their chicken is in fact better than Buffalo Wild Wings and Hooters! Yes, do not try and argue with me on this one. I also think that Wingstop is a bit cheaper too! They have great value deals!\n\nVisited this new location with my family on a Friday night around 9 o'clock and it was a bit busy. We wanted our wings, we were willing to wait, no problem. As soon as the cashiers were done taking the other guests orders, one of the employees called my mom and I up to the register to take our order. Since it was my first time, I still needed a second to look at the menu and decide what I want. The cashier, Beth, seemed annoyed by this. We ordered the 24 piece family meal, half bone-in and half boneless. My mom had a few questions about the different flavor sauces offered and she seemed even more annoyed that she was asking questions. There was barely any eye contact made and it was as if she just couldn't wait until we were done placing our order. Anyways, we placed our order and sat down at a table that we were lucky enough to grab. \n\nWe originally placed our order for dine-in, but ended up getting it to-go instead. After waiting for about 15 minutes or so, our meal was given to us in a brown paper bag and you could tell by how hot it was that the food was made fresh. The chicken was great, both bone-in and boneless. It was fried to the point where the crisp remained after being doused in all the sauce. Nobody likes soggy wings, am I right? My favorite was of course the Lemon Pepper. Garlic Parmesan was delicious as well, there was just the right amount of garlic. Hickory Smoked BBQ was nice and sweet! I'm not sure if I'm a complete fan of the fries... They tasted a little sweet. Wingstop's ranch dip is so good! Why can't I ever find that kind of ranch in stores?\n\nAnyways, I probably would've given this location a higher rating had it not been for the employee who took our order because the food was delicious! And I'm not sure if they were understaffed at the time, but there was trash all over the empty tables and a bunch of stray French fries on the floor. Hoping to give this location a few more stars in the future!