Where do I even begin! When I first heard of a Mexican Asian restaurant opening up, I had no idea what to expect but I figured that since I like both cuisines, I would probably enjoy it. I was right. They did a great job fusing the cuisines. In fact, what took the relationship so long to bloom!? \n\nAmbiance:\n\nLooks are deceiving and the exterior of this place looks nothing like the interior. From the outside, you'd think it just looks like any other generic restaurant, but don't be deceived. Step through the doors and you immediately enter this open, airy and trendy restaurant that even has a real tree hanging out in the middle of the restaurant...yes a tree! I especially found the pictures of random people on the chairs pretty entertaining. The restaurant itself has a combination of a wrap around bar and then dining area. Make a reservation to be on the safe side! This is great spot for a night out with friends, a double date or event a spot to get a couple cocktails and apps! \n\nFood & Drinks: \n\nNow, moving on to the most important part, food and drinks! First, the drinks. I enjoyed the Passion Fruit sangria and boy does that pack a punch! I expected it to be sweet, but instead it was pretty potent...in a good way! Next, the food. This restaurant is all about sharing the plates and it's nice because that means you can try much more! Everything on the menu looked delicious, so our group of four ordered it all! \n\nGuacamole - they serve up some of the most unique guacamole choices I've ever seen! We decided to order the Lump Crab Guacamole. I'm ruined because I don't think I will ever be able to enjoy \"regular\" guacamole again. It was the perfect amount of crab and the key lime added a tasty twist. The only downfall was that it only came with four tortilla chips and if you wanted to order more, it was $1 more per order of chips. The guacamole is already $14, so with the additional chips, it made for a pricey appetizer! \n\nRock Shrimp Tempura - I'm such a fan of rock shrimp and especially when it has some Asian flavoring to it. This dish was anything but disappointing and I could have gobbled this dish up all by myself! The rock shrimp tempura comes with a variety of veggies including tomatoes and green beans. The summer mayo had the perfect flavorful kick to it. I want my own order next time!\n\nRollo Chingon Sushi Roll (cooked) - This roll comes with grilled shrimp, guacamole, jalapeno and has a balsamic strawberry glaze. See where they do a good job fusing the two cuisines? I had no idea I was eating a Mexican food sushi roll because it tasted delicious! It came with eight bites and was great for sharing.\n\nSuzuki Roll - This roll was another great Mexican Asian combo with spicy tuna, avocado, and then a chipotle aioli! They have eight bites in a roll so this was another good one to share and very flavorful. \n\nSummer Corn - order this! I loved it and could have eaten it all on my own. The spiced popcorn on top of the corn created an interesting yet flavorful kick to it! \n\nBacon Wrapped Dates - an order comes with six, so there's plenty to share however you will want more than one! These little guys are so good! The combination of salty bacon and sweet date compliments each other perfectly.\n\nHalf Lobster _ Crab Dynamite - order this but be warned, you won't want to share! This was the best thing I ate on the menu! \n\nAfter my experience, I would say that my top three favorite things I ate were the rock shrimp, corn and lobster\/crab. I would order the three items next time but I would probably order the lobster as my own entree next time. It's that good!