I've been a member here for over 6 years and I have to say, I've wandered off a few times, either trying boutique gyms or just quit exercising altogether for any number of reasons. But I always end up coming home to Mountainside Fitness in Surprise. \nThe people in earlier reviews who bitch about parking seriously make me question humanity. You are going to the gym. To workout. To burn calories and you're going to complain because you have to walk 50 yards to enter the club?!?! Ummm... Ok. \nI digress. There are plenty of parking spaces. The people at the front desk make eye contact and warmly greet you as soon as you walk in. You are handed a clean gym towel as your membership tag is scanned. I love Dolly in the mornings and Tanner in the evenings. They know me by name, which makes me feel valued. I like that. The weight area can get crowded during peak times but is always clean and usually organized. If it's not, you can't blame it on the staff. \nThe yoga room is a decent size; however, there are normally smudges and handprints on the mirrors. They should be cleaned daily. The yoga teachers are FANTASTIC. Donna is a yoga rock star and Krystal should be teaching more classes for Mountainside, she's undervalued, IMHO. \nThe cycle room is right next to the yoga room. What a poorly designed concept. Who thought putting the loudest class next to the quietest class was a good idea??  Fire that person immediately. Immediately. \nAgain, I digress, Mountainside Fitness has the absolute best Cycle Instructors I've ever had (and this ain't my first go-round with gyms---go round-cycle-see what I did there?!?). Mandy and Kim are unequivocally the Cycle Goddesses of Surprise. Seriously. I would like to see you do better. You can't. \nThe variety of group fitness classes is good. Recently, on the Mountainside Fitness app, all classes have been assigned a \"Level\" 1 is for everyone and 3 is an advanced class. This system is a bad idea. The instructors in any class I've been to offer modifications for just about any move. When perusing the app looking for a new class to try, I see the 5:30 class is rated as a level 3 and I don't feel I'm a Level 3 kinda person so I might be less likely to try that class even though the Instructor DOES offer modifications. See what I mean? Perhaps a disclaimer \"modifications not offered\" \"modifications offered during this class\". Just a thought. \nThe cardio area is epic. There is never a wait for cardio equipment because of the sheer amount. Yes, sometimes equipment breaks, sometimes it takes a while to get them fixed. It happens. \nI've never used the child care, but I see the little munchkins holding on to a rope singing their ABC's heading from the childcare area to the rockwell and I swear it is the cutest little display! \nThe smoothie bar has a wide variety of healthy and not so healthy treats to help you fuel up for, power through, or recover from your workout. \nMay I make one final suggestion, Mountainside Fitness Surprise? \nOccasionally, an Instructor for a group fitness class is out for any number of reasons. Perhaps a communication board at the front of the club (like where the chalkboard is for the daycare), with the name of the Instructor who is out and the name of the Instructor who is subbing for that class would be appreciated by the members. It is an unpleasant feeling to walk in to a class all amped up because you are so excited for (names have been charged to protect the innocent) Bob's class only to be enthusiastically greeted by Bill instead. Bill is a good instructor, he just isn't Bob. It would assist in avoiding the awkward situation of walking into a class and realizing your instructor isn't there and walking out. It makes poor Bill sad when that happens and YES, Bill does realize it happened. \nAngie is a fantastic Manager and I hope she takes some of theses suggestions to heart.\nLast thing, if you have the means, I highly recommend working with the Personal Trainers here. Troy is loud but effective. Mandy's cuteness belies her ability to push you until you shall be pushed no more. Janet makes you want to give 110%, just so you don't let her down!  \nIs this the cheapest gym in Surprise? Nope. It is; however, clean, diverse and supportive, which is all I could ask for in a gym. Gotta go- cycle at 5:30 in the morning!