Honestly, what is the fuss about? I came here today around 2 oclock with my mom because she wanted to see what the restaurant was about since there's always a long line. Thankfully, there was no line around the time i went. Well to begin with, i didnt like the fact that you had to get your own fountain drink before you pay. People were literally shoving me when I was still pumping my soda. As for the price, I paid $8.95 plus $1.99 for my beverage. I was honestly excited about this ayce lunch. When i got my first plate of food, I already knew what I was in for. The food was bland. Popcorn shrimp was okay. French fries were stale, at the same time as being saturated with oil. mash potatoes taste like they came out of a box. friend chicken was alright. The pot roast was probably the best selection i made there. It was soft and flavorful, although there were a bunch of fatty pieces hanging on the meat. The enchiladas tasted plain and it was dry. Really? yelpers are gonna give this place 4+ stars? the food was so bland. everyone was lining up and rushing each other like they havent ate in years. everytime i turned around, i bumped into someone. Oh, that reminds me. The SALAD. what the hell? how can you mess up salad? the lettuce werent dry enough so when i added my dressing, it got all watery. the ranch didnt taste exactly like ranch. it tasted like watered down ranch. horrible. even my younger brother was like \"what the hell, how come this doesnt taste like ranch?\" The dessert selection made it seem like dessert heaven. Too bad it only looked good. It was so sweet. the chocolate brownie tasted off. I dont know, I cant explain it. It just reminded me of the chocolate brownie that they used to serve in middle school. Carrot cake was sweet too. I liked how they had real ice cream instead of the regular soft serve machine. The butter pecan was so sweet, it literally made my tooth ache. I swear, all the desserts were so sweet. After eating it, I sipped my soda and I couldnt even taste it anymore. the cotton candy was hard. i was the first one to grab one when the lady put fresh cotton candy up. i ripped a piece off and had to tug on it like a mothereffer.   its supposed to be soft and melt in your mouth isnt it?!?! i cant even explain how much i regret coming here. after i left this place, i got a massive headache, probably from all the damn sugar i ate. everything in here is NOT healthy. i shouldve gone to olive garden. overall, this place sucks. its a knockoff version of home town buffet.  NEVER AGAIN!!!!\n\nand the only reason why i gave an extra star is because our waiter Luis was extra nice and attentive to our table.