Although 2013 has not officially ended yet, I think it is safe to assume I can issue out my award for the crappiest transaction I have made of the year. Go Wireless, you not only made the cut, you exceeded every expectation of what a retail store should NOT do.\n\nThis place looks like a Verizon store. I didn't even know it wasn't a Verizon store until halfway through my transaction. No big deal. Was even told that there was a 30 dollar charge Verizon has for dealing with this store. O.K., whatever.\n\nI pay for the phone, renew the contract for 2 years and pay the 30 dollar fee. I am told that with the plan I am changing to I will save over 10 bucks a month.  Outstanding, unfortunately not true.\n\nFast forward. After I get home a day or so later I try to call people I know. Numbers are no longer on my new phone. I also have contacts on there from 3 phones ago.  One guy on my contact list had been dead for over 5 years. I look over the bill. I paid 20 bucks to have my contacts moved over. Obviously a fail.\nI bring the phone back to the store, tell them the situation. Guy I bought the phone from hooks my old phone back up to the new one again. Says I am good to go.  Every contact is listed again for the last 3 phones I had. Says there is nothing he can do about that, and just to delete the old numbers. Again, I paid 20 bucks for this honor.\n\nI get my Verizon bill shortly after. I am charged 30 bucks. I call Verizon, they say no, you pay us 30 bucks for going through them, and they charges you 30 dollars for their own fee.  Now at 60 bucks. Smoke and mirrors. Sure I get it. I figure the hell with it, they got me, keep the money, you won.\n\nNormally I would have let it go, never done business with them again. So, that 10 dollars a month I was supposed to save (by the way did not happen, bill was still the same) however I notice my debit card is being charged 7 bucks a month. So, in addition to paying the same amount on the monthly bill, I am now paying extra for the insurance. 10 bucks a month not saving, plus 7 bucks extra for insurance, $408.00 extra over two years.  If that doesn't sound like a lot, send me a check for $408.00.\n\nFunny thing is, I never gave them my debit card to give the insurance company, nor do I ever authorize automatic deductions from my account. When I asked go wireless about this, no one could ever produce a document where I authorized a third party to start billing me.  \n\nSo, it gets worse. I call go wireless on the number on my invoice.  no one calls me back. I go down to the store, told I can only talk to the manager I bought the phone from.  Apparently the employees in the store cannot do anything about it.  Went in twice when the manager was supposed to be in. He wasn't.  Finally, after several messages, I actually get him on the phone.  He says the store just opened up (even though it was an hour past when the website says they open) and he doesn't have a computer on. I tell him I can wait. He says he will call me back in a half hour. He doesn't. I call back later that day, leaving a few messages telling the manager specifically to call me back. Phone never rang back.\n\nI call back 3 separate days and leave messages. Guess what, phone never rang back.\n\nI go back into the store, of course the only soul who can apparently help me is a fucking ghost.  I tell the kid working the counter my dilemma, DO NOT CHARGE MY DEBIT CARD EVERY MONTH, why the hell is this happening?  Can you provide me a document where I authorized a third party who I have no idea who they are to have access to my bank info and charge me every month? He hands me a brochure with their phone insurance companies info and apologizes that I did not receive that when I bought my phone and was not informed that I would be charged every month separate from my Verizon bill. I wonder if I am supposed to wipe my ass with it because I don't care at this point, I am pissed off I was never told.  I leave a message with the kid working the counter to have the manager, the only person who can do anything about this, to call me A.S.A.F.P. the next day.  he said he would be there in the morning and would make sure he called me tomorrow. No call was made to me.\n\nFinally, a week later I get this fucking guy on the phone. He instantly knows who I am because he has black belt skills in dodging any sort of effort to even talk to me.  Tells me he worked it out and and my debit card will not be charged anymore for the insurance on the phone. I ask him twice after that \"Are you sure?\" He said yes. Nope, statement next month billed me for the insurance. Thanks dick hole.\n\nSee, here is the deal guy. If you are an asshole, rip me off, sell me something that sucks, I can generally deal with that. However, you lied to me. Several times.  When you lie to someone, especially a customer, you are saying \"Your stupid.\" The hell with this store, hope to God this place is out of business soon. Don't be stupid do NOT go here. \n\nFuck you go wireless.