If there's one thing we've learned through our frequent pizza hunting throughout the city is that, often times, the most incredible food is sometimes found in the most unlikely of places.  \n\nThere's a cozy little pizzeria not too far from here called Il Bosco. At first glance, I would have quickly dismissed them as another neighborhood \"filler.\" In Biltmore, there's a locally owned joint called Base Pizzeria hidden in a cookie-cutter strip mall. Both places have become two favorites that my girlfriend and I often revisit once every few months, despite very low expectations initially.\n\nSo going into CM2, I tried to keep an open-mind. I don't live in this neighborhood, so I'm not judging it based on convenience from my house. I'm basing it on quality in comparison to my other pizza experiences. And as much as I wish I didn't have to say it, I don't really feel this place offers as much as I had hoped.\n\nThe decor is nicely designed and the place, despite being pretty dead on a Saturday night, had a cool atmosphere to it. I've never dined at the nearby Casa Mia (same ownership), but I'm assuming many of its patrons are also fans of this restaurant as well.\n\nSome of the reviewers claim it's fully authentic Italian pizza, comparable to what they've had in Italy. Although I find this questionable when I see pizza options that offer BBQ sauce and fish combined with cheese, but hey - it's all about what you like, I guess.\n\nWe started with a meat and cheese board, which consisted of three of each, as well as some olives and a measly two cuts of heavily toasted bread. I think we've just become spoiled, as many boards these days are a bit more creative in their presentation, adding in fruits, figs, oil, and all kinds of neat little surprises. This one was pretty standard. I know what can be had for 20 bucks and I can assure you, it's far more than what is offered here.\n\nFor pizzas, we ordered a standard margherita and a fico, featuring everyone's favorite food perfume: truffle oil. I'll admit, the pizza looked good. The crust had that nice charred and slightly bubbly texture that usually delivers in taste. Unfortunately, a few bites revealed that it was void of any flavor - meaning that no amount of toppings would save these pizzas from failure. The tomato sauce had that pasty aftertaste, while the cheese, fig jam, and speck on the fico were passable.\n\nServers were friendly, albeit a bit slow considering how dead they were. Total price was way too high, considering we decided to bypass dessert and have paid the equivalent for food that's both superior in quality and quantity elsewhere.  \n\nIf you live in the neighborhood and are simply wanting local food, then I'm sure this place will work out just fine. But if you're like us and actually go out of your way to seek out good pizza spots and have a strong baseline for comparison, you'll probably be less than impressed.