Healthier eaters REJOICE, you have a new choice in town.  CoreLife is a great concept of choose your own healthy salad, grain or broth bowls.  Complete meals in a bowl that are not only healthy but delicious as well as prepared fast.  Fast food does not have to be bad for you anymore.\nYou pick the toppings for your own creation or tinker with the set menu to make your belly happy.  Don't want the chicken on your grilled chicken wild rice blend bowl?  Okay, substitute steak.  Don't want the wild rice blend?  Okay, pick kale and quinoa instead. That is what we did when we visited as guests for the soft grand opening Facebook promotion.  \n\nWe found this eatery to be bright, open, and colorful.  The ordering station is chock full of healthy ingredients for you to create a delicious meal.  The ingredient choices are plentiful too.  Choose a base whether salad, grains or bone broth and build from there.  Staff was very helpful and quick to make your creation. I really like the fact that they make everything in house like the dressings, juices, teas, and bone broths.  \n\nDrink station: - so many healthy choices.  Many different flavors of fresh squeezed lemonade, iced teas and an iced coffee.  Mix or matching is allowed. Sorry, no pop choices here.  \n\n\nFrom their website:\nwe are core\nWhy is it so hard to eat nutritious food that feeds your body and your soul every day? The evidence supporting the power of eating well continues to grow, yet unhealthy, processed foods continue to dominate our food experiences. At CoreLife Eatery, we want to change that. We want to make the food you eat a true energy source! We believe that the food you eat determines how you feel, how you look, and most importantly, how you perform. Whether you're an elite athlete, a weekend warrior, or you just want to feel great every day, what you eat is everything. The old saying \"you are what you eat\" is right on!\n\nour food values\nWe've created CoreLife Eatery to bring clean, healthy and great tasting foods to everyone every day. We feature hearty bowls that are complete meals in themselves featuring greens, grains and bone broths. All of our ingredients are free of GMO's, trans fats, artificial colors, sweeteners and other artificial additives. Our chicken and steak are sustainably raised, and never ever given antibiotics or hormones. We buy local when and where we can, in fact, check out our \"local\" wall to see what's in season around us. We also believe that hiring local team members to prepare our food, and paying them well, is much better than having it come \"ready to eat\" from a manufacturing plant across the country.