i don't use profanity in my reviews, but i cannot find any other words that can express the hot wings.  they are so fucking delicious it's ridiculous.  the chicken wing is cooked well, where it gets crispy and is juicy in the middle.  there is little fat, you you are actually eating a chicken wing.  i pretty much ate everything off the bone.  they have many different kinds of sauce you can select, mild to suicide, honey, bbq, and those sweet flavors with heat for any taste you're in the mood for.  the hot sauce (the step down from suicide) with the wing itself, created the most delicious hot wing i ever had.  it had heat and flavor, without too much of a vinegar taste.  i seriously wanted to lick the plate.  on wednesday their special is 10 wings for $3.00.\n\nthe only reason why i did not give this place 5 stars was because of the bartender.  the drinks were weak.  they use canned juice and red bull instead of the bulk or spout kind, which i appreciate the taste.  i went up to the bar and said i wanted to do a shot.  i am spoiled and don't know the names of any shots (my regular bartenders knows what me and my friends like and will just randomly make stuff that he knows we'll like).  i tell the bartender vodka is ok, no tequila, something that tastes kind of like fruit punch.  she rolls her eyes with her hands on her hips and mentions they don't have any fruit punch.  i mention that the only thing i can remember the name of is the around the world, and she told me you can't make that into a shot.  hahahaha, that's pretty much all i know it as, she was ridiculous.  she made this grape and pineapple juice crap that hardly tasted like booze (i saw her pour, it was pretty much just juice).  aside from her, the server, who was nice, got mine and my friends drink mixed up.  she had a red straw in the one she thought was the raspberry, but the mandarin was made in that glass, so we switched.  when i ran out of my drink, i asked for another mandarin red bull and she brought me a raspberry since the red straw was in it. \n\nthey do karaoke on wednesday and another night i cannot remember.  the selection of songs is great.  there were newer songs.  they had amy winehouse, hot hot heat, panic at the disco, fall out boy, the entire rent soundtrack (which my friend was excited about).  the ones i was amazed to see were teddy geiger, ryan adams, and jeff buckley.  and if that wasn't all... fuck her gently by tenacious d.  my friends and i have wanted to sing this song at our bar forever, they wouldn't even let us sing it a capella.  it was so rad to sing it, it was like some great accomplishment.