Fried chicken is just one of the things I crave ALL the time, especially crispy fried chicken.  I have this love love relationship with fried chicken, there really isn't anything special about it....it's just that I love the crispy skin and then the tender chicken (mostly the skin). MMMMMM.\n\nSo I'm weird, and I when I'm craving something, sometimes I send a mass message out to friends and ask where the best _________ is.  This time, obvi it was fried chicken so I asked a few people.  KFC, Chicken-on-the-way, Fritou Chicken, Yum yum BBQ and Olive chicken were some of the places mentioned.  Olive chicken caught my eye.  I read reviews about this place, heard that it's Korean style fried chicken and really good so I decided to drag my sister and make the stop.  \n\nOlive chicken is downtown on 10th avenue SW, in a Korean strip mall area.  Parking is chaos as there is a grocery store nearby and some of the spots are reserved.  I parked on the street right across from Olive chicken as it was after 6PM.  When you walk in, there are menus displayed and the specials are written on a chalk boards.  There is a visible seating area but it is quite small.  I would imagine it gets busy and tight during the lunch hour!  Dani and I decided to go with the small hot & sweet sauce chicken (5 pieces) and went with the sauce on the side as some Yelpers suggested.  I reallllly wanted to try the poutine but we decided to go with the \"healthier\" alternative and ordered veggies............that are deep fried ;) haha ANYway, we were the only customers so our batch was hot and fresh straight from the fryer.  We took a seat, grabbed the fried chicken and took a bite. *CRUUUNCH*....mmmmmm that's exactly what I like to hear when I bite into fried chicken!  I found Olive chicken to be less greasy than some other places and I really enjoyed the crispiness of the chicken.  I'm happy I opted for the sauce on the side as it was OK...sweet with a hit of spiciness, some would enjoy but I like plain fried chicken (or with ketchup...See!! Weird I know...).  Dani mentioned it wasn't too greasy and the chicken was juicy...she enjoyed it. For the deep fried vegetables, they were lightly battered, slightly salted and very crispy.  The vegetables included onions, broccoli, carrots and kabocha squash, very tasty!\n\nOlive chicken is a great place to get your fried chicken fix!  Next time I will try an Olive special with a side of poutine!!  Head over to Olive chicken if you're in the area...you won't be disappointed!  OH!  Rumor has it, they are opening another location on 17th avenue SW in the near future...YUM YUM YUM!\n\nMouthing OLIVE CHICKEN = I LOVE CHICKEN! Not sure if they were going for that but I thought it was so clever ^_^