Life would be more beautiful if I didn't have work the next morning...\n\nThe third and final day of the 2015 Life is Beautiful was my first time here. I wasn't going to go at all and hadn't even thought about the possibility until my friend shared a relatively good offer that he had found for VIP wristbands. I decided that it would be a fun, unique experience at the least. However, I didn't expect that I'd end up considering it an incredible value.\n\nMost of my highlights and memories from today will be the music. I mostly stayed near the Downtown Stage, which I would consider as the main stage. The Green started off with a decent reggae set. Saint Motel sounded great and delivered a great performance of their most well-known song \"My Type.\" Walk The Moon had one of the day's best sets. They were energetic and definitely gave their \"older\" fans (note: they've only had two major albums) something to cheer about by closing with their first single \"Anna Sun.\"\n\nAfter night fell, Brandon Flowers took the stage and delivered strongly on his hits as well as his lesser-known solo songs. It was all going smoothly until he seemingly had a \"keyboard issue\" in the middle of his set and had to have it replaced. Strangely, his band and backup singers had filed off the stage. When the new keyboard was put in place and revealed, everyone saw the \"k\" on it and cheered because they knew what was coming: a series of a certain local band's famous songs starting with \"Mr. Brightside\" and ending with \"When You Were Young,\" although that mini-set was notably missing \"Somebody Told Me.\"\n\nWeezer was my last hurrah at the Downtown Stage. They played pretty much all of their hits as well as their new single \"Go Away,\" which features Bethany Cosentino. Coincidentally, she was there performing with her own group Best Coast earlier, so of course they brought her on stage for that duet-of-sorts. Their set even had an encore with their highest-charting single \"Beverly Hills\" and their classic \"Buddy Holly,\" both of which I had been eagerly awaiting the whole time. After Weezer concluded their performance, it seems that almost everybody, myself included, headed over to the Ambassador Stage on the opposite side of the venue for Death Cab For Cutie. I had to cut my viewing of that band short because my friends were leaving, but I heard several of their notable songs. They were pretty solid, but they didn't seem especially inspired in my opinion.\n\nFood is a big thing here. However, it seems that all of the food for sale is pretty overpriced, and the menus of even the interesting names are limited to mass-appeal products, like the burger from Fleur (by Hubert Keller) and the lobster roll and hot dog at RM Seafood \/ Rx Boiler Room. If I want overpriced restaurants or food trucks, I'll go to the Strip or the Great American Foodie Fest, respectively. Also, it seems that they've attracted a lot fewer non-Vegas chefs this year, which lessens the feel of exclusivity even more.\n\nFortunately, VIP access meant that I could head over to the cooking demonstrations and score free samples, all of which were delicious. Adam Sobel, a chef with ties to Vegas and a current position leading Michael Mina's test kitchen in San Francisco, prepared a za'atar cured salmon flatbread despite his vegan heritage. Steve Samson, who had a brief stint as a Vegas sous chef before eventually opening Sotto in LA, demonstrated a sous vide lamb with arugula and a pecorino not-Romano. Finally, Carla Pellegrino showed us a boiled octopus that she eventually served with potatoes, fava beans, and pesto. I should note that there was one cocktail demo by Eric Hay of Wirtz Beverage where we didn't have the opportunity to sample anything. Fiddlesticks.\n\nI did pay attention to some of the art in passing. There's a lot to find if you're really into that kind of thing, and I was most surprised to see Snoopy and Hello Kitty with parts of their skeletons revealed. As for the speaker events, I didn't attend any of those although it seems that I would had a huge scheduling conflict with the only speaker I would have cared about on Day 1, if I had been able to go.\n\nWe're down to the finer details now. I appreciated and often utilized the charging stations in the VIP area, although I should have brought my own chargers and\/or battery packs because the provided cables were slow. The water stations were reasonably convenient, but because they didn't have any water stations directly inside the VIP areas, I did a lot of walking and RFID scanning today in spite of keeping close to one stage. Weather was hot, but that's not truly within the organizers' control. Finally, I'm sure parking isn't the easiest situation for this kind of huge event in this part of town, but we found a legit and inexpensive spot relatively nearby.\n\nI'm hearing rumors that Life is Beautiful may have ended its run. If so, this was a great last day, and I have no regrets about going. Hopefully, they'll be back and better.