Well, I have to admit that I wasn't expecting to be blown away by the cuisine here, but goodness gracious was I. Stopped in promptly after 5pm to sample this new East Blvd restaurant installment and I'm thrilled that we did. It's in the old Sutton House building at the corner of East and Kenilworth. You can't miss it now. Upon the Yellow brick rests a glorious mural facing the Kenilworth side and it's gnarly. Really like the aesthetic. \n\nThe interior has your typical kitschy bar decor, pop art on surfboards, and plenty of beer paraphernalia. Tables, booths along the east wall, ample bar seating, 25 draught beers with plenty being local(s), cocktails a gogo, and a moderately expansive menu. On to the meal.\n\nStarted with the chips and salsa -- Pineapple and tomatillo. The pineapple salsa was great, perky, laden with cilantro, and super sweet. It worked well with the lime salt on the chips. The tomatillo....lacking. It had a pretty viscous consistency and I didn't enjoy it very much at all. Topped with a bit of Cholula and it was passable. There are a few different salsas. I'm looking forward to trying them all. \n\nTacos. Hmm where to start other th....AMAZING. Dude. Seriously. The tortillas are textbook. Flour tortillas were choice du jour and are lightly fried, puffy, housing a slight crunch and retains a light chew throughout. I'd like to lobby for a take-home pack of these tortillas, por favor. Went with the pablano shrimp tacos. Sign me up. Every time. Smoky pablanos, chipotle cream, slaw, spicy shrimp. I didn't want them to end. Your order can consist of two or three tacos. I went with two and it was plenty for an entree. \n\nTempura avocado tacos. Umm...vegetarians should be lining the block for these. I was astonished at the flavor(s). I may order these again for myself. Great job, fellas. \n\nSides. Mexican Street Corn. I repeat, MEXICAN STREET CORN. Just go look at the photo I posted. Stellar execution. Try it. Thank me later. Repeat. \n\nBlack beans and rice. They were A-OK. Flavor was rather pungent but a nice rounded side for tacos. \n\nPrice point is fair, staff was suuuuper friendly, and the location is great. Only real problem, which I'm sure all could commiserate on, is the parking issue. We walked since we live in the neighborhood, but the parking situation is abysmal. Garage parking, some street parking, or snag a space at an adjacent business and pray not to get towed. Maybe that vacant lot can turn into something in the future? Hmmm...\n\nSynopsis: We'll be back. Very soon. (For more of those tacos, no doubt)\n\nCheers and welcome to the neighborhood, Longboards!