While in town for business, a co-worker asked if I would like to try a new Mexican restaurant for dinner. My answer of course was: \"absolutely!\"  The only issue here, was that he could not remember the name.  As he navigated our way to the restaurant I launched a brief investigation through Yelp to see if i could crack this case and figure out the name of this mystery establishment.  The case quickly escalated to red alert status as my findings were leading me to believe that we may be headed to Plaza Azteca, a rapidly growing Mexican chain restaurant!\n\nAs we continued the journey, I began to break out in a sweat.  As we got closer, and he said \"it should be right around the corner here,\"I clenched the arm rest tightly and said a quick prayer and played out my exit strategy\/speech in my head: \"Oh Lord Jesus it's a chain restaurant, got out of the car, and ran for my life, didn't grab my phone, laptop bag or nothing Jesus, I just ran for my life!\"  But as we rounded that corner, my prayers had been answered as signage for Don Jose Mexican Grill gloriously appeared!  Phew!!!   \n\nThe things I put myself through can't be good for my heart!  Fortunately, fine Mexican food certainly is, right?  \n\nDJMG is tucked away in a small strip mall.  The inside of the restaurant is subtlety and tastefully decorated.  They do not not go over the top to the degree that you see many Mexican restaurants go.  The lighting is somewhat dimmed, creating a soothing and calming environment.\n\nService was just fair.  Our waiter did not come across as a very joyful soul.  He appeared at our table, pad and pen in hand ready to write.  When questions were asked they were answered, just not with any excitement or enthusiasm.  I am not saying he was rude because he was not, just could have displayed more of a welcoming demeanor.\n\nComplimentary chips and salsa certainly get you bonus points, although it really should be an expectation.  The chips were served warm with a nice sized bowl of salsa.  Not the best salsa, not the worst salsa, just fine salsa.\n\nAs many Mexican restaurants have, DJMG has quite an expansive menu.  The combination platters featured allow you to sample a few of the offerings in one sitting.  I also like that the menu had descriptions on the back cover as each item was thoroughly described.  If you need a refresher on a \"chalupa\", just turn to the back page.  I ended up going for the combo including: chalupa, beef enchilada and a chile relleno.  I am pleased to say that every thing was very good, nothing was left on the plate.  The highlight for me here was the chile relleno, outstanding!  My co-worker also thoroughly enjoyed his burrito.  It was certainly a monster as it stretched almost both length and width the entire span of the plate.\n\nIt is also worth mentioning that DJMG has a full service bar.  Many of these type of Mexican restaurants are turning to BYOB.  You can grab a Dos Equis draft accompanied by a lime at DJMG.\n\nIf DJMG is a chain, it is not one that I have ever been to before.  The food was great and would certainly be willing to relive this adventure some day soon.