As real and authentic as it gets!!  As good as it gets!!\n\nTerri R and I were planning our next meal together and when she found out that I haven't had a good pizza in at least 3 years, she gave me a choice of 3 different places out here.  Not knowing where to go (remember I haven't had a good pizza in awhile), Terri suggested Due Forni.\n\nWhen it comes to pizza in general, you have your branded commercialized choices (i.e. Pizza Hut, Papa Johns, etc), NY Style, Chicago deep dish, and the authentic stuff.  Due Forni is the authentic stuff for sure.\n\nTheir easy one page menu, descriptions of the pizzas, and the pictures from other Yelpers immediately reminded me of my last visit in Italy.  I even knew what to expect; a thin crusted, a little runny, and a very tasty pizza that wasn't overwhelmingly saucy. If I got anything different, I would be disappointed.  \n\nWe chose the Quattro Formaggi which consisted bufala mozzarella (cheese from water buffalo milk), ricotta, parmesan, and fontina fontal (cheese from cow milk).  Your crust choices are Napoletana (cooked in their 900 degree oven, result is a chewy crust with crispy outside) or their Romana (cooked in their 500 degree oven result is a thin and crispy pizza).  We got the Napoletana and it was simply delicious.  The pizza was just what I expected and exactly what I've experienced in Italy itself.  The inside decor, seating, and colors even reminded me of some restaurants in Firenze.\n\nService was great and the waitress took the time to give me, since I am the noob here, a detailed description of everything on the menu.  She also reminded us that we can add any type of topping on our pizza of choice.  Authentic pizza without the European prices equals a perfect a deal. \n\nYou really can't go wrong with Due Forni if authentic pizza is your thing.  If you enjoy the Americanized branded pizza, Chicago Style or New York Style, then Due Forni may or might not be for you.  But if you ever experienced a pizza the way it's suppose to be made and loved it, then Due Forni is a can't miss, a must try, and as good as it gets.  Visit again or bookmark it, you can' go wrong.\n\nPS: Thanks Terri R.  Pizza slump cured!!!