Came here to investigate their 5.99 1 pound Porterhouse deal. Driving on the 15 freeway going either way, you cant help but notice their huge sign offering this deal. Located inside Lucky Club Casino and Hotel off of Cheyenne and Civic Center Drive, Lucy's Bar and Grill has some decent food at ridiculously low prices.\n\nAs you make your way to restaurant, you will see big signs along the walls that advertise some of the other specials like 9.99 Steak n Lobster, 3.99 10 oz Ribeye, and 3.99 10 oz Hamburger.\n\nMe and the wifey are greeted and shown to our table. Since my wife had dinner already, I went ahead and got the Porterhouse deal. Came out in about 10 minutes. If you refer to my pic, it does look like a legit 1 pounder. The taste? It was ok. They don't put any spices on it or anything. I asked for it medium rare. I got it more medium well. I didn't want to hassle with asking for another steak so I just ate it since it was still kind of decent. It came with a baked potato and a small corn on the cob. The baked potato was actually pretty good loaded with butter and sour cream. The corn, well it sucked. like it was overcooked by leaving it in the microwave too long. \n\nService was good. The guy got our order, brought it out, and gave us refills. I really didn't need to ask for anything.\n\nSome negatives. If you refer to my review of the casino itself, then you will understand this next part. The café itself has a bar situated in the middle towards the back. You have booths lined up all along the walls. Of course you can smoke if you are at the bar. What really bothered me was that it didn't matter where you sat in the whole entire café, if anybody was smoking at the bar, you are inhaling second hand smoke guaranteed. The casino that its in is 24 hours but the café is not. Also, last time I was here, you needed a player card to get the advertised price. When I paid for the bill, I handed him my player card to get the meal deal price. He said that it wasn't necessary. Last time I ate here, they made me get a player card to get the quoted price but this time I don't need it? Come on guys, lets get some consistency going here!\n\nSo in closing, this is the kind of place that \"You get what you pay for\" in the end. The meal deals are good, but you gotta deal with negative elements to get it.\n\nYelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #72