Solid sliced Smoked Beef Brisket sandwich.  Probably the best I have had in Vegas for sure.  You can tell this meat has been handled meticulously throughout.  I'm pretty sure these Brisket are cooked (smoked) a day or two in advance then cooled to be prepared and served.     Steamed and sauced to perfection after being thinly sliced on a meat slicer.  My sandwich had at least a 1\/2 lb or more of tender brisket piled high and sauced with a KC style BBQ sauce.  Served on a tasty toasted sesame onion bun.  The bread was fresh and held together very nicely with the large portion of meat.  I'm not sure the baker of this bread but it had a great onion flavor.  For $10.99 you get this healthy size sandwich and a 6oz side.  I chose the house made American potato salad because I like the mayo mustard flavor.  This one was but could have used bigger chucks of onion and pickle. Otherwise a solid recipe.  \n\nThe new and clean facility has seating for about 40-45 people with both 4 top tables and a bar counter area. Also available on the menu was a selection of cold subs sliced fresh to order using Boar's Head meats and cheeses, along with hot subs like a french dip, burgers, and pulled pork.  This is not Subway so expect to wait while your sandwiched is prepared by real \"sandwich artists\".  If your in a hurry and can't be patient.... go somewhere else. \n\nThe deli\/restaurant  is conected to a full service butcher shop offering everything from ground beef, to femur bones for marrow, to frog legs.  Beef choices were fresh at fair and market prices. They also carry house made sausages in traditional and unique varieties.  Other prepackaged meats were also available in their refrigerated section. \n\nCan't wait to try other menu items. Enjoy!\n\nHad the French Dip today. Oh so good! Thinly sliced beef left to char on the griddle until it's crispy on the edges. Yumm!  The meat was tender and juicy and the cheese gooey and melted.  The French roll nicely toasted. Man this sandwich is beautiful.   \n\nI also tried the craft beer Sidewinder fries.  My new favorite way to eat potatoes.  They were perfectly crispy fried. You must try these when you get here.