When you don't follow any kind of dietary restrictions, and you're not religious, dining out with a kosher friend can be a generally not-so-satisfying challenge. I remember years ago someone taking me to the former 'King David' Chinese kosher restaurant that used to be in Squirrel Hill, and had THE single most boring and bland plate of Asian food EVER. I have actually had Chinese food that gave me actual food poisoning that tasted better. Since my house isn't kosher, and I can't take anything to a kosher family's house except kosher wine or garden herbs or fresh veggies from the garden, going out to eat at a kosher restaurant is about the ONLY option. And usually, for an omnivore, this is not a tasty occasion.\n\nSo my better half's mom, who does keep kosher, came to town and she wanted to go to dinner. She not only keeps kosher, but also has other dietary restrictions to keep arthritis in check. Making it even more of a challenge.\n\nWith not very much to choose from to cover all of those bases she suggested Eighteen, which I had never heard of. \n\nLocated to the side of Pinsker's in Squirrel Hill, the space is actually very pleasant. Linens on the tables, candles, very comfortable lighting, and a tasteful decor. The staff, though hard to find at first, was incredibly friendly and attentive. \n\nWe took our seats and perused the menu, which specializes in sushi, and found quite a creative smattering of dishes.\n\nBecause of the restrictions, mominlaw's order was specific, and they were very happy to help her. She ordered a few of the sushi offerings her way, and I settled on the one dish that a non-kosher person would most safely like, the fettuccine Alfredo with portabella mushrooms. I almost chose the 'Reuben' they had on the menu, until I realized the trick my eyes had played on me. What I thought was roast 'beef' turned out to be 'beet'. Me and those purple roots just do not get along.\n\nThe sushi arrived, was very nicely presented, with a nice bowl of wasabi. She loved it, and it totally took care of her needs.\n\nThe Alfredo was very creamy, though not cheesy, with obviously fresh herbs, a decent portion of the mushrooms on top, and came in a very filling portion. It was really rather delicious.\n\nNow, this is not going to be a regular haunt for me. I like my meat and cheese, and love them together. However, after trying different kosher offerings, whether home cooked, catered (I used to work at a private Jewish school), or in other restaurants like the late King Davids, I am very glad to see that there is one very pleasant little spot that doesn't do all-bland where I can go once in that blue moon when someone has such dietary restrictions and actually enjoy the meal.\n\nThe pricing is rather high, which is a little disappointing, but since it's only a once-in-that-blue-moon kind of thing, it's okay. And if you do keep kosher, Eighteen is a very nice option for dining out.\n\nAgain, I can't praise the staff enough for being sweet, kind and attentive, and even the big screen TV that they were feeding from YouTube threw me a few surprises. All of a sudden on came the Buena Vista Social Club. Wow. Good choices guys!