Word to the wise: make sure you eat before you go so that by the time your food arrives, you'll be hungry again.\n\nI'm just disappointed that I had to wait 20 minutes to be greeted by our server without the thrill of a lap dance.\n\nWe were so thrilled when our server finally arrived, that we gave him our drink, appetizer, and entree selection. I'm not sure if you've heard, but this is how service at a restaurant normally works: You arrive, you're greeted by the host\/hostess then seated at the proper table that will accommodate your party size comfortably. Next, the server or server assistant greets you within 5 minutes to take your drink order and offer some appetizer suggestions. Once the drinks arrive they take the order for both your appetizer and your entree or just your appetizer and give you some more time to look over the menu while they put your appetizer in...should I say more? Guess what happened after he took all three orders? Another 20 minutes of staring at each other and our appetizers arrived. They took so long to get to us, I forgot what we ordered! Apparently, we ordered the Craw Puppies. They were good, an innovative dish with an original sauce to match.\n\nUnfortunately, the appetizer was a tease for the beast (my stomach). Guess what came after the appetizer? Another wait...by this time, I was trying to think happy thoughts and sing some lullabies to keep the beast distracted. My date asked if we could have some bread (since all the other tables around us had some) while we were waiting. He also asked the server if he could check on the status of our food. My date decided to take a smoke break while I started to die in slow motion and feel my stomach feed off itself.\n\nFinally, our food arrives. I had ordered the catfish platter which came with two sides. I chose greens and sweet potato fries. The starvation I was experiencing made me so delusional that I actually thought the word \"platter\" meant more than one piece of fish. Nope...just one. As long as the food took, I was hoping that the cook had gone to the lake and caught a  school  of fish for me to eat. Can you believe that after all that my greens were gross & cold?! AND my sweet potato fries were lukewarm. Unfortunately, I had to work the next day...so I couldn't send them back. I did ENJOY my  catfish, however, as long as it took to make...I was expecting it to be ORGASMIC. I did want to try dessert, but like I said before...I had to work the next evening.\n\n\nThe moral of the story? LUKEWARM THINGS COME TO THOSE WHO WAIT!\n\nMANAGEMENT: AN HOUR AND A HALF FOR A 2 COURSE MEAL?! ARE YOU EFFING KIDDING ME?!! Please feel free to retrain your staff using my tips as a guide. I swear, I won't even take credit for it.