This is one of those places I probably never would have gotten around to visiting without two driving factors: out-of-town visitors, and Groupon. The subject matter never would have drawn me, and for the same reason I have tradtionally avoided sports, garages, and Westerns and war movies at the Saturday matinees: they are BOY'S stuff! Yawn!! But, being the trooper that I am, not to mention a gracious hostess, (ok, there WAS the promise of lunch afterwards), I sucked it up and made the ten-block journey.\n\n There was a lot of material more geared to the scientifically inclined and\/or testosterone endowed, but I was intrigued by the displays of artifacts from the period, and was jarred with childhood reminiscences  of bomb shelters and air raid warnings. Remember the noon whistle that used to go off on Saturdays? Whatever happened to that? And when did they stop teaching children to hide under their desks during a nuclear attack? Has the government stopped caring??? But I digress...\n\nJust when black and white video clips of events I actually remember (like the Beatles appearing at the rotunda of the Convention Center) were starting to make me feel really old, along would come a lab-coated employee\/volunteer to share some interesting tidbit about their days working at Mercury (yes, we always just called the test site \"Mercury\"), and I was feeling sprightly again. (Did I mention those matinees I was avoiding were at the old Huntridge theater? Yes, it really used to be open).\n\nIn all seriousness, there was a lot of material and information to be absorbed, and the test simulation was a cool experience, as was talking with the people who lived it. One thing that stuck with me was a letter on display written by a biology professor in Japan to the testing agency. He was describing an incident where a test bomb had been detonated in the Pacific ocean, with a Japanese fishing boat unfortunately near. The crew were now sick with the symptoms of radiation poisoning and he was inquiring as to what would be the best treatment for their illness. Good luck with that. They didn`t have a copy of the answer that was sent.