I was extremely excited to be able to support a small business in my area and have given the business several opportunities to make up for their issues which I initially thought was because it was new but it's going on 3 months since opening and things have only gone downhill in terms of quality and consistency. Don't let the name fool you, this is no italian market. I would be surprised if they even have a slicer on the premises as you cannot buy cured meats or any italian cheeses on site aside from prepackaged items and dry pasta that I'm pretty sure has been there since its grand opening.\n\nDecor is nice. Outdoor seating features fire pits and the interior is a mix of rustic wood and brick. Their brick oven looks impressive--custom designed down to the name of the business--Tony Bolony--but wait, isn't their business called Plantones? A quick google shows Tony Baloneys is a trademarked named business in San Francisco. Perhaps an oversight on their part and a very pricey one.\n\nIt's unfortunately another one of those restaurants that makes the mistake of opting to provide both fast food service (go to the counter to order, fill your own drinks etc) with server service. If they wanted to provide a full service dining experience they should just offer it when you walk in. And since you aren't assigned any server in particular food runners get confused since they didn't take your order and don't know where to go or who to look for or who to give the food. More often than not I will get my food before the customers who arrived before me for whatever reason. I guess I'm just lucky? Cashiers are hit and miss--some are just there obviously for the paycheck. No smile no greeting. Just jaded looking teenagers waiting to clock out. Servers have always provided service with a smile--more recently they have been exceptional, the only reason they should get any stars at all.\n\nThe actual pizzas are virtually flavorless. The bottoms of pizzas show their lack of cleaning of their oven. Covered in black soot. Perhaps they thought this would add to the flavor of the pizza? It's hard to tell that they were baked in a brick oven pizza as it lacks any flavor hinting towards that. The pepperoni itself is sparse and extremely mild. The grilled chicken also has no seasoning whatsoever and the texture of their mushrooms is miserable--like they boiled or microwaved them and just threw them into storage. Another pizza place which shall remain unnamed has $8 12\" pizzas with unlimited toppings with over 30 to choose from... Plantones (10\" for $10) just can't compare with less than 20 toppings.\n\nSandwiches are extremely small for the price and NOTHING like the owner posted photos! The meat is sparse and also lack flavor. The chicken parm is a soggy mess and maybe 4 inches long! The italian sausage barely has any seasoning and lacks any spice whatsoever... The meat in the baloney sandwich was completely blackened--no joke! I guess this is what happens when a realtor tries to be a restaurateur. If he wants his business to succeed the restaurant would be better off without him there as he completely lacks customer service skills and seems to have a poor attitude when he is there.