This is my go-to boba spot despite the fact that it is about a minute drive for me lol. I go here pretty often and some of the workers know me now which is pretty cool since they take the time to remember frequent customers and their service is one of the best I have seen. \n\nMy first few experiences with this place wasn't good because of things like diluted milk teas, running out of boba, etc. but I kept coming back since my friends had positive experiences. I finally found my favorite drink which I highly recommend trying. The Okinawa milk tea with the honey boba is one of the best drinks I've had and they just pair so well with each other. It tastes sweet (but not too sugary) with the right amount of milkiness and tea flavor. If you prefer a more creamier and sweeter drink, then go for the Hokkaido milk tea which is also pretty good. Another drink I recommend trying if you are a matcha lover is the matcha milk tea which is pretty good. \n\nI ordered the sunset smoothie which tasted alright, but what threw me off was how the fruits were all blended together to make this light orange (cantaloupe looking) color. I am used to seeing bits of fruits in my fruit based drinks or at least different streaks of colors. This wasn't a big deal, but the drink was pretty sweet so I won't be getting that again. For their taro milk tea, just be prepared for a grittiness since they do use real taro! I didn't know that when I first got it and was really surprised lol. I have been used to the powder stuff so the texture was unappealing to me, but if you do love REAL taro, be sure to check it out! I also ordered the honey milk tea which I didn't like because it was diluted, but I may order it again in the future just to see if it does taste good. The rose milk tea is pretty good, but be warned since it is strong in the sense that it is really floral (think perfume or something along those lines). \n\nI generally don't like to request a drink fixture or remake because it makes me feel bad, but the workers here are really nice and willing to make the drink until it suits your taste. Yesterday, the cashier was really proactive in asking my friend and I to taste our matcha drink before leaving because she said there were some hit and misses with the production of it. It tasted pretty diluted compared to the other times I've been there and she immediately requested it to be remade with more matcha which made it perfect. \n\nI know it's a long review, but I hope it helps you guys get a sense of this place. If you haven't been here yet, be sure to check it out! Feel free to message me if you want to know about other drinks I've tried from this place.