I'd already eaten and can only comment on what I saw.\n\nThinking now of the faults of Nyood's decor, it has everything to do with lighting, which is actually done really well and helps to connect the \"restaurant\/lounge\" together in theme. Unfortunately, this also exposes its budgetary flaws.\n\n- The chandelier, though copied, is a good example of saving and DIY. Downstairs, a large mass of cords - all spray painted black - is jumbled in a messy knot at the top and untangled at the ends to spread light. Upstairs, smaller, single corded versions provide enough light for the setting.\n\nNyood is a newish combo restaurant (downstairs) and lounge (upstairs). The decor is DIY in a monochromatic black-to-white theme that appears to aim toward crisp class, but fails in the details. I'm not a decorator by any means, but even to an untrained eye the aesthetics appear as a meek effort to save. It's so close, but no cigar. \nHere's why:  \n- The exposed bricks along one wall have been haphazardly painted white and fronted by cheap, white bookshelves. Their asymmetric, horizontal separators display false, white, book props and small, brown, wicker baskets that presumably hold nothing and look to be purchased en mass from the dollar store. This wall alone reminds me of when a friend was on a reality show to makeover her room on a budget. The TV version was nice, but a useless and fragile farce from up-close. The wall is pretty from a diner's standpoint, I guess? But for me, I just saw aesthetics on a budget.\n- The Twitter feeds projected on two different walls could also be more useful. This reminds me of bars in japan or iraq where bluetooth devices are set to detect single persons. So a tweeter tweets about a cute 30-something across the room, that is not so large to begin with since obviously the tweeter can see said cute tweetee? Then there's the table of two I watched not speak and only text on their respective devices, maybe to that cutie? There's potential in technology + decor, but it's missed when a tweet communicating the need to re-light a candle around the same time ours went out, didn't result in ours being set aflame again. \n\n- By far the best budget DIY design of Nyood was upstairs. Twice, yarn (!) is used to create create texture. Behind the bar a quote is written with yarn, and when it gets tired can probably, easily be changed. On the opposing wall, in front of the DJ booth, criss-crossed yarn creates a nice effect to detract from another cheaply executed, yet, nice-from- the-other-side-of-the-room, mosaic of 2x2 scraps painted white.\n\n- Sure, the food looked pleasant but I'm glad I ate before I went to Nyood. Call me a pessimist, but something usually has to give. \n\nChristine \"just a note\"-ed me that Roger Mooking is head chef. Good for you, dude I just googled. I virtually always side with the kitchen. \n\nI'm much more interested in investor relations, since that's where support does or doesn't happen for the kitchen. Even with the most creative leveraging, the givens are: slow table turnover, too many paid  staff, rent, equipment, and decor... decor, food, crop crop crop. \n\nI won't go back to try the food despite good reviews on Yelp because decor was also positively rated. No offense to the BOH. \n\nAnd, I got a weak pour of wine.