Oh my gosh. A 3.5 stars overall rating for this place? HOW??\n\nI have just received the absolute worst service in my entire life here. I was expecting so much more from an upscale steak house especially with it being inside the casino. My boyfriend and I were in for a special occasion but our server ruined it with her service. She was not very friendly or helpful. Once we sat down, I was looking for a nice glass of wine and when she asked, \"Can I start you off with anything?\" I told her that it was our first visit and she was just like, \"Oh, well I meant like a drink,\" like I was stupid. I was going to ask for a suggestion or even a drinks list since we didnt even get one, but fuck if you're going to be like that, then hell no.\n\nAfter about 15 more minutes of being neglected and treated badly we finally ordered but then we decided this server was putting me in a bad mood so we left. We stood up and approached who we assumed was the maitre d or manager and told him we were unhappy. He asked if the server didn't take our order yet and we told him that was not the case. Then he said that our appetizers were ready so there shouldn't be a problem. I said I understood that, but that I didn't like the service. He replied, \"So, what? Do you want to leave?\" And I said yes, and tried to begin to explain why I was unhappy but he just said \"Ok then, go ahead.\" Throughout this entire conversation he didn't actually ASK me what the problem was and kept interrupting me and talking over me. What kind of restaurant doesn't even ask or try to remedy the problem and lets an unhappy customer just leave? FUCKING RIDICULOUS. I thought my server was bad, but the manager was even worse. He just lost a potential $200 out the door. I have never been treated so badly in my entire life.\n\nAll of these reviews saying the service was excellent? I don't understand. I work in the restaurant industry, and I have never seen any establishment, fine dine or casual, with such TERRIBLE front of the house manners, menu knowledge, or presentation. And that is saying A LOT.\n\nMaybe it's because I look young and they think I don't have the money? Maybe it's because I'm Asian, and they think Asians are always cheap? Maybe they thought I wasn't dressed up, enough even though everyone else in the fucking ugly-ass, dimly lit restaurant wore jeans and old, faded Tommy Bahama shirts, and they figured they could treat me as less of a worthy customer as everyone else? Well guess what, Bally's Steakhouse? I make that money, I am a successful ASIAN business woman, and I looked fucking BEAUTIFUL that night that I came into your HORRIBLE establishment. Word of advice? Get your act together and FIRE YOUR MAITRE D.\n\nNever, EVER again.