Paradise Valley Burger is the place that you escape from when you say to yourself, 'Self, today I am NOT paying attention to any diet! Nor counting any of those lame things called calories or fat.. Today this is all about my tastebuds and satisfying my WANT! Self you deserve this amazing moment of pure culinary tastebud goodness and why NOT?!' Now. There are also some awesome things on the menu here like salads, should a calorie or fat conscious person be joining in your selfish feast for the ages. But let's get to the burgers because after all, that's what the namesake is all about. I became an instant burger person when we walked in and got a very warm welcome and handed a menu. The place is small and jam packed full of obvious PV Burger login' lipsmacking people.. yes, it's crowded and it's a no frills kind of place. I can dig it..\nI looked the menu up, down and again backwards, forwards. It was hard to decide! There are so many options for burgers; sandwiches; tacos and like I said , those things called ,'salads'. Not today, healthy, NOT today. I actually witnessed one salad of healthy go by and it looked packed full of fresh ingredients and a tad of guilt came over me for my lack of care on my summer bod..yes. Just a little, BUT, not enough for me to go there on this a BURGER day! \nI got the PV Cheese Burger with Bacon! So basic, but that's me. You know, a basic one. This 1\/4 lb. of lean beef between a fresh brioche bun comes loaded with fixin's that you can choose and a sauce , they recommend the 1000 Island ...but the Jalepeno Ranch sounds tasty too!. I went with the 1000 Island  and it made the burger even more delish than it already was. The pickeled onions are different but good! My husband and I split the Cardinal Fries: why not ? My heart can handle just a little more today! Fries smothered in sauce ; jalapeños; pulled pork .. OMG! They are good and rich and seriously share these! Like the burger, they are messy!  I walked out of here so full the guilt I had from this pleasure overload was too much! PV Burger is a tasty find and I can see why it was on Diners\nDrive In's and Dives.. Guy Fieri usually knows good hidden places. Paradise Valley  Burger I'll be back someday for more adventures in your burgers .. to the rest of you , this is a local place too good not to try!