More like 3.5 stars.  Compared to what I think are 4 star buffets like in North Las Vegas, like at Aliante casino, China Star doesn't quite have the variety or quality. China Star's lunch buffet, thoughis a decent value at $6.00 or so for adults. Dinner is $9. I'd rather go to a sit down place, and have less but better food and better service. But we deeiced to try this hugely popular place in North Vegas.\n\nMy nephews, who are half Samoan, love this place.  They are 10 and 14 but are built like they are 14 and 18 year olds and eat that way, too.  The older one LOVES one of their dinner-only entrees: the fresh water crawfish from the same muddy waters you'd find catfish. They're boiled, so simple and delicious.  It  takes a lot of them to make you full because only the tail of this mini lobster is typically eaten.  He piles them on his plate along with rice, fried chicken, and veggies (because his uncle (ME) says he needs too!).  But all that food and he's still hungry. Thankfully, it's all you can eat so  he just gets another plateful...just like everyone else here. I swear some people get three or four plates..\n\nThey have OK tasking siu mai, potstickers, and egg rolls, several types of veggies, and several chicken  dishes such as General Tso's, sweet and sour chicken, orange chicken, as well as boiled shrimp, various noodles, BBQ pork and beef with veggies and more. They have some egg drop and won ton soup which isn't so great. Even good soup gets blah if they sit too long. They have a lot of people going through the doors, so they continuously make small batches of the 30 something dishes. Dessert had some fresh fruit, almond cookies, fortune cookies, and jello.   \n\nThere really isn't an atmosphere. - it's a buffet, after all The lighting is bright and the tables are close together.  There are people who remove plates as you go up to get another plateful, and fill your soda glass. I am stuffed when I leave here and my nephews are too, until they get home and watch TV and start in on popcorn.