No. No no no. NO NO. NO. NO.\nI love JJ's sandwiches. I'll give the god forsaken sandwiches 4 stars if I could. I've been to every JJ's in town, they are spread on the Phoenix map like the plague after all.\nThe service at JJ's is the worst thing I have ever seen next to Mcdonalds. For a sandwich place that pays their employees better than minimum wage, this is the most disappointing service and I am NEVER let down by it. I go in to JJ expecting the worst kind of service, and I receive exactly that. This location is one of the worst.\nI've been here maybe 4-5 times, I love the sandwiches but I just absolutely dread going into this location if it wasn't for the convenience. Scratch that, I actually hate all JJ's. This is a long overdue rant. \nOn New years, after I got off work I decided to get a sandwich. The workers were too tired or something? To even notice me or get off the table to take my order. When they did, he looked annoyed, tired, and looked like he was hating his life. Look son, I just got off from an 8hour shift too. It's almost 11pm and I just want a good sandwich and good service, is that too much to ask? I ask the worker if he could leave the bread in, and he takes the bread that he had in his hand (with the bread out) and tosses it with the most hateful expression I could imagine and grabs a new one. Sorry I don't want some bread sitting out with the bread off of it. He throws the sandwich together and I sit in the dining area to eat, the workers look even MORE equally annoyed because it probably is in their company policy that they are not allowed to sit while a customer is eating in the restaurant. I ask for napkins, he looks at me like I have inconvenienced him. I ask for a cup of water, he looks like I just asked him to climb mt. Everest for him. THIS WASN'T SOME REGULAR EMPLOYEE. This looked like some kind of lead, the manager, or SOMEONE important. Screw this. \nTwo months later, I decided to go back because it's just simply a convenient place. Again, I love the sandwiches, it's just the service that sucks. I ask for the vito, and before I even finish saying it, the girl starts making it. I understand that you guys are FAST but let me finish saying \"extra---\" before you start grabbing the bread and slathering mayo all over it. Before I even finished the transaction, the girl gives me the sandwich. I didn't even have time to tell her add extra oil. not even extra cheese. I couldn't just open up the sandwich and tell her to pour oil all over it on the counter. What the hell. \nA month later, I come back. Maybe it'll be a better experience this time, I think to my self. It's not. \nI grab my waterbottle and I put it under the drink refill machine to get some ice and water. The worker immediately YELLS at me to STOP. I jump in surprise, and I look at him with confusion. This guy doesn't even tell me to stop refilling nicely, he just yells at me with the rudest language like I just stole his grandmother's money. He tells me that it's unsanitary and that I'm not allowed to refill my drink with my waterbottle here. \nLook guy, I work as a cook. I understand sanitary regulations and this is the first place I have ever heard of this. I UNDERSTAND for waterbottles that are extra elongated with small mouth openings that t will make a mess and it probably is unsanitary, but my water bottle was A LARGE OPENING SMALL CAMELBACK waterbottle that fit the refill machine PERFECTLY, and was a tiny 16oz thing that took up maybe half the space as a large JJ's cup. If I were drinking out of the stupid machine with my mouth and salivating all over it, you could yell at me all you want. If I was using the machine to take a bird bath in the store, you can also yell at me, that's fine. \nHOWEVER, even if what I'm doing is against the rules (there was no sign or anything), it gives you NO right to yell at a customer who paid over $20 for a sandwich. If he used polite language, then I would understand. If he approached me saying \"Ma'am, you can't use this with the waterbottle\" I would understand. Not, \"STOP, YOU CAN'T DO THAT\". Like I'm some 5 year old deaf child. Screw this.\nI have tons more stories from other JJ's as well.\nThis review is catered to this store specifically, but other JJ''s services are not worth it. I wouldn't touch the store service with a 10ft pole. I don't know how they get away with making such wonderful sandwiches and having such TERRIBLE service.