Went to Ernie's for karaoke and was treated terribly.  I asked to sing a song that the karaoke DJ did not like, and he told my wife that he would not play it because it contained offensive lyrics.  He had played many other songs containing offensive lyrics, including songs with racial slurs against African Americans and homosexuals.\n\n I approached the DJ, unaware of his conversation with my wife, and asked him \"are we at church?\" as his behavior made no sense.  He was incredibly rude and told me I could leave if I did not like the songs.  He raised his voice to me and acted in an aggressive manner.  When he told my wife that he was censoring this song, he was not as aggressive to her as he was to me.  He treated me completely differently than he treated my wife.\n\nObviously, this is a person who feels comfortable yelling at male customers but acts differently towards female customers.  He told me I should leave 3 to 4 times as I was standing at the booth.  At no time did I raise my voice to the DJ, but he felt comfortable talking down to me and screaming at me in the middle of a bar (which at this point had a total of 10 customers present)  when all I wanted was to sing a song with my friends.  This was after my party spent at least $100. \n\nThe DJ acted as if he was an important person and talked down to my wife and I.  As a result of his actions, I will never return to this bar since they see fit to hire people who yell at customers.  The real question is why he lists songs on his play list that he will not play.  Do you really expect to run a business by being a jerk to your customers?  Good luck with that.\n\nI appreciate that he had concerns about the song(which he listed as a possible song to sing at karaoke in his song binder) but it does not justify treating people like dirt.  The appropriate response is to say \"I can't play that song\", smile, and ask if he can play a different song for the customer.  Or maybe review your play list before you offer it to the public and remove the songs you find personally offensive.  Regardless, you cannot treat people in this manner under any circumstances.