Before reviewing: This experience was based off of the UYE Yelp Event that was posted. As the Wax Center was taking donations of $5 for any wax. Also, if you were a first time customer, you could receive a complimentary wax as well. I ended up getting two waxes - my eyebrows and a Brazilian. \n\nThe Center itself is very nice and clean with a polished, cosmopolitan look. The ladies working there seem nice enough, but they did push their package deals on me and I did not relent and purchase one. Mostly because I have a waxer I go to at another place and this was just a \"try out\"\/hey I'm getting waxed for 5 bucks thing. However, Annie, the girl who waxed me was nice enough and did a good job.\n\nHowever - I guess it's just my personal preference, but I don't like hard wax, although I believe they have some sort of semi-hard wax here. Either way - I just think it hurts me more than just having the strips of cloth. So, for me I wouldn't go back just based on the type of wax  they use here.\n\nThe rooms to get the waxes done in are very sterile looking. There are small stools and everything looks rather utilitarian. I didn't feel very welcome. Also, the girls who wax wear scrubs. Ugh... it made me feel like I was going to my gyno - not to get waxed!\n\nAs we began my waxer instructed me to take off my bottoms so we could begin. Errm, she didn't leave the room, which made me feel a little weird, but whatevs because I guess she's about to see the full show soon anyway. The wax started out fine enough, but as the process went on my legs began to hurt being in the butterfly position for so long. AND to make matters worse, my waxer began waxing my eyebrows while STILL doing my Brazilian. Yes, she was just taking care of some trouble spots and working on my eyebrows while the wax dried - but really?! I would have preferred to have one wax done and then the other. Who wants to lay there being splayed open while your eyebrows are being waxed? I certainly don't. My eyebrow wax was hurried as well, I think. There was no brushing\/trimming of the eyebrows done. Just the wax and the plucking. My other waxer always takes some time to shape and trim. Maybe it's because I was already getting 2 waxes for 5 bucks...\n\nOverall, the actual wax experience was rather odd to me. I am not saying my waxer wasn't nice and I'm sure she is just following the way this certain center does things, but I do not care for it. I'll stick to my other waxer where I don't feel as though I've entered a doctor's office to get my wax on.