Today I used my \"Get out of e.coli free\" or should I say, my \"e.coli stimulus package\", free burrito coupon.   Who am I to turn down a free burrito?  I hadn't been to a Chipotle in years, anyways.  After today's visit, I was reminded why.  Chipotle just isn't that good!  Their salads are good for a low carb option, but everything else there has never ever impressed me.  You will see why, below........\n\nI drove down, parked, and walked in the place.  I was greeted immediately and that was about the only good thing I could say.  As soon as I walked in the door, some young employee (douchebag looking \"bro\") that was on the fryer cooking some chips let out a huge belch.  You could hear the thing echo throughout the restaurant.  How unprofessional is that? I mean, come on dude...you are working, and acting like you are at the frat house with your bros.  If I was a manager on duty, I definitely would have said something to him.  Anyways........... After that nice \"welcoming belch\", I ordered my burrito.  The first guy who got my tortilla ready was like a robot. Instead of asking a question, he just kind of shouted,  \"White or brown, black or pinto\".  I knew what he meant (what kind of rice and beans), but if this was your first time at Chipotle, you wouldn't have any idea of what the fuck he was talking about.  Anyways....I went with a steak burrito, white rice, no beans.  Down the line, I added hot sauce, cheese, sour cream and guacamole.  My burrito was wrapped up (piss poor, might I add), I had the lady scan my coupon, purchased a drink for $2.00 and sat down to eat.  Here is how it was..........\n\nSteak Burrito-  Like I said earlier, this burrito was wrapped horribly!  There was salsa leaking out the bottom, sour cream smeared on the side, and it almost completely fell apart when I first picked it up.  I soon realized that there was no way I could eat this burrito with my hands.  I basically cut that shit up with my fork and ate it that way.  On to the ingredients........... The steak was whack!  It had a rubbery texture to it and was tough to chew.  The hot sauce tasted ok.  The sour cream was overkill and the cheese kind of got lost in it.  The only good thing in that burrito was the guacamole.  I will give Chipotle that...they make a decent guacamole.  The tortilla was crappy, too!  I ate the whole thing because I don't like to waste food, but about 1\/4 of the way through it, I was over it.  It I had paid for it, I would have been pissed!  \n\nHonestly, I don't know if I am ever coming back to any Chipotle.  I know for damn sure I wont be coming back to this one!  It takes a lot for me to bitch about free food, but I am bitching right now!  Totally disappointed in today's visit!