Been here a number of times over the past couple years, and gonna say it's a right-down-the-middle 3 stars out of 5. Not great. Not awful. Average\/decent healthy-ish food for fairly high prices with almost-good service.\n\nHealthy-ish? Well let's say you get a side of kale with that sandwich. Fair enough. But when you get into it...that kale be dragged through the ocean, matey!! Yyyaaarrr! Well not really but it is SALTED like it's from the bottom of Pirates of the Caribbean, rendering that fresh, healthy kale...um, not so healthy after all. She be a salty dog, yyyaaarrr!\n\nOrder a juice-based drink. Cool, super healthy, right? Then how about the \"HANGOVER RX\" - YEAH YEAH YEAH BRO! AFTER I SPEND THE WHOLE NIGHT YAKKIN, I WANT A PINEAPPLE AND ORANGE JUICE, Bruce! I swear, I feel like half this menu should be wearing an Affliction t-shirt, Ed Hardy trucker hat, d-bag sunglasses, camo shorts and flip flops. Maybe this is just the reality of Sam Fox and his Band of BMW Brahs. Alpha male goofballs who like to PUT A BAR SPIN ON HEALTHY EATS, BRO.\n\nGranted there's a lot to be mocked at ANY Sam Fox \"concept\". But on the plus side, True Food attempts to stay healthy and sometimes offers a decent dish. I've been pleased with a few of the salads...I've been let down by most of the sandwiches though. The bread they use is often too heavy and not fresh enough. They can't get potato sides right, but to be fair most places cannot. Fries\/taters at sit-down restaurants are too cold half the time, and usually over- or under-salted.\n\nThe grill items: chicken, meat, fish...good enough. Overall decent quality. However prices, for what you get, way too high. I know what fresh carrot juice tastes like (you serve carrot concentrate, son!); I know what a good house-made veggie burger tastes like; I can spot great-quality Ahi. I'm sorry, but these things are not present at True Food. Is it a step above the neighboring and overpriced Cheesecake Factory and Del Frisco's Grille & God-awful Sam Fox Mexi-Blanco three storefronts down? Yes. And for that, it is a 3-star joint.\n\nService trends towards more on the friendly albeit not extremely food knowledgeable. Parking is easy peasy. Indoor acoustics a little loud, and some of the tables are too close together, especially if you're 2-topping.\n\nIf you want a centrally-located meeting spot with a good parking situation and a hip and healthy LOOKING environment, this is it, chief. A sufficient lunch spot for wealthy ladies shopping on weekdays and office types looking for an alternative to the neighboring steakhouses and chains.\n\nTrue Food doesn't succeed because it's successful: it succeeds because there's a dearth of good restaurants in the immediate area. Bro.