Yi Mei Champion Taiwan Deli has finally opened just a few doors down from 168 Supermarket. And on its first day being opened to the public, it has already attracted a very nice crowd of eager patrons.\n\nFrom the hand written signs near the cashiers counter, it states that it is open everyday except Thursday. This little restaurant with seating capacity of 48 has a Breakfast Menu which is served from 7am to 11:30am, and a Lunch Menu served from 11:30am to 9pm. Since I was coming from work, by the time I had arrived it was already 11:36am and most of their breakfast items were sold out. Meaning no freshly made soy milk (or Iced Soy\/Bean Juice as it is called in their menu) for me, which was the primary objective of this visit and the reason for skipping the free lunch at work. So I ordered the Beef Roll with Preserved Vegetable (it was that or the version made with pork), which was pretty much the only item available from the Breakfast Menu. And it was quickly served to me on a red china and still wrapped in the plastic wrap.  It is a sesame crusted thin bread stuffed with slices of braised beef with Chinese preserved vegetable.  It was alright. A little on the dry side, but a good experience to try their version thousands of miles away from the original in Taiwan and China.\n\nAs I ate and looking over their menu I see that they also serve various handmade dumplings (such as \"Steam Bao\" aka Xiao Long Bao, which was also sold out), Spicy Beef Noodle (which I ordered), various Taiwanese Deli, Shaved Ice (which they don't currently serve), cold beverages and hot desserts. The back of their business cards also states in Chinese that they served Taiwanese style hot pots, but that is not in their menu, just like the breakfastitems are not listed in the menu. I also ordered \"Temple Meatball\" and Fish-Ball Soup (should be more accurately called Fuzhou fish ball).\n\n\n\nThe first item I ordered arrived quickly, since it was premade and came on a plate still wrapped in plastic wrap.  It was okay, maybe too dried and lack much flavor to warrant trying again in the future.  After that it took pretty long for the items to be sent out the kitchen, since I doubt they were expecting this kind of crowd on opening day and they probably don't have any proper line cooks working in the back.  So by the time I finished everything and paid by bill it is 12:50pm already.\n\nThe kitchen is definitely not ready for the better than expected turnout, but hopefully with more practice they will soon get the hang of it.  As of right now, there is no POS in use, so items that are out, must be communicated to the staff taking the orders as it comes in, and if not everyone is on the same page, you end up with customers waiting for a good long time, until they either ask about the status of their order or just gives up and pay for what they have already been served. Furthermore, the kitchen and the expeditor needs to agree on how orders are placed and executed, because the time for discussing how to handle order tickets is not in the middle of service.\n\nFood-wise, I thought it was just okay.  The best item I tried was the Spicy Beef Noodle, except I felt the beef needed to be braised longer, since not all of them were tender. There are also still a lot of things I want to try if they are actually available, so I will be back.\n\nMenu - sadly very typical of the mom and pop operations in that the English translations of menu items are 1) misspelled, 2) poorly translated, 3) utilises questionable word choice.  If the restaurant needs someone to correct their menu, I can do it. I just hate seeing simple words like tofu, noodle, chicken spelled correctly in one part of the menu and not in others. And I also can't understand why some parts of the menu is not translated at all, like the shaved ice. It is not that hard to translate select any 3 toppings, 4 toppings, etc for X price.\nParking - pretty convenient since it is in the same plaza as 168 Market.\n\nPrice - pretty reasonable for most items.\n\n3 stars.\n\nThey also have shaved ice on the menu, but it is not available yet.