Maybe someday, my Yelp review will change. Hopefully, management will make some changes! I would have given them five stars if it weren't for the ridiculous policy. It was my second time at this venue. The first time was the Foster the People Concert, and the second was Morrissey, the frontman of the 80s band The Smiths. I usually collect my ticket stubs, but unfortunately, I had a paper ticket that was given to me by my friends since they bought the ticket online. I usually cut it out, and then put it in my collection of ticket stub book! After he scanned my stub, the employee took my only souvenir copy! I understand they have to collect them for accounting purposes, but other venues do not do that! Once they've scanned the ticket, they usually give it back whether they are cardstock ticket stub or the ones you print online. I mean they don't collect the ones you have scanned on your phone or the ones that get mailed to your home! Why collect the ones you get printed? Maybe someday, they will change their archaic guidelines because it's stupid. They're going to throw them all away anyway!\n\nUPDATE: 11\/27\/2017\n\nMeh..... Management has responded to my review. Perhaps maybe the venue should upgrade the system. The business claimed there is no way they can tell if tickets were printed multiple times. Well isn't that why they have to scan them, and if there were numerous tickets printed they could avoid fraud? \nI could say the same thing about hard perforated stub tickets. Anyone could make a copy of that, but as long as it's been scanned. The stub can be returned to the ticket holder. It should be the same for paper copies! They claim this standard policy is the same as any other venue. Sorry, but I have attended many concerts in different arenas and venues. They do not have the same policy! I went to a concert in another country with a paper ticket, and they gave me the copy.  Maybe this venue should update their scanning equipment because it's old and outdated.