What a difference a year makes.  We headed back to the Wicked Spoon, anticipating the Dionysian food experience we had last time.  I thought that if we went a bit later, the midwest tourists accustomed to eating dinner at 6:00 p.m. would be tucked into their hotel beds or out getting drunk on the Strip.  So I figured that getting there about 7:45 would give us plenty of time to stuff our faces before the 9 o'clock closing.  Not so fast, cowgirl.\n\nThe line to pay was long and slow; not as long as at Disney, but long enough.  And this was a Thursday night.  Still, if we'd been seated right away, or after a reasonable wait, we still wouldn't have to eat fast and run.  But the line to get seated was as long as the line to pay.  Why?  Because clean, empty tables stayed empty, and staff was not bothering to clear obviously vacated ones.  It doesn't take a brain surgeon to determine that when all chairs are empty and napkins are atop dirty plates, those diners are dearly departed.\n\nWhile everyone was grumbling about the wait and the tables, no one, as usual, was speaking up except Ms. Bigmouth, yours truly.  But the manager gave me the usual song and dance and doubletalk. \n\nAt last, we got to eat.  And the manager came to our table shortly after to say that she decided to keep the food out for an extra half hour.  Still not enough time for what should have been a rather leisurely meal.\n\nIt turned out not to matter much.  The heretofore brilliant offerings were mostly pedestrian.  Oh, the usual crab legs and sushi were there.  Many of the dishes were still served on individual serving plates or bowls.  The lamb soup was excellent.  But beyond that, there was nothing outstanding to choose from.  We sampled enough of a variety of items to come to the sad conclusion that the food was basically tasteless.  Salmon was dry and way overcooked.  The Chinese dishes were among the most uninspired, ordinary food ever to grace a pair of chopsticks.  Even the gelato was missing flavor.\n\nThe room itself is lacking atmosphere - not elegant, nor even hi-tech like Bacchanal.  It's just a room, not even as pretty as the one at the Red Rock Buffet.\n\nAnd speaking of Red Rock, the food's better, the service is better, and with a player's card it'll set you back only $14, instead of the outrageous $41 at Wicked Spoon.  Time to go home.