My friend and I were in town from NYC and we heard Vegas opened a Marquee, in which we use to frequent in NYC quite often. So we decided to check out the difference ....RACIST! Yes, I pulled that card. \n\nMy friend and I are not ugly by any means and we were the best dressed out of most of the girls there. I dont care how bad it sounds the truth is the truth. We are from NYC and I work in the fashion industry so I know how to pull a showstopping outfit together.  People say it is \"diverse\" but if you call all Asian and white (or at least light in skin color) diverse you need to get out of your bubble more often. \n\nDoorman completely ignored my friend and I and kept going around us. I asked if there was a problem and he said no problem but refused to let us walk in. He opens the ropes for these girls in FLIP FLOPS and they walked right in...I couldn't help notice they were all white and Asian. We sat back and watched as this happened over and over again and all African Americans and Hispanics were IGNORED over and over!!!!! A group of guys offered to buy 1k worth of bottle but again were turned down after being asked \"will the card charge back?!!! WHO THE F U C K says that?????!!! What makes you think their card will charge back?! really?!!!  I also overheard a group of white guys saying \"we don't have presale tickets but lets try to get in anyhow...\" same situation with a group of African Americans trying to get in...GUESS WHO GOT IN!!!!???? I couldn't take it anymore and called out VERY LOUDLY to the doorman \"ohhh so the white guys with no presale tickets get in but the African Americans offering to by bottles and no tickets could NOT get in...i call that RACIST!! and you say you are diverse but we've been watching the last 20 mins who was let in and who wasn't, we have noticed a pattern here.\" All of a sudden I was asked how many girls was I with to come in and the guys who were trying to get in could come in also...\"but just us\" he says. Why ??? because i called you out in front of everyone who was standing there rejected!! people who were offering to buy bottles and were very well dressed...I will pass a ss ho leeee. \n\nI don't care who gets offended with this review but I was VERY offended and I have never experienced such rudeness and racism in all my 31 years! \n\nIf you're trying to be the new MARQUEE that was already est in NYC years ago at least follow the same rules...being a certain race should not be one of them!