Let me preface this by saying that I am not a Pho snob, so my expectations when going out for Vietnamese are pretty open ended.\n\nI dropped by here with two really good looking ladies on a Tuesday night. We were all really, really hungry.\n\nThe place was deader than Michael Jackson and a nice (but very quiet) hostess showed up and told us we could sit wherever we want. I like that kind of choice. I find it empowering. We grabbed a booth near the back and dove into their menu.\n\nThe decor is pretty cheesy, but endearing. The place was really clean. There are big neon signs that say \"enjoy your meal\" and the windows have neon lights too. I'm partial to neon, so that was a big hit. The gorgeous ladies I was with didn't seem to share my enthusiasm for them.\n\nI had Vermicelli, Shredded Pork, Not-Shredded Pork and Spring Rolls. The food arrived shortly - a big, steaming bowl of delicious noodles, meat, sprouts, all kinds of   vietnamese wonders. I doused that bad boy in hot sauce, whatever the heck that brown sauce is and to top it off - the fish sauce.  I began shoving it in my face enthusiastically.\n\nThe spring rolls were great. The pork was great. The noodles were noodley. \nI got way more fish sauce than the incredibly good looking ladies did, but that's okay. They didn't seem to mind.\n\nMy non-existant expectations were met. I'd go here again, probably under similar circumstances. I hear this place gets packed out at lunch times, so maybe the service is bad then.\n\nBut as one of three groups in the restaurant, we were treated pretty well - minus the fact that for some reason they didn't bring us water; only tea. I mean, hold the phone for a second. Giving your patrons water is pretty much par the course for every single restaurant in the world, isn't it? Not getting water isn't enough to make me hate a place, and it came when we asked for it.\n\nOne of my extremely attractive lady friends voiced her concern that her satay pho was not actually very spicy at all. We debated the physics of hot sauce and whether it was all settling on the bottom, but then decided we didn't really care; she just wished it was spicier. \n\nWell, she's pretty spicy herself, so I can see how she would demand a spicy dish equivalent. Did I mention I went to dinner with multiple good looking women? Probably. But that's not the point of this review.\n\nAnyways, if you're hungry for Viet on a Tuesday, this place is worth dropping into. Bring your hot friends.