When I visit a place for a week I generally only eat at any given restaurant once so I can be sure to try as many places as possible.\n\nFor Lo-Lo's, though, I had to make an exception; their soul food is too damn delicious for only one serving.\n\nI'm a big fan of the chicken and waffle combo, and was a regular at Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles former Oakland location. I hate to denigrate the original, but Lo-Lo's takes Roscoe's formula and runs away with it.\n\nFirst, their chicken is very, very good. Crispy skin, moist interior, just the right amount of spices. My only beef is I wish the pieces were slightly larger.\n\nSecond, the waffles are excellent and topped with an enormous round of butter. Just they way they should be. Crisp, dripping with butter, delightful.\n\nThird, the sides... oh, lord, the sides. The collard greens are the best greens I've ever eaten, and I've had my fair share of good ones. Cooked perfectly, no bitterness. They make the south proud. The cheese grits are a bowl of cheesy, well cooked goodness and are not to be missed. The mac 'n' cheese was smooth, and bathing in cheese sauce (and did I detect some velveeta in the mix? oh, I believe I did! And this, my friends, is a very good thing), and the cheese eggs were fluffy and perfectly proportioned between eggs, cheese and onions.\n\nFinally, the red velvet cake is an absolute must-- no matter how stuffed you may be. If I could be encased in the frosting I would die a happy young lady.\n\nMy only regret in going to Lo-Lo's was my lack of stomach capacity. Now I'll have to wait a year before I try their fish, peas, and other sumptuous looking offerings.\n\nWord to the wise-- as other reviewers have said, get there early. The folks who run Lo-Lo's are nice as can be and get your food to you in a hurry, but the place is small and it fills up quick. We were in by 10:30 on two separate weekdays and got the last available table both times. Otherwise, you're setting up outside in line. And while Lo-Lo's makes the waiting as nice as possible, with a shade tent and water, who wants to stand around drooling over the smells coming out of that kitchen?