I visited last Sun. for dinner after seeing a movie at AMC Loews theater in the Waterfront.  Because I visit the Waterfront now and again to see movies, I keep a list of non-chain restaurants nearby handy, and Dorothy 6 was at the top of it.\n\nI don't know if the bells on the door failed to jingle when I walked in, but oddly, nobody came to greet me and my dining partner. Because it was empty except for maybe one other customer at the bar, we took the liberty of choosing a table.  Before we sat down, a waitress emerged from the kitchen and handed us menus.  Because their website doesn't seem to be functioning, I wasn't able to look up the menu ahead of time, which would have been nice.  As it were, I found the prices a bit higher than I would have liked.  The waitress mentioned the special of the day, crab-stuffed salmon, which sounded amazing, but I balked at the price ($20). Instead, I went with the pierogi entree ($16), and my dining partner went with the reuben sandwich ($10).\n\nWhen the food came out, after about 10 min., it looked good, but I was a bit surprised by the presentation of the side dish, which was described as caramelized brussels sprouts with bacon.  I was expecting whole brussels sprouts, but this was more of a salad (see photo).  Nevertheless, I found the taste quite pleasant.  As for the pierogis, it was obvious that they were made fresh on site.  The exterior had a satisfying crispness, and the filling had just the right amount of cheddar flavor, and was soft but not mealy.  The caramelized onions served on top of the pierogis added a hint of sweetness, and the sour cream had a pleasant tinge of seasoning.  I was only able to eat half of the pierogis and brussels sprouts, so I took the rest home, and they were just as good the next day.  I didn't taste my dining partner's reuben, so I can't comment on it myself, but he enjoyed it, finishing it and the steak-cut fries that came with it.\n\nIn general, I found the quality of food here to be quite good, but I found it to be a bit overpriced.  I don't have any complaints about the service, and the ambiance, as others have mentioned, is quite interesting and beautiful.  I'm not sure if business is normally as slow as it was when I visited.  I hope not, since I'd like to see this place succeed, esp. in a town such as Homestead, which has few shopping and dining options outside of the Waterfront.