\"This is a poor man's Carson Kitchen,\" my boyfriend groused, as he paid our $40 bill for four great-sounding apps that failed to wow us. I expedited my visit here based on a friend's recent rave review (Chris V), and ordered several similar dishes, only to find most options underseasoned with a better version merely on the other side of the block.\n\nFRENCH GREEN BEANS: Tempura beans with spicy mayo and toasted almonds. I like the cooking method and these were solid, and admirably light on grease. But the nearby CK has a larger portion with a great dipping sauce that this version can't hold a candle to.\nTODAY'S SASHIMI\/TARTARE (TUNA POKE): This was just okay. Poke was oddly seasoned with large chunks of onion and a lot of spice, rather than the citrus-garlic-ponzu punch I'd been anticipating. It was really fresh though.\nLAMB TACOS: The dish I was most anticipating, with a clever concept of crafting a taco shell from fried eggplant. I really enjoyed the sweet pepper chutney, which was reminiscent of a ratatouille. But the lamb itself lacked the familiar, meaty flavor. Seemed to lack any sort of seasoning whatsoever.\nCRISPY DEVILED EGGS: A fried egg white with nicely fried crispy texture, topped with a bland but creamy egg yolk filling, and entirely too much paprika. I had anticipated a version similar to a Thai hard-boiled egg, yielding a barely-cooked yolk. This just didn't work for me. Other that the paprika, there wasn't much going on... and for $8\/4 pieces, CK's version with caviar is the better option.\n\nI was dying to try their sticky toffee pudding, but my BF refused to order anything else and experience additional frustration. Around this time, our server disappeared for a solid 20 minutes and eventually the super-sweet food runner settled our bill for us. This spot has great decor and the menu all sounds like food I'd love, but the execution and\/or consistency are just not there at this time- perhaps Chris and I had different chefs working on our visits? I'm too hopeful not to give them another try sooner or later, but right now I'm underwhelmed.