What a pleasant surprise! Since moving to the area I was bummed that there weren't many local breakfast\/brunch spots in the area. Not there aren't good ones, but with so few, once they're busy, you're pretty much stuck waiting. \n\nDriving west on lakeshore near islington, you'd likely judge the area and assume there isn't anything worth stopping at, and truth be told, I'd seen the sign for this spot in past and not given it a second thought. \n\nThis past weekend when the brunchies hit, I opened Yelp and came across this spot and actually stopped to read the reviews and look at the pictures. It looked amazing so we figured we'd be adventurous and give it a try\n\nWe arrived shortly before 10am on Sunday and were seated instantly (Good timing too because the restaurant seemed to get packed within 20 minutes of our arrival). It's a super small place with Maybe 20 seats. The menu is as you would expect, Mexican inspired takes on traditional breakfast items. \n\nMy girlfriend had their signature Huevos Rancheros which had a healthy dollop of excellent guacamole on the side of eggs and beans served over tortillas. She loved it. I went with the Mexican Benedict which was an English muffin with guacamole spread on it before being topped with chorizo sausage meat, eggs and then hollandaise sauce. \n\nThe best part for me is that this place was the answer to my long sought after question\/dilemma - why can't I ever get a third Benedict?!?! You typically get 2 Benedicts in an order but for me that leaves me hungry still, I don't want to order a whole other meal but I feel like a third Benedict would satiate me totally. This has bend my elusive unicorn as most restaurants won't make you that third Benny. Not HG!! Right on their menu it gives you a 2 Benny or 3 Benny option. Hallelujah! \n\nI mean at that point they were getting a 5th star regardless but then I tried the churros for dessert (yes dessert at breakfast!) and it solidified any minor question of whether this would be a 4.5, 4.75 or 5. \n\nLooks like I found a new local brunch spot. Next time we eat breakfast burritos! \n\nEatcrest out!