I know this is AZ and I've lowered my expectations a lot for this state, but damn damn damn did I want to love this place.  Checking out the reviews, I already knew that ordering off the menu would be a complicated process, but the pictures and the reviews bespoke of at least a decent if not wonderful establishment.\n\nMy body was literally craving asian drinks and since the other establishment I had bookmarked was not opened, I decided to make the drive here to give this place a shot.\n\nFirst pet peeve was if you come here for the first time, it is not easy to find unless you are a native to Chandler Fashion.  It is in the food court area and the closest entrance would have to be the restaurant plazas where the Spaghetti Factory and BJ's were and I only managed to not waste too much time by calling them and asking for directions.\n\nUpon arriving, it was easy enough to spot with a huge lit pillar with their name on it.  Venturing forth, I took one look at the menu and wanted to face palm.  Creative names, but it didn't tell me jack crap about what was in the drinks so I had to actually take the time to read the description for every single one of the damn drinks.  They were not sorted into two columns of milk based teas or fruit based teas either.  No... they were sorted into multiple boxes each with two columns with different types of heat levels that just made my head spin.  Already, my experience was marred and I hadn't even ordered yet!!\n\nReading the description lent another headache.  There was no option for just milk tea.  No... each drink had at least 3-4 different flavor profiles with one profile I wish would not have been in them.  Not knowing if I could opt out of one or two, I spent about 10 minutes deciding on which drink was a lesser evil.  \n\nI opted for a Geisha something or another... See, I don't even remember the name.  It was a matcha with coconut cream drink with boba.  Fairly simple no?  The drink itself cost about the same as a green tea frappe from Starbucks which was another negative in my mind.  But no matter, I had driven all the way here and bedamned if i was leaving without a friggin' boba drink.\n\nThe service was attentive and quick and I got my drink.\n\nSip.\n\nUgh... where the heck do I start?  First, the boba was overcooked.  It was just goo in my mouth.  Like... what happened?  Flavor though was okay.  Texturally just a fail for me.  Then, the drink.  There was hardly any matcha flavor, and even the coconut was not a primary flavor profile.  It just tasted extremely watered down and I spent the next 5 minutes wondering what the heck I was putting in my mouth... This was despite the fact that I had her make it easy on the ice.  \n\nI feel like the place was trying to jazz finger me out of realizing what I was ordering.  Lot of pomp and flair, but no substance.  Granted, the fruitier combos might actually be better, but with a name like Boba Tea Company, I expect the TEA and the BOBA to be legit and sadly this wasn't.  Huge disappointment.  If I am super desperate, I might be prompted to stop by and waste 5 bucks again, but then again I'm Taiwanese, so that would be a big no.  We don't do waste especially when it comes to boba.