Awesome food, love the murals, love the ambience, though the wait was a little long and there were two sizable flies hanging out on the window next to us that made me feel like someone in the vicinity was listening in on our conversation (I may have been binge-watching Ray Donovan recently, maybe).\n\nWe came out here for a celebratory lunch, were seated almost immediately, our waitress gave us a quick rundown of the popular menu items which was much appreciated since some of us were new to Barrio Cafe.  The choices were vast, and I was so torn between several menu items I ended up just going with the first thing that came to mind when the waitress asked for my order.\n\nI wound up with the filetitto torta which was really reasonably priced ($16).  This is going to sound rather odd but I really appreciate the range of prices of their menu items.  You have things that are in the low teens, and some that go into the high twenties, making it accessible for people who are on a budget (like yours truly) and people coming in for special occasions such as anniversaries, birthdays, and the like.\n\nThe torta was amazing.  Huge piece of meat, topped with chorizo and I'm not sure what else cause I was too busy wolfing it down.  It looked glorious, for the short time it was on my plate.  I regret getting their spicy fries, not because they weren't good but because the salad looked so much better - I don't remember exactly what was in it (the dried cranberries did catch my eye), but it was definitely not your regular house salad.  My boss ordered the carne asada tacos which I actually almost ordered but am glad I didn't.  I guess they weren't quite as good since the response I got to \"how were the tacos?\" was \"they weren't as good as yours looked\".\n\nMy only gripe was that it seemed like we were waiting for our food for quite a while but maybe our order just took a little longer to cook so I'm not too bothered by that.  I'm definitely ordering their crepes next time I stop by cause damn, did they look good.  Pretty much all of us were eyeing the neighboring table's dessert the minute it came out, I'm not even kidding.  Maybe I'll just order that crepe as my main course.  Nope, I need to have that torta again. Or maybe try something new.  Hmm.