Pretty Meh.\n\nI had heard all the hype about Honey Salt and it sounded really up my alley\/perfect for me. I went last night for restaurant week and while it was a passable meal it certainly wasn't blow me away good. \n\nService- this was great, no problems with it.\n\nBread- I was excited to get soft butter- I HATE when you get bread and the butter is frozen... but unfortunately the bread was super hard. REALLY hard. \n\nTurkey Meatballs- this appetizer was actually pretty good. You get 6 meat balls which is pretty beefy for an app. I liked the cold cheese that came with them and overall would rank this high.\n\nChicken\/Mac and Cheese- Here is where the real trouble started. Presentation was a bit odd- the chicken comes on top of the mac and cheese and there is a brown sauce over everything making the mac and cheese a little watery. The chicken was a little overcooked for my taste- I am willing to gamble cook wise to make sure the chicken tastes moist and this chicken was very well done- you could see the stringy grain on the inside when you cut into it. The skin was crisp and delicious though. \n\nDesert- this was the low point for me. I got the apple pie and my roomate got the Brookie. The apple pie was sort of luke warm and a bit bland. The vanilla ice cream was very strong though and I appreciated that. The Brookie we thought was a big disappointment. It seems genius- combine a warm cookie sunday with a warm brownie sunday and on top of it salted caramel ice cream- this seems like heaven. But, the devil is in the details. The cookie\/brownie wasn't really warm and the cookie being on top made it really hard to eat- as soon as you poked through the cookie (which took some effort) the whole thing sort of collapsed. The salted caramel ice cream is super strong tasting which i liked but my roomate did not. \n\nOverall I was disappointed but I will probably give them another chance. Sometimes restaurant week menus are not representative of the place and there were a lot of things on the regular menu that sounded good.