I just got back from my trip on the week of Xmas and I ended up staying at the MGM. I have stayed here many times before as it has many things going for it.\n\nLets start off with the Pros:\n1) I definitely like the location as it is right in the middle of the action. It is nice to be within walking distance of a lot of great hotels. Across from MGM you have NY NY and then either side of that you can go south towards Excalibur, Luxor, and Mandalay Bay. The treat this time is going north of NY NY, you run right into the new City Center with the Vdara and Aria hotels which just opened up about a week before. You definitely need to check out City Center at night with all the lights.\n2) The standard rooms in the hotel are pretty good. Yes, the hotel is a little older that some of the others on the strip, but it is pretty well maintained. I ended up getting a room with a king sized bed and the there was plenty of room to sprawl 2 fairly large suitcases on the floor without it feeling crammed. The bed and pillows are comfortable and soft so it definitely makes getting a good night sleep (or small power naps in my case) easy.\n3) The hidden gem to the MGM is the monorail. When you want to get further up the strip to party but you don't want to burn you energy on the walk up there, take the monorail. A day pass runs like about $14 and you can use it as many times as you want. Single ride passes are $5 each if you don't plan on using it more than 4 times in a given day. I usually always take the monorail and stop at Harrahs to get to the Venetian, Palazzo, and the Flamingo stop to get to Ceasars.\n4) You can beat the price. I ended up staying here for about 50 a night. All I can say is coupon codes. There are everywhere and you usually get like a dinner, spa, or spending credit for staying. You take advantage of that say for a hang over breakfast to refuel for the next night and it can cut the price of each night into the 10-20s. Not bad.\n5) It goes without saying... there is a hidden Fat Tuesdays in that small walkway to the parking garage. I hit up that place more times than I care to admit for good cheap drinks and having to just head to the lobby of my hotel to get it, is a huge plus for me =)\n\nand the Cons:\n1) It can take a while to check in and out. I don't think it is the staff as they always seem to get me in and out as fast as possible, but I think it might be the other \"special\" people that are slowing down the line. It may help to have more people on staff for check ins, but you only do it once so it isn't a big deal.\n2) The walk from the self parking to the hotel with your luggage can be a drag sometimes. The elevator to bring you up to the exterior part of the main entrance near the lobby is slow and annoying when there are a lot of people waiting. If you pack light or feel adventurous with your large luggage, you can take it up the escalator of the stairs next to it.\n3) The restaurants in the MGM are just OK. Craftsteak and Wichcraft are pretty good for a fair price. Everything else is either \"eh seen better\" or waaay to expensive for getting hammered the night before to appreciate the food.\n\nOverall... I would definitely be staying here sometime in the future. Has more Pros than Cons and for the price, its a good deal. The way I see it, I am usually doing a beer crawl all night long.