When we lived in Tempe from 2003-2008; my family and I used to frequently visit this Red Devil location because we always were impressed with the quality of food, price and service. After we returned to living in the area after 5 years of living in another state, we made it a point to return to our old hangout spot. I don't know what happened  in the five years between visits, but the quality has fallen off badly and that is the nicest possible way I can word it. \n\nThe poor quality began the moment we walked in the door. The host, who seemed about as enthusiastic to be there as I am when I go get a colonoscopy, greets us with \"how many?\" No \"hello thanks for coming,\" or \"welcome to  Red Devil, how are you today?\" or even a slight acknowledgement of appreciation for us being there. Then, we have a 19 month old.  99.999 percent of restaurants we visit at least ask us if we want a booster seat or high seat. Not Red Devil. We had to ask for one, they bring us one after 10 minutes; but the damn thing is one without a buckle to keep him safe. Then, we ordered an appetizer and our meal. After 20 minutes of waiting, without any interaction with our waitress, which led to four empty drink cups and thirst began kicking in, the woman comes out and notifies us they are \"really busy in the back.\" I'd give this excuse a fair amount of consideration if there was a line of people out the door. However, along with us, there was one other family there; whom were dining already when we arrived. Then, we finally get our pizza, but no plates. She tosses the pizza down in front of us and walks away. When she finally returns, I have to ask her for plates to use, to which she responds \"oh you don't already have them??\" I suppose I asked for plates for my health and they were already on pur table; and must have been invisible ones that she could see, but noone else could. Topping it all off,  our pizza was lukewarm like it had been out of the oven for a half an hour or more, had a finger full of barbeque sauce on the entire pizza (we ordered the bbq chicken one) and was severely lacking toppings. Don't get me wrong, I don't expect the pizza to be loaded and the company to dump every ingredient they have on it,  but if I am spending $18 dollars on a pizza; I sure as hell don't want to eat just the dough and crust.. And if nothing else, at least make damn sure the thing is barely warmer than room temperature.  \n\nI am beyond disappointed with this experience.. I am not one who complains about every little detail, and generally am an easy person to please. As such, I don't like to hand out negative reviews and really will do so only if the experience is a completely undesirable one. This experience ranks as just that. If I wanted to be treated poorly upon arrival,  have a lengthy and unnecessary wait, have to ask for basic dining items, refills and a seat for my son to sit in; I'd have just gone through the drive through at Carl's Jr. At least there, I know my food will be hot. \n\nIn conclusion; I couldn't wait to get back to Red Devil after five years. Now, it will be a long time before we go back again, if we go at all.