The Ace Hotel is a wonderful down to earth place to stay in East Liberty. We decided to visit it and since was the aftermath of Christmas we were able to get free parking in one of the lots.\n\nThe hotel is located on S Whitfield St in the former YMCA building. When we entered we looked around and saw many antique looking furniture as well as a record player, board games, a lounge area, a restaurant and a bar on the other side.\n\nWe went to the front desk and they arranged for my husband and I to have a tour of the place. Our tour guide's name was Zeke and he gave us some background information on this hotel. He noted that it is a work in progress and not everything is completed yet.\n\nWe first toured the ballroom with can be sectioned off if you want to rent an area for a private affair. They have retained the original black and red tiles in the ball room as well as in the elevator and even in the public restrooms. \n\nHe then took us to see a suite. The suite we visited had a ceramic tile bathroom, however, it had  outside the bathroom and old style bathtub to lounge in. Also it has an honor bar, a record player with records, as well as nice views. The bed is a foam mattress that sits in a frame so there is no box spring.\n\nZeke went on to explain that they use furniture they purchase in the strip district which is old style and update it a little to give it an antique feel. As in most hotels you are given rental bathrooms which are available for purchase at the front desk along with some other things.\n\nThe final room he showed us was the gym they are working on. We couldn't enter here since it is currently under renovations. I asked about parking. Zeke told me that they hope to have valet parking available around Jan. 6th so that visitors could make use of that service.  \n\nHe took us down some stairs and told us to be careful since he wanted to show us some pictures of the East Liberty heritage.\n\nOur tour ended so I inquired about prices. One night's stay can range anywhere from $300.00-$400.00 night depending whether you pick a room or suite and the type requested. Currently they are offering a 25% discount through Mar. 16 if you are living in the Pittsburgh area on the room rates.\n\nThe Ace hotel is an expanding chain with hotels in major cities such as New York City, New Orleans, Los Angeles, Palm Springs, Portland, and Seattle. Sorry Atlanta-you don't have one yet.\n\nI love the concept and it is a very nice hotel for the price you would pay for a mid range chain hotel in a major city. It houses the new Whitfield restaurant where we had lunch and is near public transportation. Bike parking is also available. We were glad to make our first visit here!