My mother always told me that \"men are like streetcars, if you miss one, another will come along in 10 minutes.\" Thanks, Mom, the last streetcar I took smelled like airplane glue and  moved like a lurching drunkard only to short turn before I got off. I think I will stay a single lady and drive my box (2006 Scion XB) to the ground. With the tender help of Mike's Automotive, thank you very much. \n\nBefore I stumbled serendipitously upon Mike's shop (he is located right across from the Leslie Lakeshore Loblaws Eastern Ave parking lot) I was foolishly going to Canadian Tire for winter tire change and dumbass things that you could do yourself if you had the patience to read instructions, like simply installing new windshield wipers, and whatnot. Sometimes I'm really stupid. I make my own mayonnaise but I can't figure out how to change a lightbulb. One day when I was at Loblaws, I had a flat tire and because Mike's shop was right across the street, he fixed the tire right then and there. Months later, I came back to have him put my winter tires put on and he remembered my name! Okay, NOBODY ever remembers my name, I'm that type of person you forget you met even more than once, you could just call me \"Kate\" and I'll say yes, I'm used to it. Mike remembered my name after 4 months and dude at Canadian Tire called me \"ma'am.\"That is the worst.\n\nSo, I've been going to him ever since for every seasonal tire and oil change, and last summer when my car broke down on the highway in Newmarket and I finally needed a new clutch after putting it off (my own fault)... ugh that that was the worst, PROTIP: Get CAA Plus  because that 35k tow was almost $300, Mike is super patient will all my hysteria and he takes care of everything at hand and makes sure everything else is running smoothly as well AND his prices are always pleasantly reasonable. I barely even want to share my recommendation because, according to my mother's theory, if men are like ubiquitous, rattling streetcars, then Mike is a unicorn-pulled carriage with Lloyd Dobler carrying a boombox over his head playing \"In Your Eyes.\" A good mechanic is hard to find, am I right?