One of my favourite moments in life is the \"Who knew?!\" moment. As in, \"Who knew there was a place like this in town?\"\n\nMy husband's ongoing search for Heritage Dr Pepper led to someone mentioning that there was a place stocking it over by Trop and Fort Apache. What? No way! \n\nI mean, c'mon. We live in the southwest of town ourselves (a little more south, a little less west), also known as \"where the economy died before it really got started,\" and the idea that something reasonably new and NOT a nail salon might be out our way left me skeptical. We have the Fresh & Easy that never opened, the nearly-but-now-never-to-be-finished Johnny Carino's frame, the derelict billboard touting avant garde cupcakeries coming soon-oops-never, and all of the tumbleweeds the wind can shake past Penn Jillette's house. No WAY do we have a super cool soda pop shop!\n\nSure enough, though, Rocket Fizz really does exist, and... wow. Who knew? \n\nDo they have Dr Pepper made with sugar? I have no idea because once we saw what was inside, we turned into slack-jawed grabby-hand piranha people.\n\nWatermelon soda, apple beer, chocolate soda, root beer root beer root beer (repeat until dizzy), banana soda, snozzleberry soda... okay, I'm just kidding about the snozzleberries. Maybe.\n\nThey had ginger beers that I've never seen in Las Vegas before, and believe me, my other half follows all ginger beer rumours, if only to find a different source for Bundaberg or any source at all for (make angelic choir noise) Saxby's. Alas, neither of these Australian staples are available at Rocket Fizz, but we have two or three new brands to try chilling in the fridge as I type.\n\nThe taffy selection is extensive. At first I thought, oh, taffy, that's nice. I don't have strong views on taffy. But as the barrels continued and continued, I decided that $3 for a generously portioned half-bag was well worth trying such flavours as huckleberry, cinnamon roll, and caramel cheesecake. I'm eating \"chocolate mint\" now. Mmm.\n\nThe young man behind the counter was eager to assist. At first I was a little skittish - I'm really just a delicate gazelle wrapped up in stretch pants, don't you know - because hovering salesfolk make me colicky. However, this fellow was as informative as he was personable. (And he didn't hover, either - he just gracefully enthused whenever passing.) I didn't plan on getting any root beer, but after he shared his insights on a couple of faves, I just had to try them.\n\nI also appreciated his honesty. If he thought we might not like something, he said why. .\n\nThe candies available are, as another reviewer said, everything from retro to edgy. The store is social media-savvy and open to suggestions if you don't see your fave. Another previous reviewer said that the sugar-free section was too small. Perhaps the selection has increased since that review as I noticed several sugar-free items, and one woman who came in while we were there received detailed assistance with making sugar-free choices. I was impressed. The interior may be pleasantly nostalgic and unassuming, but the staff is crackerjack.\n\nIn addition to my taffy, I picked out butterscotch peanut butter cups and a chocolate nougat bar recommended by the young man. The husband got a Flake bar, blueberry Aussie licorice, and a couple of different types of cherry-choc candy bars.\n\nIn addition to soda tastings twice a week (how clever!), these guys cater (how fun!). \n\nThe more you buy, the more you save, a philosophy I always like to encourage in a business model. Our twelve glass bottles of soda came in just under $18, although that's probably the last time we'll get a dozen. Next time, two dozen!