As with (I suspect) a few dozen\/hundred\/whatever number of folks, we decided to visit Chuan Wang Fu recently after an article popped up in the Observer about them. Luckily it gave directions on finding them, as the sign does not have that name on the front.\n\nThe short version: Look for the sushi place in Quail Corners.\n\nOnce inside, it's not terribly different in appearance than most (American) Chinese places, except that many of the employees do not speak terribly good English. And there aren't any good pictures on the menu either. So you might have an adventure on your hands.\n\nAs with just about everywhere, the whole thing is rather hit and miss. The first part being which menu you get. They have at least three. One is the Chinese menu, which has things that you aren't likely to see elsewhere (yes, duck blood does appear here - I've had duck blood soup, not really sure what you're getting in this version).\n\nYou'll also see relatively simple items like beef with hot chili oil. It packs a bit of a kick, but it comes on slowly. Be ready. There are other tame items like the sizzling chicken, which is served on what looks to be a fajita skillet, has no sizzle (literal or figurative), and has a subtle and tasty flavor. You can also ask for appetizers such as crab rangoon and pot stickers, but I'm not sure where they are listed. I may have just missed them.\n\nThe other menu is sushi. They have a lunch version that is \"all you can eat\", but when we were there (yes, at lunch), they didn't offer it. Apparently the sushi rice didn't come in. Which is odd, because people were eating sushi - and some were getting refills, which makes me think that they were either ordering a lot or they indeed had the all you can eat special. And if I were the paranoid type, I would think that they were out to get me and thought I would just eat too much. But it really isn't a big deal. We had plenty to eat otherwise, and there are lots of sushi places to eat.\n\nThe final menu is also sushi, but it's a paper version, not a big book type. As far as I can tell, it's the same, just more of a to-go style.\n\nWhen you go in, the menu seems to be completely random. Sometimes they ask, sometimes they just give you one. We went in and were given the Chinese menu, and we asked so were given the sushi menu (even though we couldn't order from it). Others seemed to get the sushi menu and not the Chinese menu. I have no idea how it works.\n\nThe service can be unbearably slow - especially if you have to wait on an English-speaking server after one of the non-English speaking servers comes to help. And even once the order is in, the food can take a while (it seems to be fresh, so that is presumably one reason).\n\nThe final tip: Those Chinese portions are monstrous, so even though the prices are high, consider ordering a single entree for every two people. If you have four people order two dishes - or more and take some home - but there is plenty. It's not a one person, one dish kind of place unless you are just insanely hungry.