I fell in love with this place.\n\nThis cute little bakery\/sandwich\/coffee shop is located at The Venetian Grand Canal Shoppes in the St Marks Square area. It's right across from Otto Pizzeria and literally right next to Alex and Ani. Their pastries looks as good as it tastes. I've tried the Danish cream cheese, mini hot dog bun with cheese and chives on top and fruit tart. Wow....delicious. Everything was behind a plastic door, similar to an Asian bakery. (Those who live in So Cali particularly in the predominately Asian cities will know what I'm talking about.) You can grab a tray and tongs and you can grab whatever pastries you want. Once you get to the cash register, the employees bag up your pastries in individual small bags. It's great for people on the go who needs an afternoon snack or it's perfect to take on the plane with you.\n\nFor lunch, I ordered one of their hot sandwiches....the salami and roasted tomato melt. It was warm and toasted with mozzarella cheese, salami, roasted tomatoes in a pesto sauce. A few of my co workers ordered the turkey, bacon and brie hot sandwich. We sat in complete silence because we were too busy stuffing our faces with these sandwiches. I can't wait to come back and try their cold sandwiches. There's limited tables + chairs at St Marks Square but there's also an upstairs dining area. Very quaint and private. \n\nTheir coffee drinks are another strong point. This is much better than your latter of choice at the Venetian | Palazzo. Get your daily coffee here. I ordered a small hazelnut latte and my drink had the perfect amount of sweetness and caffeine. It wasn't overly sweet like nasty Coffee Bean and it wasn't bitter either. Other drinks my co workers ordered were horchata blended latte, coco mocha and green tea latte. Everyone truly enjoyed their drinks. \n\nParis Baguette, a few of us are already addicted to you! =) Keep up the good work and continue to bring out fresh, good quality pastries, sandwiches and desserts. Coffee is fantastic also. Only thing I can suggest is hopefully  you can make a horchata latte hot or over iced. I tried to order that one day but was told they can only make it in the ice blended version.