My parents and I have been loyal patrons of this restaurant for years. We love the food and have dined here around 30 times--celebrating birthdays, toasting anniversaries, and spending evenings with friends.\n\nOn Sunday, September 14, we came in for dinner. This was our last dinner together before I left to start a new job in Spain--so clearly this was an important occasion for us. This turned out to be a huge mistake.\n\nAll of the great times we have had here were spoiled by a truly awful experience.\n\nThe service was absolutely horrible. While the food was good as always, it just couldn't make up for the treatment we received. This is the first time we have ever been to a restaurant where the waitress abandoned the table--never to come back! The waitress forgot our appetizer; we understand that this happens sometimes--not a big deal. By the time she remembered, we told her to skip it, as we were receiving our entrees at that point. We weren't rude or even angry; we just didn't want the appetizer anymore. She came back to the table with the cheese, and that was the last time we saw her!\n\nAnother woman brought our bread (also forgotten) halfway into our entrees. Then, when we finished our meal, we sat and waited--until finally, yet another woman came over and asked if we needed anything. We asked what had happened to our first waitress and were told--much to our confusion--said that she was \"upset\" that she had forgotten our appetizer and wouldn't be back! The woman mentioned something along the lines of \"well, that's how young people are.\" Really? Wouldn't it have been more appropriate to make up for the (minor!) mishap and step up the service, like at least checking to see that our entrees were good? Instead, the level of service took a nose-dive!\n\nWe asked to speak to a manager (who also happens to be the owner of the restaurant), and the woman went to check. Upon her return, imagine our surprise when she said that the manager was aware of the situation, but couldn't leave the kitchen and refused to see us!  (Note that there was almost no one else in the restaurant--I can't imagine the kitchen was that busy.)\n\nWe are dumbfounded and disgusted by the lack of respect we received as customers at this restaurant. Because the restaurant offered no apology and no remedy to the situation, a small mistake snowballed into the most appalling service we have ever received.\n\nWe love the food, but we can get good food anywhere. An integral part of going to a restaurant is the service, and it is completely lacking here. For that reason, we won't be coming back. Maybe Eddie should learn a thing or two about customer service.\n\nEDIT: After posting this review, I received this comment from Eddie: \"Wow....been there 30 previous time with great results and no yelp reviews. One bad experience and you blast us on yelp. There is a word for that...unbelievable!\" One bad experience was not the issue, Eddie. It was the complete lack of respect for your customers, a complete lack of intelligence on how to run a business in the service industry, and the complete lack of knowledge to know that to make it in this business, you apologize for mistakes made on the part of your restaurant. You have nothing but furthered my point that you have absolutely no respect for your patrons. That is the reason we will never be back.