***the hours have changed. No longer open late and close pretty early. No longer sure if they offer happy hours any more***\n\n\nThis is probably one of my new favorite spots downtown. I will be here frequently, and you all should too. They have a nightly happy hour from 8- close and it's got some pretty decent food and drinks on it. The ambiance is absolutely wonderful. It's like modern met nature and had public us as a baby. It's going to make a great study spot this semester. \n\n       The service is very attentive and accommodating. You order and pay at the counter and they deliver your food to you. Every question I asked had an answer. They understood and accommodated my vegan needs which was a huge plus in my book. The servers wear the coolest aprons I've ever seen. They are all custom and it's a detail I really appreciate. \n\n       The food... So I ordered the vegan coconut sweet potato soup. It was a large portion and so delicious. The texture was creamy and smooth. It really is on par with the vegan soups that WILD (RIP) had on their menu. The Pinot Gris was on happy hour and it was actually very good. It created a perfect balance of acidity with the sweetness of the soup. I also tried the carrot and beet salad that my friend ordered. It was seriously so delicious and fresh. The colors of the dish were bright and crisp. It had the perfect amount of crunch to balance the smoothness of the soup. Our friend also ordered the tuna melt. He loved it! It came with homemade potato chips. My boyfriend ordered some type of fish dish. He really seemed to enjoy that as well. \n\n     They have some crafty bottled beers and a variety of wines and champagnes to choose from. They also had a cocktail menu that we weren't aware of until the end that we can't wait to try. The desserts... They brought us out complimentary brookies that everyone went crazy for. I wasn't able to eat them because they weren't vegan, but they looked delicious. They also brought us out a bread pudding to try. Once again... The response was raving at the table and it was finished in no time. It also was not vegan, but everyone said they would order it again. Vegan desserts coming soon guys! \n\n    The general managers name was Lane. He was such a nice man. You can tell he genuinely cared about his staff and patrons. This detail really makes me wish I could give more than five stars. We can't wait to return to try more of their delicious food and drinks!