Friday night, great time for a girls night out. Especially after a gruelling day of work, what better than SUSHI?? 3 of us were starving and ordered the following: Spicy Tuna Tempura ($7.95), Tiger Roll ($9.95), Black Dragon Roll ($12.95), Gonoe Roll ($13.95), Smoky spider ($12.95) and Gyoza ($4.95), yes we ate a lot for 3 ladies. We figured we would go with the \"premium rolls\" because you can get the regular stuff anywhere, and technically isn't that the true test of a sushi chef? to see how far out of the box they can go to create something truly yummy?? So lets take this one step at a time. First we got complementary edamame and what I think was miso soup with noodles. The edamame was edamame, I don't really think you can mess up edamame so lets move on to the soup.  I was super happy when this came to the table because it was absolutely frigid outside. I touched the outside of the mini bowl, which is more like a chinese tea cup and I think to myself, shouldn't this be hot?? I bring it up to my lips, unfortunately it was all kinds of disappointing. First it was luke warm and I suspect that the noodles have been sitting in the broth for a little too long as they were mushy. NO FORGIVENESS FOR MUSHY NOODLES!! The Gyozas came out next. If  you are at all familiar with asian food, they're essentially fried dumplings. When I was growing up it was one of the few foods I loved eating, whenever I would go to a chinese food court with my parents it would always be fried dumplings and Sweet and Sour pork.. mmmmmmmm. But I digress. So either way I have a soft spot for dumplings, and yes yes I know Gyozas are a little different, different filling, different dumpling skin, BUT these were nicely crispy and good... but dripping in oil, I don't so much mind dripping in oil usually, but it just seemed like they set up the dish, put down a paper towel in it then dropped the dumplings straight from the frying pan so once all the Gyozas were in our tummies all I could think of was from that episode of the simpsons when Dr Nick was with Homer and he rubs a drum stick on a piece of paper and says \"if the paper turns clear, its your window to weight gain, good bye every body!\" Alright, time for sushi! My fav out of the 5 rolls we ordered was a tie between the Gonoe Roll and Black Dragon, both completely different flavours but amazing in their own right. The Gonoe roll was tempura battered with the general freshness you get from a piece of sushi but wait a min, theres something different, JALAPENO! it gives the roll an interesting texture but adds a great hit of heat towards the end, you just gotta make sure you eat this roll quick as the deep frying process makes it taste like mush if it sits around too long. The Black dragon consisted of a tempura shrimp, black caviar, unagi and a surprisingly fresh taste, I want to say there was cucumber in there somewhere, but I didn't see it, my counterparts said there was a bit of a temperature difference in the roll, but whatever it was made for that wonderful unique palette experience. The smokey spider roll was my next fav, I'm not a huge smoked salmon person, but I can see the appeal, also its a little different than having regular salmon on everything. I personally feel that the smoked salmon flavour took over the soft shell crab, but I liked the bit of a crunch from the fried crab and the softness of the smoked salmon. The next two are in a tie for last place. the Tuna Tempura and the Tiger. The tiger consisted of deep fried scallops rolled in Rice and Nori then topped with salmon. No flavour, and no texture differential here. This was a super over priced roll for the amount of enjoyment it delivers. Last but not least the Spicy Tuna Tempura roll. This one needs to be given the grade of \"FAIL\"! just like the tiger, it was just flavourless if it weren't for the spicy sauce drizzle on the top. The deep frying process completely cooked the tuna inside, and left us wondering. I just realized that almost everything we ordered was fried, oh well :). Gonoe had nice wait staff and had a nice welcoming feel. I don't know if I'll go back, but If I do, I will most definitely do the gonoe roll and the black dragon again.