Little did I know when I set foot in Big Mamma's Boy for brunch this morning that not only would the place be packed for Pride Weekend, but that it was also the day of their monthly \"Psychic Brunch\". For $40 you get a psychic reading (tarot, fortune telling, etc.), brunch and a goody bag. \n\nThroughout brunch I kept glancing over at this one table where a man was seated alone and kept accepting a new woman across the table from him every five minutes, occasionally holding her hand. My brother and I honestly thought it was speed dating or something (turns out it was a psychic). At other random tables throughout the restaurant there were tarot cards being shuffled and dealt and people looking deeply into one another's eyes and predicting the future. \n\nOwner Heather is very friendly and always present, shimmying her way from the first to the second floor and also the back patio and essentially running the show. Everything they serve is organic, wholesome, modifiable and can be made gluten-free. As I've mentioned before this is a \"substitution\" diner's dream come true as they welcome requests to accommodate allergies and sensitivities. \n\nVeggie Eggs Benedict ($10) was, as always, delicious and the hollandaise was creamy and thick, but not overly decadent. You don't feel like you're eating butter and egg yolks (what hollandaise is, in case you preferred not to know) on top of poached eggs here. It's got its own kick and it's very lemony and savoury. The wilted spinach is julienned and carefully arranged on the whole wheat english muffin that cradles the eggs, and it's served with a small potato pancake\/hash brown of sorts that's topped with goat's milk yogurt. \n\nOur German-accented server Kristine (I will take the liberty of assuming it's with a K and not a C as all Germans know the letter K is clearly superior -- ahem, Kat) was pleasant and accommodating, refilling our coffees and teas at a steady pace and checking in on us often.\n\nNOTE: They are now only open for brunch on the last Sunday of each month. They're going to be focusing on hashing out kickass dinners instead, and I'm eager to sample them as I've only ever been for their brunch!