Newly opened and on average it OK but need some work.\n\nWe first tried to visit Pomodoro's for dinner last Monday night but they are closed on Mondays. Finally made it for lunch today which is a Saturday.\n\nMy wife and I have been dining at Pomodoro's in Mooresville for years. This is an extension of the Mooresville location and share the same menu, cusine etc. The Mooresville location is excellent and we had hoped for the same here.\n\nThis restaurant has been opened for only a couple of weeks and they are on a learning curve which hopefully will result in a continually improving dining experience,\n\nThis was a converted space from a previous restaurant so it's not a place that was custom built. That said, it's a lot bigger and the decor is fresher than it's parent.  \n\nThe servers at Mooresville in general have been there for years and we know some of them by name.  The servers here are a lot newer and not as experienced but don't take that as a negative. The servers we encountered today did a great job and we did not want for anything.\n\nService is excellent.\n\nProblem was with the food. My wife ordered the Veal Parm Sub which is one of her favorite menu items along with a side salad. Side salad was almost all lettuce with one slice of tomato and one sliver of onion, a few pieces of grated cheese and some black olives, Nothing went to waste on the lettuce because even the trimming that normally get thrown away because they are course and bitter were part of the salad.\n\nI had the Antipasto Salad. First of all great presentation but again, mostly lettuce and again, the course ribs where the head of lettuce is affixed to the stem was more than a tiny fraction of the salad. This part of the lettuce  generally course and often bitter which was the case here which is why most restaurants trim this part away don't offer it.\n\nAtmosphere is great and service is excellent.  Food is at best average but with time and attention, could be a lot better.\n\nWe plan on coming back sometime in the future to see if there is an improvement. The restaurant has promise and we can only wait to see if it meets it promise.