Ended up at the Luxor as part of an air & hotel package I purchased from Orbitz. I was seeing a show at Mandalay Bay, which I knew was right next to Luxor. The price was right so I booked it.\n\nAlthough Orbitz discloses that this hotel charges a $15 \"resort fee\" many hotels routinely waive such fees if asked. Particularly for short stays in which you are not using anything included in the fee. My trip was an overnight trip. I didn't have a laptop so didn't need Internet access, I didn't need access to the gym and like the rest of the free world, I have a cell phone and therefore did not need to make local or long-distance calls from the room phone. I explained this and asked quite politely for the fee to be waived. The manager refused. She said a full 80 percent--80 PERCENT-- of the patrons ask for it to be waived and they flat out won't do it. She also said it's the same at every MGM property. \n\nI made a mental note to remember that so that I wouldn't book at another MGM property or any hotel insisting on such a bogus fee. \n\nThen I saw my room.\n\nAnd I came to understand why they charge this fee-- I can only hope it's being squirreled away into a fund for COMPLETE room renovations. My room on the 2nd floor (in a section of the hotel with the nerve to be named \"Pyramid Deluxe\") was super shabby!\n\nThere were lights out in my hallway and it was scary and dim. There was visible dirt on the comforters. No tub. The shower door was off the track, and the shower head itself was old and malfunctioning. The carpet was severely stained. The toiletries were generic off-brand. ALL of the towels, from face to bath, were dingy. Simply: It was gross.\n\nThen there's the TV. Poor cable signal and limited channels. And then of the channels that exist: No BET? No TV One? Seriously? There were several Spanish-speaking channels and an Asian-market channel. But for all the African-Americans I know who spend copious amounts of money in Las Vegas each year, the Luxor doesn't carry either major cable channel marketed to African-Americans? Duly noted.\n\nI had to wonder if Luxor set these old, cruddy rooms aside for people who they know got deals on Orbitz. I was there for a show, so I didn't even have time to ask for another room, and they probably would have been disinclined to offer one. Long story short: I wouldn't stay at the Luxor again, and I also would have to seriously think twice about reserving a hotel room through Orbitz--not because they did anything wrong, but because if this is how hotels treat Orbitz customers, it's not worth the discomfort to book through them.\n\nI live in Chicago. I already get nickeled and dimed to death. If I'm going to get nickeled and dimed in Vegas, it better come with a little razzle-dazzle, and they ain't got none at the Luxor.