It's almost comical how often I've eaten their food without actually making a visit. Now that I have, it's time to review.\n\nMy friend and I were going to try another Greek restaurant closer to my place, but they had already closed on Christmas Eve. Luckily, we had a plan B that was still open: Yelp and Las Vegas Weekly \"Best of Las Vegas\" darling The Great Greek.\n\nIt's tougher than expected to reach it because whoever designed the plaza inexplicably didn't add enough entrances or even paths. Even though you can see the restaurant from Warm Springs, you'll have to make several turns to arrive at the parking area. It's welcoming enough once you finally enter, with indoor seating for around 20 and a TV with ESPNEWS in HD.\n\nThe Great Greek Gyro ($7.95) with a beef and lamb mixture (or chicken if you really, truly must) is a solid lunch option. In addition to the tomatoes, red onions, and tzatziki of the \"Traditional Gyro\" ($6.95), this pita comes with lettuce and feta. I had experienced this in an assemble-it-yourself form many times with trays ordered for group events, and while it was certainly fresher and warmer at the restaurant, it still didn't truly tantalize my taste buds.\n\nThat said, it's at least on par with if not better than any other recent gyro that I've experienced. And it's really cool that they cut it in advance per request so that I could share it with a friend.\n\nI also split one of the \"traditional plate\" menu items. The Grilled Garlic Shrimp ($12.95) has two skewers of four marinated shrimp a piece. The shrimp was cooked properly and had that juicy bite to it. I can't say that the stated garlic, and oregano were particularly prominent flavors, but I liked squeezing the lemon wedge for acidity. The pita was good, the tzatziki was fine, but... the fries.\n\nSpecifically, the feta fries, which I think was a slight upcharge (maybe I'll back-calculate from credit card records) from the regular fries. But it was worth it for the rich feta and its creamier partner in crime. Sure, the fries alone are the fairly thick, floured kind that I enjoy the most, but do the feta fries if you can.\n\nThere was also a small salad included in the plate, with a simple vinaigrette not really contributing as much as that ever-present feta. It's cool though. I mean, what are you doing here anyway if you don't like feta?\n\nI'll probably be back, but not in a huge hurry or anything. My first visit bore out my past perceptions that the food is really solid, but not the be-all and end-all of Greek cuisine.