I was really disappointed to see this \"resort\" in real life. Trying to cut costs while in Scottsdale for a super expensive continuing education course, I opted out of the Fairmont Princess or Hyatt Regency to save some cash--but was severely disappointed and immediately regretted my choice upon check in. This used to be a condominium complex, but that failed and became a timeshare property, so BEWARE: they will try their hardest to sell you on one of those \"quick tours\" to get a \"deal\" on an upcoming stay at their sister properties. No thank you. Anyway, the check-in area is clean and intoxicating with the sweet smell of coconut, but it's really quite make-shift and uninviting. The front desk staff is cordial, but when my husband inquired about local golf courses, the concierge was really pushy in the timeshare sale, even after saying no a few times--at 10pm after a long flight, all I want to do is hit the pillow. There are no elevators, no valet, and somehow we could not get a 1st or 2nd floor room, despite the parking lot being half empty. This does not bode well for a pregnant woman! The rooms are ok--think of your standard apartment complex for college students. Very spacious, with a full kitchen, dining room, living room, walk-in closet, washer\/dryer, and cute covered balcony. I can see it being an ideal place to stay if here purely on business and not in need of amenities for pleasure. My own experience was underwhelming. The room constantly had a funny smell. The bathtub had hair in it, the shower water pressure was awful, there were only 2 towels, and the water temperature never creeped above luke warm. The A\/C is loud. The renovations are cheap. No room service, restaurant or bar. Our room did not get cleaned, ever--that's a first for any hotel I've stayed at. There is no security on site (seemingly), and I saw random thug-looking people walking around that seemed like they lived there. It was so unenjoyable that I moved to the Hyatt for the latter half of our stay in town--such a breath of fresh air!