Had some time to kill before the Ultimate pleY Date Yelp event, and I'd wanted to share my love of Nobuo's Dark chocolate mousse with green tea ice cream and sugared orange peels with my happy-go-lucky cousin, who has never been here before, so we stopped by at 5:17p to find that Nobuo wouldn't open till 5:30p, so we waited outside in the comfortable patio.\n\nAfter watching a couple of employees add lanterns to their outdoor umbrellaed tables, I noticed the \"OPEN\" sign on the front door, so we entered the resto, whereupon we were greeted warmly by a male host and shown to a two-top.  I didn't like the energy in that room, so I asked if we could sit elsewhere, and he said to choose wherever we wanted to sit.  We were the first customers, so we chose a four-top, knowing we wouldn't be taking up space for very long, anyway.  Glasses of water were delivered, and soon we met our female server (whose name on the receipt reflected \"Butai\").  When she laid down the menus, I told her we would only be having dessert and could we see the dessert menu?  I wished we had a video of the look she gave us, a look of pure distaste, as she gathered up the dinner and beverage menus and said \"We don't have dessert menus, as we only have two...\" and proceeded to tell us of the mousse and the almond-orange fritters.  She walked away, and as we loudly discussed about our losing our interest in dining there, she came back with napkins and utensils and asked if we decided what we were going to have.  I decided to forgo our server's very cold treatment and asked for the mousse.  After all, I'd already finished a glass of ice-cold water and cousin's phone needed recharging...  \n\nWhen Butai placed our chocolate mousse http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/0Buxoc0cRqjpvkezo3bqog?select=rK8m1rxl50PB69_c2YqQTg#rK8m1rxl50PB69_c2YqQTg on the table, I wanted to send it back.  Where was the lovely bowl and presentation of the last dessert I had here?  Was she serious in presenting us with this stale-looking mousse, with cracked edges and whose green tea ice cream had ice crystals on it?  I don't know about you, but the only times I've seen crystals on ice cream is when it has slightly melted and placed back in the freezer to re-freeze.  For me, seeing crystals on ice cream is a sign that it is old...  I brought the receptacle and showed it to the male host, who assured me that all of the mousse is made daily at 4:00a and seeing cracks and bubbles in the mousse is normal, so I decided we would go ahead and try it, if for nothing else but to have something to report here.  The dessert was definitely not up to par with the pretty bowl http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/0Buxoc0cRqjpvkezo3bqog?select=o9jIksB-MObhCxoI_msekQ#o9jIksB-MObhCxoI_msekQ I had during our October OYE in taste and presentation, but it was OK.  The mousse was still cold and stiff, and it had a mouth-feel more of like thick chocolate ganache filling\/icing on a cake- certainly not the silky-smooth chocolate decadence I knew it could be.  My cousin had to warm up to the dish, as the sound of chocolate and green tea together didn't seem like a great combo to her (I told her to trust me).  She also never enjoyed orange and chocolate together, but she liked it in this dessert.  \n\nI understand that the knowledge of having to serve only dessert instead of dinner AND dessert, which translates to a higher table bill, can be a bit of a disappointment, but why must you show your displeasure to your guests?  Butai, you were lucky that my cousin even left you the change for a tip- she didn't want to give you anything, and you certainly didn't deserve it!  When I told other Yelp friends about the sub-par service and dessert we just had, one replied she didn't enjoy the last time we had apps here (I think it was around Halloween and First Friday?) either.  Cousin and I thought it very poor taste that our server gave us that awful, condescending look after finding out we were just going to have dessert; We didn't deserve that!  I am never going to recommend Nobuo to anyone, anymore.  I even promised my Japanese friend (who lives and works overseas) I'd treat her to a dining experience here when she comes to visit.  Guess I'll have to find another place to take her...  I don't want to risk getting the same treatment from Butai, or from another server should we come back here.  \n\nSorry, Nobuo, but I won't be returning.