I've never been to this business, either in Bloor West, or Queen East. But having read Bailey's self-entitled whiney 1 out 5 review, I will be sure to patronize this business going forward when the need arises. I even went through the process of creating a profile just to write this response. Here's why.\n\nI read through most of Bailey's other reviews. The majority appear to be for various nail salons and spas. I guess that means you have come to expect to have people cater to your every whim, as they do in spas, and that may have given you an unrealistic view of customer service as a whole. The review you posted about a burger place that you complained had too complicated a menu for you - that was awesome. You can't handle a 1 page menu. I can see how this would be a hardship for you. I also note your review of being asked to remove your pet from David's Tea, when it has been Toronto Health Board policy for many years that any establishment that serves food is prohibited from allowing animals (barring service animals) on the premises. You may have missed that piece of news, I suppose, what with all the massages you've been getting.\n\nTo the matter at hand: you arrived at this location of Binz after closing. The fact that other customers, who were there prior to closing hadn't left yet, is immaterial. You even note that the clerk said \"excuse me\", told you they were closed, but still suggested you may browse if you liked. And that annoyed you? At what point does this sales clerk get permission from you to no longer admit customers? 10 minutes past closing? 30? Ever?\n\nI am giving this business a 5 out of 5 for not locking the door in your face, and still giving you the chance to browse. You are the worst kind of customer. I'm thankful I no longer live in Bloor West, and don't have to trip over people such as yourself who have no self awareness, and apparently find reading menus and signs posting business hours too taxing. At least this 5 out of 5 will neutralize the completely unreasonable negative review and restore them back to even.