I have been meaning to visit this place for a while and chose the Maharaja for my birthday celebration. No regrets there. \n\nThe restaurant is located on Eglinton and Hurontario inside a plaza. You cannot miss the unique Heritage building that houses the restaurant. It's advertised as a Boutique restaurant and it shows with the ambiance and decor. \n\nReservation can be made through their website which is very easy to do and you'll receive an e-mail confirmation within 15 minutes. I also received a call from there as I made the reservation the same date just to confirm. There's plenty of parking inside the plaza so it shouldn't be an issue. \n\nOnce inside, the hostess will ask you if it's the first time at the Maharaja and if it is, if you would like to take a tour. We decided to skip it. \n\nI would say that the restaurant probably sits between 50-60 people max and has a bar too. They have a shared bathroom which is very clean. \n\nService is where they excel. Our waitress was very attentive and understanding as we explained that we may take a little bit long in choosing our dishes as my wife and daughter have little experience with Indian cuisine. She was patient and answered our questions in regards to the menu and dishes. The menu is extensive as it's divided by the different regions of India. \n\nOnce we decided, we ordered the Muglai Murgh Malai Kebab as an appetizer. They were cut boneless chicken steeped in yogurt, cheese and cream. They were very delicious and a good way to start our meal. For our main courses, we went with Dum Ke Murgh Asaf Jah (Chicken stuffed with cheese, pomegranate and cumin), Chooza Makhani (Butter Chicken), Koh-e-Awadh (Two lamb shanks braised in a brown gravy. The lamb was cooked perfectly and the chicken on the Chooza Makhani was excellent. I felt that the filling on the stuffed chicken didn't quite work as it made the chicken a bit dry inside. The sauce however saved the dish. That was the only blemish in our dining experience. The Garlic Naan (Naan-I-lasooni) was the best Naan I ever had. \n\nThe price is definitely higher than your regular Indian restaurants but the dining experience is worthwhile for special occasions. \n\nHighly recommended! \n\n#65 of 2018