I decided to stop by this place on a trip out to Charlotte because of their extensive small plate offerings.  I love trying a bunch of different things, so small plates are always very appealing to me.  I just didn't realize this place was a Irish Pub until I went there.  Maybe it's just me, but a Irish Pub is one of last places I'd expect to encounter small plates\/tapas fare.  For me that just makes this establishment all that much more appealing, because I always love unique places.  Well the food is exceptional here, and Ireland is, after all, one of my ancestral homelands, so how could I not like this place.   \n     Dandelion Market is right off Tryon on 5th St. and well within walking distance to most uptown destinations.  I'd had my heart set on the Fried Calamari, the Southern Caprese and the Fried Pickles, cause pickles are just awesome and frying them, just like anything else, makes them all that much better.  The Southern Caprese is just pure genius.  I love fried green tomatoes and Caprese salads, so I figured how could this not be amazing...well it definitely is.  The salty sour fried green tomatoes end up being a great contrast against the rich fresh mozzarella, but the fig balsamic dressing seals the deal on this one.  It's has just the right amount of sweetness and combined with the micro greens they tie the whole dish together in perfect balance.  Don't expect it to be at all like a traditional Caprese salad, as the fried green tomatoes and lack of basil take the dish in a whole new direction.  As for the Fried Calamari, seriously no lie, it was the absolute best fried calamari I have ever had in my whole life.  The calamari was cooked perfectly, and that is no small feat.  I could bite through it effortlessly, I mean it didn't even have the slightest inkling of chewiness to it.  The calamari itself had great flavor and the lemon garlic aioli and grilled lemon just made it even more incredible.  I still can't believe how good it was, and would tell people to go here specifically just to try it.  The fried pickles were just so so, and I probably wouldn't order again.  All I got out of them was a super crispy ubiquitous fried flavor that was lacking the sour briny taste I love about fried pickles.  The horseradish aioli was delicious, and was the saving grace for this dish for sure.\n     Overall this place is a solid 4.5 stars.  The food and atmosphere are well worth a visit, and the service is just phenomenal.  Anytime I needed or wanted anything, someone was all over it before I knew what hit me.  The restaurant space itself is pretty amazing in itself.  You can tell the whole place originates from days long past.  The space has a very classic vintage feel that just can't be duplicated from scratch now a days.  This is definitely a special place and is absolutely one of my go to spots in Charlotte now.