Man, when I was a kid my Italian Grandmother and Grandfather, who lived their whole lives in Bloomfield absolutely adored this place.  It was THE PLACE that real Italians went to get food that wasn't Olive Garden garbage.  I moved away for 10 years and when I came back, Del's had changed and so had much of Bloomfield.  They might as well take the \"Pittsburgh's Little Italy\" sign down because, well. . . it's not.  The whole neighborhood has lost it's charm and Del's is not immune.\n\nThe least charming thing about Del's is by far the owners who have ZERO business running a restaurant.  I've never met two more inept individuals more unaware of the damage they're doing to their business.  I'll even go against the grain here and say that their appearance on Restaurant Impossible (which they market within the restaurant itself for some inexplicable reason) was a gigantic mistake.  They didn't change much, except cosmetics, and they looked like even bigger fools.  It was far better when we didn't see what was behind the curtain.\n\nDel's was started two generations ago by people who knew nothing but how to cook.  They passed along a successful business, and the values that go with it, to kids who grew up running a restaurant.  Those fine folks passed it along to these two idiots who clearly learned nothing and probably didn't have to work much in the restaurant in their life.  Can't say it enough, the owners are BY FAR the worst thing about this restaurant.\n\nThe restaurant isn't modern, it's nothing special, and it's not a corporate \"professional\" joint.  But, my goodness America, when did we lose the appreciation for places like that --little holes in the wall that are TRUE family and ethnic restaurants?  It's a good thing for them, and not a bad thing.  If the entire neighborhood wasn't overrun by hipsters, perhaps it would be appreciated.\n\nAnother thing I'll defend that seemingly no one else will. . . the food.  Oh sure, the microwaves need to be ditched.  I'll grant you that.  The microwaves are more evidence that the owners don't belong within a mile of a restaurant.  But the recipes are what they've always been.  And despite what some people like to say here, they are authentic Italian.  My grandmother used to comment that eating the food there reminded her of the meals she used to have as a child.  No, it doesn't taste like Olive Garden.  Thank God.  It tastes like it was intended to taste, like an Italian made it.  No one appreciates this anymore.  People want the \"Big Mac\" experience at every restaurant (that it always tastes the same), and few people have any idea what REAL Italian food is. . . even American Style Italian like Del's.  Please, I implore you, learn to appreciate this.  What you have in Olive Garden is what they want you to think Italian is.  \n\nThe staff isn't the best in the city.  Don't blame them.  See my above paragraphs about the terrible ownership and try to sympathize with the staff.\n\nIt's clean enough that you don't notice a problem, but it doesn't jump out to you as being sparkling or anything.  Still, I have no complaints.\n\nAll in all, Del's should. . . and used to be. . . a Pittsburgh institution.  I hope and pray it will one day be like that again.  The recipes are there, the charm of the dining experience is there, the history is there, and the tradition is there.  If they do the world a favor and sell the place to a committed owner who is bent on restoring, not changing, the restaurant, it will be an institution again.\n\nWhen I was a kid, it was five stars.  Hopefully it'll get back there.  For now, the best I can do is three stars. . . and that is emotionally hard for me to swallow.