Went to Chingu last night for dinner (Sunday).  After reading reviews from YELP I thought the place would be decent.  I was actually grossly misinformed.  First of all, they have two options for All You Can Eat Dinners.  The first is the \"Regular\" (16.99), which includes everything except Salmon and Cooked foods from the kitchen.  The second is the \"Ultimate\" which has 6-7 more menu items from the kitchen, added on for people who want to leave the cooking to the pros (19.99).\n\nBecause I had a friend who had special dietary needs (Religious) he couldn't eat any meat except the Salmon.  So we ordered the Ultimate menu since it offered the better option for our \"Chingu\".\n\nDespite the fact we were willing to pay $3 more for our friend, it was actually a really big mistake.  The Ultimate menu is a trap and money grab.  Honestly it's nothing special.  They didn't have two of the things on the Chef's Menu (out of 6).  The first was Salmon Teriyaki, which was what attracted our friend to the Ultimate menu.  This didn't really surprise us that much (it's a Korean establishment), but it was disappointing since we should've been told from the start.  Surprisingly they also didn't have JapChae (with beef and veg), which was again advertised on the \"Ultimate\" menu.  I was extremely concerned that a place RUN by Koreans didn't have JapChae. \n\nWith regards to banchan, there was nothing special.  They didn't even have the Fried Tofu, or Honey Potato, the seaweed salad was decent, and the kimchi was not spicy.  Ironically they did have this cheap version of Japchae as a banchan, with absolutely no ingredients besides the noodles.  By the way, when we ordered something that wasn't on the menu their response was \"We Don't Do That Anymore\".\n\nWith that said, when I asked the servers what type of \"Fish Fillet\" they were serving, they said they had no idea, and seemed satisfied with that answer.  Again this was because my friend has special religious needs and has to know what type of fish it is.  I had to get them to ask the kitchen (It was Basa, a type of Catfish btw).  Then when I ordered a \"Kimbap\" (which is what it says on the menu) the servers had no idea what the heck it was.  \"Could you say it in English please?\".  Funny enough they put in brackets (California Roll), but their was absolutely nothing California about it.  It was a normal BEEF Kimbap.\n\nThe AYCE Soup portion was alright.  Pork Bone, Soft Tofu, Soybean and Kimchi Chigae were all good, and if you didn't finish the broth it wasn't a big deal.  For me this was the best part of the evening.  With that said, other Korean restaurants do soup much better (Owl, Nakwon, etc..) but it was certainly the right flavour and the meat was good.\n\nIn terms of BBQ Meat, everything was bland except the marinated beef and chicken.  They give you the lettuce wraps (and rice if you want), but only provided one dipping sauce, and it was just chili pepper paste.  The quality of the meat was alright, but certainly not any better than other Korean BBQ's that I've been too (at a lower price).\n\nDessert was your standard fare, ice cream.  There was also a \"Crunchy\" option, which was just corn flakes and sprinkles, which provided no additional flavour.\n\nThe Service was a mixed bag.  They were eager to help us, and checked on us regularly which I appreciated.  However they also gave us a ton of attitude.  We were told to constantly put meat on one of our grills to prevent it from burning, and when we told them that we couldn't mix our meat with the salmon and veggies because of our friend's religious background, we got a glare.  Overall the service was  attentive, but the restaurant barely had any customers.\n\nFinally let's get to the tab.  First of all they charge an additional two dollars on Weekends, but they don't offer anything special as consolation (Like competitors do).  Our bill was 21.99 each for honestly average food, and menu items that were advertised were not provided.  They added HST, and THEN they added a 15% service charge.  They told us if we paid cash we would get 10% off.  \n\nAt the same time, a young waiter also told us about how the Service Charge (15%) doesn't actually go to the servers, and that the owners pocket it themselves.  This shocked all of us.  He told us if we wanted to tip the servers, we had to tip on top of that 15%.  Unfortunately the tab ended up being so high (and way higher than what we expected), and judging by the food quality, we didn't care to tip them on top.  Also he told us not to complain to the boss.  Apparently last time he got into huge trouble because a customer complained on his behalf.\n\nPersonally I think their should be a law where \"Service Charges\" have to go to the waiters automatically if restaurants are going to put it on the tab.\n\nOverall, Chingu is far from a friend, and much closer to an enemy.  They definitely hide things from you, and do a lot of dirty things to grab your money.  I wouldn't recommend this place to anybody.