As a whole, I tend to avoid most of anything on the East Side of the Cuyahoga. It's not that I've got a phobia of going east, or a deep-seated distaste for everything Cedar, Coventry, Legacy and Brainerd. It's just so darn hard to get to anything that's not directly off the high way, it's neigh ridiculous. Waiting five minutes, just so someone with a heart of gold allows you to turn left on Chagrin is a good way to raise the blood pressure through the stratosphere.\n\nLocation damnation aside: Whole Foods almost makes the maddening trip on 271 and 480 worthwhile. The produce always smells and looks great, something that my local Giant Eagle can't compete with. I'll pay a few cents more an ounce to get an orange that tastes subtly different than any other orange I've eaten, simply because of where it was picked on the tree, rather than an orange that tastes like every other orange in the bag, only more so. I've not picked a bad head of lettuce or lemon or onion from Whole Foods, and they seem to last almost a few days longer.\n\nOutside of a butcher shop, it would be very difficult to find and match the selection at their meat counter, somewhat hilariously situated next to where the vegan protein replacements are, as if Whole Foods is daring vegans into eating meat again.Once again, I've never gotten a bad cut from them, be it beef, pork or chicken. And, as an added bonus for those of us who simply can't spend 10 minutes dumping ingredients into a bag, they'll marinate your choice of meat for you. There's no premarinated choices for you, like Heinen's. You pick it, they'll do it. Easy peasy, teasy-wheezy sneezy deezy as my son says. \n\nAnd then, there are the cafe options. There were pretzels yesterday -- no lie -- the size of my head, the arms as big as my biceps, twisted inward as if they were hugging themselves. There was pizza that looked as though it'd come out of my oven, cheese slightly running off the edges. There were chicken wings and curries and salad bars and soups. Oh, the options, the decisions!\n\nThe beer and wine options aren't too shabby either -- I'm not much of a wino (yet) but, there was plenty to interest me. If you're looking for a cheese pairing, take it to the cheese counter and ask. I defy you to do the same at your local Giant Eagle. I'm sure you'll go home with a gallon jug and something Kraft.\n\nWhile I have nothing bad to say about my experiences (aside from some of the overly-privileged Saab and Volvo driving crowd feeling they're entitled to stand perpendicular to aisles, to ensure that no one gets past them, or scoff when you get into their way, pushing across your body to grab that elusive bag of rice that she just can't wait to put in her cart, while her other hand clutches a Starbucks. You know who you are, lady.) the location and the difficulty in order to get there knock it down a star for me. It's simply not worth the headache of Chagrin Road, nor the fact that I have the Nature's Bin just down the road from me.