This was our second time staying at the Westin. While it is not as nice as another hotel in Lake Las Vegas that we have stayed at, it is wonderful for the price ($69 groupon + $25 resort fee) and amenities. My husband and I came last year as a litle get away without the kids and decided we'd take them along this year. We had a blast!!\n\nCheck in went smoothly although the girl was on the abrupt side, and seemingly confused of our reservation... I'd say definitely not 4 diamond standards. The service express on the other hand was very professional and sweet (especially Bee). Once we had our room, we booked it for the water sports since they close at 5. We made it at 5 and the sweet girl let us take out a kayak until 5:30 when they REALLY close. At the time, the pedal boats were broken, but once we kept getting splashed by the kids attemping to kayak, we were done with the lake in general. It was fun while it lasted, although a bit smelly. \n\nThe pool was great!! The kids loved the water slide which is saying a lot since we have a water park in our neighborhood as well as season passes to wet n' wild. I love that they let adults ride with their children, which no other water park has ever let me do! I see why because at the bottom, they fall into 3 feet of water which could be disquieting if they can't swim. Admittely, I took a couple fully submerged hits (even though I tried really really hard not to) in efforts of protecting my daughter from going under. \n\nAfterward, we went back to our hotel and ordered room service and watched TV. The TV reception kept going in and out on local channels, but it was still strong enough to watch 2 hours of American ninja warrior. Room service was VERY mediocre. Looking at the menu, many of the offerings look better than the 5 star 5 diamond resort I work at, but once they arrived, I would definitely rather be eating my IRD(in room dining) food. Everything looked like it had previously been frozen. The best thing I ate was the seared salmon on my salad (which looked like a mess). The fries looked frozen, chicken tenders looked like they came out of a bag and thrown into the oven, pizza fell apart and was way too doughy. Spinach artichoke dip was watered down. The chocolate pudding cake was okay, as was the creme brulee, but definitely one of the worst meals I've had for $100+. Overall, we'd be back for the amenities, but will skip the IRD unless we were desperate.