I rarely believe any restaurant deserves more than 5 stars, but this hole in the wall place has elevated Hawaiian to a new level and for affordable prices.  Yelp, can we give this place the sixth star?! They do all the classic Hawaiian dishes and they do them well.  What sets this place apart is the creativity of the new dishes that are constantly being created by the chef. He adds a little finesse to your normal Hawaiian dishes, creating innovative masterpieces.  \n\nA little background, the chef hails from Hawaii but worked at a Japanese\/French inspired restaurant in LA before coming to Vegas.  He has also spent time in Alan Wong's restaurant in Hawaii being inspired by the pastry chef.  I mean this guy comes with some definite restaurant cred.  This isn't your uncle from the island just whipping up a few home cooked dishes.  He combines his culinary background with inspiration he finds from restaurants all over.\n\nSome of his most recent creations that I've fallen in love with....\n\n1. Firecracker chicken - think chicken fried to a crispy perfection with a hint of sweetness, covered with sriracha mayo sauce.  I swear I have never eaten a dry piece of chicken here.\n2.  Ono chicken - another deep fried chicken but with a sweet and spicy Korean sauce and sprinkled with furikake.  I love that sometimes there are just straight up fried pieces of chicken skin mixed in. Don't worry there's enough chicken to feed an army, the skin is just a bonus.\n3. Hurricane fries - I will eat myself into obesity with these fries and not even feel bad about it.  I ordered these as part of my pre-wedding meal, that's how serious I am!  Crispy french fries covered in  butter, garlic, parmesan, furikake. Don't tell anyone but sometimes I eat the seasoning by itself that's left at the bottom of the bowl...think crumbs at the bottom of the chip bag scene.\n4. Seared furikake ahi with sriracha mayo sauce - grilled just the way you want it!  I get it lightly seared on both sides and this literally melts in my mouth.\n\nThese are just some of my favorites available on the menu full time.  The best part is that the menu is ever evolving with new creations: honey mustard chicken, honey butter chicken, salt and pepper ahi, misoyaki butterfish, lemon butter mani mahi, mac nut crunch bars, pumpkin crunch, lilikoi chiffon cake, guava cake...the list is honestly endless.  The chef puts out the specials and gauges the popularity and incorporates the winners into his regular menu.  The best part is going at night, they are a little slower during this time, and he has even more refined dishes on the special dinner menu.  \n\nThey also do catering, so definitely something to consider for parties or any other get together.  I love the ohana (family) vibe you get when you walk in.  The aunties always welcome us with a big smile.\n\nI also mentioned to the chef he should do a pop up dinner to show his true culinary prowess....I hope he takes my suggestion seriously ;) Put my name down for the first reservation!