Britney Spears will not sing live during any part of the performance so if you're coming to hear her vocal range then don't waste your time. Now if you're a fan of this Pop music legend then don't leave Vegas without seeing her performance. I came to this show with low expectations since I have been a fan of hers for a while and heard that she basically sleep walks through it but after being here amongst fellow Britney fans the show delivered plenty of smiles. \n\nI've listened to her music so much that I thought I would be bored hearing the same songs again. However, Britney and her production team have tweaked the songs so all the familiar favorites are fresh and awesome. My personal favorite was their rendition of Oops I Did It Again. As a true stan, I knew basically all the lyrics for all the songs she performed but so did everyone around me. I recommend that you brush up on her hits before coming so you can be excited when she \"sings\" them. I sat in section 105 which is pretty close to the front but wayyyy too much to the side. She would often walk over to the right side via catwalk but all the videos were blocked from our view. I recommend buying front facing seats or just go all out and do general admission like the true fan you are. General admission definitely seemed to be having the most fun but they were also standing the whole time.\n\nNow, Britney looks better than ever. I think this is the best she has looked since pre-2007. She was actually very full of energy and performed all her choreography very well. She also included her most recent number one hit single with the much loved female rapper Iggy Azeala, Pretty Girls. It's sounds even more generic and lack luster live. However, she killed her dancing for that portion of the show. The show is also extremely short. It was basically an hour long so don't plan your whole evening around going to see it cause you'll be out by 10:40PM. I also recommend buying whatever Britney products you want to get before the show starts like way before because it's impossible to do so afterwards. Honestly, it's a lot of fun and a MUST if you love Britney Spears music. There were a ton of people when I went ranging from children who were basically Sean and Jayden's age to elderly folk who were probably lost and thought this was a Bingo and Keno convention. \n\nPro Tip: DO try to photobomb and videobomb all the girls who somehow think their photo, video, or snap of them lip synching all of Britney's lip synching is sexy. You're making the world a better place by doing so.