Service\nIf you have read many reviews from this place, you would soon realize that the wait staff are incompetent. Do I agree? Yes, but I probably wouldn't use that word. Our waitress was quite nice, but was she fast on her feet? Maybe as fast as a sloth LOL. The washroom I used ran out of toilet paper, she said they only stored toilet paper in 1 of 2 of the washrooms, not both. Wow....what is management thinking? So she tried to come up with a solution, \"Why don't we wait until the other person comes out and I'll grab it for you?\" Cue a few minutes later, she forgot about me lols. Let's switch scenery...to the dining tables.  I found it amusing that the top napkin is nicely decorated with the Dazzling symbol but all the napkins below the surface are crappy tissue LOL. Anyhow, our waitress kept refilling our cups of water so I give her points for that. I honestly felt like she put in a lot effort, just slow at times.\n\nFood\nToo pricey for what they offer. The portions may be good enough for kids\/ladies\/women, but definitely not enough for men. They did offer a promotion, where drinks were 50% off (selected items) and it was alright. The rose tea definitely smelled like flowers, but the scent was too strong - should tone it down a bit.  The food came on time (except for one dish), but everything was decent. I wouldn't say the food was yummy, but it wasn't barf LOL. To start, their curry sauce was actually tasty but the actual meat was a bit too tough. My pasta in my duck breast dish tasted fine, but the duck tasted like ham lols. Anyhow, nothing screamed out disgusting and yes the whole place looks amazing...like a Disney Cafe.\n\nI don't think this place deserves such negative reviews, but I do agree that their menu is too pricey. To the restaurant: Your wait staff have no idea what it means to 'service' people. While they are putting in effort, please look at hiring people who have restaurant or even customer service experience. You can't compete with the rest of Markham by selling pasta at such high prices. You are only offering a restaurant that looks pretty with an empty soul (i.e., your food). My 2 cents. I honestly feel I lucked out because we built a good connection with the waitress, but based on what I read, most people dislike this place!