3.5 Stars\n\nI started doing low carb again this week.  When I lived in San Diego, the only thing that kept me on my low carb diet were some Mexican style grilled chicken places (El Pollo Grill, Pollo Don Pepe, El Pollo Loco etc).  Whenever I wanted to go out to eat, I would hit these places up and enjoy a carb free meal for the most part.  I had El Pollo Supremo bookmarked for awhile now and decided that today would be the day I tried them out.  It's a bit of a trek from Surprise, but would it be worth it?  You shall soon find out!\n\nI drove down University and pulled into the parking lot.  It was pretty full but I did find a spot to park.  I walked in and scoped out the menu for a bit.  I decided to go with the 4 piece chicken meal.  My total was just under $8.00.  While I was at the register, you have an open view back into the kitchen where they are grilling the chicken.  I could see tons and tons of red yardbirds just patiently waiting to be finished.  I was pretty excited to try it out.  I took a seat (seating is limited...maybe five 4 person booths and then two 2 person tables) at a small table..a little bit tight for a large man like myself, but I was ok.  You order and pay at the counter and then one of the ladies brings out your plate.  I was sitting there for about 7 or 8 minutes and a lady came out and asked me what I had ordered.  I told her the 4 piece chicken meal and she went to the back.  A minute or so later, she brought out my plate.  It looked fantastic.  Here is how it tasted.............\n\n4 Piece Chicken Meal-  This plate of food came out and it smelled and looked great.  It had a split breast, a wing, a leg and a thigh as well as some beans, salsa, pickled onions and a tin foil wrapped package of tortillas (I tried half a tortilla for quality control even though I probably shouldn't have for my low carb sake...anyways...the tortillas are excellent!).  The first thing I noticed was that the chicken pieces were pretty small :-(.  Not cornish gamehen small, but still pretty small compared to other places I have been.  I took a bite of the breast first.  It was delicious!  The skin was nice and crispy, the meat was piping hot and the perfect consistency between juicy and dry.  The taste was awesome but it didn't even really fill me up because the pieces were so small!  The breast was the best piece.  The leg was like 2 bites, same with the wing.  The thigh barely had any meat on it.   I could have easily eaten a whole chicken.  Salsa was tasty...a little watery but still good.  Onions were great!  Beans..didn't touch.\n\nOverall, I was glad I came. Service was friendly and it seems like they do a bustling business. The chicken does taste awesome!  The portion was pretty skimp though and I'm not sure I am driving 45 minutes from Surprise to come here often.   With that said, if I am in Tempe and need a place to eat, I would definitely come back and maybe even check out their carne asada, too!