Finding places like 180 Degrees Automotive is why I love Yelp.  Being the typical girl when it comes to auto repairs, I find that even getting a simple oil change is a bit daunting.  They always tell you that you NEED all this stuff that isn't absolutely necessary and I always feel like I'm being lied to but also don't want to drive away in a car that may explode.  I assume many people can sympathize with this type of anxious feeling.\n\nIn my recent quest to do things more locally, I decided to try this place out for a simple oil change.  I have a 2000 Honda Civic that has a lot of miles on it, and I'm just hoping it makes it another year.  I was in and out relatively quickly (I didn't make an appointment) and enjoyed the company of Bogi and her staff.  Her parents also happened to be hanging out, and they are fun!  They made the wait go by quickly.  During this time I heard about the classes that Bogi holds and her general passion for cars.\n\nWhen my regular oil change was done, Bogi went over suggested repairs and was pretty honest about whether or not I needed them.  She wasn't put off by the fact that I really don't want to invest in a car that I will likely have for only another year.  I also got my AC checked out, which ended up being much too high of an estimate for my little pocketbook but I felt that the estimate was honest and it came with an explanation that made sense.\n\nRecently, my car was the victim of a hit and run.  The trunk is completely obliterated but it seemed to be running fine.  I brought it into the shop and they worked with me to get the tail lights fixed and even attempted to hammer the trunk down a bit so I could see more clearly through the rear view mirror.  Bogi gave me a honest estimate on body work (they don't actually do much body work at their site) and helped me fix my car up so I can drive it for a little while and not get pulled over (or have it explode).\n\nI used to dread going to get anything done to my car, but 180 Degrees totally puts me at ease and I actually sort of look forward to it.  The staff is wonderful and trustworthy- not something I've ever been able to say about an automotive place.  I guess I've found my local mechanic!