I placed an online order on 1-22-11 at approximately 8:45PM and was assigned a pick up time of 9:16PM. I arrived at the location and was told that my order had not been started because the employees forgot to check the fax for an online order. There was another customer there who called in her order, arrived 30 minutes after the call and they still had not started preparing her food and she was being ignored as well. It was not busy, when I arrived, the manager was leaning against a broom talking on her cell phone. The employees were just milling around and no food was being prepared. Additionally there were only 3 tables of customers who were all eating, thus no reason why food should be delayed.  \n\nOnce I realized it would be another 30 minutes before they could even get to my order I asked for a refund and was refused. I asked 2 additional times for a refund and was refused again by the manager (who is the owner's wife). She did not speak English (per her employees) and because I am African American assumed that I didn't speak Spanish. She proceeded to use racist and derogatory language regarding me and my request to her employees and in ear shot of the restaurant patrons. She referred to me using the slang for whore, fat pig, and the Spanish slang for the N----- word. I continued to request a refund at which time she called the owner Jose Arriola who informed me that I was not getting a refund nor was I getting my food order and even if I called GOD it wouldn't help the situation.\n\nI repeated my request for a refund while repeating back his statements for clarification. While I was speaking Jose ended the call by hanging up in my face. Once he ended the call, I asked the female manager? again for a refund. By this time I have been in the restaurant for over 40 minutes. I was told by an employee that Jose was on his way to speak to me in person and to resolve the matter. Within 5 minutes Jose arrived and started a conversation with a friend of his for an additional 30 minutes. I was told in confidence by one of the employees that he was stalling on purpose in hopes that I would either leave without my money or food, or I would cause a scene which would give him reason to call the police.\n\nI remained calm and continued to ask at 2 minute intervals for a refund. Finally Jose came to the counter and stated that I would get a refund via online and that he cannot and will not issue a refund in person. I requested something in writing that he agrees to process a refund and that the refund would be placed on my credit card by Monday. He provided me with an incomplete sentence on my receipt stating \"Refund order because of ASAP\" with his signature. \n\nMy fear is that he is in fact not going to refund my money and will claim that I received my order. At this point I have filed a complaint with the Arizona AG's office and I am contacting my bank tomorrow (thankfully they are open on Sundays) to begin fraud proceedings. Needless to say I am NEVER eating at another Wingstop anywhere in the world and will encourage others to never eat there again. \n\nBeware if you go to the Wingstop on Dobson in Mesa, you may not get your food and you DEFINITELY will not get a refund.