Like any other long time Calgarian, I haven't spent a lot of time being a really big tourist in my own city. Shame on me for that. It's this practice in particular that keeps me from enjoying places like Heritage Park. And it takes a couple of out-of-towners to get me there. Yet, I always learn so much about my city whenever the out-of-towners are in town!\n\nToday, my stepdad and my mom were in from up yonder in the province and decided a visit to Heritage Park was in order. Besides a pretty fantastic bloggers event that the Calgary Herald hosted at Heritage Park sometime last year, I hadn't really spent any time here since the last time I was a real tourist in C-town.\n\nWe parked towards the back of the parking lot and took the streetcar on over to the entrance. Fun way to start to trip! Tip: It's $1 per person to ride the streetcar and they take cash only. The conductor passed on another little tip to my stepdad, if there's an uber long line up at the admission gate, try heading into Gasoline Alley. It's the same as the gate admission, just often with a shorter line... and then you start in the museum (FYI - it's in Gasoline Alley that there's a really great private room for functions).\n\nI only had a couple of hours on my hands to explore everything with them, but we took in a lot! I didn't realize Heritage Park was so big! If you didn't grab the streetcar from the parking lot, you could also take the steam engine around the park. $3 for one ride or an unlimited bracelet for $10. We didn't do that part, but we did get a ride on the paddle boat around the Glenmore Reservoir. The ride lasts about 30 minutes and is also a $3 cost per person.\n\nMost impressive: All the people in costumes! And just how much they know about whatever house, family, etc. that they're supposed to be telling you about. Also, the really gigantic train engines. They were massive! And the sandstone house.... oh, and the Prince House. Beautiful!\n\nI only wish I would've had more time to peruse the grounds, but that's my own doing, it has nothing to do with the park. I also see a lot of the events posted here and there for Heritage Park and some of them sound like a lot of fun! I just haven't gone so far as to partake yet.  Time to look into a membership, because I'm pretty sure I'm going to need to go back.