Accidents happen such is life even to the most careful drivers. About 3 weeks ago after my ice skid accident into a guardrail I was able to safely drive my vehicle here for a preliminary estimate.\n\nWolbert's accepts car insurance claims and with my company they are on the preferred list. The staff was extremely warm and friendly. I was given a preliminary estimate and they were able to schedule me three days later. They told me it would take two days to complete the work.\n\nI deferred the repair until after Holy week since the car was drive able. I took the car in yesterday and got a complimentary ride home. You are given a website link with your estimate so you can check the progress of your repair. This helps greatly when there is \"hidden\" damage. In my case there were two other pieces needed. I was a little apprehensive as to how long it would take to get those pieces but they had them the next day. I got called mid afternoon letting me know my card was ready. They came and picked me up. I settled the deductible and the staff was very friendly and made me feel welcome as I waited for them to bring my car back to me. They also gave me the final estimate which would be turned into insurance so I would know the exact amount of the claim.\n\nThey offered me free soft drink from the refrigerator. I loved looking at the three turtles they had acquired that had grown and were sitting on their train tracks.\n\nI should note that Wolbert's does not use genuine dealer parts which is a requirement when filing a claim with my company. Since the work being done was cosmetic and they also verified I had no mechanical damage I was grateful. The front of the car looked like it never hit anything. \n\nAlso, they offer free complimentary car wash with your repair. For me that is helpful no matter what the weather because the undercarriage is what really is important when getting the car cleaned.\n\nMy insurance company has warranted the repairs lifetime outside of normal wear and tear. I've used their services years ago and remembered how pleased I was with them. I feel a lot better having my own car back so I can drive again.\n\nLocated on East Crafton Ave near Sarafino's they are open weekdays only. Also, note that if you arrange a rental then they will have the company bring that car to you at their business and will have them pick it up from there when the work is completed.