I went here. And I'm giving it 4 stars. Even over the powerful danky smell that greets you when you open the door. I must be in a good mood today.\n\nI mean, how many times have you driven by HB Hanratty's and have never gone in? For me, countless times over 3 years. The saloon-fonted sign for HB Hanratty's was simply just a geographic marker whenever I headed east or westward on Camelback and nothing more. But last night was the night that changed things. \n\nAs I said, danky carpet smell which took 5 minutes for me to get used to. But other than that, this is a textbook example of a neighborhood dive bar populated by normal folks who don't fit into the hipster or \"new Phoenix\" scene downtown or the plastic scene in Scottsdale, and should be judged as such. A place that has three pool tables, a Wheel of Fortune pinball machine, 3 dartboards (one with electronic scoring), plenty of wooden booths, an electronic globe randomly flashing the logos of any and every NFL sports team, and an internet jukebox with countless selections but still mostly blaring out the sounds of Led Zeppelin (and 10cc's \"I'm Not In Love\" - which played TWICE). \n\nA friendly bartender encouraged us to shoot some pool, to which we gladly obliged. First game, on the house. What bar does that, dive or otherwise? Nice. And with follow up games only 50 cents a pop, it seems like inflation hasn't hit this place as bad as everywhere else. Drinks also pretty cheap. Not much choices on draft, but Bass in a bottle did just fine. \n\nSo, again, 4 stars for being a solid dive and a convenient place in central Phoenix to just have a beer and shoot some pool. Sure, Rosie's is up the street and has its own charm, but a neighborhood dive and an Irish pub aren't the same thing and I don't see them directly competing with each other.\n\nAnd with that, my Camelback geographic marker now has a fully fleshed out identity. Not bad for a spontaneous decision to depart the comforts of George & Dragon for new, uncharted territory.