I know this is a popular neighborhood stomping ground for some. And honestly I like the low key vibe, just chilling' kinda joints. Drinks here are affordable.  All in all not bad of a hangout.  It can get super loud when a band is playing (they should reconsider having just acoustic live music, or at least not a full drum set as an alternative to going deaf).\n\nSo why 1 star?  Well, after witnessing a beat down delivered by an employee against a patron, I honestly don't have anything good to say about this place. (This said event took place before the new year FYI)\n\nAfter several bad press events last year (including a death), you would think someone would care about the reputation and image of the business.  All I know is while I was standing around near the bar, a loud commotion took place at the middle table (where the checker boards table top are). The door\/bar back guy punched the guy who was sitting there in the face so hard, there were blood splattered across almost the length of that long table.  The wife was screaming. The rest of the bar male employees jumped on in and dragged this one guy out to the back. Gosh knows what happened to that man.  Wife was hysterical, and she kept being yelled at by the male employees while she repeatedly said stop beating him he didnt do anything.  WTH just happened?! \n\nThen it gets better.  The guy who did the face punching now storming back in and yelling at everyone on his way, including me and the people I was standing with, for standing around.  He yelled \"this is not your f-king living room, get the f out of the way\". Hmm... This is a bar, people stand around in a bar.  Am I the delusional one?  \n\nSo I could only guessed that he punched someone because that someone was in his way, didn't move and might have mouthed back. My thing is, if you don't like dealing with people, especially intoxicated people, don't work at a bar.  There is ZERO reason why any employee should or need to punch anyone. \n\nManagement, if you are reading, please don't hire people who have anger management issue. IT IS NOT OKAY, and ganging up on one person isn't okay either.  I go to bars to have fun and enjoy myself.  And I was quite scared and pissed off by that night event.   Maybe they can put up a sign \"Come here at your own risk...\"