Ok I'm reviewing the time share part of tahiti not the hotel part. My parents have had a stake in tahiti village since 2006. I was skeptical at first since its a time share but guess what it's their money they do as they please. So I finally went in December of 2011 and let me tell you it's amazing. \n\nThey have the larger room the royal Tahitian and it's bigger than some apartments I've been to. Always clean and ready to host a party. The actual beds are comfortable can't say much for the oil out beds bit hey it's better than the floor. The bathroom has a big tub and shower (which doubles as a steam room). Oh and his and hers sinks which is great it can double as a ice bucket for your drinks in a pinch. The walls are not too thin (since my party heard me throwing up in the hallway yeah fun times) the only complain is the fridge can be fickle if you load it too quick with your stuff and can take a while to chill your beer. The maintenance can take a while but it's a big complex. The a.c. can be colder but hey I have yet to experience a room in vegas with icy cold a.c. \n\nThe complex itself is big but not scary to the point you will wander lost. The pools are awesome heated in winter and just right in the summer. The lazy river is the real gem here. Where else can you float drunk and relaxed on a inner tube on the strip? Also the pool has a sand edge makes it feel beach like. The Jacuzzi is open 24 hours. This is where you meet people after dark (and no, not in the swinger way) also communal BBQ at first come first serve. Most people are friendly and mo ve out once they are done cooking. If you get friendly you can trade food. My dad traded carne asada for brauts.\n\nAnother bonus is the Denny's on the premise so so you eat at any time to nurse that hangover. Also they do provide a shuttle to the strip every hour saves you money on a cab. \n\nLocated next to a mall you can walk to shop. Also driving distance to a market. If you don't have a ride they do provide shuttles during select days to the local market. \n\nOverall great place if you have the timeshare or know someone. If they go on the customer service it would be 5 stars