WHAT A SHAM! A friend of ours looked around for deals on line using Expedia.com. We found \"The Sahara Westwood\" and pics of the freaking Sahara Hotel Camel Icon on this site. After going to the actual Sahara, and looking like idiots because we had no reservation, we drove for 2 hours looking for this freaking hotel. It was near the strip clubs off the main strip. It was originally a Vagabond Inn as stated in Antonio D's review. \n\nHere's the gross details. When we got there, right away we knew it was a dump. The sign above the front door entrance that used to say Vagabond Inn was covered up with a plastic sheet that said Sahara Westwood. Inside, right in the main hall you can see the ongoing remodeling. Wires everywhere, carpet rolled and debris along the edges of the walls. The paint on all the doors were scratched off. Our rooms weren't even ready. They said there was \"some form of conflict\" and they were currently cleaning it. \n\nWe gave them 5 hours and upon return, we got our keys and to our surprise, it looked like the room was just recently used. For starters, the beds weren't made. Its as if the previous slothy person staying in the room had just left. The trash cans were full of dirty papers and the toilet was full of bile and fecal matter. There was a foul odor (BO mixed with wet dog smell & cigarettes) masked by the scent of the recently painted walls. Our beds were stained with some form of fluids, and had pubic hair within. The pillow cases had visible drool marks and the carpet looks as if it hasn't been cleaned in a decade. \n\nI immediately called the manager to state its unacceptable condition and he insisted that the room was cleaned and disputed with me over the room phone that there is nothing he can do. Immediately I went downstairs and a discussion with him. The first thing he tells me is that they're totally booked and there are no other rooms. He also claims that he wasn't the manager and could do nothing until the actual manager came in which wasn't for another 6 hours. He even showed me the clip-board that their employees signed to prove that it was cleaned. I told him to go upstairs and check out the $hit floating in the dark yellow fluid along with the room condition. After minutes of convincing, they miraculously came up with another room that was somewhat cleaner. It had no phone, and the room smelled of cigarettes and paint. In the end, I should've just cut my losses and searched for another hotel but during Superbowl weekend, last minute prices were insanely high.\n\nTo top it off, as we left to get lunch, we met a guy waiting outside for a cab and he stated he was also deceived by this ad from expedia. Upon return, we no longer saw this ad on expedia. Sigh.\n\nI've slept on the streets and in holes filled with bugs and mud that were more comfortable than this rat-fu&@ piece of $hit inn. Don't go here at all. This building should be condemned. If I could give it zero stars, I would.