I've love Jabbawockeez since I saw them on America's Dance Crew on cable! I was so glad I got to see this show... even better because my tickets were comped!!! They do something at this show that I have not observed at any other show... and it was awesome!! I had tickets in the back since they were comped... but since the theater wasn't filled, they MOVED ALL the people in the back sections to the middle center to not have seats lacking in between!! I thought that was awesome! It was like getting a free upgrade! I went from side back to center middle middle and ended up having a GREAT view of everything!!! Now, this theater is pretty small, so even in the back, I was still able to see... but who doesn't want to sit closer!!\n\nThe show was awesome! Now, they didn't do that many hard core moves as I was expecting, but then when you think about it... how can they when the show is 1.5 hours! The dancing they did was great still and amazed me! I wish I could dance that well, or even half as well!! The show has a theme and it seemed to follow it pretty well, but I have to admit, I was a little confused at times because parts did seem a little random...  The show was also funny and they incorporated some audience members, so those sitting in the front are more likely to get picked. I loved all the colors they used!\n\nI think this is a must see show if you love dancing... if you don't, then I'm not so sure if you would like it. They also get the entire audience to participate and get up and dance! It is a smaller production also, so the effects and \"wow\" factor isn't quite what the big productions are, but I totally think the show is worth seeing!!\n\nI don't think this show sells out often since it probably doesn't have the same following as other shows... so if you buy a cheaper ticket in the back, there is a good chance you'll get moved up!\n\nAs always, no pictures allowed DURING the show, but before and during the preshow, you are allowed to take pictures. No videos though... although I don't even know how they can tell...