The Phoenix area desert doesn't give the me kinds of choices I'd prefer to have for running or hiking with the dogs, but I make do with what's around.  Jek and Doog sure seem to love getting out there; they don't give a crap where.  (actually, they 'give a crap' just about anywhere but they prefer the grassy parks to the desert trails!)\n\nAt North Mountain Park there are multiple parking and gathering areas and also a choice of the type of terrain you'd like to tackle:  \n\n+If you are coming from Dunlap from the south, and turn left off of 7th St into the parking area, then you'll find the ramadas for picnics and gatherings and the trailheads for some steep trails, and a few restrooms.  The incline on the summit trail is pretty steep, and narrow at times, and it will leave you breathing heavily even if you're a regular athlete.\n+If you come from Thunderbird from the north, and turn right into that parking area then you'll find a visitor center (I've never been inside of ) and some nicer restrooms.  The trails that lead away from this parking area are much wider and flatter, so are suited for more leisurely strolls and appeal to a much wider spectrum of age and fitness level.  They also work well if you want more of a cross country\/long distance trek.  \nYou can head west in a few directions, including one towards Shaw Butte, or head east under 7th St through a cool pipe tunnel (literally several degrees cooler than in the sun or even a tree shade) , past the MCSO (Sheriff Joke's) horse stables, and on towards Dreamy Draw Rec area.  \nNo ramadas or grills here on this side, though.  \n\nThere are plenty of children, dogs, horses, and bikes on these trails so watch out for each other, and if you are not familiar with the Right-of-Way flow check out the signs at the trailheads.\n\nThere are guided hikes advertised at the trailheads, as well.  Park rangers or volunteers will lead small groups and educate about desert flora and fauna along the way.  Very cool for valley noobs or guests.\n\nStaying on trails is good advice for anyone, but if you bring a dog, WATCH OUT for lots of broken glass on the sides of the main path!!!  This seems to be worse up closer to the ramadas or visitor center, and lesser out further.  You'd think there'd be some sort of effort to clean it up every once in a while, but it seems ever-present.  If there's a volunteer crew I need to join up with to help, I just may have to do that, but I'd rather get a chance to give a piece of my mind to the punks who are creating the mess!\n\nEnjoy the desert; it's more beautiful than most give it credit for.  Just respect it and bring lots of water.