One of the best asian fusion restaurants I have ever tried--top notch food, service, and ambiance! I've heard so many good things about this place and now I can finally say I've tried it. This restaurant is unlike any other pho restaurant you expect it to be. In fact, upon arrival, you are nicely greeted by a host and directed to your seat within seconds (this could have also been due to the fact that we dropped in early for dinner). The lighting inside the restaurant is dim and the comes equipped with a bar and cushioned table booths as well! District 1 definitely puts a modern twist to the typical pho restaurant. Here is a list of what we ordered:\n\n-Hot Jasmine Tea: Not too pungent, not too bland. Perfect for a cold winter night or if you are sick.\n-Grilled Squid Appetizer: Very flavorful and huge portions! Perfect amount of chewiness and flavor. Comes with a full squid (size of two hands); tentacles included!\n-Pork Belly Steamed Bun Sliders: So yummy! I wish there was more. They offer two different kinds of buns--crispy or steamed. We opted for the steamed and it was magnificent. Comes with three sliders. Pork belly was flavorful and melted in your mouth. They also have an option to add one more slider if you are planning to share this dish amongst an even number of people.\n-Oxtail Pho: Very plain, but still very good. The broth for me was a bit too salty, but the oxtail melted right off the bone. The chunks are gigantic, but the texture of the oxtail makes it super easy to eat.\n-Shigoku Oysters: this was a special the time we went. Raw oysters from Washington. Each oyster is $3.50. Man oh man were these oysters goooooood! The sauce they put on top of the oysters were spot on. It left me wanting more!\n\nThe service was also top notch! They even offered free beer flights of a new beer they were trying to promote when we were dining. We didn't taste it, but it was a very sweet gesture! Will I come here again? YES YES YES! I can't wait to try all the other options on the menu!