Leave it to the Pumpkin Queen to want to review such an event ;)\n\nI love Halloween. I mean, REALLY REALLY love it. More then Christmas, more then my Birthday. So naturally, I've been to Screamfest....a few times.\n\nQuickly becoming an annual event (I know for certain it's been around for four years now), it caters to the Halloween season as Calgary's biggest 'haunted house' type venue. It's found a home at Canada Olympic Park and the prices are $20 for weekend nights or $15 otherwise. This gets you access to all the haunted houses and the games tent (but Stampede-like games are $3 a pop). There were 5 haunted houses this past year which were housed in semi-trailer truck carriages with different themes like 'Terror Under the Big Top', 'Bates Motel' and 'Nuclear Nightmare'. This past year even included 'Lucifer's Labyrinth', an outdoor jaunt complete with an overdose of fog (which way is out?) and guys with scythes and chainsaws pretending to be your worst nightmare.\n\nTo my shock, instead of setting up an appropriate atmosphere of spooky fear-building music, the central courtyard, despite its terrific bonfire surrounded by pumpkins, was blaring with top 40 music. Yes, I know Fergie and Nickelback can be frightful but it's not quite the mood music a smart person would choose. I do give it kudos for a creative games tent with better prizes then the Stampede and even a chance to crawl into a coffin that closes and shakes about. The haunted houses themselves won't do a thing for those of us who don't scare easily. We saw almost every scare coming. But the giddy lil teen girls were having a ball so clearly Screamfest gets their thrills and chills from that demographic.\n\nBringing the under 12 crowd is at the discretion of Mom and Dad. How much can your lil boo's handle? I mean, one haunted house is pretty much entirely in the dark. I'd say most under 10 would not handle this too well...it's an inundation of sights, sounds and things that go bump in the night....even if they're playing 'my humps, my lovely lady lumps' in the background. Yeah, in retrospect, that WAS kinda scary.