This happened a while back so I'm not sure if any of the same stylists are there. It was just too traumatic of an experience to write up so I let it go for a while. But here goes - YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.\n\nMy husband came here once before for a haircut and had this middle aged woman who was totally lacking any sort of style (it wasn't his choice as she was the first stylist that was free). His haircut was decent at best but nothing to write home about.\n\nHe decided to give HOL another go and had Antonio as a stylist. He was surprisingly pleased with the 'do and left feeling confident that he found his new stylist. Second visit rolls around and he books with Antonio well in advance. But by the time we got there Antonio had not even shown up to work yet! Since we lived around that area we decided to go for a stroll until he was expected to come in. 20 minutes later no Antonio, 10 minutes after that no Antonio, 10 more minutes and *still* no Antonio, and just a lousy apology from the receptionist. Talk about a no show! Needless to say, we left without returning. We ended up walking to the barber right down the block on Isabella St. \n\nBUT WAIT, THERE'S MORE!! My worst encounter with HOL was when I had a friend come visit and she decided to get her haircut on whim. Without noticing the time, she saw HOL down the block and went right in. That day happened to be the weekend of my wedding (of all weekends) and I had my own appointments to go to. I walked in pretty upset that she was taking so long, and instead of me and my friend having an argument the STYLIST jumped in and started fighting with me!! Who does that?!? It's not like I was making a scene or anything - it was a *private* conversation but still, WTF?!? While I was ignoring the stylist she threatened to kick me out, yelled at me in front of customers, turned my friend's chair around and stood in between us and made a complete embarrassing scene out of it! I couldn't believe what was happening and walked out as quickly as I could.\n\nI was ready to put up a sign on their door warning people of my horrible experiences but decided against it. Thank god Yelp exists so others can be informed of the complete lack of professionalism that takes place at HOL. It's too bad there is no way I can give negative stars.