Recently discovered that my 11YO enjoys playing pool, briefly considered getting him a fake ID so we can hit up PTs. Or tossing all furniture out of the living room and getting a pool table. Still working on the first option for Mr Papagiorgio, in the mean time we made Gameworks our go to spot for playing pool. \n\n Pros- kid can play glow in semi dark pool while you enjoy a Sam Adams. Only one of my kids likes pool, so our routine is to get a pool table, take advantage of the 14.99 for an entree and one hour game card special and send the more down to earth sibling out into arcade area, while we show off our non existent pool skills. \n\n Everyone's happy and filled up on pizza, fish and chips, or whatever other choice kids make. Bowling alley, where pool tables are, is usually empty and mysterious, if you are looking for ambiance. Smells like feet, as God intended.\n There are also daily specials and happy hours and such for the value minded. Also, pool counts as PE, right? I homeschool, so PE credit is important. \n\n Cons- pool games are far from cheap. $9\/hour is making me seriously consider ditching the family poker table and investing into a nice \"I'm over my man cave\" Craig's list second hand-me-down.\n\n Another con is coordinating everything. We play at odd hours, so staff is light. Between hitting up one spot for pool balls, ordering food from another, juggling ID held for pool balls and ID required before Mr Sam Adams is brought out, it takes some logistical talent before everything falls into place. I learned to settle the bill upon ordering so that the ants in the pants sibling can get her hands on the game card early in the experience. \n I just go with assumption everything will go smoothly from there and throw caution to the wind. \n\n If you want to know about the food- it's frozen and fried, ok? Just like kids like it. Don't come here looking for culinary experience, shuffle over to Brio, you grown up, you. \n\n In short, it's where you can take the kids when they've outgrown Chuk e Cheese, and I am OK with that.