Review #30 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012\n\nI'm following Terrence's lead here and ending my 30 Day Challenge with a bang.\n\nOnce upon a time, I moved to Calgary from a faraway land known as Millet. Eight years ago, Calgary was not the place I ever saw myself staying. One year, maybe two max. Then I was out of here. That was the early twenty somethings in me. How is it that I find myself still here this many years later? There's just something about this city... and it's been enough for me to stop telling people I'm originally from Edmonton, and to start calling myself a Calgarian.\n\nSome may say it's hard to put a finger on exactly what it is that made them fall in love with Calgary, but for me, it's an easy one. Well, an easy more than one. Everyday, something or someone finds a way to surprise me, to inspire me, to show me what I didn't even know was possible. From a growing food and drink scene to an eruptingly innovative arts, culture and tech scene, Calgarians are some of the most engaged, active and excited citizens I have the pleasure of being amongst. It still amazes year after year how much the entire city gets behind events like the High Performance Rodeo and the Calgary Stampede. And I cannot wait for Beakerhead to kick off next September.\n\nIf you haven't felt it yet, you will soon. We're just entering the bend in the hockey stick growth curve as far as the evolution of our city. I have the pleasure of being in the thick of it all, and it's been building... boy, has it ever been building. More festivals, more communities, more activities, more people just out seeking and enjoying one another. We're in a virtuous cycle that keeps bringing me more reasons to stay.\n\nWe're still such a young city, but we're a vivacious, energetic and entrepreneurial crew. We work hard, we play hard... and gosh dang it, we don't stop there. Instead, we pull up our sleeves and go help each other out! We are the volunteer capital of Canada after all.\n\nShould you hear anyone say they're short on things to do in our pretty city, please do send them my way. I've contained myself here... but I could easily rattle on over a good cup of coffee or two all of the things to do, people to meet and sights to see that they haven't opened their eyes up wide enough to see just yet.\n\nCalgary, you rock. I give you five fabulous stars!