Although I've lived in Vegas for more than 3 years, I still got my eyes checked in the Bay Area, making multiple trips back there to coincide with eye appointments. Then one day I accidentally popped off one of the nose pads to my glasses. I scrambled to make an appointment with an Optic Gallery location I had previously gone to for contacts and went in a few days before my appointment to get my nose pad replaced. I was met with sub-par customer service and a replacement nose pad that not only hurt me, but was completely different than the one that I had (for whatever reason, they wouldn't change both). Saddened at another bad experience with a Vegas provider, I turned to Yelp. I saw the great reviews for Eyes On Las Vegas and gave them a call a few minutes before closing. The receptionist who greeted me was polite and didn't try to rush me off the phone although they were closing. She fit me in for an appointment later that week. \n\nWhen I went in for my appointment, parking was super easy and the location was in a familiar area. Both of the office staff that were there greeted me warmly and got me started with my paperwork. I saw Dr. Pfondevida with little to no wait after I finished my paperwork and he proceed with my eye exam. He did a few different tests in addition to the tests I'm normally used to. He was very thorough and has great bedside manner. He also got his staff to replace the nose pads Optic Gallery failed to help with - my frames were so much more comfortable. He was just as dumbfounded at I was why any optometrist office would be so averse to nose pad replacements for an actual patient. He seemed to use state of the art equipment and everything was kept very clean. Their office was modern, spacious, and inviting. While my eyes dilated, he let me browse frames. The two staff members gave me great suggestions within my comfort zone (I tend to always get the same types of lenses), but they did make some suggestions outside of what I was used to. I ended up being adventurous (for myself, at least) and going with a new style. They had such a wide variety and price points to choose from. My cost share was thoroughly explained to me prior to purchase. I later found out it was 2nd day of one of the people helping me, but I definitely couldn't tell since I had a very seamless experience. They let me know my glasses would be ready in 5-7 business days, but I got a call only 2 days later saying they'd be ready for pickup. They work fast here! After I picked them up and got used to my frames, I popped back in for an adjustment, where I was also helped right away. I'm super happy I find an optometrist and office staff I can trust and I don't have to schedule my eye exams in the Bay Area anymore. I can also tell this is a great place to take kids, since everyone is very patient and prepared. Thanks Eyes On Las Vegas for all your help!