After a bit of Yelp-search, I picked the spa that seemed most likely to provide good service. I didn't even consider the price - hardly a noteworthy concern when I am going in (blind) to let a complete stranger give me a Brazilian. I also needed my legs waxed, and they could only fit me in with a split appointment: legs the next day, and a Brazilian two days later. Not bad at all so far.\n\nNow, it's been a little while since these appointments - I admit I don't remember the name of the woman that waxed my legs, and only know the lady who did my Brazilian is Katie bc of the other reviews on here. \n\nThe lady who did my leg-waxing was FANTASTIC. She is from the West Coast (I want to say Denver) (moved to Madison at the beginning of Summer this year), and she doesn't do Brazilians. She's an aesthetician too, and prefers facials over waxing. She's a petite, super-friendly mid-30s darker blonde (Anne? A-something?). I am terrible with names, grrr. Anyway, she was fantastic. She was cautious, deliberate, and made friendly chatter the whole time. She was very thorough, pulled a light down, checked for in-growns, and pulled them out w a tweezer (I was smitten at this point). She then oiled my legs down with a gentle and firm grip, and sent me on my way with a little discount card for the next service. When I'm back in town, I will def go see her.\n\nWhy 3 stars, then? The Brazilian. ICK! All the Yelp reviews that anointed Katie as the goddess of brazilians either don't have much experience w waxing or don't have thick, stubborn ethnic hair. She was quick.. TOO quick. When you're waxing a very private region of someone's body, you CAN'T put hot wax on a part you've JUST waxed. If you missed something, you leave it be and COME BACK to that part. I've been getting Brazilians for almost decade now, and this I know to be true, without a doubt. When I stood up to inspect and asked her to correct a few patches, she seemed annoyed. Actually annoyed. As if no one had ever questioned her before, and she was mad that I dared to. That's when a star came off this review. She masked the face she made (poorly), and reluctantly went back to finish up. No tweezer or deep-inspection this time. That's when another star came off this review. Then she gave me the most perfunctory, fake thank-you I have ever received in my life. That's when her tip got cut in half. \n\nIf I had seen her first, I wouldn't have gone back to the spa. But then I wouldn't have met magical Denver lady. I really wish she did Brazilians, she would be so great at it. \n\nMy 99c: Don't go here if you're looking for a relaxed, thorough Brazilian. If you want a quick, rushed wax (i.e. if you're touching up), it may work well for you. Or just be practically hairless and easy to wax. Anyone else... stay away. Find another place, and post a review so I can go there next time.