Ten Ren has the best bubble tea!\n\nTen Ren is an organized, spacious and clean store. They have a great selection of teas, beautiful Asian tea-sets and more. A box of their tea can range from $3 to $50 depending on what type of tea you're buying. The tea-sets are really pretty and unique but I found them to be way too pricey for their size. The tea-sets range from $20-$200.\n\nThe store has two sections- 1) An area where you can buy tea and tea sets. 2) A counter on the side where you can order bubble tea or tea to go. In the back, the store has a lovely table with chairs around it where you can sample some of the teas. The lady working there offered me some floral tea which tasted pretty nice and the tea looked beautiful in the glass teapot- all different types of pretty flowers steeped in a pot. \n\nThe staff here is really nice and helpful. I did not feel like they were pushing me to purchase their products like they do in most stores in Chinatown. The lady explained to me how to use my bubble tea set that I purchased and answered all my other questions that I found really helpful.\n\nIf you're interested in the bubble tea set, this is what it contains: black tea, taro powder flavour, bag of tapioca, packet of bubble tea straws, an instruction booklet, and a sturdy thick plastic bubble tea shaker. I use this set a lot and the bubble tea comes out great. The set was $18.\n\nAlso, Ten Ren offers take-out bubble tea. I have to say, they serve the best bubble tea I've had in the city so far! I had their coconut milk bubble tea and it was amazing! The coconut flavour was strong and delicious, the tapioca was cooked perfectly and the drink was not too sweet- just perfect. However, the downfall about their bubble tea is that it's really pricey. For a 13oz cup I paid around $4.40, which I think is rather pricey for such a small amount. I guess you're paying for the quality.\n\nBesides grabbing some bubble tea to go, they also offer: cold tea drinks, traditional iced-tea, slushed drinks, milk tea and more. You have a great option of flavours to choose from too.\n\nOverall, Ten Ren is a great place to purchase some quality tea, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the bubble tea they offer here is the best. The only downfall is that there is no place to sit here; all the drinks are to go and the stuff is pricey.