My fiancé and I came for 90 minute massages on Saturday last week and, unfortunately, the entire experience was off putting. \n\nThe only and only bright spot was the customer service gentlemen, Dakota, who scheduled our appointment and greeted us when we came. \n\nUpon filling of the new patient paperwork, I was very clear to document how I like my massages. I have extremely tight back muscles that need palm work before finger work so as I don't flinch and jump off the table. This was actually documented several places on the paperwork. Additionally, I stated (both in writing and verbally to the therapist) that I did not want my arms worked on- just back, glutes, and legs as I'm training for a marathon. Furthermore, I was very clear (both in writing and verbally) that I had a strained left hamstring. Finally, I was very clear, in fact underlining it in the paperwork, to go VERY SLOWLY or I will jump. \n\nWhen Antone (spelling?) and his co-work Merrietta came to the quiet room to collect us and bring us back to the room. Again, I communicated everything to Antone that I had written on the paperwork- especially the go slow part. \n\nBeginning with the massage, he utilized deep and quick movements which only frustrated me because I was left jumping all over- especially when he used an elbow on my left hamstring before even applying lotion to anywhere on my body. \n\nAs the massage progressed, I had to ASK HIM to go deeper at least 10x- I lost count at 12- and he never checked in with pressure throughout. Plus, his movements were very disconnected, constantly taking hands off my body, sitting on the stool and not standing throughout my back work (probably the reason the pressure was so poor,) and going WAY TOO fast for me to even enjoy it. \n\nFinally, realizing that he isn't a good therapist and worked on my arms, which I asked not to have done- twice, failed to work on my glutes which I wrote \"PLEASE!\" on the a paperwork, I just asked him to spend the rest of the time on my legs. Again, knowing that time was running out because he didn't properly manage it, I realize I'm not even going to get my neck worked on, but whatever, my legs were killing me. \n\nAntone then completed both legs AND WENT BACK TO MY LEFT HAMSTRING for another seven minutes- I watched the clock because I'm pissed at this point- again delaying time that I requested on my legs. Then with 5 minutes left (or 2.5 minutes a side) he worked on my quads and shins (out of NINETY MINUTES!!!) \n\nMy fiancé also had a terrible massage by Merrietta! He too had to ask for pressure adjustments multiple times which was also futile. He gave up and just stared at the ceiling. At the end of it, when they both left the room, instantaneously we look at each other and stated: \"Well that was horrible.\"\n\nWe went out to the desk to check out and I informed the lady how terrible it was, clearly Antone didn't read he chart, or he ignored, either way it wasn't acceptable, and that we were very unhappy with our massages. The lady (didn't get her name because she didn't introduce herself nor wearing a name badge,) looked dumbfounded and went to talk with whom I presume was the manager. \n\nI see the receptionist go back and speak with a blonde who is working on a computer. This \"manager\" didn't even come out and greet us, apologize for the inconvenience, or even get off her ass (sorry, for the language, but she doesn't deserve to have that title if she's too busy playing on a computer to even greet the paying customers.) This \"manager,\" told he receptionist they would only charge me (not my fiancé) for an hour instead of the 90 minute. Really? \n\nOverall, this place is pathetic in terms of customer service, professionalism, integrity, and clearly, reading comprehension. I would NEVER recommend this place, to anyone, ever. \n\nDakota, you need to get out of this place because you are FAR more valuable than they deserve. Message me, I'll give you a full time job with benefits. \n\nHORRIBLE EXPERIENCE