After hearing such great things about Carlo's Bake Shop from friends, I decided that this was on the top of my to do list in Vegas. Some people gamble, some people drink-- I EAT. Carbs don't count on vacation right?\n\nThis review comes from someone who does not watch Cake Boss. While I love, love, love cooking shows and competitions (Food Network is my jam), I just never could get into Cake Boss. My friends always rant and rave about the show, and now the bakery, so I decided that I needed to know what the hype was about. After walking around the Venetian Canal Shops, following the signs to the bakery (and Buddy V's located across the way) I finally spotted the hallway that was pretty busy with people. In some of the Yelp photos, it looks like a zoo-- but maybe I got lucky, because it wasn't THAT bad. There was a line and it took maybe 15 minutes to get to the front of the line. There was someone who was monitoring the line which was nice because he actually stopped people that were trying to cut in line. The line waits in front of the kitchen where you can watch them decorate cakes and such. At the time, they were working on a cannoli towers. They looked great so I was sold! I had to pick one up. \n\nOnce you get into the actual bakery and they take your order, it turns into a frenzy of customers looking into the cases trying to decide what to get. The lady in front of me was going back and forth trying to figure out which biscotti's to get. I think that a menu with pictures of the items for sale would do this place wonders! It would be helpful to see a menu so that when you get to the front of the line, you already know what you want to order. There were no lobster tails in the case, so I opted for a box of Christmas cookies that was already prepackaged, a few cookies and a cannoli tower. My order ran about $40 bucks. \n\n$40 dollars and an hour later, and all I could think was \"MEH\". It didn't live up to the hype in my book. The cannoli tower was decent, but I thought it was rather soggy and not as rich or flavorful as I was expecting. The biscotti was alright, but it wasn't something that I would wait in line for again. The box of cookies were a gift, but the recipient opened the box after dinner and we did try one of the butter cookies and it was okay. Definitely not as rich as other butter cookies that I have had from less popular bakeries. \n\nIf you are a fan of the show, I can see why you would come here. But if you are like me and just wanted a good cannoli, I would keep looking.