This is, without a doubt, the worst sushi restaurant I have ever been to.\nAfter an hour of looking for parking, we were hungry and looking forward to having sushi. Red had an hour wait, but Restaurant Muramoto was able to get us in right away...That turned out to be the biggest misfortune.\n The menu is a giant piece of paper that the table shares and you have to turn sideways to read it. The waiter forgot to get us water and didn't realize this for a while. \nWhen the waiter took our order, he told us that the food (appetizers and main dish) would come out in no particular order, but he would \"try\" to bring it out together. So my salad might come after my dinner??\n Our tofu appetizer arrived first, but after they put it down, they took it away, and then brought it back. Worrysome...but it tasted fine and we thought we were off to a good start. We were wrong.\nMy boyfriend's roll arrived, and then he had to wait a while for mine to come. He ordered a Crab Roll, but it was just brown material stuffed into a roll of rice. There was no avocado, no cucumber, no sauce, nothing. The rice was uneven, and crumbling, falling apart. It tasted old. The brown material stuffed into the rice (crab?) was oily, greasy, and gritty like it was covered in motor oil and sand.. It tasted old and dirty. After chewing a piece briefly, I left it on the plate. He ate two before worrying that it would make him sick. What looked like possibly crab legs stuck out of two of the rolls we did not touch.\nThen my \"special roll\", the Walleye arrived and it wasn't a roll. It was a few pieces of fish slightly covered in tempura batter and dropped on a plate with some mayo and leaves. The mayo had a sickly sweet taste mixed in. The fish itself was greasy and bland, like something you would get at a Friday night Fish Fry. When the waiter dropped it off, he said something to the effect of \"oh that actually turned out not so bad this time\". Seriously??\nOverall, this was over-priced, and the most badly presented, terrible tasting, and old and dirty sushi I have ever had. I guess we should not have expected much when we saw that the cooks in the \"open kitchen\" appeared to be college kids slapping together food out of bins. I have been to at least 10 different sushi restaurants and this was by far the worst. When I order a sushi roll I both expect it to be 1. fresh 2. have more than just one thing inside, and 3. actually be a sushi roll. I would not come back here even if it were free. I would be too worried that I would get sick. If this is the best Madison has to offer, I am concerned about the standards held by the people who claim that.