Literally the worst. No where online, or on any flyers does it say Jag is a 21+ club, I even called the day before and was told that it was in fact 18+. Got there, was let in, sat down, only to be walked up to and basically shoved out in a super embarrassing way. Like, no explanation at all on why I'm being escorted out during the process. Once outside, I am forced to stand in the rain, still not being told why I was kicked out and everyone was laughing. Then, many workers come out, almost yelling at me because I 'magically' got in, even though I told various people (bouncer, bracelet lady, waitress or whatever you call her) that I wasn't 21. Then, after being told why I was kicked out, I kinda understood. HOWEVER, you can't yell at someone for going in when it doesn't say 21+ only, ANYWHERE WHATSOEVER. Then, the bouncer who allowed me in had the courage to say, \"She messed me up.\" How did I mess you up? Yes, I admit I accidently gave you my military ID first, however if someone clearly tells you that they aren't 21, you don't blame them. On top of that, I was stuck waiting in the rain for about 20 minutes to get my ID and debit card back! Thankfully, the gentleman who gave me my cards back was somewhat nice (he just really didn't talk much, so I really can't judge here). IF YOU ARE A 21+ ONLY CLUB, YOU SHOULD PUT IT ONLINE, AND ON YOUR FLYERS, AND BY THE ENTRANCE. Oh, and teach your staff to take responsibility for their mistakes, no, it wasn't just the bouncer who messed up, it was basically the whole staff. BLAMING SOMEONE FOR YOUR GOD DAMN MISTAKE IS SO PETY, PLEASE GROW UP AND ADMIT THAT IT WAS YOUR FAULT, it makes you and the establishment look bad, and hella shady\n\nOh, and isn't this a strip club? Your dancers should not come on stage already topless, that takes away part of the experience, plus some of them couldn't dance. One was obviously on something or drunk off her ass cause she kept stomping and almost fell on to my table, and she couldn't dance in time to save her life.