I wish I would have checked this place out a while ago! A cool place to get beer indeed! Me and my girlfriend live in Crafton which means Robinson is only a few minutes away. I love being that close to Robinson because literally anything you need, you can find in Robinson! They typically have the best of everything. However, when we don't feel like traveling and dealing with the Robinson madness, we do prefer to stay local. There are a few different Beer distributers in the Crafton area, I have been to one in the Giant Eagle shopping center down the street from are house, not all that impressed with what they have. I mean they have the basics, but nothing crazy. Also, the hours there are just not ideal. I believe they close at 7pm on weekends, which is just silly. Lucky for us, we came across Beer Express!\nFirst impressions walking into Beer Express were good. I noticed a huge warehouse kind of setting which great! Nicely spread out so you can easily locate what beer you were in the mood for. At first glance I saw they had craft, import and all the your basic beers. I was pleased to see the festive beers were in the front of the store. They had Oktoberfest Yuengling, which for me was an automatic buy! They also had a large cooler to keep select brews ice cold! \nOne of the biggest reasons why I am writing this review is because of the customer experience I had there, which was nothing shy of amazing. My first visit at Beer Express and I walked around with my girlfriend trying to decide what we would drink for Sunday Football and the clerk was extremely nice and helpful. He pointed out directions to different selections of brew, he even went above and beyond by checking the walk in cooler to see if they had my Yuengling on chill, this guy was awesome! While he was ringing us out, he talked about the promotions Beer Express is offering and he directed us to download the Beer Express mobile app. The app would give us the ability to look up certain products to check the availability in store.  Pretty handy for just a beer distributer.\nAll in all, a great trip. I would recommend Beer Express not only for their wide selection of beers, but also for the gentlemen who helped me and girlfriend to have such a great experience here. If you are in the Robinson\/ Crafton area, stop in Beer Express!  There happy and smiling and waiting to help you find the perfect brew and get LIT!