They didn't book the massage we wanted & blamed us for their mistake. They expected us to know policies that aren't posted in the salon, on their website & aren't told to you before your service. They tried to make us pay for their mistake, & we may still get charged for it.  If you go here, do NOT make your appt w\/ Giovanna, don't expect help from the manager Shannon, & if you don't like your massage, walk out w\/in 15 minutes to avoid payment. \n\nDetails:\n\nOn Saturday, February 7 my husband and I called Novo and booked two 60-minute therapeutic massages with two requests:  a woman masseuse for my husband and a person who could do strong pressure for me. The salon receptionist said no problem. \n\nWe got our massages on Sunday the 8th. During my massage, I asked the woman to apply more pressure for my massage. She said she couldn't. She also did not massage my feet, and massaged me with almost no pressure. I was very dissatisfied with my massage. My husband had the same pressure problem. Our massages only lasted 45 minutes, but we paid for 60 minutes.\n\nThe receptionist asked me if we enjoyed our spa experience. I said my husband had a decent massage, but I did not enjoy mine. The spa coordinator, Maryelle, asked me what happened.  I explained to her we booked two therapeutic massages, what the masseuse said, and our dissatisfaction with the services. Maryelle looked at me oddly, and then looked at our booking. She said, \"No, therapeutic massages can have pressure. But you had aromatherapy massages, so that's why you couldn't get more pressure.\" We didn't book aromatherapy massages. \n\nI refused to pay for the massages and asked for a solution to the problem.  She said, \"Well, you already received the service. If you were not happy with your massage within the first 15 minutes, you could have called it quits and you would not have been charged for the massage.\" They never told us that information when we arrived, and it is not on their website. I thought I was receiving the service I booked. I just thought the therapeutic massages were not the same as other spas. I said, \"You just told me that I received a different kind of massage than what I requested. I didn't receive the massage I asked for, and I will not pay for it. Please call your manager so we can find a solution to this problem.\" Maryelle kept repeating over and over that we received the service, and that \"your service was written in the book, and we need to do an investigation on what happened.\" We realize what was written in the book, but the book did not have the service we requested.  \n\nMaryelle called Shannon, one of the managers, and she said the manager repeated the same things Maryelle already told us. We asked her to call back the manager so we could speak to her, and she did. The manager, Shannon, refused to speak with us when Maryelle called back. The salon owner, Gabriel, is in Mexico and isn't going to be back until Tuesday. \n\nIn the end, Maryelle said she would not charge us for the massages for now, and that the owner, Gabriel, would call us to further discuss the charges.  We asked for the name of the woman who booked our appointment that she needed to investigate. Maryelle said her name was Giovanna. \n\nWe update this post if more info becomes available.