This place reminds me of film noir.  So here you have it.  My film noir review of VTR:\nIt wasn't the last time they would see one another, but it was certainly the last time they would look at each other that way.  It was a cool, cool spring night and what was once hot had cool, cooled with it.  He was contemplating the hag he'd bagged and she was contemplating the next night alone.  But for this one last night, she'd put on her diamonds and furs and strap heels on those long legs and he, well, he'd make the effort.\n \nAfter the show he took her to one of his favorite places.  She wondered why now.  And when she saw the place, she wondered why he kept it from her so long.  The room was classy, not in that showy way that swank places use to try to convince you of their pedigree, but in that real way that said someone had the kind of taste that you couldn't buy.  Everything was right.  Everything jived.  The bar looked like the pictures of the speakeasy in her grandmother's box of photographs-- elegant and hidden-- everything designed to soothe the crowd who knew the password.\n\nShe ordered a Bourbon Daisy, thinking after one or eight, she could actually enjoy the rest of the night.  The bartenders were something.  Each one was a vision in something black and lacy that showed off their perfect arms.   Did the owner have a thing for amazon dames?\n\nShe got her answer when the bartenders started to prepare her drink.  They squeezed and cut and measured until finally they shook.  And shook.  And shook.  Those arms sent innocent bourbon and brandy and ginger into a frothy concoction worthy of the dame.  And the first sip sent her pretty head into a spin.\n\nThe flavors mixed and danced in her mouth, each distinct yet each in harmony.  It was a natural dance.  There were no mixes, no mashes, no pre-bottled swill.  It was a real drink.  The sensations took their time as they played on her tounge.  Then she swallowed and the unexpected ginger raced though her.  But that sip wasn't done with her yet.  Fort several seconds after, new tastes exploded like fading fireworks in the distance.  She realized that her eyes were closed the whole time.  She opened them to see that palooka, who then realized what he had thrown away.  \n\nAfter tasting all there was to taste, she slipped from her seat and headed for the door.  If Daisy herself had one of these, that would explain how she killed that woman.  If Gatsby had one, too, that would explain why he took the fall.