The Beautiful Carin and I headed out for Happy Hour\/Cocktails on a pleasant Friday evening. \nIn a day of detoxing and retoxing; and given my predilection for places that I can walk to, we ended up on the corner of Scottsdale Road and Stetson at retox central...Bungalow.\nFriday was a perfect night to sit outside at the bar and have a scotch (or 2) and a marti and little a dinner. \nWe hadn't been here in a while. I'd love to tell you that the bartender and all the servers remembered us from our last visit, because we are such witty and engaging conversationalists...I really would love that, but it didn't happen. Oh, we were (and are) witty and engaging! Truly, we are friggin' delightful! But I haven't ever seen the same people on the other side of the bar twice (in fairness, it's not like we are there every other week or something, but still...I go a lot of places where the same people are pouring drinks, etc., for more than a few months...it's not a knock...I'm just saying). \nThat said, the service was excellent and friendly...but that could be the result of our preference for sitting at the bar when we hit places like this...the bartender is always more engaged.\nThe patio and happy hour are really the reasons to go to the Bungalow...I've never had dinner or lunch inside, so this isn't a \"dead of winter\" or \"heat of summer\" kind of place for me. The ambiance inside just doesn't make me feel comfortable...high noise levels, echoing around...it sounds like a boiler room in there...you know what I mean.\nI just go for the patio and usually just for Happy Hour:)\nBut, Happy Hour is enough to give these guys a solid 3 to 3.5 stars (sorry Bungalow...I am not a \"round up\" kind of reviewer...earn that extra 1\/2 star).\nCarin had a marti (bar vodka is Skyy so that was nice) and I had a scotch (bar scotch is Dewars so, not so nice) fortunately, they have ice at the Bungalow. I can drink the barrel scrapings from the aging casks in Osaka that they use for Suntory \"scotch\", if I have enough ice...it was pleasant enough (they don't have a huge selection of fine single malts there, anyway).\nWe ordered a grilled chicken quesadilla (pretty tasty). We also had BBQ sliders (decent beef with BBQ sauce on a pretty decent bun, with fries...also tasty!), and finally, the hidden treasure of Bungalow happy hour...the grilled cheese sandwich! This little treat is made with obvious love and care by someone who knows what a great grilled cheese should taste like (is that Paula Dean shoveling butter back in the kitchen???) I swear, the cook used  1\/2 a stick of butter to grill this sandwich...3 kinds of cheese, toasted and cut into quarters...dripping with melty, cheesey, buttery goodness and love...ambrosia!!!\nThe people watching is terrific...we watched a couple of well known pro athletes try pick up a couple of silicone sisters...peals and squeals of laughter as whispers were exchanged...so fun! \nWe saw people unwinding after work, and the laughter increasing in volume as the empty glass count increased:)\nWe saw a table full of \"cheetahs\" (I think that's right term for clearly married \"cougars\" out to tune up for the evening)...very entertaining conversations as they were platooned by eager young men, fresh out of the office and doing their best to impress.\nWe saw some of the best and brightest of Scottsdale doing their best to kill a few million brain cells, impair their judgment and make very bad decisions to start their weekend:)\nThe Bungalow, an inexpensive ($27 before tip) and entertaining dinner and show!