I've been here twice now and the first time I was WOWED! I had Tina and she was great. The facility is so nice and relaxing and I love it! So, for my birthday I decided to treat myself to another massage. This time around it wasn't so great. \n\nTwo stars are for friendly staff (the guy at the front is Robert I believe?) and the great location, cleanliness, and accommodations. \n\nMy massage today with Amy was not great. First of all, she was 15 minutes late. I was worried if I would get the full length massage and she said I would so I was a little less worried about that. However, the massage was not good. Her skin was rough either from stubble or a rash. Either way, not good. I'm actually inclined to believe it was a rash because she was CONSTANTLY scratching during our massage! Like 1. Gross. 2. It's so quiet in the room it's amplified and I could not deal with it 3. It took away from the massage time. I'm not talking like a couple scratches here and there. I'm taking like a good 10 full scratches multiple times. After which she would rub my body.. Ugh. \n\nThe room was way too cold, something I didn't experience the first time with Tina. It was almost breezy. The first time I remember it being not room temp, but warm (which I appreciated). \n\nShe didn't spend any time at all on my legs. Like literally once over. I'm getting a more in depth massage right now from my nail technician than she gave me. The order of the massage was back (for a Looong time) legs for 30 seconds, FEET for 3x as long as the legs, turn over, legs again for 2 seconds, arms, chest and neck.\n\nI just felt like she wasted a lot of time during our massage doing things like going to get lotion every 2 rubs because she didn't have it on her, scratching, and randomly she would stop. Like I almost wanted to open my eyes and see what she was doing. \n\nLastly, she offered to get my water and would meet me outside after. I went outside and she was nowhere to be found. Like I didn't know what to do so after looking for her I went out to the front desk to pay.\n\nI told him it was just okay and asked who my previous masseuse was making it obvious I didn't really enjoy it and he didn't inquire about more but he definitely knew I didn't like it because he didn't even ask if I wanted to leave gratuity. I'm sorry, but I can't say Amy is good at all!\n\nNot to mention she kept asking me questions like how often I get massages, if I work out, or if I get headaches. \n\nI want to go back because I love the heated massage chair and the facility, but I'll be sure to stay away from Amy. I hope there will be some thing to make up for that experience.