So I wanted to find an awesome AYCE  sushi place closer to the house.  I looked on Yelp and found the place closed at 10:30 and I knew I was going to be cutting it close.  So I called and spoke with a Carlos and asked what time the last seating was, just to make sure I wasn't imposing.  Most places will set their final seating an hour before they really mean to close.  Kaya Sushi for example close at 3am on most days so they set their final seating at 2:15am.  Well Carlos, told me their final seating was 10:15 pm, so I was off.  I get to the downtown area and find a parking spot about a block away, which is as expected.  I paid for my parking spot and headed to Bocho Sushi.  I walked in and there were still about a dozen people in the place in various phases of their meal. I checked the time and thought awesome I made it (10:14pm). I ask the host if I can eat at the bar and she begins to seat me.  I start getting settled in and she asked if I was there for all you can eat or ala carte.  I stated all you can eat...  And she began telling me about it when one of the chefs said, No!  No, all you can eat after 10:15.  The hostess seemed somewhat surprised at this and briefly questioned it before apologizing and offering the ala carte menu.  But since I am on a mission to find a closer AYCE I declined.  I might try this place again but for two employees to seem to think it was ok for AYCE only to be over ruled by the chef after the customer looked for parking and paid for parking not to mention took the time and energy to give the establishment a try for the first time is somewhat unacceptable in my opinion, not to mention the communication breakdowns.  \n\nNow let me just clarify for those who will say yeah but with big parties I would want to serve super late either....  Well, I was by myself so it wasn't like I was entertaining a large party.  I was on a mission, so to speak!  Lol. \n\nWell, back to the drawing board on the mission.  As they say in Football...  Next man (AYCE Place in this case) up.