Cafe Summer is another cute eatery new to the neighborhood and in my opinion it's a bit on the cute side. But that's what makes it attractive right?\n\n I have to admit I did come here just to check out what this fish shape ice cream cone thing (I believe it's called Taiyaki) was all about. Located in a brand new shopping strip on Rainbow just off of Blue Diamond next to the Churches Chicken is where you will find this lovely quant place. \n\nI believe it might be a Korean inspired cafe slash Boba slash desert place but I'm not too sure. Anyhow the inside is decorate very cute with cool art or drawings that are painted on the wall. Even though it's not that big it's not too small either very comfy. With tables and chairs lining each side and a food\/drink counter straight ahead as you walk in. \n\nI ordered of coarse the Fish waffle Ice cream cone, a rainbow drink aka the orange Yuzu I think, drink (which the ran out of) and the pork belly stew with rice. The ice cream came with a choice of 3 topping or stuff to go in it. In reality you only get two topping because they consider the ice cream a topping which makes no sense to me because I would think the ice cream is the base and the topping is a topping. It's not like you would order the cone with marshmallow, chocolate syrup and poke stick without ice cream that's 3 topping STUPID. They should just offer 2 topping at this point SMH! And to finally talk about the Fish shape cone. They look cool but taste so dry and flavor was a fail. To me it tasted like old wheat bread with no flavor at all. \"Sorry\" to spoil it for those of you who are really excited to try it if you haven't but it was meh, not that great. \n\nIt came out not that quickest either. They ran out of the rainbow drink so I didn't get to try that and the wait for the food was a bit long so I had to change it to To Go since my 1 year old and 3 year old was getting a little cranky. I took the girls out into the car since I felt bad for disturbing the other guests who some were reading and on their laptops. The employees were really nice and brought my food outside to my car for me once it was done. \n\nThe rice bowl or since I got it to go the rice foam plate was consist of the braised pork belly, soft white rice, 2 different pickles veggie (which I couldn't figure out what the other veggie was) and a hard boiled. So I've recently got the Bariatric surgery so I wasn't able to eat it all but I was able to try everything. The pork belly was a 2 out of 5 in my opinion flavor was lacking and the pickles was a bit bland and meh. The rice was good but it was just rice and the egg had a slight weird flavor to it. All in all they're the same sort of dish in the Philippines, Laos, Thai and even Chinese cuisine the sweet braised tender pork belly stew over rice which is my favorite but their version here at Cafe Summer I would skip. \n\nAny how to sum it up Cafe summer is a more Looks better then it Taste kind of place. Never the less a very cute place, friendly service, price is ummmm so so and a lot of people raves about their drinks so I have to come and give that another try and see if at least the drinks can score good points.