Disappointed and irritated!!!!! Let me start by saying I am a loyal customer however I haven't that been dependable. I made 2 appointments that I did not keep due to work, however, one of them I did cancel & the other I was a no show every since then they look at me like they don't want me there ...which makes me extremely un comfortable however it is a good nail shop so I was willing to bear the uncomfortableness for good service. This morning I text the owner to see if they were available to take me originally I wanted a fill & a pedicure she said no problem come at 10:00 a.m. I told her I would be there ;she text me at 9 & asked me could I come at 945; I told her OK no problem I would be there; then she called me at 9:08 & asked me could I come\n right now I told her sure I live 30 mins away & I would still end up being there about 9:45 so...I hop in my car, speeding to get there she calls me at 9:30 and ask me am I close((WTF)) let's stop there!!!  I don't appreciate the harassment I spoke to you 3 times within the last hour I told you I was coming I understand I missed an appointment or 2 but let's move forward from that!((DAM)) so I pull up to the place at 9:33 by this time I have taken my nails off; I get my pedicure which they never do properly but I don't complain a pedicure is better than nothing \nNow it's  nail time ((sigh)) I asked could she put acrylic over my regular nails (I did break 2  nails rushing to get there) she told me no; I said OK fine; I asked her if she had time for a full set she no; then she add \"over the phone you said you wanted a fill you change your mind too much\"((WTF)) instantly I turn into SUPER BITCH..I said  yes I change my mind I'm human I have every freaking right to change my mind!! who the hell are you to decide that I can't have options?? If you don't have time just say you don't have time the extra comments are unnecessary. So... I decided to get the gel manicure; she said OK... she cut my nails; shaped my nails and told me to go wash my hands I'm thinking ..what kinda manicure are you doing?? you're supposed to make me some soapy water in a bow.. clip my cuticles...etc however that did not happen after I come back from washing my hands she has the machine out as if she's about to polish my nails; so I ask... is this something new. is she going to do my cuticles after she apply the Polish? I need to know what's Going on here!! and she tells me NO we're saving you money we're just going to apply the gel Polish to make your nails stronger and I'm thinking what the HELL????  HOW in the world are you saving me money by charging me $25 to put paint my fingers??? are you freaking kidding me??? so I politely gathered my things; pay $25 for my pedicure $5 for my miss shaped nails and walked the hell out and will never return!! Not only did I waste 2 hours of my Saturday morning, now I have to find another nail shop to get my freaking nails that thanks for nothing Cindy and company!