Maybe this was a case of Yelp hyping up a place and such great expectations that led to a meh kind of night for me. \n\nI had friends in town visiting and decided to do something special for one of their birthdays and made reservations at Sage after reading all of the amazing things about McClain's restaurant. \n\nUpon arrival, we were greeted and brought into the restaurant which I have to say is gorgeous. The decor and tones of purple make it very sensual and elegant. Loved the ambiance going on!\n\nBread basket was okay. The breads were a little too hard and it hurt a little having to bite down so hard on them. I did enjoy the amuse bouche very much although I can't recall what it was. I had ordered the Wagyu Short Rib and shared the Beef Tartare app. Honestly, the Beef Tartare was the only reason I didn't give Sage a 1 star unfortunately. The tartare was paired very well with the capers, mustard and egg on top. It all worked very well!\n\nI can't say the same about my short rib. It was very meh and I am very sad to have to report that. It was accompanied with white asparagus and roasted turnips. The short rib is braised 36 hour but it did not fall apart\/feel like it was and was very tough to cut. It is always a shame to see the appetizer outshine the entree in my eyes, especially at a place like this. My friends each had the scallops and pork loin. FWIW, my friend enjoyed her scallops very much. And the pork loin was also meh in his opinion. :(\n\nThe icing on the cake was that I let the waitress know ahead of time that it was a friends birthday at the table and did not go out of her way to prepare anything special for him and simply brought us the check at the end of the night. I know it's not a written rule, but not even a cursory dessert for the price that I'm paying for the meal and kind of restaurant this is?! No thank you!\n\nOverall, thoroughly disappointed but maybe I had too high of an expectation for Sage. Would I return to give it a second chance? After all of the glowing reviews, it's still a iffy maybe.