This review has nothing to do with their work. I haven't been to them and I'm sure their work is amazing. However, I've reached out to them via email regarding microblading and it has been a pain in the butt to say the least. \n\nContacted them on March 29 and everything went well at first. Crystal, the assistant contacted me on April 3 with details on price and all that. She had also mention they'll be contacting everyone in the order they received the inquiry to offer some possible appoint dates. I sent in my pictures the next day of my brows and also asked some questions. Then on April 10, I followed up to see if i would get an update on scheduling an appointment. I never received a reply so and I followed up on April 23. All I wanted to do was to make sure I was still on the list for upcoming appointments, I didn't mind waiting, but I do mind that she couldn't bothering emailing me back and say something like \"You're still on the list, we'll get back to you as soon as possible\"?\n\nFinally on May 2, she got back to me with possible dates, mind you the questions I asked April 4 were never answered. I replied within the same day and asked if there were any weekends available along with asking my questions again. She got back to me quickly this time and said Jen doesn't have any new clients openings left on weekends... which is understandable, those got booked up quickly probably. So I replied that I don't mind waiting for the next set of appointments in the fall if I can get a weekend appointment. She said she cannot guarantee and if I'm willing to wait I would just have to contact them back in August? Completely shocked. That means I have to start this process all over again? I don't understand why I can't be put on a wait list of some sort and THEY can contact ME when a weekend appointment becomes available? What if I call on August 1st and they've already offered weekend appointments to other new clients? Makes zero sense to me. \n\nI just feel like they lack communication considering there's an actual assistant to take care of these things. I understand her work is amazing, but their customer service just isn't there. Again, I don't mind waiting for getting good work done on my face, but it doesn't seem at all that they're interested in taking my business.