First thing I want to mention is that I would have given them a 4 or 5 star rating if they didn't guilt my boyfriend into taking something from them that we didn't need and refused to let us return it.\n\nMy boyfriend and I took my family dog to this place. It was a walk in, the vet was nice, and I thought the fee for a consultation was reasonable, if not even cheap (my family moved to Las Vegas from New Jersey, where the costs are much higher). I listed myself as the primary owner and my mom as the secondary owner. I want to make it clear that even though my boyfriend went with me, he is not the owner. \n\nMy dog needed a surgery and my mom went over all the procedures and items she wanted on the estimate. She crossed out the items (such as a cone because we said we will watch my dog closely) and procedures (such as lab tests) she thought were not necessary. We wanted to pick up my dog once he woke up from the anesthesia, but both my mom and I were at work and the only person available was my dog. I got the phone call from the hospital and told them my boyfriend would be picking up my dog. I gave them his full name and they told me he needed to bring his I.D.\n\nThe problem was when he went to pick up my dog. Like I mentioned earlier, my mom crossed off a cone from the estimate. She signed it saying we do not want it. They were okay with that when my mom made it clear that's what we wanted. However, when my boyfriend went, the technician (?) told him that my dog NEEDS a cone. They even brought out the vet (from what my boyfriend told me) to tell him that my dog can't be taken home unless he gets a cone and that if my dog gets an infection because he doesn't wear a cone, he might need another surgery. They convinced him to take the cone and a few weeks later, they sent me a bill. Since we never even put the cone on my dog, I just took it back with the bill saying I want to refund it. However, they claimed that since we took it, it cannot be refunded. I explained what happened, and they were able to find the estimate that my mom signed. They still said it cannot be taken back because even though we made it clear we didn't want it, since my boyfriend took it, we needed to pay for it. \n\nDid I mention that my boyfriend is NOT the owner? He is not listed as the owner and since the OWNER made the decision about what would be best for the dog, they never should have guilted him into taking it. \n\nBy the way, the surgery came out not too expensive because we took things off the estimate that weren't necessary. At least not necessary for us. My dog is healthy and happy right now. But the way they do the business makes me believe that they are capable of charging much more for things that aren't needed. \n\nThe stupid cone that made me upset? It was $12.97. We were happy about paying $900 for a surgery but a cone made me rethink about this place and give it 2 stars.