On September 28, 2014, A few of us girls got together in Las Vegas, Nevada. We decided to stay at the Mandalay Bay located at 3950 S. Las Vegas Blvd. Las Vegas, Nevada. We were given room 21128 for the night. We did not check into the room until about 1 AM. While unpacking and getting ready to go out, one of our shoes got kicked under the bed that was near the bathroom door. While looking for the shoe, I touched something under the bed. When I pulled my hand back out and looked I realized what I had touched was a condom that was left under the bed.  I washed my hands and finished getting ready because I was furious. I took a picture of the condom. We left the room for about an hour. When we came back to the room, I called the front desk so it could be picked up by housekeeping. The woman I spoke to at the front desk sent security up to the room. The security officer who came up refused to come in and pick up the condom that was left there. I asked him to look at the picture of it, but he refused to look at the picture. I went and got my phone anyway so I could show him the picture that was taken. The security guard left, leaving the condom still under the bed. I called the front desk again around 7:30AM or 8:00.  The condom was now under the bed during our whole stay at the Mandalay Bay. When I spoke to the front desk, I asked to speak to a manager. I spoke to Jeremy. Jeremy and a woman came up to the room at almost 9AM to pick up the condom. During that time I told him about everything that had happened. The woman who was with him who I am assuming was the head of housekeeping was smiling and smirking like the situation was a joke or funny.  During the conservation about when the corporate office would be calling, the woman told me they would eventually get in contact with me and it would be taken care of.  I let Jeremy know how dirty and germ infested a condom is considering all the bodily fluids and bacteria that was on there, since no one knows how long it was actually under the bed. Jeremy was very unconcerned about that He said well they picked it up. That was after I had touched the condom. He said that someone from their office will get in contact with me eventually. I proceeded to tell him I was going to be contacting the BBB and the Health Department because this is unacceptable. He told me he would contact the corporate office and they would call me. I still have no received a call back from the corporate office. I called the corporate office myself and the woman I spoke to said someone would call me back, but she didn't know when. I called the Mandalay Bay to confirm that Jeremy had sent over what had happen to them so they knew what was going on. He was not in the office today, so I spoke with another woman who said she was a manager. I believe her name was Amanda. She told me since we checked out and the condom was picked up the issue was resolved and there was nothing she can do for me. I proceed to tell her the story that security refused and it was there for almost 5 hours with their employee's knowledge. She was very rude and did not want to do anything.