This was a perfect place to celebrate Cinco de Mayo last night! We decided we would arrive about 445pm to attempt to  settle in before the celebratory rush would ensue..  and somehow as our luck was with us!.. Our party waited less than 20 minutes for a table! After that! The queue to get in was very long! I had forgotten how lovely this place is on the inside. The old church windows and some having excerpts from the Bible give it a very eclectic feel. The decor is just so cool and you find yourself looking around at all the windows and ceilings and murals! We were sat in the back room of the building and immediately there were chips and a variety of salsas on the table; waters too! I like that. In my previous review, I noted not liking the chips and salsas, but tonight I loved them! The variety of the salsas ranged from hot, to one that was a bit fruity, to a more chunky, garlic version. Happy hour here is great! Tonight was special drink that was a Paloma type cocktail with grapefruit; champagne; cerveza and Roger Clyne tequila.. and a wedge of grapefruit too.. fruity and fresh for $5. The management of Taco Guild was having a cool little contest for anyone who took part in this fresh libation: name the drink and if your entry is chosen, get a $50 Taco Guild gift card. In! Thats a few tacos and margs! Speaking of margs! The 1893 Margarita is their version of a 'house' margarita. $5 on happy hour! AND, its really, REALLY good! NOT too sweet and not too tart. I asked if this was smaller than the regular menu one, that is still a great deal at a $7.98, and our waiter said they were the same size. Happy Hour Monday thru Friday is 400-700pm. There is also a reverse happy hour later at night AND on weekends.. MOST of the day. Can anyone say, \"Sunday Funday?!\" The Brunch Menu looks fab and so do the Brunch Cocktails. Breakfast Beer?! \n The 'Daily Taco' is a daily unique street taco of greatness available during the weekday from 300-700p and late night for a cool $1.99! Because this was Cinco de Mayo, we started with a round of drinks for all in our party and some starters: The Guild Duo: Housemade, fresh guacamole and amazing green chile queso that comes served warm over a tea light.. like a fondue. Seriously so good! We also started with the Diablo Eggs: Taco Guilds spin on a deviled egg that has a bit of serrano pepper, truffle oil and topped with a longaniza sausage to give it just enough kick. You get an ample serving of six of these! So, so tasty! Because this was my cheat day, I was seriously about to cheat my way through this with carbs and tequila! My entree was the Chicken Enchiladas. These enchiladas were so FULL of chicken and goodies that I was full half way through the first one and ended up giving my husband the other one! House made corn tortillas are filled with annatto braised shredded chicken, just enough jack cheese, green chile and tomatillo sauce. They are topped off with a bit of cojita cheese and corn and a drizzle of sour cream. The beans that are served with these are out of this world; NOT refried! This super filling entree is just under $10! I also had to try the Daily Taco. I can not tell you what it is! Not because I had a margarita, (okay, I actually had two!), but because even after I asked our waiter to repeat it twice, I could not remember! It was shredded pork and it was marinated in tequila! That's all I needed to know. Super delicious. Despite the fact that was a crazy, busy day for any restaurant serving tacos and tequila.. our waiter did not try to 'churn and burn' us out the door. We were given fresh chips and more salsa to go with the numerous drink orders coming from our group. He never let our waters go dry and apologized for the 'wait' , (not really a wait, at all!), for our drinks since it was Cinco de Mayo. The live music started in the bar around 5pm and it made the ambiance a lot of fun! \nI decided to delve into the history of Taco Guild after dining here last night . The Taco Guild building history is pretty neat!  Fun Fact: The lot that the Taco Guild sits on was purchased for $30 to build a church. When construction began in 1893, it evolved into a one room schoolhouse named Osborn School. A year later it opened as a church and remained that way until 2012 when the property was deconsecrated. Taco Guild uses local farms for its produce for freshness and flavor.  The use of 'up cycled' plates kind of goes along with the history of the building and what you have when you dine here :  a story. This is the downtown place for trend, mixed with history, great service and amazing food and drinks!