For years my husband will blurt out on a Friday or Saturday or Wednesday or tuesday...good gosh, any day of the week in a week and say, Zia records anyone? I have gone through a few pregnancies and peed in a cup numerous times in the car because this place does not have a public restroom. Needless to say, when I hear Zia records...I sigh. \n\nBut nevermind about how I personally feel...the Eastern location is our fave! Lots of selections!!! Like lots. I can't even begin to explain how long we can wander in here. My kids go nuts in the used game section and I go nuts flipping through their vinyl selection wishing I had a vinyl player while thinking we should just buy one all ready so I can stop counting the millions of times I've wished.\n\nStaff is pretty helpful and friendly, facility is usually pretty clean, but I swear they need a bathroom. Lol. They have everything from new to used items from cds to blu-rays, geek kind of stuff, posters, porn (if you know me then you know I would fail myself if I didn't share they also have an extensive porn selection), new\/old school and used game consoled, lots of knick knack paddy whacks minus the whacks, unless it's late at night...novelty items, and a stage! I'm just adding the stage part in for no good reason.\n\nAnyway, you can come in and sell your old music, movies, games, game consoles, collectible items, etc...don't know how much you'll get for it, but store credit will always be the better deal than opting for cash because getting cash for your items depending what it is-is usually not worthed. \n\nMy review probably reads like I'm not being informative, but tonight...I'm typing this up in hopes no one reads this or has read the other reviews on Zia and kinda get what the place is all about. Lol.\n\nI think there is something for everyone in there, even little kids as they have toys and figurines that they may whine for. But beware because things can be knocked over and break so watch them kids. Certainly stroller friendly! Highly recommend especially if you're someone who doesn't like to splurge on brand new movies\/games like us, or are looking for old dvds to play in some dvd player for the young ones and don't want to spend alot.