Great food can be found anywhere. Great service is one in a million these days. This place gets an A+ in the most awful service I have ever received and if you have\/had a Groupon for this place like I did, don't even bother going. You'll be treated worse than a bothersome fly on a hot and humid day.\n\nIt's simple. Businesses put  their name out by working with daily coupon sites like Groupon, LivingSocial, etc., to garner new and potential repeat customers. Instead, after going there with my handy coupon, I can't help but drive by this place on the way home and think nothing but the horrible experience I received. \n\nI went with my boyfriend and bought the Groupon because I was impressed due to online reviews and decided to splurge on a good ole' prime rib. We sit down, am impressed with the old school decor, and then the server from Azkaban appears. We tell her that we'd like to order off the special evening menu where it's a little cheaper and tell her joyfully that we found this place through Groupon and that it's our first time. Wrong thing to do. I don't know if it's because past Groupon-ers don't tip well or something, but I could swear her smile immediately turned 180 degrees in an instant. \n\nIt took our food (the chicken and prime rib) almost 33 minutes to come out. All we did was nom ... and nom ... and nom on the watery coleslaw and gritty liver (which isn't to blame since I was never a liver fan). Not once did our server come by our table. We watched her run into the kitchen and either not come back out for a while or attend to other tables. It was another server that came out and gave us our food so we let our frustration go since it wasn't her fault and there's no use in calling her out for nothing. We asked if she knew where our server was, and she said she would look for her. 10 minutes later, nothing, yet it was the new server who kept coming back, asking if everything was alright like a normal server should. \n\nThen it was time for the check and we just wanted to get out of there since we were basically ignored. 17 minutes pass, no check came even though our  table had been cleared. Our server was still MIA so we asked a random server to give us our check. He said he would tell our server to bring it back and we told him straight up that we didn't even want to see her face so another random server brought it back.\n\nWe had a table of 4 sitting next to us who even leaned over and asked us why we were being so calm when our non-existent server was treating us like crap. We didn't even want to bother waiting another 20 minutes just to talk to a manager since apparently the only way the servers here communicate is by playing Telephone so we just left after paying. The table beside us told us that they were going to complain for us since we wanted to leave, but whether they did or not I didn't even care at that point. \n\nTo be honest, I can't even remember what the food tasted like, which isn't quite fair in a review. I went here a couple of months ago, but I have never had an experience where service overrode the taste of food. I'm pretty sure prisoners in a cafeteria get more attention than I did.\n\nMaybe it wasn't even the Groupon. Who knows. All I know is that we ran out of there like Usain Bolt and tell anyone who asks about our worst dining experience that this is the place to experience it.