Maybe everyone that wrote a five star review had a great experience, or maybe they just buy into the pretentious Scottsdale BS that this place has down to a science. I get that they took a high-end restaurant and turned it into a brunch spot but honestly the decor prices DJ the whole scene was totally over-the-top and they seem much more concerned about appearances then actual quality of service and food.\n\nWhat's right:\n- Great Diverse Menu \n- Great Drinks\n- Awesome Bloody Mary Bar\n- Clean\n\nWhat's wrong:\n- Overpriced- we each had one drink and an entree and the bill was $90 for 4 people. For BREAKFAST\n- Awful staff - the manager is a total ass. I saw him yell at staff in a completely derogatory and condescending manner multiple times. He did literally nothing except try to look important when clearly his staff needs coaching on service. And the hostess had on booty jorts and a 2.99 tank top from forever 21. Not knocking that outfit in general but it seems kind of tacky considering the image they're trying to portray. Plus the gross manager was all brushing up on her.\n- No specials - not everyplace has to have unlimited mimosas but some sort of deal would be nice, like 2 for ten or something \n- THE FREAKIN HASH! - i'm going to go out on a limb here but if you're going to put the word hash into the name of your business your hash should probably be pretty decent right? I ordered a hash with fresh lump crab on it and was pretty excited to try it. Unfortunately the sweet potatoes in the hash were completely undercooked and disgusting. So I sent back the hash and it came back out with cooked yet flavorless potatoes but now there is no egg on it. So by the time I got my food everyone was done eating and finally I got my complete meal about 40 minutes after I ordered. My sister ordered another hash with regular potatoes and was equally unimpressed. You just need to do something special if you're going to base your menu around something.\n\nAnd the cardinal sin of all breakfast places as well as number one indicator a breakfast place will go out of business..... Drumroll please... They did not keep our coffee cups full. Each of us had coffee and it was only refilled one time and that was after sitting empty for at least 10 minutes. The server brought the check and never asked if we wanted more but we did so we asked for more which turned out to be a good idea because we waited about another 15 minutes for our credit card to be run. \n\nI give points for the menus creativity but the execution is bad and the service worse. I give this place 2 stars and 6 months!