When you don't expect much and a place delivers big than you can get excited. At almost 1 AM while laid over from a delayed flight I hit them up because it was walking distance from the hotel. I had not eaten anything for half the day with flight issues and probably anything would have tasted good, but they did better than good.\n\nThis restaurant is not far from the Four Points Hotel and they recommended it since everything else had long closed except for the strip joints and the 24 hour Skyland Family Restaurant. I really did not care, I was just so starved and needed FOOD!\n\nI walked the couple minute trek and found the restaurant easily. The sidewalk was clear and there was actually business at this time of the morning. It was hard to get a vibe for the area since everything was dark, but there were other businesses within sight. I walked through the doors and was immediately greeted by a woman who seated me at a booth. Not long after a male waiter came by and offered coffee, water and a menu. Within what seems seconds drinks were on the table. The coffee was solid.\n\nWhen the waiter came back with drinks I took no time to let him know that I was exhausted and just needed to eat, but preferred breakfast and asked for a recommendation. Some sort of combo with eggs, meat, another side and pancakes were offered. I decided on sausage patties and grits to accompany the meal. The waiter was friendly and it was refreshing after a really bad day at the airport.\n\nI took a look around the dining room and it was set up with booths on the exterior walls. and interior middle. Seating capacity was pretty good and from what I could see it was tidy. There were various wall hangings which made it feel more comfortable. It was a standard diner place I guess, I was too tired to remember more details. \n\nMy breakfast came out so fast I thought it had to be a mistake and someone elses. But oh no, they rushed it through because I said how hungry I was and boy was it appreciated. The food smelled great and I was ready to dig in, but which first. Well I hit up the grits off the bat, something I don't often order. They were delicious, but so was everything and temperature was nice and hot.  My waiter checked up on me twice and provided a coffee refill.\n\nMy area was cleared quickly of dirty dishes upon finishing and the check was in hand to check out. I found the bill to be almost a mistake, it was so reasonable for the amount of food. The woman up front when paying was also friendly and we chatted a few minutes about all the wrestling memorabillia on the wall. The owner is a HUGE fan of wrestling. So, if anyone wants to talk wrestling come in during the day and he will bend your ear off I imagine. \n\nI have no idea about the rest of the menu, but my meal was definitely quality. The service was about as good as you could possibly get. The place was clean and they offer 24 hour dining which was a bonus for me. I can imagine there lunch and dinner meals are pretty darn good too! The pies in the case as I headed out looked yum. They are doing this right at the Skyland.