I've been debating on writing this review for a while now, and although I don't particularly like writing about negative experiences I hope it helps them improve in the future.\n\nI came in a few weeks ago around 2AM because I was having the worst stomach pain I have ever had in my entire 24 years of life. It was excruciating to the point where even though I loathe hospitals after spending a year of my life basically living in one when I was younger I drug myself there in tears hoping to find out what in the world was wrong.\n\nNow when I first arrived the nurses who were working in the ER were very kind. They were able to insert an IV first shot and it was almost painless (also no bruising the following day which is rare for me) and led me to a small room with a few chairs where some other patients were waiting for tests. I was still in tears and could not move at all without being crippled with pain so the nurse gave me a pain mediation through my IV to help me relax while they waited to take me up to do a cat-scan and ultrasound. \n\nThey were all very sweet, and made me feel as comfortable as possible while I waited. By the time they came to take me upstairs to do the tests i was feeling extremely nauseous from how bad the pain was and after they had finished their tests when they brought me back to the room to wait for the results I was throwing up. They got me cleaned up sat me back down gave me some more pain medication and warm blankets and water while i waited for the results.\n\nThe first thing that happened that I really didn't like was that they waited until I was crazy doped up on pain medication to talk to me about paying for my visit. They took my insurance up front when I checked in like you know Im insured why do I have to give you a payment right now while Im high as a damn kite?? After that the Doctor finally came in and told me that I had some gallstones in my gallbladder and that might be what was causing me to be in pain. He said however that we had to do another test to see if that was really the cause or if it was something else. So they wheeled me over to a bed in the ER and had me change into a gown and wait there so we could do the other test. After waiting almost two hours in the bed the pain medication they had given me before had more than wore off and I was back to being in excruciating pain. \n\nFinally they come to get me for this next test and they said it took so long because they had to make sure i wasn't pregnant? I 100% that this is proper procedure and it could put a pregnancy at risk if they didn't know, but I waited there for over two hours... I could've called someone to leave there house pick me up a pregnancy test from the store and taken it and known whether or not I was pregnant in thirty minutes. My first year of college I did a medical internship in a hospital up north and it took them two minutes to find out if someone was pregnant after giving a urine sample so i call BS on that one. So I waited two hours without pain medication to \"make sure I wasn't pregnant.\"\n\nAfter this test was over they admitted me into the hospital and took me to a shared room. They told me that they didn't believe that it was my gallbladder because the stones were much too little to cause any discomfort. They did however tell me that my ovaries were riddled with cysts and that one or more had ruptured causing the pain. At this point I was under the impression that I just had to wait for the doctor to come and release me with pain medication and that i needed to go to my OBGYN to get further care to treat the ovarian cysts so I was confused as to why I was being admitted? This was at 2PM.\n\nThe male nurse I had was very unaccommodating and all in all unpleasant to deal with (Not going to name names) he just kept telling me that I needed to talk to the doctor before I could be discharged. He finally told me that my doctor would be on our floor at 5pm and would talk t me then. In the mean time I haven't been able to eat or drink anything the entire time I've been there going on 14 hours and I hadn't been given anything for the pain since earlier that morning. So I basically came to the hospital to feel worse.\n\nAround 6:30 I call him in because surprise surprise the doctor never came to see me and I tell him I just want to leave I basically tell him everything I wrote in the above statement and he said the doctor should be with me any minute. He came back with pain medication and tried to put it in my IV. I told him no they should've been giving me something for the pain the last 15 hours not now that I want to leave. At 7:30PM I got dressed asked someone to remove my IV so I could discharge myself then finally the doctor came (who by the way wasnt even my doctor) gave me 20 percocet and told me I could leave... Like I waited the whole time for that??\n\nPoor patient care. Besides the Nurse I had at 2AM everyone was honestly the reason medical personnel get the bad rap that they do.