TL;DR average to below on the food side. shaky on identity. not the best standard of service.\n\nOhhhh were to begin??? Hold on to your bowling shoes, kids, because this is going to be a rough one. I will say that I rarely have an issue with a restaurant, that leaves me feeling shaken and questioning everything that I thought was real.\n\n\nIt happened to me at State 48 Brewery and \"Funk House\"\/(Ooh by the way, we have a completely unnecessary bowling alley to further distract us from providing appreciable customer service). It think that's the official name on the business charter. That is to say, what the hell do you want to be? I see several distinct possibilities and you're not setting the world on fire with any of them? Are you a brewery? Sports Pub? Restaurant? Night Club? Bowling Alley? WE DON'T KNOW.\n\nSo let's begin because I know that you people have questions. The scene: Saturday. Early evening. Looking to watch the D-Backs with the crew. Maybe toss back a couple of cold ones. We roll in to the the \"Funk House.\" One of like three tables and an army of staff, meandering about. We ask if they're showing the game. Keep in mind that there are 4,517 tv screens, but as I glance to my left I see no fewer than six guys fussing with remotes, standing on stools, and scratching their heads as they starred at one another. The very over the top \"New York\" guy that greeted us first, in the middle of D-Back country, declares that he's a Yankees fan. OK... He then adds injury to the insult by informing us that somehow they couldn't figure out how to work the TV. \n\nWe should have left. We were given a clear sign that this place was not for us... But we persisted. We were seated by Mr. NYC goes Glendale. Maybe he was in witness protection, kinda like Steve Martin in 'My Blue Heaven'?\n\nOur server arrives. Now I will be fair in saying that one member of our party was starving and had many questions about the menu and fired them at the server faster than an AR-15. The server did OK, but couldn't really answer one key question. The entire balance of the meal hinged on an answer to this aged old question:\n\n- I see you have beer battered fries as an option. Do you also have non-beer battered fries. This launches into some genuine confusion on both ends. They volley back and forth for a while and then I think we settled on the fact that while beer battered fries are widely available at the \"Funk House\" you can also get a regular hand cut french fry to satisfy your french fry needs. \n\nI asked the waitress if she had tried the CEVICHE STUFFED AVOCADO\n(shrimp ceviche, cilantro-lime aioli, tortilla chips 10) She reported that she LOVED it, which was about as lively as she got the entire time. Done. I ordered that. \nMy home girl with fry preferences had the SONORAN BURGER\n(pepperjack cheese, roasted corn,avocado crema, pico de gallo, beer battered jalapeño 14)\n\nThere was another dish on our table but I can't recall it.\n\nAs our order is being taken we noticed that the couple next to us got the wrong food. By like a lot. With three tables in the restaurant (and our table still ordering).\n\nI had a couple of cocktails. They were inconsistent, but not bad. My one buddy had a national brand beer in a bottle. Safe. My fry girl ordered a 'Shanty' style concoction that they make using their own beer. It arrives with a free side of fruit flies. Had a (sun)devil of a time getting anyone's attention and a harder time getting them to act time they gave a rat's ass.\n\nThe food was a train wreck as well. The burger lacks any flavor. The pico tasted like last weeks jarred pico. The battered jalapeño is just sitting on the bun and not in the sandwich. The ceviche was painful. The shrimp look like sea horses from when you were little. Also they were cooked. Do I have to spell it out to these people what the method of making ceviche is?\n\nAnyway as all this is happening, dj freddy fresh is about to tear the house down on the turn tables, errrrr macbook. We have a waitress that stares off into the distance upon being informed that there are insects in our beverage. A manager type who comes to see if everything is OK and upon learning of our situation he kindly offers to take the drink, none of which was consumed, off our bill. A prince among men. We all looked at each other, as it was clear that the funk was about to simmer. We had to get out. We summoned up our check. Still left a nice tip because it wasn't that deep. \n\nIf you want a good environment with better food, check out Bar Louie right behind this place. If you go to the \"Funk House\" tell 'em Big Texas warned you!