The first time I came, I ordered the pork bone soup. It was fantastic - came to me super hot, meat was fresh and soup was delicious. However, rice was only available as a separate order which sucks because other places offer rice with their PBS. Even though I didn't get my rice, I could have easily gave them 3-4 stars based on the quality of their food.\n\nTonight, my second visit to Songcook and the food don't lie! I entered the restaurant only to find myself on the wait list, but was only 10 mins wait. Fast forward and I got my table, close to the renovating side. It was empty in that section, so I didn't understand why I needed to wait. I ordered the spicy fried pork chop with rice and miso soup. This was easily one of the best $16 meal I've had in a while. It was ginormous, not to mention super delicious and flavourful! The spiciness  was not overwhelming and it had a tang to it. The pork chop was fried with the spicy sauce doused all over. I took my first bite and it was so juicy and crunchy.. I thought I was in pork heaven in that moment. The crunchiness was short lived due to the sauce, but the first few bites made this meal all worth it! The sauce also had pineapples, red bell peppers and baby corn in it, which added more to the flavour.. In awe!\n\nThe service don't lie also - it was just as professional and friendly as my first visit. Like I said before, I sat in the section of the restaurant where the renovation is still taking place, so the wait staff didn't come that often (kind of bugged me a little). However, when they did come around, they were very polite and was genuine about helping us. That right there deserves top marks for me.\n\nNo matter how good a place is, there has to be some kind of flaw. I think for me tonight was the washroom. Yes, it gets busy here but things still need to be cleaned. The washroom was quite a mess, but still bearable. It wasn't a very pleasant visit.. What's the point of having a clean restaurant when the exterior and interior aren't in sync with each other? If the seating area is clean, so should the washrooms and kitchen (not saying I saw the kitchen though).\n\nI think I can give Songcook a very solid 4.5 stars. I took off 0.5 based on the cleanliness of the washroom. Great job guys, keep it up.. 5 stars for my next visit...... To the washroom haha