\"EXCUSE ME!\"\n\nSuch was the theme of the night.  Trying to get good service here is nearly impossible.  Servers would walk past our table without even a second glance causing us to have to scream and flag them down.  Ugh.\n\nWe stopped in for some drinks and dessert, after an early dinner elsewhere in NoSco.  After our experience I'm not sure that I would return for lunch or dinner....and it makes me wary to try North.  The mini cannolis had a very overpowering lemon flavor.  Cannolis are my favorite dessert....in my life I have had about 50 billion of them.  My wedding cake had cannoli filling.  I have never had lemon flavored cannoli before. It was half gross and mostly disgusting.  The chocolate and hazelnut \"cake\" was really a brownie in the shape of pie with a lot of whipped cream and some hazelnuts on top.  Not quite what I was expecting.\n\nThe drink selection is pedestrian as is the beer and wine selection.  Then there is the water.  Holy cow I felt like I was drinking a glass of the chemicals my parents put in their pool.  It smelled awful and tasted absolutely disgusting.  I forced it down but oh man, they need to adjust their water filter.\n\nIts all open seating according to the server we ran into on the way in.  Although when we made the move to a newly open table we were told it was reserved.  What is it? Open or reserved?  Once we got a spot on the patio we were treated to parents letting their children run through the fountain at Kierland at 10pm.  I don't know...when I was 7 years old I wasn't running around crazy at 10pm at night.  (And I was most certainly not in Bar North after that having dessert and whatever.  Who brings a kid into a bar at 10pm on a Saturday night?!) \n\nThen came time for the check.  We waited so long for our server to pick it up that I actually had to go to the bar and pay for it there. \n\nAll in all I was completely unimpressed.  Given the bizarre cannoli and the mediocre \"cake\" combined with the terrible service I'm not sure I would go back.....the only reason its getting the third star is because the pickings in North Scottsdale are slim.