WOW! All I can say is WOW! Up till now, Zebra was the best restaurant in Charlotte that I ate at. Now, it's Barrington's! My best friends were visiting from TN, and I wanted to treat them for their Birthdays (There were 3 of them visiting). I knew it wouldn't be cheap but what the heck....you only live once, right?\n\nNow understand that me and my group of friends are real \"foodies.\" We've had the fortune at eating at some of the best restaurants in the country. Not bragging, just giving some context here. So we typically go \"all out\" when possible, and given the special nature of this night, we certainly went \"all out.\"\n\nSo, to start the dinner off, we ordered the French Onion soup AND TWO pasta dishes since I read that they are famous for their pasta. This was basically \"for the table\" (i.e., we made it family style). My GOD. The French Onion soup was nothing like I've ever had before. Obviously reconstructed to a fine, modern twist. It didn't have your regular \"toasty cheese\" on top. Oh no.....it had a fine \"cheese FOAM\" in the center which was like a rich, cheesy sour cream but way better. The Onions were sweet and savory. Just about the best I've ever had! The pasta? IF you ever come here, you've GOT to order the gnocchi! It was freakin phenomenal! Don't know how else to say it. It had fresh parmesan, braised veal and porcini mushrooms which was layered with elegant yet powerful flavors. That sounds contradictory......you get the picture. It was GREAT!\n\nAs if the pasta and soup weren't enough, we also added the Foie Gras. I mean, how could you NOT order Foie Gras if it's on the menu! It was wrapped in Prosciutto, over a homemade fig bar surrounded by a blackberry sauce. Again, RIDICULOUSLY good!\n\nWe're basically full at this point. BUT we've GOT to brave more food! So we got the Ashley Farms chicken, the Crispy Duck and the Beef Short Ribs. Again, WOW! My gourmand buddies BOTH said that it was the BEST duck they've ever had! And I assure you that we've eaten LOTS of little duckies in our lived. This one had to be brinned for days as it was UBER moist......practically melt in your mouth. Yet he kept the skin crispy. That my friends takes great cooking technique. Same with the chicken. The skin was the best part...you can see the bird was pressed down to ensure even cooking while getting the skin very crispy. Some of the best chicken I've ever had, and probably THE BEST my friend had. The shortribs were also delicious. Not the best I've ever had (that goes to Roy's out West), but certainly the best in Charlotte! Oh and just for you know what and giggles, we ordered all 3 of the side dishes: Truffle Mashed potatoes, Garlic Spinach and Roasted Mushroom. Verdict for the main courses and sides? Just incredible!\n\nNow we're WAY overstuffed. So we get dessert. Why not? We do \"cut back\" and only order 2 desserts (but 3 portions). My friends all got the warm chocolate pudding cake. This title is misleading......it's more like a souffle, a flour-less one! Everything is made in house, including their ice cream. This was a decadent dish, a dream for chocolate lovers. I got the warm cinnamon bun, with some of THE BEST ice cream I've ever had....a brown butter pecan ice cream. We all suggested to the waitress that the Chef sell this in the grocery stores. It was uber yummy! All over a CARAMEL drizzled bun.\n\nNow, here's what I think many people overlook. While the did have a decent and affordable wine list, my group and I are REAL oenophiles. Not snobs by any means, just true wine lovers. So I did some research and found out that Barrington's only charges a $20.00 corkage fee. This is VERY low for a high quality dining establishment. So I brought 3 very special wines from my cellar, and figured at $20\/bottle, so $60.00 total for 3 wines that could have totaled $2000.00 in some restaurants (I told you we went all out). So I thought that was a steal. When I got the bill (yes, I paid!) I saw that they only charged me $20 for ALL the wine I brought! Again, WOW!\n\nFinally, I was STUNNED by the final bill. Here we go \"all out\" and I was thinking maybe $500.00 or something for the FOUR of us. But no, It was under $300.00. Not cheap by any means. BUT keep in mind that we ordered 3 appetizers, 2 full pasta dishes (which are entrees), 4 other entrees, all 3 sides, and 3 desserts. That my friends is a LOT of food. For under $300? For 4 people? I mean, you couldn't possibly order more food. This was a food lovers paradise and the bill was incredibly reasonable!\n\nOut in Las Vegas this mean would have been $1000.00+!!! I can NOT believe at how reasonable the prices are in this restaurant. Again, please keep in mind that this is a FINE DINING establishment! So when I say \"reasonable\" I'm comparing it to other restaurants of similar quality. From that perspective, it's a STEAL!\n\nBoth my best male friends said it was THE BEST MEAL of their lives. It was in my Top 5 for sure.That is a TREMENDOUS compliment to the Chef and this restaurant.