I stopped by tonight at 5:15pm for dinner with CM after a visit to the Andy Warhol Museum.  A couple of quick tips on finding this place: first, be advised that the location pin on Yelp is a block west of the restaurant's actual location, which is on Cedar St. across from Rita's Italian Ice (the address on Yelp is correct).  Second, although the entrance was clearly marked (under the awning), signage indicating that the banquet room was upstairs was confusing (banquet room = dining room in this case).\n\nSince this place fits the profile of my favorite type of ethnic restaurant (a little-known hole in the wall with great food), and since I'd never tried Nepali food before, I thought we were in for a treat.  Unfortunately, this wasn't the case.  CM and I started off by ordering the momo dumplings (chicken filled), which were okay but just your typical steamed dumpling with a spicy kick.  For our entrees, we ordered from the Nepali section of the menu, with me ordering the chicken and him ordering the fish.  The Nepali entrees are composed similarly to Indian dishes, consisting of a large dish of white rice with a protein in sauce, steamed saag (spinach), daal (lentil soup), a sauce, and a small dish of pickled vegetables, all served on the side (see photo).  We certainly got a lot for the money here, both for the app and entrees!\n\nMy principal complaint is that everything was quite a bit spicier than I'd like, since I wasn't asked to specify a spice level.  Both the dumplings and the chicken made my mouth and throat burn, and the amount of spice overpowered, rather than enhanced, the flavor.  I've been to S.E. Asia and have eaten my share of spicy food from this region both there and here, so I can only imagine how Pittsburghers with less tolerance for heat would react.  Worse still, our waiter (who I strongly suspect is the owner) wasn't conscientious about keeping my water glass filled.  When my water ran out, I tried taking a sip of the daal to calm the heat, but this exacerbated the problem, since even the daal was overly spiced (I've never noticed daal being spicy anywhere else).  I ended up just waiting a bit to allow the sensation to die down, which fortunately seemed to do the trick.  I'd strongly recommend ordering a mango lassi to help cool the heat.\n\nAside from the water filling issue, our waiter never returned to collect payment once he gave us the check.  CM and I ended up going to the front counter to pay our check, which I assume is what's expected, although this is unclear.  There was even a hiccup in paying the check, since the system wouldn't accept CM's Discover card despite signage indicating that Discover is accepted.  As the absolute final straw, the mukhwas consisted only of anise seed, with very few candies sprinkled throughout.\n\nWhile I'm glad to have had the chance to sample Nepali cuisine, suffice it to say that I'm not in a rush to return, due to the overly spicy food and inattentive service.  Aside from these problems, the flavors of the food just weren't as distinctive--or as delicious--as I was hoping.  It's too bad that this is the only restaurant serving Nepali food in PGH, since I suspect that this place doesn't do it justice.