It has taken me over two full months to process the experience I had at this establishment. TWO MONTHS to attempt to even put into words the odd, ODD experience I had. I am no stranger to new doctors and trying to establish roots somewhere(I moved around a lot as a child and have continued to as an adult. Most recently from Reno to Las Vegas). I waited a year before I even ventured out to try to find a primary care physician because I was still whining over having to leave my amazing doctor in Reno and I just couldn`t bring myself to go out and find someone until after I had lived here for some time. I did some searching and the reviews on here seemed decent(or I may have been drunk that day and not seen the bad reviews). I decided, \"Eh, what the hell. Let's give this place a try.\" The few reviews I did read with my rose colored glasses had mentioned how nice the doctor was and I WANT someone nice who is going to be all up in my vajayjay. Not creepy nice, but a decent nice where I don`t feel 100% awkward(only like 75%).\n\nSo, I called to set up an appointment WAY in advance(I think it was literally like a month), and they scheduled me for a general exam and pap. That seemed easy enough and the person on the phone seemed friendly. I had all the confidence in the world. The actual day came for my appointment and I literally took half a day off because I read there were some wait times, which I don't mind within reason. I got there EARLY(because I`m a responsible adult) to check in and the first thing the lady told me after I checked in was \"She doesn't do paps anymore!\". I was like \"okay.\" I was very confused and a little bit thrown off at that point. I figured I would get in there and talk to the doctor about this confusion, get a general overview, maybe get a breast exam. Also, I had a weird rash(no, not THAT kind of weird rash), that I wanted to get some help with, so I was there to stay and go on with the appointment. \n\nI waited. Then..I waited. Then you know what I did? I waited. I waited 2 and a half hours. Towards the end of the wait I almost bailed because I kept thinking \"I don`t understand what is happening\". I heard several people go up and ask about the wait and they were all told the same thing and that is that they were running 2 hours behind. How does that even happen? Okay, maybe get a handle on your scheduling process if this seems to be a normal thing. Anyway, when I was finally called in, I was called by the doctor herself, which I found mildly odd. I was waiting for an assistant to take me in, but whatever. \n\nI entered the room and first I went to go sit on the little table with the sheet on it and she patted the chair by the computer and she was like \"come sit over here and let's chat\". Okay, let's..I guess? She asked me a little bit about my history and let me know that next time we would do the pap(WHAT in the hell?!). I did not say this out loud, but right then and there I had decided I would NOT be coming back to this strange place where time isn't respected and there is just an overall dysfunctional atmosphere. So, we \"chatted\". The doctor WAS nice in all fairness. She seemed to really like to take her time with her patients and I CAN appreciate that, but no. I told her about my rash and she was like \"show me\", so I did and she prescribed some cream(which did help, BUT she prescribed me WAY too much. Like a ridiculous amount. That is another story for another time, though, my friends). When discussing my womanly exams, she let me know she was a firm believe that I needed a pap once a year regardless of my history(my other doctor felt I could go longer based on my history. I believe every doctor has their own set of beliefs and that is all good). There were some other \"off\" moments during my conversation with the doctor, where my feeling of \"I`m never coming back here\" strengthened, but I will not go into those here. Just...weird.\n\nAt the end of her \"chat\" with me, she sent her assistant in to take my vitals. What? This happens usually AT THE BEGINNING. She took my blood pressure and then ASKED ME what my weight and height were instead of just, ya know, weighing me and measuring me. The assistant was very nice, but that is besides the point. I can solidly say I will NEVER return here. It was just not professional, too long of a wait, and I feel like nothing got accomplished that day, after a 2.5 hour wait, besides having a \"chat\" and getting some rash cream. For fu*k's sake!