I never knew about this hidden gem that was tucked away on south rainbow. My pal Ray works here on graveyard and invited me over to check it out one night. \n\nWow I was in adult candy land walking through this love palace of awesome goodies. I am a big fan of glass, they have a great selection. They really have everything such as, shoes, toys, furniture, clothes, costumes and they are some adorable costumes and tons of them! All women need to come here and purchase their costumes! The selection is ridiculous Amazing!!! They have everything from Cheetah to sex dominatrix. \n\nThey even have some fabulous \"steam punk\" clothing which is to die for! I almost passed out while browsing the store. I got to play with buzzers, fuzzers and guzzers. Let's keep it PG up in here, you all know what I am talking about :). \n\nThis store is Classy and they even carry furniture, love den type of course. I was so jelly of my friend who works here. Seriously, what a really fun and cool job! You really have to take your time looking everywhere as this store is so spacious.\nPeople could really get side tracked as to what they even came in for lol. Seriously, this store is impressive. I asked my friend to give me a tour and I learned about so many goodies that they sell. \n\nThis store is very comfortable and great for couples and singles, everyone that wants to enjoy a visit to this store that is top notch in my book.\n\nI enjoyed this Love boutique as I am in a special place within the walls of pleasure trinkets and semi-kinkdom. \n\nIf I owned a business, this store would have been my vision, it is perfect in every way. Their merchandise is Amazing, whoever does the ordering deserves a platinum crown or tiara.\n\nI just wish I had learned about it sooner. I have lived blocks away passing up and down south rainbow and I never once noticed. \n\nI still can't get over the selection of costumes they have! These are very good quality Halloween costumes they put out, only during the holiday said my friend. They even have some work appropriate ones, so I highly suggest my gal pals go and check out some very cool, sexy, different, fun and traditional types of Halloween costumes. You will be Amazed! \n\nI will keep coming to pick up goodies here and there! This place is the Cadillac of love boutiques!\n\nThis store Rocks!