After my first plan for dinner bafflingly failed, I found another nearby noodle restaurant that delivered. Well, figuratively anyway. Unless you go for Uber Eats, which is fine if you don't want freshly cooked noodles, and that would probably be a big mistake. Am I rambling? Whoops.\n\nAnyway, I found my way to the plaza on Flamingo near Decatur containing Shang Artisan Noodle as my plan B for early Sunday night dinner. It was easy to find because it's next to Yonaka, a place that's quite familiar to me. I walked inside and was glad to see that only a couple other parties of patrons were there.\n\nI chose bar seating when the server asked me my preference. I took my time to look at the menu as well as friends' reviews. Sadly, they were out of the consensus favorite knife-shaved noodles and only had hand-pulled noodles and plain noodles available.\n\nOf course I had to settle on the hand-pulled noodles at that point. My Shang Beef Noodle Soup ($8.95) came out after a few short minutes. The noodles indeed were al dente and tasted fresh, but they weren't utterly captivating. The broth wasn't complex, but it was  properly seasoned and hence quite slurpable (albeit with a shallower than expected wooden spoon). The beef was just tender enough and was fairly tasty. The bok choy was cooked nicely, and it brought a juicy crunch and a slight bitterness. It's not my favorite bowl of beef noodle soup around, but it's pretty solid overall.\n\nMy \"appetizer\" came out later, having taken roughly 10 minutes to cook as I'd been forewarned. The Beef Pancakes ($5.49) are not what Americans would call a pancake, but instead a stuffed savory dumpling or bun. They're pretty doughy and have a flavorful, juicy ground beef filling that gushes out liquid when you cut into it with the serrated knife. I completely forgot about the dipping sauce during and after my first bite, and that sauce does help lend sweetness but isn't strictly necessary. I didn't bother to try out the tableside condiments of soy sauce or chili oil on either of my orders because they didn't seem necessary.\n\nLuckily, I got to catch a show toward the end of my meal when the chef made another batch of hand-pulled noodles. It's pretty fun to see the strands gradually take shape and thin out as the chef twists and rolls the dough. This is definitely the best part of sitting at the bar, or at least with your seat facing the kitchen.\n\nI'll definitely come back to Shang Artisan Noodle so I can sink my teeth into the knife-shaved noodles. Even without having tried those noodles, I'd recommend this restaurant as a good solo or small group dining option for fresh Chinese noodles and those juicy, beefy morsels on the appetizer menu.