My count of visits customized personal pizza places now stands at 4. As I've mentioned before, Pieology is still hilariously absent from this list.\n\nI've passed by Project Pie several times before while walking from MGM Grand's parking garage to the casino proper, but it's always been at inopportune times. When they announced a buy one, get one free special for Pi Day (3\/14), I decided that this was a great chance to try them.\n\nThis is now a chain like all the others, but the Las Vegas store is the original site of Project Pie. It was launched in 2012 by the guy behind Pieology and MOD Pizza. Like those chains, you can pick from pre-defined topping combinations, or you can build your own 11\" pizza for the same price ($12, an unfortunate Las Vegas Strip markup).\n\nI built my own pizza, as always. I started with a red sauce (it was a little light on that, to be honest), added ricotta and feta to the standard mozzarella, loaded up on proteins (pepperoni, bacon, canadian bacon, grilled chicken, spicy sausage), and piled on the vegetables that seemed appealing (caramelized onions, red onion, artichokes, mushrooms, tomato slices, garlic, basil). Unfortunately, due to lack of written labels and underfilled topping receptacles, I missed out on some interesting ones that I saw later on the serving paper (roasted red pepper, garlic butter).\n\nThe crust stood out that most to me. It's delicious and it's not super-thin. It's not that crunchy, but I love that it's chewy while not being soggy at all. They did a great job pulling it out of the 600-degree oven at the right time. The meats are all fine, and most of the add-ons do a decent job (tomato slices might have diluted other flavors), but there weren't that many pops of flavor until I added chili pepper flakes. I think that topping is actually better here than at most pizzerias, but there seemed to be a disturbing lack of shakers even at a lull. Good luck finding it if they're busy.\n\nProject Pie is about as good as the other chains in its genre, so I encourage fans of Chipotle-style pizza or visitors to MGM Grand to give it a try. Personally, I doubt I'll be back very often. The regular price, the inconvenient location (although I did happen to get lucky on parking on an early Monday evening), and the relative lack of real standout ingredients all stand in the way.