This a review for CONSIGNMENT only. \nI have been a huge fan of my sisters closet for years. I always went to their other location and when I discovered that this location was extremely close to my house I decided to try it out. When I went in to consign two bags of clothing today I was extremely disappointed. The initial lady who spoke with me about consigning was very helpful and friendly, this review is not for her. I was told to that it would take about 10 minutes so I looked around the store and when I came back to see if my items were ready, a dark haired woman immediately said \"you know everything is just way too worn\" before I had even said anything. Now, a majority of the clothing I was getting rid of was my boyfriends that he had never worn because of sizing. So I told her that I knew some of the items were new or had been worn once, she then said that they were \"rolled up and worn\". I folded each item right before I came to the store and put it into garbage bags, I had so many items that I felt this was the best way to bring them. I'm consigning clothes not the bag they came in. I told her these facts and asked her how she expected me to bring them in and she said on hangers. So, my clothes were not accepted because I didn't hang them? They were on hangers 30 minutes before I arrived to the store but to me it made much more sense to fold them and place them in bags as I am a small girl with a small car and it would have been impossible for me to carry all of the hangers as well as bags of shoes, drive with them, and carry them in. That should not be a reason to not accept items. I have added photos of just two of the MANY new\/barely worn items. These were taken immediately after leaving the store just in case my credibility is challenged. This lady was extremely rude, snobby, and unprofessional! I felt like she was being very condescending to me and she made me cry. I will NEVER consign here or anywhere else again. I decided I will do the consigning myself through Poshmark or depop, and I will never go to this location to shop because I would rather not get looked down upon because of my age or bag I bring in. As Julia Roberts once said, \"Big mistake! Huge!\"