A Vivace Tale...\nA long, long time ago... there was a date night.... And it went a lil like this...\n\nWell, wasn't the best experience for a restaurant, but the positives...  The waiter was very attentive.  I think I drank about a gallon of water before we got our appetizer, which was the eggplant dip (Perfect)   He also offered a GREAT wine which complimented the meal very well!  I try for a vegan diet, which can be hard if you don't call ahead, so the options here are extremely limited, I got a cheese-less pizza ( a fail-safe at any Italian establishment) and it was more of a tasteless one.  But the company was good :)  If you make a reservation, ask for a table that's separate from the wall or not along the windows.  Awkward Turtle moment when you have to move someones purse to get to your seat on the bench as they managed to cram an extra table in.  If you get stuck at one of those tables, be prepared to have little privacy and be involved in a myriad of conversations that are going on around you.\n\nTHEY GET A 4!  So, this is an update to an earlier review, I was contacted by a few of the customer service reps and they insisted we try it again!  So, they get a star for wanting to impress us!  I'm in!  LOL, so I will definitely update this soon!  Vivace is trying for a FIVE star, and I'm looking forward to it!\n\nOnce upon a giftcard...\n\nSo, thanks to an attentive management staff, we tried Vivace again... SCORE!  It was amazing!  We took the suggestion of wine and was without a doubt, right on point!   The chef prepared a 3 course vegan meal and it was A-Maze-Ing, I got lost in the flavors!  YUM!  The appetizer was a variation of Bruscetta that was made very decadently with butternut squash and flavored with vinaigrette.  Mouth waterin' good! :)  On to the main course, was a great hodge podge of arugula, shrooms, squash, broccoli and many more that I can't remember... Let's just say I got my servings in that day!  The flavor was awesome.  dessert was really done very well as well, with apples and cinnamon in a flaky pizza dough wrap topped with raspberry syrup and powdered sugar!  Welll, hheeelllooooo there!!! \nGreat job Vivace, we shall return, \n\nAnd they lived happily ever after!\n\n:-P