This has to be my least favourite location of the 3 in the East York\/Scarborough area. And it's all because of layout. I'm not sure what they were thinking when designing this gym but it's very poorly conceived.\n\nFirst, there's only one entrance (like other 2 locations), however, there should have been two here. Why? Because not everyone is driving to the gym, and we don't want to walk past what would have been a perfect entrance, to the other side of the building (because it is attached to a mall) just to get in.\n\nNext, there are no fountains in the women's locker room. There is a ton of lockers, and I feel the locker set up is much more efficient. But no drinking fountains?? So I have to get water from the sinks... NO PAPER TOWELS?? so I have to awkwardly dry my hands with these dinky old hand dryers that are placed so high so that other women can attempt to dry their hair. They would be old by the time it did dry with those things! No disposable toilet seat covers... And I have yet to see anyone come in to clean the locker room while I'm there. The other locations constantly have someone in there cleaning.\n\nLastly, I haven't been in either of the rooms, but the actually layout of the gym facilities seems so odd. There's a women's only room, but you have to walk across the entire floor of the gym to get there. What if there are women who aren't comfortable with that much visibility? Why would you put this room so far from the staircase leading to the locker rooms??\nThe workout room is right under the above mentioned staircase. It looks significantly smaller than other such rooms in other locations.\nThere's a spinning room and the empty, carpeted workout area is sandwiched between the spin room and the women's only section. This workout area also hosts an extra info desk. Which I have not seen a use for yet. They should really move it to where the secondary entrance would be and open those \"emergency\" doors up into a functional entrance.\n\nAlso, the only fountains I've located thus far are near the women's only area.\n\nThis location is currently my most convenient location and it houses all the things I actually need from my gym. It does not have a pool, which is a shame, but it's not a free standing building either. However, it's so stupidly set up that I really dislike going. And those extra little bits that I mentioned, while not necessary, make going to the gym easier. I really hope they do a little re-decorating and change things up a bit in the future.