Sorry Terri C. I love ya, but you're so off base.\n\nThe first Asian Night Market was a one-night affair held in the adjacent parking lot outside the St Rose San Martin hospital in the easterly direction. This 4.5* review might've been rounded down to 4 if I didn't see the first review and feel the need to counteract it.\n\nThe list of food vendors was surprisingly strong for a first-time effort. Brew Tea Bar - you know this, Terri - are the kings of the local boba scene, and two of their owners showed up to sling sweet teas in special limited-edition Mason jars. Long-time locals Chef Sheridan Su and Jenny Wong brought their pork belly baos from Fat Choy. Noteworthy local dessert spots Fluff Ice and Matcha Cafe Maiko were there. Shang Artisan Noodle showed up, and I'll give props to Lee's Sandwiches for their Vietnamese finger foods and drinks even though I never get anything from them aside from baguettes (because they're not that good). And that's just the food which I didn't try.\n\nWhat I did taste was an assortment of Asian or Asian-inspired foods of all sorts. \"Takoyaki\" with kurobuta fillings and a vegetarian Yasai - with crunchy lotus root, carrot kinpira, and cauliflower kimchi - were fun and simple $5 small plates from relative newcomers Paid in Full. The grilled baby octopus by District One, another veteran local spot, was also good and contributed to the night market feel. The namesake sushi roll ($8) by 808 Sushi was nothing that special, but I enjoyed it. And the poke nachos ($10) by Hikari were a tasty, shareable treat built on addictively crunchy wonton \"chips.\"\n\nYes, it was f%&king crowded at peak hours, and I would've appreciated a venue at least double the size to accommodate the crowds, but you're blaming the organizers for being victims of their own success, and you shouldn't be reviewing the impact of customers anyway. Food trucks were even running out of food because so many Asians (and folks of all ethnicities) came. And aren't the crowds one of the typical characteristics of night markets?\n\nTo be fair, and to provide constructive criticism (aside from expanding the space), I would've appreciated seeing a sign for the registration tent. Actually, all vendors should be encouraged to tape signs high up on their tent so that you can see what they're offering despite the unanticipated crowds. And please make sure that food trucks like Hungry Kepuha doesn't run out in the first hour and a half or so of a 5-hour event. Thanks.\n\nI really hope that Asian Night Market comes back. It was crazy at times, and I did have to wait for a long time for the \"takoyaki\" to be cooked fresh on the spot (the only way which it should be served), but I would return again and again as long as the variety of foods stays the same or even improves.