Finally got a chance to meet up with a good friend of mine back from HK for some nice Thai food.  From what I was told, there's not a great selection in HK, so I had to bring her to a good place in Toronto.  \n\nI decided to pick a nice little place called, Sukho Thai that's cozy'd up in a slowly up and coming area.  If you didn't know about it, it would have been easy to miss.  The decor is simple and the minute you walk in, you'll be able to smell the good cooking that's taking place.  As a heads up, this place does get busy so definitely call ahead and get a reservation if possible.  Especially with the recent cold winter, it would suck to wait too long out in the cold on a busy night.\n\nWe decided to order 3 dishes and share them together (Khao Soi - $10.25, Sukhothai Pad Thai - $11.25 and Gaeng Kiaw Wan - $8.75 aka., green curry).  The wait wasn't too bad at about 10mins which is quick for what appears to be a small kitchen.  The food had a great aroma and looked nice and fresh.  We both LOVED and I mean LOVED the Khao Soi.  It was sweet, creamy and had a great texture to it.  I like the fried noodles on top and I recommend going with the beef.  The beef used was actually more like beef brisket.  It was tender and mann, just thinking about it now makes me wanna go to Sukho Thai again REAL soon.\n\nThe other dishes were also good but after eating the Khao Soi, it just didn't compare.  The Sukhothai Pad Thai was cooked quite well and unlike the other \"authentic\" pad thai's I've had, there's certain spices that were infused in theirs.  I recommend going light on the spiciness to try and taste the food rather than the kick of the chilli.  The green curry was definitely the weakest dish of the night.  I felt it was a little watery and gave me more of a spicy kick than flavour.  Though I have to give it to them, the ingredients used were really fresh.  So maybe it was just a one off.\n\nKhao Soi - 5 Stars, everything else 4.  So go get the Khao Soi, it's definitely recommended.