\"Holy Hell\" those were the first words to come out of my mouth after trying the magnificent scones at Kitten and the Bear, frankly I'm surprised I was able to speak at all. \n\nKitten and the Bear is a small shop off Queen West in the Parkdale area. This Husband and wife team are doing scones, homemade jams, and good tea\/coffee all culminating in a modern take on afternoon tea. We came in here one afternoon while in the area to give them a shot. We opted for 2 scones, 3 jam samples, clotted cream and a pot of tea ($10 for scones and jam, $6 for the tea). The scones were absolutely to die for! Made with buttermilk, these babies are dense, moist, and a little crispy on the outside, with the perfect amount of sweetness. These are not really traditional scones but more of a mutant scone\/biscuit hybrid. Not only were they delicious, they were also massive, making it a joy to peel back the layers and use them for jam sampling. \n\nAs if the scones were not obscene enough, the jam was equally ridiculous. We sampled the blood orange, lime and jasmine, and Meyer lemon and lavender. All the jams contained real pieces of fruit and complimented the scones perfectly. My favourite of the three was the lemon and lavender. You can also buy jars of their jam to take with you; flavours are constantly changing depending on what is in season. The owners really seem to focus on sourcing their ingredients locally. \n\nThe place itself is really tiny, with only two tables so you should be prepared to take your baked goodness to go. We were lucky enough to get a seat and dare I say we received the royal treatment. Our tea was served in fine china that the owners hunt for themselves and sitting in the beautiful shop was so relaxing. The husband and wife that run the shop were very welcoming and provided amazing service; you can really tell they are passionate about what they are doing. \n\nI for one cannot wait to go back! \n\n*FYI fellas this place is kind of girly and would be a GREAT place to take a date or a significant other.