Every time me and the fam eat over at Pho So 1, we usually come here to burn off what we just ate. Even though we don't mean to buy anything, we always seem to find something that we actually need or get it simply because its \"on sale\". \n\nBig Lots is kind of like mini me of Wal Mart. If you have at least an hour to kill, I guarantee you will find something either to your liking or discover that these guys have some things that you don't remember seeing at other stores.\n\nThis particular store just happens to be right in the middle of a bunch of restaurants. So don't be surprised to hear your stomach rumbling as you approach the entrance to the store. Sometimes you have homeless or transient folk hanging out towards the right of the entrance asking for hand outs. Now whether you give them something is your discretion. I usually ignore them because in most cases, its the same people just about every time I come here.\n\nSorry, I got distracted by that last paragraph. Back to the store. If you are on a budget, shopping here can help you a lot. But be advised though, when it comes to perishable items, always look at the expiration date before you make that purchase. Obviously some items are reduced drastically so they can sell it quickly. These are the items you gotta be careful with. \n\nAs for other items like sporting goods, furniture, etc, sometimes you can get a really good bargain if the open floor model is all that's left. Since its the last one, I recommend that you haggle with the manager to give you an even lower price. Look for scratches, dents, or anything that will justify your request. \n\nThe service here is decent most days except for the last time I was here. It was about 8:30 and closing time is at 9. One of the workers there was doing his usual putbacks and cleaning up routine. There was a particular item that I was looking for that was not where it usually was so I asked him if they still had it. He looked at me like I was bothering him and he replied, \"If you don't see it, either its out or we no longer carry it\". He also reminded me that they will be closing in half an hour so I should get my stuff and go to the counter. Kind of rude if you ask me.\n\nAs you make your purchases, don't forget to sign up for their rewards card. You get points towards discounts off future purchases. It's free and quick to sign up.\n\nOverall, it has been a pleasant experience every time I come here. Hopefully I don't run into that rude worker again or I just might have to complain to the manager if his demeanor is still the same.