I've been to Body Blitz a number of times, but have just thought to review it. \n\nBody Blitz is interesting for many reasons, including the fact that it's a women's only day spa, offers no-frills spa services at reasonable prices, each service purchased includes a unlimited about of time in their water therapies circuit beforehand or after ward, depending on the service you purchase, and what I find most interesting when contrasted against all other spa experiences I've had, the gratuities are included in the price of your service. You pay when you arrive, not when you leave. This in a successful attempt to ensure that patrons leave feeling relaxed and not pressured into purchasing products from the spa used on them during their treatments, though they do have the products available. \n\nAll of the therapists and dressed alike and are warm and welcoming. They make a point of guiding you down the hallways into the therapy rooms with a hand on your arm or on your back. This is nice, unless you don't like being touched, in which case you're in for a surprise, I guess, when your spa service starts. \n\nAs I mentioned, most services start out in the water therapies circuit. You move from salt water pool to cold plunge pool to green tea pool to steam room to sauna and back again on a timed circuit. Or you can just chill in the pool of your choice. You can also be served some delicious out-of-this-world house made iced chai lattes and hot teas poolside. It's like going on vacation for the afternoon. \n\nThe absolute only thing that phases me about this experience (and which gets less and less disturbing as each attendance goes by) is the gratuitous nudity. Yes, I said the nudity is gratuitous. Just because it's an all women's spa, I can't understand the need to strip down (a bathing suit is nominal clothing anyway, isn't it?) and get into these pools naked. It's distracting. And you wouldn't do it at a public pool for women only....at least I don't think. And this isn't much different, except that you're paying more to use it. \n\nAnyhow, once you're done with your pools and services, the change room and other amenities are fabulous and well stocked with everything you need to get ready to go home. \n\nBody Blitz's location is really interesting. It's on Adelaide Street directly next door to Devil's Martini and is another one of those deceiving storefronts. Small, all brick exterior which leads you into this Narnia-like land of pools and endless spa service rooms. \n\nI highly recommend the Moroccan Spice Glow treatment or any of the body bakes. And, should you be so inclined, their spa products for purchase are amazing and all natural. \n\nEnjoy.