Chica is so nice, I visited twice during Restaurant Week alone! The former DB Brasserie space has a fun mix of seating areas, furniture, styles, and textiles for a visually interesting space that also features multiple bar areas and grills where you can watch the food and drinks come together. Latin-inspired menu boasts hot and cold apps, meaty entrees, and a creative cocktail program. A dinner visit with friends allowed for sampling of several dishes and solidified plans to return for a lunch date.\n\nAPPS: I know everyone goes ape for guac, but the Mac and Queso is really the must-get option here, with Peruvian corn baked in a parm cream gratin. It's like a \"healthy\" mac and cheese due to the vegetables! After having this, the Grilled Corn Lollipops just didn't stand a chance. The fresh ceviches (options for tuna or halibut) are small but solid, with the empanadas arriving a bit overly charred and lacking moisture. The two apps I'd most been looking forward to, Grilled Octopus and Mushroom Quesadillas, underwhelmed. The former threw me off visually by matching the protein portion with so many shishitos and a surprisingly peppery sauce that overshadowed the tough tentacles, while the quesadillas were so thin as to prompt comments about whether the kitchen had forgotten the mushrooms and bleu cheese. The Chica fries were forgettable. \n\nMAINS: You gotta getta order of porchetta! Crispy skin, juicy and flavorful meat, sided with yucca, onion, and brussels. This was a great dish, but ask for a serrated knife because cutting through the skin was practically a workout in itself. Another standout is the Lemon Meyer rotisserie chicken (available by the half or whole), an explosion of juiciness and flavor, paired perfectly with an herb chimmi churri. The Shrimp & Quinoa Cazuela was surprisingly good pairing of trendy grain plus lentils, accented with cheese and several plump shrimp. Those favoring meat and potatoes will like the classic flavors of the Asado Negro Braised Short Rib, which unfortunately doesn't photograph well but was extremely tender. The lunch sandwichito Cubano was okay; a safe choice, not a standout\n\nDESSERTS: Both of the dinner options we tried were visually appealing, but the Tres Leches was the favorite with a toasted meringue topper. The Venezuela Marquesa cake was nicely chocolatey with subtle coffee notes but not served with the crema ice cream I'd looked forward to. Lemon Bunelos from the lunch menu are tasty even without the berry and dulce dips, but not something I'd get again. \n\n Service was friendly from bar to table and attentive both for visits. Notably, the sommelier took the initiative to come over after noticing Kevin L checking out the drink menu and his suggestions were spot-on for the requested flavor and budget preferences! \n\nI enjoyed Chica, finding it to be a great improvement over the previous restaurant. My only concern about dining here was the volume: it's noisy with all hard surfaces and much conversation had to be repeated or kept to those immediately adjacent, which is problematic for both group dining or a date night. Ultimately, I have to agree with Rod U, who declared this place \"impressive and fun\"!