Maybe my review is a little different than the reviews you have read about UIUC.  You see, I was a student there from 1962 to 1966.  I graduated when dinosaurs roamed the quadrangle and women had to be in their dorms tucked in by 10:30 pm on weekdays and 1 am on weekends.\n\nWhen I was at UIUC (and this is NOT a misprint), one semester's in-state tuition and fees were $135\/semester.  It only cost about $1000-1200 per YEAR if you lived and ate in a university residence hall.\n\nAnd I remember some of the mouth watering meals they served like SOS (no, not the scouring pads), Salisbury steak with gook on it, many variations of mystery meat, turkey tetrazzini, and so on.\n\nFour semesters of ROTC and Physical Education were mandatory, wasting six hours' perfectly good time every week - a time better spent sleeping, fooling around, drinking beer, or pursuing other intellectual interests.\n\nThe university was less selective in admissions at that time.  It would take almost all high school graduates who scored in the top half of their classes, and would take a few from the third quartile too.  Of course, then as now, they hired semi-literates to stock the football and basketball teams. The Daily Illini's Roger Ebert frequently wrote sarcastic articles about Dick Butkus, painting him as somebody who had no business taking up space there.\n\nIn reality, the students who were not in about the top quartile of their high school teams usually left the university by the end of their first year - so UIUC did graduate top-ranked students as they do today.  Indeed I had a roommate who flunked out in his senior year.\n\nI will tell you that UIUC had exceedingly high standards, and I did receive a rigorous and challenging education, which qualified me for admission to another Big Ten university's graduate school - and a subsequent career in engineering and eventually middle management in marketing.  Yes, marketing.\n\nThings do not change over time.  Freshmen got drunk at Kam's and puked all over the sidewalk.  Self-styled activists would try to save the world from all of its injustices - especially if a TV camera were focused on them, guys belched and farted, the passenger trains to\/from Chicago were late, and a major objective of almost all students was to get laid.\n\nAll kidding aside, I am very proud of my experience and education at the U of I; and I will always be fond and grateful for my four years there.