I do love a good Indian place and thus I was excited to try Rajdoot with a deal site coupon I found that sounded like an amazing deal. \n\nThe problems with Rajdoot:\n\n1.  The restaurant was fairly empty for a mid week dinner time slot - 5 tables and maybe two regular takeout orders leaving - there were at least 2 people serving and a manager hovering and yet the service was so slow.   Our appetizer took 45 minutes,  our meal took an additional hour,  the dessert was faster - 20 minutes.   We had a fixed menu  and they knew what we were going to eat from the moment we walked in - why did it take so long?   We also didn't get drink refills or checked up upon in this time - which is unacceptable. \n2.  I understand that some servers don't have to write down an order - but ours does and yet he didn't.   He confirmed our dessert and then delivered it to the wrong table.   The other table called him back to say they hadn't ordered them and he promptly picks them up and delivers them to our table without saying anything.  This is food that had been left with other customers for several minutes - is that not a HEALTH violation?\n3.  Waiting for our bill was a painful experience but I didn't have cash to leave and walk out.  When I got my bill they were suppose to charge for tax on the voucher and then to cost of our drinks.  The bill came with  the drink charges and then a \"open food\" charge significantly higher than any voucher tax would be - it was 22% of what I paid for the voucher - and they assigned tax on top of that open food charge bringing the tax rate higher !   At this point (over 2.5 hours later...) I just wanted out - I didn't want to wait for the manager so I paid and left.   I assumed it was an accident... however I've learned they have done this to several other people as well.  tisk tisk rajdoot.\n\nAll and all the food was not bad - but by the time we ate I could have eaten the table.  I'm not used to eating my dinner so late in the evening so I was starving.  What they served was lower cost to prepare Indian food you'd find on a buffet.   I wouldn't be surprised if it were leftovers from their lunch buffet.   Still quite good.  If it weren't for other issues,  I'm almost try the place out again for a buffet.\n\nOverall my experience was painfully slow service with a side of health violations and fraudulent charges.   Not a good combo... we will not be back.\n\nReview 1 of 30 in Yelp's 30 Day Challenge