I loved the décor and poolside setting when this spot was Simon's, but service was terrible. Glad to see that Café 6 has tasty burgers and a total turnaround in the service department- but the cuisine doesn't really fit the spa-like locale. That said, I'd still keep this spot in mind for a great burger.\n\nFRIED PICKLES: These are spears instead of the expected chips, perfectly crisp and served with a trio of dipping sauces (an acidic ranch, a sweet bbq, and a spicy sriracha). Interesting presentation features vinegar chips under the pickles? \nTHE WEDGIE: More like a wedge salad mated with a BLTA sandwich, minus the bread. Presentation deconstructed the wedge to more manageable pieces,  with generous amounts of avocado and bleu cheese, two slices of bacon. One of the few fresh\/healthy options, lots of textural contrast, would get again.\n\nMINI BURGERS\nTURKEY SNACK: Turkey burger with lettuce, avocado, swiss, and apple-cranberry marmalade on a Taro bun. The purple taro bun is fun and slightly sweet, tastes like a Hawaiian roll. This is a great turkey burger, surprisingly juicy.\nBACON BLEU: Angus patty with bacon (allegedly, didn't detect any on ours?), bleu cheese sauce, LTO, on brioche bun. Lovely buttery bun and an incredibly strong sauce, burger was juicy, a bite of perfection.\nTOADSTOOL SWISS: Angus patty with roasted portabella, caramelized onion, lettuce, swiss, Dijon mustard, house-made ketchup. The burger I'd most anticipated was underwhelming. Portabella lacked flavor, mustard didn't really harmonize with other ingredients, small chopped onions were falling all over the plate and didn't stay on the burger.\n\nFULL-SIZE BURGER\nDR. PEPPER SHROOM BURGER: Huge, thick Angus patty with roasted portabella, white cheddar, caramelized onion, Dr. Pepper glaze, Dijon mustard on brioche bun. The full sized burgers are gigantic! Aside from our cooking issues (below), the sweet Dr. Pepper glaze worked better than expected and added to the mushrooms' savory meatiness. Really enjoyed the flavors of this burger. \nWAFFLE FRIES: These are perfectly crisp and wonderfully seasoned, served with a spicy ketchup with a lot of kick. I ate way too many of these, enjoying them more than any other version in recent memory.\n\nNUTELLA DONUTS: Puffy donut holes, dusted in cinnamon-sugar and served with a trio of sauces (the crème anglaise being my favorite). Nutella filling was a good amount, not overflowing, happy my BF pushed to order these despite my not being a dessert fan.  \n\nI recommend the Trio of Sliders ($14), which allows you to try more burger styles, though the giant patty of the full-size burger is a good value. The sliders were cooked perfectly, whereas our full-sized burger was served first overcooked (to well done) then redone to practically rare. If you're charging $15\/burger, every one should be cooked perfectly- an area to improve upon.\n\nService was fairly good: lots of positive staff around to check up on us, they had no problem remaking our burger or upselling drinks, apps, and desserts. Now if only they could get people in the door! Despite a Friday evening date-night, there were few diners here and they were mostly older groups. Location away from the casino floor plus $15 burgers (pricey for some) doesn't really help. Hoping this place lasts as a concept (as I want to return for the bbq brisket burger!) , but it doesn't really fit the location.