Whoops, I exceeded the 5,000 character limit for my review on Qua. This is an extension of that review for my spa treatment.\n\nI had booked the Hawaiian Lomi Lomi massage with no gender preference for therapist (\"Artisan\" as they're referred to at Qua). I typically get Swedish massages, but what drew me to this treatment was that it uses mainly long, continuous flowing strokes and compressions, which I generally prefer in massage. While this is not an authentic Lomi Lomi massage (the website said it's \"based on Hawaiian concepts\"), the therapists are trained by a renowned Hawaiian medicine specialist. \n\nMy therapist Carole promptly picked me up in the Tea Lounge and escorted me to the treatment room. When you check in at Qua, they don't have you fill out a consultation form like some spas. In the room, Carole asked me a few questions about any particular ailments\/pains and then left the room so I could disrobe and get on the table. Now the treatment bed looks a bit hokey because of the big Hawaiian-esque blanket covering it, but the bed itself was very comfy and the therapist can adjust the bed mechanically. At first I was a bit concerned, as I had viewed videos of Lomi Lomi on youtube and they drape their clients a lot differently. For traditional Lomi Lomi, a piece of cloth is folded into a triangle and it basically covers your butt crack, or the client would wear a bikini bottom or thong. I was relieved that at Qua, they drape you like you would with a regular massage, although Carole assured me she can drape it Hawaiian-style, too.\n\nThis type of massage is extremely relaxing. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes Aromatherapy or Swedish massage who prefers light to medium pressure but not the super firm pressure associated with Deep Tissue. Carole massaged me from head to toe and also incorporated some stretches for my legs and arms. The massage oil she used smelled so good, too. Of course, working in a spa, I had to get me some spa gossips. Carole has been with the spa since it opened. Her favorite treatments are the water therapies (Vichy showers) and their Signature Hour Glass Treatment, where you book the time and can incorporate your choice of treatments for the time booked. I was also amazed to learn that Qua has 70 therapists! At least 27 of them are full-time, too. \n\n75 minutes flew by quickly, and at the conclusion of your treatment, the therapist rings a bell to signal that your spa journey has ended. After checking to see if I had water, Carole left the room so I could change into my robe. At the sink there was a copy of my receipt, and it is here that you can choose to leave gratuity for your therapist and the spa attendants. The amount is billed to the credit card you used to pay with at check-in. If you would like to pay the gratuity with cash, I would imagine you would need to take it with you when you go into treatment or perhaps leave it at the front desk as you are leaving the spa. Your therapist will then lead you through the maze of the 50+ treatment rooms back to the spa, where you can continue relaxing in the jacuzzi, steam room, or Tea Lounge.\n\nCarole was an amazing therapist and did a fantastic job helping me to relax. I also had a pain in my left hip\/glute due to standing all day at work and she helped alleviate the pain. It was nice to walk around without a sharp pain in that area for last few weeks. Having a treatment here makes me wonder if it's worth the 3+ hour drive to visit their sister property in Atlantic City. Only one way to find out, then!