Vegas gondolas are better than the real thing.\n\nIf it were just me,  I would have skipped this.    I've been to Venice and and spent something like 80 Euros on a gondola ride there and figured I'd had my fill of that.  My sweetie really wanted to do this and I secretly hoped that a Vegas gondola might satisfy his requirement of seeing the real Venice (which I don't want to revisit).  I'm not sure if my evil plan has worked yet though ;)\n\nI admit,  I had always romanticized the Venice gondolas and I think many others do too (hence the reason this hotel exists) However let me explain why the Vegas ones are better than the real thing:\n\n1.  The real thing is short and ridiculously priced too and that's the bottom side of the sliding scale that eventually gets into obscene if you want something at twilight or something that might be a little extra \"magical\".  \n1b. You'll share in Italy if you want a somewhat reasonable costing trip there too. It's cheaper in Vegas and if you're willing to pay for it you can get a private one if that bothers you so much. \n2.  Venice has polluted dirty waterways that really smell bad at times of the year - can you say romantic?  Vegas has pool quality waters that are crystal clear.\n3.  The real gondolier was unfriendly and seemed to hate his life.  He didn't talk to us or give us any tour guide type information. My Vegas gondolier was a very friendly guy who told me trivia about Venice I didn't learn even while I was there. \n4. Not a single rat ran over any of the bridges in vegas you're suppose to smooch under as you pass under.  Maybe the kissing under bridges was designed to get people to close their eyes so they don't see the rats and get scared they might jump on you from above.  *shudder*\n5. They don't really sing to you in Italy... or maybe they would but it will cost you BIG time.   That stereotypical cheese is all Vegas. \n\nIf you dream of taking a gondola ride do that in vegas...  it's still not inexpensive and it can take a while to get through the line so if you couldn't care less then you may as well leave it and snap a few photos of the other people who go for it.\n\nOne of the things I wasn't looking forward to was the wall of cameras that come on the indoor gondola - it's not for the shy.   I found it to be much less of a show for others outside and that's a possible solution around the stage freight issue some people have expressed in other reviews.  We did ours outside,  there was no one in line and we got our own gondola without having to pay for it.... but it was insanely hot so that was the trade off there. \n\nI'm ashamed to admit we also bought the insanely priced photos of us at then end.. they cost more then the trip itself but they ended up being very sweet.