Mmm ACE, you are aces! You know a restaurant is good when you crave them MONTHS after visiting them. I had the chance to spend a wonderful day with my Foodie Bear and a friend. I don't normally venture into Mesa, but he convinced me to go to dinner with them at ACE. I'm SO glad I decided to go! \nWhen you first walk in, you'll notice the place isn't much to look at. As most of you foodies know, never judge a book by its' cover! We were warmly greeted and we sat down to review the HUGE menu. They offer your run of the mill Pan Asian cuisine but then they offer various authentic dishes that will make you melt! \nSince I had never been there before, and I will eat pretty much anything that doesn't eat me first, I allowed Foodie Bear to order the food! When the waitress came to the table he immediately ordered the baked pork chop. I don't know if she even got out her greeting. The Bear knows what the Bear wants! Apparently this dish takes a while to cook. We also picked the Peking pork ribs, I believe some orange chicken, and an order of fried rice. As an appetizer, I tried a spring roll. \nI could see the boyish glee on FB's face while we waited a short time for our food to arrive so I knew I was in for a treat! The food started to arrive and we dug in. Oh my goodness the flavors! The baked pork chop was amazing. It really reminded me more of a simple Italian dish than an Asian one. The parallels between the two countries' cuisines were really highlighted in this dish. A nice tomato based sauce, tender pork chop over a bed of white rice. It was very well made! My favorite were the Peking short ribs. They had a semisweet glaze over a lightly battered, tendered piece of meat. Careful of the bones! Their fried rice was nice and smoky flavored, a sign of a seasoned wok. I didn't try the orange chicken as I was full to the top, but it smelled great! \nI frequently think of my visit to ACE. I can't wait to return to try another one of their many dishes. I can't wait to find another craving!