I would rather not even give WLIA and Dr Debarros a star. My reason for a unsatisfactory review is because their practice is providing services to patients that is unethical and they hit me with an additional out of pocket costs. According to my insurance, they state that is why I have insurance and he is contracted with BCBS therefore, I should not be responsible for more than my 20% coinsurance. \n\nFrom my first visit with WLIA I was not pleased. I sat nearly 3 hours to be seen on a Saturday morning.  When I scheduled my appointment for 8 am I didnt leave until 2 pm. I was not informed my consultation would be over 2 hours (this does not include the wait time). I went in, in the morning and didnt leave until the afternoon. My first consultation consist of overloads of stack of papers and insurance complaints from the Dr. Dabarros. A lady came in and went over them less than 5 minutes explaining to me that my insurance would cover the services. She did say that Dr. Dabarros was only one provider has BCBS, however this will not be more money out of my pocket. Another lady came in and gave me a check list of work up that was required before my sleeve included so many procedures, screenings, exams that it seemed I needed clearance for the secret service. They included annual well woman exam, chest xray, mammogram, pre-op exam, blood work, EDG, sleep study, and gallbladder ultrasound. During this time I was told explained to stay in-network with my insurance BCBS was my services would be done at Tempe St. Lukes hospital. I explained that I didn't want that facility. However, I was told that BCBS is out of network at the WLIA facility so I had to go to TEMPE ST LUKES. I was not pleased with the hospital and definitely not my preferred facility I wanted to have my services completed at. Met Dr. Dabarros and he that the service he would complete on me is the sleeve. He stated that my BMI was not high enough for a gastric bypass. My BMI was 36.\n\nOverall, these procedures hit my wallet pretty hard. What really was frustrating is I completed the recommended sleep study for nothing because my prior authorization was approved a day before and the office was notified. I had my sleep study completed and I was not informed. I received a call from AWLI telling me that they received noticed 2 days ago. So I paid an out of pocket 500.00 for absolutely nothing. In addition, Dr. Dabarros completed an EDG and Dr Debarros said I had a hernia and would need to be repaired during surgery. I have since then had another EDG and was informed I do not have a hernia. \n\nAlso, at each visit Dr. Debarros complained so much about BCBS and insurance companies. And always kept going on and on how he is the best at what he does. However, it is very scary that he has had a weight loss procedure himself without success (he is overweight himself) and still continues to give this procedure to patients while he failed at his own. I also believe he will encourage the sleeve over bypass when you should receive the bypass. I suffered from chronic heart burn and later learned from a different surgeon that the sleeve would have made it worst and gastric bypass was a better alternative. In addition, my BMI did qualify for gastric bypass.\n\nOn top of this all, I seen Dr Debarros and the nutritionist for nearly 6 months. I was in full swing of preparing for my surgery. I was informed my prior authorization was approved. I scheduled surgery. Requested and had my time off of work approved. Arrange help from my family to help with my children and household tasks while I was healing. I was one week into the pre-op liquid diet. I had one last appointment a week and half before surgery when I was asked was going to pay the 3000.00 in cash, check or card? I explained I have met my deductible, $2000.00. I said there is no reason I should pay an additional 3000.00, where my BCBS insurance will make payment. What really upset me is I  came there for 6 months and never was discussed or prepared me of the extra cost. \n\nAt that point, I felt like I wasted 6 months of my time coming to see Dr. Debarros at the WLIA for nothing. I was not going to pay an additional 3000.00, this is exactly why I have insurance. \nI later request medical records and was told they will have to run it by Dr Debarros and see what he says??? If they withhold your records please know your rights under the HIPAA guidelines. They claim they have sent everything to my current surgeon however they didnt receive it all. Also, I am told that I am unable to get records from my other providers that sent them records to support the need for surgery. \n\nMake a long story short... before going through the entire process. Please see get a second opinion and know that this place is a quack and wanting you to pay out of pocket charges for either their non-contracted BCBS providers. Also, I work in the healthcare industry, it is quiet odd if you are unable to get providers or facility contracted with BCBS.