I had a terrible experience at this place.  Gary Weinstein (yes, I refuse to call him a \"doctor\") is a FRAUD. On your first consultation you will be given an x-ray examination followed by a meeting to discuss the result and treatment. For my treatment, Gary suggested a ridiculous 36 visit plan which came out to be $1440 out of my own pocket after insurance.  He said if I were to pay a one time fee, he'd give me 25% discount and at any time in the program should I opt to quit, he would pro-rate and reimburse me.  After 20 visits of absolutely no help or difference to my lower back, I decided chiropractic was not for me and asked Gary to honor his offer.  Now, I am a math professor and it really doesn't take an Einstein to determine that my reimbursement should be $300.  To my surprise I was only reimbursed $160!  After talking to the insurance staff, I learned that Gary did not honor the 25% discount since I quit the program.  This is absurd! Not once did he inform me this! Had I known he was going to be this cheap, I would have just finished the darn useless thing.  Given that I still had 16 visits left, that equates to just $10 per visit, but I am just so disgusted with the whole nightmare.\n\nFirst of all, I came in complaining about my lower back but the \"procedure\" of my treatment was almost the same for every patient! There is no \"specialized, individualized\" treatment, they are all the same! They worked my neck and upper back and would actually made them worse!  There was a period of time I felt severe pain in my mid side due to their adjustments. To their defense, \"it needed to get worse before it could get better.\" Gary said chiropractic was going to make me healthy and should not prevent my daily activities.  I found that due to the unprecedented pain from the adjustments I was working out less and less. Each visit is billed to my insurance for $165! Mind you, my visit includes (1) 10 minutes laying flat on a table with a pressurized object and LITERALLY rolled my eyes left and right (Gary said this helps to strengthen the spinal muscles), (2) 10 minutes basic stretching to warm up for the adjustment (I have no complaint on this one), (3) 8 minutes on a massage table known as the spinalator and finally (4) 90 seconds with the chiropractors.  Ladies and gents, I kid you not, NINETY seconds(!) of neck cracking and back adjusting and you go home. \n\nPart of the treatment required me to pay $150 for two take-home equipment for home exercises.  I asked Gary if I could buy them on my own to save money and he said those two items are not available anywhere as you need to be chiropractic certified to purchase them.  FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD!  After my 12th visit I was given those two items and as soon as I got home I immediately looked online, together they were no more than $50 brand new!!  Look up Denneroll and Stroops Slastix Muscle Toner with Foam Handles.  When I decided on the path to recovery I was seeking physical therapy as well.  Another lie Gary bestowed on me was that he also provides physical therapy, I soon realized that his physical therapy was (1) mentioned above (the eye rolling!). My final straw was drawn when I told him I wanted out.  He looked at me and said \"Ethan, my life expectancy is longer than yours because you are quitting now.\" How dare you say that!? How could a doctor possess such animosity and claim to outlive a patient?\n\nI am not here to disclaim or discredit chiropractic or its benefits, it didn't work for me but it might for you. However, it would be remiss if I didn't write this review so the public is more aware.  If you do choose to go to Gary, just learn from my mistakes.  (1) Don't give out too much information about your pain.  I wrote way too much on my first consultation and Gary just basically linked the x-ray results with my symptoms, i.e oh your burping is due to T2, your headache is because of C1 etc.  Often times, he would use jargons to confuse the crap out of me but as a very well educated man I tend to walk out with no real information. (2) Don't obey everything he says, do your homework and understand the procedure yourself, I regret paying so much money on completely useless exercises that he \"recommended\" as well the take-home equipment. (3) This is probably the most important, please do yourself a favor and don't pay the whole treatment with a single payment, your 25% discount is a one way trip.\n\nThis is indeed very unfortunate as I do like and respect the staff and Dr. Kristal, but due to my horrific and stressful experience I will never go back here. I found and went to Gary from online reviews. I am writing this because I don't want my experience to happen to anyone else. A typical Gary Weinstein's response to my review is something along the lines of \"I am disappointed in you Ethan..\"  Well Gary, I would care less of what you think of me, but I do want the public to know what kind of unethical person you are. You should be ashamed of yourself, Gary Weinstein.