I've been to the Spoon & Fork in Vaughan once and for whatever reason it was just a nicer experience over there.  I can't put my finger on it exactly and it was a while ago but my last all you can eat experience was just about a week ago and it was just about a block away (K & B) and being that place was so fresh in my mind it's easy to say that S&F was bench marked against that.\n\nSo it was a Friday evening for AYCE (they call it all you can \"taste\") and the ordering is done via a server and they just keep bringing what you order and as much of it as you ask for.  It's a little more \"on the spot\" compared to being able to write it down or tapping on an iPad so you have to be prepared that orders will take a little longer perhaps and considering you're a group, everybody has a favorite they want to get in on that order.  \n\nThe samples are small to tiny.  When ordering I found myself saying \"for the table\".  For instance I had asked for a chicken katsu and kalbi \"for the table\" for that particular request they brought 2 cutlets and 6 pieces of kalbi.  Mind you we are a group of 6 MEN.  I had to order more kalbi later which isn't so bad because you can ask for as much as you want but if you're not spacing out when to order and keeping track you can get to the point where you will run out and be waiting for a server.\n\nUltimately you will become full ordering food, eating it and sharing whatever comes so organization of ordering is required.  Depending on the size of your party it may be difficult for one person to do all that but I found myself being the one ordering for the group and basically it was just easier to say we'll have another order of all the sashimi we had last round etc.\n\nThis Spoon and Fork is a mix of Japanese, Korean and Thai small plates basically tapas style.  It's a lot more dishes to have to deal with but it makes sense if you're a small table to not necessarily have a large tempura plate when you can sample so much of other dishes so it's just something you have to keep in mind, the size of the plates and the amount of people you have if everybody is basically going to share the same things.\n\nThe quality of the food is about average.  Some of the dishes like unagi nigiri to me seemed like they had way too much rice to meat ratio.  I mean each sushi piece could easily have had double the meat on it because of the amount of rice it was sitting on top of... \n\nRolls were confusingly brought at various times.  It would have been nice to have say 2 large platters of rolls instead of say 5 individual spread out orders come at different times.  When you are a table of 6, one roll lasts a couple minutes perhaps.\n\nBasically your experience is based on how fast the food comes and how busy it is as well because you can't simply place an iPad order and it be recognized instantly.  We still do have to flag down servers and if it's a busy night as it was for us, that could be a challenge.  Having to flag down a server changes the dynamics of how orders get put through if you're having to wait to flag a server down.  You may think I have to order more now because I don't know when we can get another order in later...?  \n\nI'm not saying it's frustrating ordering directly with a server but it's just less comfortable doing so because I'm used to writing it down (planning it out) or tapping on an iPad which is actually the easiest because everybody can take turns or pass it around.\n\nThe ordering process is basically the cornerstone of how you experience this place and what you receive is the other end.  The servers are all over the place and it's a lot of work for them to satisfy many tables but it's harder to keep track of what you didn't get sometimes.  Another person at my table had to ask for his spider roll 3 times because multiple rounds of ordering had passed and we never received it from the first round.  \n\nThe meal was just under 28 dollars pre tax and the Sapporo drafts were on special for 5 dollars each which was cool.  After tax and tip it worked out to be about 50 bucks for my meal.\n\nNot bad but not necessarily great as I can compare it to another AYCE place just down the street (K & B) which has pretty much the same ambiance but quicker and efficient service (because of the iPad ordering system) and the quality of food there in my opinion is superior.\n\nStill, Spoon & Fork maybe a decent value for the money but to me it's just OK and not as good as other AYCE options in the GTA both for quality and\/or bang for the buck.\n\nOh I almost forgot... not that I eat dessert because my version of a dessert is a salmon skin handroll (which they don't have sadly) but the desserts are EXTRA charge and are not included with the meal.