*** Review is for Restaurant Week 2015 menu ***\n\nI had a show at 7 PM a few miles away and this seemed a good place for dinner with its 5 PM opening.  I was seated immediately and given a choice by the hostess as to which place I wanted to sit.  I opted for a two top table along the wall with a view of some of the pool area and some of the main part of  the restaurant.\n\nThe beginning service was a little slow.  It took awhile for the server to come to take my order and then there was a very long wait for the first course to come out--almost a half hour.  In addition, I saw other tables get an amuse-bouche but none was brought to me.  I assumed it wasn't part of the RW service.  Later, when I looked at my bill, the first item was an amuse-bouche listed at $0.00 as RW week menus generally do.\n\nEdit:  I forgot when I wrote this to talk about the bread.  After ordering, you're brought a crock of bread topped with parmesan cheese and garlic.  It's a good sized piece of bread that's been scored for cutting.  It is not served with butter which is something they should do.  The top is flavored nicely.  The rest is bread that needs butter.\n\nI ordered the heirloom tomato and ciliegine with greens and finished off with some tomato juice.  Not red tomato juice but the juice that comes from tomatoes when you cut them not crush them with pulp and skins.  The fresh mozzarella was very good.  This was a nice summer salad with refreshing ingredients.\n\nMy main course was the petit filet.  I ordered it blue.  The server looked at me and I explained I wanted it extra, extra rare.  He said, \"In other words, 30 seconds on each side.\"  That was fine with me.  That's the way the steak was cooked.  Just a little brown on the exterior and a cool interior that was almost raw.  Perfect.  The filet was served on potato purée and had an assortment of summer squash.\n\nThere was no choice for the dessert course.  It was what they call a dreamsicle white chocolate mousse with tangerine gelée and rosemary scented streusel.  The mousse had a texture more like a light cheesecake than mousse but it was flavorful.  The tangerine gelée added a dimension of flavor to the dish and the streusel crunchies were a good texture.  It actually tasted like pieces of granola.\n\nExcept for the initial wait for my order taking and for the salad, service was good.  The couple of gentlemen that waited on my table were very friendly.  We chatted about other restaurants in Las Vegas and compared thoughts about one of them.  My iced tea was refilled without asking.  After awhile, I stopped looking at my watch because I knew I would make my show on time.  For a time, I was tapping my foot because I was uncertain about my time constraints.\n\nThe restaurant is a very pleasant place and the view of the young people at the pool was more than a pleasant diversion.  I'll have to come back and try the place with the traditional menu.  I am glad that they did something different with the Restaurant Week menu.