Well, I guess if you like slot machines... \n\nSpent $80 on Saddledome heroin beers only to have the Flames lose, and now you want to lose an additional $100 at a Casino to make up for the price of your ticket? Here's a pretty great place to do it! And that's how the Elbow river Casino always seems to be to me... It's a place for Flames fans to have a few minutes of fun before getting on their way to somewhere else... In the middle of it all is the feeling of strange sadness that is the local crew who it seems are here day in and day out, regardless of The Flames schedule.\n\nIf you're here to gamble, the Elbow River Casino seems just fine. It's decently clean and hosts your usual Alberta casino games and your usual Alberta casino crowd. Far from the glitz and glammour that I dream Vegas casino have (still never been to Vegas...) the Alberta casino feels  like a Casino pub, a mix of all walks of life and incomes coming together for the same reason. Funny how, for me, a pub feels like a community, but at ever Alberta casino I've been to, being there feels like some sort of strange necessity, and it makes me comfortable. \n\nSo, it's clear that I'm not much of a gambler, but I'm very keen to take in the peripherals of a casino. The entertainment, the bar, the food, the overall ambiance that lets people indulge and, well, get the fuel they need to keep gambling. But when it comes to Elbow River, I find that these things are exceptionally average. \n\nFood & Drink - It's like a tasteless sports pub, serving fast food level pub grub, Want a beer? Well they've got 9 taps of the same stuff. Die hard Bud Light fan? Like to have it out with the people who take their Budweiser full strength? Well this place is for you. Spoiler alert - You're all drinking the same beer and have been duped by marketing, whaaaaa? Coor's Light is better! You! Go sit in the corner.\n\nService is pretty painful. Apparently our table had a server, but I'm not really sure who it was. One girl did come over to our table and apologize that the service was so bad, and I feel for her. I'm not one to attack on service, especially if I can see that something came up and our poor server is working her ass off for a section that is impossibly large. I promise you, I look for this, but it really, really, wasn't the case here. What I felt was apathy, and honestly, I don't blame them. With so much of their apparent clientele here out of necessity, why bother?  They'll be coming back whether you like it or not.\n\nDRINKS - There's nothing special. Order a Jack and Coke. Delicious and so simple that you can't mess it up. Any other highball of your choice is fine.\n\nMUSIC - On the few occasions I've been here there's been live music. Points! But it's always some super average Classic Rock cover band. Another side note, I love classic rock. But this place seems to play the kind of bands that have succumb to the drunk fan yell of \"Play some CCR!\", and now, that's all they play. If you're lucky they'll show off their hip and\/or happening-ness with a soulless cover of a popular \"new-fangled\" 90's hit.\n\nMUSIC NOTE: If you're 58 years old, have teenage children you can neglect, or are an early empty nester looking to cut a rug after the past 21 (18-24....hopefully not more... Kick 'em out!) you'll probably really like cutting a rug here. Sure, the music isn't fantastic, but the songs are. They're a throwback to your youth and you love it! And so do I. You, sir or madame's generation had the best damn music and I respect you for it! I'm just saying that Led Zeppelin wasn't a bunch of old dudes in a Casino... That's all.