I'd been hearing about Copper Star Coffee for a long time, and I was excited that I finally got the chance to try it. There were some things I liked and some things that weren't so great. \n\nService was great, really friendly and prompt. There's a decent amount of street parking and seating inside and out. There are large tables, bar seating, and couches. This cafe used to be an old gas station, so it has that rustic feel yet is remodeled on the inside. The menu boasts of interesting items like lavender lattes and handmade italian cream sodas. Wifi is free and pretty reliable, no spotty areas or dropped connections as far as I could tell. \n\nThe biggest con for me was the smell. Copper Star serves food items as well as drinks and pastries, and this was apparent from the moment I walked in. There was a savory, smoky smell that permeated the entire inside and made my clothes smell like it even after I'd left (I'd studied there for a couple of hours, but it was very noticeable). It wasn't the kind of smell that went away either.. my senses didn't really adjust to it and it seemed to be wafting. I'd hazard a guess that it was their ham because it reminded me of smoked ham split pea soup, but it wasn't pleasant and irritated my throat a bit.\n\nChai latte:\nThis chai is made in-house, but it is pre-sweetened and was on the sweet side for me. There wasn't that nice kick of spiciness at the end that I prefer in my chais, and overall the spices were on the mild side. I also asked for extra hot and this came out closer to room temperature, which was disappointing. If you like milder, smooth, and creamy chais, this would be for you.\n\nPeanut butter cookie:\nThis was a ginormous cookie, and I thought it was made pretty well. It was chewy and flavorful, and I think it's hard to get that balance because peanut butter can so often be chalky. It also wasn't too sweet, and the peanut butter struck a nice balance to the sweetness.\n\nItalian cream soda:\nThe raspberry lemon cream soda had a pretty color, and I liked that you could see the cream dispersing on top. I'm not sure if they use lemonade or lemon juice, but I'm pretty sure it wasn't lemon syrup because the dairy separated quite quickly and looked like it was beginning to curdle. It almost reminded me of the beginnings of making buttermilk, which makes me think it was lemon juice or lemonade. I'm also not positive whether it was milk or half and half or heavy cream, but either way, it looked quite chunky and viscous rather than a cream soda a few minutes in. \n\nOverall I'm on the fence about whether I'd return. I can definitely see why a lot of people love Copper Star, and I might give it another shot if I'm in the area.