After constantly hearing about Blackstrap BBQ this place has been a Yelp bookmark of mine for months now. Sadly it's located in Verdun and only a special occasion would bring me to this part of town... as luck would have it a small community Yelp event brought close to a dozen Yelpers to this place during happy hour. I just couldn't say no to this.\n\nThe first thing I noticed is that it's pretty much a hole in a wall, you can easily walk RIGHT by without even noticing it. Parking in this area is also ridiculously difficult as the area houses countless duplexes that has locals taking up all the parking spots leaving you to take the paid parking spots... which haven't been modernized in any shape or form. It's 2014 folks, I've been paying my parking spots all over Montreal for the last decade from an mobile app or parking machine that accepts credit cards... why is this place still accepting coins? Ridiculous!\n\nI ordered their reputed burnt ends poutine and some root beer. The service was about an average wait but they were kind enough to bring me my food while I was sitting outside on their terrace with fellow Yelpers while I nursed my root beer. :)\n\nSadly, I wasn't a fan of their poutine. While the metal encased portion was generous and it was definitely heavy... I couldn't finish it for multiple reasons. \n\nKindly note, that I feel I might be the oddball here but I felt the fries weren't up to par to what I've had for places hyped such as this place. The cheese was somewhat skimped on and the gravy sauce... which should hold everything together... was weak. The brisket meat was good though. They do offer you some BBQ sauce bottles to spice up their poutine such as a sweet or spicy sauce container but I honestly feel if you NEED to do this, your poutine isn't really what it should be. Fries, cheese curds, gravy. Maybe some extra condiments to your liking... that's what it should be. Sweet or spicy sauce shouldn't be added. But that's just me. However, the sweet sauce made the mediocre poutine actually more edible. So Hooray?\n\nThe price tag is somewhat expensive for poutine. I know there's a sort of gastronomic feeling to have that meat in your poutine, I still felt this poutine was far more expensive than it should be. \n\nI'm sure from other reviews they have other quality things one can order but I haven't had the chance and thus my reviews is solely for the poutine and thus, it's pretty forgettable amongst stiff competition in Montreal and while other Yelpers beside me were dealing with hairs found in their portion of poutine or the extremely fatty cuts of brisket, I guess this place simply isn't for me.