Talk about the thriving downtown culinary scene. It rare that go downtown mostly cause going anywhere near casino on my days off flat out avoid. I work in the casino industry. I must applaud the effort cause downtown its come long long way!!! Especially Fremont street with the experience but more with all bars at one end and then all these small restaurant. To be clear Carson Kitchen not located on Fremont but Carson Street is literally minutes off it. Like anything downtown parking not the most ideal situation but have all the hotels that can park at or street parking. Carson Kitchen the best idea is the Fremont Experience parking garage literally right there or Downtown Grand just accross the street. \n\nI was pretty psyched about checking out Carson Kitchen for the first time. The best part was my cousin visiting with her family from the 808. She an avid yelper so I knew it was ONNN came first timers. It was for all of us. Talk about the BENEFITS of party of six or more. The only time take reservation if you have party of six or more. I went with my brother family my two nieces, my cousin her family niece and nephew, and then there me. So talk about spread of food. We pretty much ordered every appetizer on the menu. Literally had the Bacon Jam, Devils Eggs, Crispy Chicken Skins, Gyro Tacos, Meatballs, Scallops, some kind of popcorn shrimp, and Thai BBQ Pizza.  \n\nBacon Jam was my favorite appetizer! The bacon jam talk about divine spread that was not only fabulous on the grilled believe baguette sliced bread. The charcoal mark the crispy bread then nice spread of not only bacon (the nice part you could see pieces of bacon rather then I all grounded or cooked out puree), caramelized onions, and nice sweetness like any jam. Devine. Definitely you can taste the hint of bacon grease in the jam also! It perfect for the kids. Or on this night my nieces and nephews was enjoying the bread by itself. \n\nThe Crispy Chicken Skin was the second winnah for me. It tastes like fried pork grinds chips you see in bags. I know not PORK but the texture similar and something that think of if never had crispy chicken skin. I loved it by itself. They have almost like sweet and sour dipping sauce that comes with it. I like the whole tiny fry basket for presentation. Truthfully came to presentation you can clearly see the Kerry Simon style. High end food. They incorporate unique severing dishes. The devil eggs presented on wine bottle cut in half. \n\nThe other appetizers it had no WoW factor in any of them. The Devils Eggs like any other Devils Egg. It looks great but only thing that makes it stand out is the caviar on top. It such small amount nothing rave about. The Gyro that was pretty solid. I think you get only two per order but since we had big party ordered two orders. So had four on one plate. The grilled dough they use as shells are nice crispy and hot. The filling very generous, the lamb real tasty cooking spot on, the tzatziki, cucumber, and tomato. All together makes for hearty taco! Just warning so much stuff that it drips with every bite!!! The Meatball by itself was ordinary but the sherry foie gras cream sauce now that was amazing. I could see that sauce on pasta dish would die for. The two together for me just never worked. The Scallops was seared to perfection just between the sauce and the starch nothing exciting. So much going on forgot the components where just blah. The pizza was ok but so many other good things pizza last thing need to try at Carson. My opinion. \n\nI ordered the Black Rice & Oxtail Risotto. I really enjoyed. It not very often you see Black Rice on any menu. The combination of Oxtail Risotto sounded too good not to pass up. It had interest contrast with different texture rices. Oxtail made it nice and hearty. I think my brother had perfect analogy almost like hearty jook. The rice is not going be al dente since two different types. No doubt perfect dish on cold Vegas day and pretty filling dish. My cousins dishes looked pretty good. I had no room after all the apps tried more food. \n\nThe service was spot on fabulous. The whole staff on on it from the minute we sat down. I found great is when you get the bill they give you book. I know right like \"What the Hell??\". Guess you can sign it if you want. All the kids signed it. I thought that was cool. \n\nThe interior is very modern with community tables and upstairs outdoor patio area. \n\nNo doubt Carson Kitchen place highly recommend if looking for place eat downtown.