Before the actual review begins, one of our dining companions here, whose opinion I value highly, told me that I need to find a new way of referencing my wife in my reviews, other than my standard, \"The lady.\"\nWhen I  refer to her in such manner, I do so intending to ascribe the most elevated sense of the word to her, just as Webster defines the word as a \"woman having proprietary rights or authority, receiving the homage or devotion of a knight or lover, of superior social position, of refinement or gentle manners.\"   In my mind's eye she is all of these things.\nIt is not intended in the more coarse, mostly gender referencing air in which Jerry Lewis screeched \"Hey lady!\" , in some long forgotten movie that mostly French people like.  \nShe is my wife, but more accurately, she is a lady, and to me she is THE lady.\nSo gentle reader, please indulge that particular idiosyncrasy of me. \n'Nuff on that topic.\n\nThe review;\n\nThe beverages:  \n\nI initially got an iced tea, or rather caramel-colored water as it were, inasmuch as had I been blindfolded I would not have been able to distinguish between it and simple tap water.\nWhen our dining companions arrived, I ordered a long island iced tea, which, while not particularly flavorful, did manage to pack a bit of a punch.  The lady's water and Amstel Light were as expected, her counterpart's  red wine seemed to please, and the gentleman's iced tea was hopefully from a somewhat more flavorful batch than my own, but no comment was made.\nAll of our meals came with a dinner salad which was typical of the genre and was thankfully not from a bag-o-lettuce, and all of which came with dressings which I believe to be house made and quite good.  The house specialty dressing being a white french.\nOur lovely dining companion got, I believe, steak-fried chicken if I heard correctly, which was a very healthy portion of what appeared to be boneless skinless breasts, nicely caramelized, and seemed to be well received, with baked potato. \nThe gentleman got a strip steak, O'Brien potatoes both of which seemed to please.\nThe lady and I both got a Hawaiian fish, Haku piku? gitchee gootchee?, I can't recall, but it was served char-grilled on a bed of curried rice.  It was a generous portion of a white-fleshed fish, nicely done and oddly the biggest disappointment was the relatively small amount of both rice and curry that accompanied the dish.  While the curry was quite mild for curry, it was flavorful and added a nice and needed punch to the dish, the rice essentially served as a vehicle with which to consume the curry.  The idea might have been based on the old show biz adage of \"always leave them wanting more!\"\nIf so, it worked!  All in all the food was good, but not as good as the company.