***The Wigwam is a huge and historical golf, tennis, spa, and hotel resort just outside of Phoenix; it is not an incredibly luxurious destination, but room rates here seem to be reasonable during non-peak times***\n\nPhoenix is a true value option for leisure travel.  It is not as expensive to live in Phoenix as other major U.S. cities and the good thing is that Phoenix's hotels and dining for business and leisure travelers are not too expensive either.  I stayed at the Hotel Palomar in Downtown Phoenix and it was a very nice hotel with a room rate that was 2 times to even 3 times less than what the same quality hotel in San Francisco or Chicago would go for.\n\nThe Wigwam, which is a hotel, spa and recreation resort just outside of Phoenix, also offers reasonable room rates if you are visiting Phoenix during non-peak times.  The quality of the Wigwam is definitely not at the same level as Downtown Phoenix's Hotel Palomar.  The Wigwam lacks that hotel's mixture of luxury with contemporary design and amenities.  Still, The Wigwam is a comfortable space with a few nice touches to elevate it above many hotels.\n\nThe grounds are where The Wigwam shines the most.  Lots of greens and desert appropriate plants and such.  Lots of palm trees too.  Decoration is very well done with well placed lights to make the bocce court, trees and outdoor lounge areas pop more.  The golf course also looks impressive and the attached Red's Bar & Grill serves satisfying gastropub food.  Other activities available at this resort include tennis courts, spa and a fitness center.  I did not try any of the recreational options at The Wigwam, but just walking around the resort was nice and relaxing (if you find the resort too spread out, free golf cart shuttle service is available upon request).\n\nThe lobby area is also upscale with lots of stylish and classic furniture and decoration.  It has a great historical vibe and Southwest feel that makes The Wigwam seem like an ideal place to stay in this part of the country.\n\nThe rooms are where The Wigwam fell short.  There were definitely highlights.  My room and closet were very big.  The bed was comfortable and it was outfitted with upscale bedding and pillows.  The room temperature was good too though the thermostat seemed a little old.  The room was definitely clean; however, some of the room decor felt dated.\n\nThe bathroom was nice (as were all the soaps and such).  My bathroom was equipped with a nice glass shower though I think shower\/bath options vary by room.  The spacious living area had a nice table for dining as well as a big desk for working.  Unfortunately, there were no power outlets close to the desk, which felt a little odd and inconvenient.\n\nDuring my stay, I also tried the hotel's catering and found it to be underwhelming.  Breakfast featured good pancakes, but the scrambled eggs were a big baked quiche-like concoction in a buffet serving dish while the bacon's fattiness resulted in an unappetizing burnt fat flavor as opposed to excellent bacon that was both crispy and chewy as well as meaty and fatty.\n\nDinner was a mixed bag.  Dinner featured high-end ingredients, but I felt the ingredients were not really cooked to the right temperature and texture one night while they were under-seasoned the other night.\n\nService throughout the resort was pleasant.\n\nAs mentioned, room rates can be reasonable if you plan ahead and stay at The Wigwam during non-peak times.\n\nThe Wigwam is a satisfying and not-too-expensive option for a hotel or golf stay in the Phoenix area.  There are definitely times of year when it is pricey.  We were there around Pro Bowl and Super Bowl timing and rates can get high when Phoenix is holding these major events (The Wigwam drew all kinds of sports personalities during this time including Dan Marino and Rich Eisen).  However, if you are staying in Phoenix during a non-busy time and want a more resort-like experience, I think The Wigwam would please many.\n\nI am not sure what the parking situation is.  It might be free.  Valet and self parking are both offered.