First off, don't confuse this hotel with the Intercontinental off Union Station. We asked what stop we should get off and all the associates at UP Station told us at the Union Station, when in reality, it's a different InterContinental. \n\nTo get to this location, you can take a $13 cab ride from the Union Station to get here or you can hop on the metro\/subway and get off at St. George's and walk a block to the hotel. Whichever works for you. \n\nThe lobby is very pretty, but smaller than the other Intercontinental Hotel. We were asked if we wanted to upgrade to a bigger room for $15 a day and it was a steal, but with kids, and the upgrade only having one king size bed, we said no thanks. \n\nOur room had two queens and it worked out for us. The room was a good size room, spacious too, in fact. However, the shower is a bit tiny but there's a tub option if you want to take a bath. \n\nThe indoor pool here was the perk of this place. It's opened till 11pm every night and it's only 3 feet deep so you won't need lifeguards around. \n\nIt's also located across from the Royal Ontario Museum and walking distance to many great shopping places and restaurants so a car is not needed. We came here for a wedding and walked through the University of Toronto to get to a wedding at the Hart House. \n\nWe wanted to rent a car to drive to Niagara Falls, so we asked the concierge the day before about it, she told us that this hotel works with Budget so they can get the car to be dropped off at the hotel for us. We did just that, so the next morning they called us to tell us the car arrived and is ready for us. \n\nMy girls got stickers from the concierge's office and some apples and were treated with lots of respect. They also made sure we got a comfortable car to fit carseats and all. However, since Budget was closed for the night, we had to park the car at the hotel for the night and it was $50 a night. It's fine though, the cost of the rental wasn't much so it came out to be an average cost for any rental and we got a BMW so that's saying a lot.