Thai St. Cafe is located off the strip by Fashion Show Mall on Industrial Rd. For those not familiar with Industrial Road....there are many adult stores and strip clubs around. It's definitely not an area that I would go out of my way for but sometimes I make an exception, especially for some good eatery. Don't we all?\n\nAmbiance was impressive. Far from the sketchy, ghetto-ness of its location and interior was very modern and hip. They even had a small stage with a microphone, I'm assuming they do some live performances? \n\nService was friendly and efficient. No complaints here.\n\nFirst thing that caught my eye when I opened their menu was their Boat Noodle Soup. My server had warned me that the soup is rich and creamy which I did not mind. I loved the thin rice noodle which sort of reminded me of Japanese udon noodles but a lot thinner. It was very smooth. Beef in this was super tender. Soup had the wow factor. It is a cross of beef stew and curry. It had that richness and flavor of beef stew, but with a spicy kick you find in curry. I highly recommend this dish.\n\nAlso got to try their Drunken Noodle. I have never had this before so gave this a try and it was good! Again, I enjoyed the rice noodle except this is a flat rice noodle. I liked the fact that it was mixed with variety of ingredients including tomato, mushroom, bell peppers and onions which not only made it filling but made it look vibrant and overall a better presentation. I recommend this dish also.\n\nThai Dumpling was easily forgettable. It's a steamed dumpling, similar if not same as Shumai. It was clearly a frozen dumpling that was heated before it was served. Sad to say but frozen Shumai from Trader Joe's (It's called Pork Shu Mai or Pork Dumplings, try it if you haven't!) is actually better in my opinion. \n\nI also want to mention that my water tasted odd. It had a soapy aftertaste. I'm used to the chlorine taste but my glass of water here tasted like it was mixed with dish soap. \n\nOverall very pleased with my visit. I will be back again!