Avoid this place! It presents itself as a higher end chic boutique hotel, but what you actually get are cheap small rooms and the service is terrible! We spent over $600 in a day just with lunch, dinner & some modest gambling, then after having some fun at the tables, ran into a snag with a defective keno machine! Soon after we realize this machine was broken, we called over a floor attendant. Two other individuals arrived, after it was clear She did not know what or how to repair this machine. One of the individuals was a Manager, I believe Mark. He offered what the balance was on the machine, meanwhile we had another $20 plus that we invested\/inputed; I immediately told him, that NO we wanted a full refund, he rudely refused my request. Subsequently, we called the Hotel Manager, they tried to reach a Casino Manager, but to avail. The front desk person, I believe Chris, related he would go ahead and not charge us an resort fee!? I was like, ok we were not aware of this fee, but anything helps.\nThe rest of evening, no call or any other communication was offered by the Hotel or Casino to address this rude Casino representative. I then took to Facebook & Twitter to note our disappointment and how SLS ruined our Valentine's weekend...well of course the 'canned' response was, were not pleased, email your experience and we'll follow up... So again, spent more time, received a reply via email from a Casino Supervisor, who basically said screw you, my Manager is great! lol - Awesome, thanks for scolding us for stating otherwise! \n\nAnyhow, save your $'s & go to a cheap hotel, or for a really awesome high end Hotel that lives up to the hype. visit the Mandarin Oriental; MO Is the real deal, not some fake wanna be hip hotel, who's staff are completely and utterly disrespectful! \n\nIt's not hard to realize why the SLS Las Vegas Hotel & Casino is loosing $'s & no doubt will be filing for Chapter 11 in the not so distant future! \n\nDon't support this sinking Ship! We are not alone in our poor experience here!