Having been a frequent guest at The D since they opened, I've always wanted to eat at Andiamo, I listen to a few Vegas podcasts and this steakhouse always gets great reviews. But this place is not cheap, a real destination dining sort of thing, and for many years we went to the strip and ate at places like Gordon Ramsey's Steak, Bobby Flay's place, or Giada, because the prices are about the same as dinner at Andiamo, even though we always stay at The D. This past Memorial Day weekend, my wife and I were playing a few slots really late \"before we turn in\", and she won a $1400 bonus. The problem was this was like 3:30 am and because such a win requires lots of authentication and tax documents, it was 4:15 before we could go up to our room. That was when I made her promise that she would take us out to dinner finally at Andiamo with her winnings the next night. Well, the next night was Memorial Day, it was tricky to get reservations, but $20 tip got us in at 7:30. The restaurant was packed, with white jacketed waiters and wine slingers running all about the small space. Our waiter greeted us, gave us a little spiel, took drink orders, and then brought out the bread and chutney that each table gets. In the time we were waiting for him to return to take our entree orders we were watching the table adjacent to us place their orders with their white-jacketed waiter.\n    Before I knew what was going on, my wife grabbed my arm and started saying \"Oh My God, Oh My God\", pointing out the back of the waiter not 7 feet from our table. Unbeknownst to him, a large 2 inch cockroach was climbing from his right hip, across his jacket, to his head, then on to the top of the banquette where the party of six was ordering. We saw the poor diners notice this at this point, the waiter became shockingly aware, and the party was immediately re-seated never to be seen by us again. Shortly thereafter someone I assumed was a wait captain came up and asked my wife what was going on. She told him what we had just witnessed, and he apologized. No other tables near or around us, miraculously, noticed what had happened. \n    When our bill came, we were charged full price for everything, there was no apology from the waiter upon presenting the bill, nothing. Listen, no one expects a free meal at a very expensive steakhouse just because you see a 2 inch cockroach crawl all over the waitstaff and then onto the seating area of your neighboring diners, but to not give us some sort of discount, or sending out a dessert or something, I thought was in poor form. \n     Steaks, delicious by the way, really good. But tainted of course by the insect invasion and total ignoring of our shocking dining experience by Andiamo staff. If they would have even comped our two vodka drinks, I might never had even taken the last hour to post this. Plus, it's been months since Memorial Day, but as busy as I have been I didn't wanna let this one get by without a review.