My favorite dishes are the Crispy Buffalo Cauliflower and Bacon Cheddar Tots. I have not made a visit without ordering both dishes to start the meal. The Crispy Buffalo Cauliflower ($7) is fried with a buffalo sauce batter; crispy and tender! It's perfectly served with blue cheese aioli and buffalo sauce. I would visit just for this dish! The Bacon Cheddar Tots ($7) are so great; I have to pace myself to make sure I don't devour it too quickly. I don't love the Sriracha Ketchup that accompanies the tots; the flavor is off and seems a bit too sweet. The tots don't need sauce anyway, but it also comes with their fries.\n\nChicken Sausage, Spinach & Goat Cheese Pizza ($15) with béchamel, roasted tomato, provolone, and chili flakes. I loved this combination of ingredients and it had such a great flavor, though I wish there was more tomato (it was pretty scarce). They also burned the pizza around the edges, so that was unpleasant. But otherwise, great pie.\n\nI've had their Crispy Chicken Sandwich ($14) a couple times and have really enjoyed it. The chicken has a nice crisp and decently moist and I love the slaw. The thing that really puts it over the edge is the sauces; sweet carrot habanero aïoli and mustard BBQ - fantastic! It's served with their Brown Paper Bag Fries. These are decent on the fry scale.\n\nThe only dish I haven't liked is their Bangers & Mash. Everything was so odd about it. The flavor of the sausages, the flavor of the mash.. it was not good. My friend and I couldn't take more than a couple bites before shoving it aside.\n\nFrom brunch, I like the Chicken Sausage & Cheddar Grits ($13) and Eggs Benedict Pizza ($13). The grits are phenomenal and the overall dish just sings; highly recommended. The pizza is good, but needs a touch more prosciutto and hollandaise as it was a bit dry.\n\nI don't always make it to dessert, but I'm really glad I was convinced to try the Nutella Cookie Sandwich ($7). The cookies were surprisingly chewy and oh my, it was heaven with the ice cream, bacon pecan brittle, and Nutella drizzle. You won't regret it.