We have stayed here in the past and it was nice (may have been newly renovated the last time). We elected to stay here again with a large group, btw we all have kids. We will never stay here again! \n\nWe go to our room, which was ok. We were on the 29th floor. We get to the pool at 1pm and there was no chairs available, nor much room on the ground and the pool was jammed packed. So we left. We went to Gilly's with our group of 14 and asked if we can get separate checks, they refused. We told them if it was a gratuity issue then to put the 18% on all of our checks, no big deal. They still refused. We asked for a manager and our waitress did not get her so someone else did. The manager also refused our request. Then we requested another waitress since the last one was rude and she refused that too and said they would have to re seat us and we would have to wait again. After our kids made a mess of the table, all 14 of us got up and left. We went to kahunaville. The waiter was nice enough to separate our checks without us even asking. So he got a big tip. \n\nThe next day we call housekeeping to make sure they will clean our room. We leave the room and I get back around noon to a messy room. I found the maid and she told me she already cleaned our room. I said said \" you sure didn't\" and she said she did and showed me where she marked it off. So I had her take a look at our room and she said I made it a mess and she was not going to clean it. So we get the manager who saw it had not been cleaned and the room was cleaned. \n\nThat day we also got to the pool early to get chairs. We wanted drinks and getting the pool waitress to help us was like pulling teeth so we got up and got them ourselves.\n\nSince we were on the 29th floor and overlooking the treasure show, it was loud! We could hear it clearly at 11:30PM which is one of the show times. But when you have kids, it wakes everyone up. \n\nMy one last complaint is the cigarette smoke in the casino. A few of the newer casinos filter that out so you cant smell it. They need to do the same. \n\nThe rate was very reasonable, but we reserved a block of a dozen rooms, but this takes you get what you pay for to a whole new level. Wont be staying here again,