The restaurant itself is located in a pretty rough-looking neighborhood, and the front door and one of the windows facing the street is covered up with huge wooden boards. But I'm just mentioning this as an observation for those that may be concerned with such things, especially if you're coming after dark.\n\nInside, it's a pretty small place, with small tables scattered throughout the floor. It gets pretty cramped, with people walking in and out for take-out. Washroom is upstairs, but if there's people waiting at the doorway it might be a challenge. There's a fridge of soft drinks in the back, and water bottles on the ground nearby.\n\nI placed a reservation for 8 seats at 7 PM a week prior. There weren't any confirmation calls or anything, so I assume things would go smoothly. We arrived about 10 minutes before the reservation and the place was pretty busy and it didn't seem like things were going to be ready. Which is understandable: reservation for 7 PM means as long as we get a table in the end - preferably around 7 PM - it's all good.\n\nCloser to 7 PM, a couple tables had started clearing up (or rather, it looked like they were told to hurry up), so they started setting one up and said it would be for us. However, a group of 14 suddenly came in and said they also had reservations, and demanded that the table that was being set up be given to them because they wanted to sit together. Literally, they just sat down and said they weren't moving. Staff complied, and we were told to wait a bit longer. But to be fair, we should've been more aggressive, but I just take this as part of the authentic local experience and it wasn't really a battle worth fighting.\n\nAt this point, they had to get creative: they removed some of the smaller high seats that were meant for couples and then pulled out some more foldable tables for us. Two tables were placed beside each other so that there was enough room for our group. Seems like they've managed to get through this pretty easily, and it's only been 10-15 minutes after our original reservation time.\n\nNow get this, ANOTHER group of 10 shows up and said they also have a reservation. At this point the staff looked like they were just panicking cause they clearly didn't have space for another large party. 4 more people came in but had to be turned away. The group was left standing around for half an hour, and were then invited to sit in a private dining room upstairs. Well, at least that was settled, but one of the girls in the group that looked like she was in charge of the party looked pretty upset during that long wait.\n\nIn the end, we had to wait an extra 20-30 minutes in total before everything was set up for us.\nOf course, the entertainment provided was enough to pass the time for me cause you know, this kind of drama goes in my reviews, but I can only imagine if you were on a schedule it might not be as amusing.\n\nAs the feast was being set up, the server took the time to explain what each item was, and laid them out in an organized fashion.\n\nAnother couple had been offered a box of plastic gloves, but we didn't get any service there so I ended up just grabbing the box for myself. Well, self-service is probably part of the local experience so it's cool.\n\nThe food itself is great. The grilled tilapia and bangus (milkfish)  were amazing, the pork belly and shoulder were really tender and the seasoning they put on it was on point. Mussels, shrimp, calamari were well-done. Eggplant, okra, and mango salad were there. The few slices of orange was excellent. The garlic rice was also pretty tasty, though someone in the group mentioned last time there was more garlic sauce in the rice.\n\nNear the beginning, we were informed that a drink was included in the cost of the feast, but when we went to pay we were then informed that the free drink applies to bottled water only, and not soft drinks. So we ended up adding a dollar on top of the $15 per head. It might only be a dollar, but 1) it's a regular can of pop, not even something more exotic like a filipino brand or something and 2) it just looks like they're intentionally withholding information that may influence one's decision on which drinks to pick.\n\nOverall, if I were to only consider food and price, it would be at least a 4-star. Like, if everything went smoothly, you'd have a great time. However, I assume our experience that night wasn't an outlier.