Going through my Yelp, I realized I'd bookmarked this hotel over two years ago, but never wrote a review! And I wouldn't normally be driven to review an airport Marriott after so much time had passed, but I had a unique experience with this hotel and I am forever grateful for their service.\n\nA couple of years back, my now-husband and I embarked on our vacation together -- to a multi-day music festival in the middle of West Virginia. We were so far in the boonies that the nearest airport was Pittsburgh Int'l, which was a good two-hour drive away. Now, the Mister is a rough and tumble sort, big on camping, fishing and getting dirty, and while I try to hang, this trip was the first time I'd ever been camping. Seriously, EVER. I think I did pretty well, being on a mountaintop with port-a-potties and virtually nothing to consume but a party keg of beer, bread, cheese, peanut butter and jelly. I survived three nights of camping - cold and wet on a thin mattress in a small tent -- but with one night left I begged, \"Can we leave tomorrow (which was a day early)? We can see whatever bands you want to see, but tomorrow night I want to be in a hotel in Pittsburgh.\"\n\nAnd he agreed (reason #281 I married him). But instead of staying through the music, we left that morning. Two hours later (probably around 1p) we rolled into the Airport Marriott; we'd literally chosen it because we knew it was near the airport and it was right off the freeway. Plus, being Marriott we knew we'd get at least a minimum level of service. But at that point, I honestly DID NOT CARE. I hadn't had a shower in three days; I was filthy and sweaty, still slightly hung over from drinking\/camping\/partying for three days and hauling all my dirty laundry (while we'd only camped for three nights, we'd been traveling through southern Ohio for a week) in a trash bag. \n\nNeedless to say, my presence was tangible, and no doubt offensive to the front desk staff. I told the woman we'd just come from WVa and didn't have a reservation; explained we desperately needed a room and hot showers and a meal that wasn't in a can. I was almost on my knees, begging, praying there was a vacancy (and that they'd let us check in before 3p).  Voila, there was! And for reasons I neither know or understand, she made a call or two and actually got us a discounted rate. All this time later, I can't tell you what we paid, but I can definitively tell you that I didn't care. \n\nKey in hand, I got the Mister out of the car and dragged in. The room was gorgeous -- and I'm not simply saying that because there were sheets and a flushing toilet. We had a corner room with windows on two sides and a large screen invited us to sit down and take a load off. And the shower...! The water pressure was like manna from heaven. Time literally stood still as I soaped and scrubbed ever part of myself -- well, that's what I thought, anyway. The Mister later told me I was in there for a full hour, and making the most gratuitous sounds he'd ever heard outside an adult theatre. \n\nWe found the energy to hit a local restaurant for dinner -- the long stretch of highway looks deceiving, but there was a cluster of restaurants and shops probably 10 minutes away -- then came back and crashed.  The bed was *almost* as good as that shower, but neither compare to the generosity of the staff member who took discounted pity on a bedraggled couple with no reservation.