Held in early December I visited this event in 2007 as a spectator to cheer on a friend who was running in her first half marathon.  I ran in the full marathon in 2005 when it was reintroduced with its current course which runs up Las Vegas Boulevard or \"the Strip\" and runs through Fremont Street and all of its older casino hotels and the Fremont Street Experience.  \n\nThe race starts and ends at the beautiful Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino, but from the moment you are let off from the early morning monorail service it is a confusing maze through the Mandalay Bay convention area just to get to the race assembly area.  The signs are not very noticeable and very confusing, and basically you'll end up following a crowd just hoping to end up in the correct location.  Once you arrive outside in the bitter cold darkness you are left wondering where to drop off your sweats and which direction to go to get to the start line.  It seems only the actual start line is well lit so you'll have to head in that direction in anticipation of the 6 AM start.\n\nThe actual start of the race is magnificent by marathon standards as the sky is lit up with a dramatic, lengthy fireworks show.  Thousands of spectators gather in the Mandalay Bay parking lot and along the Las Vegas Strip to cheer on your every step.  The first 5 and a half miles are run along the Strip and miles 5.5 to roughly 6.8 takes you through the Fremont Street Experience.  As you exit the Fremont Street Experience you'll come across a timing mat at 7 miles, and unbeknownst to the participant that will be the last time you'll see civilization as the next 16.5 miles are run through desert communities and residential areas where you'll see only a handful of friendly neighbors willing to come out of their warm homes to encourage you to keep running.  The general feeling I got was that most residents were pretty irate with having thousands of runners interrupt their Sunday mornings by tossing trash on their streets and forcing them to wait in traffic.\n\nAt 23.5 miles you'll reach Frank Sinatra Drive.  Hopefully by this time the temperatures will have warmed a bit as the tall Mandalay Bay Resort signage becomes visible telling you the finish line is near.  Crowd support is pretty spotty until you get back to the 26 mile mark.  In 2005 we started the race in low 40 F temperatures and ended the race in warm mid 70 F temperatures.  With the exception of the first 7 miles the overall course is not very scenic and actually quite boring.  My suggestion would be to just skip the full marathon and participate in the half marathon instead as that race goes out along the Las Vegas Strip, turns around at the Fremont Street Experience and returns to the finish line via roads that run parallel to the Strip.\n\nThe course support in terms of fluid replacement (water & Gatorade) is exceptional with stations at nearly every mile, and there is plenty of medical support and law enforcement along the course.  The finishers' medal in 2005 was quite unique as the center of the medal actually spun on a center axis.  Real Las Vegas showgirls and Elvis impersonators stand ready at the finish area and at the race expo to pose with you for a unique Vegas-only photo.\n\nWill I return to run in this event?  Probably not for the full marathon, but I'll definitely be back to participate in the half marathon.