I stop by brought my date here for dinner. They were opened, the doors where wide open, we walked straight in. However, nobody was there? No HOST, no WAITERS, No WAITRESS, No WORKERS, there was NOBODY!!! Ruined MY DATE I had to leave & go somewhere else. Made me LOOK BAD!!! Don't ever Go Here. No one is even working in the front are OPEN?? Unprofessional, Disgusting, & Embarrassing. NEVER AGAIN!\n\nThis was exactly on March 16, 2016 the date was set for 8:30pm. This really one of the biggest disappointment I've had on a date. I eat at the Bella Fresco at the Arboretum Plaza all the time since I live in South Charlotte. Yet, I choose this location because it was neutral and closer for my date. Big mistake, these two companies are night and day probably different owners. I had confidence since I been to the other location I recommended to my date that we eat there. When I got there I was embarrassed no one was there no host, no waiter, no waitress, nobody. My date was freaking out like where are we? What kinda of place is this? Are they open? What is this? I was so frustrated I had calm her down and let her know I had another place we could eat. I understand that you might not be as busy as the other location. However if you are not busy shorten the hours & don't open everyday of the week. You are making your company look even worse by being open and having no customers or workers. Offer free appetizers, free drinks, online ads or something to generate business. That's the worse thing a company can do is be open and have no one in the front when guest walking to greet them. This is a very critical part of every business to have people to greet customers as they walk in. If no one is there they will walk out. If  can not afford to have workers in the front greeting people. Then shorten the hours or be closed that day. This is better than leaving a bad representation of the company like this. I recommend shortening the days open to Wed - Sat, actually hiring some people to work here, doing online Marketing, free appetizers, flyers to local businesses, to help generate more business. This saddens me how bad this location is considering how good the Arboretum location is but they are 2 totally different companies I see now. I hope this helps however I had probably the worse experience I believe I ever had coming to a restaurant for a date.