We bought a new Mercedes Benz ML 320 from this dealership in 2000 when it was known as \"Beck Imports\". The dealership was sold in early 2009 to Hendrick Motors. Our ML320 had serious electrical problems from the beginning, and the dealership (when it was still Beck Imports) tried unsuccessfully for years to remedy the main problem which was unexplained battery drainage. If the vehicle is left parked in our garage for more than 7- 10 days or so the battery completely dies. After years of dealing with this problem, Skipper Beck (the previous owner) and his General Manager gave us a lifetime service warranty on all of the electrical systems of the vehicle for as long as we own the vehicle. They provided this warranty in writing on the Beck Imports company letterhead. The battery on this vehicle died (again) after leaving it in our garage for about 1 week and we called Mercedes Roadside Assistance to get a new battery. To make a very long story short, we were informed by Mark Owen (the Service Manager) that Hendrick Motors of Charlotte would not honor or support the written warranty we had received from Beck Imports. Apparently they have decided (arbitrarily) that they (Hendrick Motors) would refuse to provide the warranty service that we were promised (in writing) by Beck Imports and they claim that they are not obligated to do so since they purchased the dealership in 2009. Needless to say, we do not agree that they are not obligated to honor this written agreement and we will probably end up having to pursue this matter in court if they continue to claim no responsibility. Please see the following quote taken directly from the Hendrick Motors of Charlotte's corporate web site on May 26, 2011: \"Beck Imports has been acquired by the Hendrick Automotive Group of Charlotte, NC. Beck Imports has been renamed: Hendrick Motors of Charlotte. The Beck tradition of excellent customer care in both sales and service is being built upon with the great Hendrick tradition. The Mercedes-Benz heritage of excellence in automotive engineering and performance is enhanced by the Hendrick tradition of providing the ultimate ownership experience.\" In this posting on their own corporate web site, the company (HMOC) itself states that it acquired Beck Imports. It seems that Hendrick Motors of Charlotte is ready and willing to state that they acquired Beck Imports and that \"The Beck tradition of excellent customer care in both sales and service is being built upon with the great Hendrick tradition\" (again from their web site) when it suits them and to disclaim this fact when it does not suit them. I have a written commitment from Beck Imports, on Beck Imports letterhead and signed by their then General Manager, not a \"handshake\" or \"verbal agreement\". Also, it would seem that HMOC, would by their own logic and description, not honor any warranty or service work that was provided by Beck Imports or MB USA on new MB vehicles that were purchased from Beck Imports the month before they acquired Beck Imports. I doubt that this is in fact a business practice HMOC pursued following their purchase of Beck Imports. This appears to be a very clear case of HMOC speaking out of both sides of their mouths at the same time, and publicly stating one thing only to deny it privately when it requires them to do the right thing. Rather than rely on contorted, legalistic and misleading statements to back out of a written commitment they should not hesitate to honor, they should \"conduct their business through core values of respect and dignity\", as they claim. The \"simple legal business aspects\" of their position regarding our situation appear to be anything but simple or straight-forward.