This is one of the better Embassy Suites in the chain. It is right near the Convention Center (walking distance) and a short walk to the monorail that goes to The Strip. It is on Paradise, about 2 long blocks from Las Vegas Blvd (the Strip). \n\nThe good thing is that it is a business oriented hotel with large 2 room suites at reasonable rates. In the summertime, you can get under $100, even on weekends (if there isn't a big show, which there usually isn't in the dead of summer). The reason this is a good thing, is if you come to Las Vegas for business like I do, the last thing I want to do is have to walk 20 minutes through a huge casino and another 20 minutes around a huge parking lot just to get to my car. That's worse if you are lugging stuff each way. Here, you just step outside and there is your car.  \n\nNow if you are just coming to Vegas for your once a year get drunk and wild party, then maybe this isn't for you. On the other hand, if you are staying for a few days and want to save some money for the casinos or shows, this is a good choice. It has free hot breakfast and free happy hour during the week, like all Embassy Suites. There is also free WiFi in you suite and throughout the Atrium..\n\nThe hotel itself is a little hard to get to off Paradise, but is nicely kept, with 12 stories, a great atrium, the signature glass elevators and greenery, a mezzanine third floor lounge, indoor pool and outdoor jacuzzi. The rooms are 2 room suites with vanity and armoir in the bedroom with 2 doubles or a king, and the front room has a sofabed, lounge chair, table for 4, wetbar, microwave, and minifridge.The decor is simple elegance in contemporary colors, with marble tiling in the bathroom and minibar. \n\nThe lobby fountain is a soothing interplay of water jets, programmed in playful arrays, like a mini Bellagio fountain show. \n\nIf you want more money to spend on food, shows, and gambling, don't want to walk into a smokey casino every time you want to go to your car half a mile a way or take a dip in the pool, and don't mind getting free breakfast and happy hour and quick in and out to your car without walking or waiting for 20 minutes, stay here, particularly if you have a trade show to attend at the convention center, or you are on a sensible budget and been to Vegas many times before.