I visited Grandview Bakery for the first time for a Yelp event that they held last Thurs.  Given that I rarely make it up to Mt. Washington, I intended to visit during Fourth of July, which was the last time I happened to be in this neighborhood.  However, they closed early that day (can't say I blame them!), so I was unable to do so then, hence my first visit being last week.\n\nDuring the event, I took advantage of my visit, and purchased the following items: mini cherry cheesy cake, triple chocolate cupcake, and peanut butter brownie ($7 and change, together).  I consumed these items within 48 hrs. of my visit, and they were all very good in quality.  The cheesy cake was quite moist in texture and was the least sweet of the items, so it's a great option for someone with less of a sweet tooth.  The chocolate cupcake was also moist, though not as much so as the cheesy cupcake, and is great for the extreme chocolate lover.  It consisted of a chocolate cupcake filled with light chocolate buttercream frosted with a dark chocolate icing with a milk chocolate drizzle and chocolate sprinkles.  The peanut butter brownie was my favorite of the bunch.  It was massive, and had loads of peanut butter icing topped with roasted nuts.  This brownie is ideal for those who enjoy peanut butter and chocolate together in their desserts.\n\nOne of the most unique aspects about this bakery is that, in addition to a counter showcasing baked goods and cakes, it contains a large section devoted to baking supplies for the home baker.  Whether you are interested in chocolate making, cake decorating, or cookie baking, you can find many--if not all--of the supplies that you need to perfect your craft right here!  The prices seem pretty reasonable and competitive with those of chain craft stores (AC Moore, Michael's, etc.), so this is a great alternative for those of us who live in the city and don't want to have to travel into the suburbs to purchase baking supplies.  It is also worth noting that this bakery offers baking classes, as well as a party room that can be used for events such as bridal or baby showers.\n\nAll of the employees, as well as the owner, were pleasant to interact with during my visit, and seem to genuinely enjoy their jobs and have a passion for what they do.  They seem very willing to work with customers to provide them with a satisfying product, too.  If I were planning an event that required a cake, I would definitely consider purchasing one from this bakery.  Having tried around half of the bakeries in PGH, I'd rank Grandview in the top 25%.  Thus, I hereby approve Grandview Bakery as Bakery Queen of Pittsburgh!  4.5 stars.