It was night of Bar Rescue Viva Las Vegas. My roommate and I huge fan of the show always been meaning too checkout the bars they done here in Vegas. So we decided too start off the night with some 702 before out last stop Bacon Bar. Hindsight talk about ending on positive experience rather then blah one. Bar 702 never notice until the show but the irony is am regular at Pho Bosa next door so remember the business changed. Not Bar Rescue style. I actually saw the show liked the changes, notice added food through window (irony food from Pho Bosa; they never mention it on the show), and every time get broken rice on like need too check it out. \n\nMy first impression we walked in was talk about dark bar thinking need some night vision goggles just too get around. Talk about low ceiling mostly due fact on the first floor of two story building. It not help for lighting although the side with the pool tables and lot of the cool decorations half could see. Couple things got excited too see that stuck with the show. They have backdrop that take photo with ID like getting booked in jail. Something stay away from in real life. It perfect compliment with the concept of the new Bar 702. They even have Wall with the Most Wanted. Not sure get on that one but interesting the ones they did was from the airing on Bar Rescue. Cool. They even have vending machine that can get 40oz Old English and couple more brands. I like the stage and great sound system. The band started playing at 9. Not sure the name of the band but they were okay. Guess they have live music playing most nights not sure the exact schedule. The bartender she was lot of fun! We get great service never empty beer or glass. She honest came too the food or LACK of. IIt was the biggest disappointment for me. I thinking that would get some Pho Bosa action bar food. I seen the owners on the show. Anyway now all they have frozen or heat in microwave food. I would never order besides bummed out no Pho Bosa. The bartender upfront telling us not the best food and love the honesty. She even told us that not single bartender still works here from the show. I ordered one of the signature drinks she mentioning that super sweet but if not like I could get something else and not get charged. It looked really good on the show or mixed drink in beer mug. Interesting! They have four too choose from I went with \"The Flamingo\". It described more like strawberry daquiri style. Talk about SWEET. Dam! It made that first beer going down tough after \"The Flamingo\". It was ok. Sure think stick with safer drink BEER next time. \n\nOverall not too high on Bar 702. End of the night just reminds me of another local bar outside the strip just the concept don't find appealing. Reality no food. It not place think would chilling hang out with friends. Once the band plays its pretty loud since small place so going too have shout too have conversation. There of others places can go but if in the area would go back support some old school Vegas.