I went to April Office hours at Drip on Thursday and really enjoyed getting to know some of the people that populate the Yelp community. \nOne of the things I like about Yelp is that people actually get together to talk about food, culture, art, etc. \nI spend way too much of my life with my head buried in a monitor, dealing with electro-mail and what not:)\nSo, given the crowd at Office Hours, it probably isn't incredibly surprising that after Office Hours, we decided that we had better get something to eat...I need my 7 square meals a day or I get cranky...low blood sugar:)\nI set out for Sabor Cubano, with Mr. K and Brian S. (as agreeable a pair of lunch companions as there are:).\nI had never been to Cuban Flavor, although I am big fan of Cuban food (and cuban cigars, but no,no,no,no, I don't smoke them no more...I've been following Jim W's song title thread:). \nI like Havana Café (a review for another day), but I had not had some of the \"down home\" or \"en casa\" Cuban food that we got at Sabor Cubano.\nI can take or leave buffets, as general rule (I think \"sneeze guard\" is just a suggestion, in the buffet line, frankly...I have seen far too many people with their head under the Plexiglas, trying to get that last pickle or radish to be comfortable that it keeps much in the way of disease out of the food:). \nFor you non-buffet types, Sabor Cubano has table service, Cuban specials (sandwiches, beef dishes, etc.).\nBut \"danger\" is my middle name and the lunch buffet was truly delightful. \nI got to sample so many cubano dishes that I hadn't tried before. \nThey had navy beans and ham, with giant ham hocks sitting in the beans in the hot table...delightful:) ; they had 3 different types of chicken on the bone, all seasoned and prepared differently and all delicious. There were spicy black beans and red beans, several different kinds of rice, potatoes that really complemented one of the chicken dishes.\nChicken Croquettes, Beef, fish, and vegetables and soup, all cooked in a Cuban style completed the hot offerings. Everything was well prepared, and nothing was dried out and tired (something you see in buffets on a pretty constant basis).\nThe salad bar was clean and the vegetables fresh, and the desert bar had custard and a rice pudding that looked great and authentic (I didn't have desert...I am trying to watch my figure:)\nA very solid offering for under $10, including drinks. It didn't hurt that we had some great conversation and few laughs during lunch, too! \nSabor Cubano stays in the rotation:)\nBrian and Mr. K, thanks again for pointing me south to Cuba! (or was it northwest?).