I feel somewhat uncomfortable giving a so-so rating to a restaurant where I know the family personally.  That said, there's a few things that have been amiss at this place pretty much every time I come here.  The food has been average at best and the atmosphere isn't quite my thing.  Tonight exemplified this feeling for me during a dinner with family members.\n\nFor starters, this restaurant has been around forever.  Even many of the staff members have been here forever (our waiter had worked there for decades).  Between the long time staff and the decor, the feeling of this place is old school all the way.  It has some of the feel of an old school italian restaurant, though not so fancy that you have to be super dressy here.  In fact much of the clientele here is quite casual.  The customer crowd here has also typically been much older as I suspect many of their customers have been coming here for years.  I rarely see anyone younger than their forties or fifties in there, so interpret that however you want.\n\nThe food is old school classic italian from the pastas, the seafood dishes, the chicken and veal plates, and the steaks.  Tonight I went with the chicken francese.  Essentially a breaded chicken covered in a lemon butter sauce and topped with mushrooms.  First off, I'm not a mushroom guy so thats my fault.  But the chicken and breaded tasted pretty bland even with the sauce (which was way more butter than lemon by the way).  It was edible, but not that great.  I've had similar experiences with a couple of their pasta and veal dishes as well.  Each dish gets soup and a salad to start.  As usual both were okay, but again nothing special.  The prices are actually pretty reasonable so even if the flavors don't impress you, you can count on leaving full.\n\nIt may well be that I'm not the target audience of this restaurant.  Its an old school restaurant with old school grub, so maybe they're just looking to appeal to the old school crowd.  I'm not opposed to old world recipes as long as they're done well.  From my multiple visits here I find their cuisine adequate, but not much better than that.  There's plenty of italian joints in the Phoenix area.  This one falls somewhere in the middle of pack, at best.