I saw this advertised through groupon and figured I would give it a try.  That in itself was a break through.  Group classes are out of my comfort zone.  I have no coordination, can't do two things at once, I'm shy,  and have no tolerance for the Snobby people who typically hang out in group classes with their cliques.     In any case, I did purchase and signed up for first class online (the online system is very simple to use, classes are listed by week, your attendance is logged).\n\nI arrived for my first class which was a 5:45 class, i was nervous but excited.  My first run in was with a snobby lady (a client) and I almost turned right around there.  I decided against and went in - Dawn Hardas, the owner of this location was at the front desk and she was very welcoming.   I filled out the paperwork, took a tour with Dawn and then waited for class to start.\n\nThe next hour flew by - we did small movements of contracting \/ releasing muscles - in forms of yoga, pilates, barre, and orthopedic moves.   This isn't a cardio workout, but I certainly had my heart rate up at times.   My body was also shaking and thought possibly I might die a few times.     Dawn was very upbeat - kept the class moving and was engaged to ensure you were in the correct position.    \n\n I had purchased a 3 class package through groupon and once I had completed those classes I signed up for the new client unlimited month of $100  - which is an amazing deal since a regular class is $20.    I went 8 times during my unlimited month - wish I could have taken advantage of more, but with the holidays I was lucky to get that many done.  I have a bad lower back and need to keep my core muscles in shape - I wasn't doing my physical therapy excercises at home and have found that this method is great.   I have gone a total of 11 times over the past month and half and even with that inconsistency I have seen a major improvement in my strength, flexibility, and posture.\n\nI have taken classes with almost all the instructors at this location and all of them are great.  All upbeat, all helpful, they push you, but not in an obnoxious way.  You paid for the classes, so they ensure you get what you paid for.   They know somedays you are stronger than other days and you can work at different levels within each pose.  \n\nwhat is also great is that you are so focused on the excercises, the position of your body, etc that your mind is clear for an hour.  I don't think about work, chores, or anything during this time.  I feel refreshed and amazing at the end of each class. \n\nThe studio is clean, bright, and new.   \n\nJust purchased another package and looking forward (yes looking forward) to my class tonight!   \n\nSo give it a try - and come say hi to me - i won't be snobby!   ;)