Ass Hats! A previous review referred to this company as \"ass hats\". Perfect choice of words! We met with Andy, the General Manager and co-founder of the company, to discuss our move from Grande Prairie to Calgary. We expressed that we had several expensive, high quality pieces of furniture that must be protected from damage. He assured us that they never had damage because the costs associated with the damage came directly out of the pocket of the guys moving the furniture. So, after a lengthy discussion, we agreed to sign with them. The move date was established.\nThe day of the move came, and the appointed arrival time came and went.  We contacted the dispatcher in Calgary and he didn't know where they were. Two guys were supposed to be there. Seven hours later we get a call from the dispatcher stating that the truck was pulled over and there was an issue with the licence of the driver. and he had spent the day in jail. The other guy grew tired of waiting, quit and took the bus back to Edmonton. So, no move that day. \nThe next day they flew another swamper out to help out the driver who was now out of jail. They showed up on time and were very pleasant and personable. They guaranteed me they were going to \"make this right.\" I expressed several times, and I mean several, the importance of protecting the expensive furniture. They assured me it would all be looked after. The furniture got packed and they drove to Calgary that night.\nThe next day, in Calgary, another guy showed up. He seemed to be of higher rank. He said he was sent out to \"make things right.\" So, as they proceeded to bring in the furniture, we could see that every piece of furniture, that I explicitly mentioned, was damaged. Every piece! I was livid. A few days later they sent their dispatcher out to examine the damage. He said they'd look after it. I stated that money wasn't what I wanted as compensation, I wanted the furniture repaired to its original condition. He said he understood. Ten days later I received a Damage Claim in the amount of $356. I called the office; got a voice mail; no returned call. \n\nIt's a sad world when companies like this have no pride in the service they provide.. I've been in management for years, and if this was how I managed my company I'd want to bury my head in shame.