This review pertains to the summer tasting menu.\n\nThe Skinny: surprisingly weak in the flavour department, poor execution, and lack of a clear thought process make this place a no-go (2.5) service is quite good in the restaurant (4) value: given the quality, $42 per person is pretty ridiculous (1).\n\nWe were originally going to hit up American Fish for their happy hour but unfortunately they were closed. We stopped by Sirio due to their appealing summer menu offerings.\n\nMy husband and I both ordered the summer menu which consisted of beef carpaccio, mixed green salad with goat cheese, apple and candied hazelnuts, mushroom ravioli and the roasted chicken with asparagus, artichoke and mushrooms.\n\nThe beef carpaccio (aka \"where's the beef\" carpaccio) was overwhelmed with arugula, capers and cheese - not much beef on the plate. The beef lacked adequate seasoning and was surprisingly dry. The dish really needed more of the citrus oil to moisten the meat and add flavour.\n\nThe mixed green salad was astoundingly bland given the number of ingredients. The apple in the dish was tasteless as if dunked in water for too long. The champagne vinaigrette was indiscernible. Goat cheese had no goatiness (in a good kind of way) or even saltiness.The only thing in that dish that imparted some sort of taste were the lovely scattering of candied hazelnuts.\n\nRavioli, in my mind, was more than al dente - it was definitely undercooked. The filling which was supposed to have mushrooms in it was overwhelmed by the thyme inside and had no mushroom flavour whatsoever.\n\nAlbeit, the skin of the chicken was nice and crispy, the breast was dry and overly salty. The lemon in the glaze did not work well with the wine reduction used in the sauce. The sauce was unpleasantly odd and overwhelmed the vegetables. You couldn't taste the mushrooms, asparagus and artichokes. It was a very unsuccessful dish.\n\nFinally dessert. I looked for redemption on the last course of panna cotta and gelato\/sorbetto selection. What I found was the complete lack of thought in these dishes.\n\nThe panna cotta was okay - perhaps a little too much on the gelatinous side but fine. When served over the berry soup, the sweetness of the panna cotta made the berry soup overly sour. \n\nThe same thing happened with the gelato and sorbetto. They served vanilla bean gelato with two sorbets - passionfruit and peach. When you took a bite of gelato then taste the sorbet, your mouth puckered like you emptied a bag of Sour Kids in there. Individually, each ice cream was okay...it's just the combination made no sense. There was obviously very little consideration put into composing this dish - a recurring theme at the restaurant.\n\nGiven the poor quality and exorbitant pricing, this place rates a 2.