This is definitely the place to stay while in Vegas. If you want the excitement of Vegas without the traffic, the crowds, and the drunken messes, this is the place to stay!\n\nWe stayed here last month when they first opened. They were still working out a few kinks, but other than that, this was the nicest place I've stayed at in Vegas. I would stay here again!\n\nOur room was beautiful! Everything was clean and very modern chic. The only thing I wish it had was a mini fridge! Because it was definitely needed for the amount of alcohol we had. The flat screen TVs in the bedroom and the living room were awesome! We loved that we could watch 2 different shows in the different rooms! No fighting over who could watch!\n\nThe beds were extremely comfy. I loved the down comforter. The one thing I wish the bedroom had was more lighting. Because it was a little too dark for our liking. Especially since we were all getting ready for a night out in Vegas.\n\nThe bathroom is really cool with the shower head above like rainfall. And the wallpaper in the private bathroom was fun to look at. \n\nThe pool area is amazing! Yeah, it's not the biggest pool in Vegas, but the cabanas are sooo pretty and available for anyone to use! You don't have to pay $100 to get the cabana. How can you beat that? Plus, it's 24 hours, so after a night of drinking and walking the streets of Vegas in our heels, we wanted to lay by the pool and put our feet in the water. They also have awesome hammocks for anyone to use. It's a perfect place to get that \"get away\" feeling!\n\nThe service and friendliness of the staff was awesome. They were accommodating and did everything with a smile. The one thing I wished they had was a taxi service, but this was last month, so they might have changed that since then. But the valet guys were nice enough to hail us a cab when we needed it, so that was a PLUS for them!\n\n\nSo I recommend you stay at this upscale boutique and enjoy the perks of Vegas without all the crowds! And if you don't want to have to walk through a cloud of smoke for 10 minutes before getting to your room! I can do that when I walk through the hotels on the strip to get to the club.