The bad reviews are puzzling.  I don't know, maybe it's luck?  I've been here around seven times now.  I've probably sampled half the menu, with few disappointments -- certainly nothing revolting or inedible.  Of course this is the Internet, where common complaints explode into rabid hatred and writers are often ranked by their sensationalism.  Fuck, I'm guilty of it too - go read Dangerous Dan's. (personal note: it wasn't THAT bad)\n\nBut this place needs some defense so I'll indulge: it's the best restaurant in Bloor West Village.  For quality, for value, and perhaps even for service.  I say this as a resident of nearly three years - three years of traveling fifteen minutes in any direction to dine somewhere interesting (usually east).  Often I'd just settle for Queen's Pasta, who are consistent but boring.  I haven't been back to eat there since My Place opened.\n\nOne thing I'll admit: the name is lame.  I can't seem to say it without swinging my right arm like a pirate.  I don't really like telling people what it's called, preferring \"new place nearby\" or \"sort of this pub thing\".  Then again, restaurant names are rarely breathtaking, and I have no poetic suggestions of what it should be called instead.  (Although I really like \"New Place Nearby\", upon reflection)\n\nWhat I like:\n\n* No other restaurant in the neighbourhood is attempting a menu of this quality and variety, at least not at a mid-range price level.\n\n* There's a commitment to seasonality, local produce, and sustainable fish.  Few restaurants sincerely bother with this, especially ones located on the edge of town.  When you get the cod chowder here, it's Alaskan black cod, not the Atlantic variety that's near extinction.  They didn't have to do this, as I'm sure most plebes don't give a shit.  But I appreciate it, as it communicates a certain seriousness.  It also helps that black cod is a delicious fish, much more worth eating out of existence than the Atlantic variety.\n\n* Abundant in-house preparations.  I've been told by waitstaff that most meats and fish are brought in whole, to be broken down by staff butchers as part of the daily prep.  Not only is this cheaper, it's also resourceful: an ample supply of bones and trimmings means better stock, means better sauces, means better meals.  It also allows the restaurant to personalize, to control.  Your stock is yours, leaving you free to season and tweak and reduce and do whatever you want to set it apart.  I'm not sure how obvious this is to diners - whether they detect the difference or even care.  I certainly do, because I'm an ex-cook with romantic attachments to a brutal and often thankless industry.  They don't have to do it but they do.  They service the ideal.  Again, it's romantic.\n\n* Simple, appealing dishes.  Those after the avantgarde should look elsewhere, as the food is more about perfecting the familiar than distorting conventions.  And thank christ, because I'm completely spent on the precious bullshit animating more expensive establishments.  No delicate foams or three-tablespoon serving sizes.  Everything is portioned to actually comprise a meal, so you shouldn't leave hungry.\n\n* Local craft beers.  While the list isn't as exotic or broad as Smokeless or Volo, they've made an effort to represent local craft breweries on tap and in bottles.  They've also reserved a few taps for frequent rotation to highlight anything unique or seasonal.  Again, not necessary, but I find it charming.  I sense a sincerity from management that endears me to hope they succeed.\n\nYeah there's some questionable shit, like the downstairs.  It's always vacant when I go, not sure of their plans down there.  I saw a small stage or something.  I'm not reviewing that part.  You go to the bathroom down there.\n\nThe ceilings are high, in a way that could be uninviting.  The booth seating makes up for that.  That's one of the few things many chain restaurants have over independents: lush, cushioned booth seating with plenty of privacy.  This comes close.\n\nAnother is children.  Many smaller restaurants can't accommodate children, or don't want to.  I completely understand, as there's already too many and feeding them will only encourage the trend.  But a lot of places lose out on a big family bill because they don't have the space or the patience to serve them.  My Place is rare in being equipped to seat not only one family but many, with wide tables and plenty of surrounding floor space.  I suspect the owners were savvy enough to notice the potential, as families are certainly eating there: I've seen them, and unfortunately heard them.  Regardless, a smart move.  Bad for depopulation but good for business.\n\nI would encourage anyone in the area to visit My Place for a meal or even just a drink.  The entire menu is available at the bar and there's plenty of television, so you can keep track of your uniformed sportspeople who challenge each other in large buildings.  \n\nBWV needed this place.