From past experience I find that credit unions generally are generally abysmally managed but be prepared for whatever word comes next after abysmal if you choose to do business with Desert Schools.  From the moment of my first contact I could not be less pleased.  Without going into details of my own account these are a few of the low lights of being their customer:\n\n- No one from the president on down seems to have any training.  No matter what question you ask them you are greeted with a deer-in-the-headlights blank look.  Whoever you ask always seems to have to call someone else, who seems to wing whatever answer pops into their head.\n\n- If the deer can't reach someone else (which is most of the time) they say someone will get back to you.  They never do.  Never.  If you call to follow-up you have to start from scratch because no one even knows who you are.\n\n- They have zero proactivity.  I am used to having large balances in my bank accounts and one of my banks only has locations in another state, but if they sense unusual activity on my account they call me on the telephone to verify it.  And they are a very large bank.  I have a LOT of money at DSFCU and no one has ever proactively called me for any reason.\n\n- Standing in line to complete a transaction is like watching paint dry (see \"lack of training\" above).  The few active (active = euphemism) tellers have to get instructions for virtually every transaction while the rest of the staff who seem to spend their time moving the same paper from Point A to Point B and back again have perfected the art of never making eye contact with the line that winds through the lobby.\n\n- To reinforce the item about never returning phone calls, they simply do not reply to anything ... phone calls, emails, communications posted at their website, postal mail, carrier pigeons dressed as Santa being tossed down their chimney, notes tied to the tails of cute puppy dogs ... and that includes Susan Frank who I guess feels she is too important to take care of her customers.\n\nIt's a royal pain to have to close my account and go through the hassle of moving it to another bank or credit union but honestly DSFCU has done nothing to earn my business.\n\nBTW, odd that one of the few \"positive\" reviews of DSFCU anywhere seems to be written by Ms. Frank and her little doggie.  Smells fake to me (the review, not the dog).