I really wanted to love this place, but I don't really even like it sadly. It is super close to my work, independently owned, and has espresso, it should have been so easy to fall in love with. Unfortunately it is kind of like that ultra hot guy you are so excited to be dating, until you realize how lame on the inside he actually is. \n\nI have been there twice now, because I wanted to give the place a fair chance. The first time I was desperate a cappuccino, so I ran over there. They had no soy milk, and I am allergic to cow's milk. To bad, so sad.\n\nOn my second try I really wanted some good soup, since I have this yucky summer cold. I called up to asked about the soup, and lady seemed irritated by my inquiry about what the soup was today. I went in, and there were a couple of people in there already. The lady was busy, and was yelling in the back for someone else to get up there. I can see how she might have been a little stressed, but what's with all the angry yelling?\n\nShe asked what I wanted, and I said the soup and some orange juice. She said OK, and then I stood there for 10 minutes. Another woman came in who she apparently knew, and she was friendly with her. I don't need to be coddled, but there was not a hint of friendliness towards me at all. I am sure the lady was a regular, but how about being welcoming to a new customer? I felt like I was an unwanted guest in a rude neighbor's house.\n\nSo, I finally get my soup, and the gal tells me she had to heat it up. Their menu said they made fresh soup every day. Why would you have to re-heat soup at 11:30 AM unless it was from the day before? Then I watched the other girl pour my OJ. It was Minute Maid from concentrate. I understand that not everyone is the Orange Table and does fresh squeezed juice, but how about something that is least not from concentrate. Sorry, I don't want to pay $1.75 for a cup of OJ I wouldn't buy at the store.\n\nAs I left, I thought to myself, this better be some awesome soup considering the unfriendly service. You know, kind of like the Soup Nazi, you are willing to put up with unfriendly service for good product.\n\nSad to say, the soup was bland and had a gross layer of oil. I tried to absorb all the oil up with napkins, but I couldn't get it all. It grossed me out as I ate it, but I was sick, and I needed to eat. \n\nJust and FYI a previous review said they deliver for free, but there was a note in the menu that clearly stated they have a $1 delivery charge. Not a big deal, but good to know.\n\nLowdown cafe, you are not for me