Family planning is a very sensitive issue for some and I think, for this reason, it's important to have a great connection with your reproductive endocrinologist and their staff. Unfortunately, I didn't find this at FCLV. I did like Dr. Shapiro, although he was not always the most comforting. He brushed off some of my concerns, worked quickly, and made me feel rushed during some of my exams and procedures. I'm pretty sure this is just due to the nature of his very busy practice, but that's part of the reason I moved on. Most days, I felt like a number. I once went in for a procedure and, as I was signing in, the girl at the front desk hollered to someone else \"the (insert name of my procedure) is here.\" Way to make me feel like a condition, and not a patient. And way to violate my right to privacy. Anyone in the waiting room could clearly have made the connection that I was the (insert procedure name here). \n\nI found it very difficult to know who to contact at different times during my cycle, despite being given an office phone list the size of the yellow pages. I also found it hard to get my questions answered. At times, I felt like a nuisance asking questions. I received answers like, \"It was explained in the packet we gave you.\" It's important for the staff to remember that individuals going through fertility treatments need guidance and compassion. Sometimes I just want to ask a person a reasonable question and receive an answer or explanation that doesn't come from a pre printed pamphlet. \n\nAs a patient at FCLV, I felt extremely uneducated and uninformed. Despite my meetings and consultations with Dr. Shapiro, I didn't feel like I was well educated on certain aspects involving my treatment. Ultrasounds were performed by techs and not the doctor; they would call out numbers regarding my ultrasound findings to their coworker recording information in the room, but would never explain to me what these numbers meant. I found myself making mental notes and then researching on my own later on. Being in healthcare, I'm a firm believer that education is key, and it doesn't end after the first encounter.\n\nOne of the hardest things to overcome in this place was how long I'd wait for my appointments. I was often kept waiting long after my appointment time without so much as an update, let alone an acknowledgment, from the front desk staff. The staff create this barrier between them and the patients by closing a glass window, and then they stand around talking and sometimes not acknowledging people at the front desk. This may be totally off base, but they should know this is the impression they're giving off.  \n\nOn the plus side, the office is clean, modern and comfortable. I did enjoy the light music playing in the exam rooms. It calmed me on procedure days. The employees in the lab were friendly and efficient. And there are some early morning hours for those who are working with a tight schedule (but don't expect to be in and out on time). \n\nI have since started seeing another reproductive endocrinologist in a smaller practice in the valley and I'm feeling a lot more valued and educated than I did at FCLV. Considering that fertility practices are limited here, FCLV may be a great option for some. Some glowing reviews talk about excellent experiences here so I think everyone needs to see and decide for themselves. Don't be afraid to shop around to make sure you're comfortable with the folks who are going to help you achieve your family. They may be right here at FCLV!