The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust is the heart of the city's entertainment district. Under it's umbrella are the Benedum Center, Heinz Hall, the O'Reilly theater, the Byham theater, the August Wilson theater, the Harris theater, the Cabaret at Theater Square, the Backstage bar, the Arcade comedy theater, and the central box office.\n\nAlso, they manage the Trust arts educational center, Agnes R Katz plaza, and have their own parking garage. All types of entertainment are held in these venues from Broadway musicals, plays, concerts, the opera and so much more.\n\nThey will rent out their space to companies like the Pittsburgh Ballet theater who's most recent production of Alice in Wonderland was beyond compare. They now have instituted a new security measure where you are only allowed one which must be no larger than 16x16x8. You can either purchase your tickets at the venues individual box office, the central box office or online if you create an account.\n\nYou can join the Cultural Trust with a minimum $25.00 donation which will give you advance access to ticket sales before they go on sale to the general public. However, season ticket holders always will get first opportunity. I find subscribing to a whole series can be not only costly but you never know where your seats are and you have the same seats throughout.\n\nUnless they get a blockbuster hard to get ticket production I probably won't subscribe but I do take in a lot of their shows and have never been disappointed with my choices. Parking is also reasonable since evening rates start after 4 on weekends and continue all day Sat and Sun.\n\nThe central hub is located on Liberty Ave and most of the theaters are within a short walking distance to each other. There are plenty of restaurants to go for pre or post theater. The theaters are arranged differently and both elevators and handicapped seating is available.\n\nPerhaps the best thing I like about seeing the Broadway shows here in Pittsburgh is that you save tons of money vs the NY theater prices and you don't get lost in the mayhem when your Broadway show lets out along with most of the other ones and you find yourself snagged in Times Square. Sure you may not get the all the big names but to me it's the show that makes it. My next visit will be a live concert at Cabaret at Theater Square with Tony award headliner Brandon Uranowitz fresh off his run in Falsettos.