After hearing so much terrible news in the newspapers, my belated New Year's resolution is to tune out the terrible news and keep the negativity out of my life. Unfortunately, that is easier said than done. And the Las Vegas Review Journal has been where I have heard about the terrible news in my community and the world.\n\nThe Las Vegas Review Journal (abbreviated RJ) is the most important newspaper in the greater Las Vegas metropolitan area. They sell the RJ as far away as Laughlin and St. George, Utah. In my case, this has been irrelevant because the RJ is as quick as a tap on the smartphone. I give the RJ cudos for offering the majority of their daily newspaper online. Especially considering that the printed paper is approximately $2. In the newspaper business free online papers aren't always the case. For example, in my childhood home of Long Island, you have to pay to read \"Newsday\" and \"the New York times.\" The free online RJ does come with a price. That is advertisments. When I wait for an article there will be an advertisement on the screen for a few seconds. If only these were the only advertisements. Unfortunately, I had a problem where after leaving the site advertisements would appear on my smartphone. It got to the point where I stopped reading the RJ on my Chrome browser and downloaded the Ad blocker search engine to browse it. If I didn't, it would be easy to stick to my New Year's resolution because I would keep off the site. By the way, Ad blocker informed me that it has blocked several adds from the RJ.\n\nThe RJ is more than the terrible crimes that occur. The RJ website is a gateway to www.eatervegas.com. This is the online place that I visit to learn about the restaurants coming to Las Vegas and the ones closing. From this online place, I have shared the restaurant news through Yelp tips. The RJ is a place I visit to read about the latest transportation projects. They have provided up to date coverage on the pledging Interstate 11, the Spaghetti bowls, and the 215 Beltway. In recent times, the RJ is a place to visit to keep up with coverage on the Las Vegas Golden Knights.\n\nJust like Las Vegas, the RJ is unique. At the time of the 2017 President Election, this was one of the few major newspapers to endorse Donald Trump. This is not surprising because the man who owns the newspaper is also a Business person. He is Sheldon Anderson, the owner of the Venetian. In my opinion, the paper is generally unbiased. However, it is a different story with the environment. The editorials seem to be more in favor of the development business community than the environment. Unfortunately, from reading the editorials I was left with the opinion that they were in favor of developing a city on top of the gypsum mine contiguous to Red Rock Canyon instead of fighting to protect it. Fortunately, the articles that they wrote on the proposed development of a city by Red Rock Canyon brought the controversial issue to the public's attention.\n\nAlthough, it looks like, I will not be keeping this belated New Year's resolution, I will be keeping my eyes on the Review Journal. With their former competitor, the \"Las Vegas Sun\" reduced to a section in the RJ and a website, I will turn to the RJ for the latest Las Vegas news. Why not? I had been turning to the RJ since 2003.