This place is awful. Don't even waste your time going. First off, I don't usually write reviews, but I had such an awful experience here that I feel it is my duty to warn potential customers. \nI arrived as a \"walk-in\" for the urgent care seeking care for a sore throat promptly at 12:30 when they were supposed to open. I waited for another half hour until the computer tech arrived and actually was the one to open up the office. He informed me that the physician's assistant who was supposed to work that day called in sick, and that someone was on their way. \"Ok\", I thought, no big deal. I'll just wait...I'm already here. Another half hour goes by, and a physician's assistant finally shows up, clearly taking her time to get there as she's got her full Starbucks in her hands. There were only 2 people in the waiting room, myself included, and I was first to be seen. The other gentlemen in the room with me approaches the PA and begins talking with her about how he has called many times regarding certain paperwork their office was supposed to send to another doc, and she is nothing but rude to him...prompting him to film the whole occurrence. He then stormed out, before so telling me I should go somewhere else. Another lady then walked in, approached the PA, and was irate because she hadn't been paid by the Dr. for a service she provided. The PA is also very rude to this woman as well.\nThe PA finally calls me up to discuss insurance\/co-payment and is none the nicer to me as she is doing so. I politely ask her if she has a timeline on when I might be seen, as I've already waited quite a long time, and she curtly replies back telling me that just because they open at 12:30 doesn't mean the doctor will see me then. I totally understand this, and convey that fact to her, and she just hands me paperwork and tells me the doc is on her way. I end up waiting another half hour, and get up to leave, and the PA rushes over and is overly exerting herself in trying to get me to stay and assures me that the doc is on her way. So, I fill out my paperwork as instructed and turn it into her and as I do, there is a technician waiting behind the door to take me back...but opens the door as my copayment \"clears\". I found this whole exchange to be VERY creepy, and I then became even more uncomfortable than before. He takes me back for my vitals, and puts me in a room to wait for the doc. She comes in and asks me what I am here to see her for today (this definitely felt normal), and sits down to her computer. I begin talking, and she interrupts me, asks me my name, and clearly doesn't see it on her computer...meaning the front desk had failed to do their job. She doesn't say anything to me, and storms out and I can hear her yelling at her PA in the front. This was the last straw, I felt SO uncomfortable, and felt like there was absolutely NO customer service...and the whole ordeal felt like I was in the twilight zone, and possibly part of a scam. \nI walked out to the front, and asked for my copayment back, and all of my paperwork containing my personal information, and the PA up front wouldn't give it to me until I told her why I was leaving! The doc then came up front, and demanded the PA refund my copay and turn over the paperwork...and as she was doing so the PA and technician AND Doctor all began arguing whose fault it was why I was leaving!!! I have never encountered this level of unprofessionalism and lack of customer service. They finally did refund my copay and give me my papers, and safe to say, I will never be stepping foot in that office again. It seriously felt like a scam! Enter at your own risk...you've been WARNED!