I don't come to Olive Garden very often as I feel their prices keep on getting more and more expensive, but when they have specials like Never Ending Pasta Bowls starting at $10 I just have to make a trip to get my pasta fill. \n\nCame on a Sunday afternoon and the place was packed with maybe 20-30 people waiting in line to be seated. I asked the hostess how long it would be and she said about 20-25 minutes. Okay, not so bad for a weekend and with the pasta special going on, so I decided to wait. Only had to wait about 10 minutes before I was seated. I and my guest was seated way in the back of the restaurant where all the big groups of people where along with the families with their loud children that were running around between tables. Gosh people, control your children especially when you're out in public!!\n\nOur waiter came rather quickly to take our drink order but was slow at bringing them back, which I'm not sure why since we only asked for iced water. Once he brought our waters out, he took our food order. Told him we both wanted to do the Never Ending Pasta bowls and he looked at me as though he didn't understand. I showed him what we wanted on the menu and he wrote it down. Asked if we wanted soup or salad to go with our meal and we said we both wanted a salad. He brought out our salad and breadsticks quickly and within minutes of that our pasta was brought out by someone else. Our waiter didn't come back around for probably 15 minutes to check up on us. \n\nThe salad was good, not much dressing on it, but it was still good. I hardly ever have the breadsticks, so not sure how they were. My pasta was delicious!! I had the whole wheat linguine with the new creamy mushroom sauce. I always ask for extra sauce as I feel like they don't put much sauce on their pasta. Their serving portions are huge, so I hardly was able to eat one bowl. \n\nOnce we were done, we waited around for awhile to see if our waiter would come and bring us our check, but he never did, so I just paid with the paying machine at our table. Not sure if he checked to see if we paid before we left as he never came back around. \n\nPros:\n1. Pasta was amazing and the price of $10 was even better for all you can eat pasta.\n2. Parking at this location is very large with parking on all four sides of the restaurant. \n3. Location is easy to get to as it's right off the I-17 and Peoria. \n\nCons:\n1. Super busy\n2. Long lines on the weekends\n3. Wait staff are super slow\n4. Tables weren't cleaned off very quickly seeing how there were so many people waiting to be seated.