STOP READING AND GET YOUR EYEBROW DONE SOMEWHERE ELSE!\n\n\nI had visited Diya on Sahara in the past and was pleased with the result so when I was in Eastern area and saw a Groupon deal, I decided to visit this location. \nI don't have thick eyebrow and a little sparse at the beginning of the brow. After threading, she didn't trim it. Instead she showed me a mirror and tell me that the beginning of my brow will grow back in 1-2 months. I don't think she speaks English very well and she makes it up by speaking very softly. At first I thought she was trying to tell me about the sparse beginning and that I need to fill it in (it happened before) ~ BIG MISTAKE. \nSo I only took a quick glance and said that's fine ~ another mistake. \n\nThen the other lady asked whether it's ok or am i happy (something along that line). To be perfectly honest, even with a quick glance, I wasn't happy but I still said it's okay. Mostly because I feel bad for the older lady who did the threading and I don't want her to lose her job. Secondly, I seriously thought that it's nothing an eyebrow pencil can't help. \n\nBut then my husband said something and I took another look at the mirror and saw that SHE THREADED OFF THE BEGINNING OF MY BROW!!! I didn't say anything because I can't ask them to grow my eyebrow back, right? So I left. But when I got home and take a good look at it, I noticed that it's shapeless, not trimmed, not clean, uneven (the right side is thinner than the left side) and the beginning of my brow? Not even threaded clean. So my original weird eyebrow got an upgrade to another level of weirdness. I tried to take pic but I can't show you the detailed mess of my brow without showing off my huge pore -_-\n\nI'm a novice in make up and I only use eyebrow pencil when I'm not too lazy. Now I won't be able to get out of the house without filling in my eyebrow. And worse, I don't think an eyebrow pencil could help me now! Moreover, I am worried sick not knowing whether my eyebrow will grow back or not. Ugh!!!\n\nI know I said I don't want the old lady to lose her job, but I really think she shouldn't thread eyebrow at all. \n\nSorry for the novel, yelpers! I'm surprised you're still reading!