I was going back and forth with if I should give 4 stars or 5 stars but I will give it 4.5!! ARGHH! It's tough but here it goes:\nI truly had an UH-MAZING stay here at this hotel! I was a little nerves when coming because after reading the Yelp reviews I didn't know what to think or expect. \n\nI arrived at the hotel and was approached by Rebecca. VERY VERY VERY (yes, I meant to say it 3 times) nice and respectful young lady! She has amazing hospitality!! I had previously asked over the phone for a microwave and fridge in my room and the people on the phone was SO rude, \"Its first come first serve on that so we can't make promises that we can give you what you want\". WHAT?? Ok whatever! So when I asked Rebecca at the front desk for one she instantly said, \"No problem! I'll get one sent to your room right now\". OMG! Really! Well that was easy!\n\nI was located on the 2nd floor. The room was VERY nice! Big size Queen bed, couch and table in the room! My room faced the pool area which was ok because I rarely was in my room to enjoy the view. The bathrooms were nice and very clean. Many Yelpers stated something about old carpet but my room was VERY clean, I literally had NO complaints! \n\nShuttle bus from the airport comes every 15 minutes after the hour. My driver was Joe and he was very nice! The shuttle bus also takes you to the Tropicana every hour on top of the hour. This was VERY helpful in my situation because with 100 degree weather outside walking is just not cool!\n\nThe hotel is right next to Chevron and walking distance from: In and Out, Jack in the Box, McDonalds and Denny's. I am a late sleeper so I ended up missing out on the good breakfast that I hear they serve from 6-10AM each morning!\n\nThere is also a bar in the hotel which is very convenient. The pool and Jacuzzi is outside and very nice. There is also a computer room on the first floor. They have a place on the first floor to store your luggage in case your plane leaves late like mine did. I was able to check out the room at 11AM and store my luggage with then till 7pm and the shuttle drove me to the airport! FREEE!! \n\nYES! How lovely!!! I also was asked if I wanted a late checkout. Well how late will I get I asked the front desk and they stated up till 3pm! NOICEEE! But I didn't take the late checkout because I knew I wanted to walk the strip for my last day in Vegas. But that was EXTREMELY nice to ask me!\n\nMy ONLY problem was the damn walk from this hotel to the strip!! OMG, well maybe because it was 100 degree weather outside ALL weekend and I was just NOT feeling it! But that walk to me, is FAR more then 10-15 minutes! OMG, Seemed more like 20-25 ARGHH! Because of that I have to take a star off! BUT...BUT....That may soon change!\n\nAfter I came back from my LONGG walk! I of course walked in like I just awoke from the walking dead and Rebecca seem me stomping in mad and hot! After I came out the bathroom she approached me with a bottle of water for me and my best friend and asked if there was anything else we needed. HOW NICE IS THAT??\n\nI can't stop bragging about the hospitality here at the hotel! I LOVE it! Rebecca at the front desk is a true example of what front desk workers should be like EVERYDAY! I swear because of her I will definitely be back. \n\nTHANK YOU Hampton Inn!