So, last night I was invited out to a concert by my girlfriend at the last minute when a friend bailed. She had paid for the tickets so I thought I would take her out for an early dinner in the area before the show.\n\nSeeing as Reds Midtown is in the area and that I like the original I figured we could give their new \"midtown\" location a try. \n\nThis was probably a mistake.\n\nI've been to the original Reds on a few occasions and have always found it to be a good afterwork location in the financial district. However, their new location has left me with a bad taste in my mouth. This bad taste is a lot like a big warm glass of pure butter (more on this in a bit).\n\nWe arrive at dinner just before 7 and were greeted by a friendly hostess who gladly took us to our table. The restaurant was half full but we were \"lucky\" enough to be seated at a half lit table right by the entrance of the kitchen. This table is great for people who really want to see the inner workings of the restaurant world because after last night I now have a full understanding as to how waiters punch in orders and the bickering between staff that goes on at the entrance to a kitchen. (Incase you didn't realize I'm being sarcastic and I found this table to be a personal attack on me as a human being)\n\nAfter strategically picking seats so that we were both in lit portions of the table we decided to peruse the menu. The first thing that became clear was that this is a far smaller menu than the original Reds with more of a focus on the casual items from Reds. After an elongated wait I ordered The Stockton St Club, my girlfriend got The Southern Thai Slaw and to start we split the Yukatan Ceviche.\n\n(NOTE ABOUT THE MENU: There is no \"Stockton St\" in Toronto. Though after a lengthy investigation there appears to be a Stockton Rd at The Allen and 401. Sooooooo, typo perhaps?)\n\nLet's start at the beginning, shall we? \nThe ceviche left a lot to be desired. Delivered in an old fashioned glass it was pretty much impossible to get to the ceviche with the supplied tortillas once we were halfway done. Beyond this glaring failure in dish engineering the ceviche just stunk. The fish lacked firmness to the point where it was essentially mush. The dish was mixed poorly with not nearly enough acid at the top and far too much at the bottom. As if that wasn't enough the kicker was the fact that they didn't even give us plates. But hey! When you're at a table like this what more do you want?!\n\nOnto the mains, the club sandwich had some sort of green paste mixture that I'm pretty sure in the freshest guacamole that Subway has to offer. This sandwich is also great if you've ever wanted to taste what a piece of rye bread dipped into a vat of butter tastes like. The sandwich was falling apart before I even took my first bite as the soggy butter bread just could not take it anymore! Needless to say I don't know what club I'm in after having this disaster but I want out.\n\nI don't know if there's anything I can say about The Sourthern Thai Slaw Salad that my girlfriend didn't say when I asked her how it was. She frowned and said, \"This sucks\".\n\nThere you have it! Don't go to Reds Midtown because it is just the worst.\n\nHonestly, I'd dump me too if I took me to a place like this.