We were fortunate enough to have lunch here today - on their soft opening day.\n\nThis is a rare opportunity in Vegas to enjoy plates prepared by a Michelin starred chef himself, not just by a name on its signage.\n\nEventually this place will be a kaiseki restaurant - a traditional multi-course Japanese dinner - of only 12 seats, but due to limitated availability of uncommon ingredients required for kaiseki, liquor license, etc. they will only offer Japanese comfort food lunch in the coming months.\n\nIt was a three-course lunch for $20:\n\n- First course: Triple layered vegetable soup served chilled - Seven vegetables in the first layer, soy sauce based brown gelée in the second layer, avocado and egg white with Japanese sake in the third layer\n- Second course: Petite Assorted Appetizer - Flavored edamame, marinated cucumber with sweetened miso, yuzu flavored shrimp, soy flavored Japanese taro potato, deep fried lotus roots\n- Main course (choose one from three): a) Chicken Rice Omelette - egg omelette over white steamed rice sautéed with ketchup, onion, green peppers, chicken, bacon and mushroom. b) Tonkotsu Ramen Noodle Soup Wok Charred - pork based ramen. c) Black Curry over Steamed Rice - traditional Japanese style curry over white steamed rice.\n\nThe first cource - the three layered soup was amazing. Very complex tastes mingled on my tongue, the potato-ish veggie flavor on the top followed by the sweet gelée, deepened with the avocado. All completely grated, but I was still able to tell the texture, scoop and taste individually or all at once.\n\nThere came the second, more traditional kaiseki-like appetizer. This time, we could see the basic attributes of natural ingredients were preserved, yet amusing presentation of craftsmanship was well displayed. The finish of shrimp was like what we eat for Osechi that would bring back old timey memories. Satoimo (Japanese taro) came with tangy rock salt. Cucumber came hocho-crafted with mildly sweet moromi-miso. Deep fried lotus roots had perfect crunchiness that played nice in the mix. However, the edamame was lacking the finishing touch. Not only that the flavor was nothing special, it felt awkward to pull out beans from the pod by hand.\n\nWe chose Omurice (Rice Omelette) and Tonkotsu Ramen for the main.\n\nAs much as I would like to say the Omurice was perfect, it was also pretty basic to be honest. Considering that Omurice has been less accepted in the US market, I can understand that the straightforward path is a safe bet, but for matured taste buds like ours, some you-cannot-do-it-at-home factors seemed to be missing. My personal preference is rice less steamed and eggs more runny. Also I personally like demi-glace sauce better, or at least the ketchup could use some twist.\n\nNow the best part- the tonkotsu ramen! I was blown away. I know it's like cheating to compare ramen elaborated by a kaiseki chef with shops serving bowls in every 60 seconds, it was the best ramen I've had in this competitive Las Vegas market. The broth had very intricate flavors, but was not too greasy or heavy. Quite contrary, the aftertaste was pleasantly light. Chashu was a little sweetened, which added a unique perspective. Typically noodles are straight and thin for tonkotsu, but wavy noodles used by Omae worked to fully enjoy this rich-yet-not-too-rich broth.\n\nIn the end, all those three (plus drink) for $20 was a well considered price point. It's on a high-end for lunch, particularly for local clientele, but is a steal for the quality of food and service.\n\nSome obvious opening day flaws aside, this place is very promising. I spotted some misses in the food as described above, but I will hold off my full review until they start offering kaiseki, a big missing piece in the Las Vegas culinary scene.\n\n4 stars + 1 for a forward looking factor.