AVOID AT ALL COSTS. 3 words to describe this place: UNPROFESSIONAL, UNTRUSTWORTHY, and UNETHICAL. I went with my mom to turn her lease into a purchase and it was a horrible experience that resulted in us walking out less than 30 minutes after arriving. My mom left this place literally in tears. The staff we worked with here (management and salesmen) are absolutely deplorable and should not be trusted.\n\nWhen she originally went there in September 2013, they badgered her into leasing car that was not right for her. Hearing that they recently changed management, she wanted to give them a second shot and head back to them to see if she could turn her lease into a purchase. Being that I am in the Commercial Banking industry, she asked me to come along to help her 'wheel and deal' with the salesmen and to guard against any shady lending\/sales practices. \n\nAfter talking with the sales manager, Jeremiah D., for several minutes about the different superfluous fees that he said were associated with changing over the lease, he became rather upset that we were not budging on our position. He then asked us why we didn't trust him, to which I said that he has not done anything to earn our trust because he has already lied to us about several of the exorbitant fees (which I referenced the lease contract and several AZ state statutes that I pulled up on my phone). To that he replied, \"Well if you don't trust me, then we don't have to do business with you.\"\n\nI was in utter disbelief. He was so angry that we were not going to let him take advantage of us as they had in the past that he completely shut down and became defiant. At that point, I told him that we were going to take our business elsewhere. The reason we came in today was because we had heard that the management had changed, but obviously that was not enough to change the attitudes and customer service of the staff. He then stood up and stormed away.\n\nFeeling very uneasy about the entire situation I decided I was going to try and call him later in the day when he had a chance to cool off, so I asked the salesman we originally worked with for his business card. After about 10 minutes, the salesman came back with a business card for Ren L., the Assistant Sales Manager. I took a look at it and, because I did not recognize the name, asked if the man we were dealing with in-person earlier was the person on the card. She said it wasn't and that the person on the card no long works here. That was the straw that broke the camel's back. After being treated so abrasively here by Jeremiah D., they had the audacity to give us a card of an ex-employee in hopes that I wouldn't remember his name after I had specifically asked for the manager's card. It was enough at that point to send my mom into tears. I was in shock. Talk about a parlor trick.\n\nNeedless to say, after we grabbed the Jeremiah D.'s real card, we immediately left the dealership. But they couldn't resist following us out into the parking lot, trying to reel us back to the table to negotiate (which certainly felt like a last-ditch effort to stop my mom from crying in front of other customers).\n\nAfter we recollected emotionally and mentally, we made a quick phone call to AutoNation Nissan Tempe to make an appointment to get it changed over there. They were able to help us with no problems and with no badgering\/shameful behavior of any type.\n\nThis is the most UNPROFESSIONAL, UNTRUSTWORTHY, and UNETHICAL dealership I have ever worked with. I am still in shock with the experience we received and I would never recommend anyone ever attempt to purchase\/lease a car here, period.