We came, we ate...and I suppose food coma is a sign of conquering the food for our moneys worth. I came with my cousins and we were in during the transition from lunch to dinner so we got to sample both collections of food. \n\nI like the interior...it has a bit of ambiance compared to most grill spots which like to go basic. The plus is the round non-stick grill. Some people might think it's weird that they only wipe it down with a paper towel, but really it's all it needs to get it clean compared to the usual grills that need to be replaced and deeply scrubbed. I like this kind of grill and the ventilation is decent here so I didn't get too much of that food smell. \n\nMeat is the game and the meat actually was a decent selection. The quality and freshness was pretty good. \n\nMy favorites: \npork belly- with a spicy marinate was really nice\nkalbi ribs- arent as fatty as other spots, more marbled\ntongue and thin sliced beef is always a favorite. \n\nCooked items- I like that the foods were more Korean prepped than how some do a Chinese buffet. Came for Korean so want more of those dishes. Tempura came out and it was good actually, but I got it fresh off the frying. Most were okay, but I wasn't here to fill on dishes- I came for meat! \n\nService- the service here is attentive and this was refreshing since most Asian establishments don't have this kind of service. The ladies filled out drinks, checked on us often, came to help cook our meats and clean out grill. The service was constant, but was unobtrusive and friendly. \n\nLet's put the things I have a shtick with aside- \n\nBanchan- some of the banchan was too salty and some during lunch weren't as cold and crisp as they should. I didn't get to have much banchan after the turn over as at that point I wasn't feeling it. \n\nRadish wraps- I love these, after lunch turned over, they took them away. :-( I would think this is basic like having lettuce or bean paste for the meat. \n\nI normally like chikke, the rice cinnamon drink, but theirs was way too sweet. \n\nPricing- At $20 compared to other AYCE for dinner isn't bad, but I still don't know if it was a pricepoint I was happy with. They have a much better setup, service, etc. so I get where they need to keep their price higher. I guess I'm just sad I didn't get a little dessert (they have fruit, jello). If I went to Wooche I normally keep the $4 difference to grab something sweet to wash out the palette from the heavy flavors. It's easy to say I'll come for lunch but the kalbi and the thin cut tongue and such is only dinnertime and that's a bulk of what I want. \n\nI can see myself come back for a few reasons- not as busy, I don't smell as much. I think I'm a fan, but I'm leaning towards this being A-OK so I'll say it's a 3.5 star experience.