I really enjoy staying here when I come to visit!  the prices are reasonable and the location on the strip is great!  the rooms are nice and clean and if you are lucky (or decide to upgrade and sometimes the $20 trick does work) you can get a great view of the Bellagio water show!  \n\nI really like the fact that it is in the middle of the strip!  just makes it convenient and it doesn't kill my feet as much!  one day I can explore one half of the strip and the next day the other side!  \n\nI also like being attached to the miracle mile shops!  it's nice to have options.  if you are hungry and it's late then Earl's is super yummy!  I trust coffee and tea from a more reputable location such as the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf rather then the unknown cafe downstairs.  If I need basics like water or chips I can go to the ABC store cuz there is no shame to saving a few pennies when you will be spending $10-$15 on a shot!  Lastly, if I just get bored (as I don't gamble or go really crazy in the party scene) I can go shop!\n\nmy reason for taking one star away is because of their pool situation.  They have two regular, nothing special pools on two separate ends.  there are maybe 10 chairs next to the pool that are free and the rest  of the seating are cabanas and couches for a fee.  the rest of the seating are a few steps down and away from the pool!  annoying!  I can't even see my stuff from the pool!  I would have had no problems renting a cabana, however they were tiny little tents (maybe 10x10..maybe a bit smaller) and they barely fit more than 3 people (we had a party of 8) with a tiny little fridge.  And all it costs for such luxury was anywhere between $325-500 depending on the season.  no thanks.  I'm not cheap by any means but if you saw these cabanas I think you would agree! \n\nLastly, just because it's 90 degrees outside does not mean that you make the pool's temperature below freezing! Slight exaggeration, I know, but I could barely get waste deep cuz it was sooo cold!  there was no way in hell i was going to dunk my head in that water!  I'm lucky and surprised I didn't catch a cold!  \n\nOverall, great place to stay, but if your planning any pool time at all I would probably look elsewhere!