Sometimes you're broke and you really want to save money. That means you look at a crappy apartment and think, \"This isn't so bad.\" Midtown on Main is that bad. My review reflects living on the 3rd floor in a one bedroom with my partner.\n\nThe parking and traffic flow is awful. If you live on the west side expect the gate to be randomly closed. A closed gates means entering a pointless code, watching out for pedestrians who don't want to walk another 10 feet to the pedestrian gate, and having to take a 10 minute detour over a mountain range of speed bumps. Some mythical people have clickers to open the gate. I got one of these clickers and it broke. I told the management that my clicker wasn't working. They said tough shit, took the clicker, and didn't give me my $50 deposit back. Also be aware of the signs that say, \"Mesa police is watching for stolen cars.\" Luckily my car was only broken into once and some Game of Thrones books were stolen. Winter is coming, you book stealing bastards.\n\nThe grass is covered with dog shit and garbage. The dog poop is neverending. People also let their dogs run from their apartment to poop without a leash or a person to walk them. If you have a dog, expect it to get into at least a few fights with rando dogs. At night is when the cats come out. Someone feeds them in the southwest corner of the parking lot and they have started a clan. Seriously there are hundreds of feral, mean cats that are inbreeding. I also don't think the sprinklers are meant for the grass. They are a nightly water show for you to slip on. You can always find one with a busted top that becomes a geyser.\n\nDuring my lease the apartments changed leasing companies. In an attempt to rebrand they started painting and putting in new light fixtures. While appreciated, the paint job was spotty. There were also key things missed. Light fixtures next to the parking lots that were never fixed. Guard rails that were repainted but not repaired. Crumbling wood beams that were just repainted. The new management company then had the balls to raise the rent by $300. My rent was $640, please don't pay more than that.\n\nThe pools are a joke. They are constantly closed for repairs and always disgusting. The single hot tub that services the entire complex is never open or it is mysteriously locked without a sign. For some reason one of the pools was filled in with concrete and is now a community area. The only thing that I've ever seen is drug deals. The recreation center has signs up from the old management company including one with the  promises of a WiFi password. Alas this is nothing but a cruel lie. There is a community center in the back that has never been open. It has never been open in over a 14 months. I did hear a dog barking from within it, so there is probably a dog fighting ring or something inside of it. The playground is really sad with its ripped canvas top and the fast food remnants that have never been picked up.\n\nThe management company is awful. Going to the front desk is a lesson in futility. There is usually one person to handle complaints, give tours, and help with issues. The maintenance crew is varied. They helped repair my broken A\/C unit in a few hours but then never patched a hole in my ceiling for months it's a mixed bag. You can also pay rent online which is okay, but the management company has changed websites three times since I moved in.\n\nThe apartment itself was constantly being invaded. Pigeons roosted on the patio and shit incessantly. I asked the management company and they just shrugged and said there is nothing they could do. This led to me mounting pigeon spikes on the rafters while hanging off the 3rd story. To whomever moved in afterward, you are welcome. I also cannot overstate how hot the water gets. Serious 3rd degree burns. Finally the cockroaches were rampant. I cleaned and sprayed but they were permanently infested. I asked the apartment and they offered no support and gave Burns extermination number. The only positive thing I can say is that I didn't get bed bugs. That isn't to say they aren't at this complex. I saw the Burns extermination truck every other day. The ventilation in the bedroom and bathroom are awful. It was usually 10-20 degrees hotter than the living room\/kitchen. Finally the patio had a slight curve that makes me feel like its going to collapse at any point.\n\nIn summation please don't live here. The buildings are over 30 years old and they show it. The management company thinks slapping a bright coat of paint on old buildings fixes the core structural issues but it doesn't. Living near the light rail is cool but live somewhere else. Also to the person who stole my books, who the fuck does that?