I played Red Mountain Ranch Country club a few times in the late 1980's  when I first moved to Arizona. I love Pete Dye golf courses and this one was no exception.  In the 80's the golf course was semi-private, meaning although they had a membership base they also allowed non-member play.  Hence my 2 or 3 rounds Circa 1988.  Shortly after that the course went all private and my playing days at Red Mountain were finished unless I bought a home in the community.  Since I was only 23 years old at the time that was pretty unlikely.  \n\nFast forward to last weekend. I discover that like many private clubs in the valley the golf course is allowing some public play in the summer time.  So after a 20 year hiatus, I returned to Red Mountain Ranch Golf    Club to find it in exactly the same way I remembered it, Fun! \n\nThe golf course was in pretty good shape for mid-August.  No golf course in Arizona is in great shape this time of year.  For golf course maintenance staff the goal is just to hang on and not let it get too bad.  I was impressed with the greens and fairways.  Again, a few brown spots here and there, but overall excellent compared to other courses this time of year.  The golf shop staff was friendly and professional.  Although it was 2 o'clock in the afternoon, the beverage cart was still making regular visits.  Many golf courses stop on course beverage service after 1 or 2 in the afternoon in the summer.  I guess when there are less then 10 players on the golf course it doesn't make sense.  But it was nice to see the beverage cart occasionally.  \n\nAs far as the course itself? It's rated at 147 from the tips and 131 from the blue tees.  I dont remember it being that difficult of a golf course.  Of course I didn't know what slope and rating was back then either.  It's a fairly short course being only 6600 yards from the tips and 6100 or something like that from the Blue Tees.  But lots of sand, elevated greens, water and other hazards make for plenty of challenging shots.  I used every club in my bag that day and that is the kind of golf I like.  My buddy even teed off a few times with 6 Iron.  I like courses that make you think when you are standing on the tee box.  Rather than just reach for the driver every time. \n\nLove this course. Hope to play it a few more times before the members return from their summer homes and relegate us weekenders back to the municipal course in the valley.