My family and I have been coming to Cowabunga Bay since the park first opened a couple years ago because it's close to home and who wouldn't want to spend a hot summer day lounging in a lazy river?\n\nOverall, the water park is good fun for the whole family. The attractions throughout the park cater to everyone. There are multiple slides, a decent sized wave pool, and a Kids Cove. Cowabunga Bay is really clean, which I appreciate. Food is available for purchase while in the park and the prices are as expected. \n\nOther than that, I think the customer service here is terrible. We visited this afternoon (4\/14\/17) around 2 o'clock and our experience today just put a bad taste in my mouth. First of all, the employee at the ticket booth was completely uninformed and had no idea what she was talking about. Perhaps management should spend more time training their employees so that they can properly answer any question proposed by a guest! Second of all, the female security guard working the entrance today was straight up rude! We brought my nephew's cooler with us and it was filled with the snacks he eats. The female security guard grabbed the bag out of my mom's hands before she could even place it on the table and started emptying it immediately. She was looking at my nephew's snacks saying, \"The baby is not going to eat this!\" Excuse me? How do you know what my nephew does and doesn't eat? That is completely besides the point. The point is, she went about the problem in the wrong manner. Her tone of voice was disgusting and her attitude was even worse! Yes, she is just doing her job, but did she really have to speak to us like that? There are a million different ways that she could've approached the situation that would've been far more professional. What is this? TSA at McCarran? To top it off, the male employee scanning our passes fed off of the female security guards energy and he was rude as well. Really, people?\n\nWith that being said, this will be our first and definitely last time purchasing the season pass option. I would rather drive the extra half hour to Fort Apache for Wet'n'Wild!