Arrived at about 1pm on the Wednesday. The place was empty, which should have tipped us off, but it was too cold to keep walking down Murray!\n\nOur waitress was courteous, but not terribly attentive. We ran out of water more than once and getting our check took longer than it should have. Not that big of a deal, since we didn't really want to get back to work anyway. We did have some problems ordering as our waitress was initially confused when we asked to order from the main menu during lunch. The front of the dinner menus has a few blurbs about the lunch specials and salads that come free with dinner and deals that are available when dinner is ordered, but the waitress didn't know what any of it meant, so we never did figure that out.\n\nWe ordered off the dinner menu because the lunch menu lacked descriptions and looked pretty boring. We ordered scallion pancakes, cheese rangoons, a chicken dish w\/ vegetables, and the braised tofu w\/ vegetables. The cheese rangoons turned out to be crab rangoons, which was very disappointing to me, but my companion said they were okay. The scallion pancakes were also okay. The entrees we ordered were delicious. The tofu in my dish was great, the veggies were yummy too. The chicken dish was ordered very spicy and that is apparently exactly how to arrived. Not a fan of chickens myself, I had to take her word for it. The vegetables in the dish were not exactly what was in the description on the menu, but my friend had no complaints.  \n\nDespite the slow service, I was all set to come back to this place and order that braised tofu again until I stopped by the restroom prior to leaving. It was just gross. Not the kind of gross that could maybe be explained by the last person being a pig. It was the kind of gross that comes from not being cleaned in a very long time. The sink looked pretty clean, but it also appeared to be one of the newer items in the room. There was grime on the walls, the floor was disgusting, it smelled bad, and the garbage can in the stall was the stuff of nightmares. When restaurants can't be bothered to scrub the bathroom every once and while, I'm left thinking they don't scrub the kitchen terribly often either. I swear I'm not a germ-o-phobe, but I will never go back.