The indisputable place to go in Vegas in order to get your Cantonese cravings (excluding dim sum) fulfilled.\n\nWent here on a Sunday evening and there was a line of Chinese folks filed outside the door both when our group arrived and as we were leaving.   This is always a good sign since discriminating palates of Cantonese cuisine are very much attuned to a dish's \"wok hay\", which is a transient flavor that a dish can only encapsulate for the first few minutes after the dish leaves the hot scalding wok and arrives at your table.  With the constant turnover, dishes are constantly being plated and are forced to be rushed over to the tables to keep the lines moving.  \n\nMy first trip here we ordered the following.\n\nClams with mint- kind of a misnomer since the mint is actually Thai basil, but this was a definite home run.  Clams were large and fresh, perfectly cooked, and seasonings well-balanced with Thai basil, soy, ginger, and garlic.  Another clear sign of a good dish is when one is almost tempted to take home the sauce after all the clams have been consumed just to top over leftover rice (someone in our group seriously thought long and hard about this but ultimately felt too shameful in the end)\n\nSalt and pepper squid-  a Canton staple (I've heard the pork and shrimp variations are also exquisite), don't let the name fool you since this is more like crack-salt and crack-pepper squid.  Calimari is a poor man's version of this dish as far as I am concerned, since the tempura-like batter just barely drapes around the tender pieces of squid, and one can regulate added bursts of flavor by picking up pieces of jalapeno peppers and garlic with each wondrous bite.   \n\nSeafood clay pot with tofu-  not particularly mindblowing, but a solid dish that provides flavorful pieces of fish, and pan-fried soft tofu, along with some napa cabbage, shrimp, and squid in a flavorful gravy.  The pieces are a bit large and not evenly distributed, and I have definitely had better renditions of this dish, so will likely not be placing this one on future rotations.  \n\nWill likely try to mix it up with some non-seafood offerings next trip (including salt-pepper pork, cantonese fried noodles, and perhaps one of the beef dishes served on a fajita-like plate tableside).  Prices are definitely reasonable for quantity of food, unless you are choosing a seafood dish at \"market price\" (what insanely expensive market are they shopping at?!)\n\nDefinitely a place to pacify Asian parents and snobby Chinese foodies from San Fran or LA, so if you don't fall under either category, you know it's going to be pretty damn good.   Have to warn you that the service can be a little apathetic and inconsistent, but as long as the food is consistently delivered with wok hay, I'm willing to let some things slide!