Be careful not to double tip!!!!!\n\nThe first time we came here everything was A-OK. No problems. I'm thinking, I'll come back again and review this place when i have multiple visits. Unfortunately, the second visit was the last visit for me. Our waiter took it upon himself to give himself a 18% tip automatically. We were just a party of 4 with a baby. I saw him do the same thing to a Korean couple with three kids. I cant believe he had balls to do that to a fellow Korean.  Some Korean restaurants I go to take care of other Koreans preferentially. C'mon, you know it's true!  At least, our waiter that day was an equal opportunistic,egotistical, person with an endeavor for shady business practices on all people. He took 18%...above average tip (typical for 6 or more in a party) for some lack luster service. He didn't even refill our glasses with water once.  Maybe I wouldn't be so pissed if he just took a 15% tip or if there was something stating gratuity was automatically added to the bill...guess he thought highly of his level of service though.   Hell, if he just refilled our water I would have given him a 20% tip. I was in the F&B industry, I know how it goes. Immaculate service earns 30% from me...easy. Maybe he thought he was the bombdiggity of a server or was just tired of foreigners visiting Vegas and stiffing him. Heck, I sympathize. Europeans and some Asians from abroad don't tip diddly.\n\nIn addition to the tipping escapade, my sister asked our waiter for a bowl behind the counter.  He was unnerved and said he would bring it to our table. 5-7 minutes later the bowl arrived.  He was too busy calculating and counting his tips.  No kidding! The bowl was right behind him. He could have just turned around, grabbed the bowl behind him and handed it to my sister. Unbelievable! I guessed that earned him his auto-tip, in his mind.  Could be a new thing in Vegas too when 5 or more are gratuity included now. Would be nice to know If that's the case.Nothing about gratuity is stated anywhere and he failed to mentioned he added the tip already.  Our bill just had the total. Almost double tipped him.  Good thing we fought over who would pay.  Wouldn't have noticed otherwise.\n\nAnyways the soondubu (tofu soup) here is pretty good despite only receiving a handful of banchan items.  If you do come here though check your bill first.  Or don't check it...maybe you'll receive average service and the auto-tip is OK with you.  I highly doubt it though. That guy just does the basics and delivers your food.\n\nI can't believe it took another bad experience at a restaurant to get me to write a review on Yelp again.  Geez!