I love Express.  I have an Express card, and I use it often.  However, I won't be returning to THIS particular Express.\n\nI guess I've reached that magical age when you buy multiples of things you like.  I always used to make fun of my mom for owning a particular cardigan in every color imaginable, but if I find something I like these days, I must have every possible variety.  I guess it's true when they say all women eventually become their mothers.\n\nAnyway, I found a dress at Express a few weeks ago that I LOVE.  My fiancé usually doesn't notice what I'm wearing, but this particular dress turned his head, which is a good sign.  I knew that it was made in a couple of other colors, so he suggested we get another one.  We headed back to this Express to get it, and I didn't even think about the fact that I was wearing the original dress at the time.\n\nWhen I entered the store, I passed by four associates who all started snickering at me and rolling their eyes.  I felt very self-conscious - I didn't realize why they were doing it at first - but I went ahead and grabbed what I needed.  When I walked up to the register, I was greeted by one of the snickering sales associates.  She immediately said (in a condescending fashion), \"hey, nice dress...\", then proceeded to laugh at me with another sales associate and shake her head.  Red-faced, I proceeded to explain about how much I loved that particular dress and just HAD to have another color, blah, blah, blah... but I was humiliated.  If someone returns to your store wearing something you carry, you should feel glad that they are funding your paycheck.  Instead, I was made to feel embarrassed and silly.  During the entire transaction, they were laughing AT me, not WITH me... because I wasn't laughing.  My fiance got so angry that he had to leave the store before I finished checking out or he would have gone off. \n\nI SHOULD have walked out, but I wanted that dress very badly.  Unfortunately, now when I wear that dress, it has bad associations attached to it.  \n\nIf an Express manager reads this, you absolutely NEED to speak to your sales associates about respecting their customers.  You have lost one because of their ineptitude and lack of class.