This is review #476 for this place???  Holy cow....what more can I say that hasn't already been said.\n\nAfter a day at the Convention Center, a group of us headed over to watch Monday Night Football at Caeser's Palace.  Thankfully, one of us thought ahead and got reservations at Mesa Grill.  Our previous plan of Nobu would have to wait.  The game was entertaining as hell and we headed over to Bobby Flay's place.\n\nI love a wide open room like they have here.  Much better Vegas ambiance than tiny little rooms.  Very simple decor with the tequila bar and open kitchen dominating the view.\n\nThe Yelp reviews gave me a great preview of what to order and my dining partners appreciated the hints I was able to provide.\n\nIt took a long time to get a drink order.  When I mentioned a margarita, I had to wait to get the special margarita menu.  How many ways can you make a margarita?  Apparently about 190.  The menu was ridiculous.  Far too many choices.  Geez, it's just tequila.  I took the waiter's recommendation and was not disappointed.  It was not cheap, maybe $15, by the time the extra options were added up.  It was delicious.  \n\nAppetizers were next.  The Queso Fundido (Blue corn chips and a hot cheeze dip) was wonderful.  Cheesy and spicy.  Tiger shrimp and roasted garlic corn tamales were just amazing.  Kind of small portions but the tastes were unique and complementary.  We also had the blue corn crusted squid.  Lightly crunchy with a tangy sauce.\n\nI had the blue corn crusted halibut.  Off the chart fantastic.  I love a simple piece of grilled meat or fish with a plain starch and veggie.  Here, you are subjected to a wild array of seasonings, toppings, garnishes, etc.  They hit the spot....big time.  A meaty fish that held up to the accompaniments.  Absolutely delicious.  \n\nMy dining partners had the pork tenderloin, duck breast and the rib eye steak.  Four dudes sitting around the table offering each other bites.  So very uncool, so very yummy.  Sides of spinach and corn rounded out the main dishes.\n\nWe split the toasted coconut layer cake.  Very tasty, indeed.  \n\nI'm not a huge Bobby Flay, TV star, fan.  I am a giant Bobby Flay, fill my gut with tasty food, fan.  Highly recommended.