This reveiw is for the catering food to go only\n\nI recently went to an anniversary party in town, and they chose to get their food catered from Salo Salo. We walked into the restaurant at 3:00 PM on a Saturday, and there were surprisingly four parties dining in. But we were here to pick up our phone order items: There were supposedly 15 people expected to attend, but somehow we ended up with 25-30 guests in staggered fashion.  And the food was still too much. Here is the stuff we got::\n\n- large order of meat only lumpia, with no veggies inside\n- an order of skewered chicken, beef, and pork\n- a fried seafood platter  with whole Milkfish (Bangus), fried calamari rings, fried shrimp, and fried mussel with two whole fried eggplant,garnish.  \n- meat lover's BBQ special platter (chicken pieces, BBQ bistec, BBQ pork ribs. \n- lechon kawali (cubed and seasoned fried pork with crispy texture and crispy skin with we Filipinos treasure), served with an all purpose sauce\n- large order of pansit (glass noodle pasta with chicken, shrimp, and pork. )\n\nOur order was ready right at the time it was promised, and it was  fairly well packed to travel on the road. They made sure the crisply lumpia had holes in cover, and it was only 3\/4 covered so that it would be vented properly and not all spill out.\n\nThe food was a hit.  Everyone, me included, thought the food tasted really good.  The two dishes I didn't like too much were the lumpia which reminds me of institutional style food and the pansit which had way too much patis (fish sauce) for my taste. Guests brought some other stuff, including lots of white rice, green salad, and steamed winter veggies.  My mom made some some homemade desserts (bibngka, a baked casava coconut milk cake, suman, a sweet rice and brown sugar coconut milk mixture which is baked and topped with brown sugar glaze, and creamy fruit salad with some tropical fruit and young coconut.). \n\nMost of the Filipinos in this party, including the older adults, are fairly skinny or average in weight (I'm getting a gut, however).  The food was only half eaten two hours after the 3:30 PM dinner start time.  How were we to finish this food?  Well, thankfully, the reinforcements came. They included my two half Samoan nephews and their father and another older nephew Mike who is 5'11 and 220 pounds.  They mowed down an additional third of the food between them.  My 14 year old nephew is 5'10\" and big enough to be a high school linebacker (which I think he is).  Mike is a former HS linebacker also.  No wasted food here!\n\nThe Food from Salo Salo, except for their subpar banquet, is delicious, and it's no wonder they have a lot of fans. In a sea of Filipino buffets, they stand out as a very good sit down restaurant and food to go operation.