WOW!!!! I am SHOCKED that this place has managed to maintain such a high rating. My husband and I went here for our anniversary, Walking in it seemed like a unique place with a unique atmosphere. I could not have been more wrong. \nWhen we were seated in the dining room we immediately noticed the dated decor. The yellow lights, and brass picture frames with pastel ocean scenes. It was like they haven't changed a thing since the 80's.We were berated by three different people asking us for our drink order when we first sat down, which was not only confusing but annoying. \n\nwhen looking at the menu we noticed there was nothing under 40$ which is fine I will gladly pay for an AMAZING meal. I ordered the fillet and Alaskan King Crab legs...I am going to emphasize legs here.\nMy husband not being a seafood fan ordered the 14oz boneless Rib eye.\nNow where to start, Our meals came with salad, vegetable of the day, and your choice of a baked potato or rice pilaf. First the salad was Iceberg lettuce but despite that their house dressing was still decent. Now onto the meal Our plates came out and I was SHOCKED and HORRIFIED, My 40 dollar meal consisted of a child's fist sized baked potato, which incidently was the best part of the meal, a pile of vegetables, zucchini, cauliflower, and black olives...yeah think about that for a minute, they where BOILED no seasoning and inedible. My fillet was tiny which was fine I was not expecting a huge hunk of meat, cooked perfectly but had NO seasoning and tasted awful. What a waste for that cow that sacrificed his life to be cooked in this place. Last but certainly not least my Alaskan King Crab leg... yeah that is right ONE leg. When she sat my plate down I just started laughing I could not believe I just wasted 40 on this. The server said wow that's a leg as if I was getting some deal. My husbands meal had the same problems no seasoning and boiled vegetables. Give me a break this place is a joke! I have never payed 100.00 drinks not included for food that was so terrible. I have no clue how this place is in business and I will scream it to the mountain tops DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY... Unless of course you like bland inedible food. Go to Red Lobster you'll have a better meal at less money. And that's saying a lot, I try not to eat at chains...