Words barely serve to do this experience justice. I say experience because I didn't just dine here at Momocho, I experienced Momocho.\n\nNormally at a restaurant, I'm hesitant to try what others recommend. I want to have my own tastes develop and decide for myself what makes something great. Here, I couldn't help it, based on what others had said was good -- everything!\n\nWe started as you ought to, with the Guacamole sampler and ice cold beers. The traditional was amazing, the blue cheese and garlic confit divine. The goat cheese lacked a certain panache, but, it was not for lack of trying. We nearly made the mistake of filling ourselves full with just the guacamole, though we calmed ourselves down, our voracious appetites begging us for just one more bite after one more bite. We sampled a margarita flight, and fell in love with each flavor. The tequila was amazingly smooth and complimented our traditional, pineapple and mango margaritas.\n\nAnd then, it was time for our entrees, and not a moment too soon. My wife ordered the machaca, and it was amazing. The beef was cooked just to the point where the collagen broke down, and created it's own sauce with the coffee and ancho, the peppers and onions. Our dining partners had the pato (roasted duck) and the bistec, each one as good as the last. I ordered the carnitas and sat amazed as hundreds of flavors danced across my palate. The green sauce was exquisitely vegetal and earthy, and the brown hot sauce amazingly hot and sweet at the same time. \n\nThe crown jewel of the evening was just around the corner, and I was ready for it as I looked my server in the eye and ordered the cucumber margarita.\n\nI was hesitant to drink a fruit I hate. I don't like cukes, and I doubt I ever will. But, this? This drink made simply of tequila and cucumber juice sang to me as I sipped it carefully. The first sip was as though I'd died and gone to heaven. I almost trembled and fell to my knees to praise El Santo, who hovered above us, just by the kitchen. I felt like crying out in a Harry Met Sally-esque embarassment, screaming 'YES!' over and over. And those who'd tasted this brilliance in an eight ounce glass would likely have forgiven my intrusion on their meals.\n\nI will admit that I couldn't make it to the fried ice cream, though I watched as my wife and our guests tore it apart voraciously. I wanted to try, but, I just didn't have the strength.\n\nThe experience was wonderful. Our server -- Eric B. -- helped our first time to be something we weren't expecting, which is an experience that while clueless, never felt as though we knew nothing. He took a few moments to describe the menu, and nodded with vigor at each choice, making each of us feel like we'd ordered the best thing off the menu. We sat just in front of the kitchen and watched as this busy restaurant placed order after order, the chefs never too busy, never too rushed, knowing that good food takes time and people would wait.\n\nI want to go again. Tomorrow. And everyday after that.