I was at the Mirage today for a trade show and decided to finally give this joint a try.  I should have known better when I saw that you had to be seated by a hostess.....what Deli seats you with a hostess?  Seriously?\n\nAnyway, I asked to be seated and she sat me at a two top table that had place settings, but the table was still dirty with small pieces of pickle on the table....gross.\n\nAfter browsing the menu, I almost left.  The prices were ridiculous!  I decided to stick it out and be a trooper and give the place a chance.  I ordered a $15.99 Hot Pastrami Sandwich on Rye Bread.....that's right folks.....that's not a typo....$15.99 for a Hot Pastrami Sandwich and it doesn't come with Chips or Fries.....FREE pickles though, which tasted pretty good.\n\nTo wash it down, I ordered an Iced Tea and Water.....the server didn't leave me any straws (I hate that by the way).....yet every other table around me had straws.....and I watched....nobody asked for them, they were just given to them by their server.  Maybe my server was having an off day....I don't know.\n\nThe food came out pretty fast.  The Pastrami Sandwich is your typical New York Style.......5 inches of meat that's impossible to put in your mouth.  Since my name isn't Joey Chestnut (Google him), I took a fork and pulled 20% of it out so that I could eat it like a normal person.\n\nBesides the complimentary Pickles that were awesome, the other thing that saved this joint from a 1 Star was the Deli Mustard on the table.....man was it awesome!  I doused each bit with this Mustard....which made the sandwich edible because the Pastrami was dried out and too chewy.  Also, the crust of the Rye Bread was tough....had a Beef Jerky texture to it.....what?  I've never had Rye Bread like that......maybe it's normal, but not in my book.\n\nI forced myself to finish it because I didn't want my $25 meal (Iced Tea was $3.50 for glass, plus tax and gratuity) to go to waste.  I'm not a cheapskate, but damn I can have some great meals for $25.\n\nWill I come back?  Not unless you're paying the bill.