Overall, I had a decent experience.  I rated the Phoenician a three and half based on the following:\n\nOur Arrival\nI expected the highest level of service for a five diamond hotel, but was very disappointed with the staff at the front desk.  We waited for 40 minutes to check in and it was apparent that the delay was caused by the staff's inability to handle complex transactions, without the assistance of management.  The hotel guests in front of us wanted a specific type of suite with an adjoining room and it took a manager to rearrange reservations and accommodate their request.  The associate watched her manager complete the transaction and then proceeded to assist us... did I mention it was 40 minutes later?\n\nThe Hotel\nThe hotel is too big and spread out.  The main resort building consists of standard guest rooms and luxury suites and the perimeter of the resort is lined with one to two bedroom casitas.  The spa is located among the casitas and was pretty far from the main resort building, where of course, we were staying.  The whole point of our stay was to have a relaxing spa retreat, but the layout of the hotel made us work too hard for our treatments.\n\nThe Spa\nThe spa was a bit aged and lacked the functionality and modern amenities we have all come to love and expect.  The bathrooms had very little privacy and there was only one functioning sink (the others were out of order).  What made it all better, you ask?  The MASSAGE and the SHEA BUTTER treatment!  Both were fantastic, ask for a guy named Stacy and you will not be sorry!\n\nThe Terrace\nMy friend and I purposely did not rent a car because we wanted to really relax and enjoy the hotel's amenities.  Therefore, we ate almost every meal at the hotel and The Terrace restaurant was memorable.  The food was delicious and the service was amazing.  My favorite meal was the Porcini Risotto.  It had a full lobster tail, two large scallops and small shrimp mixed in with the risotto.  I loved every bite!  Their desserts were also very good.  One night we shared the chocolate fondue and another night we shared the S'mores.  You actually cook the marshmallow over a miniature fire pit.  Delicious!\n\nCheckout\nWe had another mishap at the front desk.  As we were checking out, we requested that all of the charges related to spa treatments and meals be equally divided and put onto two credit cards.  Unfortunately, some charges were already applied to the credit card on file and the front desk staff refused to reverse the charges and accommodate our request.  Not a big deal, but somewhat disappointing!