Please don't be fooled by the hotel's website and \"4-5 star\" reviews like I was. The outside looks very old and the inside looks like it's a hip place due to the bar & restaurant but the hotel it's self was not impressive at all! And after arrival and check in we are told The Sky Deck is closed for painting....CLOSED!!!!! WTFreak!?!?!?! It's their biggest attraction and now we are told it's close????? Seriously?? \nThe lay out of the hotel reminded me of some ghetto-hacienda-new jack city- style, with the pool in the center so all the dope smoking fools can see you in your bathing suit! Yes you get free snack, refreshments, bottles of water, a personal Keurig coffee machine,  covered parking and wifi....and that is why this hotel attracts such shady clientele.\nNot once but twice was this group of 20yr olds asked to stop smoking in the pool area. Did they actually stop?? NOPE!! Finally we left after 10mins of watching that hotel staff not being in control of the situation. As we are leaving this drunk-punk throws something in the pool that splashes us and then has the nerve to say \"F*@# Bro, can you hand me my s#@*! back\". Seriously?? \nOur room was next to the elevator (should have know this was gonna be a problem)   Then at 1am we are awakened by  the most God-Awful laughs that lasted a good 10-15mins. This group of people decided to sit on the sofa's outside the elevator's and just have a good o'l time...AT 1 AM, RIGHT OUTSIDE OF OUR DOOR!!  I take medication to sleep and it knocks me out  COLD, so to have been woken up by all this noise, then you can only imagine!!!  Yes the front the desk was notified and yes they acted immediately but come on, seriously???\nDon't even get me started on  how dirty our room was. Looking around we found evidence that the housekeeping department won \"best effort\" in  the-motel-6-housekeeping-competition!  Who doesn't notice the box of caress soap sitting over the bathroom mirror?? Or the used sweet & low packets sitting next to the coffee maker?? I was too scared to continue looking around! I put my flip flops back on prayed that my immune system did not not let me down! \n\nDEFINITELY WILL NOT BE STAYING HERE, EVER AGAIN!!!