If I could give zero stars I certainly would.  I recently moved to the Phoenix area and rented a home from a private owner.  The property was managed by MEB rentals.  The entire paperwork process was a joke.  They demanded information from me that no company has ever requested.  Information the United States government never even requested when I joined the Marines.  They refused to honor a legal requirement by refusing to waive a security deposit for my Nationally recognized service dog.  I gave up the fight after a week because it was not worth the $250.  \n\nUpon move in is when things got even worse.  When I had seen the property it had a beautiful green lawn.  When I arrived on move in day it was COMPLETELY DEAD.  They had shut the water off all month and had the let the grass go to hell.  Within the first week I had my sprinklers fixed, repairs to the garage door, and a  new water heater put in.  The fridge that was supplied does not make ice or dispense water.  Missing cabinet shelves ETC.\n\nI had no keys to the mailbox and had to obtain them myself at a cost of $40.  I have been here a month and I still don't have a pool key.  Phoenix AZ in July with no pool key.  HORRIBLE!!!!!  Every time I call it takes them a few days to get back to me.  Every time I ask about something they pass the blame to another person or party.  \n\nWhile I normally hate calling people out by name, I believe their incompetence in this situation warrants such personal recognition.  I have called the Manager Brandi Walsh no less then 10 times and have NEVER got a call back.  While her Co-Worker Kaitlin Beisgen \"occasionally\" calls back, it is never with good news and always seems to a burden for her to do so.    \n\nIf it wasn't so hot out I would consider living on the street under a freeway overpass. At least then I would not have to deal with the nonsense and unprofessional-ism that is MEB Rentals.  If you have other options, look into staying at a property run by ANY other company.  I would rather stay at a property run by the racist ***hole Donald Sterling then MEB Rentals.