The Roasterie is one of those extremely alternative coffee shops.  It would seem that everyone who frequents there knows everyone else and they all have the same goal in mind:  to take over the Roasterie once and for all.  There are always so many regulars crowding the entrance and till that it's difficult to see any sort of order in the place.  They don't offer very much indoor seating so there are always a lot of people just standing around.  \n\nThe Roasterie crowd has managed to take over all the seating outside too.  There are a couple of large planters and benches in the surrounding area that always seem to be occupied by Roasterie goers.  This wouldn't be such a bad thing except that these people appear to be judging the hell out of anyone who goes in... anyone they don't know anyways.  It seems like a very popular place for dirty hippies and bums to hang out.  Perhaps that's because the drinks are cheap and they can loiter for as long as they want outside or in.  \n\nThe coffee isn't really that great either.  I find that even their light roast is way to strong and their specialty drinks aren't really that special.  I used to enjoy going there because you could still smoke inside, but after that was banned there was no need for me to visit the place.  From time-to-time I walk by and still see the same people sitting outside, in the same spot, drinking the same things.  \n\nWhat I do find neat about the place is the service window they have to the outside.  You don't even need to go inside to get your coffee.  If you can manage to creep your way past the regulars and get to the window it's an easy and quick way to get your coffee.\n\nIf you're brave enough, and are looking to have some so-so coffee served to you, then stroll on by the Roasterie.  You'll be sure to have your needs not met, and probably encounter some bums in the process.  If only they hadn't closed the Roasterie II that was just across the street.  That was an awesome coffee shop!  I guess people prefer poor coffee and a noisy, crowded environment instead.