What an awesome doctor's office!  Dr. Dunsmoor is great!\n\nSo I haven't really had a regular doctor for a few years.  Luckily I don't get sick often and just haven't needed to visit a regular doctor in a while.  I am a mom now though, so I figured it is time I start doing regular checks just to make sure everything running the way it needs to, so I am around for my little one.  My hubby has actually been going to Dr. Dunsmoor for a while now and recommended I check him out to become my regular doctor.  My hubby had only said great things about this office, so I went with his suggestion.  I am so glad I listened to him on this too!  Let me tell you why...\n\nMy favorite part of my visit was that I actually got called back at my appointment time!  Like right on the dot 1:45 and they called me back.  I don't think that has ever happened at any medical appointment I have ever been to, EVER.  I told my husband and he told me it is always like that when he goes as well.  So major points on being on time.\n\nMy second part was when I was called back, I did everything with the nurse and she then set me in my room.  She said the doctor would be in in a couple of minutes, so I got out my magazine to check up on the gossip because I figured I would be waiting awhile, like every other doctor's office.  Before I even finished the first page, Dr. Dunsmoor walked in.  Again, I was totally shocked.  A doctor that is onetime!!!! Amazing!\n\nDr. Dunsmoor was also a refreshing change to my regular doctor experiences.  He is a very gentle guy and speaks with you, not at you.  We talked about the things I had on my mind and he answered everything and explained it all in regular English, so it was all easy to understand.  He made me feel important to him and valued.  I am used to rushed HMO visits, so this was a huge change for me and I loved it!  Dr. Dunsmoor is a younger doctor, so he seems like he is up to date on new information and techniques.  My whole experience was just great!\n\nI would recommend this office and Dr. Dunsmoor to anyone who needs a doctor.  The office staff is very nice and friendly.  They operate like a well oiled machine, so your office visit runs smoothly.  The nurses are friendly and helpful.  Dr. Dunsmoor is a wonderful.  He even looks a little like Jesus, so that doesn't hurt either!  And most importantly, you are important to them, not just a paycheck!  If you need a new doctor or looking for a good one in this neighborhood, do check out Horizon View Medical Center and see Dr. Dunsmoor!