Finally got my hands on this pizza.........a little back story, first!\n\nAbout 5 months ago, I was sitting at work, about to go to lunch, and a pizza craving hit (pizza cravings hit me ALL THE DAMN TIME...but I need to have some self restraint or I would be eating pizza every day and weigh 500lbs.)!  I had been to most of the \"good\" pizza joints near work and I kind of wanted to try something new.  Enter Red Devil.  I looked up their website online, picked up the phone and placed an order for a small cheese pizza.  The guy told me it would be about 25 minutes.  That was perfect timing since Red Devil is about a 20-25 minute drive from work.  I get down there, park, go up to the take out window and give them my number.  The guy looks at me and says, \"You never ordered a pizza...we don't have that number in our system, plus, I was the one taking orders for the last hour and we don't have your pizza\".  I know for damn sure I ordered it, had my number, drove all the way down here and was not hallucinating on ordering a pizza!  I show the guy my phone with Red Devils number on it and my minute long conversation.  He goes, \"Um...yeah...that's the Red Devil down on McDowell\".  My dumb ass ordered it at the wrong location.  I felt like such an idiot!  The dude was like, \"No worries man, I can whip you up a pizza in about 15 minutes\".  I passed because it would have been pushing the limits of my lunch break and I sadly walked away with my tail between my legs and with no damn pizza!  Bummer!   Fast forward to today.........\n\nI called the correct number this time, and placed my order for a small cheese pizza with fresh garlic.  The guy said it would be ready in about 25 minutes so I drove down Bell to capture my pizza.  I walked up to the window, gave the guy my order number and he handed over my pie.  A small (10 inch...that's what she said!) pizza with garlic came out to $8.64.  I gave him $10.00 and told him to keep the change.  I took this pizza out to my car and dug in.  Here is how it was...............\n\nSmall 10\" pizza-  I opened the box and was impressed with what I saw.  It was cut into 6 small slices and it smelled great.  It had a ton of melted mozzarella as well as globs of minced garlic everywhere!  The crust had a nice little char\/brown to it and you could tell it just came fresh out of the oven.  I picked up a slice and took a bite.  HOT AS A MOFO!  I should have let this thing cool down a bit.  The flavors were so good though, I didn't give a shit and motored through that first piece burning the roof of my mouth as I went.  Good cheese (a tad greasy), great tasting sauce and a ton of garlic did this pizza right!  The best part of this pizza was the crust!  It's a medium\/thin dough..more on the thinner side but with a little \"body\" to it.  Right when I bit in, I knew it was great!  It had a slight crispy crunch on the bottom and then enough of a doughy chew to compliment it.  I studied the crust and noticed a whole bunch of little air bubbles in the dough.  I LOVE dough like that!  It's almost like eating fresh baked bread out of the oven.  It was mighty fine pizza dough and crust!  I mowed down my 6 slices in a matter of minutes and was sad when I was chewing my last piece of that amazing crust!  I would put this crust up there with La Grande Orange as being my favorite in Phoenix (strictly on crust rating\/preference).  Both places have the same type of texture, and both places are absolutely fantastic!\n\nOverall, I thought it was pretty damn good.  Red Devils have been around since the 60's and I can definitely see why.  I would not hesitate to come back for another pizza (Their Mediterranean pizza sounds awesome) and can hopefully make it through some of their other menu items, too.  Add this to the list of another great pizza joint in Phoenix!  It was great and with a few more visits, I can definitely see this becoming a 5 star joint!