One of the best mainstream theaters in Toronto! It used to be called the Paramount Movie Theatre before Paramount got bought out and decided to sell its properties, including Paramount's Canada's Wonderland. However that is for another review but it explains the massive Klingon Bird of Prey hanging on top of the lonnngggg escalators which take you what must be the fifth floor of this massive theater. \n\nMy little secret: I used to have my own sort of VIP service since almost no one knew about this, there used to be ONE (1) lonely automated ticket machine on the theater floor which was always empty so I used to by-pass the long line ups, go straight up and buy my tickets and walk right in. No waiting. Ever. However since hardly anyone ever used it, I think they wised up and had removed it last time I was there. Boo. \n\nThe view from here is high and stunning and so are the prices for absolutely EVERYTHING. In fairness, we all already knew this because we all know that old theatre motto: \"Movie theaters, where water and corn syrup costs 4 times more than gasoline... and we are proud of it!\"\n\nSo, Concession Stand Rape aside, I must say I like this theater for the simple reason that it is centrally located and as such, a nice healthy walk from the subway during the Summer and a convenient trip during the Winter.\n\nThe theatre's screens themselves are nice, even the small ones are a good size and of course watching 3D movies can be both exhilarating to the senses and to your wallet since they are about $18 per ticket. Warning: You both may feel a bit spent after watching one.\n\nTheir lounge is a non sequitur in the concept of the lounge. As it lacks a 'cool' or heck, even a 'bar' vibe that all bars or lounges need in order to be called one. Since no one wants to hangout and have a drink at an overly illuminated, open concept bar\/lounge within earshot of kids screaming: 'This is Spartaaaaaaa!' ...or whatever catchphrase is hot at the time along an invasive smell of popcorn and Taco Bell lingering like a bad mother-in-law. Unless you have a drinking problem, at which point I would question not only your taste in bars but also if you are possibly neglecting your weekly AA meeting.\n\nLastly, to the name... \"Scotia Bank Theatre?\" Really? At this pace I will be looking for the Canada Trust Sperm Bank \"They are open late\" and RBC buying out LavaLife 'cause... screw it, why not? \n\nThere are some movies which really deserve the big screen treatment and this is a great venue for them, however if I can, I really prefer to support my local movie theatres first.\n \nFun Fact: There is also a Scotiabank Theatre in Vancouver. OMG, they have found a way to breed!