**Since the owners deleted my first Review (guess something hit a little too close to home, huh?) I will write another one. I will say that if they deleted my review (and another I left on Urbanspoon) it begs the question of how many others they didn't like that they simply deleted.**\n\nThe behavior of the employees here should seriously be turned into SNL. It's just that funny. My friend and I went into this place for the first (and last) time and I ordered a soy latte and paid for it. My friend asked if she could have steamed milk and Earl Grey to steep. The manager (apparently they are all part-managers there) snootily replied that he would not do that because there is no recipe for it (yes...he needed a recipe for steamed milk) and they don't fulfill requests they do not have recipes for. We were both a bit perplexed at both his immediate snotty response and why he could steep the tea in water, but not milk. So we asked why this couldn't be done and honestly I thought maybe he mis-heard us and if we explained it he would catch on that it's simply replacing water with milk (although reading the other reviews these folks funnily have milk-bigotry...again...SNL would totally dig this). He interrupted us and rudely said he would not do it and repeated about 3x that she could have a chai tea latte (unbelievably). So she said nicely to him (my friend believes in killing with kindness. I on the other hand do not) that he should try it sometime, it's really good. He snickered and very condescendingly said \"Yeah, I have.\" Like \"Yeah I have and only an illiterate, hick nobody like you would make such a preposterous suggestion.\" It was so condescending and rude. So she walked to the cooler to get a bottle of water. She thought the register was down at the end of the counter and began walking past him and he screamed in front of all the other customers \"THAT'S $1.50!!!\" So she calmly walked over and paid. I walked down to get my latte and began asking the gal that was making the beverages, if I had asked for a cup of steamed milk from her, would she have fulfilled my request. Right in the middle of her very confused look at me like \"Ummm...yeah\" one of the other employees walked over and told her not to answer my questions and just to keep fulfilling orders. REALLY?? So not only are the employees there incredibly rude and pretentious but they have such control over the other \"managers\" that they can tell them to whom they are permitted to speak and to whom they are not??? I was just floored. So I ignored him, of course, and ask her again. She said \"Ummm..yes\" again like \"Are you serious? Why are you even asking me this? A cup of steamed milk. Sure. Duh.\" And I asked if I had asked her for Earl Grey to steep in it would she have accommodated me? Same confused answer from her. And just to be clear: we were not rude in anyway. Exasperated and bewildered, yes. Rude, no. We never raised our voices, we were never once disrespectful. We were truly baffled as to what boorish request we made that would elicit such an insulting and crude response from not 1 but 2 employees.\n\nThis experience was beyond words. It was incredible how rude, pretentious and all-knowing this bunch thought they were. Their establishment puts a black mark on what Pittsburgh businesses are all about and what we represent. And as you'll see, every bad review they have received here is all for the same reason: rude customer service. Please please please spend your $$ elsewhere. I know Starbucks is like feeding \"the machine\" but at least they are kind and don't make their customers feel like idiots. Also--for the $$ you charge the size of your drinks are a joke. You should feel embarrassed every time you pass a cup over the counter to a customer.\n\nI am all for having a healthy sense of pride and commitment to your job but this is just wayyyyyy overboard. The coffee is ok but it's not worth the attitude. There is actually a review (if the owner didn't remove it already) from a woman that was actually so intimidated by their rude behavior she didn't even have the nerve to ask for sugar. The actual word she used was \"scared\". No.Joke. \n\nMy hope one day is walk by the corner 21st St. and Smallman and see a new coffee shop there with new owners that are kind, accommodating and treat their customers with respect and courtesy.