When I hear the name Giuseppe I picture a little old man in the kitchen making spaghetti and meatballs like his grandmother used to make. So I was surprised when I found out that there isn't anyone named Giuseppe working in the back, though this wasn't the only surprise of the evening. The other little curve ball was a little embarrassing, we were scrambling to scrape together enough money to pay the bill, Ristorante Giuseppe only takes cash. However, this little stumble did not interfere with the food nor the fantastic service and hospitality we received. \n\nRistorante Giuseppe is what a mom and pop independent restaurant is all about. The charismatic father runs the front of the house, the sons are the servers and mom makes all of the desserts. The father Pasquale interacts with everyone, he's so warm and welcoming it was like going to a friends home for dinner. While they do not serve liquor, you're more than welcome to bring your own beer and wine to accompany your dinner and no corkage fee, unbelievable. \n\nThe menu is filled with classic Italian-American dishes and as well as assorted daily specials. Our server was telling us about the specials and noticed that his eyes were steel blue. I'm not sure how long he was talking to us but as soon as he walked away my trance was broken; I have no idea what he said. I can be such a dork.\n\nOnce you place your order you're brought out a basket of warm bread with garlic butter, I love little touches like this. Just be careful not to fill up on the fluffy bread, there's so much in store starting with the deliciously simple Eggplant Rollatini ($9.75). Slices of eggplant are lined with cheese, covered in bread crumbs and pan fried, then the roll ups are covered with tomato sauce and cheese. Or if you loved stewed peppers and onions try the Peperonata ($6.95), a great combination of sweet, savory with just a hint of spice. \n\nMy dining companions filled me in on the nightly specials which ended up being a couple of pasta dishes. The first was the Peppino Special ($15.95), a mix of tube pasta, alfredo and tomato sauces with meatballs, chicken and sausage then covered with cheese and baked. Another was the big brother to the tortellini called Tortelloni ($15.95), a large ring shaped pasta, filled with meat then again covered in sauce, cheese and baked. Do you see the trend here? Baked pasta dishes are so hearty and satisfying; no wonder the other patrons looked so happy. \n\nAlong side we also had Sausages ($1.95) and Meatballs ($1.95) which were platted as a clever homage to the maleness of the restaurant, with just a little bit of cream sauce on the tip of each sausage, well you get the idea. \n\nDesserts were as comforting and homey like the creamy smooth Cheesecake ($3.95) which ended up being one of the best slices of cheesecake I've had in a very long time. Not being a fan of Cannoli ($3.95) Id have to say that they turned me into a believer. Its ricotta filling was so light and airy with just the right amount of chocolate chips and a pastry shell that was crisp without a trace of greasiness. \n\nGenuine and honest, Ristorante Giuseppe is a neighborhood gem that I wish was in my neighborhood.