I had a weird feeling from the beginning - should have trusted my gut. \nI called to make an appointment, Dr. Cramer answered (that's a first), asked if I could come in Monday and  if I could pay in cash. I was slightly taken aback by a request for a cash-only payment, but decided to chalk it up to a \"small business owner\" type of situation. On visiting the office I realized why he answered the phone. There was no receptionist; it was just him. Even after all the signs, I proceeded. After I was numb enough for the Juvederm injection (the numbing being a normal procedure), he disappeared out of the room and returned with a syringe. I was suspicious that the needle was not in a sealed package and unwrapped in front of me. Any other time I have had this procedure done, this step was taken to ensure sterility. After the first injection there was no more wondering;  I knew that something was off. Normally these injections are of a very thick consistency; usually needing to be slowly massaged into the injection area. I have had them enough to know how they are supposed to feel. The injection from him, though, immediately caused the inside of my lip to bubble up. It was a very unfamiliar and uncomfortable feeling (almost like the Juvederm had been diluted with something else) - so uncomfortable that it immediately alarmed me and I pulled back from him. I calmly told him I was too nervous to continue with the injection, as something with it did not feel normal. I explained that I was first nervous that he did not open the needle from a sterile package in front of me, and now that the injection did not feel right at all. He immediately became angry and defensive; he began shouting at me about how experienced and trustworthy he was. In the midst of the commotion he produced another Juvederm box, opened the lid and presented a loose syringe shuffling about, again without any sterile packaging. He was unprofessional, and went out of his way to make me feel not only stupid for expressing concerns, but also inferior to him because he is the educated and experienced one.   I commented on his angry\/unprofessional demeanor, to which he then vigorously tossed the open syringe on the counter, \"there goes $300. Are you going to pay for that one too?!\" I grabbed my bag and hurried out while his voice trailed down the hallway yelling miscellaneous angry comments at me. \nI will NEVER return here, and I suggest that anyone who is considering giving it a shot heed my warning. Not only was this the worst doctor\/patient experience I had ever had, it was one of the most comfortable experiences I have had with a business in general.