So what's the nutshell on this place? Expensive, extensive beer list. Limited bar-esque menu. Loud. Good service. The biggest soft pretzel in Cleveland.\n\nWant more? Read on.\n\nHoly $8 beers, Batman. I've never seen such an overpriced draught list in the Cleveland area. OK, maybe at Oak Barrel in Valley View, but this is pretty near the top. I get it, supply and demand, right? You've got a limited amount of something so you don't want to sell it. That must be it. Don't get me wrong, the beer list in this place is of monstrous proportions. 50 taps, what seems like an endless list of bottles and cans (stick with the latter if you're looking for beers closer to $5). It's basically what the World of Beer does, too (RIP Lakewood). I was surprised when one of the bartenders came over to me after about two minutes and asked me if I knew what I wanted. I'm only on chapter 3, man! Another thing, kudos to them for the detail and organization of the beer list. I've harped on places before for not having enough info. These guys err on the opposite side of that fence. Well done.\n\nAs for the food, there's not much of a menu here, either. It's your basic pizza\/sandwiches kind of place, good for munching along with a few pints (and when I say pint I mean 12 oz). I see that others have mentioned that the grub's on the expensive side. I didn't think so. About $10 for a sandwich, $13 for a pizza that easily feeds 2. Nothing out of the ordinary. There are even a few desserts for about $7 each, although we didn't get around to trying those.\n\nIt was a Saturday evening. Sometime around 5:30pm. Pretty damn cold out, so the crowds were not all that big. We walked in and there wasn't anyone to greet us. We kind of wandered around for a bit before taking a seat. We sat at the bar and our bartender was excellent. She was very pleasant, quite attentive and kept on top of our empty glasses, always ready with a recommendation or simply to ask how we were doing. It was also very, very loud, even with a relatively small crowd. Be prepared to shout or sit in silence. \n\nNow for the food.\n\nNOTE: Sandwiches are served with your choice of potato salad, chips or slaw.\n\nThe Harvest Salad ($11.95): A mixture of fresh romaine and spring mix, halved baby heirloom  tomatoes, crispy bacon and goat cheese tossed in an espresso vinaigrette. What the? Isn't a vinaigrette supposed to have vinegar in it? It's even in the name. This salad was an oil slick on a plate. No acid at all. I was too annoyed to even ask for a lemon\n\nThe Pulled Pig Sandwich ($9.95): Nice, soft roll and the slaw added a sweetness that complimented what little sauce they had managed to put on the pulled pork. Yeah, pretty dry. The real star was the potato salad. Filled with fork-tender taters, creamy creamy dressing with smoky bacon pieces. They should sell tubs of this stuff.\n\n4-Hour Ale Braised Bratwurst ($9.95): I'm not sure you really need that long to cook a brat, but this was a tasty dish. I really liked the caramelized onion jam and beer mustard aioli and the baguette was toasted perfectly. But the chips I received as a side were sad, pulverized pieces of potato. They looked like they came out of a bag and not the house fryer.\n\nSo, in summary, Beerhead is a great joint if you're looking to expand your beer palate and grab a quick bite. The beer list is well-curated, features a great combination of rare finds and a healthy dose of local brews, and will leave your wallet feeling like it got kicked in the nuts. If you can overlook some minor missteps on the food menu execution and you've got plenty of disposable income, this is your place.