3 stars overall ... ignore the coffee and go for the maple butter tart.  The tart is the good stuff here! Also, Cash or Debit only!!\n\nOMG is fully embracing the gluten free and #Vegandale.  I read the mixed reviews before coming in.  This is an old bakery that have been doing vegan before it was an hashtag.  It seems cost and services were spotty that knocked it down a few times. \n\nMy visit was on a nice spring day just before lunch.  The spot is more of a take out spot as there's only a tiny bit of bar stool seating right by the window.  The bright windows does let in a lot of light to highlight the cute Easter decor they have going.  I love the cute flowers in yellow, lime green, and purple.  The display case shows off a large variety of items... from your full on sugar, butter, and flour tarts to the vegan GF items to nibble on.  They also had their croissants full stocked.  I did notice they had Death by Gelato sticker ... summer time gelato?  \n\nI would say that the one person behind the counter was polite.  I would also say she was not going to be able to get through the line quickly.  Within minutes of my arrival, the line grew to 6 people and she was the only one.  Seeing how it took at least 5 minutes for me to get everything done including my drink, Im not sure how the last person will get to their bus on time.\n\nFlat White with almond milk - I noticed the Hale Coffee beans on the shelves.  I like when a Toronto location uses local beans... we have a few good spots.  Hale wasn't my particular favourite but Im willing to give them a try this time.  I was very confused by this drink... instead of a flat white, I got at least 20% overfrothed foam on a very diluted coffee drink.  It was closer to a drip coffee with a lot of milk and foam.  The flavour was unusual too.  I'm not sure if was the almond milk or the beans but it had a very savoury earthy flavour.  I was not a fan of the notes.  I didn't finish the drink after a few sips.  1\/5\n\nMaple butter tart - I have a weakness for butter tarts.  With Maid's Cottage being my all time fav, I still try new ones in Toronto.  I loved how the crust was not a soft shortbread but rather a layered flake one.  It tasted nice... not too sweet but a bit buttery.  It held the very soft and gooey interior nicely.  I do love when the insides explodes and caramelizes as it bakes up... this one had that.  The maple flavour is prominent ... so was the sugar count.  WOOOHHhhhhhhh ... sugar high.  Though this was a more shallow tart compared to others, it let you enjoy more of the good crust.  I also liked how they didnt overbake so there's a bit of the molten middle going for it.  I can see why this one won awards.  4\/5\n\nAlso, I do understand the comments about it being expensive.  For both items, it came up to $12.  Seeing how I got two very good Pateis de Nata Tarts across the street at Brazil Bakery for only $2.80, it really highlights the price of OMG.  Yes you do pay for quality but I felt the drink was disappointment and lost dollars.  \n\nOverall, if you treat this as a place to find some good tarts, I think you wont be disappointed.  Just go a few doors west or east and you'll find some better coffees!