If I am dying then I guess I'll go across the street from my house to Centennial Hills Hospital, but if I have a choice or have an accident anywhere else in Vegas, I'm coming here. When we were looking for our home,we seriously were looking for a house in the neighborhood simply for the hospital. \n\nThis was a few months ago, but they deserve a review for our experience. BF had a ER stay from a random cyst that grew on his hip quickly then burst. The ER had only a handful of few people and he was processed quickly and taken in. The head nurse came in to see him pretty quickly to examine him and do the basics, put the IV in, etc. We were waiting not for very long until the nurse came to check on him and apologized but said they will be tied up for the moment because a major accident rolled in and to let the nurse assistants know if he needed anything. He didn't care, they got him all fucked up on some morphine drip and feeling good. Haha. \n\nThe next part was not so pleasant. The doctor came in and had to cut out the cyst from his side and pack it, but it needed to go. The only hangup is that the head nurse gave him a antibiotic (if I'm not mistaken- Bactrim) with a dose of Mylanta and the BF is very sensitive to antibiotics and didn't eat all day. He said the stomach pains were just bad if not worse than the cyst removal. Told them he hasn't eaten and they just went \"oh well you should have said something about him not eating\"..... I didnt think it was important so I can forgive them for not asking. I mean, would you remember to ask if you ate when it was 5pm in the afternoon? Most people are bound to have eaten something by then- but we are NIGHT folks so no. \n\nThe nurse instructed me on how to dress his wounds, what to look for and sent me home with a bag of dressings and tapes that is the sturdiest to withstand moving with the hip and directed us to make a check up in a few days.\n\nEven with the emergency that moved us down the priority list, we still got out within 5-6 hours which is not bad for minor surgical procedure ....other ERs you cant even get admitted in that amount of time. If I was near UMC\/Summerlin\/Valley\/etc, I'll get myself, even bleeding and all, away from there and come down here. \n\nOther than the ER, some of the regular practitioners are great here....we live in the NW and drive down for Pauline Chao, Internal Medicine. \n\nI say give this place a try if you're in trouble.