The Rosemary Braised Beef is every bit as mythic and mighty and marvelous as its now incredible internet hype would have you believe. There's a baguette that holds a generous wad of paper-thin savory, fragrant beef sheets that are cooked slowly for an eternity. Caramelized onion and horseradish sauce are added for the sake of sweetness and punch. That's all there is. It is a Philly Cheesesteak gone rustic and cowboy, the campfire aromas of this small establishment beckoning people from late afternoon to early evening. So yes, GPA does a 4.0 job of making mundane meats taste extraordinary in a confined space and within a quick-serve framework.\n\nI don't seem to be reading much about the desserts, though. I don't recall GPA selling them during my last visit. Regardless, my readers should give them your undivided attention. \n\nThe bill of fare lists 3 of which Kay and I tried 2. First at bat were the spectacularly scrumptious Panqueques. A crucifix of slightly scorched crepes, each rolled wafer resembled a tuile cookie in terms of flavor and chewy-brittle mouthfeel. Topping them was merely chocolate syrup, but filling them was a creamy, carnal, somewhat briny caramel that clung to the palate like a desperate lover. \n\nThe second sweet treat came in the form of Alfajores. Coming off as a cross between a macaroon and a Fig Newton, the trio of cookies come either with lemon or cinnamon flavors and also contain caramel (La Dorita Dulce de Leche). Soft, sticky, and full of sugary bravado, one could imagine having these with tea in more genteel surroundings instead of the gritty Strip District. \n\nApparently, Gaucho Parrilla Argentina fits the definition of a runaway sensation while still measuring up to the buzz it has unassumingly created. Who would have guessed they be the kings of Pittsburgh Yelp? 2 years ago on a February night, I was hoping they'd remain a secret gem. \n\nP.S. Outdoor seating is available now. Indoor seating remains very limited. Prepare to opt for take-out.