You know something, I give big props to Hayes for taking a risk of opening an indie coffeehouse in downtown Phoenix, the original Royal Coffee Bar, years ago when the rest of the area was a coffee wasteland. I'd gone to that Royal a number of times but could tell it was somewhat hampered by its location on the southwest corner of downtown, as it wasn't adjacent to any businesses (unless you call prison a business). They had a great product and a bright and well-designed space, and had that joint been located in a more central location, it would have been far more successful. But at least Hayes took a shot to add something to downtown when no one else was close to dipping their toe in the water.\n\nFast forward to today. The original Royal may be no more, but Royal at the Market is a great replacement. Attached to Phoenix Public Market's Urban Grocery, this location is as central as it gets. \n\nWHAT YOU SEE\n----------------------\nOne of the first things you'll notice as you're walking in from outside is the coffee roaster, many times with Hayes standing right next to it, pouring in beans and checking to see that the roast is just right. The guy obviously takes his product seriously.\n\nInside, the actual area where you order your drink is small, but well-designed in a contemporary way. Inter-connecting square shelves behind the espresso bar containing coffee-related knick-knacks, some art on the wall, etc.\n\nBehind this area lies the seating lounge. Some wooden high-tops with bar stools, some couches and laptop workstations, a chalkboard for kids to scribble on. This back room has been constantly going through metamorphosis, and I think will continue to do so until its configured just right. I regularly spot folks here both socializing and working on their computers - and with the music not blasted to 11, it's easy to get either done.\n\nWHAT YOU GET\n----------------------\nGreat product. I'm limited to soy drinks (or non-milk drinks like drip coffee, espressos, and Americanos) and I've never once had anything bad here. With soy lattes, you either know what you're doing or you don't. Soy milk is a beast to work with, especially if you treat it like regular milk when steaming it. However, Hayes and company know what they're doing and the milk has never curdled or tasted remotely off. Add to that the great taste of the espresso beans - rich flavor without any bitterness. I've had their drip coffee, which they make one single cup at a time, and is worth the minute or so's wait if plain coffee is your thing.\n\nMunchies at Royal may be limited to a few well-done pastries\/cookies - but hey, you have an entire market next door. You're not going to be lacking for anything.\n\nWhat you also get here is no attitude. Just an owner who believes in downtown and continues to contribute. The rest of his staff, some in school, have been great to banter with as well while waiting for your drink to be conjured up. There is a good sense of a symbiotic relationship with both the Urban Grocery inside as well as the outdoor public market on Saturday mornings and Wednesday evenings. \n\nANYTHING ELSE?\n-------------------------\nWhile Royal at the Market's hours aren't consistent across the week, and it closes on the earlier side of things, it is still definitely worth checking out. There may be a million coffeehouses somewhat spontaneously appearing all over downtown Phoenix nowadays,  rapidly crowding into each other's territory, but newer Phoenicians and visitors alike should know the folks at Royal were around first. They may not be the most flashy, the most gimmicky, or the biggest, but they know what they're doing.\n\nBest to these guys. \n\n4.5 stars.