I have a frozen treat fetish - the weirder the flavor the better and ice cream making is a little hobby of mine (though I rarely have the chance to make any). I like just about any frozen dessert, but it's the oddities that get me the most happy. \n\nSince it was our first time, we got to try a generous barrage of flavors. That was so awesome and didn't make it easy at all to figure out what to get. The \"odd\" flavors we got to try was a red pepper jelly gelato and a dill pickle sorbet. We also had avocado, green tea, strawberry thyme, etc. Stuff like this just makes my heart smile. \n\nI got a 3 flavor and my plan of attack was to get stuff that paired well together. I got a chocolate with pasilla and chile peppers which was nice with the gorgonzola pear which in turn was great with the pistachio. The chocolate was deep, rich and had a spice that crept up on you. The gorgonzola was gorganzola dolce which is a milder varietal and one of my favorites that we make into a rich risotto with, of course, crushed pistachios. This was a nice pistachio since it was the real flavor and not that frangipane tasting stuff.\n\n The texture is ideal - smooth and right amount of air, sweet, and butterfat. It's closer to what a gelateria would be in Europe and apparently Desyree has family in Italy with gelato boutiques so it makes a lot of sense that it follows the Italian standard. Gelato varies so much in the US because we actually don't have a standardized ruling to how it should be made and what can be called gelato. I find most places tend to be sweeter and I overall prefer this more natural tasting product. \n\nIt's a first visit, but the next visit will be soon. I know we're going to frequent this place. It just took a while since it's in a spot were normally not at, but since we found a special cigar hangout nearby, this can very well become a weekly ritual. The BF, our friend and I all loved it.\n\nI have been telling the BF for YEARS that a gelato\/ice cream with exotic flavors is something we really need and finally, here is the answer to that whim. I believe the hype!