Erik's Hauling and Moving provided one of the most bizarre and unprofessional customer service experiences I have ever encountered. They were late, unresponsive, and left us hanging on our big moving day.\n\nI called Erik's on a Thursday hoping to get a reservation for movers as soon as possible. To my surprise, they had just received a cancellation that upcoming Saturday, and we were given that reservation, which was fantastic. Whoever I spoke with quoted me $276 for three hours of service to be provided by two men and a truck. He requested the start and end locations, which were two blocks apart from each other in Shadyside, and asked if the apartment we were moving from was a one bedroom apartment, which it was. He said they would be at our apartment at 9AM.\n\nFast forward to Saturday morning. I get a call at 9:15AM that the movers are on their way. Twenty minutes later, I get another call from the movers saying they are lost and cannot find my apartment. I stay on the phone and direct them step-by-step, and they get to my apartment at 9:45AM.\n\nOne of the two movers stayed by the truck, and the other came into our apartment to assess the situation. Our apartment was one bedroom, but because we have lived together for so long, we likely own more things than the average one bedroom apartment would hold. We were also somewhat under-prepared and had some boxes that weren't taped shut, although we had some well organized stacks of plastic containers and had cleared all major furniture items.\n\nWithin seconds of stepping into the apartment, the moving man explained that the job was way too big for two guys and one truck, that someone had made a mistake at the office, that this move would set them too far behind in their schedule that day, and that he would have to call the boss. This seemed like a surprise, considering no questions regarding size of the job were asked, beyond confirming the apartment was one bedroom, but we figured he would call the boss and straighten things out.\n\nAfter 10 minutes, the mover came back into our apartment and repeated everything he had just said. He explained that we had too much stuff, they had too little space in the truck, that a move of this size would take an entire day, and that someone had made a mistake at the office. I asked him what that meant for our move that day, and he had no answer. He continued to repeat the same lines about us having too much stuff as if I didn't ask him a question or as if he didn't hear it. \n\nWe then asked what his solution was, and he continued to repeat the same lines without considering\/hearing what I was saying. We then asked if they could simply move whatever they could for 3 hours, as we agreed from the beginning, and then they could simply leave whenever they had to move on to the next job. We explained that we had no back-up plan, and had to move that day, so moving anything at all, particularly large furniture items, would be a big help. We even offered to help them load and unload the truck to speed things up.\n\nThroughout all of our offers and questioning, the moving man did not respond to any of our questions or acknowledge any of our requests. Almost as if programmed like a machine, he continued to repeat, over and over, that this move was too big. He seemed confused, dismissive, and determined to not work that day. \n\nAt this point, extremely frustrated and concerned that nothing would be done at all, we explained that we really needed them to at least move our couch, bed, and a few other items.\n\nThe moving man then explained that he had to step outside to call his boss. He went outside and the most remarkable thing happened next. We stepped into the living room and looked out the window to see him get into the truck with the other moving man and pull away. \n\nYes, that is correct. They ran away.\n\nWe called both the moving man's phone number and the office number multiple times throughout the day with no response. We had counted on paying for three hours of moving, and instead, the company showed up 45 minutes late, argued with us for 30 minutes, ran away, and then refused to answer our repeated calls.\n\nBecause it was such last minute notice and a busy Saturday near the first of the month, all of the U-Haul trucks in the city of Pittsburgh were rented. So we took the utility van and moved our entire apartment to our new house by ourselves. It took about 6 hours, but we moved everything with a few helping hands and no help from Erik's Hauling and Moving.\n\nI understand that one rogue employee having a bad day, poor communication, or a genuine mistake is not always representative of an entire business. I have called the company multiple times every day since the event occurred, hoping to get an explanation from the business owner or at least talk about this specific employee and the business practices. As if my number is blocked, the phone rings and rings until the voicemail message plays. \n\nMoral of story: This was bad.