If you're thinking about trying this buffet, DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME!! My husband and I bought a Groupon for this buffet for $46. It was buy one get one free and all you can drink. The cashiers here are super slow, now I understand that people with high level players cards get to go first BUT come on. It's not hard to take money!! When we finally got up to pay I found out my daughter was $19.99, she's 4!!! I guess if your kid eats pure crab, I'm talking pounds it MIGHT be worth it but I don't know of any 4y\/o's that will eat $20 in food!! The groupon was already purchased or else we would have left. \n\nAs soon as we were shown to our table I made a a b - line for the crab. I had to go to the soup area for a dish for butter. When I got back to the table I picked out all the meat from the split crab legs. I went to dip some crab in butter and it tasted awful. The butter was cold and gross. Here I am with some tasty crab but now I have to walk across the whole buffet to get butter. Now to this point I thought it was my fault, that I let it get cold. NOPE the next portion I got was room temp. at best. I said screw it and gave my crab to hubby who doesn't use butter. \n\nSo now I went to search for food. The only things that really stood put was the prime rib, lamb kabob, potatoes au gratin, and  mac n cheese. All the food on the chinese, italian, greek, and seafood area looked old, dried up, or just plain gross. \n\nSo the dessert area looked promising. Although having 14 different varieties of cupcakes seems down right stupid. They had flan, creme brulee, fruit tarts, soft serve, pre made crepes, and cotton candy to name a few. The 2 cupcakes I tried were inedible. They pre make the crepe pancakes put them in a dish and when you order one they heat it up and put mushy bananas or runny store bought macerated strawberries inside.  It was not good. The flan was okay and my kids loved the cotton candy. \n\nI left this place feeling like a dog with its tail between it's legs.  And I had a BOGO!  I feel bad for anyone paying the same per person here as Bellagio, Wynn, cosmo, or even Bacchanal. Again DO NOT EAT HERE go to any of the other casinos I listed that do have GREAT buffets. Oh man I'm pissed I wasted $80 after tip. And if you read my reviews I am NOT a penny pincher at all. I'm praying they refund my groupon lol