Nicole L. . . . . . . . . Where do i even begin??????\n\nSo the only reason I went to Longhorns was because of your amazing review. It was my best friends birthday so i thought, might as well take him to an amazing, perfectly cooked, juicy, tender, quality steak dinner.\n\nPretty easy to find as its right on Alma School, which is literally right down the street from my place in Dobson Ranch. Parking lot was pretty empty so it was a good sign that there was no wait and we would be able to get attentive service, or it was a bad sign of things to come. However, I like to stay positive.\n\nWe walk in and there isnt a hostess to be found. Its pretty dead, maybe 3 - 4 tables occupied that was scattered thru out the resturant. While waiting to get seated, i'm getting my hopes up because of your review and how legendary im hoping this meal will be. You gotta understand that this was my first real steak resturant that i have been to after my 4 month journey in Southeast Asia where they usually dont eat steak. So again, we were only there based on your hyped up 5 star yelp review. After a few min, we get seated by an actual server rather than a hostess.\n\nThere were 3 of us, we were all very extremely nopah. Since we were there for steaks and for a birthday celebration, the decision was made for the biggest rib eyes for everyone. So we all went with the Outlaw Ribeye, Medium for the lady and Medium Rare for the men. (From their menu: Outlaw Ribeye - We called it this because it would be a crime if you didn't try it! It is one of our favorites because of the combination of juicy marbling and fire-grilled, bone-in flavor. 18 oz. $22.49)\n\nAfter ordering, we get the infamous Longhorn bread. I am a huge bread and butter fan and can destroy a few loaves all to myself. However the bread was hard and seemed stale so we barely touched it.\n\nWe finally received our entrees and were ready to eat. Having perfectly cooked, juicy, tender, quality steaks in mind, this was a huge disappointment. Mine was cooked to medium, my GF was cooked to medium well, and the birthday boys was cooked to medium rare. The medium rare steak was juicy but not tender, the medium steak wasnt juicy or tender, but the medium well steak wasnt so juicy but it was tender.\n\nAll in all it was a huge disappointment. Service wasnt the greatest, but it was pretty average. Food quality was below average. Value isnt there. Total bill after tip and tax was about $92. We would have been better off going to Texas Roadhouse on Stapley.\n\nMaybe i just came on an off night, but corporate places like this should have a level of consistency, but to me it was just a waste of $92.