I'd like to personally thank Crop Bistro for providing me with one of the top three dinning experiences of my life--and by that I mean I gorged myself in every sense of the word on the most creatively decadent, indulgent and visually stimulating meal ever. Ever ever. \n\nJust a little tip from me, try to snatch up one of those coveted Chef's Table spots with whoever you're eating with. Maybe it's because I'm obsessed with cooking... or it could be that I'm a sucker for lots of personal attention. Whatever it was, this was like a Food Network show on steroids right in front of my face. All the excitement, the talent, the smells, sights, sounds--I couldn't have been happier. Seriously, a permanent smile was plastered on my face for the entire duration of our meal. \n\nThe service? Impeccable. Not only was the staff über attentive without being annoying, we got pampered to the fullest by the head chef (mastermind) of Crop, himself! Yep, we got to sample little shot glasses of bisque (oh.my.god.so.good.) and got great suggestions on what to order right from the source. Our servers paid close attention to every detail, as well as all the cooks preparing the artful dishes. \n\nShall we talk about the food? I have two words for you: Balsamic Popcorn. Anyone who knows me is well aware of my obsession with this fantastical snack prepared just normally with butter and salt. This was the best popcorn I've ever scarfed like a starved animal in my life. Honestly, I was a little embarrassed as I plowed through the large plate of this glorious dish while my boyfriend watched in horror... but not enough to care. The biscuits, bib salad with fruits and walnuts, all so-damn-delish. Simple ingredients prepared with local produce and a creative twist. Love. Finally, (as if I needed more food) this gloriously large steak was set in front of my lusting eyes and full stomach. Oh, you'd better believe I made room. Although I took most of it home, the combination of flavors, spices and potato-y goodness was quite an indulgence. \n\nSeriously, people--we are lucky to have Crop in Cleveland. There is not one part of my experience there that didn't top the charts. I say \"experience\" rather than meal because that's what it was. The atmosphere, concept, staff, food, everything is just phenomenal. \n\nSo, I guess you can say that I'm on the Crop bandwagon now, and damn proud of it!