I came here with very low expectations and a voucher from Wagjag.  I will say that there has been tons of negative reviews for this place and I was really disappointed to see them (especially after buying the wagjag!).  From my lunch experience, I would say it's marginally improved from the negative reviews but certainly leaves a lot of room for improvement.  Is it worth the wagjag deal of 2 lunch buffet for $13?  Sure... is it worth the full price of $15 pp? NO WAY.\n\nI'll start out by saying the decor and environment leaves much to be desired.  It feels like they just slapped up some walls and paint and called it a day.  It's probably the most spartan looking restaurant I've seen in a long time.  The space layout is not great and I was very surprised on how small the buffet actually was.  On the website, it sounds huge and filled with great things... reality says 'not so'.\n\nWhen we arrived, a fair number of people were coming in to fill out take out trays.  It was clear that there is a big preference for the chicken kabob.  That was out quickly and wasn't replenished while we were there.  The salad bar was fresh but not plentiful in selection.  If they count pearl onions as an item, that's pretty sad but it looks like they do to get their numbers.  Nothing was horrible tasting at the salad bar but nothing stood out either.  At least nothing was wilted or moving.\n\nAs for the bread area and soup... holy cow, dismal. It was really really sad looking. I'm not sure if it was fresh or not but they had like 3 or 4 sad looking bread in each container area.  \n\nAs for the hot area, this wasn't so bad.  Don't get the fish... it's pretty subpar.  Battered then left in the tray to steam... as you can imagine, chewy in a bad way.  The chicken kabob wasn't bad.  They used a combination of breast and leg meat.  It wasn't dry but not flavourful either.  It wasn't offensive.  The lemon pepper chicken in a stew fared much better.  Decent flavouring and moist but watch out for the bones!  The roasted vegetables were better than the steamed vegetables.  Better flavours and they weren't left to steam on their own.  The chick peas was half decent ... nothing exciting.  \n\nI was very surprised on the lack of desserts.  There was only half a tray of each item and there was maybe only 8 items at most.  Cantaloupe, watermelon, baklava (flavourless and stale), ma'amoul (dry), naamoura (fake tasting brick), kadaif (semi ok), jello (lol), macaroon (stale), and ice cream.  Definitely not worth it.\n\nI will say there's one good thing about this place... service.  The people here cleared the plates quickly.  Though they may seem timid, they were always pleasant and honestly trying hard.  They were young adults and just trying to help.  I can't fault them there.  \n\nSo is it worth it to come here?  For the wagjag deal, 7 pp isn't so bad but unless there is a huge change in the food selection or quality, I think this restaurant may not make it.