Ok so when I crave food it isn't usually Asian except for sushi! so when it was suggested we come here for a birthday celebration, I was in as I like trying new places and was excited as who doesn't watch the food network competitions these days and not know of this place, but I wasn't craving the food.  Lets just say the place impressed me.  \nThe chef herself came out, explained her story, her dishes and talked to us and wished us happy birthday, she also came back around and personally checked on us and our food later with more conversation.  Jenny was an amazing waitress and her support staff was just as wonderful.  People had a sense of humor and it definitely added to the ambiance of the place.  \nThe food: we basically went tapas with it and nobody ended up ordering sushi.  We had the crab salad (chef recommended), pork buns, duck sliders, street tacos and kimchi to start. We all shared and we all had different favorites.  I really liked the crab salad, it was light and fresh with good ceviche style flavors.  The pork buns were also delicious but the only criticism for any of those dishes is that we wanted more meat in the buns in balance with the proportion of dough.  The kimchi was good, never had with pork in it but it wasn't too spicy, maybe a little more kick would have been.  \nMain courses we got the ahi poke, chow fun, teryiaki salmon, lettuce wraps and egg rolls.  Again we all had different favorites but they were all seasoned wonderfully with good flavor.  The lettuce wraps almost seemed pureed though and I wasn't a big fan.  The sauces all came on the side and they all had a nice kick and added more depth to all the dishes.  \nFor dessert we got the yuzu donuts and the chocolate banana egg rolls.  We were split which we liked better.  The donuts had that light citrus flavor and weren't heavy, more like a puff than a donut.  They had good flavor if you like yuzu and the serving is definitely more than enough to share.  the egg rolls were great with a nice chocolate and banana balance with a bit of crunch from the egg roll wrapper.  \nThe whole meal was super delicious but because of small criticisms subtracted one star.  But overall I think chef has done a great job and we would definitely go back!