Had to see what all the hype was about. I had no idea what I was getting into though. Most people recommend  lampries so I thought I would give it a try. I didn't know what it was gonna look like but when it arrived it came wrapped in banana leaves. It was huge like the size of a big mac when they came in the box packaging (sorry, best size comparison I could come up with at the moment). After unwrapping the leaves it revealed the deadly contents inside. There are just so many different ingredients inside (1 boiled egg, shrimps, 2 different leafy veggies, little dried up fish, rice and some kind of hot sauce just to name the ingredients I recognized - there were other things in it which I can't even describe what it is) The first few bites were bearable but as I kept on eating it felt like nuclear bombs were going off inside my mouth. It was that hot. I was tearing up, my nose running non-stop and my face turned a bright red. Not a pleasant feeling but its all part of the experience. I came with my sister and she ordered a roti type dish which was stuffed with goat meat and hot sauce of course. My sister used a knife and fork to eat this and when she cut into the roti and reddish, orange liquid started leaking out. It was the freakin hot sauce!!! Nuclear level type hot sauce once again. She took a few bites and she couldn't continue any further. It was just too hot for her. So I had to finish it off myself as I hate wasting food. I was so disoriented by the hot sauce that I forgot to take a picture of the roti dish. Do I even dare to go back and order it again just to get a picture? \n\nEven though the dishes were very spicy hot, the taste of the food was spot on. So I just kept shoving the food down my throat. It just tasted too good. After a while I think my tongue got use to the hotness OR it was just numb and had no feeling. I myself couldn't finish the 2 meals and this is rare. But good thing the lampries came in a nice portable package of banana leaves so I continued the madness for dinner. A must try in my books as it is definitely a different dining experience and if you like things hot then this is the place for you.