I am extremely upset after our recent experience with the staff at this timeshare. We went in to the Grandview Las Vegas for a tour about 1 week ago and had the worst experience of our lives. This was the 1st time that our children have been to Vegas and we took a weekend trip there to show them around. We were told by the sales people at the Luxor that this would only take 2 hours at the most, however this ended up  taking 5 hours and significantly cutting into our weekend trip. We went there, specifically for some show tickets that we paid a discounted price for, not because we were interested in buying a time share. We were clear in informing the salesman about not wanting to purchase anything on the spot, however he kept pressuring us and would not let us go. They kept our tickets on lockdown, until our sales rep finally brought in a closer to our table for more pressure to buy a timeshare NOW. This person's behavior was extremely unprofessional, disrespectful and even threatening. He would not take no for an answer and when we told him that we were not in the market to buy this at the moment he got up, slammed his hands on the table and stormed off saying that he was going to sale that property tonight no matter what... he took our paperwork and did not return. We were left sitting there feeling insulted and ready to leave, but couldn't because he took the paperwork we needed in order to get the tickets we had already paid for. We were shocked that even after we kept asking to leave, assigned sales person wouldn't even get up to go look for this \"supervisor\", so we had to go look for him. by this time our poor kids and elderly grandmother were starving and exhausted from our earlier 5 hour trip to Vegas and all we wanted to do was get to our hotel to check in and get some rest... Needless to say, by the time we were allowed to leave this place, we got stuck in traffic and barely made it to the dinner show that we had purchased at the discounted price in exchange for the hell we had to endure. We were outraged by the way the sales rep and his supervisor treated us in front of all of those people and the ridiculous amount of our precious time that they wasted.  The name of this \"supervisor\" is Adonis, and I think he should be fired for treating your potential customers this way.  If you ask me, what we had to go through, is the opposite of what the Grandview supposedly stands for, which is to spend more quality time enjoying vacations with your family, which was the reason why we went to Vegas with our family, and they pretty much ruined it for us.