Greetings Yelpers!\n\nJust a quick update, it's been a few years that I have been a patient here, and wanted to make sure everyone knew this place was still the only dental practice you need to know!\n\nHad a checkup and dental cleaning last week, and like always- Downtown Phoenix Dental (DPD) was stress and hassle free! Easy free valet parking in the garage, a quick ride up to ground level and you are at DPD. You are greeted warmly and before you can sit down, you are taken back to the treatment area. DPD has a wonderful aesthetic with plenty of beautiful art. It somehow manages to be open and airy, but also provides a nice level of privacy, so you are comfortable.\n\nThis visit I had the best cleaning ever, and the hygienist was Audra, who has amazing skills. Audra was very friendly and highly efficient, she did a very throughout cleaning and I didn't feel a thing! I should admit, I am dental phobic, big time. I used to cringe at the thought at going, and honestly since I started going to DPD, that is all behind me. The care is so good and thoughtful at DPD, truly have no worries. Audra was super cool and had a great way of communicating what she was doing. Just a great job- and easily the best cleaning experience i've ever had.\n\nDr. Ben is a great dentist and greets you warmly and sincerely. DPD uses the latest in dental technology and that means less time in the chair! Dr. Ben reviewed my xrays and conducted an exam. I must admit, hearing the words \"Looking great- see you in six months.\" is hugely exciting to me, especially since I used to be full of cavities and problems. Since I got into a good pattern with DTD, and regular check-ups, I haven't had any problems, and neither will you. It pays off to take care of your choppers and attend your bi-annual checkups. \n\nThanks DTD, you guys are awesome, and make a potentially scary visit a complete breeze! If only the rest of the world ran like DPD- things would be pretty sweet. In the meantime for all your dental care needs, do yourself a favor and check this place out.