The actual booking experience was terrible - literally wasted hours trying to get the correct reservations over a course of several days & phone calls with supervisors.  Arrived early (10 am) and attempted to check in early - as originally requested,  to be told our rooms weren't ready.  Came back after using the pool for a couple of hours & they still weren't ready.  We had to shower and get ready for the wedding in another guests room  that was also staying there & got their room on time.  The manager told me she would comp part of our stay for both rooms & we waited for the call during our entire stay, and never received a follow up.  \nMy father went back at 4 PM to get a room key- and was told the room still wasn't available.  \nFinally got our rooms situated and headed off late to the wedding ceremony.\nDuring our stay there were large cockroaches in the outdoor bbq\/pool areas.  One evening in our room my husband felt something on his back - and there was a cockroach crawling across the couch & his back.  Our TV didn't work - a call was made to have it fixed, but no one ever came to rectify the situation.  The room was never cleaned (stayed 3 nights) and when we asked about housekeeping they said there was a charge to have the rooms cleaned.  We were told to leave our trash in the hallway - and when we did they took our trash cans and didn't bring them back.  I have never stayed in a resort where the rooms weren't cleaned.  especially when preparing food, etc. to have a dirty kitchen for 3 days is unacceptable.  It's no wonder there are roaches in this facility.  The desk staff was basically useless & their only response to our many complaints was that this is a\"timeshare\" not a hotel.  \nCheckout was a disaster.  I still haven't received my credits or a receipt for that matter.  I was told the credit would be issued & a receipt emailed.  Still nothing 24 hrs later. I will never return here or purchase a timeshare as originally planned. Terrible service.\n\nTV in living room of our 1st unit did not work - no one ever came to service it as requested.\nWe requested additional pillows - housekeeping called in the middle of the night after we were already asleep to ask us if we still needed pillows, instead of bringing them as requested.\nBathroom door lock in Moorea unit didn't work.  \nWifi didn't work on any of our devices.