Probably one of the worst day club experiences I've had in vegas... I was really excited about checking this place out after always seeing photos on daylights Instagram\/Facebook. Now the scene didn't disappoint. The stage is pretty sick,  ill give it that. I also liked the layout, huge pool and it was a pretty wide open space. A lot of dayclubs lack that. If there was an option for zero stars I would still give it one due to these facts. \nSo in all fairness if they were just understaffed I can appreciate that. Being a bartender in this town for 5 years that is one thing I can understand. But to be downright rude and disrespectful is not excusable. Here's how our day went\nOur promoter informed us if we were on the guest list there wouldn't be a cover charge with a local ID, and there wouldn't be any charge to anyone before noon. We arrived at 11:15, and there was such disorganization at the door it was pathetic. The girls were stuck up and didn't give the time of day finally a guy came over to the line (we were the only ones there btw) and checked us off on the list walked us to the cashier and told us there was a $30 cover. When I showed him the text between myself and my promoter stating there was no cover he said well sorry there is. $30, really not bad at all but being a local in town and also in the industry I am not used to paying cover anywhere. So we get inside the place was a ghost town. It started slowly filling up by 2. But was never completely packed like I've seen in the photos. And I've also never had so many underage girls come up to my boyfriend hitting on him either. I mean they didn't even check our IDs. I went to pull mine out and the guy just said \"your good\" this is a one way ticket to being shut down Daylight. \nSince I entered my email address I received 2 free drink tickets. My bf and I went to claim them and the bartender informed me I was not allowed to use them for my bf. only myself. So I ordered one drink and she asked me \"that's for you right\" I said yes and walked away. When I went up about an hour later to claim my other drink she said she was unable to give me another one. I still have no idea why. So I went up to the main bar (there is only one bar in this place btw) what a effing shitshow. After being skipped over about 4-5 times (this girl was too busy helping all the guys) I finally got her attention and asked for my drinks. She said \"you can wait\" she walked over to the other side of the bar. I was there for about 45 minutes total. My bf even came up to find me because he started to get worried. We finally got our drinks. 1 ciroc and soda, and 1 jack and coke. $50.00.  Yes you read it correctly. For single shot drinks they were $25.00 a piece. When I asked the bartender  if this was the correct amount she said \"if you can't afford to drink here then leave. (if mgt is reading this she was the one with long brown hair, eye glasses, and a white hat) I was so utterly disgusted by this remark. How dare someone say that not only to me but anybody. No wonder she was being called a b*tch by almost every custoner at the bar. I also witnessed her overcharge someone by $100 and said she couldn't reverse it so they were just going to have to order more drinks. Wtf?! \nThe DJ we went for was supposed to start around 1, at 2:45 they still weren't on. We decided to leave and wanted to grab a water before driving home. Went to the bar they said they don't give out free water so we had to buy a bottle. $8 a piece. Now it may seem like all I'm doing is complaining about the prices here but honestly that wasn't a huge deal, it was more or less the breaking point. We spent over $200 at this venue only to be treated like crap. I will never return. \n\n...we should have known better to go anywhere else then marquee. I also hope they get busted for all the underage bs there as well. Good luck staying in business Daylight, something tells me your going to need all the luck you can get.