Too many wrongs to make a right. Let's start with my short list of rights:\n1. Excellent location for what we needed - basically a short car ride from the event we needed to be at\n2. Lots of parking albeit in a dirt parking lot\n3. Average to decent breakfast\n4.There are balconies for most rooms.\n\nReady for my list of wrongs?\n1. Clerk at the front desk was NOT very helpful when we needed her to be, in fact she was a little bitchy\n2. Verified with her upon check in that we did in fact have a balcony. Guess what? No balcony. Had to come down and get a different room which luckily turned out to be a little bigger with a couch\/seating area. \n3. Air conditioning never really cooled the room down to a comfortable level.\n4. Bathroom is teeny tiny and you practically have to step back away from the commode in order to open the door.\n5. That balcony we wanted? Yeah, not so much. It's pretty much just a fairly narrow spot to stand and check out the non-existent view. Well, unless you like looking at I-10 or a strip mall. No seating whatsoever, just a spot to stand.\n6. My guy wanted to watch NASCAR on Sunday which was on a normal, every day channel (Fox) and there was no signal for Fox. Despite the maintenance guy doing what he could with the cable, it was a no go. No \"Boogity, boogity, boogity, let's go racing boys!\" for us.\n7. Went down in the morning to get breakfast and was told we had to have a voucher. Easy enough. Went to the front desk for vouchers and we were refused because we had booked our room on a different site other than Sheraton. Maybe that's the norm but whatever!\n8. The $25 incidental hold on my checking account which would release upon checkout (but we all know it often takes 4-5 days for that hold to drop off) was actually $250. It was run for the wrong amount and likely won't drop off until after it screws me up in my bank account since pay day is still 4 days away. The good side to this is that the manager gave us 2 free breakfast vouchers. Whoo hoo and whoopty do. \n9. Despite being out pretty much all day on Sunday, making sure our Do Not Disturb sign was NOT on the door and getting back to the room around 8:30pm, housekeeping never came. Luckily that was fixed with a call downstairs and was actually necessary because we had to get up early in the morning for showers and coffee and we had no clean towels and no coffee! \n\nI should have stayed at the Quality Inn across the street. At least there I'd get my free breakfast with no hassle and it'd be cheaper all around.