So we had dinner here last night; the service was slower than a herd of turtles stampeding through peanut butter, and I was even tempted to cancel our order and walk out, but we didn't.  We waited for our food and when it finally arrived it was very tasty, as is always the case at IHOP.  But the wait, oh holy cow that wait was something else...  I've been here numerous times in the past and never experienced a wait like that before.   They must've been training a new cook or something...\n\nAlso, annoyingly our waitress failed to mention that kids eat free between 4 and 8 PM and so not wanting to order a $4.00+ dinner for my toddler (who'd waste most of it by playing with it) I just had her eat off of my plate. We did order a kid's meal for our 6 year old son though.  It wasn't until we got to the register and we're told by the cashier told that kid's eat free every day between 4 and 8 PM, and that they'd take the cost of my son's dinner off of the bill.  That was nice to know after the fact, but it would have been VERY helpful to know that when we were ordering too.  That way I could have had more of my own food, instead of sacrificing about a quarter of it for my daughter to mash in her tiny fists and attempt to throw it on the floor. (I don't think she actually ate more than two tablespoons worth!)\n\nMy husband ordered the 'make your own omelet' deal with spinach and tomatoes and he absolutely loved it.  He raved about it afterwards.  Our son ordered a chocolate chip, smiley face pancake which he devoured, and I had the 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, 2 bacon strips and hash browns combo dinner.  It was all very, very good.  \n\nI'll tell you what, people can make all the high-brow comments they want about how IHOP is so pedestrian and mundane, but damn, they do pancakes PERFECTLY.  I'm not a food elitist, but I certainly know yummy food when I see it.  Let's be honest, I'm not going there for the hipster vibe, or to check in on Foursquare and take pictures of my food with Instagram, or because it's some cutesy boutique-fair trade-vege-soy-atarian-blah-blah-hip place that all the critics are swooning over.  Nope, I go there because their pancakes are delicious and their prices are reasonable.  You should go there too.\n\nPS:  Their new cook (if that's what the problem was last night) better get their act together ASAP.  When a die-hard IHOP fan is contemplating canceling their dinner order and leaving over the wait then you are *officially* taking too damn long to deliver the food!