Paul does some great work and is clearly skilled behind the lens. He has many great examples on his website.\n\nOver the last year or so Paul has shot a number of events for Yelp, many of which I have attended. Unfortunately Paul's professionalism does not follow in the same footsteps as his photography skills. Last summer at the Yelp Elite event at Reposado I was chatting with a fellow Yelper when when Paul happened to be standing near by. We asked him to take a photo of us. He flat out said \"no\". My friend and I laughed thinking that he was joking until he just walked away to some other people who he then asked to pose for a photo. We were left looking at each other flabbergasted and wondering if what happened really did just happen. I figured that maybe this was just a random slight or something and left it at that. I was wrong, as last night at the Elite event at The Gladstone he did the same thing to a couple of ladies, just straight-up said no when they asked for a photo to be taken.\n\nOver the few events I've been at that Paul has shot it seems that he is really only interested in building his portfolio, not actually being an event photographer. He generally sticks to a few groups of people and ignores everyone else at the event. I've used a few different photographers for events that I've organized for clients and never seen anything like this. I mentioned this privately to Vivek last fall as a few others I've talked to have also had various similar experiences so I thought I would speak up. Either the feedback didn't make it to Paul or the feedback was not accepted.\n\nSo some constructive criticism: When shooting an event and someone asks you to take their photo, take their photo. Saying no offends them. By saying no you are inadvertently calling them ugly or fat or whatever else that person might be physically self conscious of. After all, you're shooting digital; there's no significant cost to snap your shutter like there is with film. If those people don't fit into your creative idea of the event then just don't post the picture later. When people go looking through the event photos later and don't see theirs, they're most likely to assume that the photo didn't turn out.\n\nWhile Paul has done some great work and clearly has the accolades to back it up, you may want to think twice before hiring him to shoot your event, lest he may offend some of your guests.