The guy we signed the contract with and gave the deposit to ended up getting fired. We didn't know this and found out when that guy wrote us a letter wanting to testify for him in court. The month after we gave them our deposit we hadn't heard from them at all, we were sure we had gotten scammed. This was the beginning of us having to call and ask them what was going on. There was nothing about their schedule that was consistent. They didn't come at the times they were supposed to and we were left wondering if they were coming back and when, we would have to reach out and ask. They measured our bathroom twice and somehow still measured wrong and added 2 cut pieces of sentral on the front of our bathtub that was supposed to be 1 piece and left a huge gap between the two and to patch it up they put a bulky molding over it that's completely crooked. When I first asked why this had happened, Carlos told me it was because the guy that had gotten fired screwed up measurements. The second time I asked he had told me it's because our bathtub is \"off center\" instead of just admitting they messed up. I was starting to lose patience with everything so I had started to call Carlos to let him know I was unhappy with everything from the quality of work to the customer service and he said he'd call me back and he never did. The few times after that I called him and had to leave a voicemail and never got called back. This is just a little bit of how inconsiderate they were with us. Especially inconsiderate to the fact that we had a newborn in the house and they had me waking him up at 8 in the morning (after being up all night with him) to wait downstairs with him so they can show up whenever was convenient for them. One of the guys even came later than he was supposed to and I fell asleep with my son. He commented on my appearance when I had opened the door and said, \"did you just wake up?!\" and laughed. It had gotten to the point where we couldn't leave the house because we didn't not want to be here if they showed up and when we did leave we were asked if we can come home for them to do their job. They used our bedroom toilet, which is completely fine but they left the seat up each time. They left a huge garbage bag of trash sitting in our bathtub for about a week, empty water bottles and torn up shirts on our floor that my husband had to gather and throw away himself. Everything was done BUT our shower, the main reason we called them in the first place and I had grown impatient so I called Carlos. Then a guy comes to measure our shower and we had to wait for that material! A week later they came and installed the glass and I was relieved that they were going to be done and we can get back to our normal routine but the guy doing the shower comes downstairs and tells me it's done but they forgot our shower handle. I asked him when they would be back and he said, \"can we text you?\". 4pm rolls around and still no text. We had to call them (again) and ask what was going on. The guy didn't want to come all the way back across town for a shower handle. I called Carlos and no answer but I made sure to leave a message about it. The guy then calls us a little after 6pm wanting to bring it. Finally they \"finished\" the job and we noticed the whole inside of the shower wasn't even caulked!! It's a good thing my husband noticed it because I was going to shower in it. They had to come back and caulk the shower and (for reasons unknown) they started painting around the shower with paint that now doesn't match what we had originally that was fine the way it was. The next day the two pieces of glass that enclose the shower came completely apart!! My husband tried to fix it so they wouldn't come back and Carlos tried blaming us (again) that we used the wrong caulking, that's why it came apart. That they use a \"special\" kind of caulking. He had missed that his special caulking is what came apart in the first place. So the guys come back and fix the shower doors and we stood there and watched them the whole time to monitor that they actually did it correctly before they left. Before they were even done, Carlos called one of the men and told him to ask us for the check! This company didn't care about how good of a job they did for us, they weren't careful to make sure this would last us a long time and it was evident we were not top priority. They had different men come in for different jobs and it seemed there was no communication whatsoever between anybody in the company and eventually Jason (the VP) told me they weren't even aware I had just had a baby even though this was the first thing I had mentioned to Carlos. If it was any of them the quality of work for the amount of money would not be acceptable if it was their home. The material they used was like a slab of plastic they had glued onto our tub and shower which they left the original tile under and glued on top of it.