Haggen is now open here in Henderson! So far Im liking the concept and focus of this supermarket. Traditional and speciality grocery store all rolled into one. It truly is one stop shopping.\n \nFor example I can get  Mr. B's junk food Doritos and other popular name brand boxed food products he likes. (cringes at Hamburger Helper).   I can get my healthy froo froo food as he calls it, here. My GoodBelly probiotic juice that usually is carried in specialty grocery stores is stocked here!!  They have a section dedicated to healthy snacks and protein bars. Lots of natural food products spread throughout the store.\n\nThe selection and quality in the produce, seafood, deli and meat departments was impressive. Kobe steak and fresh ground chorizo in the meat department,  Nitrate free Black Angus Roast Beef in the deli department, organic and \"Farm to Store in 24\" in produce. The beets they stocked here are clean and priced lower than Sprouts and much lower than Smiths.\n\nThey SELL Thrifty Ice Cream!!! The 1.75 quart size too! $4.99 here. Chocolate Malted Crunch FTW!\n  \nThey carry some of the natural beauty products they sell at Whole Foods and Sprouts here!  The Acure product line was priced as much as two dollars less than I pay.\n \nThe conversion of this Haggen store from Albertsons happend in 24 hours! Everything has been rebranded. Signage and decor has been replaced and is more simple and minimal.The layout pretty much the same, but seems more clean and spacious throughout. Even with those changes, the store still could use some physical changes, like new flooring to give it a fresher feel. Still amazed though at what changes  they did in that amount of time.\n\nEveryone here working was helpful and friendly and just as excited as we were.\n\nOverall as far as pricing is concerned Im fine with it. Some prices in the canned goods and prepared foods are higher priced but not by that much. It's great that I dont have to make two stops to buy what we need. I was able to get everything plus more here tonight!