I relied on info from two persons at this company, both named Ken (the owner and the supervisor of mattress construction), and am not sure which one or if both misled me about the odor of their latex mattresses.  I explained that I have severe reactions to most odors (migraines and swollen airways) and asked if there might be a problem of odor emitted by latex. I realize now that the answer was evasive: \"You shouldn't have a problem unless you have a latex allergy because latex is a natural product\". (I do not have a latex allergy and frequently use latex gloves.) I was also told that any odor would dissipate quickly, and later was advised that the blended latex mattress would have even less of an initial odor than a 100% latex mattress. When I responded, \"But doesn't the blended latex use some synthetic latex, which is made using chemicals?\", I was told \"the chemicals are all cooked out of it during the process\", so I opted for the blended latex.  However, the delivered mattress (delivered December 23, 2015) had a very strong odor which did NOT dissipate. Expecting it to air out in the bedroom with the window open a few inches and the adjacent bath fan on continuously, I slept in my living room on a sofa for almost a month because I could not sleep on the mattress without waking up in the middle of the night with a migraine and the need to take medication for it. The odor was not dissipating, so I contacted Ken the owner on January 11 and asked to return the mattress. He agreed to have it picked up but did not see to it for 8 more days even though he was now aware that the mattress was smelling up my bedroom and even though I had to pay $50 for the pick up.\n\nLater, at R&S bedding on Raintree in Scottsdale, I saw and tested out a \"hybrid\" mattress (part latex, part steel coils) that happened to be in the store's inventory. It had a minor odor, so I asked the salesperson, David, if he could air it out for a few weeks to see if it would become virtually odor free. He agreed and when I returned to check it out, the odor was gone, so I bought it. It was delivered the next day and I've been sleeping on it ever since with never a headache. \n\nApparently there is a lot of variance in the amount of odor produced by latex mattresses, perhaps due to whether the manufacturer airs the latex out well before using it, where it is manufactured, how it is manufactured, etc.  So, if you are sensitive to odors, be careful with purchasing a mattress containing latex!