I just finishing speaking with Matt a supervisor at Fiore Travel. Before this I  spoke with a representative who told me I won a prize from one of their promotions\/contest. I had no recall from entering such thing so I told him to please erase my contact info and that I wasn't interested. He replied that this wasn't a telemarketing call and said that it was from a year ago and that's probably why I didn't remember. \n     Everything about this called yelled out SCAM and I was ready to hang up, however, I friend of mine actually won in a similar fashion and the guy sounded legitimate so I continued to listen. \n      Even though he explained a few times what I had won and how I did I was still very confused about this thing. I guess that's the nature of how to lure someone into a scam. \n      Anyhow, after about 10 minutes on the phone with this guy, he did a three question survey that yet again screamed SCAM! He asked if I was from Vegas, if I was between the ages of 30 and 70 and the last and most interesting one if I made at least $60k a year. I'm banging my head on the wall as a type this, I should have known, but I had spent 10 good minutes of my life with this guy's and I wanted to see how this would play out and maybe, just maybe it'll be a real price. \n     After about five minutes the supervisor Matt called me to give me the winning code in order to claim my price,  however, I never got it and here's why:\n     He explained in a not so clear, but clearer than the last guy way, that the price included round trip airfare for four, five star hotel accommodations and theme park tickets of my choice, all I had to do was seat through a 90minute presentation about their travel services. He then said that it was not a timeshare company and that nothing would be bought or sold. They just wanted my word of mouth advertising with coworkers and friends. He then ask if I was married as if I was I would need to bring my wife. He also told me that I would need two forms of ID one my drivers license and the other one you guessed it a CREDIT CARD. \n     At this point I had mix feelings and luckily for me they didn't have a time that worked with my schedule so in the end he's supposed to call me back with a confirmation code and a time. \n    Lastly, and I do apologize for the long review, I searched the company and found this thread and reassure every instinct I had was right about this company so I wanted to put my two cents and hope that it would help others. \n\nThanks!