Before you think this place would sound like a good place to host a party, go check it out; spend a few hours there, and consider if this place is worth the money they charge (especially or booths). \n\nSo I went here last night for a friend's birthday \"party\". My boyfriend and I started the night waiting in line, because when we went to check in, the hostess gave me a wristband and told me that the party was 'full' at 16 people for the two booths that were reserved. So we got in, hung around the table for a while, played a few games, then the bouncers came to try to kick my boyfriend out of the bar because he didn't have a VIP bracelet.. we were offered the option of paying $50 per guest over the \"limit\" (note: many of the guests in the party had left, guest limits are not revolving), or we can purchase more bottles. We had already pre-paid for 8 bottles. THEY SERVE 350mL BOTTLES, and are on par with prices at a 'real' club. Hostesses were nowhere to be seen, I poured myself 2 drinks before I realized we even had a hostess. Asked for other selections on the Nintendo system we were playing, left before it arrived (IF it arrived). You'll also find yourself tripping over those g-damn console WIRES of the vintage games, interrupting all your friend's games.. I can't imagine that issue would be resolved purchasing more bottles.. \n\nOverall, this place seems like a really great, but the execution is REALLY poor. \n1. CUSTOMER SERVICE! If people are dropping money on a booth (which can range beyond $1200 each if you're getting premium liquor like grey goose) you can afford to send a hostess to pour drinks more often than once an hour.\n2. SET UP! The set up of games in the booths was awful. Tripping over wires with a drink in your hand isn't fun.\n3. STOP PRETENDING like you're a high end club- you're a little dive bar with video games. Greeting hosts shouldn't be encouraged to give lip at a bar like this. \n4. VENTILATION! Most people can deal with some smoke, but most people also like to breath air every now and then. \n5. LET PEOPLE PLAY GAMES! Fix the ones that are broken, offer to change the games. When we aren't paying by the hour to play, we want to play more than one game. \n6. SERVE ALCOHOL! No draft selections. Watered down drinks. I think I even saw PLASTIC Absolut bottles at an adjacent booth.