Instead of exchanging gifts this year, Mr. M and I decided to go out and visit some businesses we've been wanting to and treat ourselves that way.  The day after Christmas we had a great lunch at Tim Finnegan's, and then I surprised him with a visit to Magnum's.  I had a feeling he would like this place.\n\nRight away when we walked in, there was a very friendly and helpful young man working the cash register on the store side.  He explained the layout of the place and then told us he was available for any questions.  You can buy bottled whiskeys of all kinds of varieties, Scotch, bourbons, Irish whiskys, other hard liquors, wines, cigars (in a large walk-in humidor), and then they have a long row of coolers that contain a fantastic selection of craft beer.  If you've ever ogled the coolers at Papago, this is comparable.\n\nI was also struck by the nice aroma of fine tobacco.  It wasn't smoky at all, just smelled very pleasant.  \n\nWhile Mr. M picked out a cigar I went in to check out the bar and find a seat.  They have a beautifully designed bar with lighted shelving behind, low lighting, and nice wood furniture.  I felt very comfortable immediately.\n\nThe bartender offered me the drink menu right away.  We usually lean towards trying some bourbons and when I mentioned that we'd never tried Four Roses before, he said that they make a special version just for them called Four Roses Magnum.  Well, heck yeah....let's give that a try.  We both enjoyed that very much and then I had some Eagle Rare 10 yr while Mr. M tried the Blantons 15 yr.  Initially he had ordered the Bulleit 10-yr, which was on the menu, and the bartender came back and said they must be out, but then said \"Isn't that regular Bulleit?\"  No it's not.  We have the economy size of regular Bulleit in our booze cabinet at home.  When I mentioned that the menu specifies 10-yr he got pretty condescending and made a comment that \"most bourbon is 10 years old\".  \n\nWhatever, Chief.  I'm not going to argue with you.  Bulleit 10-year is different from regular Bulleit.  \n\nThe place started to fill up as the afternoon went on and there were a couple of large tables of guys really keeping the bartenders hopping.  We had 2 different bartenders who checked on us to make sure we were doing ok.  We didn't need to eat anything, but I asked if people were allowed to bring in outside food, and one of the bartenders told me that they have some menus for places that will deliver if anyone wants food.  \n\nAnother couple came in and sat at the bar and we had a nice conversation about bourbon and other tasty beverages.  All in all we had a very nice time and it's probably a good thing for us they are something like 40 miles away from our house.  Definitely a spot worth checking out even if you are not a cigar smoker.