To begin, over the years I have stopped going to certain festivals because of the crowds. I value my space... I like to be able to jam out. LIB was perfect for that. No so many people that I couldn't dance without hitting anyone... but just enough people that I felt that festival family vibe. Sticking to the crowd topic, everyone really seemed to live the whole Life is Beautiful theme... I don't recall seeing any fights or any douche attitudes... I LOVED it. Even though I hardly knew anyone there, many folks were (likely) from out of town & I'm new here... I felt that I was a part of the community. \n\nI did not attend last year, so I can't compare the lineups.. but this year's lineup was insane to me! I got to check so many live sets off of my bucketlist... not to mention, see a few sets that I absolutely loved for a 2nd time. Phantogram... my lawd. I know, this is picking pretty deep but I wish they would have had Phantogram at night because their light show is INSANE! A few other notable acts... Outkast... crazy energy throughout the entire set! Foo Fighters... were wild! Dave is the man! The Weeknd (third time seeing this guy) put on a hell of a show, per usual. Kanye, Arctic Monkeys, Broken Bells, A-Trak, Little Dragon... well, you can view the lineup yourself, everyone was amazing. I really appreciated the genre mixing, there was really something there for everyone. \n\nThe art.... and maybe I just don't get out much, I'm not sure, but I've never seen so much amazing talent! I loved being able to walk around in between sets and check out all of the art and activities they had going on. The wall murals are sick and I'm glad they keep them up. Some of the pieces were somewhat interactive... a pink furry wall, the wire man who followed you in every direction... which I really appreciated. It'll be neat-o to see more of that next year. \n\nIn and out privileges were EXTREMELY appreciated... with the location being so close to everything that fremont has to offer, it was nice to be able to leave and take a break at points to drink & eat a little cheaper outside of the festival. The festival had plenty of bathrooms and I never had to wait in line.. but it was also nice to be able to sneak away and use a real bathroom as well. \n\nHonestly though, if they did away with the in and out privileges - for whatever reason - it wouldn't be the end of the world because there were plenty of areas where you could dip away and relax. We had a wonderful experience chilling out in the Post Secrets dome. I have been a fan of Post Secrets for a while and being able to lay back in comfy seating and view postings above was so cool! We never even knew that you could go inside the dome at Container Park! Ha! \n\nMy only complaint was ride costs. There was really only one ride, the ferris wheel...and $5 per person to ride was really ridiculous. But, I can't complain too much because we rode it as Outkast was opening. Food and drinks didn't really seem to expensive to me - comparing to other festivals...and the quality seemed much better. I really love that they showcased local food! I also appreciate the water station and the abundance of staff available to direct you to where you wished to go - if asked. Everyone that I encountered was incredibly kind! This festival experience spoiled me!\n\nI will definitely be returning to LIB next year... this was a stellar event and a lovely group of people to be amongst. I really hope that they continue to progress... Life Is Beautiful definitely has my support.