I love Britney. I mean LOVE her.\n\nI had posters up all over my college dorm room, my sorority did our Greek week theme to her music, she was the background on my computer all through college (and beyond) and I have all her CDs. \n\nI saw her in concert during the Circus tour in Washington DC in 2009 with a girlfriend and I enjoyed that concert much more than this and paid far less money though those tickets still cost me around $150. \n\nThe layout of the theater is spacious but it is not slanted enough for viewers who all paid a ridiculous amount of money to see her, because even the cheap seats are about $100, might not be able to see her for the bohemiths in front of them who are encouraged to stand up during the show. \n\nI was lucky and had front row seats just before the VIP tables up front. So no one was standing up in front of me blocking the stage except for the really rich or famous people up front and the ushers who annoyingly roamed around the whole time and stood in the way but even then they were on a lower level about three steps lower than my seat. A few times I had to stand so I could see but when I stood I could see perfectly with no obstructions. No so for the people behind me and one old lady came up to complain and tell me to sit down. I told her I wasn't going to suffer for her and as she could see, the entire rest of the theater was standing.  The guy on my left was HUGE probably 6'5 at least and 350 pounds. As soon as Brit Brit came out he squealed like a 12 year old girl who just saw Bieber and stood up so the people behind him were pissed enough to demand to be moved so they could see. At first the ushers told them to deal but they eventually moved them somewhere else. \n\nI spoke a little to the usher nearest while waiting for the show to start and she said I could take photos during the show but no video. \n\nThe show is 90 minutes and Britney covers most of her biggest hits but they are in remix form mostly meaning one song will be a mash-up of 3 or more songs so you only get 60-90 seconds of your favorite song to techno beats. Not my thing I want the whole song as I first loved it for $1000 seats. Also yes, while her dancing was better than recent times, it was still sluggish and not the same. But overall she was dancing well, she looked cute, her outfits were hot and she's shy but she did speaks few times to the audience and walk out onto the little stage closer to the VIP tables so I got a few good photos. \n\nIt was not worth the money and while I still love her I've been to better concerts where I could see better with a jumbo-tron and didn't have to worry about standing up or obstructing views of others. \n\nMeh.