By far one of the best places to grace Las Vegas in a long time. I know that many people talk about the chefs on the Strip, but I purposely avoided that route for my friends bachelor party. At first, people were complaining about how we had to detour from the row of lights to go to dinner, but they quickly shut up after we began our gastronomical journey. \n\nAny special occasion can only be made better with a visit to Chef Marc's Parma. I was lucky enough to tag along with some Yelpers and have been hooked on this restaurant ever since. Call in advance and specify that you want to participate in a chef's table. For $50, a five course meal is a steal. An additional $20 more, there is an option for wine pairing. With a week notice, chef will be able to set up a marvelous spread. Long gone are the days where a chef tries to fill you up on bread and cheap ingredients. Chef even got upset that someone had given us bread. \n\nI had specified that one friend was allergic to pine nuts and melon. Another to pineapple, almonds, and does not eat pork. Chef said no problem and I was relieved. \n\nThis was my second chance to experience a meal from this creative genius. He started us off with some sliced prosciutto before our first course. We were in for a real treat when we found out that chef brought out the pizza oven on a Sunday night. Not only did we get a classic margherita but a walnut pesto pizza as well. This was a creative way around our friend's allergy. Then the second course came at us with no warning. A sampler platter of perfectly grilled octopus, shrimp, sausage, and red snapper surrounding a bed of apple salad tossed in a citrus dressing. Already, some were ready to admit that the drive was worth it. Now slowing down, Chef came out again to explain what he had in store for us. Two words: LOBSTER RAVIOLIS! That was our pasta course. The al dente stuffed goodness was filled with the crustacean and came with a marscapone cream sauce. For many, it could have ended here and we would have received a meal worthy of $50. An Italian meal without a protein? Unheard of. Stepping outside of the box to provide us with a truly unique experience, we were presented with Veal Cheek served on polenta with German red cabbage. The meat was so tender that you could cut it with a fork. The sauce was similar to an Osso Bucco sauce. Each component complimented each other so well. By this time we were all stuffed. Yet it did not end there. For dessert, chef sent out a french toast served with fresh bananas and berries topped with a Marsala wine sauce. Ambrosial! Still not enough? The groom to be and I had opted for the wine pairing. I had attended a wine tasting some time ago and came across a beautiful dessert wine that I had nearly forgot about until I took a sip here. Although our waiter prefaced that the wine didn't go with the dessert, I was happy to taste the Donald Ziraldo dessert wine again. \n\nAt this point, I could not hold it in any longer and had to gloat. BOOYAH! All of the skeptics could eat it, because this meal was sensational.