I came here for an early dinner with my boyfriend, Nana, Aunt and cousin at the recommendation of my aunt who has been dining here for years. When we arrived my aunt and cousin already had a table on the back patio so we bypassed the inside of the restaurant entirely so this review is in no form based upon the inside of the restaurant (ambiance or otherwise). \n\nHowever, the back patio is just darling and we were very comfortable in the shade of a very large maple tree. The restaurant is located in a very unique way in that there is a church on one side but residential homes flanking the other side and back of the patio. I'm curious as to how the neighbors do when the restaurant patio gets noisy late at night.\n\nBut the service was very good- no complaints but nothing to write home about either. My first major hesitation was when I saw the menu and was at a complete loss on how to order. The menu is broken up into snacks, small plates and large plates. Our server told us that the large plates are typically entree size (the amount that I would normally eat for dinner) or you would need to order 2-3 snacks\/small plates. Unfortunately our table decided that everyone would order on their own rather than sharing family style which I think would have been the smart pick. So none of the large plates sounded good to me (not saying that they didn't sound good, just not what I wanted in that moment) and most of the snacks and small plates were vegetarian\/vegan. I'm all for vegetables, but this girl needs some meat too. They were out of 2 of the meat options which left me with the burger. So my boyfriend and I both got the burger and shared the cottage fries and the pickled vegetables. \n\nOnce placing the order I was hesitant about the food because I felt partly as though I got backed into my order choice as it was the only meat option left. However...the food was DELICIOUS! No complaints from this girl. The pickled radishes were incredible (and I don't even like radishes!!!) and I inhaled the fries. Literal crack. I don't know if I would come back again unless the menu changed and incorporated more non-vegetarian options (I actually don't even live in Cleveland so who knows if I'd come back anyways), but I definitely had a great dinner!