Honestly, I feel like many of the reviewers are a bunch of haters. The singrs can't sing? I felt that they did a miraculous job, especially for a crowd that was as enthusiastic as a bowl of dead frogs. All of them in my opinion were great singers. I actually found myself envying them - they get to play their instruments, sing, and crack jokes and make people laugh every weekend... and during the week they put in hard work out on the ranch. To me, they live life while the rest of us go to work and then spend a lot of our time killing our couch springs by watching Jersey Shore garbage (I don't watch TV, thanks). Were they some sort of 5-star band that should go on tour? No. But they were genuine - they had fun, and they were lively. And truth be told, I'm not even into the song and dance type shows.\n\nThe food was pretty tasty, but not something I couldn't whip up myself. Pretty basic, but I was full with what I got. I think everyone was in the same boat. No hungry people at my show. For the price I think I got a deal (food plus show). If the food was more of something to write home about, I'd bump the review up to 5 stars.\n\nAs for the religious tone that others mentioned yes there was a prayer before serving the food. Now, I've been ALL over the board on religion - so much that I don't even know where I stand today. There might have been a time where I was offended at a prayer... but I found it to be low key, short, and tasteful. To me it actually added to the genuine demeanor of these people. They prayed and so they shared that part of their life and belief with you. You weren't forced to bow your head, pray, or say Amen before getting your food. They didn't ask God for you to repent - they just thanked God for having nice people to eat with. Religious or not, what can you find wrong with someone thanking you for being there and spending part of your life with them as a friend? I was honored.\n\nThe only thing I can truly knock the place for is that the bartender gal was slow as molasses and hard of hearing. We asked for XYZ and she totally forgot half the order and moved on despite that we were still standing there. It took her a long time to  realize that we were standing there because she never finished our order out. I suppose we could have hollered at her but I'm just too mild mannered and laid back to say something.\n\nLast but not least, the gun show at teh end was pretty cool. Maybe not for the young kids as the guns are loud... but I liked the show because it was funny... and I like guns. :)