Golden Corral, you finally made it back to Vegas!   \n\nI have to admit, I'm a fan of this standardized, controlled, family buffet, but this location is still undergoing growing pains of a new business. and it shown on my visit today.  Maybe, it's unfair to compare this location to the one in Hespria, because that location been open for awhile, but this is what the Las Vegas location need to strive for to earn my next star.\n\nI believe Golden Corral has earn a reputation of being a pretty good family buffet value around the United States, and their streaming fountain became a great niche for them.   Even though, Las Vegas is still the buffet capital of the world, and has some of the nicest buffets on the planet.   You would think, why would Golden Corral come back here?   Well, if you think about it, there was room for Golden Corral to comeback to Sin City, because of the ever increasing prices and the steep nose dive on food quality at some of our casino buffets; and this alone has made it simple for Golden Corral to re-enter the market.\n\nUpon pulling up onto the parking lot from Lamb Blvd, you could see there was a pretty long line going into Gold Corral lobby, but surprisingly the wait wasn't too long at all.   Like all Golden Corral, you would get your drink before paying for your meal, and head into the dining room.  This is where the stars start falling down, because of the mass chaos that going on in this restaurant\n\nLike all first week of a business, you'll see a overstaffed of employees, but there was no real control of the workers in this restaurant.   My waitress, Deborah, a nice older Mexican lady was the only person that was working in my section, and no one was helping her at all.  From what I notice, Deborah was handling nearly 12 tables, and she was doing a heck of job, but watching the others around her was almost unbearable to watch.   It seems like that five minute huddle of the six bussers, who were hanging out near the drink station had a better agenda of not helping anyone.  Come on guys, let get with it, and help each other in this restaurant\n\nI was kind of bummed that this location didn't have my warm bacon dressing for the Spinach salad, and not to mention the kitchen staff wasn't moving quick enough to restock a few items such as mash potatoes, fried rice, and sliders.  On a good note, the fried chicken and peanut butter fudge was pretty good.   Come on Golden Corral, get the warm bacon dressing or I\"m never going to come back to this location!   That alone makes me come back to you!!   \n\nI\"m sorry to give this location a three star rating, because they need to earn the fourth star like Hespria.    I'll be back in a couple of months, and hopefully this location will have worked out the kinks by then.