I decided to try Waterfront after winning free teeth whitening for my entire wedding party at a Bridal show in Scottsdale. Also, I just had a change in dental insurance, and the dentist I'd been going to for 5 years was out of network. They are also located in Gilbert, so I thought it would be nice to have a dentist in Scottsdale. Even though I've been completely satisfied with them over the years.\n\nSo first I just go to get my custom whitening trays. Everyone was very nice. No issues yet. I scheduled a cleaning sometime in the next couple of weeks. When I arrive for the cleaning, Nancy, at the desk, immediately tries to sell me their in house insurance plan, which I found expensive and unnecessary. So I declined. The exam was very thorough, and everyone was very nice so at first I was impressed. I can't remember her name, but it was the female dentist doing my exam. But then she tells me that I have 4 cavities and would probably need a root canal in the near future. I was shocked. I've never had a problem with my teeth. My teeth felt fine, I wasn't having any pain. But I was also concerned. So I scheduled an appointment to have the cavities filled.\n\nWhen I arrive for my appointment a week later, Nancy tells me that my insurance won't cover the fillings and I should buy their in house insurance plan. She was really trying to sell it, and I didn't appreciate the pressure especially since I'd already declined it. But, I reviewed it again, and still didn't see the benefit of it since I would still need to pay a big chunk of cash out of pocket. So I declined it again. At this point I became suspicious of their agenda. So I left without having any work done. I immediately scheduled appointments with my orthodontist (I recently had my braces removed) and my former dentist. They both did extensive exams and determined there were no existing cavities or any sign that I might need a root canal soon. I also called my insurance company to check on what was covered. Nancy was incorrect about my coverage. My insurance does cover fillings.\n\nI'm completely disgusted with Waterfront's practice of dentistry. They are obviously only out to make a profit, unfortunately at the expense of my teeth (and maybe yours). Now I know how they can afford to give their clients free whitening for life. So my advice is always get a second opinion when dealing with your health, always listen to your gut, make sure you know what your insurance does and does not cover, and don't let distance be the thing that keeps you away from a good doctor. I absolutely would not  recommend Waterfront Dentistry to anyone.