Watching a Thunder from Down Under show for the first time feels like an initiation.  Like discovering a secret place where it's socially acceptable for everyday women to completely lose their minds.\n\nI was planning on staying coherent enough to write an anthropological study on this phenomenon, but it was too powerful even for me.  Before I knew it, I, too, was screaming giddily and spilling my vodka cranberry on the poor lady next to me.\n\nIn my addled state of mind, I couldn't tell you too many details about the show itself.  It's basically a mix of acts.  Group dances, one-person dances, bits where the host calls people on stage.  The dances usually end with a random audience member chosen and brought up on stage for some very classy second-base fondling.  The music and costumes are gloriously cheesy (\"Save a Horse, Ride a Cowboy,\" natch).  The performers don't stick to the stage, so don't be surprised if a sweaty buff man in kneepads jumps up onto your table and gyrates his speedo in your face.  I mean, maybe that doesn't surprise you anyway, but just a heads-up.\n\nThough I didn't find the show particularly titillating, the big emotional impact came from being surrounded by a vortex of screaming women and from being in close proximity to really hot, shirtless guys.  There was also the mixture of abject horror and fascination that came with watching a grandmother who looked like Mrs. Doubtfire eagerly reaching into a guy's leather pants and stroking him.  I don't know about you, but that's not something I get to see every day.  \n\nIf you go with a group of your spunkiest friends, the fun increases exponentially.  I recommend that you get liquored up beforehand, as the drinks in the theater are overpriced and a bit slow in coming (like your mum).     \n\nThere's no stuffing of cash into G-strings, but the performers take photos after the show for $20 (cash).  You should do this, because you are creepy like me. \n\nThe shirtless guy taking my money: What's your name?  \nMe: Rebecca.\nShirtless guy: Oh.  That's Bicky.  We'd call you Bicky in Australia.\nMe: Yes.  Yes, sir.\nShirtless guy: (leading me to the sofa) Everyone, this is Bicky.\n\nThen followed an odd moment when I realized just how incredibly sweaty these men get.  They pulled me down on their laps (I swear) and they were soaked.  I almost slid off.  There were towels piled under the sofa.  Luckily I know the butterfly stroke and was able to get out of there.  \n\nP.S.  The current performers are a lot better-looking than the ones on the posters and promotional materials, some of which look to be from 1998.  Don't worry, ladies.  The new ones look nothing like the curly-haired guy from Color Me Badd.