My friend kept raving about this place and their Biriyanis, going so far as to say that it was the best biriyani he has ever had at a restaurant. My friend and I are both no strangers to Indian\/Pakistani food, so I was convinced. So off I went last night!\n\nIt was confusing at the entrance because it seemed that the same door led to both Mirchi and this other lounge establishment with a different name. After asking a waiter and confirming that I was actually at Mirchi, I sat down. The restaurant seemed like a section of a giant warehouse turned into a restaurant. Which is cool, but I think the decor here at Mirchi left something to be desired. It seemed too big with too little tables, and too little decoration. And it was cold. Maybe its me, because I get cold very easily, but my dining partner kept saying it was really cold too, and that they should crank up the heating.\n\nAnyway, we knew what we wanted: chicken biryani, kabab and garlic naan. We ordered, and I ran off to the washroom. Upon entering the washroom, things got a bit disastrous. The girl before me came out of the stall saying it was plugged. There were 4 stalls in total - and believe it or not, NONE of the toilets were working! It was a bit ridiculous. So I went outside, and told one of the waiters about the problem, and he told me to use the men's washroom, after checking to see that no one was in there. Yeah. I used the men's washroom. (What?? I needed to go! Desperate times call for desperate measures!)\n\nAnyway, after this wacky bathroom situation was over and done with, I came back to the table. Our food shortly arrived. I dug into the biryani. Meh. Really, it was not special. At all. I was baffled as to what my friend was raving about. I would not even call this biryani.. It was more like mildly flavoured rice with some chicken folded in. I know what GOOD biryani is, and this is NOT it! Then I bit into the kebab, and it was good! So was the naan! Thank goodness. We gobbled up our 3 dishes, and decided we needed more food. Maybe my partner and I are ravenous eaters (well, we are), but the portions were not very big. We asked for a 'chicken karahi' and another naan. Both were pretty good. We took some of the chicken karahi to go. \n\nAll in all, did not live up to my expectations. Food was okay. I have been to some much better Indian restaurants in town, that are not even in the Northeast. And the bathroom scenario, oh my..