Wow....Wow...Wow....Wow...Wow....to go along with the 5 stars I am giving this establishment. The wife and I decided to go to this establishment because they had a \"half off\" on \"Everything\" and I have to tell you we were not disappointed. The restaurant is located in a wonderful spot...all though it can get crowded pretty quick during dinner time due to the fact that it is located in a shopping center.\n\nEverything was first class as soon as we walked through the door. We were immediately seated by a young lady named Sarah...and very shortly after our waiter came to take our drink orders. My wife had the Sangria...and the water I had came with a slice of cucumber in it...which i thought was a nice touch. I had the chicken and mushroom Quesadilla's, and my wife had the 1 lb Ribeye steak with perhaps the best potatoes topped with Mexican cheese that i have ever had.\n\nNow dessert was a real treat....because we had the Pan De Tres Leches...which is a Mexican sponge cake with 3 milks poured over it with a warm Marshmalllow cream topping on top . When I took my first bite....I was speechless...and for those who really know me....that is a rare event to say the least....but it was that good people. The hostess and manger were very engaging....always checking on us and asking how everything was.\n\nNow be advised this is about as close to \"Authentic\" Mexican food I have had since I left Chicago....and trust me that is saying something since I am not a huge fan of Mexican food. So if your a Taco Bell fan...or love Chipotle....don't think your going to get that kind of food here. The food, service and atmosphere were simple outstanding.....I mean the restaurant is about as beautiful and immaculate as any establishment I have \"EVER\" visited.\n\nNow remember at the beginning of this review i mentioned the \"Half off everything\" well i saved the best for last. The wonderful meal i just described to you would have normally cost me about 65 bucks...I only ended up paying 43 bucks and that included a very generous tip for the waiter because he did such a great job. I think that will just about do it....but remember if you looking for some great food....great service...and great atmosphere....look no further than Taberna Mexicana and I promise you won't be disappointed. Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends!!!!