Not sure what the deal is.  I hear great things about this place from reliable sources but I was underwhelmed with my burger.  Don't get me wrong - it was a decent burger and the bacon was, I dare say, delicious.  But it's bacon.  \nThink the issue with Five Guys is twofold:\n1) They seriously need to put SALT on the patties.  Yeah whoever the five guys are....season your food.  Like In-n-Out does.  In-n-Out even has a sign you can see from drive thrus reminding their cooks to season the patty correctly.  Clearly no such reminder at Five Guys.  I've eaten at two locations in two states and this is a trend.  A bad one.\n2) I'm all for picking your own toppings - I guess.  But how's about a burger you can just order off the menu?  Because, honestly, the first time I go to a place I usually ask for the most popular or recommended item.  Makes sense right?  You go in there and what do you do?  Order the burger with everything?  Just what you like?  Is this really a decision you can take time to make with 20 people behind you in line and you not wanting to be like the idiot in front of you who, LITERALLY, took 3 minutes 26 seconds to order his burger with 20 people behind him.  I timed it cause my uncanny douche bag spider sense tingled and knew it would happen.  \n\nFries were ok.  Next time I'll try the cajun ones.  They need to use smaller fries and hotter oil because it isn't crispy like McDonalds fries. Or double fry them because the fries do not have a crispy exterior.  WTF is with that.\nAlso, not necessary to carbo load so many fries in one order.  I'd rather pay less for less fries and not have to dig through fries to get to my custom ordered hamburger.  But that's a minor complaint.\n\nBut have to say it's way better than Fatburger, BK (obviously), McDonalds (obviously) and a whole host of those little hamburger joints that also serve breakfast.  It's also more expensive than these other places and not sure it's worth it.  \n\nOh yeah...their buns are the definition of mediocre.  Seriously, they should rename it Four Guys and send the fifth guy to learn how to make or buy decent bread.  It's awful for a $6 hamburger.  In-n-Out, on the other hand has epic hamburger buns.