I've been here on two different occasions because I am a fan of their vast array of cactus in the botanical gardens. We went for the Christmas lights display and we were astonished at how many tourists were visiting somewhere decently far from the strip. It's nice to know the Ethel M has a name for itself garnering more than just local support. \n\nWe arrived around 8:45 PM while knowing that the lights would go out around 10 PM. There was a security guard walking around letting people know the time the attraction closed so nobody would be surprised when close time came. \n\nAs we walked around the garden, my only thought is that a nice cup of hot coco is the only thing that could have made this better.  In fact, if I came during business hours (not on Christmas) I would have been able to purchase this beverage in the chocolate shop. The lights were truly mesmerizing and I'd hate to be the guy putting Christmas lights all over cactus. They weren't stingy on the lights either, each cactus had its own glory being lit up in festive colors. High in some of the taller plants, speckled lights shined down and illuminated the walk ways. This was truly a magical experience, without a penny spent to see it. \n\nLet me go back in time and talk about my first experience. I came here excited for the cactus, but also the \"Chocolate factory tour\"... the tour wasn't all that its cracked up to be. You literally walk down a hallway that has windows to different areas of chocolate making. You are lucky to see anything happening equipment wise and I am sure that they only do a small amount each day. I wouldn't really call it a tour, just a glimpse into a chocolate factory. After you get past the hallways, you are able to purchase chocolates for a rather expensive price. It significantly better than a Hershey bar, so I didn't mind paying a bit more. I spent about $32 for a box of 16 chocolates. Some were filled with alcohol, others were nutty caramel clusters, all were very delicious. To prevent my chocolate from melting due to the summer heat here in Las Vegas, they put a complimentary reusable ice pack in my bag! That is some good service.\n\nSo the cactus garden is definitely a 5 star freebie and the chocolate factory would be a 4 star experience. Go check it out!