Hi, My Mom said that I could write a review for the doggie day care.  When i first went to this day care I was scared.  I went to two other day cares.  One kept me all night one time because my Mommy was 5 minutes late cuz of her work.  And one was very noisy and I got scared, cuz I'm a little doggie and the people were kind of irtitated and there was a loud noise that Mommy said was a train and no one cared and so I got so scared my Mommy had to come get me and take me home.\n\nWhen I'm scared by a loud noise at this place they just understand me and don't expect me to be brave.  And Mommy says she likes this doggie day care cuz she can pick me up and drop me off at any time, which works well she says for day care and for travel.  She says the price is right and it helps her buy me more treats.  Whoo hoo.  I like treats a lot.\n\nI love to play with other little doggies and run around like crazy.  They let us stay in a big room with each other so if I want to hide I can hide and rest and if I want to play I can run around like crazy with my friends.  And the humans there are good friends too and they like to pet me.  One is crazy about Chihauhau looking doggies and one remembers me from my first day care.  Of course they love me cuz I'm cute.  \n\nI stayed there once for some days when my Mommy said she had to travel.  She said she was having a people vacation and I was having a doggie vacation.  I missed her and my home but a lot of times I was playing so hard I forgot to miss her.  They gave me my same food to eat as I eat at home.  I like food!  It is sooo gooooood!  \n\nSometimes I get my toenails clipped there too.  That makes me feel better!  Mommy says she saves money on that too!\n\nBut what I really love is the doggies and playing and running.  I get really tired and it is nice to come home and lie in my little bed or on the couch by mommy and take a nap.  But she sees I like it cuz I get more happy and play more at home too.  She says it makes me more \"confident\" whatever that means.\n\nI just know I like running with a pack. I have two packs now, my little pack at home with Mommy and that crazy non-dog Kitty Cat thing... and one at doggie day care.  I feel more like a dog now and Mommy says that makes me more healthy.\n\nWhat I want to know is where are all the treats she promised me with the money she is saving??!??!?!  Also i want to know when do I get to go back!