I just got back from lunch at this place today.  I've been to many places in the downtown area for lunch (I work in the area), and this was, in my opinion, by far my worst experience eating lunch at a downtown establishment.  \n\nWe arrived at the restaurant at about 11:50 a.m.  I arrived with my party, a group of 5, and nobody else was waiting in line.  As the waitress (they don't have any hosts\/hostesses) was trying to figure out how to accomodate our group of 5, she seated the group of 2  that came in from behind us.  No big deal - that was a more typical number for them to seat.\n\nAbout a minute later, she sat us next to the cash register.  Next to us were two ladies who had ordered their food to go and were still waiting.  I had overheard one of the ladies comment to the other lady wondering what was taking their food so long.  An omen of things to come.\n\nWe received water fairly quickly, then was given soup before we ordered.  The soup was fine compared to similar establishments, although it only had tofu in it rather than maybe one or two pieces of chicken.\n\nWe ordered our food: two orders of drunken noodles; one spicy green bean with chicken, one ginger chicken with brown rice, and I ordered the spicy eggplant with brown rice.  Not a complicated order.  Especially when considering the menu is simple: they have like 14-16 lunch specials, and the only difference in price is whether or not you order a different kind of protein.  It's cookie cutter, generic Thai food.  We ordered at around 11:55 a.m.\n\nMy group and I are all friends, so we were conversing for awhile without thinking about how long it was taking.  By about 12:25 p.m. we were wondering what was going on.  I looked over to the table to my right, which is a table of 10 right next to the storefront window of the restaurant.  A group of 10 people that had been seated after us had already gotten their food and were in the process of paying their checks.  I then saw the group of 2 who were seated just before us finishing up their meals as well.  Not a good sign.\n\nAt about 12:30 p.m., I got up from my seat and asked the lady at the cash register if we were going to be getting our meals anytime soon.  She asked me where I was seated, noticed I came from right around the corner of the register, didn't really answer me, turned around to some people and started speaking in a different language to either the cooks or the other waitresses.  I sat back down and she darted by shortly thereafter saying 5 more minutes.\n\nNow I was checking my phone constantly.  At 12:38, two orders came out: one of the drunken noodles and the spicy green bean with chicken.  My two friends began eating, as we had already been waiting for so long.  Two more orders came out at 12:40: the other drunken noodle and the ginger chicken.  I looked to my right: the group of 10 had gotten up and walked out of the restaurant.  I then got my dish.  Needless to say, I was not happy.\n\nAs we hurriedly scarfed down our food, we asked for the check.  We noticed that the two dishes that had ordered brown rice received an additional $2 charge, when the menu said $1.  I immediately darted up from my seat and went to the cashier and notified her of the problem.  To her credit, she fixed it immediately.\n\nI then started eating my food.  Considering I had to wait over 45 minutes for it, it was not even all that hot - temperature or spice wise.  I bit into several pieces of eggplant that were still cold - like the stirfry hadn't gotten all the freezer burn out of it just quite, and now it was just cold instead of frozen.  I had also asked for it to be spicy hot, and it wasn't even close to even being mild spicy.  For a dish that is supposed to be \"spicy eggplant\" and I ordered it hot: well, it wasn't particularly authentic Thai spicy.\n\nWe asked them to split the check five ways by giving the cashier 5 credit cards (which is just the norm for downtown joints these days).  I asked her why our order took so long and why a table that had 10 people seated after us were able to get their food, eat, and pay before we even received our dishes.  The only answer I got was thank you for being patient, and that the group of 10 had called in their order.  There were no apologies, and no credit to our meals offered.  It then took them a long time to get us our checks.\n\nThe service here was ridiculous.  Apparently, they treat people who call in their orders with more priority than other guests.  (And yet, many take out orders waited near us). That's not quite a solution for a poorly run restaurant.  Nor was the food all that great either.  I will not be coming back here, and I would advise that anyone else interested in a normal length lunch not even bother either.  But if you don't care that your order comes out 45 minutes after you order it during lunch, you get overcharged for items you ordered, and enjoy subpar non-authentic food, well then by all means, go ahead and come here.