I picked this place for my birthday dinner and overall it was a solid pick. \n\nWe were given a standard menu, a beverage menu to peruse. There are tasting menus so ask for them as we werent presented with them at first. We remember there was a summer menu and we asked about it, and then they produced this menu for $85 ($65 promo price is no longer). This made me a little apprehensive about picking this place as I don't like when it feels like they are almost hiding options because they want you only to do the spendy menus only. It was described as very small 2 bite, but now that I see some friends reviews, I should have gone with a tasting but I was afraid of the whole having a cheap second dinner because it wasn't substantial. \n\nThe hubby and I over ordered a la carte. \n\nI got a cocktail that was really well made. Forgot the menu name, but it had meszcal in it and some nice herbaceous companions which was perfect together. \n\nWe started with the foie gras cotton candy. Fun food, but not something I feel is a must like others. I prefer the foie in a different manner, but glad I tried it as it does oddly pair well together. It's just the cold little cube of foie was not doing anything, it was just there.\n\nThen the  classic beef tartare. It's not normally a dish we order, but heard great things. The portion was made tableside so you can get it seasoned just to your liking. I like that it came with warm rolls and there was way more tartare than you can fit into them so it's very generously portioned. Very good tartare, probably one of the better ones I've had. \n\nGrilled  pulpo (octopus) had a bit of a aggressive seasoning to it (in salt and seasonings), but has a nice char and still pretty good.\n\nButifara Sausage is made in house. It was solid as far as sausages go, but I feel that this could have been skipped for something a bit more \"special\", if you will. Huge portion, so get maybe only if you have a large dining party. \n\nWaygu beef cheeks was buttery delightful. It's very rich in flavor as theres nice fatty bits woven in there and the red sauce with it was sop up with some bread good. \n\nWe got the Robuchon potatoes and it was indeed butter on butter. It was heavy, really too heavy as a main side as I wanted just 3 bites as the meat selections were already rich. \n\nBrussel sprouts roasted with a lemon dressing sounded like something that will lighten up the meal, but it was seriously a WTF dish. Soft veggies, sitting in a bowl with lemon water on the bottom, grapes and apricots that felt like a fruit salad spilled in it from another dish. \n\nDessert we picked a few mini bites, a little tart, a few cream puffs. Nothing as bad, but nothing stood out as more than okay either. \n\nService was friendly enough, but fine dining professional and unobtrusive. The pace of the kitchen was steady to where we were getting food in a good succession aside from the sides coming dead last after eating a lot of mains without anything. \n\nI feel like partially that we order differently we might've had a better time with the meal, but another part of me thinks perhaps the style of how food is seasoned is not particularly in my wheelhouse either. Glad I tried it, but not rushing to be back. If I do, I would scale down a lot and cautiously choose mains and sides while I scarf down more of that tartare.