This is a fun show in the Luxor, in the same smaller Atrium theater that Carrot Top does his prop based comedy.\n\nThe show is at 10:30pm, and is a great cabaret show for adults. The 8 gorgeous and talented female dancers can do all sorts of classic dance routines wearing all sorts of costumes. But mostly, these costumes either start or end up topless, as this is one of the hottest toplesss revues on the strip. In fact, it  was voted hottest showgirls, and I can't disagree! \n\nOne thing you can say about topless places, \n\"if you've seen one, you've seen two\". \nBut here, you will see 16 on 8 gorgeous women, and this show is really a hot treat!   \n\nPolice girls, burlesque fan dancer, bump and grind strippers, cowgirls saving a horse riding a cowboy, Brazilian carnival dancer, you name it, they can do it! Great music and routines, good dancers, and stunning girls with breasts large and small. But none grossly oversized, because these girls aren't strippers first, they are dancers first. \n\nThis show isn't all about breasts, (well, mostly, but there is more! And think higher, not lower, you dirty old man!) \n \nThe Emcee is a spunky and energetic singer named Lorena Pero. She is hot in her own right, wearing great costumes (but not going topless). She has a huge voice like Christina Aguillera and her hips don't lie while she shakes her booty like Shakira! (She sings numbers by both, plus others). \n\nThen not on the bill, but for comic and testosterone relief, is Sean Cooper, who after the middle part of the program, pops on stage as James Brown. He wiggles and slides across the dance floor, does the splits and has JB's moves and expressions down cold. He finds a volunteer from the crowd to do some interactive comedy with the hot girls, and there is usually a bachelor party guy more than willing. Our night was a great guy soon getting married, calling himself A-Dog! It was hilarious fun, he was a great sport, almost good enough to be a planted shill, but he wasn't. \n\nLater Sean morphs into Michael Jackson, white face, hat and glove, and pulls off a great Moon Walk just like the King of Pop. Hanging with Mr, Cooper is going with a great entertainer in his own right. \n\nMr. Cooper and Ms. Pero are actually a married couple and emerge as the stars of this show, supported by those lovely 16 heavenly objects of beauty glistening under the spotlights. \n\nThere were a fair amount of females in the audience mixed with the males, and I am sure that some people had more fun in their own after party after watching this revue!\n\nIt was a fun and entertaining 90 minute show, at half the price of the bigger productions on the strip.\n\nPS - after the show in the lobby, you can buy calendars of the girls and show, and take photos with all that talent! Beats a snapshot of you in front of the water fountains at Bellagio!