BEWARE ! ! ! My wife and I recently went to the crooks, oops I meant Carmax on Warm Springs Rd. in Henderson NV to trade in my Titan and purchase a car. Everything went very smooth, the sales associate was very nice and helpful he took us out on two test drives and even went above and beyond to get us the car that we really wanted.\n\n   While on the second test drive couldn't help to notice that the car's alignment was off. The sales man said, \"Carmax would fix if it because all of the vehicles on their lot had a 30 day warranty and if ANYTHING went bad or needed to be repaired within 30 days, it was covered 100%. . .ALSO he explained about their 5 day return policy which stated that the customer has 5 days to change their mind on the purchase (for ANY reason) NO questions asked. \n\n     We decided to buy the car, we went through all the paperwork to purchase the car. Couldnt have the alignment done then cause we didnt finish till 11:30pm. I called the very next morning to make an appt with service and the soonest appt was two weeks out. \n     The second day the car was in my possession I took  it over to my mechanic who happens to be a very good personal friend of mine & have known for many years. Before he put it on a lift I told him, whatever you guys find wrong with it, it will not be repaired here, it will go back to Car max under their warranty. So he proceeds on with a very thorough inspection and tells me that 3 of the 4 struts are leaking bad and need replacement! Now keep in mind that this is a certified mechanic who is my personal friend and this shop has no benefit by giving me false information because the car is 100% fully covered by Car Max. I then call Car Max while I am at my mechanic, I explain to them the situation, they pull up my info and tell me not to worry its fully covered and its within 30 daysl. She reassured me there would be no problems and stated \"Its 100% on us\",  I tell her that I'm in the system for the following Friday, but I need a sooner apt. she replied \" Oh yeah. . .  You want to get in before your 5 days are up\" Absolutely, but the last guy set me out for the following week! She was able to get me in the very next morning 9 AM sharp.\n\n      I report to service, the guy comes out, checks the milage, and he proceeds to tell me that they will have to pick up the struts from Toyota and they will call me in 2 hours with a time the car will be ready for pick up. So 5 1\/2 hours later I receive a phone call telling me that they are about to start the alignment, they looked at the struts and \"yes the struts are leaking, but they are only leaking a little bit\". I then call the Service manager Jim and he tells me that yes they are leaking, but its up to our standards and that it's normal for struts to leak (funny that only 3 were leaking, if its normal I guess I had 1 strut that was abnormal) He proceeded to stick up for his mechanics and pretty much try and convince me that it was perfectly normal for the entire body and housing of the strut to be soaked in oil. The Service Manager (Jim) went as far as telling me that \"Toyota even said that it was ok and they would pass it off as well\" I responded with. . . \" So your telling me that you brought the car to the Toyota dealership and had them inspect it?\" No he says, I pulled up the info from their website and I will fax it or e-mail it or you can come down here and we will look at it together. I asked him so, Toyotas website states that their struts leak oil and its perfectly normal? I replied that I was on my way down and I'm not trying to plead, bargain, or argue. Jim also kept telling me they sell used cars with dents and scratches, not new cars. I tried to explain that leaking shocks are not  \"cosmetic\".\n     In the end I went down there and returned their car and got my truck back cause they refused to fix it.It took 2 hours for them to print the paperwork and bring my truck up from the back.  I cant imagine trying to hassle with using their \"carmax warranty\" (I did purchase).  I am shocked at the level of customer service down there. They would rather loose a $17000 sale and a customer for life, then fix the shocks on the car I just purchased from them with a 30 day warranty.  Oh and once I got down there they refused to allow us to return the car until I filled their car up with gas (1\/2 tank). \n     Oh and I was told the car had no accidents- however once I got home and looked at the car I realized there were aftermarket parts on the front end.   I still would have kept the car however if they had just fixed what was broken. PHENOMENAL CUSTOMER SERVICE CARMAX! ! !