Dear Gordon Ramsay,\n\nI write to let you know of our experience at your restaurant in Las Vegas -Hell's Kitchen Caesar's Palace. We are 4 Californian women and Influencers, with Southeast Asian and African American descent, we are a huge fan of your shows. \nWe reserved a table one week prior to celebrate my birthday. We were given a choice at 10:45pm or 11pm and opted for the 10:45. Saturday came, we all dressed up nice and was very excited and looking forward for the grand experience at your restaurant. We were running late, as you know, traffic at the strip is terrible at any given time. \nWe called to make sure we don't lose our reservation, was put on hold by a gentleman as we literally were running to make it in time and got there at exactly 11pm. Your hostess was not very accomodating, told us they only reserve spots for 15min tops and said they close the kitchen at 11pm. It was 11:01 and from there I was already turned off by how we were treated. How is the kitchen close at 11pm when you initially gave us a choice of 11pm reservation time? So, she called the manager to see if we can still be seated. We waited patiently, then the lady manager came with Security. Yes, Mr. Gordon Ramsay, your SECURITY was standing there like he has no idea why he was there. I felt so emabarrased by what they were doing. My friend was still trying to make sense of our reservation, explaining that they could have given us atleast a minute consideration. And instead of arguing for 20 more minutes, they could have seated us and let us celebrate. They rejected us without apology, with no option or any kind of courtesy. Not even kind words. They wouldn't even give us the general manager's business card. I've never felt more humiliated and discriminated at a restaurant or any public place for that matter. Of all the nice restaurants in Vegas, we picked yours. Because we thought we are going to have the best experience, unfortunately, it was the worst! Felt like 1950's all over again. I still cannot believe that this thing still exist! Your name is your brand.. Gordon Ramsey, you surely did not build this empire from scratch so that people who work for you, who literally does not care about your vision can just easily ruin everything by being unprofessional and discriminating. I am completely appalled and will never go to any of your restaurant again, I will share our story to all our family and friends and all the people I know, and even to strangers. I will blog to all relevant sites and forums and tell them about our horrible experience.. Until your employees learn to treat people equally, with decency and respect and realize the value of humanity. I wonder, where is the love in your food???