I found a deal on Groupon and decided it would be nice to go cool off and have some fun. Man was i wrong. I would have rather stayed home and sat in the bathtub. \nThe place is very rundown, it needs some major paint and upgrades. Its also not a very clean park. I am beyond disappointed. Upon arrival they do a bag search and I had a small bag or chips in a zip lock bag that was very old and the guy made it seem like i was a criminal for trying to bring them in. I threw them away of course. I guess you can bring your own unopened waters into the park but nothing else. They want you to pay $18 for a hamburger! Crazy talk! We just didn't even bother eating there. So eat before you go if you even go. \nThe kiddie area was very run down and didn't offer much. The older kid area with the color slides was a little better but it was full of adults sitting in the shaded water part so there was no room for people with actual kids. \nThe lockers are $7 or $10 for a large. This was the first wave pool ive ever seen in my life where you had to wait in line to go in.. Normally you can just go right in.. Eventually they opened it up to everyone but to sit there for ONE wave every 5 MINUTES was boring. They need to have at least 3 or 4 waves and then a break. They use a load of chlorine in water so be prepared for your eyes to burn. \nThere was no really exciting rides at all. Most slides were simple and boring. Along with 50+ flat tubes laying everywhere. \nThe lifeguards need to chill out, you cant touch a wall here without them yelling and blowing their stupid whistle at you. Its annoying. They need to lighten up. \nAll the stuff that would make this place 10x better was closed off. I wont be coming back to BigSurf in my lifetime. I wish Groupon gave refunds for it because it was not even worth the $17 a person. I would not even pay $1 to go here.\nThe bathrooms are a mess and they dont have changing stalls. \n\nOne plus is that they do offer free lifejackets for kids. Thats about the only thing i liked about this place. \nWhere is the lazy river? Beats me. \n\nBeyond disappointed i wasted 3 hours here. Couldn't stand it any longer.