I don't want to like this hotel. I don't even really want to write this review. But I found myself Hotwire-ing a place to stay in Vegas for a summer weekend, and of course I waited until about 2 weeks before. So our options were limited and expensive. Fortunately, I've gotten to a point in life where staying at places like Circus Circus and the like are unacceptable. Trump Hotel became our most reasonable option on the north end of the strip.\n\nThere's a few things that stand out about staying at the Trump Hotel. There is no casino. I'm sure this is by way of not being able to attain a gaming license rather than by choice. For someone like me who doesn't care to gamble, having a casino in my hotel isn't a deal breaker. On the upside, when returning to the hotel from elsewhere, it's a straight shot to the hotel elevators and you don't have to walk through a long, smoky casino. That being said, it is a no smoking facility. Hooray for the non-smokers and a breath of fresh air that I usually don't get while in Vegas. \n\nParking is valet only. This one I am impartial to. I don't mind self park, especially if it comes free. If you have a car, you will be taking it to valet. There is also a free shuttle van to both the Wynn and Caesar's Palace. They run about every 15 minutes. On our weekend we happened to make plans to go to XS and Omnia, so this worked out perfectly for us.  \n\nBottled water in the rooms were complimentary and when we checked in, they encouraged us to come to the front desk for more if we needed. Seeing as I don't think temperatures ever dropped below triple digits the entire weekend, extra water was definitely needed. \n\nThe room itself was spacious and clean. We had a room with a King and pull out sofa and a kitchenette. The bathroom had a bathtub, shower, and double sink and was also really spacious. In general, luxury is a good word to describe the amenities within this hotel. Our room faced west so our view was of the 15 freeway and Palace Station. \n\nI didn't have a chance to check out the pool or fitness center, although I was wishing I had more time to. I also didn't check out the gift shop. That one I have less desire to see.\n\nCheckout time was originally 11 am. We were able to extend it to 12 pm for no extra charge. Thanks for a good stay and the extra hour to recover!