This has been a NIGHTMARE move.  Not only did they break a lot of things (computer monitor, mirror, printer) they LOST a lot of things.  As I finish up unpacking the stuff that did make it to my house,  it angers me that the response from Move4less about my missing items has been lack luster at best.  As the month ends I've rcvd only 2 emails in response to my emails looking for my lost items and in the 2nd one they asked ME if I had found someones box of diplomas and certifications which may have been delivered to me!  Why can't they keep track of peoples things?  Isn't that part of the service?\n\nThe problem is - they hire another company to make their long distance moves. The truck that picks up your items IS NOT the truck that delivers them.  They take your stuff back to a warehouse, unload the truck, and wait to have a full load going in your direction.  At that point they reload your items onto the new truck, and new COMPANY makes the delivery.\n\nThey say they use a \"Bingo\" system to make sure all items get reloaded and are tagged so that they can tell by the color of your tag which load it belongs to which customer.  The problem is, somewhere along the way other peoples items get mixed in with yours.  And your items get mixed in with other peoples.  \n\n I know for a FACT they repacked some of my items into large wardrobe boxes.  They didn't charge me for that, but i guess it was easier for them to load and ship.  When they originally picked up my items I noticed them doing this, and that was fine.  But when things were delivered I saw there were WAY more wardrobe boxes then before.  I figure that once it got to the warehouse someone decided there were too many lose items and small boxes and they consolidated them into large wardrobe boxes. \n\nMake sure that you keep all your paperwork!  If you read my other review you will see that I had to force the movers to slow down and let me check off boxes on my inventory sheet.  They kept bringing things in and i tried my best to keep up, but at the end there were still unchecked items.  I should have raised hell then and made them go back to their warehouse or call earlier deliveries.  Don't let them push you into signing off on ANYTHING.  \n\nOh and the insurance is a scam.  I almost brought the extended insurance.  I even had the van driver write it up UNTIL I read the fine print.  You have to lose \/ have damages of over $1000 worth of items before the extended insurance kicks in.  So I said to him, if you guys only damage $500 worth of items, what happens.  He told me the original insurance is in play at that point.  Not until the minimum deductible of $1000 is met will the extra insurance kick in.  And while I'm missing a lot of things, some of it is priceless (bills, credit card statements, w -2 statements) I don't think it would quite make it to $1000, probably closer to $850 .  So in my case I don't think the extended insurance would have helped me.  I'm still waiting for Move 4 Less to send me my documents I need to file a claim.  The woman in charge of this doesn't seem to be taking me very seriously.  \n\nSo I'm on here with this plea:  If you had a move in December from Las Vegas to Houston and have items that don't belong to you PLEASE call Move4Less.  For the people with the box of paperwork, don't even THINK of setting up credit accounts with the info in those documents!  I have credit guard and added Credit FREEZE to my account.  So without a password and PAYING to unlock my credit you will get NOTHING!  So why not just give it back?  \n\nThe people w\/ my printer and leaf blower, come on, have a heart and give them back!  They only give you pennies for your lost items!  They guys with my blue luggage, a lot of the clothes in there are fairly new.  Its my winter wardrobe which doesn't get a lot of use while in Vegas, but I sure could use them here in Houston!  So PLEASE call Move4Less and have them pick up the items.  Also if anyone has that poor guys box of diplomas and certificates come on!  He worked hard for those.  Call Move 4 Less and give them back!  I know its  a pain, you didn't steal them, you just got them dumped on you by incompetent movers. But while they mean nothing to you, they are priceless possessions to someone else. \n\nFor local moves, Move4Less was fine.  But this move has changed the way I view them.  They have been pretty unresponsive about getting me my stuff and \/or sending me the paperwork to put in a claim.   I can't recommend them anymore.  \n\nFor anyone doing a long distance move.  ONLY work with a company like Allied.  The people that pick up your belongs are the same ones that drop it off.  Your items never leave the truck that picks them up until they are on your doorstep.   I've used Allied b4 and they were great!  I only went with Move4less because they could pick up on a Sunday and I really hadn't had a bad experience when doing a local move.  Allied had a HUGE fee for pick ups with less than 7 days notice.