I was very impressed, I must say. This might sound a bit nerdy, but I was pretty excited all weekend to write this review. :-) \n\nFrom what I know of the Fox Restaurants I figured Sam would not fail with this new concept. I heard that the concept behind this one was to create an atmosphere for a steak house that women would feel comfortable in. Thinking about other steak houses they all feel a bit dark and uncomfortable. Anyone can feel comfortable and invited into Modern Steak. It has a very clean, bright and cushy feel. The patio is apparently climate controlled, I was unable to test out this rumor myself, but I believe it. \n\nSo.... we sit down, the server greeted us in a timely manor, I ordered a black tea and my friend ordered the green tea. Probably some of the best iced tea I have had in a long time. Come to find out that this tea was specially blended for Modern Steak, woot woot, Sam Fox is kind of a big deal I guess. haha Point being, get the black tea, way good! We then checked out the menu, lunch menu as were out and about shopping after recovering from our New Year's hangover from hell, and came to find the prices really weren't all that crazy; $15 for a Kobe beef burger with fries or slaw, $11 for a huge Cobb salad, $11 for a club samy, $23 for a steak, you get the picture. We ended up getting the Cobb salad and the Kobe burger to split. Without us having to ask they split both entrees on to separate plates and bowls for us, AND didn't try to squeeze unnecessary money out of us by charging us a \"split plate charge.\" That made me happy. Both items were fantastic and way more food than the two of us could finish. I will quote my friend (who works at one of the better burger joints in town) as saying \"This burger si way better then ours.\" We were even too full to try any of the desserts that I am sure would have been amazing, speaking from experience at other Fox Restaurants (i.e. the amazing chocolate banana crepes at North). \n\nI cannot wait to go back for dinner... at which point I am sure I will need to find a rich date to take me, as the dinner prices\/entrees are a bit more than lunch, but that is to be expected. Go check out Modern Steak if you get the chance, it's well worth it!