Welcome to Leslieville, Skin + Bones!!  To quote my wife, make no bones about it, but this is a wine-lovers wine bar.  I really love the restaurant's clarity of concept and discipline in execution.  They plan to have upwards of 40 whites and 40 reds available by the glass once they are fully up and running.  These wines will come from a wide range of regions and price points, which gives those of us hoping to improve our understanding of wine a great place to learn.  \n\nYesterday, which was their opening day to the public, they had about 15 whites and 15 reds by the glass.  I was positively overwhelmed by the choice: from Prince Edward Country to Niagara to Cali to Greece to Portugal.  Lots of choice and interesting varietals rarely seen elsewhere.  The quality of wines was excellent.  Firstly, many of the wines that were on the list were from some of personal favourites when I lived in California.  Secondly, we loved the Petit Syrah (Bogle, California), Grenache (Languedoc\/France, 2009) and Tempernillo that we tried.  \n\nThe menu, which is a small, ingredient-driven menu at the moment, consists of 3-4 appies, snacks, and mains, which is set to expand as they grow.  The food was good, but I think they're still working things out.  The foie gras starter on crostinis and quince were delicious.  We tried two mains: the pork belly with octopus salad and the trout.  The pork belly and octopus was delicious.  It comes with a perfectly fried and delicious seasoned arancini (rice ball).  Better than any I've had in Italy!  The trout was pan seared and served with kale and potatoes.  It was served with a wonderful broth\/sauce, but I found the fish a touch over seared.  We shared our feedback with the kitchen and they were receptive! \n\nI must commend the service, especially considering how long they've been open.  Our server was not only friendly and efficient, but she also had a deep knowledge of wine: able to provide us with great recommendations and good pairings.  All staff members were super friendly and fun to chat with.  Honestly, typing this recommendation has made me want to drop by after work for some wine!  Eeek!\n\nCan't wait to become an official oenophile now that Skin + Bones is open!