I used to come to Chicken Bonz when it was Chicken Bonz every Friday night and get take out. 10 fingers lemon pepper with their tasty dipping sauces and ranch. Since it has changed to Meat, Chix and Weiners, we have dined here 3 times. The awesome girl at the counter who has always helped me said everything will stay the same and the owner just didn't want to pay the franchising fee anymore. That would be false. Everything has changed. \n\nFirst off, the prices have increased. The price for what used to be a 10 piece is now an 8 piece. The quality of the chicken has also changed. You know how when you buy frozen chicken tenders at the grocery store, they're all identical in shape and size? Oddly enough, so are the fingers served at MCW. They didn't used to be clones of one another, so strike one.\n\nSecondly, the name is just disgusting. I had to tell my children that they're not allowed to say the name of this establishment anymore & just call it chicken bonz. It's funny to the middle school crowd, I suppose, but not appropriate for people with small children or those that respect themselves enough to not eat a place with such a dumb name.\n\nThird, they took away all the perks that made this place worth coming to. Kids eating free with purchase & AYCE wings every day have now changed to kids don't eat free, infact, they're watching Family Guy (which I wouldn't ever let my children even listen to) in the store, and there's only AYCE wings for an extra dollar than before on Tuesday only. When I was there once, two guys walked out after reading they don't have AYCE anymore and that it would be too pricey.\n\nLastly, the salad bar is disgusting. You can get AYCE salad for a cheap price, but it's gross. The lettuce is old and limp when I went at 2PM, they're too cheap to buy cherry tomatoes & instead just cut up a Roma, they have dry dry dried out baby carrots, and canned sliced black olives. It is a weird canvas to make a salad out of. Do NOT expect sweet tomato variety here. It's not even close. Just imagine someone strolling through the canned food aisle, grabbing random crap, and throwing it right onto your plate!\n\nThe owner was sick of paying the franchising fee but every time I have gone back since they've changed, it has been completely DEAD. So unfortunately, since he was too cheap to pay the franchising fee, he now has no business at all. What's worse? He has turned what used to be a family restaurant my friends & I enjoyed bringing our children to dine at is now the complete opposite serving frozen chicken with limp salads. I guess I'll drive a little bit further to Raisin' Canes (which I never used to eat at when Chicken Bonz was open. I happily paid more for quality).