I love this place, and if you went there, you would love it too.\n\nOne of the (many) things I miss about Southern California are the (usually)Charbroiled Burger spots that blanket the entire area from Ventura down to San Diego:  Legends like the o.g. Astro Burger, Galaxy Burger, Douglas Burger, Tam's, etc.   These burger joints served awesome burgers, great grilled sandwiches (Patty Melts, anybody?), and almost always, a great, greasy breakfast on the cheap.  Oh, and they made their food proper.... American Cheese on all burgers and sandwiches, thousand island on the burgers, no up charge for grilled onions, yadda-yadda-yadda, you get the point.  Sadly, AZ seriously lacks in these types of establishments.\n\nEnter Giant Hamburgers.  While their burgers aren't charbroiled, they're wonderful.  Their Grilled Ham and Cheese is out of this world (just remember to order it \"plain\" with only the ham and cheese on buttery, grilled sourdough... YUM!).  Try an open-faced chili burger, or maybe even a gardenburger, if you like retarded shit.  Their Chili-Cheese fries are a real treat, especially since they melt a few slices of American Cheese on top instead of that bullshit cheddar some places use.  Thirsty for something sweet?  Try a hand-made, uber thick shake.  Still hungry after all that?  Have a jumbo slice of homemade pie.\n\nWait!  What if it's 9am and your stomach's not ready for Chili Cheese Fries?  No problem, their breakfasts will surely satisfy any cravings you might have.  Sold as a Single, Double, or Triple, their egg combos come with eggs, hash browns, toast, and your choice of chorizo, ham, sausage, hamburger patty, bacon, or steak for an additional charge.  Don't want eggs?  No problem, they've got pancakes and the best looking biscuit and gravy plate I've seen in years.\n\nYou order at the counter and they bring the food out to you as you're chillin' in 50's-style booths enjoying the music and ambiance of an old school diner.  The place is always busy and the staff is always very friendly, but not in an overly friendly, obnoxious way.  A Triple breakfast plate will set you back about $8 with tax.  Burger, fries, and a drink will get you for about the same.  They are more than willing to substitute or customize your order however you want it, usually at no charge.  \n\nYou will enjoy this place, trust me.