I am very sorry to report I must give a negative review to this gym. I had SUCH high hopes for it. Nice, location, clean, good equipment, etc. I was a walking billboard for this place.\n\nBut I can no longer support that position. It has become a nightmare over there.\n\nIt is run by people who seem like they are pretending to run a business and seem to know nothing about it. In the first 6 months I was there, they charged my credit card for a 6 session training package I never bought. It took almost two months of screaming up the corporate ladder for them to reverse that charge (but they did!). After that, I had questions about the massage program. Steve Lubarsky gave me many many different answers about the prices and when I pushed him to either give me a consistent price or let me speak to someone at Meridien (their management company), he refused. I found out later from Kevin Kavanaugh, that they never had a license to perform massages and Steve was basically stalling until he could figure out what to do to cover his ass. He then proceeded to halt the program immediately, which certainly speaks for itself. \n\nSince then, I have tried very earnestly to straighten things out with corporate and at the very least get an apology for Steve ignoring my requests while he covered his ass, but they refuse to do so. So, I would say, do NOT go to this gym. They are a corporate mess. They just fired one GM and they have hired a new one, but I heard he was ready to quit. It's a mess. \n\nAdditionally, every person I have brought in who joined as a member has since quit because of the non-stop pressure from David Riviera to buy training packages. If you decide to ignore my advice and join, be prepared for daily texts and phone calls urging you to buy overpriced training packages. \n\nAnd everybody there pays a different price. I pay $99 a month. They charge friends of mine $130. Others pay $150. It all depends who you talk to and how desperate they are to make their membership quotas.\n\nOkay, have I made myself clear. I can't stress enough - STAY AWAY!!!!