A restaurant serving nothing but fried chicken? Yup, I'm on board! Although it's a bit of a stretch to call this a restaurant....it's almost like a snack bar. The food menu is pretty limited...chicken sandwiches, chicken strips or nuggets, and fries or slaw. That's it. And that's a-okay with me, because they fry up a dang good piece of chicken. \n\nOn my inaugural visit, I got a combo meal with a hot chicken sandwich, waffle fries, and a non-alcoholic drink (their non-booze drinks are limited to Coke, Diet Coke, or Turners iced tea). The food was good....like a tasty, non-chain version of Chik-Fil-A. The chicken was juicy and the crispy breading packed a perfect zip of heat. The bun was a soft, slightly sweet brioche that was the perfect envelope for the chicken. \n\nHowever, I do have two complaints. One, my sandwich was super salty. My husband had the same sandwich as me, and his wasn't salty, so whoever made mine must've accidentally over-seasoned. And two, the waffles fries were a bit crunchy for my liking. IMHWFO (in my humble waffle fry opinion), a good waffle fry should be crispy on the outside, but have a soft, fluffy interior. These fries were just straight up crispy, which to me means that they were a tad overdone. They were still tasty, but a little less time in the fryer and they would've been perfect. \n\nThe space itself is simple, consisting of a counter in the back for ordering and two small rows of tables lining both side walls (it's pretty small inside....there are maybe 9 or 10 tables total). The walls are adorned with chicken-themed wallpaper, which fits perfectly with the rustic-hipster vibe. My only complaint about the space is that there didn't appear to be any place to recycle (and given that they only sell their non-alcoholic drinks in cans or cartons, this is an oversight). \n\nOverall, not a perfect experience, but impressive enough that I'm sure this will become a regular snack spot. I'm especially interested in trying some of their frozen alcoholic cocktails next time around!