LA Fitness is fine. As long as you never have to make a request, make a complaint, ask for a manager, deal with the hordes of people, go into the hot tub, look for some paper towels, face a broken machine, bring anyone in on a guest pass, cancel your membership...yeah, other than that, it's fine. \n\nDisclaimer, I've never been to a class (though they must be good because they're always super popular), and I've never used the pool. At $40\/month + $100 initiation, this was probably one of the cheapest places I could to go considering I only really need access to the gym and its equipment. \n\nYes, it's big. Half of it is filled with Ellipticals and Stairmasters, for the cardio enthusiasts and the \"Yeah, I go to the gym all the time\" declarers who are there to lightly walk and watch dramas\/take selfies. The other half is filled with equipment, for those that want to do some strength building exercises and the hardcore roid bros. I once saw two roid bros have a face off at the chest press machines, adding more and more weight and looking redder and angrier.\n\nThe equipment is brand new but when something breaks...oh well! That's going to stay broken for at least 3 weeks. Same with the hot tub. And the sauna. Bathrooms have also been getting progressively dirtier. Paper towel dispensers are usually empty. Is that management's fault? Probably. Staff do seem to be notoriously unhelpful. Luckily, I'm a very easy customer and have never had to approach staff for anything but I've had family and friends alike tell me of their incompetence and downright rudeness.\n\nThat's not to say staff are annoyingly indifferent all the time, they COULD be super nice...if you're about to join the place or make a large purchase, like for personal training sessions. There are definitely some qualified trainers there, but also some that are questionably qualified. As in, they're probably not qualified at all. If you're considering the investment, make sure you shop around. \n\nWhile signing up to give your money away, that process still isn't a smooth as you'd like it to be. To get access to the gym, they encourage you to download their app. In order to login to their app, you need to receive a membership code from the front desk. 9\/10 times, they gave me the wrong code. Bringing in a friend on the guest pass isn't a simple procedure either. Need to take pictures and take ID like it's some sorta government application, damn.\n\nAnd lastly, cancelling your membership. After being a hassle-free stream of revenue ever since the gym opened, you finally decide for certain reasons, you gotta go. Thanks for your loyalty, here's the most inconvenient cancellation policy for ya. You can only cancel in person from 9am-5pm from Monday to Friday. Gosh! What a coincidence! Those are exactly the same hours I'm at work! Sure, there are other ways, you can print a specific template from their website (which also requires that stupid membership code) and mail it to headquarters in California...\n\nThere you have it. That is an accumulation of my 3 years at LA Fitness from start to finish. Bottom line is, it's fine as a no frills gym but they market themselves as one with frills, and the frills is where they fail. Cheap option to get some gains. Too cheap for you to gain anything beyond that. Goodbye LA, you'll always be remembered in my heart as \"just ok\". \n\n(84\/100) - 2017