Twice I've been here and I loved it both times.  With only my first encounter with the Notorious BIG burger, I was hooked. I don't care if it's breakfast, lunch, or dinner. I will ALWAYS get someone to order it so that if I don't order it myself I can still savor the bite of someone else's burger. The crunchiness of the chicharron, the tenderness of the pulled pork, and juiciness of the organic natural beef formed a trifecta of texture and flavors that unrelentingly left you wanting more. The problem was being able to finish it after eating an app plate of the poutine fries. Yes, perhaps it was not smart to order chorizo and cheese poutine fries prior to having a mondo sized burger but why try to make sense of these things?\n\nThe ahi tuna burger was fresh as expected and had great taste. It's definitely a viable option of meat is not your fare. I guess that day, my friend and I wanted to Surf and Turf our lunch so she ordered the ahi burger and I, the Notorious, and split them so we could have a half of each burger type. Notorious overshadowed ahi. No surprise there. \n\nA couple weeks late, my hubs and I returned so he can try this place. We came in for brunch. I had no idea they were open for brunch so it was my pleasant surprise that we were able to spur of the moment. I had a Peruvian Sunrise cocktail which reminded me of a mix between a mimosa and Pisco sour - so light, refreshing, and a smidgen sweet, so enjoyable! I made Bry order the Notorious and I tried the shrimp and grits. Shrimp were small but tastes really good with grits. I do not enjoy grits much, but I really enjoyed these grits and would definitely order again. I didn't learn from my mistake last time and begged them to make poutine fries even though they typically don't serve them until lunch. Our server Clayton was so kind to make it happen and voilá! Poutine fries again!!! Happy tummies resulted from this second encounter!\n\nTwo for two with my experiences at Joe's Midnight Run! No doubt, we shall be back here!!