I am always wary of getting my hair cut. And since moving three times in the last five years, once I find one I like, I move.  Being from Hawaii, I thought about going to Mahalo or Ohana, which are near my place. They have names of home and I figured they must be owned by someone from Hawaii or someone who could relate to the culture. After diligent research and perusing yelp reviews, I discovered that I dare not step into these places if I valued my hair. I found Level 42 and although it was 25 minutes north, it was well worth it!\n\nI was immediately greeted and offered something to drink. I asked for water and got it in a glass and not a paper cup, which, I thought, was a nice touch. I was scheduled with Kerri U. and she was fantastic. My husband tagged along and provided suggestions to Kerri to ensure I did not cut my hair the same way.... which I know I needed to change so his presence nudged me in the right direction. They have both individual sections and open chairs for other stylists. I liked that Kerri had her own section. Loved that all she had to do was swing me around for a wash and swing me back for the finishing touches - cut and blow dry.\n\nWe chatted and the conversation felt genuine which made me feel comfortable. I have had some hair dressers chat and it feel forced.... I hate that. Since we are new in town and to this area (Dilworth), Kerri provided several eateries and bars to try. She even took a few minutes to write them down for us. I love my hair and so did my husband. She did a perfect job. And although they have a closer location, I will continue to come to Kerri. When I paid, I received an unexpected $10 off.....score! \n\nWe met the owner, Cara, on our way out. She talked about how she started and that they now have three locations. Cara and my husband chitchatted about marketing (his passion) and she mentioned they have a program if you refer someone then, they AND you, receive $10 off. Smart program and encourages repeat customers. You can tell this is a top notch establishment and all workers were on the same page of providing excellent customer service! And yes, I asked about the name and it's from the book\/movie Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, pretty creative.