I love this place. The atmosphere is super comfy and chill, they've got really nice, sincere, and attentive people working there. Jazz music accompanies your lunch and they have all sorts of Ramen related books artfully scattered around the place. So if you're dining alone and want to read something more interesting than your work emails or your friends' facebook shares you've got something to fall back on. Me, I'm at Page 37 on the Ramen book, with nary a spot of soup on its pages. (yet)\n\nI've ordered pretty much everything from the top of the menu down to the desert list and can attest to the deliciousness of all the menu items.\n\nThe broth: OMG the broth. Not only do they offer both pork and or chicken but they ALSO have a vegetable broth that is just as satisfying to an omnivore such as myself as a meat based broth. All broths were expertly seasoned and were silky delicious and served with perfectly prepared toppings; the egg, the veg, the chaisu pork; everything. Just everything.\n\nBut yesterday! Yesterday I was blown away by a new dish that hit the menu. A soup that is not a soup! I was suspicious at first, but because I had never been disappointed with my menu selections I threw caution to the wind and ordered the Gururi Nakamichi.\n\nImagine this: A vegetarian broth fills the bottom third of your bowl. The next third you have thick udon noodles and atop this, you get a heaping mound of chopped red peppers, arugula, avocado, (or chicken if you want a non-veg option), seaweed, and of course the half-egg.\n\nI was instructed that to properly enjoy this colourful and elegant dish I should mix it all up so that the broth interacted will all the other ingredients. So I did that, and dug right in. (Side note: they use proper chopsticks here, not those horrible splinter sticks that are ubiquitous elsewhere. It's a pleasure to eat with them, knowing that you won't end up with lumber in you lips.)  The pepperiness of the arugula bit into and played against the Umami flavours of the rest of the meal - Umami so satisfying that you'll want to tell Umama all about it.\nThe udon noodles were thick and chewy adding to the heartiness of the meal. I never wanted this meal to end, it was so good.\n\nActually, I'm going back again today so if you see some guy hunched protectively over his bowl with sticks in one hand and a book in the other; that's me. Please forgive the little moans of bliss that might escape from time to time.\n\nOh, and all this for $12.75.