3.5 Stars.\n\nMy first experience at La Bella Napoli Pizzeria was really good, so I decided to bring a group of friends so that they could also give this place a try. I made a reservation for my party and we were seated upon arrival. They have tables inside as well outside on the back patio. The woman working up front was very welcoming and full of smiles as she seated us, but the owner didn't give us the same welcoming vibe. On my first visit he went around to all of the tables saying hello and checking to make sure everything was good including my table where he turned on heat lamps for us since it was a chilly night and we were on the patio. On my second visit he did the same to the other tables, but not ours. Instead the owner stood off to the side glaring at us it was bizarre. One of my friends wanted to change her seat so she wasn't facing him lol. The girl who took our order was very nice however she could have paid better attention when it came to refilling our drinks. \n\nItalian Trio ($5.42 HH price) - Roasted peppers and sauteed mushrooms with crostini. The peppers and mushrooms were good, but the bread was very hard. It could have broke glass. \n\nCiccio Boc ($13.85) - Red tomato sauce, red cherry tomatoes, sliced Parmesan, olive oil, arugula and small mozzarella balls. As if those toppings weren't sounding good enough to me, I noticed this pizza is made with a ricotta stuffed crust, yum! The crust had just the right amount of blistering and the bottom crust held the toppings well. The ricotta stuffed crust tasted really good. This is a pizza I'd order again and recommend to others. \n\nQuattro Formaggi ($14.85) - Tomato sauce, Mozzarella, Provola, Parmesan and Gorgonzola cheeses. I found the Gorgonzola to be extremely overpowering and it added a strong smokey flavor I just couldn't handle. I'd order this again and adjust the type of cheese they put on it since they weren't shy at all with making the pizza nice and cheesy. The crust was on point also.   \n\nAustralian Open aka Rachetta ($17.85) - This pizza is shaped like a tennis racket that is complete with a cheese filled handle. You read that right, cheese filled handle! The handle is filled with Ricotta, Provola and Parmesan. The toppings are red sauce, red cherry tomatoes, arugula, Parmesan, olive oil, basil, Parma ham and mozzarella balls. This pizza is what you should try at least once and they currently have 5 different rachettas to choose from on the menu. The toppings tastes fresh and all complimented each other well. Now the downside.... The pizza was only sliced half way so that 2 pieces could be pulled away and they didn't finish cutting the rest making it a bit hard for us all to get a decent slice without tearing it all apart. The handle absolutely needed more cheese inside it! I was a bit bummed when we cracked open the handle and it was mostly empty with just some cheeses from the pizza outside of the handle that spilled over during baking. \n\nDominic Diavola ($13.85) - Tomato sauce, hot coppola, roasted sweet peppers, hot peppers, mozzarella, Parmesan, olive oil and fresh cracked pepper. This is listed in big bold letters on the menu that's it's spicy. While everyone at my table really enjoyed this pizza, most of us found it not to be spicy, but rather have great flavor from the combination of toppings without a huge kick to our taste buds.  \n\nTiramisu ($8.85) - Decent size and tasted great. Perfect ending to the meal. \n\nWhen it came time for the bill I became a bit uncomfortable. We had a Groupon and the server said the owners don't allow her to take the printed paper voucher and can only accept it if you give them your log in and password info for Groupon so they can redeem it that way. That is just ridiculous! No joke this server pulled out her personal cel phone and said to put in my info. I refused to do that and even with the really shitty cel signal at Town Square I was able to get Groupon open on my phone where I told her she can mark it redeemed in front of me there, not on her phone or any other employee. I saw her go over the the owner and talk to him about it, and he seemed not happy, but allowed me to do it that way. Nobody should ever be giving out personal passwords and log in info like that and they shouldn't offer a Groupon if they aren't going to honor it the ways it's intended.  \n\nThey have an all you can eat buffet from 11 am - 2 pm on Fridays for $13.85 which is worth checking out. Out on the back patio they have misters in the summertime and heat lamps in the winter. La Bella Napoli Pizzeria is located upstairs in Town Square.