You should do your best to avoid this particular GameStop. I had gone to this one around May 2011 and did not have a great experience. I went there to purchase a gaming system and a game to go with it. There was only one associate available at the time. It took him about 15 to 20 minutes to service each customer. I really didn't expect nor want to stand in line for more than 5 minutes. He should have done more to not prolong the amount of time he spent with each customer the moment he noticed the line was growing. He was speaking Spanish to the customers at the front of the line. I didn't have too much a problem with that(I do speak Spanish) but he could have at least acknowledged the growing line behind the rest of them. I eventually left after standing in line for what was perhaps a half hour and went over to the nearby Target. They seem to not understand that they're not the only one in town who sells games. \n\nYesterday(02\/19\/12) I found myself there again. Unfortunately, I live very close to this location. I did not intend to go there but was hoping that service had changed over the last 8 months. I went online to reserve a game at the one on 91st and Northern. I had chosen this one as a secondary location to pick-up in case the one on 91st and Northern would be unable to locate a copy. I had reserved a NEW copy of a particular game and the one on Northern stated they did not have them. This one stated they did. I got there and they didn't even have it reserved. One of the three associates had to pull it from the display. The other two had no idea what I was talking about(talk about professionalism.) I had finalized the purchase and then noticed it was USED. I politely stated that I wanted a new one and I was told \"we don't have new ones.\" \n\nI specified on the website that I was in search of a NEW copy. There was a small $2 difference between new and used and that's not exactly a deep discount. I was brushed off after he stated they didn't have a new copy, so then I stepped out. I went somewhere for about 15 minutes and came back. I just could not keep what was sold to me. It was coated in crud and the discs were badly scratched. I went back to return it and was not given an apology. They have no idea how to service customers in the order in which they arrived. One man was rude enough to cut ahead and the man I had to deal with had no problem with that. I was asked to sign something for the return and they didn't have a pen. Then let me sign with a BOLD marker. \n\nThe man's professional appearance left a lot to be desired. He had his right sleeve rolled up because he had just gotten a tattoo. I don't know what's so wrong with this particular location. I'd have to blame it on incredibly poor management. I wasted so much time there. If they simply read that I wanted a NEW copy, then this could have all been avoided. \n\nI found a NEW copy of the game online for less than their price of a used one. Word to the wise: do not step foot in this store.