Dr Greenberg saved my life. Dramatic sounding right? Yeah. It was. \n\nWhen I got to Dr G I had tried to kill myself, I had been in and out of a mental institute twice in one month and was still taking a handful of the same anti depressants and sleep aids every morning and night that I had tried to kill myself with in the first place. Sound ridiculous? Yep, totally. Welcome to Western Medicine's cure for bi polar.\n\nI could get into all the side effects of the 6 medicines I was taking but I'll just pick my favorites like the unhealthy loss of weight, the hair loss and loss of my mind...I was a drooling, balding zombie mess. Plus who doesn't like texting nonsensical notes at 3am and not remembering what you said and to whom you sent the message?!? Oh yes, I did.  \n\nSo then I meet Dr G and everything changes. I show up for the appointment with my best girlfriend, I knew I would need help getting my facts straight. Brain full of medicated mush as it was. He asked me about everything. Not just what was going on now but what had gone on before, what I liked to eat, how I slept, what my family was like and many many more details about me than I thought I even had. We were there a long time and he really asked questions to be clear about exactly what I meant by what I said. After listening to the rumblings of this mad woman somehow he understood what I needed. He gave me a small white ball, imagine those white dots on a Sno Cap, I thought, oh sure, this will help. Not! \n\nWell, it started working and pretty quickly. I went to Dr G every month for around a year then we spaced out the visits and now I go as needed. Sometimes I get a new remedy and sometimes I don't. We talk it out and see what I need.  After I saw the changes I was experiencing with  Dr G's help I brought my son to see him as well for his acne and anxiety. The change in my sons confidence is outstanding.  He is our go to doctor. \n\nI can't say enough about Dr G. I have never felt this good ever in my life. Thank you Dr Greenberg!!