So, it was time for me to stock up on bras.  I wanted to go get properly fitted, as I think every girl should at some point in thier lives.  \n\nThis place was great!  It's located right in Scottsdale, in the same shopping complex as Saba's Western Wear.  Its a small little boutique, cute, quiant and comfy.  It really felt like someones home.  Pink walls, lots of bras, and other odds and ends for women of all sizes.\n\nThis place caters to ALL women of every shape size and color.  They carry a full line of support for women who are full busted or not, along with post op breast surgery stuff as well.  They carry a full line of product.  They will even special order stuff for you.\n\nOn Saturdays, they are only open between 10-2, and closed on Sundays.  They advertise as being by appointment only, but you can walk in and shop just like I did.  I was greeted by a young lady who was professional in every way.  I asked her a lot of questions, and she was able to answer every single one for me.  I told her I just needed a few every day bras, nothing fancy or exciting.  \n\nShe had me step into a fitting room, and measured me for size.  She brought in a variety of bras, and I tried on each one to see what I liked best.  To my delight, most of the bras in the store were all reasonable in cost to what I would spend elsewhere...between $40-70 dollars.  \n\nI should also mention that the measuring was obviously at no charge.  I was so thrilled to actually have someone who knew what they were doing during the entire session!  No pushy saleswomen, no bad information, no trying to upsell me on a bra I didnt want or need.  \n\nI also found out that they have a location in Tucson, and that has been around for about 50 years, and thier Scottsdale location has been around for about 15 years.  Quite impressive.  \n\nThis place was totally what I needed.  Real service, by women who knew what they were doing, no pressure to by and I actually learned A LOT while I was there about bras and such.  Some of it I already knew, but some was new to me as well.\n\nGive this place a try.  I think you'll be impressed, and be as happy as I was with the experience.