Since my original review the Chef has changed a number of times and the Wrigley Mansion has been remodeled some. This is a lovely old multi million dollar mansion that sits on a mountain top with lovely views.  There are reasonable fees to dine here that are donated to charity. It's almost the same fee for a year membership so if you plan to come here twice in the year it's more economical to just buy a year's membership. They also do tours and you can add on a lunch option. \n\nI am a big fan of Christopher's Restaurant so I wanted to try The Wrigley Mansion again since Chef Christopher is the executive chef in charge. \n\nThey started us off with baguette and butter. It didn't seem like Christopher's but was still tasty.\n\nI started out with the Corn Gazpacho. It was a cold soup cucumber soup that was thickened with corn. As a gazpacho the soup was good but they didn't use the best corn and the corn used was tasteless.\n\nFor my main plate I went with the Smoked Salmon Appetizer because at Christopher's this plate was to die for.........It's a completely different plate here. It's not bad....but it's not Christopher's. The Smoked Salmon was cut a little thick and was slightly leathery. However the addition of caviar made it seem sort of special.\n\nMy husband picked the Cuban Sandwich made with Roasted Pork and Spam was very good. (The Spam is a cute Nod to the Hormel Ownership)\n\nWe shared a Summer Truffle Macaroni and Cheese. Didn't taste any Truffles but hey it was only $10.00 so that was expected. To add Good Truffles to any dish is extremely expensive. The noodles were cooked nice. the dish was creamy and cheesy...It was good.\n\nMy plate was ultra light so I saved room to try the lemon tart because I always loved that dessert at Christopher's. The dessert came out less detailed but still had the same wonderful lemony flavor. Crust was thicker here...\n\nI'd rate this visit as a 3.5 ....hoping dinner is the sweet spot here. I loved the atmosphere and the friendly professional service.