Blown away by this place the first visit, a few Saturdays ago around 9ish. The bouncer was the first person I talked with. Super cool guy. Next guy was Jeff the manager? and he was super cool as well. I like talking to people everywhere I go so I started to strike up conversations with the first people I ran into. Almost all the girls were super hot that night. I would say they all could be hot, just depends on the type of girl you like. Tons of variety. Only one pushy girl that had a raspy voice from smoking and it was easy to get her off my back. Not my type but she was an in shape brunette with c cups. I had a dance with 3 girls and they are all very sexy. 2 topless dances, 1 full nude that allowed me to see some close up nether regions! Brooke was the best and I look forward to becoming a regular of hers. Beautiful and sweet girl! \nSecond time was a Monday evening and the place was dead. 3 girls and none of them even looked at me so I was disappointed. This guy with a Ford raptor was getting all the attention from them so I left. \nThird time was last Saturday evening from 7pm to 9:30pm. I was the only person there at first, so I felt like a pervert. Not even an old creepy man! Almost left but soon people started to show up. Enjoyed the nude side the best that night because the topless side had some pretty chunky girls. Sophia was the best on the nude side, 10\/10. I can't believe how beautiful this girl is. My opinion, probably the most beautiful woman I have ever seen and I am super picky. I saw all of her from head to toe, no touching though. Paid for 1 nude dance and enjoyed every second. Looking to become a regular of hers. They did have a new girl up there who....well was new so she sucked but she was cute I guess. Too young for me. She looked 16 so I averted my eyes, I couldn't watch anymore. \n\nDefinitely worth a go at this place. It's also huge compared to all the other places I have been too. But the reviews are mixed on this place. I am simple and easily pleased so I enjoy the full nude side and I have enjoyed the dances. Something about a full nude girl on  the stage..... but I do prefer the topless lap dances over the full nude. I like touching soft skin. Definitely better at Bourbon Street but I will continue to frequent this place here and there.