kabuto review #3\nMy 3rd visit, excellent as usual, and I'll just ramble on about sushi again.  \n\nTonight, they had fuji apple sake aperitif, so I went with that as I've had the pineapple aperitif before.  Very subtle but flavorful.  As they have a liquor license now, I went ahead and ordered a carafe of sake called....now I can't remember, it was the 2nd one from the top and $13 for a carafe.  I was going to order it nurukan (slightly warmed), but the waitress said that it's got some body and fruitiness, and recommended it be served cold so I did.  this is pretty standard procedure where fruity sake, especially ginjyo or daigingyo are served chilled, although there are quite a few people who like them warm\/hot as well.  Appetizer today was ika geso (squid leg\/tentacle) wakame and cucumber salad.  This may have been my favorite appetizer so far.  \n\nThey had some stuff today I've never had before.  Ira (tusk fish) and umeiro (ume snapper) I've never even heard of.  They are apparently from kyushu (southern most big island) and usually consumed there, so they usually don't make it out to Tokyo area.  Isaki (striped pig) was very good, Kohada (shad) is a must have and it was braided today (see my photo), which completely changes the texture and I personally like it when the shad is on the big side.  We also had blue fin tuna, chu-toro, katsuo (bonito), Ikura (salmon roe), sakura masu (cherry salmon), ika (squid), and anago (salt water eel).  I also ordered ma-aji (jack mackerel), sayori (half beak), and zuke (soy marinated tuna).  \n\nThe best one today was ma-aji (jack mackerel).  itamaesan was especially proud of this fat, juicy mackerel as it's in season, and one nigiri piece was one half of this plump fish.  Very nice.  Aji is served raw as opposed to saba (japanese mackerel) which is usually salted\/vinegared.  Aji is often served with a pinch of grated ginger as it may have a fishy taste\/odor, but no need for that today as aji was very fresh.  \n\nMiso soup today had nameko, which is this small slimy mushroom that I've never seen out here and it's always been one of my favorite things to put in miso soup.  \n\nHand roll today was negi-toro, which is one of my favorite things.  A lot of people mistaken that it's a toro, but traditionally, it's not necessarily toro, but scrapings from fatty part near the skin or between the ribs, that's why it's pasty as it was scraped off.  I always like that hot tamago to finish the dinner off :D\n\nI was talking with itamae-san about what's coming in season in the next few months to come. Botan-ebi from Santa Barbara will be good until end of June.  Now, if they have it when you are there, you should definitely order it.  They call this sweet shrimp, but it's very different from those thin \"sweet shrimps\" you get at AYCE places, we call those little ones ama-ebi, which literally means sweet shrimp.  Botan means, peony, and it's called botan ebi because its bright red body resembles peony flower. These are big, fat, plump shrimp\/prawn and for whatever reason, botan-ebi is only good when eaten fresh and raw.  This is in contrast to kuruma-ebi (usually translated black tiger prawn, but it's different) which doesn't taste good raw, thus served boiled.  \n\nOthers that will come into season will be tsubu-gai from Maine, which is this really tasty, chewy clam.  In the summer, shinko will be in season, which is baby kohada (gizzard shad), which is also called konoshiro when bigger.  We call these types of fish shusseuo, which are types of fish that change names as they get bigger and include fish like shinko\/kohada as well as yellow tail and amber jack.  Anyway, shinko is tiny.  Perhaps as big as your thumb, and if you've had kohada, you know that a LOT of work goes into preparing it, filleting, deboning, salting, vinegaring, and as small as shinko is, it takes even more effort and amount\/time of salt\/vinegaring is adjusted by the size\/thickness of shinko\/kohada.  As shinkos are very small, you'd usually place several fillets on nigiri as opposed to one piece for kohada.  When shinko is in season, all of the sushi lovers in Japan rush to their favorite sushi-ya to savor the arrival of summer sushi season.  I can't wait :D  Then there is winter sushi...plump hirame, fatty tuna, gorgeous yellow tail from the sea of Japan....mmmm.