No officer I am here for the pizza I swear. I am writing a review for Peter Piper Pizza?!? Have I lost my mind? Perhaps but that has nothing to do with it. We got coupons at work to entice us to try their new All You Can Eat Lunch Buffet. I took the free one. I won't turn down free food. None of my coworkers were willing to come with me. I think this place has got a bad rap for screaming kids and bad pizza. It was lunch time so there were not any kids. Well maybe 3 kids. There were a few other adults there for the buffet which runs Mon - Fri 11am to 2pm. It is normally $5.50 per person but I had the free coupon.\nNow the place was nice enough. Clean. Not too many video games. Just win ticket games. All kids want to do is win tickets to get crap that is shoved in the back of the closet after the first day but they just have to have it right then. They did have skeeball, air hockey and Pac Man. So that is at least something.\nThe selection on the buffet line was not to extensive. Three different salads and about 8 to 10 different pizzas with bread sticks and cinnamon dessert pizza. But the pizza was not too bad. It wasn't good either but better than some other chain delivery places. The dessert pizza was pretty good too. When I went back a second time for a few more slices they had a few pies that were fresh out of the oven and they were a little better. Pretty good piping hot out of the oven.\nWould I go back again and pay $5? Possibly. For all you can eat for $5 plus $2 for a drink it wasn't bad. Plus they had Coke Zero so extra points for that. Would any of my coworkers go with me? No. Too much of a reputation for bad pizza and screaming kids. They wouldn't believe me when I said it wasn't that bad. Would it be my first choice? Probably not but I might just come back at some point.\nIt is not the best pizza ever but it was better than I thought it would be. Better than some. It was quick and easy and I was back at work in plenty of time. For $5 I might go again at some point when I am craving all you can eat pizza. Give it a try. Don't just dismiss it based on face value and preconceived notions. If you don't like it you are only out $5.