So you know what, this may come as a surprise to many of you - seeing as I've been to Vegas about 18 times in the last 3 weeks - but I actually can't stand the place. And I mean that in the nicest way possible, but I really, really, really despise it and everything about it. Sooo, while I didn't think it was fair to review the hotels or the clubs or much of anything else because I would most likely give em 1 star and just rip em apart (because again, I can't stand Vegas), I however thought it was worth telling you about Raffles. I ate at Raffles twice when I was there this weekend. Once because SJ demanded we late night eat at 4am and the second time, the next day, I was there for breakfast just a few hours later. \n\nThe place is CAVERNOUS and during our 4am seating, we got put all the way in the back in a corner behind some palm trees. I have no idea why because let's be honest here. It's not like the classiest clientèle rocks up to a 24 hour diner (in Vegas!) at 4am so not sure who you were hiding us from. But no offense taken because we did start with the nachos - yes, I said \"start\" - which were about the size of, oh, a toddler give or take. To the amazement (horror?) of our waiter, we finished every goddamn chip on that plate. However, I think someone's eyes may have been bigger than their stomachs because we couldn't even touch a french fry, let alone the burgers that came out 20 min later. But it was delicious and massive portions for not a totally obscene price. Which is very refreshing in Vegas.\n\nNext up to bat: breakfast! After noodling a bit on what to get - do I go healthy and get yogurt and berries or do I get what I really want, fried eggs, bacon and hash browns?? I of course opted for the fried option. Once again, big ol portions, tasty fare and a big carafe of unlimited coffee which is much appreciated after a heavy night. \n\nI am docking one star both for the sheer fact this is a 24 hour diner in Vegas but mainly because you stuck me in a corner. Nobody sticks CK in a corner!