This whole review saddens me.  I was this shop's biggest fan.  My last experience with the front man was disappointing, but what I would discover later warrants a warning to everyone else.\n\nI took the car in because unlike every other vehicle on the planet, my A\/C was losing temp while moving, but getting cold again while idling.  I also asked for an oil change and a complete inspection.\n\nUsually, either Patrick or Joe have coordinated with me.  This time it was Matt.  He called pretty quickly and advised my compressor was completely shot, but that did not explain the cooling issues.  As this compressor had only 10,000 miles on it, I explained I really needed to know what else could be causing the problem so I would know what I might be in for. Matt told me he couldn't make a guess and they could not diagnose the problem without replacing the compressor first.  He also advised I needed a new water pump belt and that the oil pan was leaking.  At this point, I opted to discuss it with my father first, my resident car expert.\n\nWhen I spoke with Matt again, I asked if they had let the A\/C run for a period while idling.  I got \"I assume so\" as an answer.  I also asked if they could just tighten the gaskets on the oil pan.  After a sarcastic response, he said the bottom of the pan was covered in oil, but it could wait.  In the past, I was provided that kind of info from the get go.   I also asked for a new compressor, not a rebuild.  I was discouraged and told a new part would probably only be available from the dealer at a substantial increase in cost.  I got the impression he just didn't want to look for the part, but he did agree to get a quote and speak with the technician.  \n\nLater Matt left a message that they had run more tests, and now they can say with certainty the compressor is the only problem.  So now I'm pretty disgusted by the fact that first he tells me they can't know if an $800 repair will fix the problem until I hesitate to get the repair, and now suddenly more tests materialize that allow them to properly diagnose it??  At this point, I still had chalked this up as poor communication from Matt, but I washed my hands of it letting my husband take over.  He opted to pick up the car with nothing but the oil change done.\n\nThis is where it goes from bad to worse.  My dad can get parts for less than half of retail, so we opted to have him buy the parts and his guy do the repairs. The new compressor was not difficult to find and did not have to come from the dealer.  Furthermore, my dad looks at everything before taking it in.  First thing he didn't find was an oil pan leak.  The oil on the pan was the oil blowing from the leaky compressor.  The gaskets were clean-not wiped clean, clean as in never been leaking.  His mechanic also confirmed there was no leak.  Second, brake fluid was low so apparently there was no fluid check with the oil change.  Third, oil drain plug was loose-loose enough to be tightened by hand.  Fourth, oil level is low!  It didn't appear to have all leaked out, but rather I was shorted on oil.  \n\nI am not certain whether there has been a change in mechanics or what is going on.  But it was really disheartening to be advised to do a $280 repair for a non-existent leak.  That's either dishonesty or an epic fail in diagnostic ability.  Not to mention a simple oil change was not done correctly either...again I don't know if that was intentional because we opted to pick the car up or the work of sloppy technicians.  Regardless, I just don't feel I can trust Marshall's anymore.