\"Line cooking -- the real business of preparing the food you eat -- is more about consistency, about mindless, unvarying repetition, the same series of tasks performed over and over and over again in exactly the same way. The last thing a chef wants in a line cook is an innovator .... Chefs require blind, near-fanatical loyalty, a strong back and an automaton-like consistency of execution under battlefield conditions.\" - an excerpt from Kitchen Confidential by Anthony Bourdain.\n\nBeing consistent is what separates a good restaurant from a great one. The lack of consistency can also make a good restaurant less than average. Customers loyal to certain restaurants want to be able to go out, have the meal they seek, recreated exactly how they remember it the last time they had it. Any deviation of this, any letdown from preconceived expectations can lead to hurt feelings not to mention a less than stellar opinion of their once preferred place of dining. \n\nNeedless to say, over the years the food at the Winking Lizard has changed and for the worse. A lack of consistency if you will. The pizza dough recipe has changed, so has the sauce. The buffalo chicken wrap is no longer made with breaded chicken, they now use plain, dried out grilled chicken. The BBQ sauce recipe, perhaps what I used to enjoy most about the Lizard has also been altered. The burgers are no longer the same either. It's apparent they now use different buns and a different ground meat.  In general, the food looks sloppily prepared. It's as if the once proud line cooks were replaced overnight with dishwashers and bus boys lacking any sort of previous cooking experience.\n\nI've been patronizing the various NE Ohio Lizard locations for practically my entire life, but in the last few years, I've definitely noticed a change in food quality. I'm willing to bet the changes were a cost-cutting maneuver. It's apparent they've taken steps to purchase cheaper ingredients, alter recipes to save money and\/or switch to a cheaper food purveyor.\n\nI understand the hardships and many overheads it takes to keep a restaurant alive for over 25 years, but for fucks sake, if you need to save money, don't do it at the expense of the food! Gasp! The food (and beer) is the reason why you've grown into a community favorite, Mr. Lizard! The continued regression of quality surely isn't going to help to develop new customers, nor is it going to keep you from losing old loyalists.\n\nWhy the two stars? The beer. Thankfully, one of the few bright-spots remaining at the Lizard is their stellar selection of bottled and draft varieties.