Nom Nom Burger is simply put.....the BEST place to get a burger in the Charlotte area.  Sure, there are others but if you're looking for something different than just your standard burger this is your place.  Nestled back in an old noodle place that has been rightly forgotten Nom Nom has taken this shopping center by storm.\n\nWe met some friends out on a rainy (surprise) Saturday night.  We started with some appetizers.  I read good things about the Garlic Chili & Ginger Edamame.  As with everything I tasted last night it was amazing.  Normal, everyday edamame tossed with chili, garlic and brought to life with a hint of ginger.  This is something you must experience when you go.  I also was able to taste the Ahi Tuna Tartar.  Everything is better with mango and cilantro and Nom Nom punched this app in the mouth, home run guys!\n\nOn to why I was there, the burgers.  Specifically the Pad Thai Burger.  Marinated with a Pad Thai Sauce, dressed with julienne carrots, bean sprouts, garlic and a peanut aioli.  I ordered the spicy aioli on the side for extra kick.  This burger was awesome, the concept of bringing a classic thai concept to a burger is genius.  It had a lot of stuff on it, and maintained its integrity through the experience so that earns a few stars in my book.  \n\nThe burger on the plate is about 75% of the experience imo.  The side dish is a big part of the meal.  As with everything at Nom Nom, the fries were nothing short of wonderful.  For a paltry $1.50 upcharge I upgraded to the garlic fries.  They take regular fries, and toss them in garlic, and herbs to make the most awesome accompaniment to a burger.  These fries could stand alone and I could have eaten them as my meal and walked out happy.  Well worth it.\n\nWe finished up with the fried cheese cake which we all shared and enjoyed.  One thing that another person in my table had and raved about was the Peeking Duck, it looked fabulous and I must try it.\n\nI spoke with the owner while I was there and this guy knows his business.  He has been around for a while and has grown other businesses, he consults and helps others build successful restaurants.  I have no doubt in my mind that Nom Nom is a hit and will be around for many years to come.