Came to Mandalay Bay to see Iron Maiden. I wasn't staying at this hotel because it costs to much, so I walked there from NYNY. When I got there I stopped in a convenience shoppe to get a bottle of water. The lines were very long, as other concert goers had arrived and there were two registers working. As soon as I got up to the counter the employee didn't say a word, but immediately closed her register and walked away without warning. This left one cashier to manage a line of about 30. \n\nNext, we got to the Event Center and the crowd had grown considerably. This venue holds about 12K people, and once through security we were ushered into lines for ticket entry. The band protects themselves against scalping by requiring you to swipe the credit card you used to purchase your tickets in order to get your ticket for entry and seating. Once at the front of that line, I handed the worker my credit card and she refused to take it, telling me I was in the wrong line. I was then ushered into another line that was terribly long. I stood in that line for about 20 minutes until a staff member made an announcement that the line I was in was for people that had issues with their cards only, and that everyone else was to use the other lines (that I was already turned away from). I finally made it to the front again and was finally admitted inside. \n\nThe employees that worked the concessions were very rude. The band required all beverages to be removed from bottles and cans and poured into plastic cups. They were cups designed for draft beer and had no lids. In order to get a lid I had to purchase a Pepsi cup for the fountain drinks, but I was charged for a bottle of water AND a fountain drink to get the cup. $10 later I finally had water. \n\nThis venue was extremely disorganized and inefficient. It is my belief that the nasty attitudes that we endured from hotel and venue staff were discriminatory in nature. This was a heavy metal rock concert venue. Everyone was dressed according to the genre of music the band plays. I believe that the staff saw the crowd as being a class of people that were beneath them, therefore they treated us accordingly. The average age group of this even was 40+. This is a band that was popular in the early 80s, so its fan base is an older crowd. Many are even grandparents, and are professionals with educations and careers. Wearing leather and concert t-shirts certainly does not turn a 45 year old construction manager into a teenaged delinquent by any means, nor does it turned the highly educated college professor into a trashy groupie either. But that's how everyone was treated. \n\nOverall, the show itself was great. The support staff surrounding it just sucked. I recommend staying somewhere else, and I'm going to post on the Iron Maiden Fan Club blog and recommend they never play here again.