I have mixed opinions about Babies R Us because we've had our ups and downs with them over the past year.  But when it was all said and done everything worked out positively so I'll settle on 4 stars.\n\nWhen we found out we were expecting a baby and needed to start thinking about all the things one myst purchase in that situation, Babies R Us at the time was the first store that came to mind.  Hubs and I went in to start our registry and were instantly overwhelmed.  The store is huge, and for someone who doesn't yet know much about what babies need, I didn't know where to begin.  Thankfully the registry desk is near the entrance and the woman sitting there saw our dumbstruck faces and rescued us.  She helped us get started, gave us pointers on how to navigate the store, and provided some advice on other sticking points that other couples like us have run in to.  She was chipper and excited for us, so by the time we got our scanner gun and were released on the store, we were excited too!\n\nOne of the best things about registering here was there Endless Earnings program.  That, combined with their loyalty card, kept us in reward gift cards for months.  I'm still honestly not really clear on how the points and dollars accumulate... but I'd get $5-$20 emailed to me every month right around the time the baby shower purchases were being made.  After the shower (and after our \"registry completion event\"), we got another gift card emailed with our total earnings off registry purchases.  They definitely kept us coming back to spend that credit!\n\nA downside was their customer service when we had small issues.  We had two challenges pop up: the first was my mother in law getting a phone call that her purchase was in store, ready for pick up... when she had arranged and paid for shipping.  The item shipped just fine, but the call spooked her a little bit and getting a human on the phone to explain where the wires had gotten crossed was difficult, to say the least.  The second thing was a glider that was shipped to our home and arrived defective.  We didn't know that until we put it together, so sending it back with the delivery service wasn't an option.  Attempting to get BRU to pick it up and send a good one turned out to be impossible.  Getting them to accept the defective one in their store and ship us a good one (without charging us extra) turned out to be quite a feat, but luckily I have a persistent husband!  We did get the situation handled at no extra cost, and I absolutely love my glider now.\n\nIn store their customer service has always been good.  The store is open, bright and clean.  Their selection of products is great, I just wish they had more cloth diapering supplies!  As long as I have babies or friends who have babies, I'm sure I'll be in and out frequently.  BRU gets the job done.