Just do not stay here. This has been the worst trip ever. Even if I was paid I would not stay here again. First, their website kept erroring out so we had to book through a third party because their customer service line took over 30 minutes on hold. Then our room had no towels. And blood on the walls.Next, their slots are so old and ghetto that 5 of them broke ok me when playing and the help lights dont work. NO one came to help me. I had to send my husband to track someone down every time. Then the midway games kept having issues too. My kids asked to LEAVE the arcade because they were sick of the games breaking down.  For dinner, my daughter chose the Pizzeria the first nite. She is vegetarian. They messed up the pizza not once, not twice, but 3 times. We sat there over an hour!!! Then the staff, thinking we didn't speak spanish started talking about how we should just pick the items off our pizza. Seriously?!?! And they would not refund it. My poor daughter ended up just eating breadsticks. And the kicker, this is her 8th birthday. Then we go back to our room and their was a leak in the roof in the hallway. It was RAINING in our hall. And it took the staff an hour to even start working on it. My kid was scared to stay in the hotel at that point. Then I go back to gamble later and the waitress never came back with my drinks twice. Kicker is it was the same lady. That was the first night! Oh and our curtains dont close.\n\nNight two:  the hotel loses power. Cannot use the elevators, except one and the line was over an hour. ENTIRE casino games are closed down. No games. Finally get to my room and our neighbors are doing the deed so loud that my child starts asking questions. I try to call the front desk for help because knocking on their door did nothing, and they do not pick up. Literally like 10 minutes at least that I sat on hold. Oh and the tv broke, losing half thr channels.\n\nJust avoid this place like a plague. The staff is horrible, the service is horrible, the \"redone\" rooms are nasty. Pay the extra 10 bucks a night and stay somewhere else.