So never tied rashers and they popped up on my foodora app that I used once and only once. I ordered a couple of sandwiches from them through foodora and they never received, accepted nor delivered my order. I called the restaurant and it sounded like they did not know how to use the app and confirmed that the order was not there. After checking with foodora and having my order refunded I tried sending an email to rashers to let them know that I will not order from this restaurant while tied to a useless company like foodora and their email came back as no one tied to that email. This experience has taught me that restaurants in Leslieville have a long way to go in understanding customer service that leads to repeat business.\n\nUpdate: After posting this review the owner contacted me to tell me that he will make it right Monday by contacting foodora. But what he failed to understand is that while foodora is to blame for this cockup he failed to do anything and everything to deliver me food. If the delivery service he chose failed to deliver it would have been  impressive for him to have asked what I ordered and delivered it himself. But all he came up were excuses. Moving on as Toronto has better more reliable places to eat.\n\nUpdate 2: After two days I received a text at work to tell me that my food order from Rashers was here.  Funny, I thought I cancelled it two days ago and my order definitely is not at work.  They even delivered it to the wrong address.  Incompetence, the only word to describe this whole mess!\n\nUpdate 3: Food was delivered because Foodora missed the boat.  So we decided to eat up the now cold sandwiches and taste food we literally did not wait for.  For the price I found it underwhelming.  I had the Butty which looked flat between two plain white slices of bread.  Taste was okay but I could hardly taste the Ham.  The Bacon Grilled cheese was okay too, better than the Butty but it still lacked a certain something.  Both sandwiches could do with some color, maybe some veggies, and make the sandwiches look a little more like what you see online. But hey, I have beaten a dead horse and the meal was free!  But the one star is about what I would give.