I have to admit that I've never been to a barber.  I've tried different hair salons, etc., over the years, but never a barber.  (Except when I went a couple of times as a kid with my grandpa and just sat and watched.)  Until recently, I never even considered (or thought about going to) a barber.  \n\nBecause I've never been very happy with the results I've gotten at various hair salons over the past 25 or so years, I've always just trimmed my own hair at home.  Every few years, I've ventured out and given someplace new a try, only to be disappointed and found that I could have saved myself the money and done a better job at home myself.  \n\nI was always hopeful that I'd find someone to cut my hair the way I wanted it.  When I saw a posting on NextDoor about a new barber (Steve) in the neighborhood who was working at Cotswold Barber Shop (that I've never heard of or seen before), I decided to give it another go, having never been to a barber.  I called and easily made an appointment.\n\nThankfully, armed with GPS and photos of the shop, I was able to find it down a side street in Cotswold I've never even really noticed before behind South State Bank on Sharon Amity Rd.  There was plenty of parking behind the building.  I had read from another review on Yelp that they don't take credit cards, so I made sure to stop by an ATM beforehand, seeing that I rarely carry cash.  \n\nIt's not a glamorous establishment, but it was surprisingly crowded.  I was early for my appointment, but didn't have to wait long.  Steve was very personable and did a fantastic and professional job with my hair.  He listened to what I wanted and did exactly that and more.  It was over and done with in only 15 minutes or so.  I was very impressed with Steve's skill, speed, and friendliness.  \n\nWhen I go back in several weeks for my next haircut, it'll be the first time ever that I've been a repeat customer to any hair business since I was a kid.  That says a lot.  The pricing and quality is exceptional.