Since my first pseudo-disastrous visit to Comme Ca I've been back. And back. And back. I believed the place deserved a second chance-I mean with such a beautiful space and wonderful view it was hard for me to discount it on one grossly inattentive and downright terrible waiter.\n\nI'm glad I gave Comme Ca a second (and third and fourth and so on) chance! I've become a fan of their early evening happy hour in which they offer up their 18A menu for 1\/2 off. This specialty drink menu is made up of handcrafted drinks with a prohibition style theme. They spare no expense when it comes to the ingredients and the variety, creativity and presentation of this menu just can't be found anywhere else. While I appreciate the unique menu I cannot justify paying $15 for one drink and choose to frequent the bar during happy hour only. Call me a spoiled local, but I've been groomed to appreciate and take advantage of happy hour.\n\nMost of my return experiences are based on the bar\/lounge area-I was introduced to the bar after winning one of the restaurant's Twitter contests which got me two free drinks off the 18A menu. Since then I've been back several times and have pegged my two favorite bartenders- Len and Tony- however not a favorite drink, only because there's too much good to choose from! Recently I had the Queen's Park Swizzle which was pretty to look at and just as pretty to drink. The drinks are strong, so for those with, say, clean and undamaged livers, proceed to the 18A menu with caution.\n\nI ate here during Restaurant Week and had a truly delicious meal with excellent service. Our waiter, Ed, was above and beyond knowledgeable about the menu and walked us through anything we had questions on. When the food was brought out, either he or his assistant explained the dish very well, not only telling us ingredients but any special techniques used in the dish (obvi not getting to technichal). For example, my friend ordered the steak tartare which was served with an egg yolk confit-the egg was cooked sous vide which I thought was interesting. Just little stuff like that showed he took his service standards seriously and that was refreshing.\n\nAlso had that evening was the tomato terrine (with heirloom tomatoes I believe-YUM), oxtail jam with roasted bone marrow which is just as mind blowing as everyone says, crispy skate and beef cheek bourguignon. All were very well prepared and beautifully presented. The beef cheek was SO tender and served with these tasty sort of potato cakes.  I'm 90 percent sure Comme Ca has ruined all other boeuf bourguignon for me which I think I'm ok with.\n\nLooking forward to coming back and giving some other items I've been eyeing a try. Very pleased with the improved service and the outstanding quality of the food!