Now that my recent 3-star reviews are out of the way, I can share a new, surprisingly enjoyable find before I enter a short period of temporary hibernation.  The place is Oscar's Beef  Booze Broads.  Yes, our previous mayor's steakhouse that opened to some disappointment and poor Yelp reviews!  I'm glad I waited until some kinks were taken out of the delivered product.  I'm sure I experienced marked improvement on my recent visit, because I was quite impressed by my dining experience here.  All was not perfect, but overall it was a 4-1\/2-star dining experience.\n\nLet's begin at the beginning.  For starters I selected Johnny Quinn's Crab Cakes, which featured large hunks of fresh lump crabmeat, Stoned Ground Dijon Mustard Sauce, and Pepper Remoulade.  The pair of crab cakes had very little filler as our waiter had declared, and the Pepper Remoulade was especially mellow and tasty as an accent to go with the crab.\n\nNext up for me was Crazy Phil's Onion Soup.  At first I was a little disappointed in its physical appearance because, unlike most classic Onion Soups Gratinee, this crock of soup did not have a crusty crown of cheese overlaying the broth.  But once I tasted this beauty, my initial negative visual impression went quickly out of mind.  Made with sherry infused white wine, veal stock, a deconstructing crouton, and Gruyere Cheese, the sweet broth and other ingredients were simply delicious.  This was a truly outstanding and hot French Onion Soup!\n\nComplimentary Onion Bread with visible pink onions was also very good as a starter, but I didn't want to continue eating Onion Bread all night, so I backed off after downing two slices with butter.  Oscar's Chopped Salad was artistically crafted in a nicely shaped circular mound of creamed up chopped vegetables topped by sprouting Onion Straws.  The salad, containing Grape Tomatoes, carrot shavings, Italian Squash, and mostly diced zucchini tossed with Maytag Bleu Cheese was cool, creamy, and refreshing.\n\nAn interesting twist then occurred as large steak knives were laid out for the men in my dining party, while much more slender and petite steak knives were set out for the women.  (See pic.)  Diane bridled a bit at this, and so I asked our server why females were not provided the same knives as males.  With a serious expression, he replied that it was more appropriate to furnish the men with \"a manly man's knife,\" and women with \"an elegant lady's knife.\"  I suppose whether a person views this practice as sexist or chivalrous depends on one's point of view.  It also could be deliberately done a bit tongue in cheek, reflecting upon the image of \"Beef, Booze, and Broads\" which the restaurant plays up rather than down in a whimsical sort of way.  Soon after we were seated, a comely, white-gloved buxom blonde in a lacy black gown came over to welcome us; she said she was \"one of the broads.\"  (See pic.)\n\nMy slightly charred medium-rare Filet was cooked perfectly, and went well with a very tasty house-made Bearnaise Sauce.  A large King Crab Leg that Diane and I split was warm rather than hot, and not very sweet; and the Drawn Butter to go with it was not very hot either.  But Lobster Mashed Potatoes were very hot and very good, except for the two tiny pieces of shell that were encountered.  Wild Mushrooms were a very good second topping for my steak, as I made sure that my stomach was fully indulged this particular night.\n\nAnd to complete a fine meal, the oven-baked Apple Cobbler with Cinnamon Bread Crumbs that I chose, which was made in a La Cocotte Staub all-metal Dutch oven and served with a strawberry, raspberries, and blackberries on the side, and with two large scoops of quickly melting Vanilla Ice Cream on top, was as delicious as it sounds!\n\nWith many tables and booths facing the Fremont Street Experience and sumptuously decorated, amid a nice airy ambiance, with white-tied waiters taking orders  under a glass ceiling, this is one classy place turning out memorable meals.  Hizzoner should be proud of his new downtown eating palace!