Bless me Food Fight, for I have sinned, it has been 15 years since my last visit to Eldorado Grill...\n\nYears ago, while living on the east side, the Eldorado Grill was one of my favorite haunts.  But after a couple of less than satisfactory experiences left a bad taste in my mouth (pun intended), I stayed away from this Food Fight stalwart for over a decade.  That changed this week.  After a scheduling snafu precluded our group from our first dining option, someone suggested Eldorado instead.  And after a very satisfying Restaurant Week experience, I am definitely a fan again.  The kitchen turned out some extremely satisfying food that has me itching to make a return visit.\n\nWhile I am more of a wine guy, the extensive cocktail menu at Eldorado really caught my eye.  After discussing several options with the server, I decided on the Smoking Gun, an intoxicating concoction of infused chili tequila, Scorpion mescal, fresh lime and a splash of bitters.  The smoky finish of the mescal paired up well with both my appetizer and main course.\n\nWhile the bland tomato salsa was nothing to write home about, the fresh guacamole ($5.95 for a MASSIVE serving) was a hit.  The ingredients were well balanced and it had the chunky texture I prefer.\n\nThe kitchen hit it out of the park in the appetizer course.  The Green Chile Pork Stew was the essence of Tex-Mex cuisine in a cup.  The slow cooked pork was melt-in-your mouth tender and the cumin sour cream gave the dish a pungent, earthy finish.  The roasted green chilies added satisfying warmth.  I wish the tortilla strips were a little thicker to provide the dish with some textures.  The thin strips quickly lost their crunch when mixed into the stew.\n\nThe exceedingly tender, thinly sliced brisket was another solid Tex-Mex offering.  Slathered in a slightly spicy sauce with a kiss of smoke, I found the dish to be extremely satisfying.  The serving size was on the large side, which is exceedingly rare during Restaurant Week.\n\nThe sides were hit and miss.  The smoky chipotle dressing gave the potato salad a perfect hit of spicy heat.  The savory green chili pinto beans were perfectly prepared, but could have used some green chilies.  I was less of a fan of the under-dressed slaw - it would have benefited from some of that wonderful chipotle dressing.  I also thought the cold cornmeal pancake was an odd choice - give me a slab of cornbread next time.  \n\nDessert was a bust for me - I ordered the Mexican Coke float (homemade mole ice cream and Mexican Coke topped with whipped cream).  What was missing from that description was the fact there were peanuts in the ice cream and I have a severe peanut allergy (which ultimately led to a date with my epi pen later that evening).  Our server never checked back with our table after serving the desserts, so I was not able to get a different dessert.  That was the bad news.  \n\nThe good news is how the restaurant responded when I contacted them the following day.  I received a phone call from Taylor Anderson, the restaurant general manager and I shared my concerns about unexpectedly finding peanuts in my dessert.  Taylor immediately volunteered to comp my meal.  More importantly, he modified the Restaurant Week menu to indicate the inclusion of peanuts in the dessert, which won my respect.  Things don't always go right, I totally get that.  The response to said adversity by Eldorado Grill won my respect and made me a fan.  It definitely will not be another fifteen years before I make my next visit.