Five stars? Whoa. This place was great. No, this place was perfect. A five star review says two things; the food is breathtaking and the service is impeccable. Biscayne is located in the newly renovated Tropicana Hotel and is hidden in a secret hallway that even Batman himself could not find. Seriously, we had to ask three different hotel employees where the hell it was. The headache to find the place was definitely, one million percent worth it.\n\nMy best friend was turning 21 so we did what most Americans do, we took a weekend trip to Vegas baby! When we checked into the hotel (Tropicana) I shamelessly shouted out that it was my friend's 21st. The lovely front desk attendant then notified the manager and he gave us a free $200 credit to their in-house restaurant; BISCAYNE! How awesome is that? We originally had reservations at a different restaurant but we changed the date immediately (duh) when we were given this free credit.\n\nAs I said before, the restaurant is pretty well hidden. We had 9pm reservations and we didn't want the $200 credit to go to waste so we stuck it out and kept searching. After finally finding the entrance we were a solid fifteen minutes late. It took us about thirty minutes to find it (and we were staying in the same hotel). Jeez. When we got there we were seated immediately even though we were late. To our surprise the place was completely empty. Usually I take that as a bad sign and become skeptical of the quality of the restaurant. That's exactly what I did here.\n\nWhen we sat down we were given our table bread, butter, and water pretty quickly. The table bread gave us three choices, but I only tried one, a soft pretzel. My god. I've had a lot of amazing table breads in my day, but I think I can safely say this was the best one yet. We actually loved it so much that our sweetheart waitress gave us four of them to take back to our rooms after the meal was over.\n\nTo start, we ordered a couple appetizers to split between everyone. We got an order of kobe beef sliders (with tilamook cheddar cheese) as well as lobster bisque (with poached Atlantic lobster). Is it weird that we ordered one lobster bisque and passed it around the table? Don't judge. It was amazing and had huge chucks of lobster in it. I'm not going to lie, but I definitely had more than anyone else at the table. Score one for Kevin. The sliders dish usually only comes with three (there were four of us at the table). Our server asked us if we wanted to add just one slider to the dish so everyone gets their own mini burger. I thought that was nice because most restaurants will require you to buy an entire second order. The burgers themselves were great. The beef was juicy, but not greasy, and the tiny veggies complimented it perfectly.\n\nBiscayne is primarily a steakhouse, however I'm not a steak fan. So much in fact that I would definitely be blacklisted if I were to live in Texas. But I'm okay with that. Anyway, my eyes went directly to the \"sea\" section of the menu. The two things that stuck out most to me were the halibut and the salmon. Someone else at the table ordered the halibut so I decided to get the wild Atlantic salmon (with chipotle pineapple yogurt sauce and seasonal vegetables). The chef prepared that salmon so perfectly that I purposely wasn't given a knife. As soon as I cut into the first bite (with my fork) I could tell how amazing it was. The pineapple yogurt sauce was fabulous as well. Usually fruity sauces can overpower and ultimately destroy the flavor of the fish (in my opinion) but this was done perfectly and the amount wasn't overbearing whatsoever.\n\nTo go along with my seafood obsession I got a side order of lobster mac and cheese. Whoa. Just... whoa. I honestly can't write a review on the mac and cheese because the written word cannot do it justice. Lets just simply say that it's a must order. You're welcome in advance.\n\nFor dessert my friend got a birthday dish (complete with candle). It was key lime cheesecake. Being the nice guy I am, I put aside my cheesecake fetish and only tried one tiny bite. I didn't want to completely devour my best friend's birthday cake even though every urge in my body was telling me I should. The one bite I had was just enough to add it to the five star rating.\n\nEven though Biscayne is hard to find, I'll say again, it's completely worth it. I want to personally build a brick wall in front of it so it doesn't get revealed to the general public. I even thought about purposely writing a horrible review so people wouldn't want to dine here. I'm selfish, and I want Biscayne all to myself. But being only the second to write a review I owe it to the chef and wonderful staff to give them the glory they deserve. Now I can't think of a catchy way to end a review that gives so much praise so I'll give it my best shot...\n\nBiscayne, until we meet again... that'll do pig, that'll do.