It is very rare that I give a place a 1-star review, but given the circumstances, it must be done. Here is why..\n\n1. We walked in asking for a table for 6 and the server immediately asked us \"Is this your first time here?\" We replied with \"Yes.\" You know, thinking she was going to be like \"Oh, welcome!! We're so happy to have you with us tonight!\" Instead, she responded with, \"Oh, next time, can you just make sure you call in to let us know that you have a big group coming in? As you can see we're quite small so it will just be better for both of us if you called in...\" Did I not just tell her that it was our first time? Was I supposed to know that you were a small restaurant? I thought this was like any typical restaurant that I can walk in with a party of 6 and you can accommodate us, even if it meant for us to wait a little? o_O? \n\n2. I checked in on Yelp and received a free sake, and what's some sake without some Asahi amirite? So we order a bottle of Asahi. Almost regrettable because it completely confused the crap out of the server and had her asking her coworker if that was allowed multiple times. Back and forth she went asking questions and thinking we were looking for a free bottle of Asahi with our sake when we repeatedly told her we just wanted to order a beer with our sake..! Just take my money already and give us the bottle of Asahi! \n\n3. The server continued to remind us she was new. The first time was a pass and understandable, but mistake after mistake after mistake and the excuse of being new does not fly with me. I give you the benefit of the doubt that you're a smart cookie, you don't have to keep telling me that you're new. I understood the first time. Just do better. And by better, I don't mean spilling water on our phones...which is exactly what she did -___-\" ohh laawwd. \n\n4. The upside and downside is that if you wanted any roll wrapped with cucumber you can do so, but only ONE roll when you're doing the AYCE option. Bummer because those are the only type of rolls I fancy. \n\n5. Obviously our server wasn't favorable but just in general I feel like the place is rather small where all servers are taking care of all tables. I personally like to have one attentive server when I dine because then you run into multiple servers asking you if you're doing okay in 5 minute rotations. But that wasn't the problem here, it just seemed like no one was being attentive. If possible, just dine at the sushi bar so you can get your orders in right away and not have to deal with that mess.\n\n6. Lastly, the reason why I'm like EEK! Methinks not! about Sasa is because I don't live in this area and don't see myself driving 20 minutes to visit here again. The food was OK but the service is really what left the bad taste in my mouth.