My food experience was just so strange and terrible at the same time. The breadsticks reminded me of Fazoli's.  Anyone remember that place?  Remember the breadsticks?  Ya, they were stale, dry, and overly absorbent of the saliva inside my mouth.  They were not, however, rock hard, so I consider the breadsticks a wash.  \nThe salad was heavy on the onions, easy on the ANYTHING ELSE.  I've never seen an onion salad before but I would imagine that Olive Garden could make one without much extra effort.  I don't understand why they don't do dressing either.  Maybe they do and there was just too little on it, but the salad was dry.  So the salad was a fail.  \nFor the soup, I went with the Chicken & Gnocchi.  By chicken they mean \"chicken broth\" and by gnocchi they mean \"ball of flour dough\".  This was more like wanton soup than anything else.  It didn't taste horrible, just cheap...so only a minor fail.  \nI'm still alive, so I did better than I expected.  I figured the worst thing that could happen would be if I got horribly sick and had to take paid time off for a week...that didn't happen either...so another fail.\n\nThe whole experience is what got me.  We show up to GhettroCentre with 6 people and there are at least 20 waiting around for tables.  That's fine, it is lunch time.  We got a table and our waitress was decent enough.  Group ordered some sort of appetizers (that I did not partake of).  They brought our drinks.  We ordered our meals.  They brought our salads and breadsticks.  Then they brought us one of the apps.  About 10 minutes later she comes by to check on us...and we tell her we still don't have the other app.  She disappears for a while and comes back and says \"we ran out of chicken so it's going to be a while\"... wait what?  You ran out...but you will...what?  Clone some more?  Sub something else?  What are you doing to make more chicken appear?  We decline the app since our meals are arriving any minute.  Food arrives, everything is normal, whatever.  I was only mildly distracted by the weird outdoor christmas light strings they have draped throughout the dining room.  I survived.\n\nMy question is, my soup\/salad\/breadstick combo was like $6.99.  Everyone else's meals come with salad and breadsticks, right?  So I could have just ordered the $5.34 soup (seriously, that is expensive soup) and noshed on salad and breadsticks without paying for them?  Right?  What is up with that?