More like Do-press-Zo.\n\nSo, I was exhausted last night. I'd worked all day and generally wanted to pass out at soon as I walked through my door. My fridge is always in a general state of empty lately so I took to trusty ol' Yelp and immediately decided I wanted sushi.\n\nI spied Dozo and got excited at how it was about 1.4 seconds away from my place. I rang in my order of an assorted veggie roll, avocado roll, seaweed salad and fried tofu. Yes, it was a metric shit-ton of food but I figured I'd probably have a few leftovers and make a tasty tried tofu\/salad concoction today for lunch or something. The whole shebang, including tip because I'm not an asshole and yes, take-out orders should get tipped, set me back $22.\n\nEverything was boxed up and ready to go as soon as I walked in and I ravenously went through the styrofoam (boo) containers once I was back in my kitchen. My first thought upon opening the seaweed salad box: \"I paid $4 for THAT?!\" There was less than half a cup of the stuff thrown into the box. Second thought: \"There is nothing of that color in nature.\" It was BRIGHT, ELECTRIC bluey-greeny. It was kind of breathtaking, to be honest. I have a personal rule that I don't eat any blue food because it simply doesn't naturally exist (even blueberries are purple) and this was just...I've used more natural-colored toothpaste, let's put it that way. The taste was fine; it was definitely not good enough or enough food to warrant $4. It was almost laughable.\n\nI've been spoiled by Blue Koi in Kansas City's fried tofu and their amaze-delish, cliantro-laden thai chili awesome sauce...silly me expected something of that caliber. Nope. The slabs of tofu were barely fried and bland...this is why people hate tofu. They think it all tastes like this. I ate not even half the amount because...why waste the calories?\n\nThe avocado and veggie rolls were slapped together haphazardly...At only $4.00 and $4.50 I didn't expect pristine sushi construction and huge portions but...the size of each piece of avocado roll was that of a thimble. And they fell apart upon chopstick pick up. To their credit, the veggies were freshfreshfresh and delicious. The wasabi? I'm not sure if it was old or WHAT but it was MILD. I wanted something, anything to pep up the plate of food in front of me. At least the ginger was fresh?  \n\nWeak sauce, Dozo.