Okay...I am giving this place 5 stars.  Not because it is the biggest and best hotel I have ever stayed at, but because the sheer number of things that you have to do. There is much construction going on right now, so I am expecting this place to get bigger and better as time goes on.  I also like that they have not fallen into the resort fees none sense that everyone else is doing.   I truly wish they had free wifi!  The hotel is really a high 4 rating, because of minor things that could be coming in the future, but I am comfortable giving it a 5.\n\nLet me start off by saying that I did not get a chance to do everything that is in this place.  I really do not have the time or resources to splurge to that level!  If you are not a member, sign up for the FREE PROGRAM of total rewards, or something of that nature.  You get so many discounts just for being in the program, plus you have your own line waiting on you to check in.  You start off as a Gold member, but as you progress, you get more perks, of course.  The card is used at many hotels and casinos. \n\nI must have stayed in a King Go-Room because my room was awesome.  Nice lounge chair thingy in the room.  Ultra comfortable king bed with nice comforter on it.  The air condition works heavenly.  Nice sized television with dvd player and external stereo system.  Spacious.  Standing showing and detached tub.  Nicely designed sink.  Television in the bathroom, behind the mirror.  This room had everything you needed, except a microwave!  \n\nOutside the room, you are going to have many types of alcohol and ways to gamble...being that it is Vegas, that is a given.  I did like that this hotel had some great main acts just an elevator ride away from your room, inside the establishment.  They even gave away many types of show tickets, via a DJ, at the pool!  The pool area is really nice with a huge swimming pool with waterfalls and a slide that was not in operation yet.\n\nThere is a quality buffet, that was kind of pricey, but with your total rewards card, you get a discount on that as well.  There was always a huge variety of items to choose from, but given that I am from New Orleans, no foods were spiced as if you were in New Orleans!  Take that aside from the food experience, some things were seasoned well enough to get a couple of smiles out of me.  The tell the chef what type of pasta you want option was cool, just like the build your omelet option for breakfast.  The dessert menu was pretty decently sized with two types of ice cream cones to go, as well as cotton candy to go.  Fondue pots and a build your own fresh crepe option was a nice touch.\n\nIt is called the Flamingo hotel because you actually do have flamingos and other birds on the property.  You can see them while dining at the buffet.  If you go outside, on your way to the pool even, you can see them a lot closer.  Huge fish and turtles are found throughout the waters with the many types of different birds and waterfalls.\n\nI can go on and on about this hotel and the excellent set up, but I leave you with this, plenty of high quality shows, drinks, food options and fun in this hotel.  There is even a special place for your dog to do his business!  Check it out for yourself and see for yourself.