Oh Phat Burrito...where do I even start?  Well, being a southern California native and a Blatina (that's black Latina for those of you who don't know lol,,,it's okay, you can use it too), I have pretty high expectations for burritos. I've been running all over Charlotte looking for Mexican food that is at least comparable to the restaurants and taco shops posted on every corner of San Diego, and I'm sad to say that Phat Burrito fell short of my expectations. Funny thing is, I decided to check it out based on a good review posted by another former California resident. Now that you know a little bit about my background allow me to detail my experience at this place for you.\n\nThe Food: If my review were based solely on the food, I probably would have given Phat Burrito 3 stars. The burritos are served on really big tortillas that are stuffed to the max (if you need a comparison, think Chipotle). I ordered a chicken burrito which came packed with black beans, rice, chicken, cheese, and sour cream. Sounds really yummy right!? It was Aight. The rice was kind of undercooked and although there was plenty to nibble at, it was seriously lacking in flavor. The one plus was the fresh salsa bar (which usually comes standard at taco shops in Cali). I tried the green tomatillo salsa and it saved my burrito's life! It was mild and had an awesome combination of lime and cilantro that excited me. \n\nThe Place: Please be warned that if you read any further and you are a fan of Phat Burrito, your feelings may be hurt because I am about to be brutally honest. \nThe parking lot was cramped (already been said), but there was plenty of parking when I went so I had no problem with that. The guy at the counter is responsible for the second star. He was super friendly and enthusiastic. Gave me a minute to explore the menu before asking if I needed help and offering his suggestions which I appreciated. I sat down to indulge in what I expected to be a mind-blowing burrito, and two women sat in the booth next to mine. Halfway through my PB, one of the ladies started making a discrete fuss about something. That's when I saw it! The roach crawling up the side of the counter! The awesome guy at the register was able to SPLAT it before it got too far, but I was still in shock. If there is one thing I abhor more than bad customer service when dining out, it's bug eyed bugs! C'mon now, even if you have a bug or two here and there (let's be real ppl, it happens more often than you'd think), at least keep it concealed while I'm eating lol. It did appear to be running in from the front door area so I  gave them the benefit of the doubt and decided he came from outside and that he was the only one. Needless to say, I was full. But THEN, on my way to my car I ran into a cockroach of a different sort. The old kind that likes to pick up and hit on seemingly innocent young ladies in the parking lot. Ironically he said he knew the owner and that he knew my experience had to have been top notch...I didn't have the heart (or the time) to tell him about what had just taken place. \n\nI realize that this is long, but I imagine it will help someone somewhere make an informed decision. I hate doing reviews like this because I know this place has a faithful customer base and a lot of potential, but until someone can assure me that they are pest free I don't think I can make my way back to give the burrito a second chance :(