4.5 Stars.\n\nTempe=Hot Dog Paradise!  3 great hot dog joints all within 5 miles of each other.  Decisions, decisions!  How would Detroit Coney Grill stack up?  Pretty damn well as you are about to find out!\n\nI had driven by this place a few times but was always on my way down the street to Ted's.  When I woke up this morning, I was craving a hot dog (Twice in less than a week).  I decided to drive on down and see what Detroit Coney Grill was all about.  I had never had a \"Coney Dog\" before today either.  I was browsing their website and noticed that they had a Wednesday special which was 2 Coney Dogs, Fries and a Fountain Drink for $8.88.  Sounded like a plan.  I drove down, parked and walked in.\n\nRight when I walked in, I was greeted by a couple of the workers.  I also noticed that the owner (one of the owners?) was behind the counter talking with the staff and shootin the shit.  I went up to the register and placed my order for the Wednesday Special.  My total was $9.40.  I paid the lady my money, grabbed my cup for my drink and was on the way over to the Coke machine.  While I was making my way over to get my drink, the owner guy walked up to me, asked me how I was doing and shook my hand.  I thought that was really cool and it shows that he appreciates his customers!  I grabbed my soda from the awesome Freestyle Coke Machine and took a seat.  While I was sitting there, I noticed that the owner was talking shop with every single customer in the joint.  He was explaining how they grind their own beef for their burgers, make their own chili, giving recommendations to customers etc etc.  Really personable dude!  A few minutes later, my number was called and I grabbed my stuff.  Here is how it was................\n\nConey Dogs-  These dogs come topped with their homemade Coney Sauce aka chili, onions and mustard.  This chili is ladled on top of a natural casing dog and nestled inside of a steamed hot dog bun.  The chili kind of reminded me of a Tommy's type chili (CA folks know what I'm talking about).  It had plenty of spices in it and had a great flavor and texture.  I really enjoyed it!  The mustard and onions worked well too and the bun was super soft.  Great snap to the dogs, too!  These 2 dogs were mighty fine!\n\nFries-  Fresh cut fries!  They were salted perfect, fried perfect and flat out some of the best hand cut fries I have had in quite some time.  Decent sized portion, too!\n\nAfter I was done with my meal, I was going back to the Coke machine to get a refill for the road.  I ran into the owner again and he asked me how everything was and gave me a fist bump.  I can't remember a time when I received such great customer service at a place...seriously!   I will be back just because of that!  Great dogs, great fries and amazing hospitality make this a joint I can definitely see myself coming back to eventually.