I am currently a senior at west coast ultrasound institute, getting ready to go off to externship with an awesome site placement at a hospital. I would personally say that if you put in the work, then what you get out of this school is worth it. We get ample scanning time in the lab which I personally believe is the most important part of this entire program. You can be extremely book smart, and not be good at scanning. It takes practice, practice, practice. I work in a hospital setting as a CNA and most of our Sonographers went to west coast ultrasound institute, and they are amazing sonographers with registries. \n\nOur school has changed quite a bit since some of these reviews. It is actually frustrating to me reading some of these. Our program now offers and AAS degree, with 6 months of extern instead of 3 which is a huge change for the better. We are now able to sit for the ARRT sonography exam right when we graduate, which allows us to then sit for ARDMS or for CCI. There is no more working full time for a year before sitting for the registries.That was the main issue with this school just a year ago. We offer great extern sites, but our extern coordinator is picky about site placement. If you are lazy, get bad grades, are absent or tardy often, you probably will not get placed in a site that is expecting a good student that is ready and willing to learn. You are still going to get a site, but it may not be the site you want. \n\nUnfortunately this is a for profit school, not run by the government and with that there will be hiccups and things are not perfect. Which is why I did not give a full 5 stars. However overall, if you are a good student, study the material, read the books, and scan as much as possible this program is worth not waiting 10 years to get a spot in gateway. \n\nBottom line I would absolutely recommend this school, if you are willing to work hard, study harder, and put in your absolute best. If you are looking for an easy ride to make good money then I wouldn't recommend a career in sonography. This is a tough career path not for the lazy or weak minded.