Wondered if this was finally the place that was going to stick in the seemingly cursed location. I'm going with NOPE.\n\nThis tired mom opted for a lunch out with my little sidekick, and I chose a patio seat to enjoy the beautiful Arizona Spring weather. The table was a little sticky (common for the syrup serving industry), but everything else was neat and clean. Tabletop flowers, real or fake, always add a pleasant touch. \n\nService was friendly enough, but unenthusiastic. I walked through the front door and looked lost for a minute before someone appeared and greeted us. I asked for a seat outside and was directed to head out and choose a table then they would be out after. Even though I was carrying a toddler, I know he looked big for 1, but I wasn't offered a high chair; I had to ask for one. One person brought us menus and the high chair, a minute later another person brought us complimentary lemon waters, and a third appeared to take our order. I don't remember which person I mentioned it to, but it was my first time dining at this restaurant.\n\n--crickets--\n\nI had no guidance to specials or recommendations. Do they serve breakfast all day? Which salad dressings do they have?\n\nOur waitperson was nice, but she didn't ask for our drink order. I tacked on a tea right before she turned away.\n\nAs a safe bet, I ordered a basic hamburger and salad. The food was good temperature and had a pleasing presentation. The meat lacked seasoning and was cooked until there wasn't a drop of moisture, the vegetable toppings were ripe, and the bun was grilled and amazingly soft. I asked to substitute mustard for mayo, but I was left with neither. That hamburger was drier than the desert wind. The salad was a spring mix and above fast food grade, so good enough. I asked if a drink was included with the kid's meal, and was told it was separate, not asked if I wanted to add one, so no reason for them to pry out the drink menu. The kid's macaroni and cheese had shredded cheese added on top, and although a little soupy, it had good flavor. Now, the garlic bread - I just might stop in to eat that again and again. It was the BEST garlic bread I'd ever had! Almost added a star for that alone. And for some reason, a lemon wedge added to ice water feels a little fancy.\n\nNow that I feel a little more prepared for the pop quiz, I just might try out their breakfast based on other reviews and photos, ya know, before another flash in-the-pan comes to the corner.