Let me preface my review by saying that I read the reviews before booking and I was skeptical. I would not take any review that is negative simply because this is not a kid friendly hotel with an OUNCE of seriousness. Yes, there is a pool that is for adults only, it's SIN CITY! There is also a family pool at this hotel. Gambling, also for adults! Again, it's SIN CITY. Yes the room has a fully stocked mini bar because it's SIN CITY! Honestly of all of the places to vacation at in the United States, I would not ever take my kids with me to Vegas. I personally feel that Vegas is an adult experience. If you wanna bring your kids with you, this might not be the hotel for you. With all things, do your research before you book. Don't leave a negative review on yelp because YOU didn't do YOUR due diligence! I digress. Now, on to the review!\n\nWe got an AMAZING deal through vegas.com. It was $600 for 6 days, 5 nights and that included airfare from the Commonwealth state of Virginia. Too good to pass up. Ubered it from the airport to the hotel and it was about $7. Uber will be your best friend while you are here because this hotel is at the end of the strip.\n\nUpon arrival, the young lady checking us in, Savannah was SO FRIENDLY. I nicely asked if we could be upgraded and baby we were! There are three different towers here and we were in the Lux Tower. The hotel reminds me a boutique hotel in terms of décor and feel. It was luxurious, but not like The Four Seasons, which is classically luxurious. This hotel has a small casino, but I don't gamble so it didn't matter to me. I will say that if you are a die hard gambler, you probably won't like it. \n\nImma talk about the pool for a second. There are 3 pools, but I only saw two; the main level near the casino and the rooftop. It's July in Vegas and it's HOTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!! We went to the pool around 11. It opens at 10:30. If you want a couch or a chaise water lounge, you need to have your ass down there at 10:20!!!!!! Hell, 10 sharp! I CAN'T STRESS THAT ENOUGH! There was NOWHERE to sit until we asked an older gentlemen who was by himself if we could sit on the sofa with him. People are allowed to reserve cabanas the night before and all of them were reserved.The sun had me in a vice grip and I was UNDER the umbrella. It was SO HOT out there that my phone said that the internal temperature had reached over 110 degrees and it would be turning off. And it did, so no cute pool selfies for me :( The DJ came out at about noon, right when we were going back inside. I love laying out at the pool when I'm home because it's never 120 degrees but I just can't do it in Vegas! \n\nLet's see. We were on the 22nd floor. The hallways are dimly lit, adding to the overall ambiance of the hotel. Our room was amazing. SLS monogrammed crisp white duvet covers on the bed, firm yet fluffy pillows also monogrammed with SLS. The bed felt SO good. We had a long white sofa in our room which was a throwback to the Josephine Baker era, two full length mirrors with desks and chairs in front of them and an intricate closet storage area that leads to the bathroom. Chandelier. Huge flat screen on the wall. Floor to ceiling picture window. Beautifully designed fabric that serves as wall paper. There is no actual 'closet' with a door. Across from the closet area is a separate toilet with a mirrored sliding glass door. Further into the actual bathroom are two double sinks, marbled counter. These sinks are fancy, but they needed to be about a good six inches deeper to be fully functional. You could barely get your hands under the faucet to wash them! Under the sinks are glass shelves. Across from the sink is a huge walk in shower with dual shower heads; one above your head and one on the wall that give an amazingggggggggg shower experience. I've never taken so many showers in all of my life! The shower has a full length window in it that looks into the bedroom area, so if you're not with your boo thang, you'll want to draw the curtain, unless you like giving a show. I think it would be totally hot to watch the object of your affection in there! I gotta get a boyfriend soon! There is also a mini bar that is FULLY STOCKED. And I do mean fully! There are also pretty pricey snacks above the mini bar and a kit for 'lovers' (oil, condoms, toys) \n\nAll in all, I am a HOTEL SNOB and I REALLYYYYYY enjoyed this hotel. Everyone was so friendly and helpful from the front desk to the valet staff, doormen, bouncers, wait staff, housekeeping, bartenders, cocktail waitresses, everyone had a smile on their face! I'm thinking about booking another trip for November and I just got back two days ago!