DeLuca & Assoc was my first stop on a long list of lawyers to consult about filing Ch. 13. The receptionist was nice enough, giving me some paperwork to fill out while waiting for Mr. DeLuca. He had actually been referred to me by another lawyer who I trust and have had a very good experience with, so I figured this might be a one-stop shopping trip. I didn't have to wait very long, which was appreciated. Where my dissonance is coming from is how Mr. DeLuca presented himself and handled our chat. He seemed very distracted and semi-present at the meeting, barely engaged in the conversation. Even on the other side of the desk, I could see his leg moving up and down rapidly, he seemed very twitchy and high-strung. I had the distinct feeling that he was rushing me out the door asap and barely had the patience to answer my questions. \n\nAs the process was new to me, I had many questions and felt I needed more guidance and confidence in a lawyer then he provided. I have no idea about what was going on with him or what his day looked like. Maybe he had 15 other clients to squeeze in after me, but that shouldn't be something I should even have to worry about. Even though the consultation is free, I expect he would handle it professionally and make me feel like my time was at least at important as his, which was pretty much the opposite of what happened. He ballparked a few numbers that turned out to be way off the mark in hindsight after talking to more lawyers and then actually filing. His estimate was also the second highest of the several lawyers I consulted with, who incidentally all spent at least 30 minutes to well over an hour in our free consultation and were all more professional and interested in my business, in my opinion. \n\nI didn't read the review about the client he sued for slander or defamation of character until after our consultation. If I had done that beforehand, I would definitely not have even taken the time. I view that as a huge red flag when a lawyer is more concerned with their reputation than the satisfaction of the people whose cases provide a lucrative paycheck for them and wants to attempt to suppress their 1st Amendment rights. Obviously, the case was dismissed, so a judge must have realized it had no merit. I wonder if he'll try to track down who I am and also initiate legal action for a poor review. However, I'm not attempting in any way to slander his character or proficiency as a bankruptcy lawyer, I simply had a bad instinctive reaction to his personality and how he showed up that day for my consultation and knew he wasn't the best fit for me to handle my filing, so I moved on. It also seemed a little ironic and slightly tacky that his office is in what used to be a bank building, considering what people are going there to do. It was too large for my liking and felt impersonal, even though I spoke to him in one of the small offices. I absolutely felt like a number and that's pretty much how I felt I was handled. \n\nLooking back it all worked out for the best as I ended up with one of the very few dedicated bankruptcy lawyers in LV with a 5.0 star rating and that's for very good reason. Live and learn. I hope others have had a better experience with Mr. DeLuca than I did.