People writing reviews about this restaurant not having the most proper of presentations and the allure of fine dining can go ahead and get their heads out of their asses now. This Roberto ' s (let's face it Don Tortaco is a silly name) is one of the cleanest and better maintained of the chains. \n\nPeople who give this place 2 stars and below because of how loud the place was or how poorly the cashier understood their English are obviously oblivious to the fact that they are not at the Aria's Sage. Don't expect a server that explains your every meal and pairs your horchata with a certain type of meat, that's not what they are, that's not their appeal. Their target demographic is wasted partygoers who cannot function well enough to eat with cutlery and a napkin on their collar. Their goal is to offer food to those at home who can't think of anything to eat and that goes out on a whim (wearing probably  shorts, slippers, a baseball cap, a shirt from target, and a pair of sunglasses) just because greasy fatty food is better than a serving of microwaved leftovers which 's nutritional value has probably long hit the road.\n\n\ntldr: Kathy P got pissed off about the sound of the COOK chopping FOOD in the KITCHEN, and I had to write a positive and insightful review to counteract her overdramatic and over exaggeration of the negatives of this restaurant.\n\nP.S. DON'T TIP WITH CARD, THE OWNERS SNAG THOSE, WORKERS DON'T RECEIVE ANY OF IT. W T F RIGHT??\n\n\nUpdate:\nTheir service has gone down drastically. I used to frequent this place but now I seldom consider it an option. One of their newest hires is the most bitter and cold-spirited persons (yes that word does exist) I've seen work anywhere in a while. \n\nDon't get me wrong, I would dread the job as well, but I wouldn't hold the customer at fault for providing the business required for her job to have existed in the first place. I feel like every second I spend deciding what to get as I walk into the door she gets more and more vicious looking. So menacing. \n\nAnyway, food quality has tanked as well. I was generous with the 4 star from my previous review, and I'll be generous yet again and put it down to 3 instead of the 2.5 I believe they deserve. Enjoy.