Popeyes is BANGIN'. Chicken be crispy like you never even seen... well, unless you come to this Popeyes. \n\nThe biscuits are always warm, moist and buttery. The first time I tried Popeyes was down in Florida. Young and naive, I asked for one biscuit to share. The lady at the counter just laughed and said, \"I'm gonna go ahead and put in a six-piece order for you, angel. Or else you'll be comin' back real quick.\" Let me tell you, she was an angel and that first biscuit was one of the best things that's ever melted in my mouth. (Answer: there's been A LOT.)\n\nThe cajun gravy is bursting with so much flavour that it tastes like it's been cooking all day in someone's mama's (Louisiana, duh) kitchen. There's little bits of meat and a spice blend in the gravy that complements everything on the menu so nicely. Besides their cajun fries, mashed potatoes and coleslaw, Popeyes also offers rice & beans, mac & cheese, and corn as their sides. The corn is a favourite: served on the cob and perfectly cooked and juicy!\n\nFor the chicken, you have your option of regular, spicy or half & half. Go to flavour town and get the spicy! Chicken is juicy inside and perfectly crispy outside, EVERY TIME. \n\nConsistency is the name of their game. Well, fried chicken is probably their game. But they're really consistent with it. Considering how busy they are, the service is surprisingly fast and efficient at Popeyes. The counter staff are really patient and helpful. There's a beehive of people bustling in the kitchen preparing the orders and then before you're given your order, someone else individually checks to ensure everything is correct and that you have sufficient utensils and condiments. What up, quality check! I like that. \n\nVery limited seating however there are outdoor benches out front. But most people are here for take-out. I too prefer to enjoy my fried chicken from the comforts of home, sparing everyone from the sight of my happy, greasy-fingered, chicken-devouring self. No drive-thru at this location so be prepared to combat the other drivers in the complex.\n\nFive stars because they are all friendly as hell too!