I am a fan of classic rock and entertaining books. It was a given that when two of the Beach Boys released their autobiographies during the Christmas Season, that I was going to pick up some good vibrations (#1 Beach Boys hit) on literary journeys that would bring my mind from the Mojave Desert to the California surf and sun of the 1960s. However, this was not going to be easy. Both the Mike Love and Brian Wilson autobiographies were on reserve into the New Year. The way it seemed by the time that I would be able to borrow these hot off the press autobiographies, the original Beach Boys would reunite and have a comeback hit. With odds this bad, I'd pass over the Henderson Library system (I have to pay a fine) and give the Boulder City Public Library a shot. \n\n  When you live in Clark County the neat thing about the Boulder City Public Library is that they work with the Las Vegas Clark County Library District. This is advantages because you could return Las Vegas - Clark County Library books and material to Boulder City and vice versa. Also if you are a Henderson resident living closer to Boulder City than the nearest Las Vegas - Clark County Library this is a convenient partnership. \n\n   After seeing the two autobiographies were available, right from the get go I motored from Henderson to Boulder City. It wasn't downtown Boulder City. The library is located in a residential community bordering Adams Avenue. This is an attractive and modern library adjacent to ABC Park. This location of the Boulder City Library has been serving the community since 2002. My Yelp friend from Boulder City Scott. B informed me that there were two previous locations before this incarnation of Boulder City's public library. \n\n   In similar fashion to the Las Vegas-Clark County and Henderson libraries, public art decorates the entrance. In Christmas it included Christmas trees. In a way, my Christmas present was these literary adventures nearby. Waiting for me in the new books section were the two Beach Boys biographies with the bonus of \"No Quarter,\" the new Jimmy Page biography. Biographies in general are a strength of Boulder City Public Library. Lining the back wall is a long series of book cases holding biographies. \n\n  Since, I was going to spend some time reading about the Beach Boys and Jimmy Page of Led Zeppelin, I was up to borrowing their CDs. Nothing! CDs is where the library has opportunities. The fact that I am a music lover that left without any CD is evidence that their CD selection is poor. \n\n   With the autobiographies complete, I'd return to borrow a book on the making of the Hoover Dam. The search for a book on the Hoover Dam led me throughout the library and into the Nevada Room. This is a room that holds books on Nevada places and history including Las Vegas. This is where I hit the jackpot. Off the shelf, I found \"Best Bike Rides Las Vegas\" by Paul W. Papa. \n\n  The Nevada Room is in the east end of the library at the far opposite side of the cozy periodical section. This is a cozy spot where the only thing missing for the voracious book lover is a Starbuck's kiosk (seriously beverages are prohibited). \n\n  In between the periodical lounge and Nevada Room are aisles and books and a helpful staff. The staff have always been helpful and friendly. This has been both in person and on the phone. \n\n  Transitioning from a passive reader to an active writer, the premise of these written words is to spread the spoken word that Boulder City Public Library is a page turner with endless literary adventures that will keep book lovers coming back.