My wife and I decided to have dinner at Claim Jumpers, as we haven't been there in a long while. Our experience this time was not as we would have expected. \n\nMy wife loves fish Taco's and they had a special for $2.00 Fish Taco's. As the waiter came to take our order my wife asked the waiter if she could get just 3-Fish Taco's as it's showing on the specials board when you walk in. The waiter stated that he had to go ask the manager. When he returned he said that would be okay so my wife ordered 3-Fish Taco's. She did not want any sides as we had ordered an appetizer of Onion Rings. I ordered the Original Tri-Tip Dip which wasn't bad. When our food came out my wife got her 3-Fish Taco's and sides (which she didn't ask for). \n\nNow here comes the whole bad experience. So, my wife didn't eat all 3 Taco's and she asked for the last one to be boxed up. The waiter did so and also brought the check. This is when we felt the unprofessionalism of the management staff and the waiter was caught in the middle of the whole thing.  We reviewed our bill as we do with any restaurant we go to. This time it showed $13.99 plus $2.00 for the additional Fish Taco. My wife then spoke to the waiter again stating she asked for the special Fish Taco which $2.00 x 3= $6.00, not $15.99 like on our bill. The waiter than went back to the management staff as there was a misunderstanding. After much back and forth we paid the bill and could not get a manager to come and speak with us about this misunderstanding. They just kept using the waiter as the middle man, (BTW the waiter was great). The restaurant was not busy at all.\n\nThey did send the waiter back and said they would remove the 3rd fish taco but we could not take it home and my wife had to give it back. I have never experienced such a thing at a restaurant EVER! My wife gave back her food and proceeded to call the manager the next day and spoke about our experience. They chose to tell her they would look into the matter and would contact us back. We never heard back.  \n\nIt's a shame as we liked this restaurant and now we will not be returning. We felt like just another customer that they didn't give a damn about.