The latest gem to grace Downtown is located at 6th & Carson. Bocho Sushi was born from an idea sparked by Dan Coughlin (Le Thai), backed by DTP and saw to fruition by Jimmy & Becky Chun (recently shuttered Tokyo Japanese Restaurant). The Chun's are at the helm, they are no strangers to day-to-day operations after running their restaurant in Commercial Center for decades. At two weeks new, Bocho Sushi has already reached hotspot status by serving up some delicious eats in a cozy setting. \n\nOur friends invited us to dinner, upon our arrival, every seat in the house was taken. Downstairs you'll find the sushi bar with counter seating, and upstairs there is intimate seating and large bar. The space has an industrial feel, but I love when old buildings are spruced up and repurposed. The changes to the old Carson hotel have been top notch. This block was once forgotten, but now? It's alive and well. \n\nThe menu will meet all of your sushi and sashimi loving needs. Plus, there is an omakase offering for those seeking an adventurous experience. Sake, beer and cocktails are free flowing. They have not yet begun serving wine, however. We started with orders of Edamame ($3.50) and the Jalapeno Bomb ($5.95). The bomb was \"bomb\" (har), seriously, though, it was delicious. It is hard to go wrong with deep fried jalapeno with spicy tuna and cream cheese. Unfortunately, the Edamame was late to show. It served as dessert. \n\nA smorgasbord of rolls and sashimi followed: Yellowtail Lover ($9.95), Tiger Roll ($11.95), China Roll ($11.95), Spider Crab Roll ($12.95), Yellowtail Yuzu Ceviche ($11.99), Salmon Sashimi ($6.25). The were all well executed. The fish was delicately sliced and extremely fresh. My personal favorites were the Yellowtail Yuzu Ceviche with serranos and spicy garlic ponzu, and the China Roll with shrimp tempura and spicy tuna. Both selections were bursting with flavor. \n\nThe staff was warm and friendly and our servers were patient & attentive, the only flaw seems to be with timing. I'm confident that they will get that resolved in time. It always takes a new restaurant a bit to find their rhythm. Bocho is currently open for dinner, but lunch service is scheduled to begin next week.