D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S-! Went here for happy hour (3-6PM and another late night...maybe 10 or 11PM?) and the prices were pretty decent for shared appetizers. Let me tell you about the food and a special drink.....\n\nWe ordered Brussels sprouts (AMAZING!!! UPDATED on July 7, 2018: my boyfriend hates Brussels but he said theirs was sooo good and will only eat them that way), mac n cheese bites (had a little kick), chicken nachos (the jalapeños were hot), and the fries (the cheese and dip were delightful).\n\nWhat stood out to me most was the Electric Butterfly cocktail. The waitress said that I picked the best drink of them all. Then my friend said she read a review about it in a magazine. They seemed both very excited about this drink that I picked out. I'm not sure why I picked it as I hate butterflies, but the description (posted a photo of it and the drink) looked superb so my tastebuds told my brain, \"THAT ONE!\" The buzz button definitely gave my mouth a strong tingling and numbing sensation, but for sure cleansed my palette a bit and the drink tasted even better after.....and so did my friend's drink called Rosemary's Ruby Red. Hahah. Even the taste of the Brussels sprouts after chewing the buzz button from the drink made them taste bold.\n\nWe chilled down with a couple of beers on their list. Seemed like you couldn't go wrong with whatever they had on tap.\n\nWe sat on the patio since the sun was peaking out, but as it got cooler, they turned on the patio ceiling heat lamps and it felt good. Sitting on the patio or by the window is a great choice if you like to be distracted or people watch the Downtown Las Vegas crowd. The inside of this location looks very ambient with their dim lights and I was loving the dropped lightbulbs on the colored wires.\n\nThe bar had TVs if you wanted to catch up on sports and such.\n\nI will definitely return to try more items and cocktails. As for the price, got to make sure I share with friends as that bill can rack up quick because everything we ordered was so good!