What a friggin nightmare!  NEVER coming here again. \nMy boyfriend and I are both sick with mega colds, so we decided to order some food for delivery.   \nWe've been regulars at this restaurant for a loooong time.  Personally, I've been coming here for well over 5 years, and I've never had any issues before. \nWe ordered Pad See Ew, Pad Thai, Won Tons, and Tom Kha Gai for a total of about $40, for delivery.  The food was delivered on time, but everything was horrible!  I couldn't believe this food was even from the same restaurant.  I actually wondered if we had accidentally called some other place.  The won tons were hard, and looked baked.  The bottoms were flat with little bumps on the bottom (maybe some frozen, boxed brand?).  One of the won tons looked completely different than the rest.  It was a lot smaller, fried-looking, and a different shape.  Wtf?  The Pad Thai was bland, and the noodles weren't even the right kind! The Pad See Ew was mushy, and gross, with almost no sauce. All of the chicken was horribly overcooked.  The food was so bad that we decided to drive over, and return everything without even trying the soup. \nI calmly explained everything to the owner when I got the restaurant, and he was a complete asshole to me!  I apologized, told him that I wasn't trying to insult him, and that I loved his restaurant, but that this food just wasn't up to standard.  He ate a bunch of the food from our takeout containers (ew!), and said that it tasted the same as it always did.   He wouldn't even admit that it looked different, when it obviously did.  He refused to give me a refund, because it wasn't \"merchandise\".  After loudly arguing with me in front of about 10 other customers, and yelling at other employees in a different language while pointing at me, he finally agreed to give me my money back, saying that he had never had to do that before, and that he shouldn't have to.  I told him that all legitimate restaurants refund their clients when they're unsatisfied, and he actually had the gall to say \"OH, SO YOU'VE DONE THIS BEFORE!?\"  I was speechless.  Seriously?  Yeah, I just LOVE paying for delivery when I'm sick,  then driving around town, returning nasty food, and dealing with rude business owners.\nHe said that he refused to deliver to me again, and that if I ever ordered pick up, I'd have to taste everything at the restaurant before being allowed to take the food home.  What a joke!  I don't think he'll have to worry about that happening any time soon.  I would have gladly given this restaurant another shot  if he hadn't been so insanely rude to me, but after this kind of \"service\"? There's no way in hell.