This bakery was right around the corner from my job and I'd been craving a cupcake for a few weeks so I finally decided to give in. I ordered 2 cupcakes, the Strawberry and the Vanilla and also 1 Green Apple Macaroon. I always saw Macaroons on chef shows and was curious and finally had the opportunity to try one in person. It was delicious! So delicious I went back the next day for more. Sadly, they only had 1 Green Apple left so I scooped it up along with an Orange which was delicious also. So flaky and light. Also very sweet! It turned my empty stomach afterwards. But was worth it!\n\nNow for the cupcakes, giving me instructions to leave my cupcake out at room temperature for a few hours before I could enjoy it was immediately a turn off. I realize that it is warm outside, however, that does not mean that the cupcakes need to be kept at almost freezing. I've been to plenty of bakeries who keep their cases at a temperature just high enough to keep them from melting. Who wants a cold dense cupcake? Had I not already paid when she told me, I would've left them there. After waiting almost 5 hours leaving the cupcakes in my office on my desk & then in my car for an hour drive home, the cupcakes were still very cold. I was tired of waiting and decided to give the Strawberry one a try. It was cold, dense and dry. It tasted more like a muffin than a cupcake. The icing was delicious though. So I enjoyed the icing and trashed the cupcake after few bites. I left the Vanilla cupcake on my counter while I was at work the next day. I wrapped it so it wouldn't dry out from sitting in the box. I do not leave my air on while i'm at work, so my apartment is around 78 degrees by the time I get home so the cupcake wasn't cold, but it was still dense and dry. Again, more consistent with a muffin than a cupcake. \n\nGigi's near Southpark also keeps their cupcakes pretty cold. But after about an hour you can enjoy a light and fluffy cupcake. So i'll be passing on cupcakes at Decadent Designs moving forward. But i'll definitely be returning for Macaroons and maybe try a different dessert.