The 2 ladies did a fair job on what they did do. I feel like they took much too long for an empty home that was not excessively in need of cleaning, (two adults, no children, two guest bedrooms rarely used) especially without having to move anything or to vacuum any of the 3 bedrooms, the stairs, or the living room, only had to sweep and mop small kitchen dining area- (carpet cleaners schedule for the next day)\nFrom 8:30 a.m. To 12:30 p.m. they cleaned the baseboards upstairs, the Windows upstairs, 1 bathroom upstairs that had already been cleaned, 1 bathroom separate tub- (tub had dust only as it was never used), and 1 shower with two glass sides , no mold, mildew, etc and one 2nd toilet- again not in need of deep cleaning as I cleaned weekly. When I checked in with them at 12:30 and the downstairs kitchen area was still in need of cleaning, 1 lady was working on the oven, again rarely used and not in need of extensive cleaning, the kitchen floor had not been cleaned, nor had the kitchen counter tops been cleaned. I asked how much longer and mentioned the plan was 4 hours, and the apparent lead, mumbled (not looking at me when she responded) it's going to take longer, I asked how much longer, she shrugged her shoulders and mumbled 30 minutes- unfortunately both of the ladies spoke broken English, so I was unsure if they understood what I was asking and not 100% of what they answered. I left and returned in about 30 minutes and they still were not much further along than when I left. I let them know I was waiting (did not make sense to run back and forth to the office) and stepped outside to wait. It was another 30 minutes when they started to make their way out and the kitchen floor did not get the attention it needed as I was waiting and the ladies seemed to rush it along. $180.00 and I had to return to finish the kitchen floor myself. I had to return to work and frankly could not afford (I was quoted $140.00) for them to stay longer to take care of the kitchen floor. They asked for cash payment, but could not provide me with a paper receipt at the time that I handed them the cash. The lead called the office and the representative assured me I would receive a receipt by email immediately. It was very uncomfortable to hand staff $180.00 cash without receiving a written receipt at the time I handed them the cash. I did receive an email receipt from the office promptly. Would I have received as promptly had I not called? Who knows. Before my move out inspection, I went back to the house and finished the job. Cleaned the kitchen floor. Wiped the circles (where their products were sitting) from the counter tops; cleaned the baseboards in the kitchen and the lower area of the wall (corners); cleaned all the light switches (discovered none had been addressed); cleaned all the door knobs and door facings\/areas around the door knobs that tend to get hand\/finger prints (none had been addressed); the refrigerator was left unplugged and had begun to smell stale.\nI would not use them again. If you decided to use them I would ask for a quote in writing. They lollygagged along until I arrived and hovered over them. Which of course, increased the fees they could charge. No idea how they get paid- perhaps it is a percentage which would Incentivize them to take their time.