If you decide on eating at Craftsteak, I suggest you come prepared with two things: alot of cash and a huge appetite for meat. The cash, because even though the menu is extensive (items range from about $12 to $130, with most meats being $50 and up), you owe it to yourself to try the 3 course Kobe Tasting Menu at minumum. At $130 per person, it isn't cheap, but when you're done you'll realize that it was money well spent. The appetite, because assuming you've ordered the above, you will be rewarded with the most insanely good, heavenly Kobe steaks on earth along with impressive sides and desserts. \n\nOur party of four decided to go big (I don't believe in coming to these caliber restaurants and ordering small) and we were rewarded with Kobe filet mignon, Kobe ribeye, Kobe skirt steak, and Kobe sirloin. Being a chefs' tasting menu, we did not get to decide what starters\/sides\/cuts\/desserts to order, but this made the experience that much more exciting. The entire meal was served family style, giving everyone an opportunity to try everything. The wine list was equally impressive, actually it was more like a book than a list. Apparently there were over 700 wines in it, with some bottles topping over $8000 (we did NOT go this big).\n\nEach cut of meat was presented in either a cast iron or stainless steel pan, complete with the most amazing steak sauce reductions. The filet, ribeye, and skirt steak easily could have been the best three cuts of steak I've ever had. The Kobe sirloin seemed pedestrian in comparison, but was easily up there with most cuts at any other top steakhouse. The starters and sides were also very good with the highlights being the Kobe beef tartare and the potato puree. The four desserts were also excellent but probably weren't enjoyed as much because all of us were in a Kobe-beef induced haze.\n\nThe service, decor and ambiance was excellent as expected, my only complaint being that the restaurant is super dim. Everyone in our party agreed that they'd definitely come back despite the bill, but probably would order a la carte since we knew what cuts of meat and sides we wanted, and we probably wouldn't order quite as much food. Thanks, Tom Colicchio!