I've been renting a unit here for just over a year an it is a constant mess. The security is a joke and the lighting inside the units is non existent.  I finally learned my lesson after my unit was broken into and the response from the on site employee Nikki was nothing short of rude and completely unsympathetic.   \n\nAdded to that, about three months prior I was stuck in the elevator and pushed the alarm for help. It was July in Arizona which means 110 to 120 temps. No one came to help nor were there cameras in the elevator.  After about 15 minutes I was able to pry the doors open and went I to the office soaked in sweat and pretty panicked.  They stated that they didn't realize an alarm was being pushed. Turned out the alarm was connected to nothing!!   There were no cameras in the elevator, and although There was supposed to be a working phone in the elevator it was not working. \n\nAfter the break in, I filed a police report and requested the video footage of the robbery. Nikki stated that they turned the footage to the police already but when I asked for the report number she refused to give it to me. (Note that I received a call from the district mgr later and his response was that he didn't know why she would not give me the report number and he would follow up with her, but I still have not received that information). \n\nTo date I have not been offered any type of remuneration or refund. In fact, my storage rental fee was increased after the elevator instance although new customer rents were lower.\n\nI finally went back five days after the break in and moved to a PODS storage unit. And guess what, the \"secured\" gates and buildings were wide open. when I asked the office to secure them Nikki rudely told me that would inconvenience them because they had an auction that day and still had people picking up. \n\nBy the way, the PODS unit I rented was just $7 more a month and it is kept much more secure.  \n\nOne more thing, the district manager was quick to blame the police rather than the property's own shoddy camera system for the multiple robberies that had gone unsolved there.   I wonder how old and cheap that cameras are.