The folks at OO Movers moved our family this past week.   Here was my experience. \n\nI called around to allot of places.  I chose this company because they had amazing customer service.  They also sold me on the fact that the movers are owners themselves and would be extra careful as they had a stake in business.  The price was in the middle.  Not too low, not outrageous.  I was paying by the hour\n\nWhen the movers arrived, they were very professional, and introduced themselves and shook my hand.  There were 3 movers.  One seemed to be an owner, but the other two were hired. \n\nThey immediately asked if I would mind if they kept their shoes on, as the job would take twice as long if they had to remove their shoes.  I agreed, as I knew there would be cleaners coming, however, I expected them to use runners, which they did not.  \n\nThe three of them worked very hard, taking few breaks.  It was quite impressive and in the morning, I was thankful i chose them. By noon, to show my appreciation, i bought them each food and drinks.     \n\nWhen we got to my new house, i changed the rules as the carpets were already cleaned, and I didn't want anyone tracking rocks on the hardwood.  Here was the experience at the new house: \n\n- they didn't use runners, and most of the time they \"forgot\" to remove their shoes.  My floor was VERY dirty.  One of the guys wasn't even wearing shoes that could be removed\n- they were careless with the materials\n- they were not thoughtful where they were putting things.  I labeled all boxes, and they didn't read the labels.  Additionally, nightstands, desks, etc, were not put back in the same rooms, they were taken from. \n- all other service providers were APPALLED with how they were treating my house and belongings. the installer, and other deliveries all commented on their poor level of service, noting they would be fired if they treated a customer like that. \n\nHere is the kicker.  I was looking in the garage, where they seemed to be dumping everything.  I was looking for anything that i can direct them to move into the house.  One of the guys didn't know i was there, and he was rummaging through my son's nightstand.  He took a bill from drawer and put it in his back pocket!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nIt was a small denomination, but I immediately took inventory of what else he had access too. I decided not to say anything for fear of being a female alone with a bunch of guys.  I also decided not to inform the company, as to be honest, I just didn't trust the guys, and they knew where i lived.  I am still looking for some of my items - but considering the mess they left, it will be days before I will know for sure if it is here or taken.\n\n\nUpdate: the owner of OO Movers recently Contacted me regarding this review.   He indicated that the review was losing the company business and wanted to know how much they can compensate me to remove it.     He was indifferent to the violation that my family experienced from his company.  He was more concerned about how the review was affecting the company.   I was offered $250 (which didn't even cover the cleaning costs of their carelessness of the employees).