It's all about the experience . . . the food, the atmosphere, the service. Amaro scores a home run! It's been on my list for months, but we never got around to it until it showed up as an Arizona Restaurant Week participant. I'm a picky eater and always have a hard time making up my mind as to what I want, but when I see a \"fixed price\" restaurant week menu that has multiple items that I'd order, I'm there! \n\nWe were greeted at 6 pm on Friday night by one of the owners, Tagan, who was the catalyst for what became a most remarkable dining experience. We were seated at a comfy booth, safely tucked away from the happy hour scene. Tagan then introduced us to Mauricio, a true Italian waiter (I think via NJ) with a \"grande personalita\" -- just what you would expect in Italy! I was surprised that when I ordered a special martini combo, Mauricio wasn't quite sure what it was I wanted, so he called over the bartender Frank, who also happens to be an owner as well, who made one of the best Vodka-Midori-Pineapple martinis ever, garnished with a maraschino cherry! Loved the personal attention, and it never ceased throughout the entire course of the meal. My husband and I really appreciate when owners really want to hear what their patrons think, and we engaged in wonderful conversation about food, wine, travel, etc. Okay, some people like not to be bothered during their meals, but we like to get to know the people and the places we go, especially if we are going to go back . . . the next night. \n\nAmaro, as some have said before in their reviews, is not your typical pizzeria. The Vino Lounge atmosphere is more appropriate. Pizzeria and Vino Lounge are certainly oxymorons and conjure up completely polarizing images. That being said, the restaurant design itself is also an oxymoron with its spacious dining area and its cozy lounge area. But it all works. Friday night they had great live music . . . Oh Baby Baby Its a Wild World by Cat Stevens, one of my favorite songs . . . I'm showing my age . . . \n\nThe food . . . yum! My husband opted for the AZ Restaurant Week menu and kicked it off with the Calamari Croccante. The calamari aficionado he is, he was wowed. He loved the two accompanying sauces, one a marinara type, the other, a lemon caper sauce. I had the Kantak Chop salad . . . it is my new favorite dish . . . The melding of flavors and textures just made my tongue tingle! (When we went back the next night, we ordered both the Calamari and the Kantak again!) My husband's Chicken Parm was melt in your mouth delicious, and it was a huge portion, enough for two, maybe three people. I had a pizza with mushrooms, spinach and Tellegio cheese -- the crust was thin, bubbly, and cooked to perfection. I was so full from my Kantak chopped salad that I could only eat one piece. I took the rest home and had a couple of pieces for breakfast . . . honestly, it was better than the night before, maybe because the flavors had a chance to meld with each other. Loved it! For dessert, my hubby had the Tiramisu which he devoured while making orgasmic sounds with each bite. \n\nWhen we returned on Saturday night, we were warmly greeted as if we were old friends. We asked to be seated in Mauricio's section . . . I think he was happy to see us again. He's now familiar with my ordering idiosyncrasies . . . Again, we had a delicious meal. Hubby had the Con Pollo Salsiccia Tagliatelle (black pepper pasta, chicken\/provolone sausage, asparagus, roasted tomatoes, garlic\/tomato pesto) and I had the Giardino (house-made fettuccini verde, garlic, shallots, grape tomatoes, scallions, broccolini, shaved parmesan, EVOO). Both pastas were incredibly fresh and perfectly seasoned. (FYI, there is no salt or pepper on the table, for good reason, nothing needed it!) The portions are quite ample and I ended taking more than half of my pasta home. My step-daughter ordered the Pollo Carciofo pizza with house-pulled mozzarella, parmesan, basil pesto, wood fired chicken breast, marinated artichokes, extra virgin olive oil, basil. She loved it . . . and I loved it even more when I had pizza for breakfast the next morning . . . ooh la la! Lastly, we ordered the Panna Cotta for dessert. It was scrumptious - one of the best desserts I've tasted in eons. It was purely decadent and sinful . . . and definitely not on my food plan. \n\nI've read where some reviewers have said the wine list begs for better wines. My husband didn't find that to be the case and had a difficult time deciding between some great options. He ultimately chose the Pine Ridge Chenin Blanc and was very pleased. \n\nIf there was anything negative at all to say about Amaro, it would be the lack of an outside patio, a subject upon our first arrival that became quite the joke. \n\nWe are definitely hooked on Amaro . . . it has the whole package, and it's almost in our back yard! Buon Appetito!