I think Angels Trumpet Ale House (besides having an awesome name) is a really neat place to hang out with friends, sample interesting beers, and take a breather after a busy week. Service can be a tad slow because of how busy it can get, but the servers are friendly and really helpful. The ambiance inside is a cross between casual hipster bar and comfortable after-work hangout bar. I like the wooden tables and stools, not to mention the outside seating in the backyard when the weather is nice.\n\nAngels Trumpet's claim to fame -- and rightly so -- is their beer flights. The system is to grab a piece of paper with six circles drawn on them, write down the beers you'd like to sample using the numbering system updated on a blackboard, and prepare to be excited. The beer selection is unique and ranges from deep and smooth to tangy and fruity. I tend to lean towards lighter, fruitier beers, and out of the ones I've tried, the blood orange cider is hands down my favorite. I'm not a frequent drinker, but taste comes first in my book, and the blood orange cider was a great balance of acidic, fruity, and refreshing. \n\nWhile the drink portion of the menu is impressive, I found the food portion rather lackluster, which was disappointing because I find drinks are always better when paired with good finger food. \n\nHot pretzels:\nThese pretzels were advertised as using beer batter, if I remember correctly, and I was excited for the soft, airy pillows to pair with my beer flight. Unfortunately the pretzels themselves were rather dense and hard on the outside, and they were virtually inedible once they had cooled down a little. The cheese sauce was pretty good, the mustard was unremarkable, and overall I didn't think this was worth the ~$10 asking price. \n\nHummus platter:\nThis platter was pretty generous in size, and the hummus was pretty flavorful taste-wise. It wasn't as smooth as I would've liked, with some chunks of garbanzo that hadn't been blended in. I liked the cucumber pairing, but the pita bread was dry and floury without much of that freshly-made fragrance I was looking for. \n\nPoutine:\nThe size of this dish was again generous, and we couldn't finish it even between three people, but the positives stopped there. The fries were limp and soggy, even the ones that hadn't been covered with gravy. The gravy was definitely not freshly made, and when paired with the fries, there was an overall flavor of \"having sat around for too long\" (if anyone knows the proper vocabulary word for that, please tell me!). I wouldn't recommend ordering this on the off chance that it is freshly made that day.\n\nI'd certainly come back for hanging out and sampling some unique beers, but not for the food.