I first have to say that this is the first negative review I've ever written.  EVER.  Not because I think everywhere I go is amazing but before Fuego Tacos I'd never been to anywhere bad enough to feel compelled to warn the rest of the dining public.  \n\nMy husband and I went took a friend who was visiting from out of town here for dinner on a Monday night.  There were only a half a dozen other people eating in there at the time, and the two members of staff on duty - one waitress and a bartender - were idling near the door. We should have known something was wrong the minute we walked in.  But it wasn't until we actually sat down that I realized nobody in there was talking.  They were all looking down, pushing their food around their plates, not saying a word.  \n\nThe atmosphere soon explained itself when we got our first taste of the abrupt \"service\" followed by the dismal tacos.  For a place that hypes its own happy hour so much I expected them to have a decent drink selection.  Like, say, more than just sangria or a margarita with a chili pepper in it...  Even so I asked the bartender, who acted as our server, for a recommendation.  He shrugged his shoulders and didn't say a single word to me in response.  This was the freaking bartender!! \n\nIt only got worse from there.  Despite the fact that the place was dead he rushed us to place our order and wandered away while my husband was in mid-sentence, resulting in him getting the carne asada in taco form rather than  burrito-style like he wanted.  The food itself was a bad joke.  Not just mediocre - actually bad.  All the tacos were completely tasteless except for a heaping pile of cabbage that tasted like it had been marinated in red hot candies.  It was sickeningly sweet and had an overpowering artificial cinnamon flavor.  Even if it hadn't tasted terrible the portions were small and over-priced. \n\nIt sounds dramatic but the experience really was bad enough to affect our entire evening.  I was so embarrassed...I couldn't apologize enough to my friend.  You couldn't pay me to go back to Fuego Tacos ever again.