I like this place, but I'm not sure about the person behind it (I'll explain this at the end of the review). It is a very cozy restaurant with lots of details! The menu changes every week apparently, and everything is locally sourced - which is really thoughtful. Their straws are also paper. \n\nIt was just one guy running the show last night, who I suspect is the owner. It wasn't particularly slow, but you can see that it's just him serving and bartending. He is a bit sassy, but for good reason most times (ie, my friend thought it was okay to shake their glass to signal another drink). \n\nHe did make a comment to my two guy friends that was a bit insensitive right when they ordered: \"what's your boyfriend having?\" - not sure if it was sarcasm or he actually thought they were together? They didn't take offence but were questioning why that was an option.  \n\nOn the other hand, they are definitely a more moderate noised place - so big parties beware! We had a large group of 9, and were told to keep it down when our conversations got too loud. \n\nThey have a front living room that can sit about 30 people and a bar area for about 10! The washrooms are clean, and the vanity makes you feel special. \n\nMaybe they were already running low, but by 10pm though, they were running out of Jamison and Vodka. \n\nHowever, one thing to note is that the owner of this place does not have a good reputation in the media - I'm not sure if he's made his amends or anything, but it is something to keep in mind. I found this out as I was going through their geolocation on Instagram. Someone had purposely made an account to post pictures of dog poop and tag the restaurant. I did some digging and found that he was previously the co-owner of Handlebar, and his business partner got the backlash of his personal debt in Jan 2017. \n\n\"RBC obtained a court order that she repay over $70,000 that stemmed from the personal debts of her former business partner and not the bar they operated.\"\n\nMoreover, the venue is great, I like that it's locally sourced as much as possible, and I had a good time, but I do feel a guilty about supporting a business that has some history. But then again, who doesn't have history?