All I can say is.....don't waste your time going to this dump!  I don't imagine it will be in business very long.  Especially with an owner that is a complete and total jerk!  This pompus fool doesn't have a clue what decent food is.  We ordered 2 French Dip sandwiches with fries and drink...What we were served was something I've never ever seen before.  I wish I had taken a picture for the reviewers on here.  It was a cold sub roll with about 3 tablespoons of tough stringy leathery \"shredded pot roast\" in about 3 inch strands...with a small piece of cold non-melted cheese.  And lets not forget the so called Au jus you're supposed to dip it in.  This gross au jus was a yellow orange oily substance of some kind.  I have no idea what it was.  It kind of looked like chicken grease.  This sandwich was the most disgusting thing I've ever been served anywhere!\nSo.......we called our server to the table and asked if we could get something else.  We told him we ordered two Frech Dip's and this is clearly NOT a French Dip!  The waiter asked what else we wanted instead....and we said just give us a couple cheeseburgers.  We figured that hopefully they can't screw a burger up too badly.  So after a couple minutes, here comes this old gray haired guy storming to our table where my mother and I were sitting.  He looked furious!!!!  He said \"What was wrong with \"MY\" French Dip?\"  We were startled at his approach first off.....then we proceeded to tell him that the meat was tough, stringy and not edible.  He raises his voice and says \"I cooked that meat for 5 hours!!!\"  And I said...\"first of all it was shredded in long pieces that you can't even chew.\"  He hollars \" I shred the meat instead of slicing it!!!\"  And he storms off back into the kitchen....where he definitely does not belong!  Turns out....this jerk was the owner.  The other customers sitting around us was in disbelief of what an unprofessional jerk this guy was.  This place only has 12 tables in it....so everyone can hear everything.  So after that ignorant seen this jerk made....my mother and I immediately decided that WE are not going to give this fool one single dollar of our money!!! So we told the waiter to cancel the burgers we are leaving.  On the way out four people sitting at 2 tables said...\"Good for you....I'd leave too!\"  And \"We aren't coming back here either after that behavior from an owner!\"  \nI was floored at what a moron this so called owner was.  Usually when you send something back...it's for a reason.  An owner shouldn't come running to your table in a rage yelling \"What was wrong with MY sandwich!\".  Clearly this owner has NO CLUE what a French Dip is!  It's SUPPOSED to be THINLY SLICED ROAST BEEF on a TOASTED FRENCH ROLL.  The beef and roll should NOT BE COLD!  And the beef should NOT BE 3 TABLESPOONS OF LEFT OVER LEATHERY POT ROAST SHREDDED INTO 3 INCH STRANDS!  And SHOULD NOT have COLD CHEESE on it!!!!  The Au Jus should be BROWN IN COLOR....WITH A BEEF BASED FLAVOR!  NOT AN ORANGE & YELLOW OILY SUBSTANCE!!!!!!  My god!  What planet is this idiot from?  He has no business owning and cooking in any restaurant!  Which is why this place will fold up and close in the very near future.  My first clue should of been...that they close at 3:00pm.  Obviously they don't have enough business to stay open like \"normal\" restaurants.  \nThis place doesn't even deserve one star!  It deserves Negative Stars!!!!  So don't waste your time or money at this dump.