Allegiant (aka purgatory airlines) is not worth the hassle for the lower fares. Do yourself a favor and just go with a reputable airline and pay a little more for legitimate service.\n\nI recently traveled with allegiant to Las Vegas.  On the first leg the flight attendants were the most rude I've ever experience in all my flights. They clearly didn't want to be there. They were annoyed any time anyone wanted anything.\n\nOn the return leg things really got bad. We boarded the plane and I found that my seat was broken.  We then taxi'd out and sat on the runway for 1:15. They then told us we could not take off because \"it's too hot.\"  This made little sense I watched 3 planes take off on the runway we were lined up for while we taxi'd back to the gate. When we were getting off a couple in front of me asked the captain why we didn't take off and he said it was because of a problem with the plane. Then while at the counter the gate person have at least 3 different reasons why the plane was delayed. Clearly no one knew what was going on and they were only saying weather to move blame away from them.\n\nOne other flyer was visibly upset and wanted to fly with another airline. She was being very civil in her requests but gate person was mad and incredibly rude and would not do anything to help. All she would say is \"the manager will be here later, take it up with her.\" Everyone standing there was in awe of the arrogance and lack of empathy.\n\nWhile we waited to here what was going to happen the allegiant app changed the time 3 different times and each time the gate agent said over the PA that those weren't right, but didn't give an explanation. \n\nFinally 2.5 hours later we got another flight that was going through grand junction, co.  We were going to Des Moines. The flight was direct and now we have a stop to \"re-fuel\". Once we got on the second plane we sat at the gate for another hour. On both flights they didn't have the a\/c running. The temp was 110 outside so I don't have to explain how hot it was in the cabin. Multiple people asked if they could cool the cabin down and they would just reply this is as cool as we can keep it.  After another 20 mins or so they came in with a heat gun to test the temps. Their solution to it being too hot was to open the rear door and bring in this massive fan. I remind you that it was 110 outside.  It was more like a furnace than cooling off the plane.  They then told us that the reason we were sitting at the gate was that they need to fuel the plane. The 2.5 hours we waited wasn't enough to fuel the plane?\n\nAfter another 1:15 sitting on the plane we were asked to de-plane again.  This time they stated that they had to take us off because the FAA requires that they unload us after 1:15. When they told the back flight attendant where I was sitting what was happening he slammed the phone down and said, \" I really wish we had our shit together.\" \n\nOnce we got off they told us why they had deplaned us but also told us that we were now back to flying direct because they accidentally put to much fuel on board.  So after a out 10 mins they boarded us for a 3rd time. I felt terrible for an elderly gentleman that had sat for over 3 hours in 100+ degree heat in the plane. He was the first and last on board every time.\n\nThrough all of this, dozens of people asked to speak with the manager. And she was always \"on her way.\" In the course of 7 hours, she never showed up. There is zero accountability and complete dishonesty with this airline.\n\nAbsolutely terrible experience. However, it will be my last experience with them. I strongly recommend that you avoid allegiant if at all possible.