We were looking for a breakfast place as we traveled across Arizona. A nearby restaurant had a line so we found this place on Yelp and decided to have a look.\nIt is a little further from the freeway but not hard to find.\n\nThe restaurant is very spacious with a lot of tables but doesn't feel crowded. Large windows give it a light airy feel. Decor is spare but interesting with murals and memorabilia.\n\nWe were greeted by very friendly servers at the front and taken to a booth right away. \nThe server brought us waters and coffee quickly as is the fashion in America.\nThe coffee was excellent! THIS IS IMPORTANT! Most inexpensive restaurants go for the cheapest Farmer Bros. coffee available and thus fulfill their promise of serving \"coffee\". Their coffee is superb and makes the difference in the experience. We are not coffee snobs but the coffee that so many accept at Dennys, Dunkin Donuts and any number of roadside restaurants is a cruel hoax.\nI noted that they claimed to make their pancakes and waffles from scratch. Figuring this to be a decent test of their basic skills I ordered the pancakes, 2 eggs and sausage breakfast. My wife ordered an egg white vegetarian omelette.\nThey came fairly promptly and I was delighted to see that the sausage patties were freshly cooked and not reheated, desiccated discs of pig. They were tender,juicy and hot from the griddle. Eggs were cooked perfectly and the pancakes were indeed light and delicious.\nMy wife was delighted with the veggie omelette that had green pepper, spinach and mushroom. Cooked perfectly.\nService was attentive with refills for coffee and water made promptly but not intrusively.\n\nBreakfast is a funny meal to get right. It is seemingly simple but can be difficult to get right in a volume environment. Eggs and pancakes are very sensitive to timing and temperature and freshness is of the essence.\n\nAngel's scored perfectly on all counts. The food was solid American breakfast perfectly cooked by a skilled kitchen crew and only enhanced by their great coffee.\nOn top of all this the price is very reasonable if bordering on too cheap.\nGreat food, delightful staff.Oh yeah, clean restrooms too.