I rarely give two-star ratings.  But this one was deserved.\n\nWhen opening up my utensil-filled paper napkin to reveal needed silverware, I immediately beheld a fork that needed serious washing.  The tines had visible dirty streaks on them, and a large splotch was clearly visible on the handle.\n\nThen when the Pot Stickers came they looked and tasted like they had just been pulled from a frozen box; a fairly good sweet Thai Sauce could not save these pork-filled apps that had been steamed and then quick-fried in their tasteless freeze-burned wrappings.  The Lobster Bisque included with an entrée turned out to be a cup of orange-colored soup that tasted fishy and contained pieces of what seemed like shrimp, and were certainly not lobster.  \n\nAnd, perhaps most disappointing of all, while the corned beef present in Corned Beef & Cabbage was lean and fairly tasty, the cabbage served with it consisted of a miniscule amount of tiny remnants of cabbage interspersed with tiny pieces of bacon.  Fairly good buttered Boiled Skin-on Potatoes rested on the plate in much more abundance than did cabbage.  It is not an exaggeration to say that altogether only about eight tablespoons of cabbage were served.\n\nCole Slaw that accompanied Fish & Chips was just creamy enough and pretty good.  But the Pretzel Bread advertised on the menu to come with all entrees was a complete no show.  When I inquired about the missing bread, the waitress flatly said that Pretzel Bread is only served if a diner orders a Caesar Salad.  But the language on the menu made no such distinction, nor does that answer make logical sense.\n\nService was generally okay, but after ordering we were pretty much left to our own devices, and the entrees arrived just a beat behind the soup.\n\nWith numerous Chinese eateries around that make their pot stickers with fresh ingredients and from scratch, and other Irish haunts like Three Angry Wives available that serve a half a head of cabbage with their vaunted Corned Beef and Cabbage entrée, there is no incentive to return here.  Proximity by itself is not enough!