Our party arrived at 11:15 am today, when the price is $25. The place was packed. We waited in line to become life time members at $5 each (membership is required), then waited in another line at the concierge's desk. We were told it would be 45 minutes to get to our spot. Since we would not be able to begin our fun, it would be after the 12:00 cut off for the price increase from $25 to $35. Whatever. So we decide to wait in the game and TV room. The waiter, Dan, came and took our drink orders. He brought them about 10 minutes later and we ordered appetizers and one of us ordered ice cream. Plus, 3 waters were ordered. Nothing ever came. About 35 minutes later we asked Dan where everything was. He said he'd check, and we also asked for the water. Another 20 or so minutes went by, and our group was called to report to our spot. Suddenly, Dan was there!! He wanted to make sure we got our food and said it would be delivered to us. At this point none of us even cared about our food. Within minutes, the food appeared, like magic!! I asked him again, for the 3rd time, for water. About 10 minutes later, the water arrived, along with 2 beers which had been ordered. So to sum up, when you get there, bring your own food and drink because by the time you get it it will be time to leave. I did see a sign in the ladies room they are having a hiring event on March 22. Maybe they don't have enough employees right now. I'm certain they don't have enough cooks, and they definitely had poor customer service today! Anyway, the golf part was fun but we were on the very bottom floor. One of the people I was with said it's more fun to be on the floors above. You'd certainly get a better view. I liked the TVs since it was the first day of March Madness. This location is crazy busy. I have heard the Gilbert location is not as busy. I doubt I will go back to this location. I think i will just go to a driving range at a local golf course and hit balls. I don't need all the glamour and Scottsdale fanciness this place has.