We had an interesting experience here.  Our server was Doug and he was great.  He was personable and knowledgeable.  His assistants were useless as was the manager to a certain point.  A busser dropped a full glass of ice water right next to our table of 6. It literally exploded, shattering glass and water on our clothes.  NOT ONE PERSON came over to ask if we were OK.  They just swept it all up, and that was that.  I had to call over the busser to get the glass under our table. I look over through the clear walls and the manager glances over in our direction, then just stands there still leaning on the counter chatting with a server.  Doug was running around and the \"assistants\" were setting a table that left 30 minutes ago.  All of our appetizers had been eaten, our wine was finished, and we had a full table of dirty dishes and all empty water glasses.  We didn't mind waiting for our dinner given such a beautiful environment, but now it was uncomfortable with a filthy table, and still stepping on pieces of glass.  So, since the manager is still not doing anything I approach him.  I say, \"excuse me, \" as he looks directly at my chest instead of my eyes (he's lucky he didn't get smacked) and I explain to him that since there are supposed to be 4 people (server, manager, and 2 assistants,) giving my table attention yet we have no water or wine left in our glasses, and a table of dirty dishes.  He apologizes and waves for people that are busy with other things to come help him clear the table.  We ask him for more water, he says, \"I'll be back immediately with that.\" He forgot and went back to holding up that hostess stand. We asked one of the assistants for more water, and it was like we asked her for a kidney.  No smile, no pleasant answer.  Just a deep breathe and an attitude.  If she would've just told me where it was I would've done it myself. Doug came back and apologized up and down about everything.  He was as sweet as could be.  He then noticed our water all gone and grabbed the pitcher immediately. To make amends with us, even though it wasn't his fault, he showered us with desserts after our incredible meal. Being an Italian family we wanted specific things but we were totally OK with not getting them, laughing and joking with Doug.  Doug went above and beyond and went to the Italian restaurant to grab us cannolies!  Very thoughtful! The food was so amazing it was breathtaking. We all absolutely LOVED the food!  And the efforts he made with dessert were so incredibly appreciative. However, if we had to choose between better service or complimentary dessert, we would've chosen the service. We are locals, and I don't know if we'll bring our families in town back here, but if we did, we would request Doug.