I introduced two more people to Three Angry Wives' Corned Beef & Cabbage, and sampled the lean meat and delicate buttered cabbage again myself. It was just as delicious, tender, and pleasing to the palate as in previous visits. But this time I was focused on trying the Beef Stroganoff, which comes with either egg noodles or baked potato. I opted for the noodles, which were prepared al dente. \n\nI can't rave about the Beef Stroganoff as much as the Corned Beef & Cabbage. But, as presented with a generous supply of soft beef tips without any fat in sight, and big chunks of mushrooms, in a savory brown sauce that can perhaps best be described as saucy, it was quite tasty for a time. But, rather than being cooked into this dish, sour cream was placed on the plate in a small plastic container. I suppose this is fine for a diner who knows what he or she is doing. But I was perplexed about how much sour cream to add. Since Beef Stroganoff is not really stroganoff without some sour cream included, I knew I had to add some. But I didn't want to go over the tipping point of good taste. So, I tried my best, cautiously tossing in two spoonfuls, which spiced things up a small notch. Yet I would rather have had the chef decide how much sour cream was best for me. Like all entrees here, this one was very large. (For example, one pound of corned beef and half a head of cabbage is used for a single order of Corned Beef & Cabbage.) So, by the time I finished the last noodle (I generally clean my plate, probably because of my mother's repeated admonitions around the family dinner table many years ago when I put down my fork too soon that \"People are starving in China!\"), the sauce seemed bland and the dish a bit boring. \n\nPreceding delivery of entrees, a cup of Southwestern Soup featuring tiny black beans, bits of corn, and melted tortilla strips in a tangy and cheesy broth was quite tasty. Caesar Salad, prepared with fresh Romaine Lettuce and crunchy croutons enrobed in a nice, light creamy Caesar dressing, was satisfying. And a side of coleslaw was juicy and refreshing. Cheesy Tater Skins arrived with the entrees and contained a bit too much potato on the bottom, and one skin offered insufficient bacon on top. But they, too, were tasty.  Garlic bread was only fair. \n\nI hadn't eaten all day, so despite the large portions, a dessert seemed in order. So, I ordered a Hot Fudge Sundae. When it arrived I was stunned by its appearance: half-melted vanilla ice cream covered by some nuts and intersecting black lines of hot fudge that literally looked like a spiderweb overlaying a frosty mountain. But the creamy ice cream was cold and also refreshing, with bits of scattered hot fudge that just kept on giving as the gooey lines of sweet goodness broke down in the bowl. \n\nThis time an extra star was earned, because the same cheerful service was also efficient, and the kitchen was much quicker in churning out food. I just didn't like my server removing a fork from the salad bowl and placing it on the wood tabletop for reuse.