Like a knight in shining armor, Peas and Carrots arrived at my doorstep, except Peas and Carrots are two fabulous young ladies and instead of wearing shiny metal, they deliver pre-prepared vegan delights in containers with reflective interiors. They also don't ride horses, but to me, they are still like knights bringing sustenance to my doorstep that simply requires about 8 minutes in the microwave to be ready to devour.\n\nThis is a brilliant and well-needed concept. Even if they were delivering meaty products, it would still be yelptastic because who doesn't want home cooked, tasty entrees delivered to their door? Vegan entrees, though, are genius because we all know that finding vegetables in the desert is a challenge. So, it is very simple: Go to their website, email them your order, and then voila: They arrive on your doorstep with a bag of food that you can throw in your freezer and reheat when hungry. The prices are reasonable at $7 a single serving entrée, $5 for soups and a delivery charge of $5 (unless you live far far away).\n\nAll of this seemed too good to be true, so I became anxious that perhaps the food would not live up to the lofty nature of the concept, but I was wrong! Thank goodness. \n\nSo far I have defrosted ginger peanut noodles, black bean soup and chili, and I have been a happy camper. The ginger sauce was delectable; I think it actually got better the more I ate! Brown rice noodles? Thank you, ma'am! My one minor complaint was that I wanted more kale. I am a stickler for the green stuff. At first I was a little sad that the black bean soup was a chunky affair, as I really enjoy blended black beans, but after a spoonful I had no problems with stew. These ladies don't skimp on flavor! The chili was beautiful with lots of beans and colorful vegetables, and again, my taste buds were voting \"Yay\" in approval. Still awaiting me in my freezer: jambalaya and mac and cheese.\n\nAnd so, the Yelp Queen who could only butter toast lived happily ever after . . .  ;)