Kid Cashew is an eccentrically named business with eccentric decor to match. Decided on this joint for dinner with some friends on a Friday night. They were packed but it seemed like seating and turnover was quite efficient.\n\nOnce I got there the server quickly filled the group in on their concept of ordering small plates and sharing. None of us wanted to share so we all did our own thing. I had lost my ID at the time but the cocktails seemed very nicely crafted and the one I managed to get a sip of was great! Instead I got a ginger ale as our waiter could not describe the craft sodas they had on tap at all. They had Devil and Sweet available on the menu. He managed to describe Devil as a ginger ale and Sweet as sweet...I decided to go with Devil since he managed to get out a description for it. Unfortunately shortly afterwards our vocabulary challenged waiter came back to tell me they didn't actually have any of those in stock. However they did have the Wolf, Sour, and Spicy. He let me know that Wolf is like a root beer and Spicy tasted spicy while Sour was pretty sour and that they tasted like club soda with flavor. I declined on the soda.\n\nAfter a short while my octopus app came out and it looked delicious and tender! Tender octopus is very hard to do as even overcooking it a little creates what is essentially rubber.  Unfortunately whoever had grilled it had salted the crap out of it. So extremely salty and hard to finish even when I sprayed the char-grilled lemon over it (which did not seem char-grilled at all as it was kind of cold). This is one of those menu items that is puzzling as our waiter informed us they had a local farm to table menu concept and octopus is most definitely not local to the Piedmont area.\n\nAfterwards we waited for our main courses which consisted of leg of lamb, salmon, and a Greek salad. Then we waited some more, and some more. Eventually our water ran out and we kept waiting. Lets just say there was a lot of waiting involved and no water refill to be had. Finally our long awaited entrees arrived! I had ordered the lamb and it was nicely cooked to a medium\/medium rare. However it was very hard to eat as you aren't given a knife to help cut it and must use a butter knife. With the amount of tendons and fat present in this particular cut it did not make for a pleasant dining experience. Though it was much more nicely seasoned than my octopus and the harissa that I decided to pair with it was delicious!\n\nAfter that we decided to wait some more for our waiter to come and ask if we'd like the check and then a bit more waiting to finally get the check taken care of. This sort of thing makes me wonder how they got us a seat so fast in the first place.\n\nI really wanted to enjoy this place a lot since it is close to work and would make for a convenient dinner spot. Unfortunately the bad service, long waits, and inconsistent food makes this a pass for me, though I might stop by for happy hour!