Dr Jawadi was very personable on my first visit. I was going to have test so we scheduled for the next visit. In the next visit I wait a while (much longer than 15 mins)  to be roomed and to have the procedure. I will admit I was nervous about it all. I have a family history of cancer and this test was to rule it out and to remove a polyp.  My sister had a procedure done and stated it was very painful. This increased my anxiety.  The procedure started and I jumped. Dr Jawadi stayed I could not feel what was being down. Well yes I could. She told me I needed to be ready for the next procedure. I ask how. She pointed her index finger at her head and said in you mind. Speaking down and curt to me like I was stupid. Actually I was afraid and anxious. She must have missed the class on bedside care in school.\nSo I was late to my appointment.  I was informed they had a 15 min rule. Well no one shares the rule and it is not posted.  I patiently waited for my turn before and paid my money to be seen. There was no discount because she was late. I wanted to be seen because of the fear and anxiety that had before  and she increased by telling me I needed to prepare my mind for the procedure. The receptionist would not even ask if I could still be seen. It is our policy that if you are late you have to reschedule.  I rescheduled.  I asked for the report of the previous test. They gave me the results with no explanation and I left. I came back and canceled my appointment. I then returned to get the rest of my chart. They pulled the chart and I signed for the remainder of the records and was told the law allows thirty day to process a request. I said you just had my records. The receptionist said YOU ARE NOT GETTING YOUR RECORDS TODAY. We have 30 days. I  UNDERSTAND YOU ARE UPSET. I TOLD HER SHE DID NOT UNDErSTAND. YES I DO. DON'T TAKE IT OUT ON ME. I left and then I remembered I owned money. I offered to pay what was owned. The receptionist informed me that I did not owe anything. While trying to do the right thing with the payment, Dr Jawadi was in the front office area. She looked at me and turned and walked away. I guess she missed the communication and courtesy class too.  I will say. I am very disappointed in her and her staffs behavior. When there is family history of cancer and bleeding involved kindness goes a very long way. I will be seeing another physician that has compassion for their patient rather that a time clock and dollar signs