if money is a huge concern and inconvenience isn't an issue then move in. We do what we got to do, that is why I am here. For price\/locations on a budget this was the best place I found. Water is definitely an issue, the pressure is LOW, the faucets are ridicoulas, too much water so it sprays all over or too little. \"New\" toilets installed are disgusting and not even bolted down or input correctly, you can see where the old slightly bigger toilet was and gaps in the toilet to the flooring. Fitness facilities were closed for 6 months for \"renovations\" nothing was updated and half of the equipment has doesn't work notes on them. The grounds are sometimes clean and sometimes not, total hit and miss. And on the weekends when more people are likely to enjoy they don't have anyone keeping everything clean. Now we get a notice that laundry room effective IMMEDIATELY is closed for renovations until further notice well thanks for not giving us a notice this was happening and there should be an end date. They do this on a Friday like anyone is going to be doing work over the weekend, it doesn't take that long to install new washer\/dryers so it should be open within a few days but based on the letter I am not holding my breath. And so nice of them to let us know we can carry our laundry(hopefully no one with any physical disabilities) to one of the other facilities in the middle of summer, who doesn't enjoy carrying clothes around in 110 degree temps. My rent went up about $50 but not sure why nothing in my apartment changed, up to this point fitness facility closed but no renovations were actually done, they were just using for storage and now I have to trek to another building to do laundry hoping it is open in 110 temps. And they come into your apartment for one thing or another like every month, great that they leave you a letter that it is going to happen but why so often, nothing has changed! Need new refrigerators and stoves, they are ridiculously old and the stove smells like Gas. The a\/c sounds like it is a plane, so loud! Bummed that I resigned my lease a few months ago. Hopeful it will get better as they have soooo many new people working here but just playing it doesn't continue to get worse! And if you report something that needs repair just assume it got fixed cause they don't notify you either way. And they say they spray every other week, I so don't believe that. They have been fixing this place up for almost a year that I have seen but I don't see what has really changed to make things better.