My hubby and I have timeshare at the Grandview and returned last week after three years. When we arrived to check-in, the lobby was packed! Never saw that before there and it was a little disconcerting. After standing in line for a moment, a gentlemen motioned us over to the VIP desk. I think it was because we owned there, but I don't recall. I requested the most updated room and signed up for a timeshare presentation. We attend presentations for the free gift plus we always learn a tip or two on how to maximize our ownership.\n\nWe were assigned an A and B unit (2 rooms) in the Honeysuckle building. Both rooms were immaculate, bug-free and well appointed. Our adult children could not accompany us on the trip and we had been thinking the 2 bedrooms were going to be too much space for just the two of us, but boy was I wrong! It was great! With the foyer locked, we opened the doors to the rooms and pretended we were in a penthouse. He used the bathroom in one room, I used the other. We slept in one room for about three days then slept in the other room for the remainder of our stay. The only complaint I have about the rooms are the lack of an adequate exhaust system in the bathrooms to draw out odors. In most hotels, guests can switch it on and off. No switch here.\n\nThe timeshare presentation was almost 4 hours long and that included time spent at the free buffet breakfast provided and waiting to collect the gift at the end. If you're not interested in timeshare and\/or have scheduled events and outings throughout your vacation, feel free to skip this. You are under no obligation to do or buy anything. The only thing my husband and I do \"schedule\" are the timeshare presentations, then afterwards we go where we want and when we want. We received an attractive offer from Grandview to upgrade our timeshare but after getting out from a mountain of debt, I didn't want any new obligations.\n\nAll in all, I enjoyed the Grandview more during this stay than I did all the other times before in large part due to having the extra unit\/room. Housekeeping and the front desk staff were fantastic. The property was quiet although occupancy was high. It is close to The Strip but not too close. It is also conveniently located across the street from the South Point Casino and shopping is nearby via car or shuttle. With the free coupons the Grandview provides plus coupons from The American Casino Guide and\/or Las Vegas Advisor, you pay virtually nothing to eat out and drink.