My meal at Chica was all but perfect...until we got the check.  We came during Restaurant Week and added on an additional appetizer to truly taste everything Chica had to offer.  For our meals we had the empanadas and tacos to start, chicken and cuban sandwich for entree, and the donuts.  We also added an order of corn lollipops.\n\nTo begin, the empanada was very good.  The shell was cooked perfectly and the ground meat was heavy, but flavorful.  The tacos were one of the better upscale tacos I've had in the area.  Corn tortilla was starchy and hot and the insides were overflowing with pork and veggies.  The corn lollipopps were different than I'm used to.  These were more of a cheesy, lime flavor, while most I've had have steered towards heavy chili flakes.  But overall very tasty and a neat presentation with the corn husk, perfect for eating the \"lollipop.\"\n\nAs far as entrees, both were huge and easily could have filled up anybody, without the additional appetizers we chose to order.  The chicken was a basic rotisserie, but had some fresh chimichurri and purple potato salad to make it a meal.  I wouldn't necessarily order this dish myself, but it's nice for a basic, chicken lover.  The cuban came full of meat and had a harsh horseradish sauce that was perfect for the meal.  Bread was buttered and toasted perfectly to make a great dish.  Fries were good with a nice spicy seasoning, but nothing too overpowering.  The final desert course, the donuts, were phenomenal and a must order.  The donuts themselves are warm and topped with powdered sugar, but every sauce on the plate was worth a dip as well.\n\nThe downside of my meal came when I went to pay.  The waitress would not accept my \"free appetizer with purchase\" coupon that I received from the Grazie desk.  The only reason I ordered the extra appetizer was because of the coupon.  The waitress seemed well overwhelmed so called over the manager to discuss.  The manager eventually came out, angrily explaining the reason was because the Restaurant Week menu was a \"special\" and would not qualify as a purchase.  Instead of simply comping us for the misunderstanding, she all but yelled at us and would not take the appetizer off our check.  After explaining the situation for about 5 minutes, she finally caved, condescendingly saying \"sir\" about 30 times during our encounter and reiterating that Chica is owned separate from the Venetian\/Palazzo and reserves the right to not accept coupons if they feel like it.  \n\nI understand the policy, but what is the cost of an appetizer?  I wasn't trying to steal - it was a misunderstanding.  Management should always be on the customer's side, and her attitude was unacceptable, even up to the point where she reluctantly comped $10 worth of food.  She brought our experience from a great 5 to a \"we might not come back here,\" regardless of the quality of the food.\n\nThe food was great and the service was pretty solid.  Meal does take awhile, however, as our lunch was well over an hour.  My only complaint was the Manager.  But can't fault the chef for front of house rudeness.