As a huge fan of Chef Bruell's other restaurant, L'Albatros, I had high expectations for Parallax. Entering through the floor-to-ceiling glass doors and into the restaurant, I instantly noticed the ambiance and decor were typical Bruell; modern chic, clean lines and minimalist. Would the meal to follow be the same excellence? \n\nThe menu is heavily Asian influenced: sushi, sashimi, hand rolls and seafood dominate the menu; of which is presented on loose leaf paper held together by a clipboard. If I didn't cheat and peak at the menu beforehand online, I would've been overwhelmed. There's probably close to 10 pages of appetizers, salads, entrées, sushi's and drinks to shuffle through. \n\nFor an appetizer, we both opted for the soup of the day which was a bowl of Lobster Bisque. The soup was probably my favorite part of the meal. Rich in flavor, chunks of lobster meat and a garnish of watercress made this dish. \n\nFor entrée,  my accomplice got a variety of sushi consisting of spicy tuna, freshwater eel and lobster. I sampled the spicy tuna and while I'm not nearly the soosh expert as my dining partner, I'm pretty sure this was the best sushi we've had in the great state of Ohio.\n\nI decided to throw the fishy meal for a tailspin and order the Braised Beef Shank and Oxtail with Vietnamese Pho. While I appreciated the well developed flavors and tenderness of the braised beef, the stock was a tad heavy and over-reduced. By the time I got down to the end of the bowl, the broth was so rich and dark, I opted not to finish it completely. Perhaps this was Bruell's own individualistic take on Vietnamese Pho, because it was different than what I'm accustomed to at Superior Pho, but it certainly left room for improvement both in presentation and flavor. \n\nFor dessert? We shared a slice of chocolate mousse cake garnished with raspberries and blackberries. No complaints whatsoever. I don't critique desserts as much as the rest of the meal unless it was a stark disappointment. This slice of chocolate was clearly not an afterthought though. Rich in flavor, yet not too heavy on your stomach. A perfect cap to a fine meal. \n\nOverall, I was satisfied, but not blown away. The experience and meal didn't seem to linger in my thoughts as some of the better meals and dining experiences we've shared at other establishments. That to me is the ultimate test of something truly great; when you wake up the next morning, reminiscing of the previous night's meal. That didn't happen with Parallax. Maybe next time. I'm willing to go back. The menu is certainly extensive enough that I'd like to sample something else on the menu. Until then, my culinary voyage throughout Cleveland continues onward.......