My boyfriend and I had a Groupon for this place.  When we walked through the door we were greeted by a short lady that took one look at us and said in a rather disgusted voice, \"...you have Groupon?\"  A little taken back, since most businesses wouldn't greet you with that question, we sheepishly admitted to having a Groupon.  She then huffed as she grabbed a couple menus, walked over to the nearest waitress on the floor and said, \"...they have Groupon...\"  and then she sat us down at a table, dropped the menus in front of us, and as the waitress came over to talk to us the lady said it again, \"...they have Groupon...\"  as if Groupon were a disease.\n\nNow, go ahead and judge us if you want, we had Groupon, but my understanding is that most businesses are making use of the Groupon to bring in business and hopefully generate return customers once we realize how fantastic the food and service is.  Ninja, on the other hand, seemed to be insulted that it took a GROUPON (shhhhhh....) to get us to walk through the front door.  \n\nWhat I also decided was that perhaps, having been labeled as the GROUPON people, they may have given us yesterday's leftover sushi.  It was some of the worst sushi I've ever had, not to mention room temperature sushi at that, so... I really couldn't eat much of it as I had great fear of blood flukes by then.  My boyfriend, of course, ate everything because he's a man and has a stomach made of iron, but me?  I just had two Long Island Iced Teas and prayed the alcohol would kill any potential food poisoning I may have ingested.\n\nIn terms of ambiance, the place has most obviously been there for a while.  It had a nice welcoming musty odor to it, if you like that kind of thing.  And the tables and chairs may be vintage 1980 originals.  \n\nThe same lady that groused at us because we had GROUPON seemed to be friendly to what I assumed were her regulars (god bless their loyal bad sushi eating souls), so I imagine if you don't come in diseased with GROUPON you may possibly be served fresh sushi and be treated with respect, but I still think very little of this place and I will never give it a second try (Groupon or not).  I am a sushi fan (btw, there is a bad @ss sushi place off Ray and Dobson), and this place was an epic fail.