Pleased. \nPleased as pie actually - \nBorderline amazing service,,,I only say borderline b\/c I'm a bit jaded and have relatively high expectations when it comes to customer service,,,after all I'm in sales...BUT....the guys and gals at Schumacher get it. As in TOTALLY get it from the minute you walk in to the minute you walk out.\nLet me set this up for you......this household is moving,,,specifically out of state moving....seeing that my handbag was stolen out of the backseat of my mercedes while parked at the Camelback Village (sorry Village but true story) I only have ONE key in my possession to my car....No issue you say???....sure,,,until the long haul trucker who is transporting your vehicle to its new state looks at you crazy like and proclaims \"no way no how\",,,gotta have two keys. \nFast forward to today....actually have a few minutes to stop into Schumacher European to inquire about second mandatory key per Mr. Long Haul.\nI drive up in my company car...yes...company ford vehicle...get out - approach customer service stand out front \"guest relations\"  - I state my case....bottom line...need a key..... Those guys working front line guest relations?? All over it,,,guys at the Parts desk?? All over it,,,prefer a coffee while you wait ten seconds? Need any water before you walk fifty feet?? Need a key? no problem...let me walk you over here - \nOn my walk to the Parts desk - I glance into the showroom,,,of course its immaculate,,,but the waiting area for cars undergoing service? Just as great,,,from my ten minute stop I saw a coffee bar, small cafe, ample televisions and cushy seating to make your stay a bit more pleasant....then I see it....wait....wait for it......YES! A children's play area - a TRUE children's play area....Seeing that I did not have my kids in tow I did not need such a service....knowing they have one? I like em even more.....granted,,,,I am not about to drag my kids to the dealership to await service...but others? you bet they will - and with an outfit like Schumacher you needn't worry about rug rats running amuck.\nIs this review about a kids play area?? \nNo way - this is about a dealership who has every single base covered. From A-Z I know they are all about their customers and their relationships with those customers. \nKudos to you Schumacher European - and special shout out to the front line folks who should have spray misters on them in the AZ summer....another notable shout out goes to Bill RIneer - Parts Manager - way to go Bill, appreciate you solving the pesky key issue. \nI was HIGHLY considering an X5 as my next vehicle...after today most likely not....will stick with the merc. by the way - I didn't even BUY my merc from Schumacher....but would absolutely buy my next one from them!!!