Unfortunately there are not a lot of options in King City for a grocery store. When Coppa's King city location opened residents were so excited. It was clean, well stocked and had plenty of hands on deck for help, questions etc. Now, all I hear are complaints from friends and neighbors. Couple that with my own poor experiences and unfortunately it has gone down hill fast. The store is very disorganized. Organic produce are in several different locations and you spin around trying to find everything for a quick shop. There are never labels on the olive bar, or utensils to fill containers with the different salads. When there are some descriptive labels, they are usually wrong and attached to the wrong salad. More than once, including today I have encountered one price on the label of an item and had it ring up higher at register. Today it was the packaged Serrano ham. The price on the label was $4.99 however at the register it rang up at $5.49. I mentioned it to the cashier and she said that she'd have to go look. I didn't feel like waiting so I told her not to worry. After I checked out, I went back and sure enough the label says $4.99. This is the third time I've had this situation here. How much and how many times are they over charging customers on a daily basis? Try getting a salad in the cold case near the pizza and sushi area. There is never anyone working there and the sushi person refuses to acknowledge customers. When I've called on them several times, they shrug their shoulders and point to the person on the other side, never calling them for assistance. It's up to the customer to go find help. Another day I found a potato salad in the prepackaged foods case labeled Cole slaw. I mentioned it to the employee filling the case and she just laughed. She never took it out or corrected it. I went back after I finished in that area and it was still there. This is all attention to detail and I blame management. The one good thing is that most of the employees are friendly so I feel if taught or if things were pointed out, they would be corrected. It's obvious that management doesn't care and the expectations are very low here. There are so many glaring issues that if a manager took the time to walk their store they would see these issues right away. I try to only pick up a few essentials here and do my large grocery run elsewhere. I just can't trust that I'm getting fresh food or being charged correctly. It's too bad because it's a beautiful store and is so convenient.