What should have been an hour dinner took two and a half hours. We did a whole lotta waiting. \n\nNot that I didn't want to spend some quality time with my lovely companion (who works in the casino, and yes they knew this ahead of time which makes this all the more ludicrous), but the insane wait time and overall awkwardness was just too much to bear and made this experience excruciating. \n\nWe show up, and there is a 20 minute wait time. That's fine, it's a small restaurant. But as we later learned, the wait time probably could have been cut down drastically if they had decent service. Since they don't have a bar, we ran over to Society where my favorite waiter recognized us, and even though we weren't eating there sent us over some pretzels and vegan butter. A+ service there. We hoped Wazuzu would be on par since they are only 2 doors down from each other, but they were not.\n\nWe get seated, and we placed our drink order. 10 minutes pass. Jasmine tea (lovely, very fragrant) comes out and then we order our food. First problem is the vegan part of the menu - it says vegan\/vegetarian menu. Some of the names of the vegan items said vegan right in the title, but a lot did not and you had to go by the ingredients to see if it was not vegan. I wish they would have split it up differently or had some sort of marking to make ordering easier. My friend ended up ordering a vegan crunch roll, and I asked for the jade dumplings and a vegan drunken noodle dish with Gardein chicken. We expected a wait time for the food, but I was getting restless already. Food came out all at once and it was lovely.  The jade dumplings are in fact a bright shade of green, and quite delicious - I loved how it was served. The crunch roll was served just like a regular sushi roll, and even though I do not have an affinity for cucumber and avocado, it was decent; the mango sauce really made it for me, however. The drunken noodles were delicious, with just the right amount of spice. I really couldn't complain with my meal. \n\nThe one thing restaurants do that annoy me unlike no other- especially ones that have more of an upscale element - is if they aren't good at refilling water. The cups at Wazuzu are TINY so you would think they would be generously refilled at any occasion. Not so much. I had to ask for a refill, and it still took a couple minutes to come around; and when there is spicy food involved, Adina needs water NOW. We saw our waitress standing around - a lot. So much that it was very obvious. I was blown away with the lack of customer service - she did not come to ask us how we were doing once, and was very quiet. \n\nPlates are picked up as my friend goes off to the bathroom, and she asks if I need a box for my meal. That's it. Another 6 minutes or so passes, I get my box, and only then does she ask if we would like dessert. We were going to order immediately, but she disappeared AGAIN to get menus, dropped them off and ran off again. Son of a...\n\nWe order dessert which also takes a while, which is strange since it's pretty much pre-made. We got the vegan brownie sundae, which the ice cream looked like it had a giant thumbprint in it. Not appetizing. I still downed this like crazy, but I feel like the peanuts on top kind of kill the flavor. If the ice cream was peanut butter and not chocolate, I think it would be better; or even vanilla. It was still very tasty, but I would order it sans peanuts next time. \n\nFinally, the check is dropped off. And we wait. 15 minutes. She comes over and asks us if we want the check processed. THAT'S WHY WE'RE STILL SITTING HERE!! I don't know if she thought she was psychic and knew we were paying with the right amount of cash, but damn. We could have been paying with a card as well, cheese and rice! Just take it and ask if we want change or see how we're paying. Bachi Burger all over again. \n\nI left this restaurant infuriated. I LOVED the food, but would only order take-out from this restaurant. You couldn't pay me to sit through that horror show unless it was with Shia LaBeouf and I was dying to spend more time with him - THIS is the restaurant I would take him to. Food and decor would be 4-5 stars, but the service was -4854789547, which is a 2 -star average. I can do math!