Studio Movie Grill features a nicely designed, clean theater, great service, and well made cocktails, but could improve with food quality & seat comfort.\n\nI visited Studio Movie Grill for the first time recently to see Logan Lucky. Having pre-purchased my ticket online, I printed my ticket from one of the several kiosks available to use in the main lobby, but there was also a box office available for those wanting to work directly with an employee. \n\nWhen I went to my theater, I was greeted by a hostess who provided me with a menu and directed me to my theater for the evening. Once inside the theater, all seats are numbered and reserved. There are two kinds of seating options at this location. A long counter lined with large office chairs, or larger recliner style chairs (they don't recline, just slight recline of seat back) fitted with a small moveable table. While the seat I was in for the evening (recliner) wasn't uncomfortable, compared to other theaters in the area, it could be much more comfortable.\n\nTo drink, I went with a Ruby Red Deep Eddy Vodka & Sprite. Every day of the week, Studio Movie Grill runs a different promotion, and on Thursday, the night I visited, the deal of the day was $5 Deep Eddy cocktails. The drink arrived a few minutes after ordering and was very well made. Smooth and easy to drink, the drink didn't feel too strong nor too weak.\n\nTo eat, I went with an order of the pretzel bites and the chicken tenders with fries. The pretzel bites were extremely disappointing. Cold and flavorless, even the honey mustard dipping sauce couldn't save them. The chicken tenders however were quite good. Large tenders, hot fresh out of the fryer with juicy white meat. Although they weren't the best tenders I've had, I would definitely consider ordering these again.\n\nService before and throughout the film was great. A server was always available shortly after pressing the service button, and never hesitated with any requests thrown at them.\n\nI will definitely be back to Studio Movie Grill again in the future.