i cannot help but have mixed feelings for this store.  i suppose when i have a baby this feeling might change but i dont think so.  \n\nthey provide some very advanced, colourful, helpful and interesting products. it seems that the majority of their clothes are made from organic cotton and theres a line made from soybean.  they also have a wide selection of shoes for toddlers and little kids, also some made from organic material.\n\nthere are items made from bamboo like eating utensils, hemp fleece cloth diapers and safe bpa free plastic bottles and other gear.  there are organic cotton teething toys.  there are storybooks.  there are nipple creams. there are many things from which to choose.\n\nthe thing about this place is that as a one stop shop, they bank on you being lazy, being sucked in by the fear of exposing your baby to any of those crazy \"germs\" out there, and i suppose if money is not an object, then it all doesnt matter to you anyway.  i wonder though, whether the same people who would get all organic clothes and products for their babies would in turn always and from then on serve them organic food, and teach them to help preserve the earth and lead as green a life as possible.  im not saying they wouldnt im saying i wonder.  \n\nfurthermore, when you are in this one stop shop its easy enough to be sucked into buying crap you dont need - and there is some of it there - thats not about convenience, but about being around for you to purchase like the speesees friend which is an organic stuffed animal filled with lavender and lentils. okay. smelling nice smells is nice.  paying 22 dollars for it is not.  nor is it necessary.  by the same token, theres the organic teether i mentioned earlier which is 15 bucks - id sooner spend my money on something the kid is guaranteed to goober all over on a consistent basis. i would take the closest look at the cloth diapers for sure; i do believe that although i might prefer to dispose of an offending mess altogether id rather waste less money overall, and use less toxic and non recyclable stuff - those kinds of things are the things to choose in this store. i also wonder about strollers.  with all the stuff thats available, these high tech strollers which can run up to 800 dollars.  your kid surely wont care whether its 100 bucks or 800.  only you do.  for look, for supposed ease of handling - sounds so absurd to say that.  im just saying that people make do, even if they can afford it, with less.\n\ni would definitely come to a place like this when i have a child and i would buy things that are as healthy as i can but i would do so with a discerning eye.  one that imagines how it would benefit the kid - style benefits adults not toddlers, kids dont really need to wear shoes if they cant walk, so id forgo that and get some cheap pair if at all not ones with luxurious leather - theyll grow out of it in weeks anyhow.\n\nby the same token i can appreciate that for some items, once you buy them, theyre purchased for good, for all your kids that are there and those to come.  but if you are a conservationist at heart you could try and use your older siblings or friends stuff first before getting brand new.