I like the place but I'm afraid to go back in a way which is sad. I used to go to that area a lot to salsa dance at Cosmos bc I am a professional dancer and instructor but Cosmos has long since closed down. The bouncers at Bradshaws were really nice and professional and so were the bartenders. However, I don't like to go to places where people try to start trouble with me for no reason. I went here last night to meet a friend and we were at the bar. One of the bartenders had her back turned towards us as she was performing her closing duties and counting money and so I politely said \"excuse me miss, can we order some drinks from you, well whenever you're done doing that bc I see your counting money so take your time.\" The bartender said \"sure!\" She finished that part of her duties and made us drinks and I thought all was good. However, a few mins later a guy comes right behind me and asks me how I got the bartender's attention. He asked me if I said \"excuse me miss or excuse me bitch\" smh, i immediately thought he was joking bc it just sounded funny, \"excuse me..bitch? Can we order drinks from you...\" so I laughed and made a DMX reference that I got from Kat Williams which is kind of popular like \"I'm Rick James bitch\" from the Chappelle Show. Little did I realize this guy was serious and was the bartender's bf and was trying to pick a fight with me in front of his friends to show he was tough or something. I get it, he was trying to defend her honor bc he thought I said \"excuse me bitch\" but the bouncer vouched for me and told him that I'm not the kind of guy that would say anything like that and his girlfriend even told him that I was very respectful in how I spoke to her and apologized to me. Yet this guy was still giving me evil looks and not trying to let it go. I was trying to appeal to his common sense like who says \"excuse me bitch\" to a bartender and expects to get service after that not to mention \"excuse me bitch, can we order some drinks from you, well whenever you're done doing that bc I see you're counting money right now so take your time.\" Smh lol..But this guy was really trying to be tough and didn't want to apologize for misunderstanding or anything. All I could think of was what happened in Greece recently, where I grew up where an African American from the USA was beaten to death for talking to a white bartender there and my guard was up and I was wondering if he and his friends were trying to do the same thing so I was thinking about trying to get to the trunk of my car in order to protect myself if need be. But yeah, I like the place but I'm guessing since he is her bf, he will be there a lot and I don't want to be places where there are people of that nature trying to start something with me for being polite and respectful and I end up getting hurt or hurting someone else bc I'm too old for that kind of drama. I've been telling my coworkers and students and friends about this incident and they are saying they don't want to ever go there now which is very unfortunate. But the bouncer that was there trying to diffuse the situation is the real MVP and I appreciate and commend him greatly.