First impression is that the restaurant is very cute. Definitely modern style but an obvious Asian inspiration with bamboo, wood, and dark tiles. The focal point when you enter is of course the window looking into the kitchen where you can see people hand drawing noodles and making dumplings. It's awesome to watch and there are two tables right in front you can have dinner and a show. All thought loud, it's pretty amazing their precision and strength. \n\nPORK SOUP DUMPLINGS --\nAs the only place in Pittsburgh to get some xiao long bao, they're pretty decently price and good for the price. $9 a basket (8 to an order) is a pretty good price for having a monopoly on the market. They're filled with just enough soup and the broth is well flavored. I thought they were a bit skimp on the pork filling to be honest and the dumpling size is a smidge smaller than I would have preferred. When they come out they're nice and hot though and they provide boy the soy\/vinegar sauce and ginger garnish for the dumplings. Best when hot, so don't leave them off for too long. All in all - I have had better, but I have definitely had worse. Would get again in Pittsburgh. \n\nMARINATED BEEF SHANK -- \nPretty good. Not sure what kind of sauce is drizzled over the lettuce garnish but it's a nice little something. The beef reminds me of the meat you get with pho and really sparks the craving for some. The meat was tender and they give you a pretty good helping for an $8 appetizer. Topped with green onions - it's a pretty good starter. \n\nTOFU SKIN -- \nGenerally not a fan of tofu skins and that didn't differ this time. There was a lot left to the imagination and a lack luster experience. I would not get this again. It's similar to eating jelly fish, no flavor. It could be better\/improved with a spicy sauce of sorts in my opinion. \n\nBRAISE BEEF NOODLE SOUP --\nI didn't get it this time, but the first time I went to Everyday Noodle this is what I ordered. It was a very healthy portion for $11. The handmade noodles are really good. Being their main focus I would expect nothing less. They give a very good amount of meat per serving so I think the $11 price is justified. I thought the broccoli was a bit odd...there are much better choices for veggies in soups like baby bok choy or something. But good no less. I would recommend this dish. I've had the dan dan noodles and some others, but I would argue to say braised beef is my favorite. \n\nI am pretty loyal to Rose Tea for my boba, but will admit Everyday Noodle has some delicious black milk tea. Their tapioca isn't as good, kind of hard, but that could be that they're older. I will admit that I like their variety in toppings like red bean, green bean, puddings, and jellies. I can't speak for their other flavors, but if you want boba then I suggest the black milk tea.