This place is hilarious. Every time I walk in here I feel like I must be on candid camera. Either that or I've somehow slipped into an alternate universe where the three stooges are real.\n\nThe last time I ate here it was because it was the only place open nearby that doesn't have completely terrible food. We were driving from the west side anyway so we placed an order, figuring that it would be ready when we got there. Their phone system is kinda screwed up and we had to call three times to get someone to pick up. When we finally managed to talk to a human, the person on the phone told us our order would be ready in 10 minutes, which seems impossible for a pizza, but we were 15 minutes away anyway, so it didn't seem like a big deal. When we got there 15 minutes later, the pizza wasn't ready. After another 15 minutes, the pizza wasn't ready. After another 15 minutes the pizza wasn't ready. Someone who looked like a manager ran out and apologetically told us that they were out of what we ordered (the taco pizza) and offered to make us a pizza for free. Half an hour later, they finished that pizza and we were able to eat.\n\nTopper's estimated time: 10 minutes. Actual time: 90 minutes. But wait, there's more!\n\nHow could it possible to 1.5 hours to get a pizza? We're not 100% sure, but from what we overheard, it sounds like they were out of the lettuce they needed to make a taco pizza. Instead of skipping the lettuce or asking if we wanted another pizza, they had the next overloaded delivery driver that went out try to find a grocery store and buy lettuce. Keep in mind that we chose toppers because it was so late that everything was closed. So, that kid goes out, does his deliveries, checks some groceries stores, and finds that none of the gas station 7-11 knockoffs have lettuce, and then reports back. When that happens, he drives back to the store and tells them that there's no lettuce available. And then they ask us if we want another pizza. THEY WENT TO BUY GROCERIES BECAUSE THEY DIDN'T HAVE THE INGREDIENTS ON HAND TO MAKE ONE OF THEIR PIZZAS. AND THEN THEY FAILED AT BUYING GROCERIES. DOUBLE-YOU TEE EFF.\n\n1 star for the actual pizza and service. 5 stars for the entertainment value. One word warning on the entertainment value: if you order a pizza, you might end up waiting a few years as they breed the cow they used to get the milk for the cheese they use.