EDIT:\n\nI heard that some improvements had been made, so I went back and gave it another try.  This time, it was fabulous.  The cakes were moist, tender, and really tasty.  Prices still high, but this time it seemed worth it.  They have lowered the prices for a dozen cupcakes and dropped the box charge.  They also took cereal off the menu.\n\nMinus 1 star because of the prices and because the gelato that comes with the $6 pairing wasn't that great.  The serving was also really small.  I'll skip the gelato and stick with a cupcake and a nice glass of milk when I go back.  I'd also prefer a sweeter, less greasy frosting, but that's a personal taste thing and It's probably not fair to fault them for my personal preference.\n\nOverall, I was very impressed with the changes.  It made for a really nice evening to sit at the outdoor bar and enjoy a great cupcake on a warm spring evening, and I look forward to doing so again soon.\n\n*******\nI REALLY wanted to love this place.  I went in a few days after they opened and was disappointed to see that they are very overpriced.  But I didn't let that get me down.  I figured the prices must be reflective of the quality, and I got ready to sample what I expected would be some phenomenal cupcakes.  \n\nTo my dismay, these expensive cupcakes are really not that good.  The few I brought home for everyone to sample were extremely dry and bland.  The texture reminded me of the free hunk of cake you get for your birthday at cheesy chain restaurants.\n\nI'd had very high hopes for the salted caramel, but there was no hint of salt and the caramel element tasted like sugar that had been burnt, not caramelized.  The Red Velvet had a hint of cream cheese flavor in the frosting, but wasn't very sweet and had no chocolate flavor.  The high point was the strawberry balsamic, which was a nice combination of flavors but, like the others, very poorly executed.  It was really just a plain, dry, flavorless cupcake with some pretty decent strawberry frosting (which I actually liked very much) and a drizzle of thick vinegar.  Overall though, I'm sorry to report that  I've had better cupcakes from a box.\n\nSpeaking of boxes, if you want one to carry your cupcakes home in, It'll cost you $1.  With as much as they're charging for the cupcakes, you'd think they'd give you something to carry them home in.  Nope.  That's extra.  Insult to injury, if you will.\n\nI'm inclined to give them the benefit of the doubt and try it again in a few months to give them a chance to get into the swing of things and, with any luck, turn out a better cupcake.  My hope is that the strawberry balsamic frosting is an indicator of a potential that they will reach once they get past the first few weeks.  Unfortunately, I don't know that they'll be around in a few months and I'm also not sure that I'd be willing to pay their insane prices even if the cupcakes were to improve substantially.