I came to Kobe Sizzlers for a holiday get-together with some friends. Hearing about it's worldwide presence and popularity, I was excited to give it a shot. \n\nThe restaurant was pretty much empty at 6pm on a Wednesday evening, so I was promptly seated. After waiting for a while for the rest of my party, we made our order shortly after 6:30pm - restaurant still empty. \n\nThe menu has your standard Indian apps, some salad options, and burger options, but the vast majority of the menu focuses on sizzling plates of veg\/non-veg combinations. The sizzlers are quite pricy (almost all are $20+), but according to our waiter, are intended for sharing. Between our table of 5, we ordered 2 sizzlers and 2 appetizers. With the sizzlers, you had the choice of sauce (garlic, pepper, szechwan, mushroom) and between mashed potatoes\/french fries.\n\nThe sizzling poutine fries ($7) were decent - not using cheese curds is a -1 in my books but it was tasty nonetheless. We had two orders of these fries though, and I couldn't help but notice that one plate sizzled a lot more than the other. No biggie.\n\nThe first of our sizzlers to arrive was the Kobe Special Beef Steak ($28) with szechwan sauce and mashed potatoes. We requested that the steak be cooked to medium. What we actually got? Beyond well done. Chewy. A little gross to be honest. It was definitely not a good cut of meat. Luckily, the flavour from the szechwan sauce was decent. The mashed potatoes were decent and the assortment of vegetables tasted really good after cooking on the cast iron plate. \n\nThe second sizzler we ordered was the Toridango Chicken ($23) with garlic sauce and french fries. This one tasted much better than the steak. I was very happy with the flavour in the chicken and would highly recommend it. Like the steak sizzler, this one also came with sauteed vegetables. \n\nThe two sizzlers came with quite a bit of food, but i definitely feel like they are intended to be individual servings, despite what I was told by the staff.\n\nThe food I'd definitely give a 3, maybe even 3.5\/5, despite the incorrectly cooked steak. What was really bad about this place was the service. There were a few forgivable errors throughout the night that I didn't mind - water refills for only some glasses, extended wait periods for requests. \n\n[reason for 1 star rating] The part that really annoyed me though was the inattentiveness when we were trying to pay for the bill. The restaurant was starting to fill up at around 8pm when we asked for the bill. Our initial request didn't do much at all - 5 minutes and it didn't look like anyone was even starting to put our bill together. So we asked again - and waited. 5 minutes later our waiter came back with a notepad asking how we wanted to split our bill... so we told him exactly how we wanted it done. 5 minutes later and still nothing.. Then a different person came back to us with the same notepad, asking us to confirm the way we wanted the bill split (is this really necessary?). He walked away, and we waited another 5 minutes... then our waiter comes back and apologizes, saying it would take another 2 minutes. That's fine, but in that time, he was clearly not trying to resolve the issue and continued to help other customers. At this point, we were just fed up. We called him back and said that we've been waiting nearly 30 minutes just to pay our bills... his response? \"Well I waited 30 minutes for you guys to order...\" .... ummm what? \n\nWe ultimately talked to the manager who told us that the reason for the long wait time was that they were having technical issues with splitting the bills. I can understand that, but 30 minutes is just unacceptable for a group just trying to pay a bill and leave. The issue was not communicated nor handled in a professional manner. As we were leaving, the manager even had the nerve to say \"if you review us, please don't mention the wait time\". Psshhhhhh, yeah right. [\/reason for 1 star rating]\n\nI'm overall disappointed with Kobe Sizzlers cause I actually liked most of the food, but the service was just too much of an issue. Normally I'd be more forgiving to new restaurants with bad service (they've only been open for about a month), but the method in which they handled their issues just left a sour taste in my mouth. I won't go back.