Didn't hate it, could have been better, disappointed that it wasn't.\n\nWalking into this restaurant, though, is like a 5-star experience. It's lush and glitzy and you feel like you're in a much more expensive restaurant than you are. The chandeliers are like dripping diamonds, fantastically beautiful.\n\nSo, now that I've gotten past the best part. Onto the drinks and food. \n\nMy boyfriend and I stopped in here because we live in Green Valley and had never been here. I was excited it was so close. Sadly, my excitement was short lived. \n\nThe service, to start, was incredible. They had two waiters serving us and a woman who brought our drinks. Mind you, it was on a Sunday afternoon and it was almost dead. I am not sure the service would have been as good had it been busier.  \n\nSo, I order the Koi martini. It tasted just like a mango, with sugar around the rim and a really full body to it, it was heavenly! I also tried another one, it was blue (I've forgotten the name, I apologize) and it was just so-so. I ended up having another Koi, I loved it so much!\n\nWe then ordered oysters on the half shell. They were nice and briny and cold. I couldn't have asked for better, even as small as they were. They were delicious!\n\nFor our entree we ordered the Tomahawk Chop, medium rare. It came out cooked perfectly. They split it and even boxed the bone for our dogs. Nice! Unfortunately, the steak was cold. I mean, bone-chilling cold. I sent mine back and it came back out with half the steak I sent back to the kitchen. It just disappeared! In its place were cold, tiny tomatoes. Oh, thank you! I had a side of foie gras as well and it was so sweet as to be inedible. What? Don't spend your money on it, it lacked richness and depth. It tasted like a dessert (and I NEVER pass on foie gras!). \n\nWe also ordered as a side, sautéed spinach. It was also a little on the cold side and tasted a little underdone. I know, spinach, right? It was just so-so. I wouldn't suggest ordering it, oh, ever. Yuck.\n\nWe passed on dessert as we didn't want to set ourselves up for further disappointment. \n\nAll in all I'd say that I'll try it again just to see if it was a bad day. I hope it was because the place has a lot going for it.