So a little back story about this place.  The owners, aunty Maile and uncle Bruce once owned a place called Big Island Grill in Kailua-Kona, HI...my hometown.  I know this family because my dad used to belong to a motorcycle club with uncle Bruce.  They moved up to Vegas for personal reasons and opened Island Flavor.  Trust me though, my connection to them has NOTHING to do with my 5 stars.  Their food is what I'm used to, what I love and what I crave for when I want Hawaiian-local food.  \n\nBecause I live on the Southeast side of town, I seldom visit this restaurant.  Tonight was the first time I've been there in almost 6 months.  Here's what I had and also what I've had before:\n\nOxtail Soup- As we say in Hawaii, \"BROKE DA MOUTH!\"  So delicious.  Tender oxtail, accompanied with ginger, carrots, celery and onions.  They don't put pine nuts in it like the California Hotel does, but nevertheless, very good!  They put white rice on the side which I end up throwing into the soup for a well rounded meal in my books!\n\nChicken Katsu- Like everything else in this place, the portion sizes are out of this world!!  You pay about $10 for this dish, but you get $10 worth of food.  I've had a lot of chicken katsus in my life as this is one of my top five dishes of all time.  Let me say that this one of the top three BEST chicken katsu dishes I've had.  The panko breading is super crispy and best of all, they use dark meat!  Yum-o and AH-MAZE-ING!\n\nSpecials I've had in the past:  Misoyaki Opakapaka- OH EM GEE!  If you ever have been fortunate in your life to try this snapper and misoyaki (miso-teriyaki type) sauce, you would agree that the combination is heavenly!  I was never disappointed by this dish.  Always delivered \"on point!\" The best part: Two HUGE fillet portions in one order!  It's like a plate of never-ending heavenly amazingness!\n\nMud Pie- Don't take this the wrong way, but I'd say you will have a food orgasm with this ending (or beginning, depending on when you eat it!).  Start off with a great foundational Oreo cookie crust, then a gigantic wedge of Kona coffee ice cream and topped off with more crushed Oreos.  This dessert is accompanied with a raspberry and lemon drizzle which appeals to all 5 senses! LOL  Cheesy, but sooo true.  I literally have dreams about this dessert!\n\nLet me finish off by saying that for the lack of frequecies in my visits, I am always pleasantly greeted by Aunty Maile when I arrive as well as uncle Bruce, who's stationed in the kitchen window.  Their waitstaff include Leilani, a friend from back home and Jasmine, a dear friend of mine.  With all this love, how could you not feel like you were part of the family?!