I received a giftcard for BLD and immediately looked up the menu. True to their name, they do breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The menu has a wide variety of items that all sound really good. However, I've only been here twice and both times for breakfast. For my first visit, I used the drive-thru. The drive-thru allows you to order drinks or call ahead and pick-up your meal. I was unaware of the call ahead portion, so I just ordered their signature iced coffee and was on my way. \n\nOn my second visit, I brought my husband and his sister for breakfast. The place was extremely busy inside, so instead of waiting 15+ minutes as the hostess advised, we asked if we could sit outside. We were seated immediately and our waitress was quick to come over for drink orders. I ordered a hot vanilla latte and my sister-in-law asked for an iced caramel macchiato. The waitress was quick to quip that BLD's macchiatos were nothing like Starbucks. My sister-in-law assured the waitress that was fine. Shortly after, the waitress came back with an iced drink and an apology that she doesn't know how to make a macchiato and was waiting for the barista. Confused, we all thought the drink she brought might be the macchiato but it turned out to be my drink. Somehow my hot latte became an iced latte. Seeing the waitress was already frazzled, I didn't say anything. It still tasted good. Finally, 10 minutes later, my sister-in-law's drink arrived. It was basically a latte with tons of caramel sauce. My sister-in-law said it tasted bitter since the caramel wasn't mixed in well but she liked it nonetheless. For breakfast, I ordered the chicken and waffles, my husband ordered short rib eggs benedict, and his sister ordered the chicken fried steak with no cheese on the potatoes. My fried chicken was a little dry but the waffle was delicious drench in syrup. (We had to grab syrup from another table - the waitress never brought any nor did she offer it.) My husband enjoyed his short rib eggs benedict - no real complaints. My sister-in-law liked her chicken fried steak, but the potatoes came with cheese despite her asking for no cheese. Near the end of the meal, the waitress finally checked in on us and our food. We asked for to-go boxes and the check. Another 10 minutes roll by as our waitress stops by her other table and finally gets back to us. We paid using my gift card and cash. \n\nOn the drive home, my sister-in-law commented that she would never go back and I agreed. The food was decent, but the waitress was really inattentive and messed up several items we ordered. To be honest, the waitress acted like we weren't worth the time and left us feeling neglected. Maybe it was an off day, but after seeing how the waitress treated her other table much better, it definitely felt deliberate. Additionally, the restaurant is more than 30 minutes away from where we live and definitely not worth the drive.