Going to Sunridge Medical was the best decision I've ever made, they truly saved my life. I was bedridden for 2 years, incorrectly diagnosed with a myriad of things from traditional doctors. My former physicians had me on mountains of antibiotics which made my symptoms of unexplained neurological problems, excruciating pain, debilitating fatigue, and all-encompassing nausea even worse. The scariest symptom was my loss of brain function. I had memory issues, and trouble speaking or understanding words people were telling me.  \n\nAfter months of researching facilities across the country I chose Sunridge because of how intelligent and caring the Patient Care Rep was. It was there that I received the diagnosis of Chronic Lyme Disease. A diagnosis that over 20+ doctors and specialists had missed over the past 2 years. \n\nDr. Franco is incredibly well versed in chronic disease and was able to clearly explain what was going wrong with my body and how he would help me. He sat with me and my boyfriend for over an hour and a half, taking time from his busy day to make me feel at home in the facility. I've never had a physician do this, to take more than 15 minutes to ask poignant questions, show his level of expertise, and make me feel comfortable and cared for. This level of kindness didn't stop after the first meeting. He continued to check in with me throughout the year of treatments, answering questions, editing my protocol, and gauging my improvements.\n\nThe clinic is stunning and clean as a whistle. The staff are so kind and become like family. Sunridge uses the most current alternative treatments and natural healing protocols which put me at ease after dealing with so many uninformed traditional doctors. \n\nAs each month passed I saw myself improving. My symptoms were being eliminated left and right. My brain function had returned and I was quicker and had a better memory than ever before. The pain that made it impossible to function was gone. It was the blessing I had been praying for. \n\nAnd I'm not the only one who received a miracle after attending Sunridge. Each time I visited the facility for treatments I met another person who was improving day by day. I saw cancer patients that reached remission with the help of Dr. Franco. I've seen people with chronic illness's that were in wheelchairs, being able to walk after a month of IV's. \n\nSunridge Medical brought me the health that I had only dreamed of. Before attending the clinic I had all but given up hope. I am so incredibly thankful for the gift of wellness I received thanks to them.