My friend and I went to Cleo on our last night in Vegas; halfway through the meal, my friend said, \"I wish that we'd come here earlier in our trip so that we could have come back!!\"\n\nPros:\n- friendly and accommodating service: We were seated promptly and welcomed warmly by multiple hosts\/servers--they even helped me to find a place to charge my phone. I can't eat lots of things, and our server was extremely knowledgeable and helpful in offering suggestions; she provided me with a gluten-free menu and was careful to double-check with the kitchen when she wasn't sure. She reasonably recommended that we order about four or five plates for the two of us (one reviewer commented that their server tried to up-sell them, and that was not at all our experience).\n- \"fast food\": Even with my somewhat limited options, everything sounded so amazing that we had a difficult time deciding, so we placed an appetizer order while we tried to make up our minds. This strategy proved fruitless, as the food came out so quickly that we didn't have time to come to any decisions! Once we did place the rest of our order, the other dishes were prepared and delivered quickly as well.\n- delicious food: See my friend's comment above :) We ordered babaganoush, Brussels sprout hearts, tuna tartare, and lamb shawarma; I also got veggie sticks to eat the babaganoush, which comes with laffa. I'm salivating just remembering them all.\n--- The babaganoush was uniquely spiced and fantastic (and that's coming from someone who is very particular about babaganoush). The veggie arrangement also was stellar--great variety and bountiful!! My friend could not stop raving about (and eating) the laffa, which came out warm.\n--- The Brussels sprouts were SO GOOD. Order them!!! My friend thought that they were her favorite--until the tuna came out.\n--- The flavor combination in the tuna tartare was on point, and all of the ingredients tasted so fresh. It is presented with the tuna in the middle with the other ingredients positioned separately around the plate, and then the server offers to mix it for you. It was served with gluten-filled crackers that my friend reported also were delicious (I ate it with lettuce from the veggie platter or just with my fork!).\n--- The shawarma also was excellent (again, coming from someone who is particular about shawarma); the meat was cooked and spiced to perfection, and it was served with more bread, pepperoncini, tzatziki, and something else that I'm forgetting (sorry...my mental image is that it was red, in which case it probably was harissa or something else spicy and delicious), but the meat was so perfect all by itself that it really didn't need any accompaniments! My friend housed the tzatziki, though, so I assume that it, like everything else, was top notch! (I can't personally vouch for it because I can't eat dairy either.)\n- fair prices and portions: This is not your nightmare tapas experience of \"empty tummy, empty wallet\"; rather, the portions were wholly adequate as recommended by our server (2-3 dishes per person--we are small people but big eaters!!), and we were more than happy to pay for high quality food, service, and overall experience. In particular, the lamb shawarma seemed like a great value for the amount and quality of the meat.\n\nCons:\n- The only thing that left me scratching my head was that the chopped salad appeared on the gluten-free menu, even though it contains freekeh (wheat). I didn't ask about it (there were too many other\/more creative options to get Israeli salad, which I can get anywhere), and they otherwise seemed to be extremely aware of allergen issues, so there must be a good explanation.\n\nMy friend and I both highly recommend!! This is the best (and arguably the only good) option in SLS, and it's worth the trip from anywhere on the strip!