This is easily the fanciest Chinese vegetarian restaurant in the GTA. A massive crystal chandelier is probably the biggest standout, and keeping with the Buddhist theme, is arrayed to look like a lotus leaf. Fancy (comfy) chairs, nice tablecloths, upper-scale table settings, gold-coloured napkins, and wait staff are all in uniform -- that's the type of stuff you'll find here.\n\nFood-wise, I've been here for both lunch (dim sum) and dinner. Unfortunately, the menu items are so ambiguous (what they name their dishes) that I can't remember what it is that we have each time. In fact, most times I go back, I have to ask the wait staff what they recommend (they're usually pretty good with that - service is excellent). If not, try one of the dinner combos as an introductory experience -- can't really go wrong with that. While pricier than the other Chinese vegetarian restaurants in the city, the prices aren't ridiculous, especially when compared to the level of service and the quality received.\n\nIf you're looking for soy-based, processed, veggie meat alternatives, don't come here. I don't think I see any of that here. In fact, there are even less tofu items than you'd normally expect from a vegetarian restaurant. A lot of very unique ingredients are used, and they are very high quality and fresh. For example, the typical \"sweet and sour pork\" mock-up uses breaded mushrooms instead of the typical soy meat. I especially like their soups.  Overall, flavours are delicate and lighter, and generally, greasy sauces and fried items are avoided. A+ for health and really highlighting the ingredients used.\n\nBut there's something lacking as far as sheer satisfaction goes. The dim sum is all very unique, delicately constructed, well presented, and high quality, but I still prefer Graceful Vegetarian (near Pacific Mall) when it comes to flavour and satisfaction. Dinner is where this place shines, but make sure you come with a decent group (around 4 or more people) in order to really experience it, because like traditional communal-style Chinese dining, the servings are pretty huge.