This Dunn Edwards' customer service is beyond terrible, they don't follow through with getting back to you on the phone, and care nothing for their end consumers. \n\nI was referred by the Registrar of Contractors to contact Dunn Edwards to request one of their representatives to come test our exterior paint job. (We had hired a contractor to use Dunn Edwards paint on the exterior of our house, but he was using INTERIOR paint, which lacks UV protection, blended with exterior on our house. Using paint without UV protection in AZ causes the paint to fade fast, resulting in a house that needs to be repainted sooner than it should.) Although we were told by this Dunn Edwards location that they do have sales reps who can perform this service, the Dunn Edwards management team chose not to do so.\n\nIt's not just that they chose to protect an unethical contractor (who was also corrupting their product and name to save a few bucks) over the end consumer who actually requested Dunn Edwards paint be used, it was how the management team at this location treated their end consumer.  \n\nFor instance, rather than state they didn't want to send a representative out that might potentially damage their financial relationship with this unethical contractor, they told me instead they would get something scheduled and contact me, when they had no real intension of doing so.\n\nAfter waiting weeks for their rep to call and set up that appointment, I called them back. Then, the management at this location told me another story: they were informed by their corporate office that there was a lawsuit filed and attorneys were involved, so they couldn't get involved. That was not only untrue, but complete nonsense. So, when I asked for the name of this \"corporate person\" he spoke with, management at this location said he would check and get back to me with his name and number, which of course he did not.\n\nAlthough disappointing, it's not surprising Dunn Edwards management lacks integrity and cares little to nothing about their end consumer. After all, this contractor probably buys thousands of dollars of product from them each year. So, if they don't care about \"we, the little people\" (who actually drive the contractor's order), then they should have the guts to just admit it. Just tell their customers they're not interested in servicing them, not add \"insult to injury\" with their pettiness.