I went to Stoke's Grill while visiting the Target on Mcknight Road for a quick dinner. I imagined it to be a full sit-down restaurant for some reason so I was a little surprised when it turned out to be more of a smaller casual type of place. You order your food at the counter and they bring it out to you.\n\nI got the Italian Beef sandwich which was Italian seasoned beef with hot peppers and provolone on a hoagie roll. To go with it I ordered some onion rings as well. My girlfriend got the tomato pepper jack soup, a meatball sandwich and a side of their homemade potato chips.\nThe Italian beef wasn't like what you'd get in Chicago and would probably be pure blasphemy over there but I liked it. It was a simple sandwich but the ingredients went well together. My only gripe was I wished the beef was cut thinner and had some juice with it. It wasn't dry but when I think of Italian beef I think of heavily seasoned, thin meat that is swimming in its own au jus.\n\nThe onion rings were really good. The batter they used was the cripsy kind rather than that soggy grainy kind you sometimes see. They epitomized the texture and flavor of a good onion ring. They were browned with a good crunch to them and the onion in the middle was cooked thoroughly and didn't slide out like a worm (this almost makes me gag when it happens with badly prepared rings, it's such a terrible mental image).\n\nJaney thought the meatball sandwich was just average. She likes her meatballs seasoned and she said they didn't have a lot of flavor, just ground beef. She liked it but she wasn't blown away by it. The chips were really good, though. Whoever fries in the kitchen knows what they're doing.\n\nThe soup was creamy and spicy and really good. It was more peppery than tomato which is why I liked it. I'm not a tomato person so tomato soup has never been one of my favorites. Janey really enjoyed the soup and even though she's not much of a sandwich eater thought we should come back again and try more of the menu.\n\nThe interior of Stoke's is very nice and is clean. The guy at the counter was really nice and friendly as well.