Hungry and winning in Las Vegas, I knew I had to find food. After seeing a fellow yelper's review about this place (Hi Jacqueline R), I knew I had to try it out but I didn't expect to be in love!!! Located inside Planet Hollywood, we walked in to find a long line standing next to the restaurants name in flames of fire! Exciting!!! We waited a few minutes before being seated. The place has a nice feel to it without being too overwhelming. It's very modern and spacious. It gets even more modern once you get to place your order, which is placed thanks to an Ipad.. yes you read that right, on an Ipad!! So cool. \n\nOur waiter came over and gave us a brief rundown on highlighted menu items. While scrolling through the menu we decided we would share our meal.\n\nWe ordered:\n*Truffle Parmesan Fries $11- HIGHLY recommended! Crisp, tasty, not oily at all. The truffle salt and parmesan, the amazing taste of these fries truly blew me away.  Outstanding! Some of the best fries ever! And for sure hard to share since I totally wanted to eat the whole thing myself. I love that the cheese was evenly spread out through out the whole cone of fries, which allowed us to get our fair share of cheese with each bite. The dipping sauce\/truffle aioli was also pretty tasty.   (10\/10)\n\n*Euro Burger $16- Juicy meat, warm soft delicious bread bun, truffle aioli running down my fingers making me lick the goodness off, some goat cheese, roasted tomatoes and arugula for some greens. Goodness gracious! The quality of this burger is so worth the dollars I spent to get to this burger bliss. The burger was a decent size, I would have been wayyyy full if I ate it all myself but we were pretty satisfied with the portion and decided to leave some room in for more alcohol.  (10\/10)\n\n*Green tea gin- STRONG flavor of gin in this drink indeed! Had a good buzz going on thanks to this baby. The green tea flavor wasn't as strong as I thought it would be.   (9\/10)\n\nWe were gonna try a shake or the interesting push pops that we saw some people sharing from across our table but they said it wasn't anything too special or highly recommended so we decided to skip out on dessert. \n\nThere is a professional photographer that comes around and takes pictures of you during your meal which made me feel like a celebrity haha. We decided to not purchase the picture. I thought it was interesting that they offered this service but the photographer himself was very nice and easy going. The customer service of Burgr is truly up to standards. They know how to treat their customers well. They for sure make them feel special and walk out with a happy belly and pretty smile. Would love to come back and get me another burger (maybe the hell's kitchen burger with the jalapeno for the spice and some avocado slices or brittania burger that sounded interesting with mango chutney and sharp cheddar cheese) and my own side of fries to make any Vegas vacation trip an incredible one in my book. Everything I tried here was well worth the price!