From the moment I entered the small bright white room I felt like a celebrity. I was welcomed by sparkling champagne, greeted by two elegant yet friendly hosts, and entered a mysterious elevator that brought my boyfriend and I to the dining room. As we enter another spotless white room, a woman takes our coats and offers us a spot in the \"lounge\" or bar, while our reserved table is prepared. After gazing at some of the most expensive champagne bottles in the world, it's crystal clear this restaurant caters to the rich and famous.\n\nThe outstanding service was memorable, and by far the best I've ever experienced. The manager and waiter constantly checked on our table going above and beyond to make sure all our expectations were met. Every time someone in the restaurant stood up, someone would simultaneously come around and fold their napkin carefully on their chair. Clearly, the service was impressive, but the restaurant lacked warmth and seemed to be missing something.\n\nNow let's fast forward to the shows - if you can even call them that. The first show involved a blue light transforming the restaurants color as a kinetic sculpture on the ceiling slowly shifted positions. This goes on for maybe five minutes, but really, there was nothing interesting about it. Another show involved a chef coming out and ringing a very loud bell to grab the attention of all customers. This is the noodle show, as you can watch the chef create a popular noodle dish from scratch while you're at your table. I happened to order the noodle dish, and let's just say it was disappointing. The noodles lacked flavor and were such a tasteless bore! I'd rather skip the show and order a chow mein (but no, there's no chow mein on the menu). Other \"shows\" include the champagne trolley and dessert trolley. I'm not sure why they call this a show, as it's just a cart that comes around trying to get you to empty your wallet on more overpriced items.\n\nNow I understand people are paying for the superior experience, and therefore, I really can't base my rating off of prices. If you can't afford it, then you shouldn't go in the first place. Just be warned that portions are small, and the food is bland. With so many fantastic restaurants to choose from in Vegas, I'd recommend looking elsewhere.