I needed 4 new tires and was reeled in by Big O Tires' competitive pricing and 12 month, 0% financing promotion.  This location is not too far from my job, so I decided to go with them.  I called the store early last Monday morning. I was riding on a spare, so I wanted the new tires ASAP.  I was looking for Yokohama All Terrain tires. They didn't have them in stock, but he checked their warehouse and informed me that he could have the tires there by around 2pm. \n\nThey don't make appointments; it's first come, first served, which from a business perspective (no shows, etc.), makes a lot of sense.  From a customer's POV, it can be unnerving. \n\nI rushed over, arrived @ 2:30pm or so, and was told that they had a few people ahead of me. I decided to wait, of course. Their waiting room is small and the seating is scattered, with some seats (I think a sofa was over there) against a back wall, another seat hidden behind a monster truck tire display, and 2 more seats by the main entry.  All of those seats were full, so I stood for a good 30-45 minutes.  There were several more seats outside, but...June. In Phoenix. Not happening.  Finally, another customer brought me a chair that was apparently hiding somewhere near him. That was nice. Also, an employee brought me a bottle of cold water. That was much appreciated as well. \n\nI ended up waiting until almost their 6pm closing time. I was told that I needed front brakes and rotors. I already knew that I needed brakes (front and rear), but I also knew that my rotors were ok and only needed to be resurfaced. He said he was going to talk with the guy who was working on my car. Of course, he came back and said yes, they could resurface them. mmhmmm \n\nWhen my vehicle was ready, I was given a detailed receipt, which included a $200+ quote for the front brake pads and resurfacing (as a courtesy refererence; I wasn't billed for this).  I purchased their tire warranty, so I was given some paperwork for that as well.  \n\nWhen I returned to my vehicle,  they had left the dirty paper mat on the floor. Not a big deal, but other places usually throw it away. I tossed it; no worries. Being OCD me, I wiped down the steering wheel and other inside parts that have to be touched (door handle, gear shift, etc.) and they were FILTHY. I understand the why, and I'm not sure there is anything that can be done to circumvent this, so I just dutifully sanitized and kept it moving. Only mentioning it as an FYI to others.\n\nOverall, I am satisfied with the service and the work so far (it's been exactly 1 week). It would've been a 4-star review if they hadn't tried to get over on me with the rotors. I ended up getting my front and rear brakes for not much more than what they wanted for just the front brakes. I must say, however, that they are still cheaper than the dealership. Just do your research and price comparisons ahead of time.