Loyal Customer Lost\n\nFirst the back story: \nI have been a loyal customer at this location in Gilbert for years, I have taken my past 3 vehicle here for regular oil changes, tries, and more. However, I feel as though I should have noticed the red flags way earlier.\nI recall after a simple tire rotation, everything seemed fine until I noticed all my wheel lug locks were missing. I brought it up but no one would own up to it so they gave me a \"free regular oil change\" which is just a $14.00 value. New wheel lug locks cost more than double that amount. I even had an air filter go missing after an oil change. This was a result of their free inspection that they preform every time you bring a car in. I had to buy a new air filter (Another out of pocket expense since they didn't own up to that either).\n\nThen came the most recent series of unfortunate events:\nI took my car in for a regular oil change. Nothing too difficult (I would do it myself but, I cant find the time). This simple oil change turned into a stained driveway from a new oil leak, a dead battery and a broken hood latch and even having my car towed twice!\n\nTo Big-O-Tires' defense, they covered my first tow back to their garage (2 miles between home and them), and even replaced the $0.99cent oil plug gasket. But this small act of \"courtesy\" as the clerk called it, is really just a way to get me off their back and avoid fixing the real issue.\n\nTo add more detail, anytime you bring a car into Big O, they open your hood and do a free battery test, check fluids etc. While they informed me that my battery tested good and it is still relatively new, my car ended up dead the next morning. \n\nWhich leads me to how I found out my car was dead. After getting my oil changed, I noticed a large oil puddle under my car that same night. Unfortunately Big-O was closed so I had to take the next morning off from work so I can take it back in and have them fix their mistake. I called prior and they said to bring it in so, I got in my car and found out it wouldn't start. This was strange considering my battery passed inspection just the day before. So, I decided to open my hood and check out if everything is connected or not.\n\nWell then, nothing, my hood would not open. I pulled the hood latch and nothing happened, no sign of any mechanisms even moving. Perhaps someone slammed my hood too hard and broke the latch? I'll never know. But it is just another issue to add to the list that Bog-O has caused all in less than 24hrs.\n\nAfter getting a $550.11+ quote for the repairs, and NO REFUND on my oil change (which again they couldn't even preform properly) I am now paying for yet another towing to a new mechanic, who charges less and is more trusted (still all expenses out of my own pocket now), There was no refund, no coupons or vouchers, not even a simple apology was issued. All I received was a new bill, and an interrogation as to whom my new mechanic is, all from the Big-O staff involved.\n\nIn addition to all the vehicle issues, the customer service at this location has always been far from professional. Arguing with customers, arguing with me, rude in general, and often arrogant and unhelpful. Not to mention the pushy over priced tire and service sales to the unfortunate customers.\n\nOverall, I should have never came back after the first time parts went missing. Now I'm stuck with a towing bill, no oil refund, a broken hood-latch that wont even open, and a dead battery.  The customer service is again very sub-standard, and unprofessional and definitely lacks any form courtesy.\n\n**AT LEAST READ THIS** \nMoral of the story, TRUST YELP!!! ask around if anyone has ever been there. Yelp's rating of this places doesn't lie. Big-O-Tires on Lindsay and Warner in Gilbert, AZ is to be avoided at all cost. A returning loyal customer has been lost today. A very good and just decision on my part.