I recently came back from spending 4 days at this hotel over memorial holiday weekend.  wow, what a disappointment from the last time i stayed there about 7 years ago.  the place is starting to show its age, as well as its lack of management skills.  when we checked in, we were 3rd in line and it still took us 20minutes to get to the counter.  i can only imagine how long it took people to check in the followin days when the line had over a 100 people in it.  during check in, we only got 1 key since they're system was down and couldn't produce additiional keys- they said come back tomorrow morning to the front desk for another key.  luckily, you can stand in a different line for that.  when we got to our room, we found the following: nonworking light switch, a moldy mexican dish in the mini-bar, trash in one of the bins, and only 1 bath towel- not what you expect for a supposedly 4 diamond resort.  in the casino, your senses will be blown away by a strong floral aroma\/perfume pumped through the HVAC system to try and cover all the smoke.  I'd rather smell the smoke than become nauseated by the perfurme smell- my wife agreed.  on our floor there must have been a bunch of teenagers\/college kids because all thru the nite they ran up and down the hall screaming, banging on doors, and just being plain ignorant and obnoxious.  the pool was overcrowed with a bunch of drunk looking college kids, most of which we saw come directly off the street up into the elevators.  it was like a 'spring break' atmosphere at the pool and elevator lobby area.  one person would show a room card for about 10 people to get in so they had some kind of racket going; i don't know if this is the resort for UNLV students to party at during the weekends, but I'm going to spend my money somewhere else in the future rather than take the chance of finding out if this is indeed the new 'animal house'.  Last, if you want to catch a taxi, you must cross 5 lines of traffice for limos, buses, and drivers who refuse to yield and are tyring to hit you; when you get to the taxi line, be prepared to wait at least 1\/2 hour since the line is so long.  if the venetian doesn't get its act together, i can't see many people returning on later visits- except for those who like to be surrounded by obnoxious\/drunk college kids and\/or love perfume-infused casinos.