I had a leak and some water damage in my laundry room so I searched for plumbers on Yelp, Yahoo local, and other web sites. I found a few that got good reviews (mostly on Yahoo local; Yelp is sorely lacking reviews in the home services department) so I called to try and get estimates. A couple of the places wanted to charge me anywhere between $100-150 just to come out, check out the problem and to give me an estimate. I decided to go with Union Plumbing because they only charged $49 to come out and inspect the issue.\n\nI made an appointment for the next day and was given a 4 hour window for when they would show up. They called 15 minutes before showing up, which was great because I was running some errands and was able to rush back home to meet the guy. He checked out the damage and gave me a couple different estimates based on what he thought the problem might be (of course he couldn't say for sure how much it would be until he found the cause of the leak). Instead of coming back another day to fix the problem I told him to go ahead and find it and fix it. He was pretty quick to find and solve the problem and did a good job at explaining what needed to be done.\n\nOverall, I think the plumber (Terrance) did a great job. When it comes to home repair stuff, a lot of people will try to be vague in order to get you to think the problem is worse than it actually is so they can rob you blind. In this case I feel like I was well informed based on what he was telling me and showing me. He was even telling me about repairs I could do myself in case it happened again. So, it was nice to know that instead of trying to con me into thinking that future repairs (if needed) are only something he could do, he was trying to save me some cash by letting me know what parts I would need if I did it myself. He also cleaned everything up before he left and while making repairs he even took on and off those little footy-covers when walking back and forth from his truck to the laundry room so he wouldn't track any debris through the house. He was a total class-act. Very knowledgeable, friendly, and efficient. I would definitely recommend this plumbing company to anyone in need of one. The price wasn't bad either. I ended up spending a little over $100 for everything.