I waited to write this review till after I used my trailer a few times and took it in for it's first service. The reason being is because you can have the best sales person in the world and once they have your money it turns into a nightmare really fast. My friend and I bought travel trailers  the same exact week. I did my research and chose Johnny Walker RV based on not only the good reviews but because they are locally and family owned. My friend chose Camping World even though I warned him that the internet was full of horrible reviews about them but he totally ignored me and bought from them anyway and I can tell you first hand his experience has been a total nightmare compare to mine. \n\nFrom the first time I walked into JW RV it was smooth sailing, Jared Munk my sales guy was friendly and knowledgeable about everything I needed to know and guided me through the entire process without any issues. After looking at all the models I decided to go with the Jayco 26BHS and my only regret is that I wish I got the next model up with the larger bathroom.  \n\n\nMy friend who bought from Camping world and I went on our first trip together to Pachanga Lake (north campground) on Jared my sales guy's advise and it was great. I had no issues at all while my friend who bought the Key Stone Cougar had nothing but problems which ended up making my trip stressful because everything on his trailer kept breaking and I had to help him deal with all the BS. First we could not get the trailer off his truck because camping world hooked everything up wrong, then his gas valve broke and his stove and fridge quit working, then we could not get the trailer back on the hitch, then his bathroom door kept opening up driving down the road all while I had no major issues at all. After we returned my friend and I both dropped off our trailers for service, my list was short and I just needed a few things tightened up and my friend needed all his issues fixed. Well long story short my trailer was ready to pick up a few days later and more then a month later camping world is still waiting for Key Stone to give the green light to fix his stuff and my friend has missed out on using his trailer twice.\n\n\nBottom line is if you want a huge headache go buy your trailer or RV from anyone else other then Johnny Walker, if you want no hassles and great customer service from start to finish then Johnny Walker RV is the only choice in my opinion.