I would like to start off this review by saying the initial wait time to get into the restaurant is not reflected in the rating. That is completely expected considering the amount of hype that this place has at the moment. \n\nThe host that seated us at our table was very fun and energetic which I had hoped would be a great start to a great experience for the night. Unfortunately, from the moment he left, the whole thing went downhill. The bread and water was brought to us 35 minutes after being seated. When being asked about what drinks we wanted when first being seated, our drinks and meals were ordered. It took an additional 30 minutes to receive 3 alcoholic beverages, which I had to ask the server what the status was on the drinks. That was 1 hour to receive a mojito. \n\nIt would have probably be a good time to see that as a warning but unfortunately we made the mistake of not cancelling our food order. 1.5 hours after being seated, our food came to the table. Now, while I must admit, the pasta dishes have a good portion size, I can assure you the steak Diane\/ shrimp scampi combination meal ($30) is the furthest thing from a good portion size. You get 4 toonie sized pieces of steak, 3 shrimp and some mashed potatoes. The steak I ordered rare, somehow came served well done and tough. \n\nAfter everyone completed their unsatisfying meal, we requested the cheesecake since it was the main reason we came here. Normally a slice of cake should take about 10 minutes to serve but somehow it took an additional 25 minutes to come to the table. This table was also not cleared until after we requested it to be cleared. \n\nAll in all, the dining experience took about 2.5 hours from start to finish. Anyone that has experienced this restaurant south of the border knows that this is not how the dining experience should be. I would recommend taking the cheesecake to go, and then walking over to the food court and getting a burrito bowl from chipotle and patting yourself on the back for spending 25 dollars less for more food.\n\nStarted at 9 pm on a Thursday and walked out at 11:30 pm.