My wife and I (and our 10-year-old daughter) just closed on a condo at ONE. Our primary residence is in Chicago. We spent about 3-months (and numerous trips out to Vegas) walking through many (and I mean many) different condo buildings. If there's a condo on or just off The Strip--we made a visit.  Let's just say we did our homework. In the end, ONE Las Vegas was a rather easy decision. \n\nThe ONE location is just far enough away from the traffic and craziness of The Strip, but just close enough to The Strip to be in the heart of everything within ten minutes. We love Vegas, but we also like a little breathing room and quietness when the day (or night) is done. With that said, in addition to being a few miles down the street from Mandalay Bay, you're a couple minutes to the highway, airport, mall, grocery store, and an endless array of activities (including the new Raiders Stadium--pro football, UNLV, UFC, concerts, etc.). Second, the complex is beautiful and well built. Few buildings we visited had higher-end finishes, nicer community rooms, pool, tennis, or workout facilities. We also liked the indoor storage, secure parking, included cable\/WIFI, etc. I think electric is the only bill we have to pay separately.  All this and HOA was by far the lowest we encountered in our condo search. A plus is the condo layout and giant balcony.  High rise balconies on Las Vegas BLVD. are not easy to find, especially those with a clear, undisturbed mountain view.  In our humble opinion, the location on the south end of The Strip was safer and more desirable than that of the buildings we toured downtown or on the north end. This was especially important to us as parents. All in all, ONE checked more boxes than any of the other options, and was still a good value.\n\nWhile we haven't officially moved in as I write this, our experience with the building sales team and building management have been seamless.  This is especially important since we spend most of our time in Chicago. We stopped by without an appointment when we learned about ONE, and Renee dropped everything to walk us through. In our many conversations and correspondences, both Renee and Talita have been highly professional, personable, and quick to respond.  (Renee was a straight-shooter during negotiations, firm and never misleading.) Frankly, both ladies have made us feel very welcome.  \n\nAs the Vegas condo market gets tighter and prices continue to rise, if you are considering a place to live in Las Vegas, ONE should be on your short list.  All the best in your home search.