This was my first time ever in treatment and honestly I thought I would fail horribly but this place actually does care and has tried very hard to help me with my problem especially since a lot of it had to do with prescription painkillers that I was actually prescribed on top of street drugs this place has completely changed my life over the last six months, not only do I not have to go in on weekends anymore but I only go in 4 days out of the week now too. Most of the other centers because of the prescriptions I'm on wouldn't even give me take homes this place really made me value what they have to offer after seeing other places nowhere else would help me build up take homes to the point where I can have a part-time job and not have to worry about going in every day I'm almost to the point where I only have to go in once a week and I'm so excited this is a new beginning and a new life for me I wish I went to this place sooner I mean yes I've had my ups and downs but that's treatment. The focus is that I follow the program and want to do and I have been rewarded I get take homes I don't get treated bad it's awesome. This place has me not turning to drugs after going to the clinic every day and getting in that cycle. Instead they let me build my way back into society yes it takes 3 months to get to the point where you no longer have to go in on Saturdays which is really huge!! And 6 months you only go to 4 days a week. 9 months your at 1 day a week so it's a great program. The adelson center made me feel like a junkie and even if I went there for 6 years I'd never have a take home because of my prescriptions. I am a self pay patient as I have private insurance but 53 dollars a week is a lot cheaper than street drugs if you think about it so you can't really make that excuse. If you could afford those you can find a way if you really want this! This place can help you! If I move one day back to Phoenix I will for sure still stay with this company. Everyone is amazing. It's much better than a state Run facility