The rooms are amazing IF you get one above the 10th floor. Our initial room was on the 5th floor and the windows opened up onto a BRICK WALL. You have to pay extra to get the view. On site it is cheaper to upgrade, only $49\/day. We upgraded to the 10th floor. \n\nWe asked the front desk to remove the feathers (make the room hypoallergenic.) When the maids took out the pillows and comforter, they shook feathers all over the room. I still had problems the whole time, unfortunately.\n\nApparently, this is a VERY common request. They did not have enough blankets because everyone else wants hypoallergenic rooms.  This was problematic. I had two sons with me. One was 9 months old. They had RUN OUT of cribs even though we had reserved one, called ahead one week and also called that morning. So, they told us they could give us ONE BLANKET to replace the comforter for the bed. What would my two sons sleep with? So they allowed us to have ONE MORE blanket for my son on the couch. \n\nMy 9months old baby slept on the FLOOR in the BATHROOM on TOWELS. \n\nThey brought me a crib the next day. I asked for it at 7:00 a.m., I am sure this was the only reason I was able to get one. I also asked for another blanket at this time. I was still sleeping under the robes provided because I was too cold. (My husband and I have different temperature tolerance. Normally, I just use a blanket, but since I could not obtain more than one, we had a problem.)\n\nThey gave me a nice baby package (shampoo, powder, etc.) for the baby at this time with a small baby blanket. Why didn't they give me that the day before?\n\nWhat was very nice was that on level 2 was the shopping with the beautiful canals. We really enjoyed that. Also on the first floor was the breakfast buffet. We could go there while my husband napped.\n\nWhy not have some hypoallergenic rooms already set up? Why not buy some hypoallergenic comforters so people with allergies do not have to freeze to death at night? One would think for a property of this caliber that we would not have service telling us how many blankets we can and cannot have. We did not feel like we were at a first class property.