I purchased two Del Tacos from this location with a coupon for buy one get one free. Upon receiving my food I remembered that I had received a birthday email from your establishment for a free premium shake. I advised the employee, Maria of the email and placed my phone on the counter so that she could read it. She looked confused and seemed to question the authenticity of the email. Once she was done reading I picked up the phone and read the email again myself thinking that I may have missed something. I realized that there was a button to view the actual coupon with the barcode in order to scan for the free shake. I clicked on the button and then placed my phone back on the counter for her to scan. She hesitated to even give me the shake and made accusations that the email was not legitimate from your establishment. I assured her that this was how the email was sent to me and showed her the barcode to scan. After attempting to scan the barcode for a few minutes she asked me had I used the coupon previously and that was most likely the reason why she was unable to get the coupon to scan correctly.  I assured her again that I had never used the coupon and prior to the look of confusion on her face I did not even read the portion that said \"click here for coupon\". In the end  she was unable to get the coupon to scan and had to override the transaction in order for the purchase to be completed. She asked for another individual to validate the receipt by placing their signature on the receipt and then proceeded to accuse me of attempting defraud your establishment by using a coupon for a free shake multiple times. What is really sad about the situation is that she did it in Spanish with her other coworker not realizing that I understand the language and it is spoken in my home. I was embarrassed in front of my coworkers. We patron this location numerous times during the month and there is always an issue with the individuals working during lunch time. Especially from the management. I also live less then 3 miles away and this is our Del Taco of choice. Apparently I need to rethink my choices. My family is Hispanic. This issue is in no way a race issue but a respect issue.  If there were truly a concern then it should have been addressed with me directly and in English because that's the language I was speaking at the time of the transaction. Also I think there needs to be a lesson in intelligence. Just because I am dark skinned and I look black does not mean that I do not speak, comprehend or read any other language. Prejudice comes in many forms and what I experienced today in your establishment was just that. I do not through the work racist out there because I think it is a term that is over used or abused but I will say it is a fine line because I wonder if i would have gotten the same treatment if I looked to be a traditional Hispanic woman in her opinion.