Even though it is on the pricier side, it was worth it. My soul was happy with me after I ate here. In fact, my soul asked me to eat twice here. I happily obliged. The first time we were only there for a quick snack and a drink, but the second time we actually ate a meal there, so I'll review the second time. \n\nI should give one caveat: I'm not particularly familiar with authentic Brazilian or Japanese food. That said, I found this fusion restaurant both intriguing and completely intoxicating. \n\nThe waitress we had the first time was good, but I really remember our second waiter, Max. He was very attentive and gave fantastic recommendations, but wasn't pushy about it. Most importantly, you can tell he's actually EXCITED about the food. It made a huge difference, because seeing someone so excited to tell you about the ingredients, how the food is prepared, and what flavors are going on together really adds to a wonderful food experience, in my opinion. The waiter ended up recommending a $60 per person meal, a tasting menu of sorts. It sounds like a lot, but given the prices, it was really very fair considering the amount of food we got. As such, I'm not going to talk about every little thing, but more the highlights. \n\nThe Peruvian Corn was addicting. It was a little closer to the hominy side of the corn spectrum, but it was buttery and had just a bit of texture. If it doesn't come as a side, I absolutely recommend trying it as a separate side dish. It DOES come as a side to the sea bass skewers, which I think were my single most favorite thing I tried there. It was buttery and delicious, and so flavorful in little bites. I wish I could describe it better than just \"flavorful,\" but I'm not even sure how to describe how delicious it was. I'll just say that while I was eating it, I hoped it would never stop (so inappropriate but I can't help it: that's what she said). \n\nHamachi tacos and a plate of various sashimi were incredible. I liked the sashimi just a little more because the bold flavors of the sauces surprisingly married well with the fish flavor, without overpowering it. \n\nThe most surprising part of the night: there was a sushi roll that included melted mozzerella. Yes. Mozzerella and salmon. I was SO skeptical of this one, and it took me a few tries to get used to it, but once I did, it was like a warm blanket. If you can push aside the weirdness, it's a good roll. \n\nAnother piece of fabulosity we had was a yellowtail seviche (they do spell it with an \"s\"). It was tangy but still let the other flavors show, and that is one of the items (along with the sea bass) I will absolutely order again next time I am in Vegas. \n\nLast, but certainly not least, the waiter concocted a duck hot-pot for us. I've not had much exposure to duck, and was weary of this one, but it was in a buttery sauce with lots of mushrooms, and it was incredibly silky and rich. Needless to say, after all this food, we were STUFFED!!! And of course, very happy. The manager came out to talk to us about the food as well, and I thought that was nice. \n\nI also tried the cucumber martini and the blackberry mojito. The mojito was good, but not particularly special. The cucumber martini, on the other hand, was light and refreshing and absolutely amazing. \n\nSushi Samba is definitely first on my list next time I come to Vegas!