Friend and I were up early talking Sunday morning and started talking about food, she said lets go out and I was like ok, lets do this! Didn't have a clue where I was headed just knew I was getting breakfast! My friend woke up her hubby, they jumped into the car, picked me up and that's when they told me that they read about Brunchies on Yelp and said let's give it a try and glad we did!!\n\nWe got their and it's a cute little place, it looked crowded because there was a few people waiting, but we put our name on the waiting list and was seated within 6 mins afterwards. I guess we were seated in the patio area, by the huge fountain, it was nice, can look out the window on to downtown Chandler.\n\nService was good, I didn't catch our waiters name but he was a young cute blond. Pitcher of water & carafe of coffee was left on the table, how awesome was that!\n\nOn the table where tortilla chips and I was thinking man I dig me some chips and salsa but not really before my coffee, but I tried one of the chips and omg it was some sweetness!! Tortilla chips covered in cinnamon and sugar, that's what these where, so delish and an unexpected surprise, at this point I still haven't cracked the menu opened and was not really entire sure of what type of food this place was. \n\n\nI wound up ordering The Westerner, eggs scrambled with green chili and ham with the season potatoes, the eggs were great! The potatoes even though they were cooked, they were not quiet what I like, I think next time I will get hash browns and load them up with gravy!! The biscuit was huge, flaky, moist and delish! I topped that bad boy with some honey and just let it melt in my mouth!  Next time that baby is getting covered in gravy My friends ordered the southerner, and the Mexican skillet chorizo, both dishes looked delish!   \n\nI also saw on Yelp there is a espresso chocolate cake one can order?!?! I am going to have to hunt that down! I love me some cake!\n\nSo after I got home I checked out the place online and saw that it was owned by Serranos, I think if I had known that before I went I wouldn't have gone. I have had 2 bad experiences at Serranos so I probably would have let that tainted my trip, but it hadn't and I plan on going back to Brunchies soon!