i wish i could give this place 0 stars. I placed my order to go over the phone which took 15 mins for someone to even anwswer the phone. Thinking they were busy at lunch time when i went in, they werent busy at all so i am not sure why they didnt answer their phone. But when i went in to get my order. There was a man behind the counter trying to sell a cell phone to a customer and then he asked me and my friend if we wanted to  buy a gold quarter and that he would take best offer for this coin. So unprofessional and not comical. when my food came out, i told the woman working the register that i will be using my debit card, the total was 14.96 she swiped my card  and it was dialing and then it declined because it was dialing forever (they have no service or hardly any service) i told her i know there is money in my account and she said well i will try again when she tried again it still was showing dialing and pending , i dont know what she did but it was taking forever to process this. I then pulled up my online banking to show her that the charge went through and showed it pending. The money was already taken out of my account and she kept telling me it just says pending doesnt mean they took it out which i then explained to her that yes it is  taken out of my account and she cancelled the debit again because it was taking forever to print out a receipt which ended up jamming. Then she swipes my card again and i keep telling her you already took money out of my account while showing her my phone. which she still is telling me no no no thats not it . well it says lindos and now i have two charges for 14.96 from lindo's restaurant . But i dont understand or know what kind of people they have working here who do not care about the customers and or what they customer has to say . but i called my bank so that issue will be resolved and i will never come here again. it looks dirty inside. the employees are morons and try to sell you things they find in the street and the food has decreased in size. my gyro was too dry - the chicken- and was very small for 6.41. the best part of my whole experience is the lettuce was  fresh. never again.