Wow... I've been here many times and each time I've gone to see Jenny. She does amazing work, however tonight, my scheduled appointment was for Jimmy because Jenny was fully booked (understandably so--she does a damn good job). I had scheduled my appointment days ago and it was rescheduled to be with Anthony on the day of, which is fine but makes me think they don't pay close enough attention to their own availability and limits. Anyways, back to the point. Long story short. I go to get a deluxe pedicure and a gel polish\/fill. \nThe pedicure: sloppy and actually quite painful. The young lady (who also was pretty unprofessional--complaining about the types of customers she dislikes), managed to literally scrape my heels RAW. Maybe the polish job made up for it? No. Mediocre at best. \nThe fill: Anthony (who took over for Jimmy) re-sculpted my nails according to lovely acrylic standards. However, when it came time for the polish, he quit out of sheer frustration and told me he'd let Jenny finish me. Jenny (along with every other worker) was busy with another customer so I sat and waited. And waited. And waited. For 20 minutes. Reminder: my visit was a SCHEDULED appointment. \nI asked Jenny to please take off my half-finished\/half-smudged\/still sticky polish. Thankfully, she did. \nI'm so irritated because the skill (some of the employees carry) is spot-on. But the customer service was horrible. No customer wants to be passed around like a piñata and that's exactly what I was tonight. Will not be returning. Word of advice to business owners: Don't overbook yourself to where you are having to move customers from person to person (there needs to be structure. Jam-packing the salon will not result in happy customers who get mediocre\/rushed work) and do NOT lie to a walk-in client that it will be a \"10 minute wait\" for a mani-pedi when EVERY manicure and EVERY pedicure station is FULL.\nCherry on top: I was still charged $70 for a crappy job and my nails not even painted (at all. No polish whatsoever). I should have refused.