As many of the other reviewers state \"Front desk service was great\".\nEasy free parking close to your hotel room door in most cases. Great neighborhood, easy freeway access. Beautiful area with mountain views. Rooms are fine for the price point. All standard amenities for this class group with the exception of no in-room safe. All rooms face\/open to an outside corridor.... that means any windows you might have must have at least the sheers closed ...if not more (blackout curtains)...... for privacy. The pool and hot tub were fine. Hot tub had bubbles but no jets positioned toward guests.... they were just pointed up like 8 waterfall features. Nice pool furniture. Pool towels were scarce and when available they were of small dollar store quality. Housekeeping staff was good. Rear of the property and rooms on the rear get compromised during the day when tons of laundry is piled in front of one small room with two washers. Breakfast is ok. Sausage, scrambled eggs, shredded potatoes that were frozen warmed up products.... not bad .... nothing to write home about. Biscuits and gravy ... same thing.... they did have a nice selection of yogurt and two whole fruit selections. Only toast was raisin and white.... pastries, muffins were vendor machine quality. Back to the rooms.... and again totally fine for the price point. In-room towels were of decent quality.... bath products were fine. Refrigerator, microwave and AC all worked well. Shower was powerful. Room was clean but slightly worn.... something I accept with this price point. Bottom line.... I would stay here again... especially when my travels have me attending events outside the hotel. This hotel is not a destination.... but certainly a decent place to hang your head. This is could be a 4 star with some upgrades and attention to detail. Suggestions:\n1.   Touch up paint inside and out ... all over property.\n2.    Empty outside trash and check grounds for garbage several times a day.\n3.    Upgrade pool towels and make them plentiful.\n4.    Offer assistance with luggage, especially older guests assigned on the second floor.\n5.    Simplify breakfast .... loose the frozen stuff but make sure what is offered is of highest quality.\n6.    Spot check your rooms..... exposed wires.... chipped paint..... burnt out light bulbs....etc\n7.    Fill the the large planters around the pool with flowers or cactus ... anything  but don't leave them empty. There are 2 or three empty ... and they are full of cigarette butts..... yuck.... doesn't make the pool experience very inviting. The cactus and flowers you do have look great!\n\nGuests here all seem nice..... older folks around the pools escaping the brutal winters of the east to the all girls soccer team.