Wait, Bakersfield is a chain? Wow, I had no idea until I browsed some of these reviews just now. Crazy. It definitely doesn't have a chainy vibe...it feels like a local, hip, modern Pittsburgh joint. \n\nWe recently came here with some friends on a Saturday night. We got there rather early...just shy of 6:00....and we were able to get a table with relative ease. As the evening went on though, it grew more and more crowded, so be prepared to wait for a table if you come during prime dinner hours. As I mentioned, the vibe of this place is very trendy, but not in an unwelcoming or intimidating way. \n\nFirst, the booze. Get the margarita! I don't always love margaritas...sometimes they're too sour, sometimes they're sickeningly sweet, sometimes they taste like nothing but tequila. The Bakersfield margarita was my goldilocks margarita...perfect balance of everything. And strong too, so at $8, it was a good value.\n\nNext, the food. To start, we got chips and guac and chips and queso. I'm not a guac eater, but the rest of my dining companions reported that it was some of the most fresh, tasty guacamole they've ever had. So thumbs up for the guac. As for the queso, you can add goodies to it if you're so inclined (black beans, chorizo, etc.), but we opted to order it plain. It had amazing flavor, but it was definitely different from typical queso served at Mexican restaurants. It had a somewhat pasty, grainy texture...kinda similar to hummus. My friend said the texture reminded him of a thick bisque. So queso purists might be turned off by the unusual texture, but it was delicious regardless....I mean, let's be real, it's a bowl of hot cheese, so how could it *not* be delicious? \n\nAs for the tacos, they received high marks from our group as well. I sampled the pollo rojo and huitlacoche. The pollo rojo was divine...the chicken, spicy salsa, chipotle lime crema, and cilantro all combined for one hell of a delicious bite. I was less of a fan of the huitlacoche...it tasted a bit too grassy for my liking (I guess the technical foodie term would be \"earthy,\" but I still maintain that it tasted kinda like grass :) As for my friends, the hands down favorites for them were the fish taco and the bistec taco (made with short rib, slaw, cilantro). Note that the tacos here are kinda small....usually at any taco joint, two tacos is more than enough to fill me up, particularly if there are appetizers involved. But even with having chips and guac\/queso and then two tacos each, everyone at my table ended up ordering a third taco after. \n\nOur server was Dylan and he was fun, friendly, and attentive. Our food came out fast. Overall, it was a great night out and I think this will become one of our dining staples when we're downtown. Cheers!