Located on Queen Street West and surrounded by a plethora of top-notch restaurants, this \"newish\" Filipino eatery is a place that I've been dying to visit since it first opened its doors. What interested me the most was their menu. I recognized their dishes from the many meals that my mother, Titas and Titos used to cook (and still do) for our family and so I thought it would be really neat to see and taste someone else's modern interpretation of it. I'm not really sure how to describe Filipino cuisine except that it is predominantly influenced by Asian and Latin flavors, incorporating indigenous ingredients. Unfortunately I have not tried Lamesa's regular dinner menu so this review is based solely on my Sunday brunch experience.\n\nLamesa occasionally opens its doors for a Sunday brunch buffet event called \"Silog Sunday\" and I was excited that I was able to partake in such a delicious function. The restaurant is small in size but that is standard for a Queen Street location. It has a very clean, modern, and rustic look with a few unique light fixtures hanging from the ceiling and placed along the walls. Complete with nostalgia inducing 90's r&b music playing in the background, its relaxed and casual atmosphere makes it easy for people to enjoy their food on a romantic date or an evening out with friends.  When we walked in we were greeted immediately by a smiling waitress who was more than eager to explain the menu to us and who also took the time to elaborate on how the brunch buffet worked. The food was placed in chafing dishes along the bar and the layout was neat and organized, allowing people to move around easily without inconveniencing anyone at their tables. The chef was also at the bar cooking eggs on the spot, just the way you like it.\n\nFilipino's love their meat, so do not be intimated by the abundance of meat served for breakfast on a Sunday morning. From the buffet I had pork longanisa, garlic fried rice, pork torcino, and beef tapa (there was more food available but I only chose these items for my meal). The food was delicious. I especially loved the pork longanisa. Traditionally served \"sausage\" style, Lamesa's version of it is in the form of a \"slider\" which I thought was pretty creative and cool. The taste of the longanisa is more sweet than salty and it goes well with their garlic fried rice. The pork torcino was also very tasty. The meat is thick and soft and tastes like sweet ham. The beef tapa is tougher and consists of dried beef cured with salt and spices, much saltier than the pork but a good combination together. You get a great balance in flavors if you eat the meat with something neutral in flavor such as rice and egg.\n\nOverall, at $20 per seat, this unlimited buffet is definitely worth your money.\nI love this place and I love this event in particular. It reminded me of numerous family gatherings where we would eat a copious amount of Filipino dishes for breakfast. The food is delicious but don't expect mom's traditional Filipino meals here...instead expect your cooler older cousins interpretation of it. If you are interested in Silog Sunday I recommend that you make reservations as the seats fill up rather quickly. Great experience overall!