So, my sister Luch decided that we should go to brunch on a lazy Sunday and she wanted to go to this place in Homestead.  However, she found out that in order to make reservations, you have to send an e-mail to the restaurant, purchase a secret decoder ring and then wait for acceptance smoke signals to ensure that you can dine there.  Yeah, right!  So anyway, she did a little research and determined that we should go to the Cornerstone Restaurant instead.  Well, awrighty then!  Off we go to The Cornerstone Restaurant!  \n\nI am extremely sad to say that I really enjoy Scotch eggs.  Come on, man!  A boiled egg wrapped in sausage and then deep fried?  Instant heart attack? Yes!  Instant gratification?  YES! YES! YES!  So my piggy-self ordered the LOW COUNTRY STEAK & EGGS! (Flat iron steak grilled to order, cheddar grits, caramelized onions, scotch egg & toast!  Yeah, man!)  My daughter Muff ordered the CINNAMON SUGAR French Toast with bacon and my sister Luch ordered the Biscuits and Gravy(Homemade buttermilk biscuits, fried chicken breast filet and sausage gravy served with a side of fruit)  \n\nNow let me also say that I am a grit connoisseur.  My mother and several of her siblings were born in Columbia, South Cackalaky (Carolina for those of you don't know any better.)  My father's father (Grand Pap) was also born in South Carolina.  I hated grits as a child because at the time, my family served grits in a \"savory\" versus a \"sweet\" way. (Those are the two grit camps.)  Cheese, butter, salt, pepper, country ham gravy or sunny-side up eggs stirred into hot grits was my family's choice.  However, a few folks that I knew ate grits with butter and sugar.  Either way, I didn't like them as a child.\n\nFast forward to today and I love almost any type of savory grit.  The cheddar grits at the Cornerstone were just okay, but I have a killer recipe that I got from a chef in Charleston, SC that would make you smack your mama twice!  My steak was prepared exactly to my liking and my sister liked her biscuits and gravy served with chicken.(Luch said that the biscuits were a little dense, but everything overall was quite scrumptious.)   My daughter Muff managed to cut me off a smidgen (And I mean smidgen!) of her French toast and it was as tasty as she claimed.\n\nMy only complaint is that I probably wouldn't order the LOW COUNTRY STEAK & EGGS again because of the overload of protein and starch.  I would probably eliminate the grits and stick with a fruit cup to lighten the plate up some. I don't know what I was thinking...  My bad!  Other than that, this is a quaint neighborhood restaurant that provides a nice backdrop for casual family and friend gatherings.  The menu offers something for everyone including the kiddies.