5 stars hands down. I walked in around my reservation time and was warmly greeted by two hostesses. I told them my name and was seated immediately.\n\nThe server (Mikayla) greeted me within a minute if sitting down and took my drink order. Definitely try the blackberry lemonade - so good - especially with the whiskey :).\n\nI ordered the half fried chicken (I mean why would you get anything else when this place is known for it...it's called Yard Bird for a reason). I also asked for recommendations on sides and the server recommended the Brussels Sprouts - heck yeah I love Brussels Sprouts. I saw a biscuit appetizer on the menu but it had 4 biscuits. I politely asked if I could get a single biscuit since I was rocking solo and the server said no problem. I saw good review on the buttermilk ranch that comes with the fries so ordered that to try with the Brussels Sprouts. \n\nWow the food came out fast, it was like they were just waiting to drop my order. No joke, it was out within 7 minutes when generally that's faster than most app standards and half as long as most entree times. Chicken? Check. Biscuit? Check. Brussels sprouts? Check.\n\n The chicken was piping hot and the person who served it to me described the dish as brined for 27 hours. I liked that touch. The skin wasn't as crispy as I had expected but it was flavorful and crisp. The meat just fell off the bone. Usually I struggle to try and get to all the meat when I eat bone-in chicken, but not tonight. There was not a single piece of meat left on those bones. Nothing is safe from this savage when he's hungry.\n\nThe Brussels Sprouts were cooked perfectly too. Nice crisp to them and fully cooked and tender. The spiced honey that they were drizzled in was a nice kick up a notch than what I'm used too. I gotta say, even though I bucked the system and ate against the grain of the Chef's intention, the ranch went well with the Sprouts. The biscuit was buttery and crispy just like I like em. It was a decent size, not overly large but not too small. Think smaller than a hockey puck. The butter and jam that were served with the biscuit was phenomenal too. I prefer butters at room temperature and spreadable - this was. The jam was tasty and homemade - you can def taste the heart and love in this food.\n\nTeamwork among he staff was observed throughout my meal. When servers were busy at other tables, bussers greeted and took water orders (tap or bottles). The manager made an appearance at my table and asked how things were. Awesome. Timing for drinks and food orders\/receipt and check backs were within expected and preferred times. The busser was prompt in clearing my dishes and came around as I was putting the last bone on my plate.\n\nI finished with an imperial stout and a carrot cake which was served in a little edible pot. The check was delivered before my last dessert bite and the check was returned with my credit card within a minute. Super service from Mikayla all night. \n\nAwesome night. Awesome food. Awesome staff. Will be back next time I'm in Vegas.