I needed to have my acrylic nails removed, and was looking for a new salon to do it. I found Allure via Yelp, and seeing the high ratings decided to pay them a visit today.\n\nAllure Nails & Spa is located off Community House Road in that new small shopping center near Ballantyne Corporate Park. They're near Genghis Grill\/Another Broken Egg Cafe, etc. \n\nWhen I arrived there was only one other customer in the place. A woman greeted me and they quickly got me settled in and ready for soaking off my acrylics. After multiple rounds of soaking and filing, we'd arrived at my natural nails.\n\nThe woman who greeted me introduced herself as Tammy, and the woman working on my nails was Van. As they saw how thin my natural nails were, both from the acrylics and just my nails being naturally thin, they recommended that I might want to try gel nail polish for a few visits to see if that would help keep my thin, brittle nails from chipping, splitting or peeling.\n\nI was really impressed by this, because when I've gone to soak off acrylics at other place, they've done the work and cleaned the nails, but never made any recommendations to keep my nails looking good. I'd leave and within hours or days, all my nails would look haggard again.\n\nI decided to give gel nail polish a try and I told Tammy that I wanted something very natural, almost like the french manicure look I was replacing. She came over with a couple of polishes and showed me what they looked like on her nails. I ended up choosing a very light iridescent pink that barely looks like nail polish, which I love.\n\nMidway through my treatment the door opened and 8 girls walked in for a party with a couple of moms. They didn't have an appointment, and there were only a few women working the salon. Tammy said they could take the girls in for manicures or pedicures, maybe 3 at a time, which seemed fine. I was impressed with how quickly the salon sprung into action to accommodate the new crowd of girls. I was also impressed at how Tammy got to know the girls' names, what the occasion was (a birthday) and how everyone at the salon interacted with the girls, and with me as well.\n\nI was really struck by how friendly everyone working at the salon was. Tammy and Van and others addressed regular clients by their first names as soon as they walked in the door. Tammy started calling me 'Cat' right after asking my name and I get the feeling when I show up again, she'll have remembered it! I'm terrible at names, which is one of the reasons I wanted to write this review so quickly before I forgot Tammy and Van's names! I'm always impressed with businesses that take the time to get to know people a bit better.\n\nI left with short, clean, polished nails and a plan to come back in 2 more weeks to get another manicure and pedicure with gel polish again.\n\nFirst impressions mean a lot, and I had a great first impression from my visit today. I'm a big fan of this place and the women working there, and highly recommend a visit!