Wow! I tried Yardbird a few weeks ago for the first time and I was really impressed. If you're in Vegas and looking for some savory Southern food and good drinks, then this is your place. \n\nAfter sleeping in on a Saturday morning, I started yelping for places with good brunch. I found this place and I'm so glad I did. I got there in the late morning and was immediately seated at the bar. \n\nMy gf and I decided to order drinks. I got the Yardbird Old Fashioned and she got the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade. Both were great choices. My bourbon was exactly what you look for in an old fashioned: cold, strong, and smooth. The Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade was the type of drink you make your go-to. It was the perfect combination of just great taste with a kick. That's a must order for anyone coming here for the first time.\n\nAs far as food, I ordered the omelette of the day, which had bacon and cheese. It comes with a biscuit and fruit. The biscuits are amazing. They might be the best I've ever had. The omelet was on the small side but it was well-made and still filled me up. I've had better. My gf ordered sausage biscuits. It came with two of them and they each had egg and tomatoes. I'm not really a fan of sausage biscuits, but these were just undeniable. I wound up eating about half of hers. Like I said the biscuits themselves are amazing, but the sausage patty was about as good as I've had.\n\nSo the food and drinks here along with the place itself made Yardbird worthy of 5 stars in my book, but it was the service that really takes this place over the top. The lady bartender, whose name I don't remember, was really attentive the whole time and super friendly. As far as service though, they did have one slip up: our food took about 25 minutes to come out when it probably shouldn't have based on how few people were there. But they more than made up for it. Beau, who had checked up on my gf and I multiple times, noticed that our food was taking unusually long. He apologized for it and even better, he gave us a pumpkin pie milk shake on the house. The milkshake was as good as it gets. It was exactly what the name suggests and more. The manager even came over to apologize for the wait and ask us what we thought of the shake.\n\nOverall, this place is more than deserving of 5 stars. They are a bit pricey (I spent ~$80 for 2 small meals and 2 drinks), but it is definitely worth it. Three items there stood out to me as being top of the line: the biscuits, the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade, and the pumpkin pie milk shake. It's not often you can name three items from one place as being top quality. The place itself, food, drinks, and service make Yardbird a place I must return to next time I'm in Vegas. Hurry up and try out the pumpkin pie milk shake because it's only seasonal!