If you are looking for someone to work on your Vespa, DO NOT go here.  They clearly aren't experienced in working on them.  Here is the recap of my experience. \n\nI brought my 72 Vespa into have a new petcock installed.  I was told it would take 2-2.5 hours of labor to install and would have it back in a couple of days.  After a week goes by and hearing nothing from them I called to find out if it was ready and was told that my tank had a gas leak and they were going to try putting some JB weld on it to fix the problem.  I told them that would be fine.  \n\n4-5 more days go by and Sun Valley calls again, this time I was told that the tank was still leaking and that it needed to be replaced.  The original tank went to Sun Valley with a bladder.  With a bladder any gas leak, even one the size of a bullet hole, could be remedied by simply replacing the inexpensive bladder, but I foolishly trusted them and said \"Ok go ahead and replace it but save my original tank so I can see it when I pick up the scooter\".  They said that wouldn't be a problem.\n\nAnother few days goes by and I am told the new one they ordered didn't fit and they had to order another one.  A couple more days goes by and I was told the 2nd one didn't fit either and that they were now going to reach out to someone in town and get one from them.  \n\nNow 3 weeks in to this debacle and the newest tank on I'm told that there is no longer a leak, but now the scooter won't run more than 5 mins.  What comes next is even more ridiculous, they tell me \"at this point we have a lot of hours in to the scooter, you should probably just come get it\"  Are you kidding me?  Not that at this point I wasn't ready to take it somewhere else anyways, it's mind boggling how poor their customer service is.  \n\nSo I go to pick up the scooter and my old tank.  When I get there I'm told that they no longer have the old tank, that they had to give it to the person they bought the new tank from.  Along with the scooter he gives me a couple of gaskets he tells me he couldn't get on the scooter.   Lol yup that's right, just wait it gets even better...\n\nSo I go down the road to 2nd Ave Scooters and tell him what's been going on and that I need him to look at my scooter.  He looks at the scooter and says, \"Hold on a second\" and comes out with my original tank and says this wouldn't be yours would it?  Lol of course it is.  \n\nIf this wasn't enough he looks over the scooter and shows me where they installed the petcock upside down and had ghetto rigged the fuel line by piecing together 3 separate hoses!!!  He had the scooter apart in under and hour, put the petcock in the right position and returned all the \"we don't know where these go\" gaskets in THE CORRECT PLACE.  Aligned the fuel tank, sight glass and oil bag properly.  2nd Ave Scooters also replaced the fuel line with one solid rubber line.  \n\n\n \nI can't say this enough DON'T TRUST THESE PEOPLE TO WORK ON YOUR SCOOOTER!!!  Save your self some time and money and just go directly to 2nd Ave Scooters.