Here's this One Hour Martinizing franchise location in a brief sentence: good cleaning and reprehensible customer service.\n\nSo, here's how my experience with this dry cleaner went down.  I tripped and fell into some mud and soiled my suit and shirt.  I needed to get my suit cleaned quickly for job interviews (it is my new favorite suit and the only one I have that fits well), so I decided to give this cleaner a shot since I'd had a good experience at other One Hour Martinizing locations in other cities.  I dropped off my suit, pointed out the soiled areas, and hoped for the best.  TO THEIR CREDIT, the person to whom I showed my soiled shirt did advise me to try washing my shirt with OxyClean before I paid to have them clean it.\n\nAnyway, I went back the following day to claim my suit.  Again, to their credit, it was done on time, and once I finally got it home, it was nice and clean (though to be honest, a dry cleaner returning my clothes clean is not something particularly remarkable).  It was during the pick up process that things hit the fan.\n\nI usually only carry my AMEX, and apparently they don't take AMEX.  I gave the person working the drive-up window my AMEX, and after a couple of minutes, she came back and told me they don't take American Express.  Frustrating, sure, but I guess I can see a merchant not taking a particular card.  I didn't have any cash, but I offered to write a check.  To my dismay, the clerk told me they didn't accept checks, DESPITE HAVING A NICE BIG SIGN ON THE WINDOW SAYING THAT CHECKS ARE ACCEPTED!\n\nAt this point, I calmly explained that I didn't have a current ATM\/debit card (I was waiting for a new one to be delivered from USAA - my online bank), but I again offered to write a check.  A couple of minutes thereafter, I was told to come inside to talk to the owner.  I asked for the owner to come talk to me in my car since I had a brace on my ankle from the aforementioned fall, but it turns out she was on the phone, not in the store.  That's when things really took a turn for the worst.\n\nThe owner of the store first chastised me for not carrying cash and for using American Express because AMEX is bad for small businesses.  She then lectured me for still using checks because, according to her, it's the 21st Century and people don't use checks anymore (though apparently cash is still in vogue).  She then told me that they would keep my suit, and if I took it without paying, that she would take it out of her employee's pay (which the employee confirmed is the case).  Time after time I tried to reach some kind of agreement with the owner, but she refused to let me take my suit.  She wouldn't let me leave some other collateral and return to pay with cash when I got my ATM card, and she would accept a check.  She told me that I'm not a customer she knows and that she believed I would bounce my check.\n\nMy problem with this place isn't necessarily that they don't accept AMEX or checks, but is rather with how they handled the situation.  When they took my suit to clean it without addressing payment methods and then subsequently discovered that I didn't have one of the limited payment options they accepted, they were inflexible and uncooperative, and frankly, downright rude and insulting.  I made a good faith effort to work something out, but was refused.  To make matters worse, they refused to accept a check even though they had a sign posted that they accept checks!\n\nI left without taking my suit since I didn't want the owner to punish her employee.  Thankfully, I was able to find a Visa card from a bank I no longer use that I keep around for emergencies and was able to settle my account with the owner.  Still, it took a couple of hours to get this all worked out, and all the while the owner berated me and threatened her employee.  This was a terrible exercise in customer service, and I won't be going back.