I was at the Visulite Saturday night and it was a terrible experience. I bought tickets online 2 days prior to the show. It was listed as a headliner and that the doors opened at 8pm with 2 opening acts. We got there right on time and were denied entrance. Jam Base had listed it as one show and when I bought tickets on the Visulite website it was for 1 show. We were aggressively all told that we would have to pay for the first person on stage or we would have to come back later. What? Then we were told, \"it was made very clear on the website\" at which point the guy whipped out his clip board and showed us some piece of paper and was like, \"don't make me pull up the website.\" If it was made so clear... why were we having this discussion? To say the least, the guy taking\/selling tickets was a jerk and the door guy was a total bully. He not only told said, \"are you talking about MY ticket guy in there? you better watch yourself or you won't be coming back!\" Really? First of all, I'm a hard working polite female that does not deserve to be bullied around by some oaf that thinks HIS job is that important to keep squirrely little girls like me out of there. What am i going to do? kick him in the shins? tell him he's a meanie? there are better ways to handle a situation. Second, I was not talking back to this guy or arguing. I was trying to figure out why on earth I would have to buy separate tickets for 1 nights worth of music at the same venue. We ended up going to Crown Station (which is an awesome spot with very nice people) and headed back in time for the show. Again, the door guy was a bully saying, \"looks like you came back for a 2nd try, huh? you better watch yourself this time.\" To say the least, I asked the bartender to speak to a manager and apparently there was not one there on this particular evening. I have to say, the bartender was extremely nice and apologized about 3 times over. This used to be my FAVORITE venue in Charlotte to see music, but after this terrible experience, I will not be returning. I remain very upset about this situation and can't imagine the band would be very happy knowing their fans are being bullied and talked down to at the front door. As for the sound... once we finally made it in, it was extremely loud and impossible to hear any words that the guys were actually singing. Super bummed about the whole evening... but would also be very willing to talk to a manager...