My wife and I went there last weekend for our anniversary. We had reservations for a table on the patio at 7:45. We got there at 7:50ish and were promptly seated. It was a very busy Friday night. It was one of those very cold AZ nights, so we requested our server if we could have one of those patio heaters by our table and he was back in 5 minutes with one. I would strongly recommend a table on the patio for a nice, quiet, romantic dinner. It tends to get very loud inside on the weekends and it might be good to hang out inside with friends and drink but for a nice dinner the patio ambiance is really amazing. \n\nNow for the food and drinks - My wife got the ivy and ginger cocktail and I got the red sangria. Before the drinks came out, our server got us warm bread with pesto sauce and it was really good. Drinks came out fairly quick and I must say I loved the vodka ginger cocktail drink!! It was HUGE and had a nice kick to it. \n\nFor the food - we are vegetarians so that really cut down our options to few. Our server Ryan G. was awesome and I would recommend to ask for a table in his area. We ordered the sweet corn, red peppers and goat cheese flat bread and Ryan recommended the sweet potato cannelloni. He said the portion was big enough to share and he can even split it and get it in two separate plates for us to share. The food was out in about 10-15 minutes and Ryan was correct...the portions for the cannelloni were perfect to share and we both absolutely loved the cannelloni and the flat-bread. The cannelloni had a nice sweet\/salty taste and the spinach\/almonds on the top tasted amazing. \n\nRyan had also asked us initially if were celebrating anything and we had told him it's our anniversary. After we were done eating, he got us a delicious looking strawberry short cake (on the house), with fresh strawberries on a white plate that had a handwritten note with chocolate icing saying \"Happy Anniversary\" . We did not expect this at all and it was really a very nice surprise! The cake was absolutely delicious and it was the perfect way to end the meal. \n\nWe will definitely go back!