I LOVE the OEC and could eat here 7 days a week.\nThe Miles Road location is the original and best. Yes, the Chagrin Falls location suffers from inconsistency, but even with that it is the healthiest thing in that town to eat (and the Hartzler Ice-Cream is uniquely Ohio). Tom is the chef owner, based at the Miles road location and he can be a little gruff at times, but the soup selection and food make it worth the risk.\n\nALWAYS order a soup. They are amazing. Try something different whenever possible. I usually get 2-4 soups to take home with me, they are easy to heat up and delicious. Most are Vegan\/Vegetarian unless they have something obvious like chicken in the name.\n\nThe smoothies are delicious, I tend to ask for them \"cold,\" because they are more refreshing. These could easily be a meal!!! You can not get a soup, smoothie and meal. You might find the salad as a smoothie shockingly good (I believe it is called the green goddess). If you are into juice, you are going to be glad you found this oasis on Miles Road (crappy mall next to Miles Market).\n\nThe salads always look a little too healthy and not very exciting too me. I have tasted the dressings and they are good. For me, it is all about the paninis. They are best served hot, with a slight crisp to the bread and Tom has got that right. I don't eat fish these days but the tuna artichoke is \"off the hook.\" There is usually a portabello Special and I will eat this any day of the week. It is kind of like a burger to a vegetarian like myself.\n\nThe Sides. These are always strange, usually packed with flavor and interesting to eat. These are not Fries or boring dry cous cous. These are almost always healthy small servings that kind of just hit the spot. \n\nWhat else? Service time varies, but be patient. Tom is actually cooking and prepping your food. You are getting freshly made food to order. That is truly living the high life. Experiment! I have been working my way thru the menu and it forces me to leave my comfort zone, experiencing different if not better flavors.