Sadly I have to downgrade my rating to only 2 stars.  I've been to Pho 602 a couple more times since my first visit in April 2015, most recently over Christmas and the service, or lack thereof, hasn't improved at all.  This is unfortunate because the food is good and the staff is generally very nice.  They still struggle mightily on actual service - the thing is, it's really basic stuff and in a rather non-busy environment.  This last dining experience, the restaurant was about half full.  However, there were two large parties, ours (11 people) and another (12 people or so).  The other party arrived just before us, which of course isn't the problem.\n\nThe problem was that the staff is incapable of serving multiple tables at once.  In addition to three other smaller tables (less than 4 guests), we had to wait until the other large group got their drink and food orders served before they could serve us.  To be clear, they did take all of our orders as any restaurant would normally, that is largely one after another.  However, the food and drinks only could come out one table at a time.  One table was served from beginning to end before they moved on to the next table.  This obviously results in a very long wait.\n\nMore frustrating is that they brought out entrees first, appetizers second and drinks last.  This was after an hour wait.  Their inexperience was also highlighted by the fact the server brought out three bowls of piping hot pho and placed it on a table far away from ours.  As he lifted the first bowl, which again, was filled to the brim with piping hot soup, you could tell he knew something bad was going to happen - that look of \"oh crap, this is hot!!\"  He sped up, but by the time he got to our table, it was clearly too hot for his hands, he let go of the bowl and spilled nearly all the pho (and hot soup) on the table. My brother-in-law amazingly escaped with little more than some soup on his jeans.  However, it nearly spilled all over my nephew and with the temperature as it was, would have been bad news for the little guy had the soup spilled on him. What was surprising to me was that he tried to repeat this with the other two bowls - thankfully my wife stopped him and told him to put the bowl on a plate to help stabilize the bowl and relieve him of the heat.\n\nTo the servers credit, he did come back to ask my brother-in-law if he was ok.  However, nary a word from the manager - no sorry's, no \"hey, we'll comp that for you\" - nothing.  Another 20 minutes go by and we're about halfway through our meals when they finally start bringing out the drinks.  It should be noted that we asked about our drinks and food several times during our hour long wait with nothing more than an \"ok\" as a response.  Our bill comes and we noticed they didn't charge us one of the iced coffees.  Candidly, given the wait and the spillage, I was going to ignore it.  I thought a free drink was the least they could do.  Nope - the waiter comes back and says, \"Oh, I forgot to add the iced coffee.\"\n\nSuffice it to say that I will not be coming back to Pho 602.  As noted earlier, this is unfortunate given their good food.  However, the horrible service, long (unnecessary) wait and clear disregard to make any attempt for a decent dining experience cannot be overlooked.  I noted in my last review that if Pho 602 could get over their service issues, they'd do really well.  However, it seems they've regressed in that area substantially.