I was recently a part of an Escape Chambers experience after a recommendation from a co-worker that participated.  I planned a birthday party for the hubs and 9 of us got together to bust some drug dealers and diffuse a bomb.\n\nNavigating the website was a little wonky and not the easiest thing in the world, but I heard from their Madison employee (yes all 1 of them) that they are working on updating it, so I hope that goes live soon.  Also finding the place was kind of a hoot.  It says that it's next to The Cheba Hut, but it doesn't say that it's in a building that has random offices for things like lawyers (presumably not the expensive kind), acupuncturists, dentists, etc.  Thankfully there was an Escape Chambers sign in a window that let us know, we were indeed in the right place.\n\nWhen we got there we were greeted by the game master Keely who was super friendly and casually chatted with us while we waited for the rest of our group to arrive.  They had some couches for us to sit on, but it quickly became crowded when 7 of our party was there and 8 of another party (of 16 year old girls....shudder) were there as well.  \n\nOnce we all arrived Keely took us to our room across the hall, explained the rules and guided us through our backstory of being DEA agents and needing to find drugs and cash.  She was an excellent game master and did a great job of explaining everything while being amusing, I appreciated her style of instruction as well as her cleverly worded clues we received during our hour.\n\nReally my only complaint is that at $30 a person, it's a little steep for only an hour of entertainment.  Each room they currently have takes up to 10 people (though I think 6 or 7 is more ideal) and they have groups potentially starting every 2 hours.  With two different scenarios operating at the same time, they theoretically are making a good amount of money.  I felt that our room was well themed given the scenario, but I would be interested to see what a room that had a more intense theme would look like.  For instance, how far will they go to make a cellar or dungeon really feel like one?  \nI would definitely be more inclined to go again if the per person charge was closer to $15, maybe $20, but overall I really enjoyed our experience.