STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS! They sold me a new car under misrepresentation. \n\nI purchased my new Jeep there a few months ago in March. I was in the middle of working on my US visa and they dealership knew I needed to import it to the US. (I went to a few dealerships and was upfront about that.) And they even helped me check if it was technically compatible with the US market. They were definitely aware of my situation.  \n\nThe whole process took 5 days and it was exhausting. I was originally going to buy used Jeep and pay it off fully. Instead, I was sold into buying a more expensive car with 0% financing, which is a good deal BUT not for my situation. Can't take a car to the US with financing because the bank puts a lien on the car and you can't register a car with a lien, nor import at the boarder when entering with your visa. No one bothered to inform me that financing prevented me from importing the car. \n\nI wasn't being heard and was steered into something that is now a huge & costly problem. I have to pay off the car in order to take it with me -- I have I month to come up with 30K or get a personal load with interest! So much for that 0% interest deal. The sales rep, the sales manager, who did the negotiations (who i didn't like nor trust), and the finance girl all clearly knew my situation and continued with the financing and all failed to inform me the bank puts a lien on the car and that I don't legally own it, it's the bank's property! I found this out from my moving company when discussing the importing regulations just days before writing this review. \n\nWhen I was dealing with the finance girl (Jessie Bains, who allegedly, according to my sales guy, just came in one night and packed her things and never showed up again at work?!), I was asking her if the warrantee was valid in the US and she assured me yes, (ya, ONLY if I register the car in the US which it needs to be imported FIRST). \n\nI have never financed a car, my last car I had for 18 years and without any financing (sadly, it died just before buying this one). I do like this Jeep and that's the type of car I wanted to buy, except I wanted a back up camera and they ignored that request as well. I actually realized later it didn't have it after repeating my need for one. They even offered to charge me and extra $800 to instal a camera after the sale!?! Ugh! They just want more money and don't care if you are a satisfied customer. \n\nDuring the negotiations, I did complain that they tried to fit ME to the car and not fit the car to me. That made the whole process even more exhausting. They just wanted to get rid of their inventory and who cares what I wanted in a car. \n\nGo somewhere else where they'd listen to your needs and properly inform you on legalities of the sale. I believe the people working here are shady, and completely uninformed and that could end up being costly for you in the end, like it is for me. I have other complaints but this is the main one. \n\nI'm currently speaking to a lawyer about this. \n\nThe 1 star is really a -1 star.