Magoo's is located in the Kingsway Mills Plaza on Dundas St. W (@ Royal York).  It's actually a decent little plaza that is home to Bruno's Fine Foods, Sanelli's Fine Foods, David's Chocolate Store, Java Joe's, Mastermind Toys, The Party Store and several other little shops.  My office is on the eastern side of this plaza so I pretty much know most of the purveryors in the plaza on a first name basis.  \n\nMagoo's is a family owned business.  A couple of siblings have been flipping up burgers for the neighbourhood for about two decades now.  The burgers are awesome.  They come in two sizes (the smaller being a 4 ouncer) and are cooked perfectly.  Like most burger places Magoo's offers up the combo choice.  Combo's here run about $9 (usual burg, fries & a fountain drink\/water).  You pay, give them your name and just as your burger is almost cooked they yell out for you and you tell them what you want on your hunk of meat.  Toppings include bruschetta, hot peppers, red onions, a choice of different styled mustards, bean sprouts, cucumbers, Magoo sauce and all the other usual condiments.  There are three cheese choices (ain't no plastic cheese available here) and they grate the cheese up in small shreds and pile it high on the bun and then plunk the burger down on top of it so by the time you wrap your lips around it the cheese has melted nicely.  \n\nI love their Get Back Sandwich which is three large juicy slices of grilled back bacon on a bun and I dressed it up like a giant BLT.  Shakes are awesome, very traditional styled and like the burgers, come in two sizes.  I absolutely love the fries here.  Crispy, hot and golden.  Sometimes in the mid afternoon a couple of us will scoot on over and grab a few boxes of fries for an afternoon snack.  As soon as they are out of the fryer they put that season salt on them so beware, they don't need much more seasoning after that.  \n\nMagoo's does offer a veggie burger, gawd only knows why a vegetarian would go into what is solely a burger spot for lunch.  Whatever.  You can also purchase the Magoo burgers fresh\/frozen to take home and cook yourself.  In my opinion Magoo's is far, far superior to Lick's Burgers, the burgers themselves taste much better.  I don't know what it is that Lick's is putting in to their burgers these days but I always feel like I need to drink a gallon of water afterwards.  \n\nHeads up, Magoo's deals strictly in a cash only sell.  No ATM cards, No CC's.  There is a TD Canada Trust a couple of doors away so make sure to bring cash in with you.  This is also a very family friendly place so be ready....there are kids everywhere and this is a noisy place.  Out front are a three small patio tables so if the echo chamber inside of kids yelling isn't your bag then you can always sit outside.