I would love to give Hogtown Vegan 4 stars because I honestly LOVE the food there! However, their service is absolutely TERRIBLE! I have been going there regularly since they opened, and for the first month or so I attributed it to it being new, but they still haven't gotten their act together so I am going to give them only 3 stars. If you are in a rush do not eat here. If you have time and want to check out some of the best vegan food Toronto has to offer, then it is worth the wait. Here is a bit of a breakdown:\n\nFood: The food is absolutely delicious, the portions are generous, and the food is very filling! I am a huge fan of the unchicken and waffles. My friends and I have loved every single dish we have had here. I also went there for their Thanksgiving meal, and it was delicious! If I were solely rating the food at Hogtown, then I would give them 4 stars. Compared to other vegan restaurants in Toronto I would give Hogtown 5 stars, but they cannot compare to great vegan restaurants like Millenium in San Francisco or Karyns on Green in Chicago. There is no other place like it in Toronto!\n\nAtmosphere: The restaurant is casual, the vibe is quite relaxed, and a bit on the Hipster end of the spectrum.\n\nLocation:\nA great location and easily accessible via the subway!\n\nService: As I mentioned the service here is terrible. My most recent visit was the worst experience I have had thus far at Hogtown. We were a party of 2, and we waited at the door for no less than 15 minutes before the waitress even acknowledged us. I would normally have said something sooner, but I knew I was going to write up a review so I waited. There were 6 other people ahead of us and 4 more people waiting behind us. She should have acknowledged all of us much sooner than that. We didn't get a table for about 30 minutes. No one was ever offered the seats at the small bar in the back either. Hogtown seats ~30 people. My negative experiences there suggest that they need more than 1 server at a time! One person to seat, serve, process orders and clear tables is simply not enough! Not only did we wait 30 minutes to sit down, but we then waited 15 minutes to give our order! My other experiences here have been better, however, the service was still unspeedy and quite lacking.\n\nAdditional comments:\nThey now serve a nice selection of alcohol, and I particularly appreciate their selection of beer! The only desserts they offer are chocolate. It would be nice if they had something for those that dislike or cannot eat chocolate.