Recently my air conditioning went out in my home. This was on a Sunday. . I started to run the gambit and make several phone calls to several companies.  I had two companies that told me there is an additional charge for weekend service calls. .I'm not sure if it was the actual technician I was speaking to or the actual office?  Because one of the persons gave the sense that they just didn't want to be bothered. I was told by another person it would be Wednesday before they could come out and depending on what was wrong with the air conditioner. .they may or may not have the part and might have to be ordered. I really don't like to name drop..but one company who claims the YES man can. ... tried to get me to buy a new air conditioning system over the phone without ever even coming out to my home....? after getting completely frustrated with him.. I asked where he got his crystal ball at that told him I need a new system without even looking at it?  And does it tell him that I work hard for my money and it's American money which means it spends everywhere. .just not with them! I got to A Tech and spoke to the gym who answered the phone. He told me there is no extra charge just because it's the weekend and they could come out later that day. After sweating all day in my home plus worrying that in going to have to max out the credit card to fix my A\/C. I was a little bit short tempered when the Tech arrived.  He was calm and confident that he could figure out what was wrong and get it fixed ASAP . After about 15-20 minutes he informed me that it is the condenser motor.. he had one on his truck and could get my A\/ C going in about one hour. Fearing for my wallet..arm..armed a leg..? He gave a price and informed me he likes to use a high temperature motor that usually lasts longer in hotter temperatures.  But doesn't charge extra. When I asked him why he didn't try to get a whole lot more money for this type of motor?  He looked at me and replied. . I work hard for my money and would not feel comfortable ripping people off..instead.. give them their monies worth. . It's just the right thing to do.  I then apologized for my short attitude with him.. he interrupted me by saying. .he understands and he never even noticed my grouchiness.  After installing the motor he went through the air conditioner and checked everything else out. He told me. .sure it has issues. .it's an older unit.. but it still has alot of life left in and just have it serviced on a regular basis. . And it would help to prevent future problems and gives a heads up on issues that may be coming up. I felt very comfortable spending the money with him..even bought a Mantainance contact with him to service it. I also thanked him for his Integrity and for explaining what was wrong where I could understand what he was talking about. He said to me..  I'm the company owner and demand the same for his office and field staff. If you care about your hard earned money and home as much as I do? I highly recommend using them. Clean work. .honesty. .and Integrity. .what I feel was fair prices. . Without hesitation.. I will use them in the future everytime.