Yes!  I hadn't had Korean BBQ in so long.  We had a booking for about a dozen and we ended up getting two tables that seated 6+.  The difference between the tables that seat 4 and the ones that seated 6 is the 4 seaters only had one burner in the middle while the longer 6 seat tables had 2 burners.  It's such an advantage to have 2 burners for 6 (1 for every 3 people) as opposed to only having one burner for 4 because the cooking can basically be expedited.\n\nFor dinner on a Thursday, the special of the day is that they provide lamb at no extra charge.  Each guest for AYCE is basically about 23 dollars (plus tax and tip) which isn't bad considering AYCE for dinner is some places can be more.  While it can seem the place gets busy and it was when we were there last night, the service was still pretty much on top of things as far as getting what we asked for.  Mind you yes, there were some things that were missed for whatever reason (them dumplings though...) for the most part asking for refills on drinks, asking for more food etc were taken care of in reasonable amounts of time.\n\nBeing a table of six (not including the other table because they are ordering for themselves), the first go around we had basically asked for everything to get a taste and see what we liked.  When I say everything I mean the meats and seafood and only a couple veggies.  Let's me honest here, veggies are complements to a meal like this, not a main considering you're paying for AYCE.  For somebody like me I consider veggies a \"misallocation of spatial resources\".\n\nWith this AYCE meal the menu also has a variety of other non-having to cook yourself options like the evasive fried dumplings, starters like miso soup or wakame salad and a decent variety of sushi whether nigiri, temaki or maki cut rolls.  Yes, you can get your starches in the form of rice if you don't want to only eat BBQ'd things.  \n\nKeep in mind there is a 2 hour limit for dinner because you know this window of opportunity must end at some point.  We actually took the full two hours and considering everybody at the table was busting but we still had to cook our own meats and seafood, that's fair.  The cooking itself doesn't take long for a majority of the items.  Things like chicken and bacon, yes you want to make sure those items are NOT undercooked but the beef slices, short ribs, lamb are thin enough that they cook rather quick.  All the seafood generally speaking (salmon, squid rings, etc) they too cook very quickly.  Some of the seafood however sometimes sticks to the grill but there's nothing you can really do about that.  After realizing what our favorite selections were we dropped what we didn't enjoy as much and ordered heavier on what we liked.  The lamb is very thin so if you want more you'll have to ask for more at once.  The beef short ribs were also a favorite at the table so we had stacks of those too.\n\nThe burner is hot and the goal is to keep it always cooking something and to remove it when it's done so yes, it's a nonstop team effort of getting things put on the grill, clearing the dishes they came in and stacking them at the end of the table as well as turning the food to ensure proper preparedness.  Oh and you get to eat the fruits of your labor too (bonus).  Just because you cook the food yourself doesn't mean the servers are not pulling their weight.  KBBQ gives you the freshest made meat and seafood possible because you're eating it right off the grill while it's still sizzling.  The amounts of plates the servers have to bring back and forth is basically along the lines of any AYCE place where trips to tables is practically excessive so it's not just a drop plates and see you later kind of deal.  \n\nWhen the circular grill gets too charred with food, they will replace it for you.  Once you get the hang of how to maximize cooking and what takes how long to cook your team can be a like an Olympic rowing team.  Get in synch to cook and consume as much as you can in your two hour window.  \n\nWhile each diner is given a set of tongs I recommend using one set as \"dedicated raw food\" tongs.  These are the tongs you use for handling the food directly from the containers in which they came.  Use another set to turn the food and use another set to take the cooked food off the grill.  Try not to use the \"raw\" tongs with handling the cooked food etc.\n\nOh by the way there's a 10% discount for checking in with Yelp as well.