Stink, stank, stunk. \n\nI totally appreciate trying to bring something nice to the North Side. And I totally appreciate what they're going for with the old timey bakery, but it just wasn't very good. Granted I had high expectations from the reviews on here (and yelpers almost never let me down!), but no. I stopped in to grab a half dozen for my grandparents and decided to try the \"panini.\" I've had a better egg sandwich on an airplane! And I wish that was an exaggeration... It wasn't even real egg - it was one of those frisbee disks - powdered egg or whatever it is. GROSS. From a place that prides itself on homemade and old world... Nah. The bread was soggy, the tomato was hard, and it was honestly so bad I threw half of it away (and I was hungry!). \nAlso, the service... I was trying to ask questions, get that local flavor, and the woman wasn't really feeling it. I asked her if the meat was local; she looked at me like I spoke Mandarin. For a city with access to so many farms and local distributors, I think that a place trying to sell itself as 'local' and 'traditional' would try to offer some local and traditional options... you know? But the counter woman hurriedly took my order and immediately wanted payment, after which she disappeared and a new gentleman came to the front of the store. He then waited on the incoming customers, and NO ONE gave me my donuts!! I already paid, the supply was dwindling, and they were waiting on new customers\/getting rid of the donuts while I just stood there. I mean... that's just POOR business. After a couple people I marched to the front and asked to get my box, which I could tell the people in line thought to be rude, but I thought the service was rude. Sorry, guys. Then I went to fill my coffee cup - the decaf (yes, I'm one of those) was empty. Seriously?? hahaha, oh man.\nClearly after these mishaps I was itching to write a review (which I only ever do if the place is amazing or terrible), but I remembered that my grandparents still had yet to try the donuts. Hey, they could be well worth my annoyances! But no, they were not. The cruller was dry, almost stale tasting, and the buttercreme-filled was not particularly filled. I'm sorry, but the creme is the best part - clearly that's the point of said donut - so why would you skimp at a donut shop?? However I do have to say that the chocolate icing was very good. I have to give credit where it is due, but it was not even close to being able to make up for the rest of the place. \n\nEpic fail. As I recently moved to the area it would have been nice to find a nice spot to frequent, but no thank you!