I know the star rating was 4.5 at the time I went but I really did not believe that I would be following suit.  Located in the SLS right on the casino floor and getting a table right at the front I thought I would hate this experience because of seating location.  The good thing I guess was casino was empty and the table game right there did not have anyone playing.  The host sat us down and I asked her what does she like, she said the lamb hawarma but cautioned it is small...in my head in like it is tapas place mostly everything is small. \n\nThe waiter came by and mentioned to use the tasting menu is a great way to go. I think there were two options one for 65pp or 45pp.  It looked good but I wanted freedom to try whatever would wanted so we passed.  He also mentioned the lamb  shawarma as his favorite item so we got that, falafel, 3 kebabs (2 chicken, pork belly) with saffron rice, mushroom Flatbread.\n\nFalafel was mainly for the wife because I only like it one particular place in NY. \n\nKebabs were great. Chicken came still on the skewers and the pork belly was just on the place. Pork Belly was my 2nd favorite item. The top had a nice crunch and under had a great meat to fat ratio that created juicy gelatin explosion of flavor in my mouth. I really enjoy the rice too. \n\nThe lamb shawarma was small. The moist, flavorful lamb fill to the max in a tiny pita (that sounds funny).  S*** this was so good, amazingly good, the level of goodness can't really be described. This was literally one of the best things I have ever eaten in life. I could order 3 of these and just have it as a meal and be completely satisfied, probably have a heart attack when I was finished though.  This is a must have item imo if you visit Cleo. \n \nThe Flatbread came last and at this point we were pretty full and I was lamb shawarma drunk so I really don't remember the taste of it. \n\nWe had a very cocktails that were made nicely as well.\n\nWait staff was great on service and being attentive to us.\nOne thing that did annoy me though was the uniform of the ladies on the wait staff.  The women wore these open bow tie with their white shirts...it looks disheveled.\n\nHopefully it can survive the horrible location that the SLS currently has when more projects are completed up north