I was not impressed with this restaurant. I came here for dinner and the menu was very limited for someone who is both gluten and dairy free.\n\nThe Breakdown:\nFood: Not so great; Not allergy friendly\nService:  Excellent \nAmbiance:  Nice\n\nWe started our meal with some oysters, which tasted delicious!  I have to give them credit for having yummy oysters but they only had two varieties to choose from. We ordered both to try and I really liked the Raspberry Points oysters, which were much more sweet and creamy than the French Kiss oysters. However, my friend preferred the French Kiss oysters. \n\nThe menu had what looked like an amazing swordfish dish but the waitress told me the chef would not be able to make it dairy free. At other restaurants, they would be more than willing to customize the dish to my dietary restrictions. I was kind of surprised by this attitude and slightly disappointed. \n\nI ended up ordering the rainbow trout plain with no seasoning since it was the only thing the waitress recommended for my diet. I found the fish creamy but it was really bland. I slathered lemon juice all over it but it still didn't have a lot of flavour. My meal also came with vegetables, which were supposed to be steamed but they were very flavourful and my friend said they tasted like they had butter on them as his were supposed to be steamed as well. Let's just say, he was probably right because shortly after I ate my meal, I began to have terrible stomach cramps and other issues associated with lactose intolerance.\n\nMy meal also came with mini potatoes. I have to say, the potatoes were the most flavourful thing on my entire plate. They tasted delicious!\n\nI was very happy with the service. Our waitress did an amazing job at refilling our water and checking in on us. The view of the harbour was also really nice and I enjoyed the live entertainment. \n\nWith that being said, I would probably not return to this restaurant. Diana's oyster house does a much better job at preparing yummy seafood and they have a much more extensive oyster menu with lots of variety to choose from.