I am disappoint.  \n\nWhen the original Firebirds opened in Stonecrest, many moons ago, it was my favorite restaurant in Charlotte to go to.  Tender, juicy beef and well prepared sides.  The SouthPark location is either an anomaly in an otherwise fine restaurant group, or Firebirds has fallen into chain complacency and just isn't trying anymore.\n\nOn a rainy Tuesday, a little ahead of the dinner rush (if there even was a rush, there were plenty of tables available when we left at 8:00), I was eagerly anticipating a juicy piece of prime rib with a loaded baked potato that I had been dreaming of since we named the date for our monthly dinner outing.  Imagine my sadness when I was told by a manager that the whoozle-what in the oven kerplopped and the prime rib was a dried out mess (he explained what happened, but after I got the gist that I wasn't getting the dinner I wanted, I tuned him out).  He said he would return after getting my re-order, but never did.\n\nThe food:\nComplimentary bread with butter:  Delightful.  Crunchy exterior, soft interior, delicious with a chunk of butter.\n14 oz ribeye ($26) - (instead of the prime rib that I wanted) - Firebirds and Outback must share a meat delivery - mediocre piece of meat that was on the other side of the medium that I ordered, and dry.  The portion that would have been up against the bone was the tastiest portion, the rest was just meh and a little chewy.  The loaded baked potato that was served with it was barely warm enough to melt the butter.  And the entree came moments after I did the re-order, along with my date's medium-well filet - are you pre-cooking the meat?  How did it get done so quickly?\nBig Daddy Chocolate Cake ($7.25) - more like Shrimpy Weirdo Cousin Stu's cake.  Aside from the raspberry sauce it was served with, you could get the exact same cake right now at any grocery store bakery section.  Moist to the point of squishy, not good.  When 2 gals (at least one of which has the PMS) who love to eat don't finish a piece of chocolate cake, there is something wrong.\n\nService was fine, he kept up with my refills for the most part.  Parking is a joke - condo only, 30 minute, 15 minute, only a certain tenant, only between 9 and 5 or some such crap - I shouldn't have to stop and read the writing in a space, I should just be able to park.  Valet parking is also available though, which I noticed when I was walking in.\n\nTotal for dinner (1 ribeye, 1 filet, 1 cocktail, 1 soft drink, 1 piece of chocolate cake) was $82 before tip and it was absolutely not worth it.  I have no problem paying for what a meal is worth and this did not hit the mark.  Not at all.  I won't be returning to this location, and with all the restaurants in my fine city now, I may have to break up with Firebirds completely if this is the quality that is now the standard.