I am not a stranger of Freed's Bakery cakes - I was surprised with a gorgeous half-sheet white cake, Bavarian cream filing, buttercream frosting, with fresh orchids and glitter for decoration on my 24th birthday - however, I have yet to be a customer until this past May. At work, almost everyone's birthday was celebrated with a 7\" round cake, we would receive other types of cakes for holidays, and it was always so delicious. One cake that stood out to me was their Strawberry Shortcake. The white cake was always so fluffy, the strawberries and whipped cream filling\/frosting so light and fresh; just an all-around crowd pleaser.\n\nSo, I thought that I would surprise my dad with that very cake for his birthday. My parents had yet to try a Freed's cake and after tasting the Strawberry Shortcake, they were HOOKED! My mom, who is picky as hell, had only one favorite cake, the Guava Cake by Saint Germain\/Dee-Lite Bakery in Hawaii, for the last many years. Yeah, Guava who? She said that Freed's Strawberry Shortcake is now her favorite cake ever! Oh boy. So, I ordered one for her birthday this month. Of course, she was thrilled and didn't really want to share it lol! \n\nMy experience with ordering over the phone has been really great. Extremely helpful staff, even when I had multiple questions about their speciality cakes and different options. Pick up has been easy and they even send you e-mail invoices! I LOVE their Yelp check-in offer of six FREE cookies! My last trip, I bought a small box (cookies are sold by weight) and most of my selections were really delicious. I don't like that almost all of them are dipped in chocolate, but I know that's probably just me. I think the prices are fair too. The 7\" round is approximately $28 and a quarter-sheet is approximately $44. There is a 10\" round that feeds as many people as the quarter-sheet, but I'm not sure on the price.\n\nOnly complaint is that they have several decorators and apparently, you can't request the type of writing for personalized messages since each decorator has their own handwriting style and you don't know who will be decorating your cake. I don't want my beautiful cake ruined by messy handwriting. Most bakeries that I'm used to have a standard of how messages are (beautifully) written and I think that's great for quality-control and customer satisfaction. If someone isn't artistic in that way, they shouldn't be doing it. You don't see a Starbucks location with ugly boards, they always seem to have someone extremely talented writing\/drawing that stuff!\n\nEdit (09\/01\/13): I ordered a 1\/4-sheet chocolate cake with fresh strawberries and Bavarian cream filling, covered in chocolate buttercream for my fiancé's surprise birthday party a month in advance. As I indicated before, I was specific on the writing, even sending a photo of one of their cakes with the writing I admired. I am very happy to say that the result was exactly what I wanted! I didn't know what the \"masculine scroll\" would be, but said \"yes\" when asked if that's what I wanted on the cake and I really like it! The only thing that surprised me was the color of the writing and decoration - I didn't even think to specify on those colors nor was I asked during my consultation. Had either of those things happened, I would have requested his favorite color. Nevertheless, three shades of blue were chosen and it was nice. In the end, the cake was amazingly delicious and everyone was raving about it at the party! Also, I was able to get 18 nice-sized pieces of cake from the 1\/4-sheet.\n\nI learned a few lessons through my experiences, allowing me to share tips with the rest of you. Firstly, I think I'd prefer to have my next cake consultation in person. It was a lot more complicated over the phone to explain what I wanted and to see the options available even with the website and their Facebook page at my disposal. Secondly, specify every detail! I'm peeved that I wasn't asked for all choices of the cake details, but I'm taking blame for not thinking thoroughly. I will never forget decoration colors again! Thirdly, do not go there when you're in a hurry. For some odd reason, organization is almost non-existent during pick-up and every time I've been there, either someone doesn't know how to use the register or isn't paying attention. There weren't any customers waiting when I went in and almost immediately, one of the staff members became available (after assisting another customer) and it took 10 minutes just to find the cake and for me to pay.