We live in Ballantyne, so there is plenty of sushi around us but I saw a Living Social deal and have tired of the same ole same ole cherry blossom role or Village Roll at Jade, or the Yum Yum at 18, and even the Tuna Maki 101 at Sushi 101. They are all good of course, but this new place was worth at least a try. It isn't IN Ballantyne, but nearby in Pineville, but I have to say, the short drive was worth it. I went with my sushi loving teenage daughter on a Saturday night around 8pm. The parking lot and the place was fairly empty, so I was worried at first, but it is down on the right across from the mall, with only a hotel there behind it, so as for location and visibility, this place needs to do some more serious marketing like they did for their grand opening when they had a billboard on I-485 and other advertising and stay consistent with it because its semi hidden location could become its downfall. Overall, the decor is nice, we sat at the sushi bar, there was only one other couple seated there. Service was good and the staff friendly. The sushi is fresh and professionally prepared by obviously experienced sushi chefs. One recommended the Tuna Cube, which had a limited description but we went ahead with it and it was awesome! It really isn't a \"cube\" but 6 pieces of bite size sushi (not rolled). We also ordered a Bombay Roll which is spicy crunchy tuna topped with eel, avocado & fish roe (excellent!), a Volcano Roll which is salmon, tuna & yellowtail fried, topped w\/roe, scallions & special sauce (also excellent!) and finally, The Sky Roll, tuna, avocado, spicy mayo & crunchy topped w\/shrimp, tuna & salmon. We found this roll to be a tad clunky, maybe because of the thick cut of the pieces, they had recommended the  EBTKS Roll that has tuna, salmon, eel, yellowtail, lobster salad, and tempura flakes with the chef's special dressing but we had ordered the Sky Roll instead. We will definitely go with the EBTKS Roll instead on our next trip. The owner and his partner spoke with us for a few minutes, they were very nice, and indicated the location was problematic. Apparently they have a Lake Norman restaurant together as well but it isn't name Sky I don't believe. I sure hope they figure out a solution for the location issue quickly, it is a good asian fusion place worthy of your time and $$!  Definitely go and eat there!