Summary - mediocre fish fry; some ok microbrews; decent service\n\nMy husband, myself, and our 2 1\/2 year old stopped in for dinner. First up, the drinks. My husband had the triple abbey ale. It was very good with a nice. light, fruity finish. I had their pumpkin ale. The glass was rimmed with a 'special spice blend' which had me concerned right away. A good beer doesn't need a garnished rim unless it does something to enhance the flavor. I'm pretty certain the spice blend (brown sugar and some spices) was designed to mask the blandness of the brew. It tasted very watery and bland. Not much flavor, much less pumpkin. It tasted like  Miller Lite with darker food coloring and a sugar rim. \n\nNext, the food. My husband and I both opted for the Friday fish fry and chose baked cod. I chose a baked potato and my husband their cheesy hashbrowns. Our son had mini hotdogs with applesauce from the kids menu. Both my husband's and my fish was overcooked, bland, and rubbery. The slaw was standard fare with some dried cranberries thrown in. I took one bite and ate no more.My baked potato was lukewarm at best and the combination of gummy and dry that comes from sitting in a heating pan for too long. My husbands cheesy hashbrowns were underdone hashbrowns mixed with cheese and nothing else. There was no flavor to them at all. My son's hotdogs were lukewarm and the buns were pretty dry. We did like the fact there were 2 small hot dogs there, though. \n\nWe were able to be seated right away when we arrived, even though they were busy. One of the hostesses stopped at our table to take our drink order and let us know our server was busy changing a keg and would be right with us. Once we ordered our drinks, our waiter was back to deliver them shortly after and took our order. Our food did not take long to arrive at table, either. Although, i would have rather waited longer for better\/fresher food. \n\nI'd be willing to go back one more time and try something off the regular menu. But definitely skip the Friday Fish Fry. Also, I'll probably ask to try a beer before I order a full serving next time.