Tender steakhouse was a nice meal. It wasn't knock your socks off great. It nice. We had 75$ coupon and still spent about 140$ additionally. Bread was very good. We started with the soup trio. It can out warm but not hot like I enjoy soup. I doubled the lobster bisque and had a mushroom soup. All was good but not super memorable. I had a flat iron steak @32$ that was very gristly and had to be sent back. This angered me to no end because I'm literally sawing into this supposed tender piece of meat like I have a hacksaw cutting metal. Saw saw grind grind. Literally can't cut it. The waiter (big guy with trouble tucking his shirt into his pants reminded me a bit do Dan Connor from Rosanne but not funny) makes a snide comment about it being a knife and a steak and you have to cut it. Really? Seriously? I'm 52. I've cut a few steaks in my life. Jeeesh. I finally had to ask for a manager by the assistant to our waiter. Manager came over and was very apologetic and took it away. Finally waiter came by and said \"looks like you got that one in a 100 bad ones huh?\" By the time the new steak came out our lobster risotto was now cold and still had some undercooked rice. Just an annoying crunch here and there. My husband had a bone in ribeye which he enjoyed and a baked potato that was fine. We started with a salad that had bacon. I can't remember the. Are but was very good and we split it. For dessert we had a trio. This was probably the thing most disappointing. We had asked our waiter what was good. He said well you don't get chocolate soufflé at many places. Ya ok but is it GOOD?  Not really. It went in like this and finally got trio. Usually on a trio you get smaller sizes but still generous. This was ridiculous. One bite snacks. The only thing we could get more than a bite of was cream brûlée. The cheesecake was tasteless. \n\nOur server was lackluster heavy set man who did not seem at attentive. His assistant was better. The ambience was very nice dark woods and comfortable tables that are a fair space between each other. Food 21\/2 stars. Ambience 5. Service 2. Of this hadn't been a 200$ plus tip meal,  things could have been forgiven easier but at that price point with no alcohol, it should have been STELLAR.