I saw a video on Shake Shack vs In-N-Out, and was super stoked that Shake Shack was coming to AZ. I rarely venture to the east coast, so this was the perfect opportunity for a taste of their burgers. Being from CA, I'm a huge fan of In-N-Out, and simply can't help comparing these two places. First off, the burgers at Shake Shack are double the prices at In-N-Out. A double-double at In-N-Out is $3.50. A double hamburger at Shake Shack is $6.59. \n\nI had the single Smoke Shack burger, which is a cheeseburger with bacon and chopped cherry peppers. Overall, this burger was overly greasy. The meat was tender and flavorful. I really enjoyed the cherry peppers which added a unique touch and complemented the burger well. However, the ShackSauce did not blow me away. The sauce ran on the ordinary side compared to In-N-Out's addicting spread. My boyfriend paid $9.64 for his Smoke Shack double, which was really worth $6-7 max. I was pumped up to try their crinkled cut fries. To my disappointment, the fries were equivalent to frozen fries anyone can purchase at the grocery store. Fries were poorly seasoned and lacked that fresh taste. I have to say that the best part of this meal was the shake. I had a delicious salted caramel shake, malted with whipped cream. The shake was creamy with a good consistency, not too sweet. The other flavors available were chocolate, black & white, strawberry, peanut butter, and coffee Fair Shake. \n\nThe location is fairly new, so there was a line that was no more than a 10 minute wait. We ordered our food, and was given a buzzer. It was awesome that they have free wifi. There are four TV's distributed around the spacious dining area. Since we went on a weekend, it was quite busy. Some customers had to find seating in the outdoor patio when the indoor tables were full. I really liked the idea of having water and cups of water conveniently situated by the ketchup and mustard dispensaries. It would be nice to have access to some ice for the water. They also serve wine and beer. This is a very family-friendly place with a lot of children around.\n\nI conclude that this place does not live up to the hype. Personally, I would rather go to In-N-Out for their tasty burgers and fresh fries - all for an affordable price.