ZEROOOOOO. This is the first time I've every written a review, everrrr. And let me tell you, this is by far the most terrible place to live. May look nice, but very cheap renovations. I'm so happy that out of there, but still today this place is giving me hell. I have a list for days with these apartments. When I was living there they had a really bad (red) ant problem that was in my babies room. I addressed the issue and they had someone come in to spray my house but the guy that sprayed my house told me I was better off spraying Raid since its oil base, where as his spray was water base and would just fade away in days. Second, there turn around time with maintenance sucked. I remember when the day I got my keys, none of my outlets in my living area didn't work. And the Manager Karla, told me that I needed to put in a maintenance request in online and the next business day, which was after the weekend was over, they would get to it, which they did not even fix when they came in, I honestly didn't have a lamp in my living room and was getting light from my kitchen and dinning room. Third, after moving out no one offered to do a walk through with me to go over all the damages, also never sent me a bill for my damages, though they did have my phone number and could of called me if there was any billing problems. Well just recently I looked at my credit report and I'm in collections for nearly $1400. Which is ridiculous! I called the collections company to see what the charges were for, and half of the things on that list were not even my fault. More of lack of someone coming to help fix things. And to be honest there was very little damages that I have done! So I tried calling the office a few days ago requesting for those papers with those damages, the girl then transferred me to her Manager, Karla, saying that they switched systems and that only her manager can see it, which she didn't answer, called about 10 times after that, still no answer. Left a voicemail for an assistant manager, no call back. Then called again, claimed they were at lunch. Super inconvenient! Point is, DO NOT MOVE HERE! Unless you like, insects, unprofessional staff, and shitty quality EVERYTHING. Rant over.