They approve you easily for Credit and I spent over $12k in the store in 2\/2018. The Salesman was pretty good except he wouldn't print out a paper receipt for me. He said that you bought a new printer and since it included extra ink he didn't feel that he could provide me a paper copy since he had already emailed it to me. I had a choice of a small generic brand of a color tv or free delivery. Unfortunately neither was a good option. Danny the Delivery Manager and I are on a first name basis including as of yesterday when I called him at 623-882-2419. The first time I spoke with him was during the Delivery and installation of the items I unfortunately purchased from Conn's Warehouse on Stapely in Mesa. Today's date is 7-11-2018 and over a week ago Erica who works at travelers ins which is Conn's warehouses insurance company. They caused over $2k in damage to my home. I sent them my estimates which of course they said they never received. Erica sent her own adjuster and the damage to date is right around $2,500.00. As I said I was on the phone with Danny while the Delivery people which they subcontract out were damaging my home, improperly installing the furniture,the pedestals for the washer and dryer I even tipped them $50\/ea when they arrived and asked they do it correctly. There's a huge hole in my wall. They rushed through the job so quickly that I have had to take off work in excess of five occasions to wait for other technicians to come and install screws in the love seat, the over 1k $ recliner was also improperly put together, my washer and dryer were never leveled correctly because one guy was outside unloading the dishwasher while the other guy was dragging the new lg washer and dryer I just purchased, he dragged it over the protective basin tearing it completely, etc etc etc.  Here I am five months later and have yet to get it resolved. Had I not spent the extra few thousand and got the three year warranty by the way I have been treated the last five months I don't believe they would have returned without an exorbitant fee to return to my house and ensure that everything is in Working order and works. Erica at Travelers Ins had her insurance adjuster give her the estimate about a month ago and has yet to release the funds to me to repair the damage caused by the Delivery people of Conn's Warehouse on Stapely & 60. She told me this week if I want it repaired that I can pay for the multiple repairs including the tile and carpet and possibly the floor beneath it that I won't know if it needs replacing until I have it all torn up. She told me to pay for the repairs Conn's Delivery Drivers\/Installers caused to my Home and if they assume the liability she may reimburse me and after five months refuses to help me get closure. Run from this place! It's overpriced. There's no customer appreciation once you agree to purchase I would only refer people I dislike a lot to Conn's. There are many other places that appreciate their customers. Don't sell crap products for Gold prices. You get better customer service at Walmart. Buyer BEWARE!!!!!!! If anyone else has had a similar experience please reach out to me the more people suing this company the quicker they will get out of our State and Stop taking advantage of unknowing people. I'm not sure if they're treating me like this because of my age, sex, race or even my Physical disability. I do know that there is strength in numbers\nConn's is definitely the perfect name for this company. The con the public from start to finish