I have never in my life seen such an unprofessional manager or business owner. Whatever Mike is. I ordered a meal from McDonalds, had just enough to cover it with the delivery charge. Couldn't leave our house due to my daughter, who was asleep. Whatever. So I didn't put a tip down, so help me. Tipping is not mandatory, at all. We got that order no problem.\n\nAround 3:30 am when our child tax came in (we were kept up due to our daughter waking up) we were both gonna order something and eat and go to bed. So we ordered again off hungryeats for Denny's, after that's all said and done it comes to the part where you can only add a percentage or pay a tip at the door. I notbeing good with math did 0%, and I had no cash on hand or I'd tip in person. 20 minutes goes by then Mike calls me saying he wasn't gonna send a driver for the end of the night to deliver us food because there was no tip, so he himself was gonna cancel the order. When I called him back he went on a rant about how it's ABSOLUTELY mandatory and even when I offered to tip him if he canceled the order and I reordered with a tip he said \"no I'd rather refund you because I don't wanna deal with you.\" Then proceeded to tell me I'm cheap, because I didn't tip on a McDonald's order I barely was able to afford. After I got off the phone with him 10 minutes later my money still hadn't been refunded, until we called back. So I sure if I hadn't called he wouldn't of refunded. Meanwhile I told my parents about the whole ordeal to not use them, and my dad had messaged Hungryeats. To which he said word for word \"They ordered once from McDonalds at 1230 zero tip then orderd at 3:30 zero tip we refunded her driver doesn't need this kind of abuse be cheap somewhere else\" and then my father said \"nice copy and paste good job pal\" to which Mike, the guy who was running hungryeats (possibly the owner?) \"By the way your doughter is a crack head\"\n\n\nSo I'm being called a names because I didn't give this man a tip, a tip for horrible customer service. So I suggest if you don't want to be treated like trash, and I can see that I'm not the only one who's been treated like trash by the reviews I have read that you just stay with SkipTheDishes. At least they have decent customer service.