I used to go here often back in the day in 2008 and it was pretty good. I went there two weeks ago and has the most horrifying experience. \nI ordered the salmon bagel plate. \n\nI was happily eating my bananas, I went to grab my bagel to close it up (because it comes as an open face serving with the cream cheese on one side and the salmon with capers on the other). THANK GOD IT WAS OPEN! I saw a dark short hair on my salmon. I was immediately grossed out and called the waitress over. She brought the plate back to the kitchen and my friends and I just starred at them to make sure this would be made new. Instead they called over the other waitresses to look at the plate, then they called over kitchen staffed, then the chefs, pretty soon the whole staff of Westmount Tutti Fruitti was looking over my haired plate with surprised faces. \n\nThe chef made a new bagel. The waitress brought over my plate with the new bagel and THE SAME Fruit... the same original plate that the nasty hair was found on. And I knew this because my half eaten bananas were still there... \n\nI'm not being a diva but if there was a hair on that plate, I can not bring my self to want to touch anything on that plate. So I was very upset to see that A. The same plate was returned to me rather than the staff throwing the food out and starting with a fresh new plate. And B. the manager didn't even bother to apologize for this gross mishap. \n\nI didn't touch anything on the plate and all the food was left untouched. The waitress asked if we wanted the bill and saw my plate was FULL still and brought my bill. I noticed the plate was charged in FULL. And I asked why this was seeing as to how I couldn't even stomach one bite. She responded with \" Well, the chef made you a whole new bagel so we have to charge full price.\" \nI replied, \"I didn't touch my new bagel or any food because you brought me the original plate where I found the hair. \nShe left to speak to a manager and came back with the negotiate solution of \"half price\".\nI declined because why would I pay for food I didn't eat. I came to eat breakfast starving... and now I've been traumatized by the hair. The waitress went back to the manager and they removed the plate from my bill. \n\nTutti Fruitti has always been my favorite for breakfast and this experience has nothing to do with the chain at all but with the service and experience I had at this particular location. I still go to the chain here in Edmonton and they are above and beyond amazing with their food and service.  But I know that next time I come home to Montreal, I WILL NOT be going to Tutti Fruitti in Westmount... GROSS.