I'm giving Orange Sky a solid four stars for a great experience. It's not my favorite restaurant in town, but it definitely one that impressed me beyond belief! \n\nI visited Orange Sky months back when Talking Stick first opened and explored the restaurant sans guests, so I knew what I was walking into. However, I must say that it was even better the second time I went! \n\nTime was running out to participate in Restaurant Week so we looked at the list of restaurants and decided that this was the perfect chance to try Orange Sky. Luckily we made reservations because when we arrived, they said that it was full until 9 PM (this was at 7). Upon arrival at the hostess stand at the bottom floor, I noticed that they have a really strict dress code: no t-shirts, cut-offs, flip flops, shorts, and some others that I can't remember. Once they checked our reservation, we got into the elevator and I was pleasantly surprised to see that one of the walls is glass, allowing us to look out on the desert as we zipped up. We arrived on the 15th floor and walked out into a lively lounge equipped with patios, plenty of seating and even a pianist singing classic tunes. \n\nThe restaurant itself is intimate and very much like a restaurant you would find in a large city. Glass windows line the restaurant and they have plenty of private seating. They have rooms to the right that seat roughly 15-20 people, including a wine rack room. To the left, they have private niches that seat between 4-6 people with windows looking out on the skyline. The main section of the restaurant has plenty of booths and tables as well as other tables along the windows. Then the rooftop patio has couch seating as well as regular tables. They even offer light-up menus since it's dark. The patio would be a wonderful place to sit and grab drinks and food and they even have a staircase that goes directly down into the club on the 14th floor. \n\nMoving on to the food, it was pretty good. I started with the Artichoke bisque, followed by the game hen and ended the meal with a chocolate tarte. Everything was tasty. A couple things I noticed that stood out was when I asked our waitress what appetizer she suggested off of the prix fix menu, she said she didn't like one and hadn't tried the other and really did a pretty poor job of selling any of the items. I opted for the bisque without high expectations and it was a lot better then she sold it to be! Then for the wine, another waiter came by and asked us if we wanted refills on our cocktails. My bf opted for another beer and said so but I still had a half of glass of wine so didn't order another one. The second beer shows up and the next thing I know the waiter is pouring wine into my glass. I stopped him and said I didn't order a glass of wine and he said he thought he heard me say I did. I said I hadn't and at this point it was too late because the wine was already poured in. However, the waiter was very nice and since I hadn't asked for the wine, they didn't end up charging us for it. \n\nIn summary, I like Orange Sky and this is definitely a great option for date night, if you have visitors in town, or if you are staying at the casino. It's worth it to go for the ambiance alone.