If I could give less stars I would but there was not an option. I just left the school for the second time having the worst experience possible. A few months ago I went for a tour and the place looks very good I was interested in enrolling my son to the preschool. They were aware of his age and gave me the information needed and told me I had to be on a long waiting list and to call back in January. When I called back in January they told me to call back in another few weeks and gave me opposite information that I was given the last time. The lady had a horrible attitude each time I called with questions. She seemed rude and fake. I still was friendly . Finally I called up again today and the lady seemed helpful. She apologized for the confusion and told me that they would be able to except my son and had open availability even though my son was only 1 month younger then the cut off age and that they would make the exception and it was not a big deal. So I drove all the way there to fill out all the applications and paperwork. They showed me around again and they told me to speak with Miss dake and to hand my paperwork into her. After all of that she immediately ssaid they won't take him because he is a month younger than the cut off age. Meaning he was supposed to be two in September but instead he turned two in October. He is potty trained and advanced for his age as well. She gave me complete ridiculous excuse after excuse that made was nonsense to me. They seem to be fake and judge mental.  Not a school that I would like my son or myself associated with. The lady at the front desk Miss Glaser I believe it was. Made me fill out all the paperwork and seemed nice at first but I much rather someone be upfront and honest then to have me go back-and-forth with phone calls and driving up to the school wasting my time filling out paperwork only to be told there was no exceptions and other excuses!! I don't know how they can change their mind in telling me yes wishing 5minutes! It is very unprofessional and unorganized school and church. I didn't mind spending the extra money because first I thought the school would be worth it for my son. I will be enrolling my son at another school that is closer to my home where they treat us with common sense respect and for where my son is in safe hands. With people who actually care and are considerate. I think that is important when it comes to someone's character. I never received an apology of any sort. They seem to believe that this behavior is acceptable. I will also be contacting the Better Business Bureau. This is no way to be spoken to or treated especially coming from a religious preschool dealing with children.