I've eaten at Emporio Meatball Joint, the first floor restaurant of Sienna Mercato, several times before writing this review and the consistency of the high quality food and outstanding service is beyond impressive. After many meals with lots of different people in groups ranging between four and 14, the food always rocks and the service is always flawless.\n\nThe menu is has some great starters. My favorites include the crab balls, Buffalo chicken balls and the rocket salad. The entrees are all meatballs, which seems improbable, but with the three step fun process  -- pick your ball, pick your sauce and pick your preparation (and perhaps a side), the possibilities are endless and it never gets old. I'm a fan of keeping it simple with the saucy balls. Servers can often suggest some winning combinations with particular sauces and sides. There's an extensive craft beer selection that's heavy on local brews, some good cocktails and an adequate selection of wines.\n\nService is always on-point. I have to give the restaurant props for the ease with which they handle large tables. On at least two occasions I've had over a dozen people at a single table. Not only does the staff nail it by getting orders correct and having courses arrive at once, but upon request they cheerfully provide separate checks (yes, even for 12 persons!) and they make it look easy. I can think of a lot of restaurants that could learn a thing or two from the customer service that Emporio provides.\n\nThe atmosphere is fun and lively with a good soundtrack. Big windows at the front open to the sidewalk when the weather is nice. There are high-top tables in the bar available too.\n\nThere's no reservations,but it's a sizeable place and tables are always turning over. Plus, they use the No Wait smartphone app very effectively and the bar area is an inviting place to wait, as is Il Tetto, the third floor rooftop bar worthy of its own praise (as is Mezzo, the second floor restaurant).\n\nFor those unfamiliar with downtown Pittsburgh, it's worth nothing that the restaurant is very close to the convention center, Westin Hotel and Courtyard by Marriott and is only a few blocks from the theaters of the cultural district and the bridges that lead to PNC Park and the Warhol Museum.