Although I had driven past NODA Bodega (NDB) when it was at its previous location on 35th St., I never saw any reason to dine here.  Not that I had anything against the place, I just didn't know what they had to offer.  However, at the recommendation of some buddies that live in NODA, I decided to see what the fuss was all about.  Here's all the Info you need about NODA Bodega...\n\nParking:  One of the most appealing and probably underrated aspects of NODA Bodega is that it has its own parking lot!  I know this might not sound like a big deal, but if you live or go out in the NODA area, you know how crucial this is.  Don't get me wrong, I love to Uber, ride-share, walk and bike as much as the next person, however sometimes you just want to drive up to a spot, park, get out of your car and walk in.  You can do that here at NODA Bodega.  \n\nFood:  I've only been here a few times, so I'm, not super well-versed on the menu just yet, but I can vouch for breakfast, particularly the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich.  It was cooked to gooey, morning perfection (see pics).  Tater-tots are good.  They are cooked fresh to order and are served crisp and piping hot.  Don't forget about the Grits.  I'd heard a lot about the grits here and can def vouch for their legitimacy.  Served hot and cheesy you simply can't go wrong with the grits.  \n\nService\/Ambiance:  Service is super-friendly.  I've never had any issues with my order.  Although sometimes it can take some time for your food to be served, its usually never super long (thats what SHE SAID -  HAHA!).   Everyone I've interacted with there has been super chill yet professional - which is exactly what I'm looking for.  Aside from the service, I really love the custom art they have on sale\/display.  The artwork is always captivating and usually represents the city in some unique way.     \n\nAfter now having been to NODA Bodega twice, my vision is clear, I see exactly what everyone's been clamoring about...great sandwiches, local beers on draft, great service, and an establishment in NODA that actually has its own parking lot, how can you go wrong?!?