BUYER BEWARE!\nAvoid this place at all costs: I wish I read the reviews before ever coming here. \nSam's Spa is lucky to have customers that think highly of them, and for their sake, I truly hope their experience was a lot better than mine. \n\nFor starters: I bought a Groupon for a couple's massage as a belated birthday gift for a friend of mine who is female, and a Vegas resident. I scheduled my massage the day prior before I arrived in town. I found it strange that they didn't ask over the phone who would be there with me, and if we preferred a male or female masseuse, as is general standard practice for most massage businesses. \n\nToday, I arrive a few minutes late due to traffic after getting in town. The spa's staff is very caught off guard that there are two female clients instead of a man and a woman. \n\n(Granted, I'm not in the LBGT crowd, but if you are, I would definitely take note. )\n\nThe staff gives us a couple weird glances, and then gives us the forms to fill. Most spas ask their customers if they have any medical conditions, allergies, etc.; Sam's did not. All Sam's Spa forms asked were their client's contact information, how strong we wanted our massage, any notes, if we wanted lotion and\/or essential oil, and what amount (no notes as far as allergens), and a prefixed tip amount we could select after the massage. I should have taken this as red flag number 2, but I still proceeded. \n\nWe were shown our massage room, where they had two tables set up, but with foot soaking buckets at the base. A laminated sheet instructed us to disrobe until we were in our underwear, cover ourselves with the blanket, lay face up, with our feet in the bucket. It was a very awkward position, and not one that really geared towards relaxing a client. \n\nOur masseuses entered shortly. My friend had the female masseuse, and I had the male masseuse. To his credit, he did ask me if I was certain that I wanted a stronger touch as specified on the form. I said yes. We proceeded. My shoulders were very tight, and he did adjust his grip a bit, but, he hardly had any technique. I have had massages before, and you could tell that the masseuse had training and was aiming to get knots out. All he was doing was literally pressing, doing some gliding touches, and grinding into my skin. Then, he pulled my bra straps down without asking to get more area on my shoulders. He did the same with my legs, only that when the hot stones came, he didn't mention anything regarding the transition from touch to heat. \n\nWhen it came time to do my back, it became even more uncomfortable when he unsnapped my bra without asking. I kick myself now for not leaving then. The only reason I didn't was because I periodically checked on my friend. Her masseuse was at least giving her a massage to her liking. \n\nI tipped $20 (next to the above minimum of $15), and I left quickly. I just felt awkward and angry. \n\nIf you read the other reviews, yes, it is true that most of the staff there that day has a first language that isn't English. This isn't a deal breaker in my book, but what is a deal breaker is that some of the staff doesn't know it sufficiently well to communicate effectively with their clients. \n\nFrom now on, I will only be purchasing massages from accredited chains or spas like those in high end hotels. You get what you pay for, if not worse. Lesson learned.