During my daily ritual of scouring groupon now deals, I noticed R Salon was offering a $12 men's cut and I just happened to be in the market for a trim. Best yet, they're only a couple miles from my place in CenPho. I've never noticed this place before and legitimately so, they're hidden away behind the Bank Of America on Camelback and 20th street. \n\nAfter arriving the receptionist had mentioned they would give me the groupon price of $12, that I don't have to pay for the groupon to get it, unfortunately I had already purchased. Sorry about that, I know groupon gets their \"cut\" off the top which shrinks that $12 down some. I'll know better next time.\n\nYou get an A for effort for trying to bribe me with ice cold lemonade, but maybe next time you can use something other than country time. Again, nice effort with offering my wife a coffee while we waited; unfortunately, it was cold. I guess you don't claim to be a coffee shop, so I didn't really expect these frills to begin with. I did also see some boxed wine; which, I imagine is available for customer's also. Again, I commend you for the effort, but if you're going to do something, at least make a concerted effort on providing better quality frills. I think I would have preferred iced water with slices of lemon and lime for flavoring, and hot coffee instead of cold. If you weren't going to heat it up, you could have at least put it over ice and called it an iced coffee ;)\n\nI digress, I wasn't here to try out there barrista services anyway, so back to the main event. \n\nThe salon is different than what I expected. I guess I'm just used to the single room 10 chair setup you see at most places. There seemed to be 3 or 4 different rooms with chairs and stations for nails, hair drying, massages, and probably everything you might want from a salon. Which is sort of cool if that's what you're looking for; I imagine this is what most women want when they're looking to be pampered.\n\nI thought it was pretty cool and unique that all the stations were outfitted with metallic diamond plating and a Craftsman Rolling toolbox for their equipment storage (scissors, combs, brushes, etc.). They also have this cool vacuum installed into the wall where they swept the discarded hair into a corner of the room, stepped on a switch which ran the vacuum for a few seconds to collect the clippings. The stations and vacuum are definitely things I've never seen before.The floors and surrounding areas were all seemingly kept clean, which is more than I can say for other places; which I don't plan on returning to.\n\nRene came and found me after waiting for about 20 minutes, we walked back to his station and briefly spoke about what I was looking for. Pretty basic - a 3 razor on the sides and the back and the top trimmed short and blended in with the sides. Rene spent about 20 - 30 minutes chopping and cutting and I left with one of the better hair cuts I've had from a lot of the shops in the area.\n\nOver all I was happy with the cut I came in for but a bit disappointing with the unexpected frills. Again, not my original intention, but I do feel if you're going to do something, you might as well try to do it right. While the cut normally runs $25 I was out for $15 including the $12 groupon and tip. I'd like to say I will come back, but I'm just too dang thrifty to enjoy spending $25 + tip once every 6 or so weeks for a haircut. I'll likely return if I can catch you on another groupon deal though.