Well. This wasn't fun. \nWe ordered a Thai tea, spring rolls, pho and a combination bahn mi\n\nThe Thai tea is phenomenal,  I almost finished it before we got our appetizers. \n\nIt was very dead when we came in. It was us and one other lady who already had her food. So after we had been there 10 minutes and our server came up to tell me they were all out of combination bahn mi, I was a little confused. But it's a bahn mi. They don't take long to make, so I ordered the BBQ pork bahn mi. \n\nAt this point we got the spring rolls. Very fresh and not over cooked. Which was great. We are still wondering why it took 10 minutes to tell us about them being sold out of an item. \n\n5 minutes after we finished our spring rolls my bf gets his pho. And I wait. And wait. And wait. When my bf is just about done with his pho, she comes back and asks me if I want my bahn mi spicy or not spicy.... okay.... once again... couldn't this have been asked when I ordered my food? \n\nAnd finally... 5 minutes later. My bf is done with his pho and I get my bahn mi! Yay!.... but not really. Because as soon as I am about to take a bite of it. I find a hair inside my sandwich. \n\nLet's make this clear. If I had the bahn mi earlier and it had a hair. I wouldn't have made a big deal about it. But I had been sitting there for 20 minutes without an apology, and my bf is done eating. And I get a sandwich that will probably take another 20 minutes, and her response it to remake it.... but would I like another Thai tea? Or something else that's faster? \n\nI just wanted to get out of there. I was starving and didn't want to wait any longer for food, so we left. And I got tacos across the street\n\nOn a plus side... My bf said he loved the pho and that the pho in my side of town is better than his. \n\nI really want to give this place a second try. It's only 2 blocks from my house, and the reviews make it seem like this place is good. But I really don't think I will because of how this entire situation was handled, and everything that happened. Sorry Pho 90...\n\nI do blame myself a bit for what happened as I didn't pay much to the reviews in the last month which has shown that this place has REALLY gone downhill. Even if a place has more than 4 stars. Check the reviews