I'm going to start out by saying that I've been to the Southern Highlands location probably a dozen times, and love it. \nYesterday my friend and I were out in Henderson, and decided to stop  because he had been to this one before, and enjoyed the loco moco that they don't serve at the SH location. \nI ordered an egg white omelet with chicken sausage, mushrooms and onions, and he ordered the loco moco. I received my \"cup o' bread\" rather quickly, and just like SH, it was fantastic, and thank goodness because that's pretty much when I stopped eating. \n\nOur food arrived, and I went to put some Tabasco sauce on my eggs. Big mistake! You know how you do things out of force of habit? Well, I foolishly turned the bottle upside down, only to find out the hard way that they had removed the stopper that regulates the pour, resulting in about 3 tablespoons of hot sauce dumped on my omelet. I started to soak it up with napkins, both on top of the omelet, and underneath. figured it would be fine now, so preceded to eat. After a few bites, I lost my appetite. Even after using napkins, there was an absurd amount of butter at the bottom of the plate, and in the omelet itself. I love butter just as much as the next person, but this was a disgusting amount. The other part that disturbs me is that generally when an order for just egg whites is placed, the kitchen usually knows that the person is trying to go the healthier route and doesn't want their food soaked in half a stick of butter (heck, they even have a healthier section on their menu with egg whites listed as the primary options). I finally ended up just picking out some mushrooms and sausage, and quit. \nMy friend was struggling with his meal too. He asked me if something was wrong, and I told him it was just soaked in butter, he said his was as well, and that he was getting a little nauseous from it. \nOur waiter came by about 30 seconds after we first received our food and said, \"I know it just got here but is everything ok?\" we foolishly said yes prior to even trying anything. When he returned about 10 minutes later, he didn't even ask if something was wrong considering our food hadn't been touched, he just refilled my friend's drink, and we asked for the check. For a regular brewed coffee, a soda, egg white omelet and loco moco, we ended up with a $35 bill (without tip). We left our 90% uneaten food on the table, paid up front and left. \n\nNeedless to say, I will stick with the SH location from here on out, but honestly, I'm so mad that I wasted $41 including the tip for a meal I didn't even eat, that I might not be going back to that one for a long time either.