The place is owned by Marlin Kaplan who was behind now-defunct One Walnut and also Luxe Kitchen and Lounge. His partner is Rosita Kutkut who was behind La Boca which was in the same space that roseangel now occupies. Now that we have the background out of the way, let's talk food.  I had heard the place opened and was super eager to try it, and usually for my birthday, my family and I always go to a Mexican food spot... because I love it soooo much!  Back in the day I used to always get a ice cream cake from Dairy Queen.  As I got older, I traded the brain freeze for the bubble guts, lol.... Looking back i'd still make the same choice. So it's my mom, brother, sister and I and I say that we're on the way to roseangel because it's Mexican, it's new, and it was my 1st choice. It's a beautiful Saturday afternoon, and we head across the river to the west side (oh no!).  We park and walk up to the place. As we step inside, some older dude literally yells \"WE'RE CLOSED... WE'RE NOT OPEN TILL 5!\" and immediately I wanted to punch him right in his fucking face. That's no way to greet customers whether you're closed OR open so I want to tell whoever that was to fuck himself. Absolutely and unequivocally.  I don't know your fucking hours. I'm not glued to the paper or my computer looking who's not open on mondays, or who is only open for dinner. I'm simple.... buying food at your establishment should be too. It's a fucking Saturday at 3pm, why would you NOT be open?\n\nBut I'm a nice, forgiving guy so I decide that I'm going to give the place another chance at a date to be named later.... So a few days ago, later became the present and I took my friend Michelle out for her birthday. We walk in and everybody is super nice. We had the option for the patio, the lounge or the dining room (vaguely conjuring memories of Luxe). We chose the dining room. Our server was very nice, but not the welcoming type I like when I go out to eat. She never told us her name, or made any sort of small talk whatsoever. She was very robotic and EXTREMELY available. As in kept checking in. I'm missing the word I'm looking for, but she came back so many times, I'm surprised she wasn't wiping our mouth after every single bite.  Looking at the drink menu, there's definitely an array of options... All sorts of wines, bottles vs draft beer (including seasonals and fan favorites like Schlitz, lol), a bunch of specialty cocktails, margaritas with fresh fruit (plus) and of course sangria.\n\nWe are both starving, so appetizers are in order. We decide to go with the lobster nachos to start. We're talkin about lobster, guacamole, lime, and sweet soy. Sounded fantastic.  Tasted even better.\n\nIn the end, there was a ton of guacamole on the plate, and I was thinking \"hey, this is a mexican joint, where's the salsa?\" So I ask the server if there would be some salsa and chips coming, she said we could order some. What kind of Mexican place doesn't give you chips and salsa to start? Even Luxe gives you bread before your meal.  I remember looking at the menu and seeing all the different types of salsa you could order. I would think they might give you some simple pico de gallo or something. Caost about $1 per 5 lbs, lol. Whatever.... so I ask for some extra chips (which I got $1.25 for. I could have ordered salsa and chips for like $3, huh?) because we had a ton of guac on the plate. Sneaky way to get ppl to buy more I say.\n\nLobster nachos out of here, here comes the main course. I ordered the battered perch, spicy chicken, and tres queso tacos with a side of rice and beans. Looking at the menu now, I see that you could order 3 tacos for $11.75 or order a la carte for $4.25.  I didn't see that before, but looking at my receipt, she charged me 3 a la carte prices instead of giving me the plate for $11.75... Wow, having revelations just writing the review.... sneaky sneaky strike 2, robot server.\n\nNow I will say, all of the tacos tasted great, but my first bite made me realize that they used cabbage instead of lettuce. This is not advertised on the menu. I fucking hate cabbage. So basically it's like a taco Panini. Tons of cabbage, some sauce, and a bit of meat.  I'm not exactly the happiest dude out there at this point, but I eat it anyways. I didn't even notice any cheese in the tres queso, it was a cheese sauce or something.  Either way, I could barely discern it. For $4.25, that's unacceptable. Sneaky sneaky strike 3.  So all of this going on and our server is coming back ever 2.5 minutes, I'm kind of getting over this spot. Finish the food, got the hell up outta there.