Lunch is a very busy time there.  Go early, or you will have to wait.  \n\nThe place is loud!  The laminate floors, un-covered tables, and relatively bare ceilings make noise bounce around like the busiest of restaurants.  So if you're more than a party of 6, you won't be talking to anyone more than 4 feet away without shouting (and slightly spitting) at them!\n\nThe food....wow, great vareity and the prices are very reasonable.  They have both Korean fare and Japanese fare.  Lunch bento boxes are great at $7.99.  the Sashimi box nets you about 8 pieces of sashimi, 6 rolls, and another 6 pieces of sushi!  That's a great deal.  THe fish was very fresh, and you can actually taste the salmon.  It wasn't bland like most \"cheap\" places, but it actually tasted great (non-fishy of course).\n\nWe also had the Pork-Bone-Soup.  Now...for a place with so much vareity, it was pretty good.  The pork was boiled long enough so the meat just falls off the bone.  The soup base was great....spicer than most places, but just right for me since I like hot.  The portion however was a bit lacking, and the little kimchi dishes were sparse at only 2.  If you're looking for good pork bone soup, this is a \"Quality over Quantity\" place.  Korean restaurants like Owl of Minerva and Nak Won provide much larger portions, lots of appetizer dishes, and you pay $1-2 less, and for the same level of quality.  This one was $7.99, so not cheap for PBS....but, it was good, and it leaves you satisfied.  Bring a bib, it gets messy!\n\nService:  Lots of gadgetry, they all have headsets with their 2 way radios, and they also have a button at each table to \"Buzz\" the waiters.  But...it's busy...and as hard as they are working, you do end up waiting. But like most Asian restaurants, you're there for the food and value, not the service, so don't expect too much.  I would say they are slightly better than average, but that's as far as it goes (don't expect a smile, or hear about their specials or an explanation on anything).\n\nOverall, if you are in a big group, you may have to wait for a table, you won't be able to talk to everyone due to the noise, BUT...everyone will find something they like on the menu and the value is very good, appropriate for 95% of people's wallets.  So...good for groups, especially work groups where people have a diverse taste for food (within in the Asian fare category of course).\n\nI would return here again, it's worth going once in a while.