If you are traveling West, it's best to use Twain because there is heavy construction on Tropicana. The office will be on your left and if you are looking for the office number (\"10175\"), it is behind the first building. Basically, turn left before you get to the intersection of Hualapai and Twain and go around the first building.\n\nI decided on Desert Smiles instead of another dental office in my area because of the reviews...thank you YELP! From the reviews, I received a sense of family and quality from this office than the other option I had in mind. Yes, the other location had some cool perks like free Netflix movies during your visit but it was due to some not-so-good reviews that gave me a feeling that the other location may treat me like a number instead of a person or a valued client. \n\nAttending my appointment solidified my choice and I will never look back! As you can read from the other reviews, the staff is not very large; Mrs. Partovi is the hygienist and Dr. Sam Partovi is the doctor. Both of them explain very well what is happening and other explanations that help me better understand my teeth, brushing technique, tips for better oral health and the list goes on. I truly felt at home coming to the office and I plan to make this a permanent choice for all my dental needs. I have to make mention of the front office staff member (Aksine is her name), she was also so kind and friendly. When I called to make an appointment, I gave an email address that was a combination of two different email addresses I have. (I've never done that before!) When I realized that I never received an email from them, I left a message that evening to give my correct email and the very next morning got the email as promised that would have the patient forms. I also received a call acknowledging that my message was received and that I can expect the email to be sent correctly now. I don't know about you but that is the extra touch that can set anyone apart! I suppose the little things are always what makes one company better than the other. This review is to let them know that I noticed! :) Many thanks to the staff at Desert Smiles for giving such awesome and sincere experiences even before I step into the office!