Everything about this hotel is fabulous. The decor, the bedrooms (we had two TV's plus a bathroom TV!), the amazing bathtubs you can lay down in, the cleanliness of the entire property. Not to mention all the restaurant choices between the Venetian and Palazzo. You basically don't have to leave the resort for food - they have something to satisfy any craving.\n\nOne of my absolutely favorite things about staying here is the housekeeping crew - on top of the usual housekeeping things, they left us little chocolates to snack on and laid out soaps and lotions on a little towel right on the bathroom counter. They even moved some of our bathroom essentials that were already out (razors, deodorant, etc..) onto the towel. Normally I hate when people move our stuff but I thought it was incredibly thoughtful to put everything in an easy to reach spot!\n\nPros:\n-We never heard anyone in the rooms around us. The ONLY time we heard noise outside was super drunk people yelling outside in the hallway but that's not a big deal, really.\n-Huge bathtubs\n-Room was spotless\n-Furniture had 0 scuff marks or damage\n-Housekeeping staff went above and beyond our expectations without us even asking\n-Storing luggage at the bell desk is super simple\n-Front desk staff were incredibly friendly and made check in simple and fast. We didn't use the concierge at all so I can't comment on it.\n-Video check out on the TV worked perfectly (I feel like half the time they don't work, so this is definitely a plus for me)\n-Have you SEEN the size of the rooms?! Have you seen how beautiful these rooms are?!\n-The hallways were very clean.\n-Casino is very bright, and doesn't smell like no one has cleaned the carpets in 50 years (you know the smell if you've been in Casino Royale or the Flamingo...)\n-There are TONS of food options!\n-WiFi is included in the resort fee and wasn't sluggish. Obviously not top tier speed but enough to surf the web as needed without being frustrated.\n\nCons:\n-Obviously with the 5 star service and cleanliness of the hotel, comes a hefty price tag. We got a 33 percent off coupon but it's real expensive without a discount.\n-The casino is pretty tight compared to Mirage across the street or at Casino Royale. But it's a much nicer casino than most of the others on the strip so it's a little expected.\n-A very minor con, but holy crap it's easy to get lost in the Canal Shops!