I'd definitely recommend this spot to anyone.  I'm pretty stingy with five stars and wish I could give 4 1\/2.  \n\nWe went as a group of five and had the chance to share a number of items.  Food was excellent.  The Kale salad is delicious if you want some greens,fried green tomato blt was great,  the biscuits are amazing, the fried chicken was incredibly moist and tender with perfectly crunchy skin and the bread pudding was delish.  I thought the deviled eggs were just okay, although my friends all seemed to like them a ton and I did not care for the blistered heirloom tomatoes(and I love tomatoes).  I found the prices to be fair, especially for a Vegas restaurant on the strip.  I'd give the  food a solid four stars.  \n\nService was awesome.  We had the best waiter whose name I don't remember! Brandon maybe? Super friendly, quick when appropriate but we were not rushed at all.  Totally helpful with what to order.  He actually gave us a recommendation for a chill bar to hang out at the next night.  They seated us at one of the tables right outside the kitchen.  It was super nice and fun to see all the food, but really too loud for our group.  It was difficult to hear one another.  It might be better if they switched these tables to four seaters instead of six.  If you're a group of five or more, I would not recommend sitting down in the main restaurant.  Really cool ambiance and decor.  The restaurant is a bit small-be sure to make reservations if you want to go.  \n\nDrinks were good but largely bourbon based(in keeping with the southern theme of course).  I had the blackberry drink and it was a little bit strong for me but awesome flavor.  \n\nOur bill was about $200 including tip for five cocktails, two salads, deviled eggs, two huge orders of fried chicken(we had some left over even) an order of biscuits and one dessert.  Since there were five of us, they were kind enough to add an extra egg and biscuit so we could each have our own(for a small charge).  \n\nI would definitely return to this restaurant!