We frequented this restaurant a lot over the past five years. In fact, there was a time we were going every other weekend. Unfortunately that changed yesterday. Since the restaurant was renovated, my husband and I have been there three or four times. I understand that now that they can accommodate many more customers, the service is going to be slower and the stress levels will be higher. However, what happened yesterday was inappropriate, unprofessional and unacceptable. I ordered what I order every single time I go there. My husband did the same. In fact, I joked with the waitress that she should make copies of the ticket so she can just have them ready whenever we come in. After my husband and I placed our orders, the waitress walked away, checked the window for other tables' food. Talked to the other servers. Got my coffee and my husband's soda and snagged some creamer off of another table for me. At that point, I asked if she could change my toast from dry wheat to raisin bread. She informed me that was fine since she hadn't even put the ticket in yet. Um......okay??? This particular server is new and I get that. However, you write the ticket, hang it in the window, then go do other stuff. \nAfter waiting another thirty minutes (again, I get they were busy and I was willing to overlook this) she brought out my eggs, bacon and grits. She told me she was waiting on the bread. My eggs were the consistency of rubber. When she came back over with my husband's plate, I asked her if she could have them remake my eggs as they were overdone. She took the plate, walked over to the kitchen and put my eggs on a separate little dish. She brought the bacon and grits back, along with my husband's food. She went back to the window and retrieved a new plate of eggs for me and brought them back over to me; by which time my husband had pointed out his eggs were not over-medium either, but were still clear where the whites were undercooked. He had taken his eggs and put them on his toast plate for her so she could just take them to the kitchen to be replaced. When she handed the cook that second plate of eggs is when the problem started. \nThe waitress and another woman I can only assume is the manager stood in front of the window while the cook screamed, yelled and threw things (yes, THREW things) like a two year old child who was told \"No.\" He yelled and screamed about eggs and \"stupid people\" and cooking for a good thirty seconds before my husband went and informed the owner, Don. When my husband and Don walked back, the cook was still screaming and yelling. As Don was walking into the kitchen, we heard a dish crashing and Don yelling at the cook. \nWhile this was going on, the waitress brought me my raisin toast which looked like it had been chewed up and spit out on the plate. Seriously, the presentation was just very poor and by this time, I was just over the whole thing. \nA few minutes later, Don emerged from the kitchen with two eggs, cooked over medium. He put them in front of my husband who thanked him. Don told him to \"check them.\" My husband told him they were fine. Don insisted he check them again. So, my husband stuck his fork in them and stated again that they were fine. \nThen, the waitress shows Don the plate of raisin bread. She mumbled something and he yelled, \"She ordered raisin bread and....what???!!\" The waitress looked like she was about to cry, so I said, \"It looks like someone chewed it up and spit it out on the plate.\" He took it and went back into the kitchen. By this time, I had just completely lost my appetite. I got the car keys from my husband and went out to the car. \nMy husband advised that after I left, Don came back out with two new pieces of bread. He advised Don that I had left and Don threw it in the trash and exclaimed, \"I TRIED! I tried to make it right!\" \nMy husband finished his eggs and was told there was no bill (I should certainly think not!). As he was leaving, Don told him, \"Have a nice life.\"\nSo, here's the thing: If you own a business in the service industry especially, there occasionally will be a complaint. However, you should realize that your customers are your source of income and the reason you even have a business. In the five years I have been going there, I have never once complained about the food...EVER. Yesterday it was completely warranted and I left there feeling as if I were the \"bad guy.\" Well after five years of supporting this local business, I can honestly say I will never be back there. I'm a bit disappointed because it was our favorite place to go for breakfast, but I'm not going to be a patron somewhere that treats their customers as an annoying inconvenience. And, honestly, I would have been okay but not for the fit the cook threw. That is where it all went downhill. They're just eggs. You're not doing brain surgery, dude. Take a valium and chill out. \nAs for me, I'll be going to Black Bear diner from now on.