I cannot stress enough how much John Moore did for me in a time of crisis, frustration, fear and stress. From the minute I called his office and talked to his partner, they were both very responsive, friendly and started looking into my case right away, before even meeting with John in person.\n\nDuring my initial meeting with John I was a complete wreck. I was nervous, embarrassed, about to cry, and my mind was all over the place. From the very beginning of him offering me water and walking me to his office, I already felt better knowing there was NO JUDGEMENT and that he really just wanted to listen to the details of what had happened during my free consultation.\n\nJohn was very friendly and easy going, and didn't have that \"cocky\" lawyer appeal I had seen before and didn't like might I add. He was very honest with the fact that I did, indeed, need a lawyer and that it would be expensive but that he would charge way less than other \"big name\" lawyers. He gave me the time to shop around and said to contact him if I decided to move forward with him as my representation with absolutely no pressure.\n\nHe was exactly right! I went to 3 other lawyers and he spot on about the price (competitors being anywhere form 3-6k more)! Not only was the price at others TOO high for me to afford or pay, but the environment and personality's of the others I visited were dreadful. One was a complete salesman and then asked me for 10k, another was basically falling asleep during my consultation and then said, \"well, there isn't much I can do,\" and the third was so unmemorable that I can't even recall anything about him!\n\nWhile money was a factor in choosing the right lawyer, I am a big \"gut instinct feeling\" type person, and knew that I would ultimately choose the person who best resonated with me! I feel lucky and blessed, because not only was that person John, but he was the most affordable as well. I truly believe it was destiny for me to find him.\n\nSpecifically, once hired, John kept me in the loop at all times and more importantly- did everything I needed him to do. He asked the right questions, gathered all of my information, handled the court dates and mostly, kept me calm. I kept asking him if there is anything I should do, or how worried should I be? His response was always calm and with a smile, \"Don't do anything and don't worry... you really don't have to worry.\" This was so hard to hear because I WAS worried. Worried about my future, going to jail and just in general, was a big ball of stress. He totally helped calm me down and even assured me it was okay for me to cross the US\/Mexico border to go on a retreat I had already planned! Not only did he tell me to go, but he told me to have a great time!\n\nWe didn't have much to talk about before the case, as he was handling everything. He did keep me VERY well informed via phone calls and emails about what was happening and how the timeline was working and what to expect. I keep saying it, but he was SO friendly and SO understanding and SO good at keeping me in the loop.\n\nAbout my case, he handled it well... beyond well... COULDN'T HAVE GONE BETTER! I was charged with a Felony 4 for a first offense shoplifting case. I was so afraid of reading about my future and what being a \"felon\" would do to my life. Not only did he get it dropped to a Misdemeanor, but he also pushed up on the prosecuting lawyer to allow me to take the shoplifting diversion program, in which once completed, the case would be closed. Oh happy day! He did it and all I had to do was show up to court, plead \"no contest\" and then agree to complete the diversion program, which I did within two weeks!\n\nIn my opinion, John went ABOVE AND BEYOND what he had to. I learned more in his free consultation than the other three free consultations combined! He helped me with this case specifically, but also offered help if the store I stole from came after me. He also mentioned that this case, despite it being a Felony 4, that they would only charge me for the case being a Misdemeanor because he felt quite confident in getting it dropped to that level. He also stated, that with the unlikelihood of this case going to trial, that there would be no additional charge! He also knew money was VERY tight and even offered me a payment plan!!!!!!  What is that you say? A lawyer that is understanding about money? Well, I hadn't thought they existed either, but apparently they do right here in Phoenix! And his name is John Moore!\n\nAfter I completed my diversion class, he was still working with\/for me! I had emailed him to let him know that the court had not received my paperwork and he said to wait for a couple week and call back. He then said if they still didn't have it, that I should call him back and he would handle it. Again, this guy is great and really helped me \"let go\" of my anxiousness. I really trusted him and still do! I know if I ever have any questions that I can ask him and he will get back to me promptly.