I wish I would have looked into reviews before choosing this company,  but I'm not surprised one bit that they only have a one star.  I wish you could give less. Starting out i thoughteverythingwasfine,  they fought hard to give me a good price and estimated the square footage of each items and scheduled my pickup dayin a 3 day window. I called them the2nd day into my 3 day pickup window with no answer.. i called the 3rd day no answer....received a  call later that day saying my truck was full and they didn't have a new pickup date yet.  My pickup was late.. multiple days late to come pick up my things... so late I had already left the state and had to have my grandmother meet with them to pick up my things.  The movers were an additional 2 hours late and my grandma had to wait in her car. My storage unit hold 475 cubic square feet,  they told me that all my items in the storage unit came to 675 (tell me how that works) after picking up my items they said he'd do my a favor and only charge me for 532 square feet... that's still 57 square feet more then the max capacity of a storage unit which was not even completely full.  I was originally quoted 300 square feet for $1,200. They then told me I was to pay $2,000 instead!!!!! Mind you I'm a single mother who had to save for months to move across the country for a better life for my son and I. They wouldn't budge,  they had no remorse as I cried on the phone. .. pay up or don't get your stuff attitude. I had to borrow the money from my grandma.. because they held my items captive and for what? 3 weeks later they arrive.. items broken, miss... destroyed! I'm told by the movers I can call the office and start a claim.. guess who doesn't answer the phone? Suprise... guess who hasn't returned any of my 4 voicemails? You guessed it these pirates. Don't waste your money moving with ybt vanlines you're better off taking a sledge hammer to your things and buying all new stuff when you arrive to your destination. These guys are crooks and I'm reporting them to the Better Business Bureau and looking into a lawyer as we speak. Don't let them do this to you, without my grandma my son and I would have only had 1 bag of clothes.