I never quite figured out why airports need to be so damn complex.  \n\nRealistically, they serve two roles.   One is purely functional.   Provide a room for people to sit while they are waiting to get onto airplanes.    The second is much more aesthetic, they're there to present a visual welcome to the city showcasing the best artistic interpretation of the people and places found within.    Ideally, airports should make you both feel like you're at home while making others want to come and join you.\n\nThis is the Skydome of airports.   Big, shiny, technical-robocop-looking and expensive in an age where retro-stylings and simple convenience has become the norm.     This offers neither.\n\nOccasionally, airports hit the mark.  See the BAA-influenced Pittsburgh and it's retailer-filled easy to navigate X-shape.  Or Austin's Bergstrom and it's historically influenced design cues and local fare.    Amsterdam's Schipol with it's cavalcade of outstanding food and shopping options is another perfect example.  An airport should be a place where you feel comfortable waiting for your flight while also appreciating the conveniences of modern life.\n\nThen you have Pearson Terminal One.   I have no idea why anyone would want to change planes here.   Why would you want to shuffle through large overdone public spaces, dredge through customs lines and be subject to 'artistic' impressions that are just plain confusing and not indicative of either Canadian culture or daily life in town.\n\nThere is that super-cool moving sidewalk on the International pier.  The closest thing to the distopian future portrayed in 'Total Recall' that I can imagine.   But I can't remember automated convenience being a part of the Canadian experience.    \n\nWe strive so hard to play in the big leagues.   There's nothing in this place that you wouldn't find in the newer airports in such 'world cities' as Detroit.  Or Indianapolis.  Or Winnipeg.       Any one of the other places with massive glass-filled waiting rooms and no functional transit link to the city.\n\nOf course, none of those places had a Rush song named after them.\n\nThat great hassle-free airport in Buffalo never looked so nice.