My dad came down to the area to visit, and while my wife and mom went shopping we decided to check out the \"grand opening\" of The Range at Lake Norman. Now I've been to shooting ranges before, and they have been rather lame. They were all outdoors where everyone had to shoot and check targets together, you had the sun baking down and blinding you and there were a bunch of crazy old guys shooting off huge guns just to feel cool. Needless to say I had some pre-conceived opinions of how I was going to enjoy my time at The Range, but luckily this place blows any range I've been to away.\n\nIt's an indoor, air conditioned range where everyone has their own little lane with barriers on both sides. Since it's indoors and the targets are automated (think of the targets you see in cop movies and shows) you go at your own pace and don't have to worry about keeping time with everyone else. \n\nOne of the most important things to note about The Range is the staff. They were not only friendly but super helpful, and this is extremely important for anyone who is not familiar with handling firearms or with how a range works. My dad and I are both well-versed in firearm protocols, but since it was our first time there we were still made to watch the mandatory safety video. Anyone who doesn't feel comfortable after that is encouraged to speak with the staff for more in-depth rules. Also, if you just happened to go out and purchase a new gun and have no idea how it works, they are more than happy to walk you through it. Safety is the most important factor of firearms, and the staff is completely dedicated to making sure everyone stays safe by being easily approachable.\n\nAlso, The Range is very diverse in terms of who goes there. Rather than being full of a bunch of old guys there were groups of young guys, couples, families (I was surprised to see young girls handling firearms) and solo people all present and accounted for. Maybe it's a Southern thing, but you would NEVER find families (or even women) at a firing range up in New York. I think it's great, and I'm eager to come back and start introducing my wife to shooting. This is something I would never do at a range in New York, but I think she will feel very comfortable if we came here to do some shooting.\n\nNow let's get on to the pricing. To rent one lane for the entire day is $17, or for $25 a day two people can share one lane. If you don't happen to have a firearm handy or want to try out a new model before buying it, you can rent them right at the counter. My father and I rented a handgun and it was only $8, which isn't bad at all. Now here's where things get pricey. If you don't have your own targets and ammo, they do sell it there, but it is marked up quite a bit. We spent $11 for the same box of ammo we could have picked up for under $5 in the store. So if you're there for awhile and blowing through several boxes of ammo it can add up quickly. Same goes for the targets...they have a large variety of them but they cost more than they would in the store. All in all, my dad and I spent a little over $70 to share a lane with one gun, two boxes of ammo and a pack of targets. On the plus side, they will supply eye protectors and ear muffs at no additional charge.\n\nThe Range at Lake Norman is a great place to do some target practice, whether you're a pro shooter or have no idea what the muzzle of a gun is. If you are the latter the staff are eager to help guide you through this new experience in the hopes of not only making you a safe firearms user, but also to get you hooked on this fun sport\/hobby. The biggest thing keeping me from giving the place five stars is the price...if you don't have your own gun, ammo or targets the cost can rise up pretty quickly, especially if you're having a great time and blow through ammo faster than you realize. I'll definitely be coming back here, and next time my wife will be in tow.