LOVE. THIS. PLACE. This is a true definition of a neighbourhood gem. I have been to this place twice, and both times they have been amazing! I first stumbled upon this place after seeing it on an instragram post, and then i realized I go to that area from time to time! so the next time I was in the neighbourhood, my hubby and I decided to have some Saturday lunch. Now initially I was all set to try their new Brunch menu, but aftering the lunch specials, we changed our minds!\n\nWe had their pasta special which was penne with pancetta and tomato sauce, crispy green beans with truffle aioli and freshly baked pizza with basil, mozzarella AND burrata. mouth watering deliciousness in every bite and we were too full for dessert!\n\nFast forward 2 weeks later, we returned with some friends and had dinner there. They have weekly specials including $10 pizza on Wednesday and $12 pasta on Thursday with purchase of a drink, very reasonable deals! portions are pretty good as well. this time we ordered the calamari, eggplant parm, i ordered the Scialatielle Amalfitana  and my hubby ordered the Bosco pizza. My friends ordered the lamb ragu parpadelle and the mushroom risotto.\n\nLamb ragu - I love parpadelle - the pasta was great, but I don't eat lamb since i dont' like their gamey taste. I almost wished they had an option of beef ragu or pork ragu as an alternative. The scialatielle is great - the seafood was fresh, the sauce is very rich rose and it's great with some fresh pepper and parmesan. I wasn't able to finish my pasta but my hubby got into the leftovers before I could the next day :(\n\nCalamari was HUGE serving - we all ate it and could barely finish lol. Calamari was light, crispy battered and the calamari wasn't too chewy which was great. The eggplant parm was another favourite. the tomato sauce was great with the eggplant. ONe of my friends dones't like eggplant, but when he ate the eggplant parm - he loved it!\n\nthe bosco pizza is amazing! I would say ALL their pizzas are amazing, so generally one wont' be disappointed it's just all about the toppings. I really liked the Bosco, i'ts a bit enhanced from the typical margherita (which is my preferred pizza) but it's still really nicely balanced, crust is soft and flaky and every bite is just so so good.\n\nThe mushroom risotto - I always say try the risotto in a restaurant if you wanna know if they are good. And I\"m so glad i got a taste of that from my friend, because this risotto is underrated! When i look at reviews I keep seeing all the other pastas being featured (esp the baked cheesy pasta) but the mushroom risotto was memorable. It was soft but still retianed texture, and the mushroom flavour was intense but not overpowering. I almost wish i swapped plates with my friend! Anyway next time i'm back I definitely will be trying the risotto all to myself :)\n\nThe dessert - we were very full - but all of us managed to try their tartufo, which was freaking amazing. loved every bite of it!\n\nIf you're ever in the area definitely pop by to give it a try! ambience is great, lots of space, and they even have a private room for bigger groups\/functions. I would love to have like a party here sometime ;)\n\nAmalfi Coast, I will be back!