I WILL NOT BE RETURNING HERE!\n\nLittlefish was one of my favourite spots to go with my husband... and we have brought many friends there since they have opened. I always thought the food and service was great until today....\n\nOur breakfast started out great. We were served by our usual female waitress, I ordered my usual B.L.A.T (bacon, lettuce, avocado and tomato) and my husband ordered the regular breakfast. I was very pleased that the waitress remembered that I usually order soy milk with my coffee. It's nice being recognized as a repeat customer. Things like this are what make my husband and I want to return.\n\nOur order arrived and everything was fine except my avocado was totally brown. Initially I accepted this and thought it was just overripe and took a bite of it. It tasted off, rotten and foul. Not a big deal right? I'll just let the waitress know and get another one.  I let her know that it didn't taste quite right and her usual bubbly demeanor disappeared, and without any eye contact, she just grabbed my plate and yelled at the kitchen in a very annoyed tone, \"Could I get a greener avocado!\"  I'm sorry, but if my food is rotten, don't they need to know? I didn't want a greener avocado, I wanted a fresh one that wouldn't make me sick.  She then came back and plopped another plate in front of me with another slice of avocado that was placed faced down.  Again, no acknowledgement that they just served me rotten food. Whatever, at least I got fresh piece right? Wrong! I turned the avocado over and they gave me yet another frickin brown piece of garbage. I decided that this was not a battle that I was going to win, nor did I want to deal with someone who already seemed very pissed off at me that I complained. When our place was cleared, it was obvious that the two big brown pieces of avocado were not eaten and AGAIN it was completely ignored. To me this is the sign of ultimate poor service. This was such a minor problem that could have been handled in a more friendly and professional manner. I sure wasn't expecting the reaction that I got from our usual friendly waitress.\n\nThis experience was VERY disappointing and I am not usually one to complain on these websites, but I'm sick of people who give shitty service! I would just like to let the waitress know that one little problem that could so easily have been solved can cause you to lose a customer and anymore recommendations to friends. A bitchy attitude does nothing for your business. I also feel for the guy in the other post who just wanted his bacon cooked more. Is this really to much to ask for?