My friend and I ate here for dinner after our full day on the Strip having fun. We were seated after a few minutes of waiting, since there was almost a full house that night. The lighting and ambiance was very nice and casual, and their seats were very comfortable too. We ordered drinks, as well as some of their popular dishes: Chicken N Watermelon N Waffles and the Shrimp and Grits. For a starter, we ordered the waiter's recommendation of their crab cakes.\n\nThe crab cakes were super fresh and delicious. We popped them into our mouths and had to discipline ourselves to enjoy them to the fullest because the plate only had four of them. The cakes were paired with fresh greens and a tasty sauce, making a plate full of different textures. The food was savory, salty, sweet, and each taste didn't clash with one another. Just a warning though, like I said, the dish only contained four of them, so if you eat them up too quickly, you may end up regretting it!\n\nThe Shrimp and Grits dish was actually the first time I've ever tried grits before, and because of this, I now have high expectations for grits! Hahaha! Again, I have to say that this dish was also savory too (I love savory food). If only I could order more grits because those grits were just very fluffy and delicious! The shrimp was good too and both complimented each other very nicely. I would definitely come back to this place and order this dish again and again!\n\nMy friend ordered their most popular dish, Chicken N Watermelon N Waffles (I think that's how it's sequentially ordered...either way, you'll know what I'm talking about once you take a look at the menu yourself!). I especially LOVED this dish because it was their own twist on chicken and waffles. It's been almost two weeks, since eating there, so all I can remember is that it was one of the best chicken and waffles combination I've ever had. Their fried chicken was very crispy (I would have tried to request crispier skin, but I was already too hungry to wait for them to edit the dish), the waffles were sweet (even sweeter when doused in their maple syrup), and the watermelon was juicy! I do wish, however, that the dish had the full plate of waffles, instead of only using half of what was made in a waffle maker. For that price (around $33), they could have definitely added one more fried chicken and the other half of the waffles from the waffle maker. I'd get this dish again too!