This is, sadly, my first negative Yelp review and I have an extensive history as a lead bartender, lead server \/ trainer, cook and restaurant manager.  I went for dinner this evening and the entire visit was disappointing.  After ordering our meals at the table, I stopped by the bar to get a drink and check the televisions.  I ordered a Sambuca and the bartender did not immediately know what it was.  She asked the other bartender who advised her to ask me if I wanted white or black.  I responded white, but was poured black.  It was slightly loud, but I believe she repeated white as the woman to my left even heard me say it.  Paid for it and insisted on drinking the black as it was busy and she may not have heard me.  Not enough to even be upset about.  Next, I had ordered wedding soup as I have several times before.  This time, it was almost all spinach and very bland.  Still, not too bothered.  My chicken marsala had arrived and the chicken was chewy and severely overcooked.  Still was not going to say  anything.  Then, the proverbial straw.  I had noticed Sam Adams Winter on tap while I was in the bar and ordered one as our meals arrived.  Several minutes later, our server returned with an amber coloured beer.  Before she even placed it on the table, I told her that this was not the beer I ordered.  She left the table and within moments returned with the same glass of beer and said she was told, presumably by one of the bartenders, that this was Sam Winter.  I told her Sam Winter was dark and this was definitely some form of wheat or white beer, probably the Sam Spring.  She scoffed as she asked me if I wanted it or not.  I said no and she walked away with no apology and even showed signs of being upset.  As we were almost finishing our meals, she returned and told me that it was, in fact, the Sam Adams Cold Snap I had said it was earlier.  This entire back and forth led me to write this review.  It seems that the food quality has fallen as has the service and especially the bar staff.  As a highly experienced bartender, I can understand not being able to tell the visual difference between different light beers, but to not be able to notice that a white or wheat beer is being poured instead of a darker bock or lager is beyond unacceptable.  Even much more unacceptable is to return to the table with the same beer I returned once and telling me it is what I ordered.  I highly doubt I will ever give this restaurant another chance.