The best fun you can have on 4 wheels and 28 pedals in downtown Las Vegas.  If you have a group of friends in town (or are a local group looking for something different to do with your evening), you've come to the right place.  Cycle Pub Vegas is a unique twist on the traditional pub crawl. You and up to 13 of your closest friends are escorted to some of the best bars in downtown Vegas via their tricked out bike that also has a stereo setup for you to plug your portable media player into.  Cruising around downtown with Russell at the helm while rocking out to your own tunes is a great way to see the sights and catch a drink or three at any number of the bars they have on your itinerary.\n\nLast night I had the pleasure of accompanying some new friends on this epic journey through downtown.  We started out at the Mob Bar just off of Fremont Street and pedaled our way over to our first stop on the pub crawl to The Artifice where our group was greeted with open arms and drink specials by the accommodating bar staff. After a few minutes mingling and enjoying our drinks we were off for stop number two on our journey, The Lady Silvia.  By now the crowd and energy is in full swing.  This bar is a speakeasy style setup and is very quaint with plenty of comfy seating areas.  The bar staff here were just as pleased to see our group roll in. What's next?  You guessed it...we were then off to stop three, Triple B (Backstage Bar and Billiards).  A few brews go by (I think some played a game of pool?) and we are off to our next stop for some live music at the Bunkhouse.  Great service here and a good selection of liquor and beer.  Stop number five brought us back to Radio City Pizza just in case anyone needed to grab a slice...and another beer or cocktail.  From there we pedal back to the Mob Bar and the journey ends full circle in about 3 hours.\n\nAll along the tour expect to be given the thumbs up from passers-by, hi-fived from tourists driving by in limos and several photo ops from curious people wondering what the heck this contraption is all about.  I dare say the Pope-mobile would get less attention cruising around than we did. It really was a unique and fun experience.  The current list of places they have arrangements with are as follows:\n\nArtifice\nBackstage Bar and Billiards (Triple \"B\")\nBar and Bistro\nBunkhouse\nCommonwealth\nDowntown Cocktail Room\nHogs and Heifers\nThe Lady Silvia\nMob Bar\nPark at Fremont\nRadio City Pizza\nTriple George\n\nYou might think this setup is yet another tourist scam in regards to quantity and quality.  Not the case here whatsoever...you receive full sized drinks with a heavy pour.  No shenanigans going on with this pub crawl that's for sure!\n\nYour guides Russell and Mike know all of the key people at these locations and have secured specials for you upon your arrival; including bartenders choice of shot.  I've been downtown several dozen times and I must admit this is definitely one of the more memorable visits.  Don't worry if your pedal power isn't up to snuff, Russell will motivate you with his bullhorn or you can take the easy way out and sit in the back like I did on one of the legs of our trip.  Logic tells me this is a healthy way to imbibe...calories in vs. calories burned.  You'll lose several hundred just laughing, hooping and hollering.\n\nA full 5 stars for a great concept, some great guys running it and even greater times hanging out with some cool people.  Highly recommended.