You also get no answer at the supposed \"patient advocate hotline\"  For shame. Mountainview ER just went from bad to worse.  Originally I was seen in the emergency room on 2\/24\/2016 for a possible pulmonary embolism or chronic heart failure.  I was coughing up sputum and could not breathe.  Although I was on an antibiotic and steroid already my coughing had increased and my chest was tight and rumbling.  I had been sent for an xray the day before which proved clear.  I gave all my information to the staff and nurses.  I met with a PA I believe although she did not introduce herself as such.  She sent me in the back for an iv antibiotic that was extremely powerful which I refused until speaking to a doctor.  She then scheduled me for a CT scan I stated I had low kidney functions and wanted to speak with the doctor.  She told me that would delay treatment 2 1\/2 hours. But there were alternatives.  Meanwhile I could not breathe.  I waited the 2 1\/2 hours and the doctor who was wonderfully concerned told me to do the CT scan.  After 5 more hours and a ct scan it was determined my chest was showing no signs of pneumonia or blood clot.  The Dr. told me to see my pulminologist on Monday.  He was wonderful and calm.  I am not naming him online.  The very next day 2\/25\/2016 the ER called me back for possible blood poisoning results in the blood culture.  They told me to come in immediately which resulted in another 5 hour day.  I got a nebulizer treatment and fluids.  My kidney functions had dropped low and I was told to continue to check on this further.  It is known that CT scans cause this especially in the elderly with problems already.   In the evening of 2\/26\/2016 my asthma advanced to the point where I could not breathe I took 3 puffs of my rescue inhaler and then a liquid breathing treatment at home.  When I could hear my chest rattling I went back to the ER.  It gets worse, the admitting clerk pointedly said \"I needed a sedative or antianxiety pill\"  as he could not follow what I was saying, I guess not I was gasping for breath.  Please keep in mind this is not a doctor talking and this insult was highly inappropriate.  I stated they should read the doctor's notes.  The entire staff said you've been here 3 times already.  I pointed out that once the doctor called me back for supposedly septecimia.  At this point I was ushered into a room and given a massive \"breathing treatment\" without any attention to the fact that I was aready tachy.  Finally the er doctor came in (name revealed on request). I asked for a steroid shot. He said no.   Without even consulting my chart , or listening to my chest or ordering a PFT he stated he was admitting me for 3 days. This would have amounted to a base charge to me of 1,200.  I said what would you do in the hospital?  He said give you steroids and more breathing treatments.  But then he said well you would probably catch pneumonia if you were admitted.  He then gave me prescriptions for two drugs not recommended for people with HBP.  In addition I tryed to tell him what drugs I was on and he said one of them was highly dangerous and could do severe damage.  (this was a drug prescribed to me by a pulminologist attached to this hospital).  He wrote it up as a cold and told me I did not have asthma.  This whole treatment was frightening and inappropriate.  First of all I know you should be kept for one day on observation before admittance.  This was an obvious ploy to get money from someone without real treatment.  I went home and my heart was racing for 4 hours from an overdose of albuterol.  Complete mistreatment and faulty diagnosis.