I've only been to Red Lobster a total of two times since I immigrated to Canada 18 years ago. I've never been much of a seafood chain person, and usually if I end up eating seafood I would choose a local establishment over a chain place. However, the endless shrimp offer was quite enticing to my parents and I, so I decided to give Red Lobster another try.\n\nThere's surprisingly not a lot of Red Lobsters in the GTA. This branch serves most of Scarborough and virtually all of Markham, so it's not surprising that it was a 45 minute wait on a Saturday evening. Eventually my family got a table and we were given menus.\n\nOur server took quite long to come, but eventually she did. We were quick to order endless shrimp for 3, choosing the habanero coconut bites, teriyaki grilled shrimp, shrimp linguini alfredo, and garlic shrimp. We also ordered a lobster bisque for starters.\n\nThe server initially gave us biscuits as an appetizer. My tip for people coming here is to have ONE only and pack the rest home. Those biscuits really fill you up, and if they do the endless shrimp deal won't be worth it for you. I'll give some credit and say the biscuits were very delicious...but very addictive.\n\nThe lobster bisque was quite good for a chain restaurant. It's obviously not west coast\/east coast quality, but there were definitely actual lobster pieces inside, and the bisque was creamy as well.\n\nAs for the endless shrimp, we reordered the coconut bites and teriyaki grilled shrimp, as we found those two to be the best of the four (not fried, but both had their own unique sauce which was tasty). The shrimp linguini alfredo was too thick and filling, so if you want to maximize the endless offer I would skip that option (in addition to the breaded shrimp).\n\nService was hit and miss, especially in the first 10-15 minutes where we were left without a server. Eventually she apologized and did frequently return to refill our waters and asked if everything was alright.\n\nOverall, this place was okay. It's not a place I will return immediately, but it does its job for a low-end price chain seafood restaurant.