I really felt like I was walking into a bagel shop\/bakery in New York City.  I was blown away by the selections when I walked into this place.  I don't know what was more impressive... the selection of bagels, the bakery selections with cakes and cookies, or the deli counter with all the authentic meats, fish, and condiments.  And that was just on the selection of items to go.  My suggestion is if you're coming here to eat, come at an \"off\" time.  One of the drawbacks is the parking and the parking lot.  It is in a strip center in which they have parking marked for designated businesses, so be careful where you park.  The other thing is I got there about 11:15 this morning.  And I got here just in time.  The parking area filled up fast, and so did the dining room.  And when I was leaving, there were people circling around trying to find parking spots.  The lady who took my spot, gave me just enough room to let me get out, before she started pulling in.  I took a seat at the counter, because there were only two available tables, and they were for four people, so I didn't want to take up a table for four (although other people alone were).  My server was a very nice young lady, who was very fast .  I ordered an Egg Bagel and a Sun-Dried Tomato Bagel, both with plain cream cheese and a small Black & White Cookie.  It took about ten minutes to get my order, which was fine given how busy they were.  Now, the other big drawback was that the bagels come in single baskets and the cream cheese is on the side.  Trying to spread the cream cheese on to the bagels, while in baskets is a chore, without making a mess.  I would prefer my cream cheese be already on the bagels.  If people want it on the side, they can ask for it that way.  Now, if you've ever been to New York, there are two things you will never get better anywhere else... pizza and bagels.  It's something in the water there that makes both of those things turn out so good.  However, these were the closest bagels I've ever had to real NYC bagels.  They were chewy with a little give, and the cream cheese was whipped perfectly with a great taste.  I enjoyed them both.  The Black & White Cookie was the best I've ever had!  It definitely made the meal complete.  I also had a glass of their Fresh Squeezed Orange Juice, which was awesome.  It was $14 for all of that, which I think was a pretty good deal.  I look forward to eating one of their over-stuffed deli sandwiches next time I go in there.  They looked awesome!   Also want to try their Potato Pancakes!  Definitely a great find and a great place to eat!