My hubby and I have been fans of Roy's since our first time at the flagship location on Oahu . . . and we've watched him expand to the mainland. Our experience with the mainland Roy's have been hit and miss, but the Marriott Desert Ridge location pretty much knocks it out of the park! We went at the tail end of Arizona Restaurant Week. We really liked the menu options for this special week, and the warm chocolate souffle cake is always out of this world . . . If that was the only thing that tasted good, then we would feel we got our money's worth . . . but we didn't have to worry about it because everything was perfect from beginning to end.\n\nWe had an adorable server who had a great personality and excellent people skills. She was unassuming and let us linger between courses. As I am a stickler about food coming out too soon after just finishing one course, this was just perfect! And so relaxing. The ambiance on the patio, which is where we chose to sit, almost felt as if we were on one of the islands, not in the middle of the desert . . . with the tiki torches lit and the sound of the babbling water features throughout the resort, it came pretty close . . . it was just missing the trade winds.  The resort had a band playing as well . . . they were pretty good, a few ups and downs. I would have loved if the music was a little more subtle than the pop-jazz mix they were playing . . . oh, but I have digressed. \n\nMy hubby and his daughter chose the restaurant week menu. Hubby had the Grilled Szechuan Spiced Pork Ribs Smoked & Glazed in Roy's Original Mongolian Sauce. A bit cliche, but they were finger lickin' good! My step-daughter and I shared the Crispy Spicy Ahi Sushi Roll with Ginger Wasabi Beurre Blanc -- it was huge and almost a meal. The rolls were fresh, crunchy, and had a little kick . . . not too spicy. It was a good thing I agreed to help her with it! For entrees, my hubby had the Roy's Original Hawaiian Blackened Island Ahi with Spicy Soy Mustard Butter Sauce. It, too, was an ample portion of tender ahi that was complimented by the sauce but no overpowered by it. My step-daughter had the Roy's Roasted Macadamia Nut Crusted Mahi Mahi with Maine Lobster Essence. Another nice portion of perfectly cooked Mahi.  We all were starting to feel the aloha spirit . . . I had to be the exception by ordering off the regular menu and chose my most favorite entree of all . . . the Hawaiian Style Misoyaki Butterfish . . . Aah, what a delight, so melt-in-your-mouth delicate . . . I was in island heaven.\n\nDesserts were total home runs -- the melting hot chocolate souffle is mandatory for any chocolate lover. In fact, it tastes the same at every Roy's we've been to . . . it never disappoints. A total surprise . . . and a delightful one . . . was the chocolate coconut cheesecake which came with a side of mango sorbet . . . or did she say it was pineapple sorbet . . . whatever . . . it was the perfect accompaniment to the light and fluffy cheesecake.\n\nWe also ordered a bottle of Newton claret which was a modestly priced wine and as my husband said as he swirled and sipped it . . . \"I know my wines . . . \" Having to always be the exception, I ordered the he Original Hawaiian Martini, which was what I considered my dessert. It was a juicy combination of Maui pineapple, vodka and coconut rumMMMMM!\n\nIt was truly a beautiful evening from start to finish. You may be asking why I didn't give it five stars then if there were no misfires . . . that five star is reserved for Roy's Hawaiian restaurants that really do create the aloha experience with some special touches only that can only be enjoyed there!