My review play by play style:\n \nCame in and was greeted by the staff. Started looking at the menu and decided on a Papa K (spinach, mushroom, ham, pepper jack) and an iced mocha. Paying using Square Pay on the iPad being used as a register is awesome, screw the credit card companies. \n\nAs I sit here waiting for my crepe I can only think that if the food is as awesome as the service my mouth is in for a treat. Everybody is helpful, friendly and enthusiastic. The owner is out talking to everyone and letting us know he appreciates us coming in, something I love seeing business owners do.\n\nFor my mocha pretty quick and it is really good. I am not a huge coffee fan and don't order them often but this one is good. Maybe it's a bit extra chocolate making me happy but it works. Not to mention its not all ice like Starbucks is. \n\nHoly flavor explosion in my mouth that is tasty. Just got the crepe (maybe 5 minutes wait if that) and took a bite. That is great. I got a first bite full of flavor and the edge of the crepe with a little but of just crispy cheese oozing out. This thing is also a big crepe and stuffed to the max. All the flavors go great and the pepper jack is spicy but not over powering the spinach and mushroom. \n\nThe flavors work very well together and it's  fantastic. The crepe itself is just right and takes me back to being in Paris. The crepe is the right density to be filling but not heavy, and light but still be filling.  The density is the biggest problem I have seen with crepes outside of France. \n\nThis thing is packed full and filling me up quick. My stomach is saying stop but my taste buds and brain are screaming for another bite. The saltiness of the ham is addictive with smoky flavor. \n\nOk finished the crepe and totally filled, amazing considering how hungry I was. Pretty quickly the staff sees I am done and  clears the table for me while I finish mocha and this review. \n\nFinal thoughts this place is great and I cant wait to come back and try the other crepes. Oh crap I see a strawberry topped one next to me, I need to get out of here before I order a desert.