My best friend and I bought a groupon for this brunch, and were so excited to try it out! Based on all the reviews, we came up with our game plan - drink lots of champagne, eat lots of lobster, and starve ourselves the night before so we could eat as much as we could.\n\nSo we arrived 10 minutes before our RESERVATION. Meaning, we called weeks in ADVANCE to secure our table, and even though we arrived early, we still thought a RESERVATION would let us be seated in a timely manner. When we arrived, the hostess told us we would have to WAIT AN HOUR. Are you kidding me?? I asked her what the point was in making a reservation, and all she told me was that if I didn't have one, we wouldn't be eating (and was SO RUDE while saying that). They offered us bloody mary's while we waited, so I guess that was a nice touch, but still AN HOUR WAIT?? Clearly we were going to start off our meal annoyed. \n\nWhile waiting an hour, we quickly realized that everyone with a groupon was being seated in one section (we dubbed it the cafeteria because that's what it looked like) and patrons paying full price we being seated in the actual nicer restaurant portion.  ALSO, when we arrived, the restaurant portion was EMPTY. So they were saving it for other people, while people who had paid in advance with our groupon had to wait an hour?? I know we have a groupon, but it's not my fault I got a deal... it's Bally's who offered it, so if they were going to treat us like second class, they shouldn't have offered it at all.\n \nSo onto the food - it was delicious. The caviar was just what we wanted, we ate our weight in lobster, and the severs never let our champagne glasses get empty.  This is the ONLY reason they are getting two stars. The rest of the food was fine. It wasn't outstanding, the quality wasn't top notch, it didn't have an amazing selection (quite small comparatively). I would NEVER EVER come back here and pay full price. The food was worth the groupon price, but I'd rather go to Wynn or Bellagio brunch buffet, pay the same price as my groupon and have amazing service then come back here.\n\nPersonally, I also wouldn't recommend this to anyone either. Go to a classy hotel, and you'll get a classy brunch. Lesson Learned.