A lot of people call this an easy hike, though I find it to be rigorous. I'm reasonably in shape and regularly exercise, but really unless you HIKE\/CLIMB regularly you'll find this to be challenging. \n\nMy first attempt at Camelback was last August. We did the Cholla Trail side. Yeah, I'm a dummy. But we started just before sunrise and had plenty of water. But I wasn't mentally prepared (I had heard it was easy) for it and it was just too hot. About one-third of the way I tapped out since I was getting dizzy and lightheaded and refused to push it and end up being that hiker who comes out of Camelback via helicopter because I passed out and fell off. I have since been back three more times (never in that kind of heat again, I do NOT recommend it) and summited each time (always Cholla, considered the easier trail).\n\nThe terrain is easy at the start (for the novice hiker), with rock or wood block steps and a well-traveled, roomy dirt trail. But once you hit about one-third mark, it narrows and you start using all fours like a monkey to scramble over the big rocks. By the time you get to the final third you are straight up rock climbing. I have trouble following the spray painted dots to stay on track. If there aren't people around to follow, I inevitably end up at a dead end and have to go back and try again. \n\nI have no fear of heights, but there are times that you're negotiating around and over rocks with a drop-off waiting for you if you misstep. Kind of freaks me out each time. The summit area is large and offers fantastic views. Bring a sandwich in your bag, your ipod or a book and hang out a while, it's quite nice. \n\nI've seen small children (as young as six) and I've seen small dogs (including a puppy Chihuahua who literally rolled down most of the big rocks, poor dog) but I wouldn't want to be responsible for either. 12 and up is more appropriate and medium-sized dogs used to climbing\/trails. Thanksgiving weekend I saw a lot of elderly family members, kids and others obviously from out of town and not at all prepared for a hike (flip flops, no water). Don't drag your poor parents visiting from Michigan up Camelback, please. Unless they are used to somewhat rigorous hikes, you're going to end up with a hospital visit on your hands at worst; angry, tired, dirty, dehydrated and sore family members at best. \n\nHikers range from serious (you'll see them running up and down the mountain) to novice to everywhere in between. Everyone is friendly and says \"hi\" as they pass by. And everyone offered water or asked if I was ok as I hung out in the shade to cool down when I attempted to climb in August. As long as you come prepared (water, water, water) and know what you're in for, you'll have a good time.