I'm not really sure what to rate this place. I think they have good intentions, but there's no way my visit could have made me happy. \n\nI took my dog in with what I thought was a sprain in his leg. I had called that morning because I was looking for a vet that could negotiate with me for payment plans or whatever, without carecredit. It was pretty much between a rent payment or a vet visit. The lady who talked to me told me there was no way they could help me out with that. After calling around and finding out that all vets offices in Vegas seem to have only money in mind, I decided to go to this office. My pup was in pain, and I chose that over having enough money for rent. \n\nAnyway, I took him in and the vet right away said it was most likely a break. Okay, so we got X-rays. He said it looked like cancer, not to expect anything positive, and that we would hear from him in a few hours. Meanwhile he said he would make my dog comfortable. This is important. I specifically told him to make my dog comfortable. He was terrified. After a few hours I got a phone call that my dog would need an amputation for 1,500-3,000.00 to give him 3 more months. For 1, there's no way I could have afforded it, and for 2, I'm not putting my dog through that pain for a selfish 3 months. I got together my family to say bye, and when I went into the room with my dog, the girl who brought him in said he hadn't been given anything for the pain. So my dog was in a strange place, in excruciating pain, scared sh*tless for 3 hours. He was taken out by the vet in a muzzle, but not before the dog snapped at him and was dropped from 5 feet in the air. With a broken leg. Scared and in excruciating pain. \n\nI couldn't spend ample time with my dog before his departure because I knew he had fallen from a high point onto his already shattered leg.\n\nI miss my dog more than words can say and I wish I would have known he was super well taken care of. I feel that he deserved so much better after all the unconditional love he gave me for 10 years. I'm kicking myself over and over.\n\nAs positives go, I guess, the vet was polite and seemed to have my dog's best interest in mind (other than telling me that 3 months with an amputated leg would be okay for my dog and that he would \"adjust swimmingly\") and the girls at the front were nice and very quick to get us into a room and give us time. Also, I received a card today, 4 days later, with condolences and signatures from everyone. I appreciated that a lot. Again, I don't think the vet purposefully dropped my dog and I know it's a safety issue when a dog snaps at your face. But he was warned that my dog is a nervous snapper. I just feel for my pup more than this guy. I'm giving 2 stars because of the condolence card and the girls who got me and my pup in quickly. Just... be careful.