***Phoenix's Pizzeria Bianco has greatly influenced the many excellent Italian style pizzerias across the country like Los Angeles' Pizzeria Mozza; I felt the pizzas at Pizzeria Bianco were good though less satisfying than several of the outstanding restaurants it inspired***\n\nPizzeria Bianco is one of the country's most celebrated restaurants for pizza.  It won a James Beard award long before many of the Italian style pizzerias featuring high quality, fresh ingredients started popping up in major cities across the country.  This Pizzeria Bianco (there is another location in the Phoenix area) is in Downtown Phoenix and is located just a few blocks away from the city's major sports venues like Chase Field.\n\nPizzeria Bianco has a great exterior with its historical looking brick structure.  The inside dining room is fairly small, but it is vibrant and comfortable and showcases a wood burning oven behind the bar.\n\nIn addition to their signature pizzas, Pizzeria Bianco's menu features a small selection of starters and salads.  Pizzeria Bianco's antipasto plate offers a variety of wood roasted vegetables, sopressata and a hard Italian cheese.  I did not really care much for the vegetables.  I felt they were a tad soggy and the broccoli was oddly sweet.  Zucchini and peppers were some of the other vegetables on the plate.\n\nI really liked the sopressata though.  It was not just a standard salty cured meat.  It had a good salty note, but it also had a bit of spiciness.  The sopressata was also perfectly thin and moist; it combined with the dry cheese and their baguette to make for a great bite.  Prosciutto wrapped figs were also on the antipasto plate.\n\nI tried a variety of their pizzas.  My favorite would be their margherita.  All of the ingredients were good.  There was a good tomato sauce, nicely melted mozzarella (the right amount too) and fragrant basil.  I did feel those same ingredients shined more at Los Angeles Italian pizzerias like Pizzeria Mozza and Milo & Olive.  I also felt the crust at Pizzeria Bianco was a tad bland.  The crust at Pizzeria Bianco though was uniformly thin and crispy.\n\nI also had their margherita pizza and added prosciutto and arugula.  This was a good pizza though the prosciutto at Pizzera Mozza has a much more delicious flavor as well as a more satisfying thin and soft texture.  Their Wiseguy pizza with fennel sausage, roasted onion and smoked mozzarella was okay though I personally have never been a fan of pizzas without tomato sauce.\n\nService was quick and pleasant.\n\nPrices are okay.  Given that Pizzeria Bianco is a pizzeria, you are obviously going to be able to dine here at a much lower cost than other highly celebrated Phoenix restaurants, which tend to be more upscale and feature fine dining prices.  Pizzeria Bianco is priced similarly to most Los Angeles Italian pizzerias though it offers more reasonable prices than Pizzeria Mozza.\n\nPizzeria Bianco is a good option for Italian style pizza though I have enjoyed other places more for Italian style pizza like Los Angeles' Pizzeria Mozza and Milo & Olive and Minneapolis' Pizzeria Lola; while Pizzeria Lola does not have the great crust of Pizzeria Bianco, I felt the toppings, sauce and cheese at Pizzeria Lola were all more delicious.  I also thought my recent trip to Los Angeles' order-at-the-counter Pitfire put out a more satisfying pizza.\n\nStill, Pizzeria Bianco has a lot of history and it has inspired many pizzerias across the country including Pizzeria Mozza.  Given Pizzeria Bianco's similarities to many other Italian style pizzerias found in major metros like Los Angeles and San Francisco, it might not be the best choice if you are only in Phoenix for a night or two.  But if you can try some food that is more unique to Phoenix and still have a few lunch or dinner slots open, Pizzeria Bianco is worth a visit.\n\nI am not sure what the parking situation is in Downtown Phoenix, but it looks like parking would be easier to find here than downtown areas in other bigger cities like Los Angeles, Chicago and San Francisco.  Pizzeria Bianco also offers valet parking.