Went to this place on Canada Day for their all you can eat dinner menu and it was a horrible experience. Definitely wasnt worth the 25.98 .\n\nLayout\nFirst of all, the seating arrangements are ridiculous, they have tables set up in unreachable corners and expect ppl sit there, they have a table hitched onto a side piece of the wall, a table of three for that matter with the third person sitting in the middle of the aisle facing the wall.. one table that's in the corner is too close to the window with the open sign plug dangling on your arm and the drapes probably go into the food. Also, the washroom is in a stupid place, its as if someone is going to the washroom on your table, they have squeeze behind you and then you a whiff of whatever they did when they open it.. the table should be somewhere else. \n\nService\nIt wasn't even busy when we got there, yet we waited half an hr just to get our orders and our complimentary orders which should have come first, they offer two complimentary dishes and we only got one, their excuse was that it was busy in the kitchen so it would probably come out later on, but it never did. We waited forever to get a refill on our water, we had to wave someone down for that. They only give one napkin each which we also had to beg for. It just took way too long to get anything.. we ordered 3 times and we didn't even get most of our stuff from the first sheet, and again their excuse was it was busy in the kitchen so order it again. Also, as we sat there we saw many ppl come in for take out but they also waited about an hr to get their food and still left disappointed.\n\nFood\nEverything wasn't horrible, but most things were. the beef teriyaki was chewy, beef rib had too much fat, spicy salmon roll was not like it should have been, it was made like a salmon salad with chives and some kind of sweet mayo which was disgusting! they are stingy with their fish pieces, i got rainbow roll and the pieces of fish on top were so thin like a little piece of paper. The shrimp and crab tempura was so greasy like it was literally a bowl of grease.. The shrimp skewers tasted like it came out of a sand pit.. we ordered that on our first sheet and didn't even get it until an hr later. the chicken was good which was probably the only thing. We got mango and strawberry ice cream which was the highlight of the whole visit along with our departure.\n\nif it was possible i would have only given them half a star.. we definitely will not be coming here again unless its free (maybe not even then).