My son and I flew to Phoenix for a one night trip to see a Phoenix Coyotes hockey game. I searched for the closest hotel to that venue, and the Glendale Renaissance fit that bill. I first looked on their website for prices, then on a whim decided to look and see what Orbitz could come up with. I ended up with a two queen bed room and a rental car package for way less than $300 so I booked it. I was extremely pleased walking into the hotel and seeing how nice it was. Modern, clean, well appointed, with efficient and friendly staff going out of their way to be helpful. The room was a bit larger than your typical chain hotel room, with a separate bar pantry area with a mini-fridge, cabinet and coffee maker. There was a desk, a dresser, and an HD flat panel TV, along with a chair\/ottoman for relaxation. Internet access was available for a fee; around $13. I passed. The bathroom was done on a tile floor\/travertine wall tile motif; very nice. Aveda brand soaps and toiletries...nice touch. The beds were very comfortable, and the room was fairly quiet for the most part. It was easy to hear traffic noise from the nearby freeway and shopping center, but it wasn't bad. The hotel has a very nice spa area, a store with a coffee bar (it serves up Starbucks coffee and beverages), as well as a bar area and a restaurant. Room service is available until 11pm, and wasn't exorbitantly expensive. There is a 24 hour fitness room, and a business center. They also offer two kiosks near the registration desk where airline boarding passes can be printed for free. Parking is $5 a day for valet service, or $11 to self park. It is a very short walk to Jobing.com arena, University of Phoenix Stadium, or Westgate Center...a shopping\/residential neighborhood that reminded me a bit of Downtown Disney without the Disney. Best of all...there is a Gordon Biersch brewpub nearby, and a HUGE Cabela's less than a mile away! I really recommend this place if you're going to check out a Coyotes game, or even a college or Cardinals football game.