Being an avid champagne drinker, I made it a point to come out and try Narcisse Champagne and Tea Lounge. Myself and two girlfriends came in on a Thursday for a quick bite to eat and some champagne before attending another event. We were seated by one hostess at one table, wherein another hostess came back almost immediately and asked us to move to another table because that table was actually reserved. So, no biggie, we moved to another table. The decor is unique in that it is clean and modern, while adding artistic flairs in all the right spots. It's kind of a modern-boudoir fusion. \n\nAnyhow, we get to the next table, and take a look over the menu. It's a great menu, offering a lot of small plates and a few entrees as well. There is definitely something for everyone on the menu...that is if they happen to have it that night. Our waitress came over, and the first three things I tried to order, they were out of that night. The waitress apologetically stated \"We have only been open a month, and we are already switching things around on the menu\". Fantastic, I understand. The menu should then be re-printed to reflect those changes. We finally settle on a few items, and order a non-vintage Tat. The prices are expensive, but that is to be expected in a champagne lounge, and I didn't find them to be astronomically so. Once the menu is settled I'm sure that things will run more smoothly, and the food we did get was very good. As to be expected, the champagne list is phenomenal. \n\nJust as I am getting finally getting comfortable after moving tables and going through several options before ordering, a girl comes over and introduces her as one of the people in charge of memberships. I would have listened to her, but she was dressed so inappropriately and unprofessionally, revealing far too much for a work environment. I understand that Narcisse is a club environment at night, but more than anything your staff should always exude class in a champagne lounge. I am not interested in seeing your staff member's nipples through her dress, which was short enough that she hopefully didn't need to bend over for anything. There are other clothing options to still show off the figure you have, while still remaining classy and professional, especially while trying to interest customers in a membership. This is a champagne lounge, not the champagne room at a strip club.