As a visitor from CA, I am thankful for Yelp for leading me to a restaurant that is not a chain and has some character in Peoria.  This cool, little bar and taqueria was a refreshing change from the chain restaurant overload of Cheesecake Factory, PF Chang, Raising Cane, etc., in this area of Peoria. \n\nUpon walking in, I liked the look of the place. I liked the combination of modern and rustic decor along with the Dia de Los Muertos type of skulls throughout.  An inviting bar was in the middle of the restaurant. The friendly hostess directed us to the dining area.  I love myself some tequila-based libations, especially margaritas,  so I ordered myself one with fresh pureed watermelon, The Revolu Rita.  Our server said it was a good choice.  Mmm, mmm, mmm. This was refreshing margarita goodness. \n\nThe menu was filled with many delicious-sounding things. Ordered the Roasted Brussel Sprouts and these things were amazing.  Charred to perfection with bacon, onions, tomatillo sauce and queso. All these ingredients came together for a perfect appetizer.  We scarfed these things down. Delicious!  Revolu's owner, Jerry, came by and asked us how we liked them, and I declared them the best brussel sprouts I have ever had in a restaurant. Upon first bites, I was trying to break down the ingredients in my head to make them at home. SO GOOD! \n\nThe three of us at the table then proceeded to order a variety of street tacos. My eyes were bigger than my head, and I ordered four. I got the Grilled Shrimp, Carne Asada, Carnitas and Chorizo Y Papas.  The Grilled Shrimp and Carnitas were my faves of the bunch.  I was stuffed between the sprouts and these. I was ready to be wheeled out of the restaurant at this point.\n\nOur server was attentive,  very friendly and helpful. The owner, Jerry, was fantastic.  We learned he was originally from San Diego. I really enjoyed talking to him and learning about his recipes and restaurant. I thank him for bringing his Revolu Taqueria + Bar to Peoria.  I look forward to trying out more of his menu on my next trip to AZ.