One day while I was a passenger on Route 8, I turned Yelp on and followed the road.  This bakery is one of the spots I found and bookmarked.  A few days ago, it happened to be open so we popped in.  We were greeted and offered complimentary ladylocks.  She also showed us around and pointed out their various specialties.  I'd hoped for buying a single cookie or two, which is possible with the elaborately decorated cut-out cookies, but the buckeyes and Pittsburgh specialties are sold by the dozen.  I'm glad we were pointed to the refrigerated case where there are sampler packs.  I thought about the peanut butter sampler (4 buckeyes, 4 peanut butter blossons, and 4 peanut butter cookies baked around peanut butter cups) because I am a peanut butter fiends, but I decided instead to get the sampler pack with 12 different cookies.  Most of the dozens, whether singular or sampler, were about $10.  I thought it would be fun to share all these classic Pittsburgh cookie-table cookies with my husband, and justified this purchase by planning to do a weird thing my family does: cut everything in even fractions.  I expected my mom to be offended that I bought all the cookies she knows how to bake at a bakery (I planned to use the come back \"but you don't anymore\") but both she and my dad were pleasantly surprised when I appeared on their doorstep.  It's been several days now and the 4 of us have been doing an incredibly disciplined job of nursing this sampler pack to its max. My husband had never had a buckeye before (dear ol' mom \"ran out of time\" and did not make them for the cookie table for our wedding!) but had only had most of the other varieties that one time at our wedding.  Still, two years out, it was fun to have again: kolaci, nut balls, pecan tassies, peanut butter blossoms, and buckeyes.  There was some sort of caramel-nut shortbread, a citrus-iced cut-out cookie, an excellent coconut macaroon, a miniature cheesecake, a chocolate cupcake, and maybe something else.  While no one cookie was knock-my-socks-off amazing, it was a really fun experience that lasted for days!  I agree with others that the baked goods here are a classic Pittsburgh experience.  If I lived here, I would consider getting the sampler for out-of-town visitors.  It mimics so many fond memories without the insanity of baking all twelve varieties yourself!\n\nEdit: I originally posted this as a 4 star review.  I upgraded it to the full FIVE after I had the last two cookies (ssh don't tell the fam).  I was having trouble sleeping and they called to me from the refrigerator.  I am picky about cake, but the miniature chocolate cupcake was so fudgy it knocked my socks off.  In went all four little quarters of it.  Next went the peanut butter cookie with the peanut butter cup, which was good.  But it was the cupcake that was the surprise hit.