After multiple estimates, we chose Noble because of price, they accepted credit cards, and because some of the comparable quotes came from companies whose license & insurance had EXPIRED.  \n\nThe scheduling was a bit difficult due to the Thanksgiving holiday backing them up, but the contact there always remained in touch as he saw how their availability progressed.\n\nThe day of the appointment, their trucks arrived about 10 min early, and within 5 minutes there were SIX people already doing their own of the various different projects.  Two guys immediately started climbing our large pine tree and working on that, another one had an extended chain saw and went to the backyard, two others worked together to cut down and immediately pick up one of the trees leaning into our neighbor's property.  The last guy was cleaning up the mess from the original tree in our backyard that had broken due to weather, causing us to call for tree trimming in the first place.  He was also helping to clean up as the backyard guy continued to do his work.\n\nIt was impressive to see them all work together so efficiently.  We offered them all water and I don't even know how they drank any since the 6 seemed to be working non-stop.\n\nThe results were healthier looking trees, and I noticed that where other companies had said they would need to remove entire large chunks of some of the trees, Noble's guys trimmed only as much as was necessary.\n\nIt was clear they had the proper knowledge and equipment for each job.  (The two guys working in the giant tree moved effortlessly like monkeys that had grown up in trees all their lives! )\n\nOne company had told us it would take about 5 hours to do everything, and Noble had said 2-3, but they were done, with everything cleaned up in just over 2 hours.\n\nThere were a couple misunderstandings regarding which stumps to remove, and how many we actually had (our mistake), but the guy in charge took care of the extra stump at no charge to satisfy us.\n\nWhen it was all complete, I was also impressed at how tidy everything was left.  Of course there were tiny twig pieces here and there, but from about 10 feet away looking at our front lawn or even backyard, you couldn't tell.  If you hadn't known we needed to get work done, you would never have known they were there.  They were a completely self-contained, super efficient, professional unit. \n\nAfter signing for the payment, I was pleasantly surprised that the coordinator did not linger for any type of gratuity...but they definitely deserved it so we gave the guys a tip to share anyway.\n\nWe would hire them again in a second, and will refer them to anyone with tree trimming\/stump removal needs!