I can put up with a lot of crap, mostly because I've discovered that Las Vegas is NOT a customer service town.  You disagree with me?  Well, then...I have two words for you.  Automatic Gratuity.  In my opinion, no matter what the size of the party, gratuity should not be an automatic thing, waitresses are paid a flat wage for what they do and whatever they make in tips is a reflection of their customer service skills.  Regardless, I'm MORE THAN willing to forgive less than stellar food or products if the customer service was good.  In fact, amazing customer service will probably prompt me to return to a location despite any issues I may have with food or drinks.  This is not the case with this location, and as the rude manager, Chris, informed me...I'll be the first negative Yelp that their location receives, despite the fact that, presently, the past Yelps are on my sidebar and I see two 2 star reviews already...without even looking further.  \n\nI went to this location with a work party on Friday night.  We had a pretty large group and were greeted by a waitress we had dealt with before, Emily.  Now, the first time we dealt with her, she made it a point to tell us that it was her first night there and while the service wasn't great, it was understandable with a new job.  In that time, her confidence must have skyrocketed because she was a bit belligerent on Friday night, but also seemed very much overwhelmed.\n\nAs she was placing down some of the food that had been ordered, my office manager approached her and said...\"Hi, when you're finished, I'd like to order another drink.\"  Seems like a normal bar request, right?  Apparently not as Emily barely spared her a glance and loudly replied, \"Ok, honey...well, I'm the only waitress on staff and you'll need to wait.\"  I'm sorry, to speak to a grown woman like she's a child and you're her parent, are you kidding me?!\n\nMy manager sat back down, looked at me and said...\"I'm ready to go, I won't be drinking anything else.\"  Sure enough, when Emily FINALLY came back to our table, my manager waved her off and muttered something about her customer service skills.  Actually, most of the night, my manager spoke to the members of her staff that had shown up about how rude Emily was or muttered straight to her about something that had further annoyed her.  To cap off our night with Emily, we took a tally when everyone was leaving.  A grand total of THREE ordered drinks never made it back to the people that had ordered.  A+, honey!\n\nIt was at this point that I pulled out my phone to start a Yelp about what had happened.  The only problem was, there's more than one PT's location down Hualapai, so when Emily came back, I asked her what the address was for our location.  She didn't know.  Furthermore, another waitress didn't know.\n\nWhen the manager finally showed up to confront my office manager about HER attitude, it ended with a verbal altercation where she stood up and said she was leaving.  I can only supposed that he NEEDED to get the last word in, so he told her...\"please do!\"  I'm unsure if he really cared, wanted to save face or just rub salt in the wound, but he then approached the remaining people in our party, shook hands and asked about their experience.  I approached him, explained that my manager was understandably pissed off, but that I was calm and willing to explain what had happened to put her in that state.  He not only seemed less than apologetic when I told him what Emily had said, but assured me that nobody had ever complained about her and that she worked at three locations.  \n\nFinally, I told him that two of his waitresses didn't even know the address and that they should be further trained.  Again, he reiterated that they worked at several PT's around the area and I replied that when I was 18, I had been employed at three jobs to get by and could have told anybody the addresses and phone numbers of each location.  He seemed to scoff a bit at my make believe world of actually knowing where you're employed and I asked him what would happen if somebody called to get the location?  He replied that his staff was trained to tell anybody that calls that the nearest crossroad was Flamingo\/Hualapai...which is actually half a mile away from this location.  I replied to him that he should know that most GPS systems don't operate on crossroad instructions, but rather an actual address.\n\nOnce again, I'm unsure how I'm supposed to move on from this experience when this is clearly the only bar in Las Vegas.  Where else am I supposed to go to watch sports or get a drink or enjoy good food.  Wait, excuse me?  There's a Buffalo Wild Wings on the other side of Flamingo\/Hualapai?  I won't smell like a cigarette factory when I leave there?  Emily and Chris don't work there?  Well, why didn't you say so before?!  Thank you for the memories, PT's, sorry I had to grace you with your first negative review.