Worst experience ever! This place might be cheap and who the hell knows if they are able to churn out quality care, but i doubt it, given that the dentist who saw me was like 12 years old and had the manners of  chimp. The only redeeming thing about this spot is the LOVELY patient sweet girl at the front desk. \nI am in pain, have a root abscess and need an extraction and I specifically called and made sure they would most likely be able to help me 97% of extractions they do! they said...or they'll help me one way or another with a root canal if necessary, i have a time constraint...  i am going out of town that weekend and need it done before i go lest it becomes unbearably infected, so i waited for this appointment 3 days and drove 30 min to the \"office\".. There was a very long wait in the dental chair, but ok, sometimes dentists do this cus a patient's time is not that important right? finally the dentist shows up, takes a look and states he recommends a root canal, i have a different dental plan with my regular dentist who is out of town that week, so i insist on an extraction which i NEED NOW as i am in pain and leaving town, he disappears, but not before belittling me a bit saying that the dental plan i am referencing that i have with my dentist costs as much as most of his patient's homes....NICE. His assistant comes back tells me he can;t perform the extraction and does't have the time for a root canal. He doesn't even bother to tell me this or say bye or lay eyes on me again, or provide me with suggestions, i have this painful abscessed tooth that can blow up in my head any second while i am out of town on the trip and i wasted my chance of getting it taken care of with this 12 year old dentist who didn't even bother to wave goodbye or give me options. what am i to do? It's Friday, i am leaving town, i specifically made the appointment and waited because they told me they would take care of me, and I cannot drive around all day on a Friday looking for a same day dental surgeon?!?! The sweet front desk girl tries to calm me down, she tells me that some cases are complex, etc. ah a second ago he didn't have the time for me..., now it's too complex? .all the things that idiot dentist should have telling me anyways not the receptionist, , she then tries to get me an appointment with someone else, everyone is booked, finally she finds an over 500$ extractionist who will take me on the same day. If i was looking to pay over 500$ i would have gone to a local specialist and not wasted my day driving to this ghetto office. Then they tell me they are billing my insurance for the exam! what?!?!?! you are billing me for how i wasted my chance of getting the problem fixed and my day driving god knows where, waiting an hour, to be seen for 3 min by some disappearing kid, only to be told by his assistant that the dentist cannot help me. WOW, great business practice. \n\nI went home crying, i was crying in the office too and i am not one to ever make a scene but it was too frustrating, i was in pain and felt so demoralized, it was like i wasn't a person to this dentist. I went home and after 3o min of calling around found a dentist nearby who would take me, and definitely actually help me and not just glance at me and charge me for an exam. But when this office called Deer Valley Smiles for my ex rays (for which deer valley told me i would be charged) Deer Valley said i'd have to come back and sign a release, they won't release them?!?! I can't even get my records for which i paid without coming back? no one told me this, i would have signed a release there, why didn't they say, they knew i was getting follow up care?!, plus they all knew my predicament cus it got quite dramatic, i had just left, obviously if i am requesting the Ex RAYs be forwarded i have found a dentist to take care of my problem, less than an hour passed between my leaving deer valley smiles offices in tears and the dentist i found requesting the info...but nope, they won't release it. \n\nWORST EXPERIENCE EVER, SO NOT WORTH DISCOUNTED FEES....quality starts with basic consideration for the human beings who visit your office, If you do not show any care for people who come through your office how are they to entrust you with their smiles, their hard earned money, their fears? AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL