My wife and two kids went to PHB on 5\/8\/15.  We were in town picking up our son from ASU.  Our first choice was a one hour wait. So we went there and arrived at 9:25 pm, it closed at 10:30.  Our hostess set us down in the main dining room.  There were 6 other tables being used, and two or three had dirty dishes from previous patrons.  \nWe were asked if we wanted something to drink, my kids had sodas, my wife and I had a beer and asked for a glass of water.  The sodas and beers arrived and we asked for the water again.   10 minutes later our waiter arrived and took our order.  We asked for the water again, and he said it would be there shortly. They brought an appetizer to our table, but no water, so we asked again..this time he brought it for us.\nWe waited and waited for our food, and it did not arrive, but the waiter came to see what kind of dressing our son wanted on his salad.  We informed him that he had not ordered a salad. He had our table confused with someone else.  During this time, there was another couple sitting next to us, that was trying to get someones attention to pay their bill.  Finally someone came by.\nOur food arrived at about 10:25.  My lasagna was in a dish, tasted like Mona Lisa's (costco brand) lasagna, that they cut a slice and put into a dish and put it in the broiler.  Everything was totally melted down, the pasta was so over cooked...it was not very good.  The pizza was just basic pizza.\nAbout 10:45 our bill arrived.  BEFORE THAT NO ONE CAME BY TO SEE HOW OUR FOOD WAS OR IF WE NEEDED ANYTHING ELSE..\nWe put our credit card on top of the folder visible to anyone walking by.  OH YEAH, when our food arrived we were the only ones left in the restaurant, and they started cleaning the place up.  knocking dishes and glasses all around us, then they started to mop the place with some foul smelling cleanser, which is probably OK as long as no one is there eating or digesting their food.\nWe waited about five minutes for someone to pick up our bill, finally we just got up and paid it and left.  Terrible service...Food, just ok..nothing special...We should have stayed at Oregano's down the street.