I'm honestly truly bummed that this was my first time at the R bar! How have I never heard of or been to this place before?!\n\nFor starters, this place is GORGEOUS.  I mean obviously it's gorgeous - it's tucked away in the Camelback Inn resort FYI.  This place is surrounded with just a ridiculous number of gorgeous views.  Mountains, lights, a small chapel...  The architecture here is phenomenal! And don't even get me started on how beautiful the sunset looks here! Just wow.  And that's all right outside of the R bar. I wish I had more time to explore the entire resort... Oh well, I guess I'll just have to come back.  I can definitely see why this place is a celebrity hot spot.\n\nI don't know the exact details, but this place certainly has a lot of history behind it. I believe this resort was partially built\/invested by a man named John Lincoln who is originally from Cleveland, Ohio.  He and his wife moved to AZ because his wife suffered from TB and he believed that the dry climate would be better for her. \n\nAnyway, back to the R bar.  This place offers a ton of comfortable seating.  The ambiance is very warm and relaxed.  There's a ton of space indoors, but the outside patio is HUGE! The entire patio is covered in additional chairs and tables, all of which are surrounded by water misters, ANDDDD the coolest part? There's live music in the evening!  The patio definitely had more of a romantic feel to it.\n \nI sat at the indoor bar and was very pleased with the service.  I came here for happy hour and one particular bartender (I'm pretty sure he's one of the favorites!), Joe, was absolutely amazing.  He was so friendly and welcoming.  And boy, he sure knows how to make a good drink.  I didn't order his \"signature margarita,\" but everyone around me did.  Multiple times.  Actually, I met quite a few people who said \"I don't order this margarita unless Joe makes it.\"  What a guy! \n\nI ordered the camelback mule which was delicious! I was afraid it was going to taste too sweet or have a strong vodka taste, but Joe definitely knows what he's doing! I also had the salsa and guac as well as the habanero wings.  The chips, salsa and guac were all good, but the wings were GREAT.  Although they weren't even a tiny bit spicy, they had a ton of flavor packed into them.  Actually, to be honest, I kind of wish I opted out of the chips and salsa and placed another order for the wings instead... Oh well, next time!\n\nLong story short, this is definitely a place to check out.  Whether you're just grabbing a drink or snack with some friends, a loved one, or celebrating a special occasion, this is a great place to go.  I'll be sure to update my review the next time I stop by.  I'm going to try and squeeze in a resort day before I leave AZ!\n\nP.S.  FYI no outside food is allowed.  If you want to bring a birthday cake, don't.  They charge you $5\/slice cutting fee...