We went to for a date night.  Sadly enough, being born and raised in Hawaii, I never got around to going to any of the Roy's restaurants.  I guess when you've got so many different choices for Hawaiian fusion food, I never got around to it.\n\nI ended up with the winter pre fixe for $35 choosing: Rock Shrimp Tempura (Shishito, Shimeji, Malaysian Curry Aioli), Tender Braised Beef Short Ribs (Creamy Mashed Potatoes, Natural Braising Sauce), and for dessert, Roy's Melting Hot Chocolate Soufflé.  They were all very excellent choices.  The shrimp tempura is cut into bite-sized pieces and tossed in the sauce.  It was a touch sweet, but still crunchy and very yummy.  The short ribs were super tender (no need for a knife) and very tasty.  It did remind me a bit of a homemade pot roast.  I split the dessert with my husband which was a good choice because it was really rich.  It came with vanilla ice cream and a raspberry sauce on the side.\n\nThe hubby started with the The Original Hawaiian Martini (in classic Hawaiian fashion, our Maui pineapples are drenched in SKYY Vodka, Stoli Vanil Vodka and Malibu Coconut Rum. Shaken and served with fresh pineapple) and really enjoyed it.  He said all the flavors mixed together really well and it was a very smooth drink.  Later on he also tried Roy's Island Mai Tai (a 1940's classic with a contemporary twist. A sweet blend of Castillo White Rum, fresh pineapple, orange curacao and Myers Dark Rum for a flavor found only at Roy's).  He enjoyed this one also but preferred the martini just a bit more.  He said the mai tai had a bit of a bite to it.\n\nFor dinner, he started with the Crispy Karaage Calamari (Yuzu Aioli & Thai Basil Almond Pesto).  They were very lightly breaded and had the 'o's and baby squid tentacles in the mix.  I enjoyed the yuzu sauce while the hubby preferred the pesto.  The pesto made me think Italian restaurant, not Asian.  As a main course he decided (with some prodding from me) on the Hawaiian Style Misoyaki Butterfish (Hong Kong Sizzling Peanut Oil & Soy Vinaigrette).  I didn't get to taste it (one of the few times he didn't share a bite) but he loved it.  He even ate super slow to try to make it last longer.\n\nOverall, the service was very quick and friendly.  My husband was wearing black and instead of the white napkins on the table, they offered him a black one so he wouldn't get white lint on his clothes.  He felt very fancy.  All the food came out very quickly and always piping hot.  We thought it was great and will probably make another trip back sometime in the future.