Maybe it's me. Maybe at 32, I'm just \"over\" the club scene in Vegas. I don't know. All I DO know is that my experience at Marquee left me feeling a little let-down.\n\nBut before I go all hater, let's explore the pros: I waited in line for less than 10 minutes and got in free. Yay. But it's Vegas, and being a woman, this is pretty standard. The Cosmopolitan itself is a nice hotel, and Marquee had a nice layout, with three floors and decent 'atmosphere.' On this particular night, ladies drank for free til midnight, I think, which is always nice. And the music in the hip hop room was great!\n\nAnd now... onto the cons: For starters, THE STAIRS. Ho-ly crap, I should've packed sneakers in my clutch, cause upon leaving the line to enter the club we were climbing stairs for what seemed like AGES, and in 4-inch heels, that is a killer!! From one set of stairs to the next to the next - seriously? By the time we got to the first floor I felt like I'd just spent 20 minutes on a Stairmaster. The drinks, while free, were nasty. WAY too strong; the bartender must've used an eyedropper to add the coke to my rum. But perhaps they want everyone to get buzzed quickly, I don't know.\n\nThe hip hop room was JAM packed. I go to the club to dance, but how can you dance when the room is so full you can't even lift your arm without jabbing someone in the side? It was literally impossible to move. Given that, everyone trying to move through the crowd was pushing and shoving, it was literally a hot mess. The largest floor played all that techno\/trance\/house crap, music with no lyrics and a relentlessly annoying beat that made me feel like I was trying to dance inside a crack-addicts head. Who LISTENS to that? And how do you DANCE to it? No really... someone please tell me, cause I really don't know. \n\nI can see the appeal of Marquee for some people, truly. From the looks of things, the drunk 21-26 year olds LOVE this place, so good for them. For me though, this just wasn't the place to be. There were women and men who were clearly older than me who seemed to be having a decent time, standing around drinking. So maybe it's not my age, maybe it's just me. I just know when I go to club, I go to dance, and when I don't get to do that, I don't have a good time. So sorry Marquee - just 2 stars from me.