My fiance and I decided to go out for sushi last minute and decided on Stingray's Happy Hour. We sit at the sushi bar every other time we have been here and have always had decent service. This time was a completely different story. \n\nWe asked to sit out back on the patio and take advantage of the 70 degree weather. Worst decision we made all day. Our waitress, whom we hadn't had the \"pleasure\" of meeting yet, was busy letting the customers behind us know she forgot to put one of their rolls in and it wouldn't be out for another ten minutes. After she left you could hear the disappointment as they talked about how good the food was, but the service was terrible. I knew this was gonna be a completely different experience than we were used to after hearing that.\n\n15, literally, 15 minutes later my waitress hasn't even acknowledged our presence and I'm getting rather parched. At one point I asked my fiance if this was a sushi buffet and we were just unaware. After the jokes about their service I took the menu up with our rolls marked off and kindly found the girl who seated us. I asked her if I was supposed to walk the menu up to the sushi bar myself and put my order in. Then I asked here where the glasses were for water so I could proceed to go pour us some water behind the bar. Needless to say it still took another five minutes to finally meet our server after the confrontation. \n\nFrom here on out it was smooth sailing and we had our little sushi rolls that we thoroughly enjoy. We discussed over dinner if I should say something to the \"manager\" or not and finally at the end decided a 15 minute wait in this type of industry is just unexplainable. So when the bill came I asked for the manager and he promptly came out and acknowledged that she only had 3 tables in her corner and there should have never been that long of a wait. I agreed, thanked him for understanding, and proceeded to pay my bill. He never offered to adjust it in any way and I decided since he wasn't adjusting my bill for his establishment's terrible service, I wouldn't adjust my tip to show the server any compensation for his lack of judgement. \n\nFrom now on, we will always sit at the sushi bar because it has never been a bad experience, I can see my rolls being made, and the sushi chefs are way more funny and sadly more competent than the rest of the staff.