Not a surprise that they are only 3 stars. Again, as usual, I only check reviews when there is an issue, and that is about to change! So let's shock you first, when I say their instructor Angela almost killed my 2 year old daughter, because mr. owner didn't exactly give the instructors the correct instructions, She left my baby alone on the step in the water thinking nothing would happen, but apparently my daughter decided to play with the bar, and oops slipped and was stuck under water! Thank god I was there and happened to yell to the instructor that my daughter was drowning. She got so scared, and was so embarrassed that she didn't even apologize. I talked to the owner and decided not to press charges because he said he will fire her. They never fired her, but I knew I would not let any instructor with them besides Victoria or Andrews. I should of been Compensated with free lessons with Mia for the rest of her life, but they obviously they  don't care about customer service. Then they tried to raise the price on me and said the owner himself told me he doesn't understand why Rebecca is so hard on me, and he told me that he told her to take care of me. So let's move on to how these people are being thieves now. So the disrespectful manager who just got her position calls me and says, hey your due to make your payment, like if it's a monthly payment. I pay $500 for 15 private sessions. He only went maybe 5 times and she wants a payment because on there end they had a day that I had no clue about, or was ever even informed that he was missing that lesson. There whole system is screwed up, so she told me first make a payment and then I will go over the makeups? I wouldn't mind them going to makeups, but they don't have anything available with the only 2 teachers I accept, so is my money supposed to go to the garbage? They for sure don't want to give me availability because it's impossible that no one ever cancels. So since I started with them I never ever questioned about my lessons, but finally, I started noticing that they are charging me non stop, and what's really going on? So, there system shows you nothing about when your child attended. I asked to speak with one of the owners and she says that they can't speak with me, and she needs the payment. I said no, I will not pay until I speak with the owner, and guess what, I can't. I can only speak with this little girl, that has no experience or even cares about her owners business. That's a shame, that one little girl ruins everything you built, but she's the person running the business, so do yourself all a favor, and watch out. I decided that I will move forward with the lawsuit, because it's not ok that there isn't the correct supervision over that place. So Mr. owner, I hope now you might want to give me a call, or since your only 3 stars maybe you don't even care or check your customers feedback.