This is my first review here on yelp, so bear with me. Anyways, thanks to a buddy of mine (who is also a yelper) I have discovered a new outlook and love for Korean food. My past experiences consisted pretty much of Korean table BBQ (which is great!) and their instant noodles. That is pretty much all I knew until I went to the Soyo Korean Barstaurant. The variety of different types of Korean foods was amazing since I didn't know they existed. I mean I knew that there had to be more to Korean foods, but I just had the impression that they only specialized in BBQ. \n\nSome of the dishes that I tried were the \"Odang\" (fish cake soup) which was absolutely amazing! On my first sip of the broth it reminded me of the Japanese Miso soup, but just 20 times better and a lot richer in flavor. Another dish that I tried was the whole fried chicken with the salt\/pepper and the sesame oil. The chicken was cooked just perfectly, so it wasn't too dry, moreover the skin was nice and crispy with lots of flavor. For those of you that prefer a heavier flavor you can use the salt\/pepper combo or sesame seed oil which compliment the chicken perfectly. \n\nMy personal favorite at Soyo is the Budae jjigae which is an Army based stew. To give you a a quick overview of what it is, it's basically a bunch of stuff tossed in a big pot of spicy soup. The \"stuff\" consists pretty much of korean instant noodles, spam, hot dogs, sausage, rice cakes, and kimchi. This may seem like an odd combination for a soup, but TRUST me, it's the perfect dish for those cold days. It's also a good alternative to the typical bar food that you may eat, and after having the Budae jjigae, I would choose it over the buffalo wings, french fries etc. any day of the week.\n\nI have tried some other dishes as well, unfortunately I forget the names of them, but let me tell you that they all were delicious! It's not everyday that you can find a restaurant where you like everything that they serve.\n\nNot only is the food absolutely amazing, but the staff is friendly as well and very attentive. They also serve a variety of different types of alcohol, and specialize in a variety flavors of soju. Prices are also very reasonable. Overall I give this place 4 stars as of right now, I would give it 5 stars but since I don't have another place to compare it to currently I can't determine if it deserves a perfect score or not.\n\nSo yes, definitely check this place out if you get the chance, it's worth the time, worth the drive, and worth the money.\n\nSoyo is so great I vow never to give it up, never let it down, never turn around and desert it. Never going to say good bye and never going to tell a lie...