Ugh. So unfortunate. We have hired these guys twice to do work on our house. The first time was to pump our septic. When they got there they realized they didn't have enough hose to get to the tank. We had loads of guests coming to the house so I started to panic. However, Josh, the owner called around and got another company with a larger truck and more hose to come to the house to pump the tank. \n\nThe second time, we had a clog backing up the drains in our house. They sent a nice young man who, after a long time trying to figure out where the clog was and where he could snake, snaked the drain and quickly got everything cleared up. While there, he looked at our septic tank and thought something might be wrong with it and called Josh to try and figure out what was going on. Ultimately, he couldn't figure it out and offered to send out someone else (at my expense, of course) to determine what is going on with the tank. Clearly, he was green and not very knowledgeable about plumbing, but I got charged for 2 hours of plumber's labor at $90 per hour for him to try to figure everything out. Based on our first experience, I let it slide.\n\nI just called them again to try to get someone out to figure out the septic tank. The scheduler advised me that, though I paid for a plumber's time for 2 hours and got a \"drain cleaner\" who was unable to diagnose the problem, I would now have to pay for an actual experienced plumber to come out to give me a bid to deal with the septic. Another $90, minimum, just for the bid. Though I had already paid them for 2 hours of someone's time trying to diagnose the problem during time 2, they wanted me to pay again. Sadly, the scheduler said that it was my fault that she sent a drain cleaner rather than a plumber on time 2 (and charged me the plumber's rate, no less!) because I didn't tell her during time 2 that there might be something wrong with my septic leach field. How am I to know that something might be wrong with my leach field? Isn't that what I paid them, the plumbers (oh wait, drain cleaners?) for?\n\nIt's too bad--I really respected their approach from time 1. Clearly, Josh has the right attitude for running the company and taking care of customers. Sadly, his scheduler doesn't operate the same way.