This review is specifically about my experience cancelling my service. I have been a Dish TV customer for 5 years. I have never had problems with the service. There were a few channels I would have liked to have included that weren't, but overall, the basic lineup worked. About six months ago, my bill started mysteriously going up for no reason. Ten dollars here, five dollars there. I could never get a good explanation. But at that point, I knew I would be moving out of state, and they were still cheaper than cable, so I didn't want to change providers. So I was already a little disgruntled with the service as it was. It seems like the best selling point for Dish TV is that it isn't as crappy as cable. Pretty low expectations.\n\nI called the 800 number to find out about moving\/canceling my service about a week ago, but told Dish I would have to find out the rules of the apartment where I am moving.  I then found out that I am moving to a place where they don't allow the dish to be bolted down and it has to be on a stand on the roof and somehow weighted down without being secured. Sounds sketchy, so I went with a cable provider, which gave me a better deal anyway, even with the VERY deep discount (50% cheaper than what I am paying now) that Dish TV suddenly was able to offer me (but six months ago, I get bupkis when I ask about my bill?). \n\nSo, fast forward to today. I call to definitely cancel since I have already set up service with the other provider. I spoke to Vanessa (IL01). I said I was moving and wanted to cancel. She said I could move service. I said that the place I was moving wouldn't allow dish service. This was somewhat of a fib. But I just wanted to say an easy answer rather than going through the long answer that just took the entire paragraph above. But Vanessa wasn't having it. She told me they couldn't legally do that. So then I had to explain about the roof\/weight\/no bolt thing. \"Oh but the technician will figure all that out for you,\" Vanessa promises. Uh-huh. Like 4 years ago when they did the same thing in an apartment I lived in and bolted the stand to the patio and I had to pay for damage when I moved out, even when I told the technician he couldn't do that. You mean like that? Which is what I told Vanessa. She then explained that Dish TV would be cheaper than anything else. I said that I had gotten a better deal. She said that there was no way I could get a better price. This went back and forth for awhile. I kept saying that I just wanted to cancel.\n\nThen Vanessa tells me they can \"suspend\" my account for 9 months. \"What does that mean exactly?\" I ask. She sighs like I am an idiot. \"You know, we suspend your account so that you can get this really good price when your cable service doesn't do what they promised.\" I ask if there is a fee for that. Five dollars she says. Five dollars total or five dollars a month? I never got an answer to that question because then she changes the subject to how much better their prices are, so I have to assume it is five dollars a month. \"You know, Vanessa, I think at this point, I really just want to cancel. Really.\" Okay, she says, like it is my funeral. But she has to get a supervisor to look at it. Of course if I need to speak to a supervisor, I can never get one, but apparently, they are all over the place when someone wants to cancel. \n\nVanessa comes back and says that they can offer me an even LOWER price. At this point, I wouldn't do it if it was free. Really. This is ridiculous. And, the dish is going to damage something one way or another on that roof and I don't want to chance it. So I say no, I just want to cancel. Really. So then Vanessa tells me that I have to DISCONNECT a piece from the dish and send it back, along with the receiver box and the remotes, and by the way, the shipping will cost at least $17, maybe more. But they can't send me the box for at least 6 weeks that I need to use to ship the stuff. So now I have to climb a ladder (do I even have a ladder?) to get to the dish, disconnect some random piece off of it that I have never seen before, haul all of this crap I don't need to California so that I can get a box in a month and a half so that I can pay to ship all this stuff back to them? Nice. But they really want to keep my business. Yeah, right.