I entered Farrar Jewelers with a concept and uncertainty of it being possible. My grandmother passed away recently and I was honored by receiving a 5-stone band of hers she wore as a wedding ring.  Years ago, after I had my daughter, she put two diamonds in a fashion ring she bought me, which I've worn as a wedding ring.  As I do not wear much jewelry, am very very picky with my style but I had a goal to reunite the diamonds she gave me, all in one ring.  She wore a size 9, I'm more of a size 4.5. Now you understand the meaning, and the potential challenge. A lot for a little finger. I presented the team with the design that inspired me, it had much smaller stones but just the reference for them to begin.  First CAD design, Rachelle was on the right track! Second one looked good, too, but I thought I had a change in mind to make it exactly what I wanted.  You know, some times it takes showing the customer what they *think* they wanted to prove what was presented really was it.  I recently picked up the final piece and they did it justice.  Whether its your design style or not - I am EXTREMELY pleased with the final product.  While I was talking to Rod during my pickup, we were talking and I just stopped and said \"it feels so comfortable!!\"  It really does.  The piece is well done, very solid, its secure where I don't have to worry about it catching on things, snagging, etc.  Everyone who has seen it says \"it's so you!\" which supports a design being well done (again, off of a reference picture of something I liked). But having something you put on immediately hit you of how comfortable it is - wow.  No tightness, I can't feel the bottom of any part of the settings, no hard edges, just amazing all around.  Having them go through the process of design, be so open with each phase and status checks, they never once made me feel like my requests or calls were of burden.  They truly understood my goal and shared the joy in the accomplishment with the final product.  What they don't know is I sent my father a picture and called him.  He told me \"she would have been honored\" and I fell apart instantly.  I barely could mutter \"that's what I hope you'd say.\"  Farrar helped me with more than jewelry and I will praise their high quality work, genuine kindness, and professionalism every chance I get. I will be back, absolutely.