Love the idea, love the food, love the ambience... this place is a pleaser for sure. They're all about wholesome foods in healthy serving sizes, and all of their dishes change frequently to match Wisconsin's produce seasonality. Basically, they're part of the capital-square-local-food-trend, which is one that'll stick because of how established the Dane County Farmers' Market is... right outside their door! I've been in a couple times for dinner and once for breakfast, and my experience has been pretty wonderful each time. The bread plate was delicious and came with a yummy salted butter, and was priced alright at $6 (I've seen $9 plates at similar restaurants in town- ridiculous). My absolutely favorite dish was the beet \"carpaccio,\" which honestly tasted exactly like a thin cut of beef or salmon just because of how tender the texture was. Perfect for meat-eaters who are trying to cut down! My family and I agreed that the roasted carrot dish was super strange, but delicious and healthy and satisfying at the same time. We loved the combo of the fennel and onion marmalade- genius. My mum got the roasted chicken and it was maybe the most juicy, flavorful roast I've had at a restaurant, and my brother and I shared the steak & frites. The steak was cooked to juicy, medium-rare perfection, and we loved the thick cut of the fries. I'm droolin' just thinking about it! We finished the meal with a rich, flourless chocolate cake in delicious cherry sauces and one of the most perfect cappuccinos I've ever tasted. The service was good, although our waitress wasn't as enthusiastic about the dishes as I would've been if I worked there! I think this place is on the right track for success, but has a few kinks to work out. For example, for breakfast I got a cardamom bun that was waaaay too sugary- all of the sugar must have melted down in the oven, creating a thick crunch at the bottom of my bite that was kinda cringe-worthy. At least I had a stellar cappuccino to wash it down! I also got to see their to-go section, which has a fab variety of salads, granola, fruit, and protein\/forage bowls. I do have faith in this place and strongly recommend having a nice dinner here. Treat yoself to some quality local goodies, even if it means grabbing something to go during your work break.