Out of all the high end price buffets on the strip unfortunately The Buffet at Bellagio was not up to par with the big boys. The dinner price you pay plus the brand name\/location would have expected better. Side note work at Bellagio never once been to the buffet when off work and always knew my gut instinct was right. Maybe I was harsh cause work at Bellagio or been to Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon (lot of yelpers feel trending top two buffets in Vegas). The size is nothing compare too the other two. So the selection not as great! The spot they had the sushi never even caught cause in odd placement. My friends that went with found it second go around. The whole time thinking got my first plate very very odd cause sushi almost given on buffet on the strip. The selection very similar to any current buffet each section focus on one style cuisine and usually couple craving stations plus given cold seafood on ice. The craving stations is the ONE thing that stood for me with The Buffet at Bellagio. This was the first time I could honestly say the prime rib was SOOOO on point. I had two servings and my friends visiting same page like impressed. The meat was cooked medium rare, awesome seasoning not need soak in in au jus for flavor, and nice hot. Another craving section with two kinds of sausages chicken sausage and regular pork. I got little of both. Both tasty. The craving station nice clean not pile of meat building up over course of the night. At Bacchanal that was gross see too much meat, excess on the board, and just mess. The crab legs like the fact bad king crab legs instead of the snow crab legs. It easier get the meat and get more meat for your effort. If you want your crab legs heated up just ask the cook they do it for you. Maybe odd time or what not we went early nice no line just walked straight in.\n\nThe dessert selection flat out the worst. Nothing much choose from and the whole look terrible set up compare to the other top buffets. No eye appeal no desire get dessert but had to cause at buffet. The flow of the buffet kind of odd. The salad section was really weak not lot of fresh or good looking topping choose from besides the green looking on the sad side. \n\nThe craving stations were the star of the show. Overall say if going spend money on dinner buffet on the strip last place would choose.