When it comes to burgers, I like to think of myself as pretty well versed. I mean, I am a carnivore. Some would call me the carnivorous​  Cassanova. Ok, maybe only I would call myself that....but just go with it. Nonetheless, I love me a good burger. Smothered in cheese. Topped with veggies. YES YES YES!\n\nRed Robin has changed over the years. Portion sizes have shrunk, prices have risen and the menu? Well, it just isn't the same anymore. The \"appear\" to have lots of selection, but really....it is the same burger reinvented over and over again. They try and glamourize it with fancy names and catsups, but they aren't fooling me. The biggest problem? The price tag that goes with it. They have become ungodly expensive, while the portions are half the size. Seems kinda shady to me. The redeeming quality would be the unlimited refills options. Not only can you get a semi load of fries.....but you can do steamed broccoli, salad and sweet potato fries now. Makes the refill options more healthful!\n\nWe were greeted at the door by a bubbly teenage hostess who took us to our table. A great way to start the dinner. She was very sweet and engaging. The restaurant appeared to be clean and I love the decor. Our server was a nice guy....although not very attentive. His kind nature made up for his lack of presence. \n\nI ordered the Royal Red Robin wrapped in lettuce. I like this burger because it is solid and filled with protein. I added bacon (because porcine goodness makes all things right with the world) and I got it cooked as rare as they would let me....which isn't very rare lemme tell ya. The burger came out cooked well done (as I asked for pink) and the lettuce wrap was an absolute mess. I asked for a side of mayo and got a teaspoon of the stuff. I love me some mayo, so I had to ask for 2 sides more to make it worth my while. The egg on the burger was cooked perfectly and the pepperjack cheese I asked for gave the sandwich a nice flavor. The bacon portion was VERY small, but cooked properly. Overall, I would rate this burger a 2.5 out of 5. \n\nI ordered sweet potato fries as my side to start. They came out a little on the cold side, but the flavor was very good. Shake on their Red Robin seasoning and you are golden. No catsup needed for these babies. The second refill I got was broccoli. I was actually grossed out by the texture. I could easily mash it with a fork....wayyyyy too soggy. So, I ordered a salad instead. The salad was fresh (although more white than green) and I loved their ranch dressing. \n\nThe bano (bathroom for my non Spanish speaking friends) was clean and well put together. They get an entire star just for this in my reviews. \n\nOverall, I would say this visit was just ok. Would I go out of my way to come back? Probably not. But, the free birthday burger and unlimited refills of salad and sweet potato fries definitely make me come back at least once a year.