My two stops in Vegas every year during the big Real Estate Convention are Nobu at the Hard Rock and Roy's here on Flamingo. Although I live just 15 minutes away from Roy's Anaheim, it seems I've been to this Vegas locale more often. And after learning that my old college roommate is the brother-in-law of chef partner Percy Oani, this is prolly a biased review! But again, I've been coming here every year, so this really should be a realistic review, so scratch that!\n\nService here has always been impeccable and friendly. From the minute you step into the restuarant you are greeted by a hostess, then transferred to your table, greeted by your server, waited on by bussers and checked up on by a supervising maitre d'. On special occassions they'll even have a couple of hostesses that greet you upon entering the restaurant only to 'lei' you! Yeah!\n\nSo after having the opportunity to meet chef partner Percy Oani, he totally did us up with the Shanghai Style \"Filipino\" Lumpia and the Crispy Karaage Calamari. This was IN ADDITION to the edamame that comes with a garlic\/peppers seasoning, and on the house, mind you! The lumpia comes cut like an order or sushi does, but was stuffed with lobster and topped with a sweet chili garlic shoyu (soy) sauce. Absolutely Solid. But it was the calamari, which I know you can get just about anywhere, that was over the top. This appetizer came with a yuzu aioli and pesto sauce that is TO DIE FOR... I don't like to put mayo on anything. EVER. But once you call it 'aioli,' I'll dip my fingers in the shiz and be lickin for days! And this yuzu aioli is one of those things I wanna bottle up and put on EVERYTHING!\n\nAfter our appetizers came a Mango & Papaya Salad, which was solid. And being at Roy's, I just always feel like I have to go with a fish for dinner, and we did - the Misoyaki Butterfish and the Teppan Grilled Island Ono. The Butterfish was reminiscent of a miso chilean sea bass I've had at a few other restaurants, but this fish seems to have a little more fat (always good!) and a little more oil. Yum! Although I did not try the Ono, that plate was licked clean as well!\n\nAnd finally, even after every appetizer was inhaled, salad and fish consumed, we still had to order dessert. Even though there was no more room, even after we loosened our belts, bring on the chocolate souffle and the upside down pineapple cake! Again, the plate licked clean!\n\nAnd once you think you've taken in the kindness of the restaurant and all it has to offer, our wonderful server Brittany, so kindly calls a taxi for us, just to remind us that not only are we getting an incredible meal here, but the service too, is just as incredible!