Unless you typically spend your Friday nights hanging with the Ringling Bros or Cirque du Soleil crowd, this place will most likely be out of your comfort zone.  A very minimalist, modern exterior, Flex + Fit feels almost like they've not yet moved in - the walls are tall, the floors are concrete, and the furnishings are sparse.  It's located in the Duke Energy building, down a long and winding hallway from the main elevator lobby (leave breadcrumbs to find your way back, seriously).  The check-in desk offers a few shopping items (shirts, water bottles, shampoo), but the main attraction of interest is the cooking area.  Last night, the chef from Cowfish was teaching a class to about 10 people, and it smelled amazing (way better than your standard stale popcorn and arena hotdogs).  \n\nAll that to say, I'm nearly ready to quit my day job and join the F+F circus. We did the Air Fitness class, which is unlike anything I've ever done before... maybe best described as a Daredevil Yoga class?  Using long silk ropes hanging from the ceiling, you pull, flip, and balance yourself in a variety of positions, using gravity to provide a deeper stretch or workout.  Envision yourself hanging upside-down, held off the ground only by a stretch of silk wrapped precariously around your torso or standing on the U of the silk, swinging like you're back on the playground... yeah, you've almost got it.  Interesting and different, to say the least.  I had some serious belly laughs (and some slight bruising around my waist, but I'm the only one from my group who got that, so let's call it user error), but I do wonder just how much of an actual workout this \"fitness\" experience provided.  \n\nEveryone I interacted with was super nice, and the 2-hour validated parking is a nice touch.  Although it's probably not going to become part of my standard routine, I'm definitely interested in going back to try a cooking session or one of the spin classes.  It's new experiences like Flex + Fit that make Charlotte a more interesting city!