I've been having nigiri sushi lately and tonight I decided to have some rolls instead.  I've driven by Go Wild a number of times and I've seen their ad saying 50% off all rolls, all day, every day.  I generally shy away from places that may increase prices only to offer 50% off, but after reading the Yelp reviews, I decided to give Go Wild a try.\n\nI ordered two rolls--the baked Langostino lobster on a California roll and the Kiss of Fire.  The menu describes the baked langostino roll as baked baby lobster, mushroom with dynamite sauce on Cali roll and the Kiss of Fire as Inside-Shrimp tempura, spicy shrimp, cucumber. Ouside-spicy soft shell crab, albacore, jalapeno topping, extra spicy ponzu sauce.\n\nBoth were excellent.  The presentation was great as any good sushi place should have.  The flavors of the lobster mixed with the California roll was very good.  The Kiss of Fire was aptly named.  It had spicy seasonings that gave it that kiss of fire, well a small fire.  I found that the rolls were so good the way they were that I used no soy sauce but merely used the wasabi.  I almost finished the portion they brought and almost asked for more so I could make more fire for myself.  As another reviewer said, they use a small amount of rice.  There isn't a huge amount used to make the roll look bigger than it is or to take the place of other ingredients.  \n\nI had a few more rolls on my to try list, but I decided not to pig out but stop at the two and have some dessert.  I got an order of tempura red bean ice cream.  It was a pleasant ending to a good meal.  There were three servers circulating through the restaurant that wasn't very busy.  They were attentive and even after bringing the check, asked me if I wanted another iced tea.\n\nI really liked the decor of the restaurant.  I'm not a fan of sitting at sushi bars, I've come to learn, so I sat at a table.  The music was reggae--odd for a sushi house--and the big screen TV had ESPN's Sports Nation.  It's amazing how good ESPN is when to you don't have to listen to a word of the drivel they're saying.  The TV was on mute so I watched the plays they were chatting about and tapped my feet  to the music.\n\nI'll be back and try some of the other rolls.