I had a gift certificate for 72$ that I had to use, so chose a nice little Saturday to come to Urban Venus Nail Bar for a mani pedi.  I opted for the Shellac cause ain't nobody got time for regular polish.  The store is pretty cute, it's teal in colour and similar to Frilly Lilly, has items you can purchase by the cash.  The pedi area wasn't what I was used to or expecting.  The seats were a long bench along the wall with pillows and the foot sinks were... well, sinks.  Like a kitchen sink?  But for feet.  Luckily for me they'd just put on BAD TEACHER with Cameron Diaz so we all kind of watched this movie haha.  The movie had some raunchier scenes which I totally thought were hilarious obviously, but may not have been the most appropriate for a nail bar with customers in it.  The Pedi took about 45-50 minutes.  Then we dried off and headed over to the nail area where I had my mani done.  That was about another 45 - 50 minutes.  I guess I'm just used to having both done simultaneously?  I did miss the massage chair I get to sit in at other places.  The girl who did my nails was super sweet, she was quiet, but I think we were all just enjoying listening and watching the movie.  She did a great job on my nails actually.  Really spent time on them, they came out great!!  Her massages were awesome also!  Also note they don't do artificial nails (in case you're looking)\n\nSo here's the part where my brain is not computing.\nI was here for .. almost 2 hours.  I saw an entire movie and the beginning of another one.  I get to the cash to check out and hand her my $72 gift card.  I understand my mani pedi was for shellac so I paid extra.  Um, over 40$ extra.  So to recap:  that's a $110 mani pedi.  Sweet honourable baby jesus jumped up christ in the garden.  On what planet are we paying this much for mani-pedis?  For this price you'd almost expect a happy ending! I usually go to Happy Nails on 16th which is gorgeous, super clean, super friendly, tons of colours, and for Shellac Mani-Pedi it's about 56-60$.  I was almost in shock.  That's too much money for a mani pedi.  Especially when you don't get to sit in one of those giant big chairs that massage your back and the bubbles on your feet.  Sigh, lesson learned I guess.  I have beautiful nails but for a price that's kind of unreasonable.