Early December, 2017, a software update showed in my phone settings under General, software update. On 12-21-17 I went into the settings to process the update. It had a bug in it. It wouldn't take my numeric passcode I use daily on the home screen. Same day approx lunch time, I called Verizon who took my monthly payment over the phone then had me reset the passcode in settings to the same passcode. It did not work and I was now locked out of my phone. I could not dial out - only emergencies.  I couldn't call Verizon or anyone. I used my iPad and went online to Verizon and got Zack on chat. I told him I just got off the phone with Verizon who locked my phone and how could Verizon fix it. He asked me where I changed my passcode. I said the settings screen. He said he could not help me and sent me a link for passcodes to work.  \nThe link says to go to itunes, plug your phone in and click 'recover.'  I plugged it it into my laptop. A message came up on my laptop asking to allow to connect to my iPhone. I clicked yes or allow. It clocked then came up with an error message that it could not connect to the phone. The phone never showed a message on the locked screen to connect to the laptop. I turned the phone off and on. Nothing happened. It still would not take my passcode. \nI immediately left for the nearest verizon store on 7th Street and Bell Road. \nI told a guy there was a software update that would not take my passcode on that screen. I told him I called verizon about an hour ago who had me reset my passcode to the same one and now I'm locked out of my phone. He blamed Apple and said Verizon is not responsible for Apple. He said you need to call Apple or go to an Apple store. I said I need to cancel my account then. He said I couldn't cancel my phone in the store. Your going to have to call verizon. I said with a phone that doesn't work?  He said you can use a phone here. I called verizon and told them the same issue. They blamed Apple. I said if Apple can't fix this, I'm going to cancel my account. She put me through to Apple. The guy said the only way to reset your passcode is to go to iTunes!  I said I did that already. He said for an iphone, you need to reset it until the apple with the cord shows on the phone and press recover. I said I plugged it into the laptop, it clocked. I turned the iPhone on and off while plugged into the laptop and it still did not work. I did it several times. He said I can't see what update you had. I said yes you can. Your Apple then said goodbye. \nI could not get to an Apple store until 8pm same night 10 miles away due to previous plans. The phone started working right when I walked in. It took the thumb print and the screen showed. The guy there said it was probably updating. I walked out of the store a few steps and decided to try the software update that originally caused this mess. Sure enough it would not take the passcode and I was locked out again. I walked back in to the Apple store. I told a young woman working there the issue with the software update not taking my passcode. She said I would have to make an appointment and there is nothing available until next week!  I said no. \nApple is the one who sent the software upgrade causing my phone to be locked out and now useless. She said their not authorized to change a passcode. I said Verizon blames Apple and Apple blames Verizon. She said I know how you feel. I said Do you? She said I could talk to Apple support on the phone. I said No.  I already did that. That's why I'm here. She said due to the holidays, we have a higher volume and I can't get you in until next week. I said I'm not the one who caused this, Apple did and between you and Verizon I still don't have a phone that works. I walked out. This is unacceptable. They should've taken me that night. They need an accountability and make up for the stress they caused me and right before the holidays. \nBiltmore Apple fixed the problem by resetting the phone the next morning. And yes, they fixed the problem with the passcode even though the young woman at Arrowhead Apple said she Apple was not authorized. Liar.