This place serves the fettuccine alfredo that I long for - and I crave it a lot!\nHad been to the south end one, but this one is closer to home now and I had heard good things about it. So, off we went last minute while running errands. Casual atmosphere, the details of the restaurant are NOT refined so you can go in there with jeans and a t-shirt and feel right at home. The carpet is old school and the boxes of wine I noted in the middle making a divider of sorts really need to go in the back room. but anyways back to the food.\nWe ordered my fave, fettuccine alfredo with jumbo shrimp. Now, I would not say they were JUMBO but they were not salad shrimp either. Best thing however is that they were cooked perfectly. One of my pet peeves is overcooked shrimp or seafood of any kind. At first I thought the portion of pasta was not going to be enough but it was. I am still full and we ate 2 1\/2 hours ago. The alfredo sauce was amazing, plentiful and I loved the fresh, warm bread to soak it up with. They gave us extra pieces of bread too, no charge.\nMy spouse had the spaghetti and meatballs and this is not something he would just order from anywhere. It was very good, very authentic and lots of meat sauce. Picture being in Italy at your best friend's Nona's house. THAT was the quality of this pasta and it was done al dente. You and I both know how easy it is to kill a spaghetti dish which is why I make that type of pasta myself usually. But here, very good! The meatballs - there were 2 on the plate and large, good consistency, the meat did not fall apart when you cut into them.\nOur server was very personable and on the ball. He even recommended me a dish that saved me money in the end which gave me more shrimp! My spouse loved the temperature of his beer.No beer on tap here though? I had a short glass vodka\/cran. Meh, they were out of the good vodka. I had a very small glass of Merlot that set us back $7.50 that I was not impressed with. I will get different type of drink next time, the sizes of the wine glass were really a joke.\nOverall, the meal was very nice, we sat by the window and watched the snow fall down as we settled into a lovely carb coma. Will be back very shortly!