We recently stayed in a Rialto suite for 3 nights with a total of 5 people. The suite was very similar to a standard suite but it was larger by a couple hundred square feet and included 2 queen beds instead of a king bed. We also had a beautiful view of a wall. \n\nWe stayed here once before when we got married at the Venetian so we expected a lot. In 2007, everything was very impressive and the staff definitely made our trip feel special. This time, there were problems with customer service. First, when we checked in the employee working the front desk acted like a complete dick for no apparent reason. Our room was not ready and we were asked to give our phone number so the hotel could call us when the room was ready. Well, 3pm came and went. I sent my husband over to the hotel to see if he could pick up the keys. Our room was indeed ready but no one had bothered to call. \n\nI had called at about 11am to ask for additional towels and linens for the pull-out bed. First, my phone call got sent to a voicemail box and then dumped. Then, I had to sit on hold for about 15 minutes with the front desk before I could make my request.  Well, at 10pm nothing extra had been brought to our room and we had to call again. Housekeeping had thought they already brought the items to our room but I suspect they just wanted the extra opportunity for us to tip them (?) They did offer us complimentary late checkout as a result of this lapse but I thought that was completely lame. The person who slept on the couch reported that it was more comfortable to sleep on the couch itself and not the pullout part. \n\nI was also annoyed that housekeeping took away our extra unused towels from the first day and then gave us back the standard 4 sets of towels every day when they cleaned our room. It is just another hassle to continue to call housekeeping to get extra towels when I thought it was obvious that we needed them in the first place. My husband and I ended up sharing a bath towel the entire time so there were enough to go around. This is not the kind of thing I expect to do in a 5-star hotel but it overrode my desire to call housekeeping and fork over more of my gambling money. Overall, I find that the Venetian looks very much the same as it did 3 years ago but they need a big kick in the ass in the customer service department. The next time I want luxury I am going to try another 5 star property. I just hope I can find one that knows how to deliver real customer service.\n\nAlso, I think the rialto suite doesn't really work for 5. There is a single bathroom and the toilet is in a separate little room but you have to walk past the main part of the bathroom to get to it. This means if someone is taking a bath or shower the toilet is likely off limits. The clothing closet is also located in the main part of the bathroom so there is a bit of a bottleneck if everyone is trying to get ready to go out or go to bed. This suite would work best for 4 people max. \n\nWe had complimentary use of the gym and went one morning. The cardio machines all have individual displays where you can watch television or hook up your ipod. I did not use the free weights but my friend said he liked it. The locker rooms are off-limits unless you want to pay a $20 upgrade. I did use the locker room the last time I stayed there and I remember it being pretty posh (hot tub, sauna, cucumber water, etc). \n\nOverall, the level of service at the resort has dropped dramatically, but if that doesn't matter to you then I would recommend staying at the Venetian.