Child services could literally take children away from parents for housing as bad as what Waypoint provided me when I moved in.\n\nI moved into a Waypoint home in late January. WORST LANDLORD EVER. Big corporations have no business managing rentals. Besides all of the structural problems with no one claiming responsibility for issues or resolving anything or knowing who I should be talking to, the staff is just rude and unhelpful. This is the worst interactions I have EVER had with a business.\n\nCosmetically the house looked great. The kitchen was beautiful and everything about the house looked great on the internet pictures and the tour. I paid full price in rent for what was a completely broken product. When I moved in:\n- The house had no heat. The thermostat needed to be replaced.\n- The house had no hot water. We couldn't take showers in the one bathroom that worked. We couldn't wash dishes.\n- The master shower did not turn on. Twisting the knob didn't result in any water.\n- The house had no phone line set up. The ISP had to dig into the wall for a phone line to activate the internet.\n- My roommates needed to pass a credit\/background check in order to move in. My background check cleared in 2 days, leaving me on the hook for the entire house worth of rent. Everyone afterwards never heard back about their background check, didn't receive the paperwork after contacting the right people, didn't receive a follow-up stating they had passed the background check, etc. One roommate from out of state had to stay for a week in an AirBNB costing him hundreds of dollars. I just let him move in, because, at this point, screw these people and their policies. I believe he had actually passed the background check days ago but no one followed up with him letting him know he was set to move in.\n- After all of those issues were resolved, we used the dishwasher and clothes washer. Both backed up and flooded the house, each creating a couple mop buckets of water and hours of work mopping the water. This has caused water damage to the flooring. I swear if they try to pin it on me for money past my deposit they will have to pry the money from my cold dead body. I would rather spend money on lawyer fees to prevent these people from having another cent.\n\nAfter going the first four days in a house without a hot shower or heat in the winter, spending 12 hours vacation time to deal with basic maintenance issues and meeting technicians, and making my roommate from Craigslist spend hundreds of dollars on AirBnB due to the company's failure to communicate, everyone I know told me I should be demanding rent abatement. This is where my opinion of this company turned really bad. If they refunded about a quarter of a months rent for the time spent getting this house into livable condition, I would be at peace with this company. I'm sure the amount of time they've spent on the phone not dealing with this issue would exceed the cost of rent abatement by now\n\nHere's the real kicker. No one at this company takes responsibility for anything, knows who to contact, or resolves anything. I heard many times from the about ten points of contact I've spoken with in the company \"I don't have the power to do that\" before getting a corporate run-around. Finally I reached Caryn , who just stopped answering my emails. I could literally hear her rolling her eyes in the completely indifferent tone of having to deal with all of my problems after continuous escalations when we spoke on the phone. And she just didn't. No response. Just hoped it would pewter out. I've worked in customer service and I've never met anyone that met such an escalated customer and just gave up.  No resolution whatsoever. The last email I sent her was over a month ago.\n\nThis business doesn't take care of the properties it owns. The representatives don't know what's going on inside the properties they own. They don't deal with customer service issues. The person on the other end of the phone with you in the Chicago call center has probably never heard of the city your house is in. And they'll just forward problems to other departments and supervisors until customers give up.\n\nStay away.