Mac King is awesome! Mac King is funny, classy, silly with his magic tricks and interaction with the audience. He does this 10 times a week for 13 years. The kids' favorite part was the guinea pig. They were laughing out loud and so were we. Great for the whole family. The seats were comfortable and the theater appeared to be clean.\n\nHarrah's is really gross. We got the tip to go to the Total Rewards desk and had to ask 3 people for directions (just keep walking back back as if you are going to parking and it is on the right). Don't go to the Total Rewards Special Events line. The Total Rewards line. Because it was just after noon on a Saturday there were about 8 people waiting in line because they are told they can check-in early if they sign up for Total Rewards. I'm not sure what the issue was but people were taking on average 5 minutes. I saw 2 people there for 10 minutes. There were about 5 people working. They took anyone in the Diamond line first though so I was in line for 35 minutes. There were at least 20 people behind me. Even now I have a nauseous feeling about the smell of the place. But you know the saying if you are in hell keep going. Finally I went up and said do you have coupons for Mac King and they said how many here you go. I got 2 coupons for 2 \"free\" tickets each when you buy a drink. This is where the whole venture became worth it.\n\nTo get to the Box Office we only had to ask 2 people for directions. We took these coupons up 2 escalators (NOT by the Total Rewards desk but the ones back toward the Boulevard entrance) up to the Box Office where we pre-paid for our drinks to get our \"free\" tickets. $60 with tax for 4 tickets. \n\nAs it turned out it was 2 minutes after the 1 PM show and they welcomed us in to the theater where the nice women seating people put us in the VIP section in the third row center. I'm sure because we had 2 children with us. The non-VIP seating looked fine at tables behind the rows. The bar was in the back. The drinks turned out to be good - alcoholic, non-alcoholic. We had vodka\/soda\/lime and Mike's Hard Lemonade.\n\nFinal note: I thought it was a bit funny that Mac used Fig Newtons and Rice Crispies and a couple other references. I only hope he is being paid well for that by Nabisco and Kelloggs because he deserves it.