Alright people if you want a good laugh keep reading, if you want the cliff note version... Mold, broken elevators, thugs, terrible mgmt, good\/safe are but still has thieves aka DO NOT SIGN A LEASE HERE LOL I'm writing this review an entire year after I moved out of West 6th bc upon my move out of my current apartment it seemed like everything was just a breeze, then I realized it was bc my last move (from w6) was such a JOKE.\nI moved into W6 the first year that it was open. I lived in tower one in the three bedroom three bath unit, gorgeous 180deg view overlooking Mill Ave\/ASU. My friend lived three floors below me in the exact unit and when I was at her place she started telling me about how the ceiling in the master bedroom and the ceiling in the kitchen started dripping water, she said \"be careful it's happened to everyone below me, it'll probably start happening to you guys soon.\" I  informed mgmt that I'd like to get the problem checked out. They suggested I fill out a formal work order online so that it gets checked out... Of course NOTHING gets taken care of. Dec. water started coming out of our ceilings. So I called down and told mgmt they needed to get someone up ASAP. The maintenance guy comes up and PAINTS over it. EVERYONE knows with water comes MOLD! The leak kept coming and every time we would file a work order he would come and paint over it, it wasn't until my roommate and I were moving something's around in her closet when we discovered there was mold growing ALL over her CLOSET, are you effing kidding me?!\nUnfortunately for us this was when the leasing office wasn't open on Sundays so we found the maintenance guy on duty and all he could do was put a tarp over it, until someone could assess the situation. It was like talking to a WALL with these people. Low and behold what did they find, MOLD! Mold, mold, mold EVERYWHERE and we had to move out of our apartment for TWO MONTHS while our apartment was getting new walls, air quality detection etc. Worst part was mgmt kept lying to us saying \"Oh you'll get to move back in this week...\" and the contractors told us we'd be out for a WHILE.  We had to stay on the 9th floor in the \"suites\" where they made us feel COMPLETELY unwelcome. When I went down to the office to ask if someone could please fix the internet, the snobby leasing mgr goes \"it works, I set it up, I know, you're clearly doing something wrong\" only for her to go up again to find it wasn't working. SO RUDE. While we were displaced we of course didn't have to pay rent but... really that's all that you're going to do for us? Any \"high end luxury\" apartment complex would go far beyond that to compensate for the things that we had to endure, with hopes to avoid any type of legal action, but not West 6th. After we finally moved back in I was given an notice saying I hadn't paid rent and that what was due had doubled since it had been 60 days since my last payment. LOL I DIDN'T EVEN LIVE THERE! \nMgmt does a pretty vigorous future resident screening process, yet they constantly let people in that cannot or should not be living there. For example my first neighbor often threw parties loud into the night, never had a job, and my roommates and I constantly heard loud knocking deep into various nights. We just assumed he was a drug dealer bc he fit the criteria etc. NOPE he actually robs banks, and we discovered that when the SWAT team started breaking down his door, as he was wanted for armed robbery. Mgmt of west sixth; how'd you miss that on your \"proof of income\" that each one of the residents had to fill out. I don' t think \"bank robbing\" as an occupation seems fit?\nOkay moving on to my SECOND neighbor (ps this all happened on the same floor) He was a total partier\/druggie. We'd ALWAYS call security on him bc he would knock on our door in the middle of the night after we told him many times we were NOT interested in hangin out. You'd think after hmm I don't know maybe 10 complaints against him, mgmt would do something about it NOPE. But he did eventually move out, and you want to know when it was? When he DIED BC HE OVERDOSED ON HEROIN IN HIS APARTMENT. This part SERIOUSLY disgusts me. Maybe if this kid had gotten EVICTED like he should've his parents would've gotten an idea of how bad his problem was. MGMT HERE SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF THEMSELVES. \nThey DO NOT honor your lease agreements and when you bring it up and fight it they bring their lawyers into it, even when you are in the right. Pipes are EXTREMELY bad bc that building SAT there and then they tried to finish it so quickly they didn't do it the RIGHT way. I was forced to MOVE OUT for a week when a pipe exploded and ruined tower 1 in May 2013, and of course mgmt proved to be assholes, SURPRISE. One of the windows shattered due to heat (and it happens A LOT) they just fail to mention it. And they just left the glass ALL OVER  the \"dog park\" If you're not waiting for the elevators it's probably bc you're stuck in one LOL. DONT DO IT