I've been to their Yonge location before, so when my friends told me that they opened up a location on the East end I thought I def. need to come by and give it a try!\n\nRight on Gerrard street, the cafe is easy to spot :) There is parking on the side streets and also along Gerrard. When you walk in, It's almost like you have entered a different environment. A bit of vintage and european vibe :) I LOVE their Toronto sign right at the counter - very beautiful! The ambience is great! There are tables further back up the stairs for those that want to sit at a chair and work on their laptops or study, and there's also couches right by the front door with these beautiful marble tabletops with lots of natural light and a perfect place for friends to cozy up and chat!\n\nMy friends had a tea, latte and I ended up getting a cortado since I was a bit too full for a whole cup of latte. I really like their coffee! I talked to the barista, who told me that they usually have a featured blend and their temperance blend. The temperance blend has some Brazilian origins in it, which might be why at first taste of the cortado, I knew I liked the espresso instantly, and that was the blend they use in their espresso. Their current feature blend is more of a medium roast and is better for drip coffee rather than espresso. They also sell a selection of teas as well - my friend really enjoyed hers.\n\nThey also cater to special requests - particularly they do have lactose free milk available. I love that it's not skim milk they use and that they have 2% because I find that little extra creaminess adds depth to the espresso drink itself (although skim is healthier so I do still try to have skim from time to time as an option too). And i really love that they don't charge extra for lactose free milk.\n\nI also noticed they have a wide selection of pastries\/cookies, and even have ready to go sandwiches. They looked super cute, because they are so skinny and long! Anyway, this is a great little spot to chill, catch up with friends, or even just plug down on your laptop and get some work done.\nNext time when i'm in the area I'll be sure to pop by for some coffee!