I love pinball; I love arcades too. It brings me back to my childhood when my little pants pocket was overfilled with quarters. Although Vegas has a huge 'gaming industry,' any semblance of a decent arcade is very hard to come by.\nSo here steps in the 'Pinball Hall of Fame.' As the name of the joint would imply, they focus on pinball and about 90% of the machines in there are pinball. The machines seem to be organized by era, allowing you to walk through each aisle to see how machines were made in each era based on technology developments and what was popular at the time. Although I am not a huge fan of old school pinball, it is pretty cool being able to see where modern day machines came from and the progress they made over time.\nAs for the value, I would say that this is one of the cheaper places to go in town and be able to have family friendly fun for a couple hours. The majority of the games are 50 to 75 cents and the 'free game' score is not unreasonable.  I have read some reviews that mentioned that the quality of the machines were not very good here, and that they were not in proper working order. Personally I have not found this to be true; I do though walk into this place understanding that a pinball machine is a sophisticated and delicate piece of electronic equipment that grown humans pull back and forth to save that last ball from dropping.\nThe one major drawback I have found here is that certain members of the staff are not good with people. They are essentially pinball mechanics, and likely hired for those skills rather than their customer service abilities.  I have felt rubbed the wrong way by a particular staff member each time I go during closing time (which they essentially turn the lights of 15 minutes before they say they close.)  On the other side of that coin I recently had an interaction with a staff member where he got a ball unstuck for me from a freakish bounce and he gave me a free game to boot, so that was nice of him.  I give this place 4 stars because they have some quality games here for cheap, the staff isn't the greatest and so many people come through here that it can be a bit dirty but I'm not gonna lie, I am definitely going back soon.