I am heartbroken to hear this spot has closed! Located way on the edge of Henderson, surrounded by suburbia, David Clawson Restaurant is a gem in an unlikely place. The understated décor and sushi-bar-turned-chefs-table keep the focus right where it should be: on the food. Took a group of visiting friends here for an adventurous evening of small plates and wine.\n\nPARKER HOUSE ROLLS: Served alongside  a salted butter, this bread was anything but basic. Crunchy outside cooked in a cast-iron skillet, soft and fluffy inside, this disappeared fast.\nBRUSSELS SPROUTS: A roasted version with manchego, mustard, and bacon. Addictive for their crunch, enjoyed around the table.\nTIGER SHRIMP: Beautiful, fun presentation of large, fresh shrimp with jicama, chipotle, and cilantro. This ranked lower than other seafood dishes of the night.\nBEET SALAD: This is the only dish we had that I can say was pretty average, nothing to set it apart from other versions in other restaurants around town. \nHOKKAIDO SCALLOP CEVICHE: Beautiful presentation with mango, lime, and onion, this was a major hit among our group, hitting all the right notes with the fresh fish and balanced flavors.\nTUNA: Served sashimi-style on a brick of pink Himalayan sea salt, this was a bright, fresh dish that all enjoyed. \nGARLIC NOODLES: So fragrant, a mere whiff might off a vampire. Chewy noodles, savory sauce, a dish we nearly skipped but were glad we added at the last minute.\nSALMON WITH RICE?: A certain member of our group wanted to petition the staff to rename this dish \"orgasm salmon\", it resonated with her so much. The rice was described by our server as being \"like a risotto\" but clearly was inspired by Asian congee dishes. Simple and savory.\nLAMB: Star of the night. This was one of the best versions of lamb I have ever had. It was painful to have to share it with the other diners. Tender, succulent meat with crisp vegetables and a robust sauce, this is something I would cross town for again, easily. \nSTICKY APRICOT PUDDING: Warm cake in a sea of hot toffee sauce reminiscent of maple syrup, topped with a mini cannoli. The dessert lovers at our table swooned over this version. \nSALTED CARAMELS WITH COCONUT FLAKES: The bill was accompanied by these tiny sweet treats that were a final delight to our meal. I enjoyed the texture and subtle nutty sweetness of the flakes, and the caramel itself was on point.\n\nService was warm and made helpful suggestions. One of our party had to leave early, and our server ensured that the dishes he wanted to try came out in time for him to enjoy them. I'm not a fan of the location, which was difficult to find, but can find nary a fault with the restaurant itself. Hoping to hear of this spot reopening in a better location, it  was going to be a staple spot for us to bring visiting friends and family!