I wanted to give this more stars because the food was great, but too many slip ups happened during our visit, unfortunately. \n\nThe good: Bright, colorful decor. We went on a Thursday night and didn't have trouble finding a table. It's smaller than I expected on the inside, but not overly crowded. We started with an order of guacamole, and it was delicious and topped with cheese. Will definitely order again. Drinks were strong. I ordered the spicy margarita and I liked it. Not my favorite ever, but enjoyable and refreshing. Our waiter was very friendly. \n\nThe not-so-good: We got our guac and drinks right away, but when we noticed the couple who sat down after us already had their meals, we wondered if they'd forgotten about our order. Our waiter came and said they'd lost our ticket or something so the food should be out shortly. It took about 45 mins to get food. \n\nMy bf ordered the beef burrito (smothered), and I ordered a carnitas and a cauliflower taco, since Yelp said the cauliflower was awesome. The waiter recommended the carnitas too. \n\nOur waiter brought our food and started to walk away but I saw that his burrito didn't come smothered. I said something, so they took it back and brought it out again with cheese. OK. My tacos didn't look right to me, but our waiter wasn't anywhere to be found so I dug in. It did get busy by the time we got our food, so I understand that the waiter probably was running around. \n\nThe first one (which was actually chicken, not the carnitas I ordered) tasted great! Well balanced and awesome, flavorful tortillas. The second one was fish, not cauliflower :( It was fried, which sometimes upsets my stomach... but it tasted great! Good seasoning and lots of flavors there. But not what I ordered. I grabbed our waiter again to ask about our order, and they realized it was the wrong order. They apologized for the mix up.\n\nAt some point, our waiter said they could ask a manager about a discount. They clearly felt really bad, and we reassured that it was OK; we still liked the food. I was surprised that when the check came out, there was nothing comped. I'm not usually one to complain but since there were several things wrong (super late food, no smothered burrito, wrong orders for both of us), I asked if there was anything they could do. I was uncomfortable asking about it but felt like there were a few too many oops moments. They ended up taking off the guacamole, which was nice. \n\nOverall, a mixed bag for us. We really liked the food we got (carnitas burrito, chicken taco, fish taco), but we really wanted the food we ordered. Seems like this isn't usually the case from reading other reviews, so hopefully it was just an off night for them and not typical.