A few years ago I had scheduled a haircut with master stylist Brandon.  It cost me about $100 plus tip.  I had never paid so much for a haircut before so I expected amazing results but to me it was \"eh\".  I never returned again and would not reccommend because it was nothing special to me at all and could have gone somewhere else for a lot less.  I really like to try different places for haircuts.  I kind of got bored of my stylist so I decied to Kelly Cardenas Salon once more but with someone else.  I didn't know who so I had just called the salon and they chose Jen for me stating that she was awesome at haircuts.  Her cuts were $55.  Yes the shampoo room is always amazing, but that was the only thing good about this whole experience.  \n\nNever returning again! I got a trim which was barely a trim. Then she started to blow dry my hair as another guy came by to help out with the drying and I realized it was Brandon! Jen left the rest of the blow drying to Brandon while she went to start another haircut with someone else.  My hair was blowed dried to the crisp and on top Brandon started to flat iron my hair strand by strand while i would see my hair smoking, when he got to the tips of my hair with the iron it would pull my hair like crazy.  He said that was to seal the cuticles.  Waste of my money and time. I probably have to get a real trim next week. I told them my hair was thinning and looked thin so why the hell would you flat iron??? I'm sorry but its a shame to call them experts. Stylist Jenn finally came back after finishing cutting someone's hair to my flat ironed head and said \"it looks so much healthier\" really?? I could have done this myself at home instead of paying $55 plus tip. I'm so unhappy because I wasted my money on nothing.  I wish I had the personality to complain but I'm the one who just never returns!!  I basically went in with long hair and came out with longer hair from all the flat ironing!! uggh!! complete fail and my hair is more dry and damaged from all the heat!!!!