I've been coming to this place since it first opened and watched as they changed their decor, menu, and even diversified the types of entertainment, so I feel like I have a few things to say about my experiences.\n\nMy boyfriend and I accidentally stumbled upon their Happy Hour on a Sunday night at 7pm, and decided that we just had to come back for more, only on a Wednesday night at 6pm.  They have an abbreviated menu--kabobs, couple of sliders, hummus and babaganoush, flatbreads, other finger foods and dips, and half off of their drinks.  Not bad, if you ask me, from 4-8pm everyday.  So, we went and even used a Restaurant.com certificate (the other time, they accepted my $35 Groupon).  \n\nI have to say, for Happy Hour, I felt that the place was somewhat dead, but that didn't mean that they lacked in terms of service.  We actually had 3 different people assisting our group of 4.  As soon as everyone arrived and sat, we were promptly greeted by our server and had our drinks ordered.  \n\nWe then proceeded to order lots of the Happy Hour items--6 orders of the beef kabobs with fries (next time, I have to tell them to hold the fries), along with some tziki sauce and garlic dipping sauce, an order of sliders with fries, and an order of hummus, as well as babaganoush.  The hummus and babaganoush came out farily quickly with flatbread, although I felt like our table was swimming in plates and bowls--the hummus and babaganoush were served in such large bowls that the two dishes alone took up about half of the center of the table.  In addition, two of our dinner guests ordered tea, which was brought out in these huge-ass teakettles.  While I like the idea (the kettles came from Teavana, a nice touch), we definitely didn't have enough room for all of this stuff on the table.  Later on, the kabobs came out, along with fries, and by that time, we were practically swimming in fries.  Seriously.  We had two plates full of fries, since all that we wanted was the meat.  \n\nI ended up finishing the portion that I'd ordered, in addition to my boyfriend's.  All I can say is that I wish I would've switched orders with him, since his kabobs came out juicy, tender, and more on the rare side.  Mine, on the other hand, came out well done.  Definitely not the way I wanted them, but then again, I wasn't asked about the how I wanted them cooked.  I practically had to keep dipping the meats into the sauces in order to swallow the last two bites of my kabob.  The only thing I kept telling myself was that it was all worth $8 for the two orders.  \n\nWhile we were chowing down, the wait staff also came around with an order of chicken kabobs and sliders, but unfortunately, we failed to order chicken, and there was a miscommunication from the kitchen, and the sliders were taken to another table--our guy hadn't put in the order correctly.\n\nAt least they came around often enough to ask about drink refills.  \n\nWhen we asked to see the dessert menu, we were told that they're not necessarily a dessert place.  All they had were two varieties of ice cream and a cappuccino cake.  The brutally honest response from the server to go elsewhere for dessert was all that we needed.  We capped off the evening at CPK.\n\nAfter it was all said and done, the bill came to like $50 something with tip and tax.  I'd definitely come back again, but next time, to hold the fries.  \n\nI haven't been out in awhile, but I definitely know that their nightlife scene is more of their forte vs. a food joint.  Lounge and club yes, food and dessert, not so much.  However, for those happy hour prices, I'd be willing to come here again.