Laker Plaza is the last business off eastbound Lake Mead Parkway before the Lake Mead National Recreation Area. It is only a Plaza in name. It is a relatively decent size shop on a lot that was a former Chevron with a large boat storage area in back. Laker Plaza is a business listed under marinas that could come close to being a general store for the Lake Mead Parkway entrance to the Lake Mead National Recreation Area. Their services include boat storage, marina related retail,  bicycle rentals and sales through the River Mountains Bicycle Shop, and convenience store products. \n\n   I am amazed by how unadvertised Laker Plaza is. It is as unadvertised as a nearby no name River Mountains trail in the Lake Mead National Recreation Area. There is a want for a sign off Lake Mead Parkway. As I write this a Laker Plaza website is nonexistent. This was the case the same time last year. In the World of Web Reviews, I only came across three reviews. They were negative 1-star reviews from boat storage alleging that the owner is crazy and threw f-bombs. I hope that it is untrue. I don't want  f-bombs directed at me or service denied if I am craving an ice cold Gatorade when I stop by on a long hike. Those reviews could be nonsense. Then again, I am granting a three star review from my experiences stopping there for hydration. \n\n  Laker Plaza is a lifeline when I am hiking on the nearby River Mountains Loop Trail. The most recent times I  stopped here was twice yesterday on a hike between the Lake Mead Parkway at Athens Drive CVS and the River Mountains in the Lake Mead National Recreation Area. I have stopped here other times on this hike and the hike between Lake Las Vegas using the Wetlands Connector Trail and River Mountains Loop Trail into the Lake Mead National Recreation Area. My yelp friends are all so familiar with my stops here because they remind me of hydration (what are friends for?). On my hikes, I always wear a backpack with ice water that I freeze up overnight. On a hot day the water turns warm. So a cold Gatorade hits the spot. The Gatorade is $3. They also sell water, cans of coke, and even beer. \n\n   Laker Plaza is one of a very few businesses off the 35 mile River Mountains Loop Trail. The other two are Railroad Pass Casino and a 76 Fuel Station and convenience store in Boulder City down the road from Hemenway Valley Park. Laker Plaza is a convenience for the River Mountains Loop Trail. The disadvantage is that it is disconnected from the trail. The hiker or bicyclist has to leave the trail then travel a short distance on Lake Mead Parkway to reach Laker Plaza. A direct trail connection to the shop maybe called the Laker Plaza Spur Trail would be advantageous to River Mountains Loop Trail users and Laker Plaza. Trail users do not have to worry over being hit. And Laker Plaza will benefit from advertising and possible reviews from people writing over the convenience store aspect of the business that will even out the negative Internet reviews from the boat storage business. \n\n  Laker Plaza has improved the quality of hiking on the River Mountains Loop Trail between Henderson and the Lake Mead National Recreation Area. Their cold beverages are a lifeline. I can't see any reason to grant them anything less than three stars.