So glad I found this company via Yelp and Home Advisor for our entry gate.  Even though it doesn't have many reviews compare to some other companies, but the reviews were solid good so I took the chance and called them.  The owner, Steve, came out (very fast, literally 30 mins after I called) to give an estimate.  And I've already had 5 other companies came out for estimates, so I had a pretty good idea what people are charging or how they communicate.  Steve, by far, was the most personable and professional guy.  He bought a photo book to show me samples they've done after asking what I had in mind.  I know, old fashioned, photo book, right?  But it's great.  You just want to browse through some pictures easily, quickly and identify what you like and don't like and the photo album was the best way to do it.  The other 5 companies didn't even have anything to show, they either tell you to go to their websites or try to find pictures through their cell phones, with the small phone screen glaring being out in the sun and slow loading images...etc, it's a bit frustrating.\n\nA neighbor has a gate we kind of like, so we've been using that picture as a guideline for bids with all the companies. Steve's bid was THE LOWEST of all, by over $1,500 with one of the big companies, no kidding.  Not only he gave the lowest bids, the time frame was also one of the fastest.  What truly won me over was he suggested to make some changes here and there, so we could have a custom made, unique to us entry gate instead of a copy of what 2 neighbors have already.  I found it to be refreshing and so true.  But other companies didn't even bother to want to show you anything else, they were all happy that you find a picture to show them and they're just happy to make the same thing and give you a quote.  No one suggested to make some changes to a basic design we've already like and make it uniquely ours.  \n\nGate delivered and we were more than happy with the result.  We were a little afraid the morning of the installation, afraid something's going to show up at our house and we wouldn't like it, but have to live with it since we can't return it or make changes then.  But the product was better than we had imagined.  All the details that Steve had suggested to change\/add were perfect.  The crew was professional and cleaned up after themselves.  Highly recommend Steve and Strictly Iron.