I came here with my best friend after some shopping on a week day for their five course omakase. On their website, it stated that omakases need reservations at least 24 hours in advance, so I called to book for us two. The lady on the phone was super nice, and even made sure I knew the location of the restaurant. Nakamori is located on Eglinton East in Scarborough, an area you really don't expect to have Japanese. Upon arrival, I noticed that it was the store that Zen used to be.\n\nWe arrived on time and the place was fairly empty. We had the choice of table, sushi bar, or booth; we opted for the sushi bar. I ordered some green tea along with my food, and it was amazing. Sounds weird but I really recommend the green tea!!!\n\nWe started our first course with a plate of three different \"foods\". The server didn't introduce them and she left in a hurry. For the remaining courses, she did, however, explained to us what each were. The \"fish ball\" on the right hand side of our first course was DELICIOUS. Slightly spicy, super fresh fish wrapping a bit of rice in the middle. Not sure if this is Chef Nobu's creation but I loved it, one of my favourites from my meal. Our second course, the soup, was mediocre. The broth was fine, but there were pieces of fish inside that soup that was very over cooked, to the point it was hard to chew on. Then it was the shrimp tempura and karage. The wasabi sauce over the shrimp tempura was great, and the mango tasting sauce over the karage was interesting. Both were tender and enjoyable. The fourth course was ribs over rice. We were not given additional utensils aside from the pair of chopsticks we already had, and it was impossible to eat any of those rice with chopsticks. We had to ask for spoons. The ribs were fine, and the dish in general was good. Last course before dessert was of course, sushi. Exciting! Seven pieces of sushi were laid out beautifully on a plate. I was pretty happy to see that Uni and Scallop was offered. For the price point of the omakase here, the fish were good in sizes and were fresh. I was slightly disappointed that the wasabi was not fresh. It tasted like store bought commercial wasabi. Then it was dessert! My favourite. Dessert was their homemade green tea cake with green tea ice-cream. Unbelievably delicious, they nailed it.\n\nOur server was very polite, and attentive with what we wanted. The wait time between each dish was not bad, and our whole meal lasted about 1 hour and 50 minutes. Unlike other omakase places I have been to, such as Yasu, Kaji, or Zen, Nakamori's price point is significantly lower. I couldn't use the standard of a $200 meal and compare it with Nakamori. But if you're someone who isn't really ready to splurge a few hundred bucks on a meal of omakase, Nakamori is a good place to start. The courses they offer is surprisingly decent for the price, and the environment is quite calm.