Update: Our flight back to Vegas is delayed too right now from Reno back to Vegas. I emailed them via their website on the arriving flight fiasco posted below, they said to wait 60 days for a response...\n\nUpdate February 2018: I have waited well over 60 days. They never responded to my messages via Facebook or on their website contact form. \n\nSomeone at Allegiant needs to make better decisions about how they treat their customers. We just suffered through over two hours trapped at the gate, seated and boarded, and the crew acting like we were leaving, when they knew we were not going anywhere. We were leaving Las Vegas to Reno for a one hour flight where they boarded passengers knowing they had no pilot for the plane. Then the pilot finally shows up who wasn't even at the airport, his flight landed after a long wait already on the plane with no delay notice announced prior to boarding. Then the air conditioning goes out. No AC. Stuck on the plane. No idea why. Still pretending like we're about to leave. Then we find out they have \"little engine failure\", so the little engine cant start the big engine, won't hold oil pressure, and they can't start the plane. We're not going anywhere. More delay. Still seated. No water, no moving air, it's hot. Electronics are put away, trays up, seats are upright and locked. Pilot says paperwork has to be done to get permission to leave with the small engine still not working, and the ground engine starter will get us on our way... People are asking for a free drink, they say no. Half the plane got served water by one flight attendant. Not the rest of us. We hurt from not moving around, we're hot, the lady holding her baby for two hours is getting frustrated by them keep asking us to put up tray tables pretending like we're leaving. We did end up finally leaving and getting a free soft drink. As soon as we take off, the whole cabin smells like chemical exhaust. We thought we were going to die. I am disabled with braces on my legs. I cant sit that long confined without extreme pain. We missed our rehearsal dinner for the wedding we were headed to in Reno. People were pissed saying never Allegiant. Pretty disappointing that they were boarding the next passengers in Reno on that same flight with the little engine still not working. We heard them telling the new passengers as we were getting off they would be leaving shortly... Thanks for the free soft drink. #terribleflight #badcustomerservice #allegiantsucks #allegiant