I would like to start this review off by saying that this property does have potential and some great attributes - I particularly enjoyed the layout of the apartments and the modern and updated look (which is what originally sold me), the pool and gym areas are very nice and well maintained, and I loved the location. I split my time between North Scottsdale and Central Phoenix and I could get to both areas quickly, plus having the convenience of Target, Whole Foods, Trader Joes, ect. around was awesome. I found the residents themselves to be polite, clean and had no real issues. \n\nMy problem is with the management and with the overall safety and security of the property. In January, my car was stolen from the parking lot. I went down on a weekday morning to head to work, and it was gone. Set into panic, I reached out to the security number offered upon the lease - no answer. After calling the local tow company on my  own and contacting the police, I received a call back from the management inquiring on what had happened about 45 minutes later. I don't blame Cactus 42 for my car being taken - realistically that could have happened anywhere in the Valley, whether you rent or own. My problem resonated with the lack of concern, follow up or empathy the management extended. You would think if you are paying over 1,000 dollars per month for a one bedroom apartment, and your car was stolen from a \"gated\" property, management would extend some concern and genuinely be interested in assisting. My car had a spare house key and a considerable amount of personal information inside, which led me to request for my apartment to be rekeyed that day. I came home around 6:00 PM, and was told it was not done due to \"business levels.\" I inquired about the cameras, which are displayed by each gate and throughout property, and was told these are not actually functioning but serve as more of a \"deterrence.\" At this point, I honestly no longer wanted to be a resident here. I had never broken a lease or left an apartment complex early for any reason in the past 10 years, but I felt extremely uneasy and unsafe living there after the incidents. I attempted to have a fair and rational conversation with management, and explain that I no longer left safe or secure. I was met with a very insincere apology from management, no sort of compromise or willingness to work with me and rather was told that they are not able to break the lease under any circumstance and further, they are not responsible for my safety or security. \n\nI was originally told that to break my lease would be around 1,500 but after that number very ironically increased to 3,000 dollars when I went to sign the papers, I decided to stay in my lease. I had no real problems with the remainder of my time there - there was no follow up calls, no further conversation with management and I politely and quietly left the apartment complex this past month (note - I do not require or desire any further follow up from management, this is a finished situation in my mind but I do have the freedom to now share my experience with others).  There was, however, a paper notice on all of our doors about \"security reasons\" about three months later. I often wonder if something similar had happened to another resident, thus forcing management to do something at that point to alert other renters. \n\nI have been renting for the last ten years, and this was by far the most disappointing and unsettling renting experience I have had. I spent two years at Level at 16th Street in Central Phoenix, and cannot say enough positive things about this property and management. \n\nIf you are looking for security, safety and a management team that makes you feel comfortable,  I would really think twice about renting here. There are some really nice options in the area, that will hopefully provide an improved experience for future renters.