It's hard to actually rate this place as the reality is that I have tried very little here. But based on what I've tried, the staff, and my desire to want to return, I'll give it 4 stars for now.\n\nThe reality is that this place is an over-priced candy store with a lot of celebrity hub-bub. And the restaurant portion screams \"we're just like Serendipity\".\n\nBut I liked the fact that there is a bar area - both outside, pretty much in the casino, and inside, separate from the restaurant and store. It seems like a great place for a post-dinner dessert cocktail. The cocktail menu definitely had us wanting to schedule a return visit ASAP. The various concoctions sounded amazing.\n\nNext to the bar, as part of the bar area, are two large semi-circle booths with fondue table-tops. There are also a couple of small lounge tables with high-back chairs in the middle of the room. Definitely could be a great spot for some post-dinner chocolate fondue. This also had us excited as we are constantly complaining about there not being enough dessert places in Vegas (particularly on the Strip).\n\nThe restaurant itself was sleek and nice looking. I definitely liked that it is 24\/7 (info I am filing away for future use when having a late night on the Strip).\n\nThe store is fairly large and practically sends you into sugar shock just looking at it. Lots of clothing items, a cold section with a bunch of fun soda selections, a coffee and gelato bar, etc.\n\nWhat I appreciated most was the helpfulness of the staff and their willingness to offer and give samples - from samples of the bin candies to the gelato. And I am not ashamed to admit that we probably tried about 5 of the different gelato flavors - and all were great.\n\nAs I wasn't feeling chocolate-y (a rare thing for me), I opted for a scoop of the mojito sorbet (after all that free sampling, I felt compelled to purchase something). Unlike others I have had, this one actually had fresh bits of mint in it, which I liked.\n\nAll in all, it was a good experience - and it was an experience that made me aching to come back and try all of the different things. So we'll see how it all holds up on future visits.