Oh Gameworks. When will I learn to stop holding you to such high, reasonable, expectations...\n\nMy first awful experience with this place was back in January of 2015. We went for my little brother's birthday, and he was super excited to win a prize from the arcade. When we told our waiter this, he offered us the all you can play for 2 hours pass, and we thought: \"perfect, we can earn a bunch of tickets and get him something fun!\" It wasn't until the two hours ended and we tried to redeem our tickets that we were informed we did not win any tickets, the pass just gave us unlimited game play. My brother was heartbroken, and we walked out empty handed, and when we complained to the front desk they refused to do anything for us, and told us we should have specifically asked the waiter. What?! I wrote this same review on their facebook page, and management never responded. I have sworn off going here since then, but last night I decided to give it another shot since my fiance wanted to play some games for his birthday. \n\nI would give this experience two stars as well. A lot of games were not working, and the games that did work were EXPENSIVE. I get that it's in a tourist-y area, but really? 9 credits for one game where you don't get a substantial amount of tickets? It's not like the prizes you offer are anymore reasonably priced, and the cheap prizes are dollar store things. \n\nAlso, management decided it would be advantageous to dust their ceiling off as my fiance and I were standing right next to them. We were playing a game when dust just came pouring down on us - seriously?! You couldn't warn us first? Afterwards, when we walked away, the manager made eye contact with us, saw us covered in dust, and didn't say anything. I was appalled. \n\nI have tried to like this place, but I just can't. I know D&B has had some issues in it's first few weeks, but I would rather spend my time there then spend anymore time at Gameworks - they've been open for at least two years and they still can't get it together.