I know Mt. Lebanon and Bethel Park are fairly upscale, but after a few years in the California of short memories and constant reinvention, I still tend to associate a certain old-fashioned downtown design with a more working-class lifestyle. Brick and slate, side alleys, hemmed in by hillsides--it's like South Bethlehem, East Allentown, or any town in Schuylkill County. South Suburban Pittsburgh is quite sprawl-free, and winding roads snake past closely set houses in old mining and industrial villages. Keep a close eye on street signs, since main roads might not be labeled (it's a major road, shouldn't you recognize it?).\n\nBistro 19's location might have once been a place that served mainly Iron City beer (Yuengling didn't distribute out west back in the day), but now it has the small plates, local farm products, and extended wine list that you expect at an upscale-casual place. The by-the-glass selection was amazing to see for someone who grew up in the days when PA State Stores sold mainly a few kinds of cheap mass-market wine. Appetizers looked great, and the crab cake delivered in a way you only get east of the Great Lakes. Not formed crab puree, but real crabmeat coated in very light seasoned breading and (my guess) pan fried. The local duck breast was cooked perfectly--with the other layer of fat and skin cooked enough to make it crispy but not chewy or gristly. The green beans on the side were cooked past the limit of doneness, but didn't cross over to Pennsylvania Done (liquified, like most of the foul cooked vegetables I saw as a kid). I may have misread the menu, because I got sweet potatoes inside of regular mashed (not sure if it was a kitchen substitution or if my Squash Avoidance System failed me), but even those nasty things were prepared quite well (not like preparation can hide their evil squashness, though, so I had to quit after one taste). Chambord cheme brulee made up for it with a good creme brulee base enhanced with just a little flavor.\n\nService at the bar was friendly for a solo traveling diner, and the wine poured quickly and generously. It was nice to get away from the malls and chains near the hotel and find a real downtown with personality.