Let me just say the golf was fun, I went on a slow day. Nevertheless, the customer service and food was horrible. If you go here I definitely recommend eating somewhere else first. The menu makes the food look delicious and tasty, but I assure you it is extremely overpriced and bland at best. I ordered a grilled cheese with brisket in it. The bread was sponge like and soaked in grease. Almost like bad garlic bread. The brisket was bloody and bland. Ordered some cheese fries with bacon, was tasteless and barely had any fries. My brother ordered some nachos. Only 6 chips on the nachos like it was some kind of exclusive item. The funny thing is all the food is presented well like a chef made it but tasted worse than microwavable entrees.\n\nBesides the food, customer service is frustrating and quite rude. The server was more than kind, but the management was not. Halfway through our first game the system stopped despensing golf balls. We waited 30+ minutes to get maintenance to show up. When they did they opened up their despensing system and fixed it now problem like the server could of flipped a switch. Then they offered to reimburse us for the time we lost waiting for maintenance. A whole whopping 15 minutes. We asked for an hour to which maintenance scoffed and said \"not happening\". Don't blame him though, because the second incident revealed the real problem.\n\nWe then went on with the game and enjoyed ourselves. We of course had to pay for another hour. No biggy it's the nature of their business. Wish it was less expensive but I know they have to make money somehow. When we decided to use their wonky computer system to buy an extra hour (look into a manual approach to buying more time guys I saw servers using their system, it's an inconvenience to make your customers use your automatic system.) It showed the wrong time, so we decided to ask for some reassurance from the server to know we aren't paying more for time we aren't using. The server quickly grabbed a manager. The manager was rude and insulting to the server and to me. Quickly cutting me and the server off when we tried to explain the question with \"I don't see what the problem is.\" \"So what's the problem\" in a rude and annoyed attitude. Eventually just walking away and not helping whatsoever.