Forget what you know about buying jewelry from a chain store. Sure, I'm sure there are scumbags who look like something on late night TV, rings on each finger with four or five pounds of gold beneath a t-shirt unbuttoned just a bit too far to be comfortable or casual. Thankfully, tact takes precedence at Kay.\n\nWe were greeted upon arrival, and quickly ushered into our appropriate section by two employees. We needed to find a new setting for my fiancee's diamond, and had our eye on something specific. Immediately, we were shown beautiful settings with absolutely no pressure to 'upgrade' the diamond. There was no pressure to upgrade our price range into something Kim Kardashian would look at and say \"Oh, wow.\" without a hint of sarcasm.\n\nAnd despite our somewhat low price point we were seeking, the interest from the sales people never wavered. They didn't become bored and decide that the sale didn't matter to them. They were attentive and talked more than just diamonds. We talked about the Browns and my Susan G. Komen Browns Coaches cap I'd purchased earlier that day. I was a bit apprehensive about the pink striped hat, but, they agreed it was for a great cause and looked surprisingly good in person. \n\nThis, friends, is key: I am an old-fashioned soul and as such, I identify with people who make time to ensure that the customer should not only remember who they are, but also take time to recommend them to friends and family. My family is still friends with the realtor who sold our house over twenty years ago, and we've sent hundreds of clients his way. He sold my fiancee our current home and we're happy to call him a friend.\n\nAfter dealing with them yesterday, I would definitely recommend Kay at Westgate to anyone looking for any sort of jewelry. I know we'll likely go back when it's time to buy our wedding bands, and I know I'll go back and ask for a few more cards for a few more friends. And hopefully, they'll tell two friends, and those two friends will tell two friends, and those two friends will tell two friends and so on.