Awwwww, Cheddar Bay Biscuits! \n\nReally, what more can I add to Cheddar Bay Biscuits?  Those things must be made with crack because you will be addicted after the first bite.  Yummy!\n\nOk, ok, now to the review!  Red Lobster is an A-OK restaurant in my book.  I don't visit it often, but when I do, I always enjoy my meal.  It isn't fancy, but it sure is tasty.  The prices are pretty reasonable for what you get.  They often have great specials, like the 4 course meal for $14.99.  And the best part, unlimited Cheddar Bay BiscuitsI   RL also has some great lunch specials for when you want something smaller and cheaper.  Most of the lunch specials are $7.99, which is pretty good for some seafood.   I always feel like I got a great deal when the bill arrives for lunch or dinner.  \n\nThe menu is pretty big and quite diverse as well.  If you like shrimp, you are in luck because there always seems to be at least a dozen different types of shrimp.  They also have lots of other seafood options to suit everyone in your group.  Don't like seafood?  That's ok too, because they have steak, chicken, and beef options as well.  Everyone should be happy in your party.  If anything, everyone can just eat the unlimited Cheddar Bay Biscuits.  Have I mentioned how amazing those suckers are yet? Yum!\n\nThe food over all is ok.  The dishes are ok.  Nothing is really special or outstanding, but it gets the job done.  The super highlight of the menu is the chicken tortilla soup.  It is super duper yummy and I think my favorite thing at RL.  It is a chain restaurant, so at least you always know what to expect, no matter which location you are at.\n\nThe service here is usually pretty good.  They have a dud or 2 in the service department, but that is everywhere it seems.  I don't require much though, just keep the Cheddar Bay Biscuits coming and my soda filled and I am head over heels happy.  \n\nThe interior is ok as well.  I know they want to be fancy, but it is still just an ok interior.  This location was recently remodeled though and is looking a lot fresher.\n\nSo, the moral of the story is that Red Lobster is ok.  And guess what??? I will be back for some more Cheddar Bay Biscuits!