I can't say enough about this terrific addition to the Madison dining scene. If you know the Lowlands Group of restaurants in Milwaukee, you are already rejoicing. If you are new to that group of restaurants, now you know which places to seek out the next time you visit Milwaukee and where to go the next time you want a great experience on the west side of Madison. The headlines: \n-incredibly beautiful location with two levels and essentially garage doors instead of windows that will open completely in nice weather\n-terrific, informed and genuinely nice servers that can't be beat anywhere else\n-fun, yummy menu that you will want to try, try again for lunch, brunch and dinner\n-a welcoming community of food\/beer\/bike lovers that makes you want to buy a t-shirt (how often does that happen?) ... in a word, HAPPINESS!\n\nI think this place has a lot to live up to, and they are already on their way. First, the standard that Hollander, Bavaria, Centraal and Benelux in Milwaukee has set means that the bar is high for food, service and atmosphere. Second, people will compare Hollander-Hilldale to both Brasserie V (for Belgian food\/beer) and Great Dane (the \"other\" Hilldale go-to restaurant). I suspect that when you read Yelp reviews over time that many will say that they like BV or GD better and Hollander is not their thing, or as in my case I have been waiting for a better Brasserie V experience and a better Hilldale option than Great Dane. So depending on who you are and what you like, if you adore BV and GD, you will be hard to impress and will probably find faults with Hollander. For me it is long overdue and I have been tired of the many flaws at BV and GD but I always had to settle for them. But no more!\n\nMy husband and I went to Hollander first during the soft opening. When all proceeds went to charity, folks! Who does that?! So even though they were open and charging full price for their menu, they were giving it all away. That should tell you a lot about the company. They only opened on Monday (10\/19\/15). Monday! Which means all the reviews you have been reading at the end of October 2015 are about a brand-new place which is finding its feet with all new staff in a built-from-the-ground-up location. Amazing! Our second visit was with a large group of friends to introduce them all to the new place that we are so excited about. Two very different experiences but a lot of happiness to report.\n\nDuring the soft opening we had dinner late on Friday, sat in the bar and felt it was pretty quiet and relaxed. APRIL did a great job serving us--we can't wait to see her again! She was helpful and knowledgeable and had a lovely thoughtful energy that will make her great at her job. We loved the meatloaf (a little spicy), and the potato chip beer batter fish fry was amazing... admittedly for those who lean more towards the batter than the fish when enjoying a fish fry but that's me! Might consider ordering a veg on the side for the meatloaf and extra tartar for the fish fry, but the interesting coleslaw and the side of pumpernickel were nice touches. The beer menu takes a little getting used to, because you locate the beer you want on the first few pages and then refer to the page number next to it for more info like the price. Be sure to do that, as prices can vary a lot on a beer list this huge.\n\nA week later we brought a large group to enjoy the new place, and EMMA took care of us wonderfully. There were plenty of hiccups and she managed them all with such sincerity and helpfulness that they didn't impact our experience much at all. For example, she was considerate to our request that we break up the checks instead of getting one check for the whole group. When only some people's food came out first and we had to wait for the rest, she was attentive and apologetic, and yet we were there to hang out and we had quickly received appetizers already so we didn't care much at all. Or when we inquired about the seasonal dessert but they were out of it for the night, we ended up with the brownie skillet all around, which was \"OMG\" worthy for sure! The one thing to try (besides mussels\/frites) that would be a nod to the Benelux region is the bitteballen, a tasty fried app that reminds us of Holland.