I've been wanting to try jiu jitsu for a long, long time. I've followed Black House fights for years but shied away from taking any MMA classes for a million and one reasons. I took a class in NJ but eh, it just didn't click for me. In June I signed up for my free class at 10th Planet -  I remember coming home and feeling really alive, I LOVED it. I raved and raved about it.  Unfortunately, I didn't sign up then - a bunch more excuses (valid or not, excuses) - then a few months later, I found myself sitting in the small front office signing up for a membership.  I'm not sure what compelled me to come back: it's kind of like that person you can't stop thinking about or a craving you have, I didn't stop thinking about that class! So I signed up in October and it's still pretty early in my jiu jitsu training but I can highly recommend this gym. The coaches are all really knowledgable and helpful, everyone that trains there is so nice and welcoming. I signed up just as everything in my life was about to fall apart. I didn't realize that things were going to blow up in my face and I would need jiu jitsu more than I could have imagined. I kept coming to class and showed up and found an unexpected family on the mats and an amazing distraction but, more than anything, I've learned so much about myself! Everything that happens on the mat happens in real life, too. Except the best thing is that you're not doing it alone - you're working stuff out with a partner or Coach Casey sitting on the yoga ball offering advice, there's always someone there to help. You just have to show up and be willing to say, \"I want to learn, please teach me.\" Jiu jitsu brings a whole different kind of body awareness that is really unique and different than other kinds of sports and activities. You don't know anything and everyday is overwhelming and you feel lost and then, one day, you realize that you do know something and you know a little more and more and soon, it begins to make sense. It's about trust, commitment, dedication, and practice. \nIf nothing else, just try a class. And if you already train, come to open mat! It's so fun. This is absolutely not how I imagined spending my weekday nights and weekdays but I love it. I hate when I travel because I miss the gym so much!