The food here is decent bar food (the angry tots are a crave-worthy) and I love the atmosphere. I find the pricing to be pretty cheap too (angry tots, two sodas and two orders of wings were just over $20) Plenty of flat screens and a covered deck furnished with picnic tables make this the perfect place to have a few drinks, grab a bite and watch the game. It's really quite a shame that the service *Absolutely Sucks* Every time. EVERY time. \n\nAfter visiting 4 times I'm pretty confident in stating that their staff is consistently horrific when it comes to service:\n-  Appetizers will come out with or after entree's (yeah, you heard me, after)\n-  Drinks will go empty for 10 minutes or more\n-  Entire orders may be lost (All other entrees and most other appetizers had been delivered, but the birthday guy didn't get his entree until long after we'd all finished eating...and THEN his appetizer came out after we'd all paid our checks and after he said not to bother making it lol).\n-  You will wait forever for your check. And if you want to split the check even two ways just bring cash and do it yourself. They can't handle that either. (Experienced this one EVERY time.)\n\nLast time we waited over 20 minutes for our check. Seriously, we'd finished our meals, consolidated our trash and stacked our plates when our waitress finally sauntered by and said she'd get our check and proceeded to a table near the front door to pick up her tip and bus the table. Uhm, hello?? The restaurant is nearly empty - could you get my check and THEN bus the table that no one is waiting on? Then she disappeared.  I eventually went walking around the restaurant with my debit card in hand trying to find our waitress so we could get the hell out of there. I asked another server and she said rather than cashing us out herself she'd find our waitress. 10 minutes later I finally spotted her and was able to corner her by the coffee station and make her print out our check. Geeze. I wanna go back, but I just can't take it. \n\nThe owners seem to staff their other restaurant around the corner superbly (Old Stone Steakhouse). I'll certainly continue to frequent that town gem. I'm not sure how they handpicked such an inept staff for Jax?