We came here for restaurant week.\n\nCan I just say the layout of the parking lot is beyond silly. I don't know if they're trying to be fancy by not having lines of parking spaces, instead choosing to place the spots by sprinkling them throughout the place. We had to park way out by the Taco Bell lot. Plowing the lot must be a nightmare.\n\nFor $35 you got a salad, or soup, petite filet, an accompaniment, and a dessert of your choosing.\n\nIt was a Friday and they weren't particularly busy for a Friday, or for Restaurant Week. It also happened that we made a reservation through their online system and were able to get seated within 5 minutes of arrival.\n\nOddly we were provided a bread basket before we had water at our table. The bread, while soft and spongy, we still required water to help it down. To our relief, it came after we were two helpings in. The bread was warm, but otherwise not memorable. It came with plain, whipped butter. I will say that Fleming's has a slight advantage over Ruth's on this aspect.\n\nI opted for the Caesar salad because our main server (like other fine dining steakhouses, you get a main server leader and a slew of minions) didn't mention what the soup option was that night.\n\nThe salad arrived already tossed and dressed with large shavings of Parmesan cheese and delightfully airy, but flavorful croutons. A large black pepper grinder was offered to dust it all off.\n\nMedium Well here means still pink in the middle. The filet arrived on a hot plate, still sizzling, making the sweat juices from the steak dance. I chose mashed potatoes for a side and instead of being on the plate, it came in it's own gravy boat-esq dinnerware. It had a hint of garlic with a not too fine consistency, in other words - perfect. The steak was amazing! Had an outer layer crust of black peppercorn and sea salt. Cooked to perfection, it had a slight hue in the middle but was not bloody. I would guess it was about 5 oz which at first thought would be much too small for my appetite, but I was incorrect. Savoring each bite of the melty meat allowed me to enjoy my meal in its entirety. \n\nWe left fully satisfied with both the food as well as the fact that our wallet wasn't worse for wear.