Today I went into DR Turkeltaubs office to see Shannon for my third laser treatment.  I couldn't wait to show Shannon the improvements since she last saw me!!!  \n\nI had some of those brown spots like large freckles on my hands and arms from being a sun worshipper in my youth.  She has zapped me with the laser last time from my hands to the op of my arm and each one DISAPPEARED!!\n\nI looked down at my hands and arms one-day last week and went WOW!!!!  I cannot believe how \"clean\" they looked without those brown age spots. My hands look so much younger now. I keep staring at them.lol\n\nToday Shannon worked on the ongoing areas of my face, neck, and chest\/cleavage.   The skin coloring is all evening out to its original color of my skin without spots.  It's looking smoother and creamy again. The skin seems to be tightening up too....with less creepiness. This is SO EXCITING!!!!  Beyond exciting!!\n\nI was scared in the beginning and now I have no fears of pain or anything else and  now its the highlight of my life to go for my next appointment.  I guess I expected pain...and was just scared in general, even tough I heard and saw from a couple friends how effective it was on them. It is not painful..at the end of the session I just feel warm on the areas that were done. A good warm, not a bad warm.\n\nThis is all mind boggling to me. I am thrilled that I got the nerve and decided to have the laser treatments done in spite of my original fears. This is beyond what I expected!!!  I can't wait to see what happens from today's appointment.   It is pretty good because I can walk out of the office and I do not look weird. Any pinkness or evidence of the treatment itself is gone by the next day. No down time is a bonus for sure.\n\nShannon is a sweetheart and is extremely understanding to how self-conscious a woman can be when she is over 50 and the skin has started to change and get spots and signs of aging.  She really understands how seriously this affects my opinion of myself.  I am so incredibly happy I could just POP!!!    I needed a real to \"pick me up\" and it this has worked.