If you are a normal human being and actually like getting your money's worth, do not come here. Their poor service, higher than average costs, and ridiculously small amount of time spent on each client combined will leave you deliriously thinking that maybe the mark up on movie theater popcorn isn't so bad after all compared to this. \n\nI came with a bridal party so we were the only ones being serviced. I think it's weird they don't have the nail polish bottles upfront for you to look at, but if it's to keep people from stealing I totally understand. If you're looking for color or texture variety though, you won't find it here, Looking at the non-member pricing, I literally winced in pain. A kidney stone would have felt better. For the price of a pedi, you could get a mani and pedi from a place elsewhere through a mailer coupon. Prices on this yelp page are misleading because it's for members only, non members pay at least $10 more. But wait, this is in Old Town - so you're paying for a better quality service, right?\n\nWrong. So much more wrong than any of the answers I've ever given on all of my calculus tests combined. I asked for a specific color I saw from the color chart in the lobby and the lady tersely said \"No. We don't have it.\" Ok. Not cool, but then I politely asked, \"Do you have anything similar to it perhaps?\" Without even looking at me she says \"No.\" We literally just sat there until I realized she wasn't going to help me out any further. I wasn't really in the mood to start anything because we were here for the bride so I just told her to please choose a shiny nude, which is what I originally wanted and miraculously she came out with one which confused me because she just told me there wasn't anything similar.\n\nI asked for a callus removal which is extra and she came out with a nail filer. Where's the usual grater? Apparently that's all they used and thus, I ended up paying extra for her to pet my calluses instead of removing those bad babies. They time the leg massage part, but they really should be timing the entire service because I was done in less than 20 minutes. The bride who asked for a mani was done in 15 minutes - I actually timed it. I let my cousins jack up\/play with my nails for fun and they spend longer on me then these guys. They state a time of at least 35 minutes on their menu but I guess it's not a priority. \n\nPlease just go to your neighborhood nail salon. It might not be decorated like a Waco home on HGTV with succulents everywhere, but at least they give you the service you paid for with extra amenities you never knew to be thankful for in the first place. This is one painful experience your nails should never have to go through #firstworldproblems