I picked this place because of how highly it was rated on yelp.  I called and set an appointment to get a mani\/pedi.  They were very accommodating over the phone, and I was pleased. :)\n\nThe service is really wonderful, the lady who did my nails was fantastic.  I normally have a really hard time understanding what to do or say in this sort of setting... like what kind of small talk to make or not make, what should I do with my hands or my feet, and all.... I usually only ever get pedicures done because that's easy and simple--you're not face to face with someone so no need for chit-chat. :)  I am very glad I picked here to go though because Sharon was wonderful--the job she did on my nails is super pretty (I got gels on my hands and feet.), and she took such an interest in making sure they turned out to her specification and I'm quite glad she did.  I love the job she did, and she made the experience very wonderful. :)\n\nThe reason I rated this three stars though isn't because of the service or anything, it's because of the facilities.  I expected one of those foot tubs with whirling jets and bubbles... none to be found but a tub manually filled with hot sudsy water.  I asked for black gel tips and the owner still hadn't replaced it.  One of those UV nail dryer things was broken so we were switching back and forth because it hadn't been replaced yet.  \n\nWhile the people are nice and staffed well (listening I could hear that everyone seemed to have repeat clients with that they knew all about and stuff, you know how hair dressers and their clients talk and gossip and stuff, I just wish that the owner would invest a little more in making this an *actual* day spa, and not a hair salon that wishes it was a day spa too.\n\nI'm not 100% sure I'd go back, just because for $100 + tip for a mani\/pedi I was expecting a facility with some more high-end gadgets or something. :)  But, at the same time, I may just as well go back because these people actually speak English and treat you so very well! :3  I guess I'll know what's more important to me next month.... :)