My review is for my experience in the ER and at the Ear, Nose & Throat Clinic.\n\nI was the victim of a random attack and was taken to Mount Sinai's ER on July 9th where I was assessed and where I had to give the statement to police. I was comforted by the police officer telling me I was an innocent victim of an unprovoked, random attack and that they would capture the person who attacked me (someone I had never seen or encountered in my life).\n\nI was told in the ER I had no fracture (in my nose), when this was incorrect.\n\nI mention this because when I returned to Mount Sinai for follow-up appointment (on Aug 1) with Dr. Jerry S. Chapnik, Otolaryngology Head & Neck Surgery specialist at the Ear, Nose and Throat clinic, he told me I had had my nose fractured and it brought back all the feelings and emotions of fear, shock and trauma. The ER doctors didn't make the right assessment.\n\nJerry Chapnik told me there was nothing to be done, but I asked him what I could do on my part to make sure I took care of myself (that is, my nose), he told me not to get into fist fights.\n\nI was shocked by this word choice. I had explained 3 times during the examination (to his student and to him) that I was the innocent victim of a random attack on the subway. I started to voice that I was the innocent victim of random attack when he cut me off, saying he was not judging, and continued.\n\nBut his poor word choice only made the feelings of fear and trauma from the attack come back stronger and more hurtful because I was being blamed for being a victim - this was an unprovoked attacked. \n\nAs a woman of colour and him being a white man, the gender politics of saying these words carry a stronger meaning. \n\nHis job is to heal not to blame or make the patient feel worse. After he got his poor word choice out, he walked out with the medical student following at his heels.\n\nHis total lack of empathy and poor bedside manners reflect poorly on Mount Sinai Hospital. The low level of quality in this hospital and that people who allegedly take the Hippocratic Oat display no empathy and no regard or care for patient's wellbeing.