First, be sure to read the \"reviews that are not currently recommended\". There's a whoooooole lot of 1 stars in there...which conveniently helps this Stamps Auto location seem much better than it is. Easy to look like a great business when nearly all of your negative reviews are filtered. \n\nNow on to the important part...\n\nPerhaps my negative experience was an isolated incident, but I would never consider going back to this shop. I apologize that this is such a lengthy review, but if it helps only one person to make an informed decision, then it's worth it. \n\nI hopped in my 2000 Chevy at 6:30 that morning to head to work. I hadn't made it a mile in to the drive when the car started shuddering and the service engine soon light began to flash. I knew this meant components of my engine could be damaged if I continued to drive, so I immediately pulled over and shut the engine off. I walked home and began to scour the internet for the top rated repair shop in my area. Not only on Yelp, but also highly rated on Google, I decided to call this Stamps Auto. I did not care that I would probably have to pay more than I do at my regular, amazing mechanic (he's on the other side of Phoenix and my insurance company wouldn't cover the cost to take it to him). All that mattered to me was that previous consumers had not felt deceived or \"taken to the cleaners\", like many other auto shops are known for. I was looking for someone local that I could trust, and so I gave them a call. I asked the girl who answered the phone if my car would at least be diagnosed that same day, and she assured me that it would. Perfect! I called the tow truck company.\n\nAt around 9am the tow truck company arrived and dropped my car off at Stamps Auto shortly thereafter. Finally around 4pm that day I received a call stating that my car had just been pulled in to the shop and that they would call me in the morning with more information. Okay...so much for at least getting it diagnosed today, but oh well, I guess they got busy. \n\nThe next morning around 10am I get a call to let me know that the mechanic was unable to actually diagnose the specific problem. Why? Because the day prior, they had left my car sitting in their parking lot from shortly after 9am until 4pm (when the finally pulled it in to the garage) with the KEYS IN THE IGNITION AND THE KEY STILL TURNED OVER. As a result, the battery was dead when they finally brought it in to the garage, and so they could not retrieve the code that was thrown when the service engine light started flashing. On top of that (and much to my benefit), he could not get the car to act up again. He said he was going to do some more checking around to see if he could still find the problem and would call me back.\n\nThat afternoon he called to inform me that he could not locate the specific problem, as he still couldn't get the car to act up, but that he had come up with a very long, OVER FOUR THOUSAND DOLLAR ESTIMATE of work that \"needed\" to be done. The kicker? The laundry list of work was only \"maintenance\" type work and only \"had a 50% chance of actually fixing\" what I had brought my car in for. That. Is. Insane. I am a college student that drives a 13 year old Chevy. I could buy 4 more of my car for that price. (And for anyone curious, only $1000 of that was in parts. Over $3000 of the cost was labor charges.) I understand that an older car is not going to come out of a mechanic's shop without something that should be addressed. And I do not mind paying a mechanic what he is worth, as I have many times in the past. But, to want to charge 4 times the amount of the car's worth for a laundry list of maintenance work, and with only a 50% chance of fixing the problem that I specifically called you to fix, that you couldn't properly diagnose because you left my keys in the ignition for 6 hours and let the battery die? No thanks. All trust has been lost and I will take my car elsewhere. Which is exactly what I did. I also had my regular mechanic look at it. Both agreed that my car had one small oil leak, but that none of the other work that had been recommended was necessary. \n\nI will say that the gentleman I interacted with was very nice and spoke professionally throughout my experience. However, based on my experience, I would never recommend this shop to anyone.\n\nEdit: The owner called me after he read my post. He told me to try their location in Queen Creek and asked me to remove my review \"because people can leave bad reviews out of spite when they are angry\". Ha! I waited weeks before I posted about my experience and guess what..I was still PISSED when I wrote it because what your company did was WRONG on so many levels...and other people deserve to know about it!