3 stars? 3 STARS? I'm clutching my pearls. 3???? I must be a pleb because Momofuku Noodle Bar is definitely 5-star worthy excellence in my books. 5 stars to me doesn't necessarily mean perfection (but service and price have to be reasonably on point), however there needs to be some WOW factor. I need to keep thinking about the food there. Well, Momofuku didn't Momofukup in that department. \n\nI try not to review a place after only going once (unless I was able to sample a huge offering), so after going the first time and trying their Ginger Scallion Noodle, I really had to hold back. That was the best veggie dish I've ever had. I came back and got a taste of their bao and rice bowl and I think I'm ready to commit. UGHHH SO GOOD. I LOVE EVERYTHING. \n\n1) Ginger Scallion Noodle ($14 + $4 for Katsu) - Includes shitake mushrooms, pickles, pickled cabbage. Every different vegetable had a distinctly different flavour. My mind was blown. This wasn't some plain old noodle where all the veggies are similarly marinated. The Katsu was nice and crispy. The noodles were pleasingly chewy. I think this one's my favourite. \n\n2) Lamb Tsukemen ($18) - I learned that Momofuku's menu isn't stagnant when I came back wanting to order this, and it wasn't there! I had a bite of my friend's the first time I came. The dipping broth was Szechuan-inspired, red and numbing deliciousness. The lamb was super tender. \n\n3) Pork Belly Bao ($12) - You ever have pure decadence in your mouth? That comes in the form of melting pork belly, sweet hoisin sauce, soft Chinese bun, and a hint of pickle and scallions to cut through the fattiness when you think you can't take it anymore. \n\n4) Fried Chicken and Caviar Don ($20) - The fried chicken is different from the Katsu (not breadcrumb coated), but man that is some flavourful chicken!! The texture was crispy but the meat was moist. They use little trout caviar which offers a bit of resistance when you bite into them. Overall, it was an extremely interesting dish full of flavour explosions. I also had full-blown itis after it, so you know it's not a light lunch by any means. \n\nFor ramen, this place is definitely on the higher end, but for the financial district, the food's a steal. You could be spending $30 on pre-prepped food that tastes the same at all the overpriced chain restaurants in the area. Instead, you can spend that money on some incredibly tasty baos and noodles. Moxies...Momofuku...you be the judge.  \n\n(88\/2017)