PLEASE READ!!!!! AND SHARE!!! So my husband and I sold our truck to this dealer on the 3rd of November. We were told by the salesman that we'd have to wait about two weeks to get our check because they had to payoff our loan with our bank first. It was paid off within a week, we know this because we called our bank. We then called Toyota to ask if our check was ready to be picked up, they said it was not because they did not have the title yet. We were never once told that we had to wait to receive our check until they got the title in the mail. So we waited another two weeks and called our bank to see if they sent the title. They did a week ago, but Toyota somehow hasn't received it in the mail yet. By now we are already pissed off that we were told two weeks and it's now been three weeks since. And to begin with we had no idea we had to wait on the title. We called to see if they had the title yet, the lady on the phone said no we don't but we are waiting on it because we SOLD the truck. So we took a trip to the dealer asking for our money. The general sales manager took us into his office and told us that he'd call our bank to make sure it was a clean and clear title and that he'd have a check for us the following afternoon. We were stoked! We finally got somewhere after asking for the owners information. Next day, the general sales manager calls us saying that he cannot give us a check and there's nothing he can do to help us. So we asked again for the owners information and were given a number to call. We asked to speak with him in person but he said I can't make that happen because he's OUT OF STATE. We called the owner and left a message just asking to meet with him so we could talk about our situation, he called and said he was on his way to the dealer. Imagine that! He's out of state but yet on his way! He kept calling and trying to talk over the phone but we kept asking to speak with him at the dealer face to face instead. So we are waiting in the lobby... He pulls in with a nice fancy car... Walks in \"Jack!\" Strong armed my husband and mad dogs him saying \"My names Brian, you are NOT getting your check today and you are NOT getting your truck today!\" He immediately instigated a fight. I asked him while he's staring at my husband with ahold of his hand still to \"Please stop being a dick.\" Because he was. That's not how you treat a customer and introduce yourself as the owner! He continued to stare me down and walked off heated. He came back all huffy and puffy, looked down to see that my husband was open carrying a firearm. He proceeded to ask my husband to leave because he was uncomfortable and started to put his hand on my husband and I spoke up \"Do NOT put your hands on my husband!\"  And We both spoke up saying \"No, it's his right to carry and it is NOT posted that we cannot carry.\" Owner walked off AGAIN. He came back a few minutes later asking what we wanted them to do... I said \"well you guys can stop lying to us and give us our truck back right now.\" Owner, \"I can't do that, it's in California.\" They already sold out truck to another dealer, apparently. By now we really don't know what to believe. And he then, continued to actually talk normal\/somewhat nice to us, telling us more bullshit about how the system works. We brought up that we had already called around asking other dealers if we'd have to wait for our check because of the title, they all said no you'd walk out with a check that same day you sold it to us. The owner called us liars and to think what we want and continued to ask \"Are you two delusional?\" He asked us to leave. Towards the end my husband got out his camera (we had meant to record the whole thing but forgot) well the owner wasn't to fond of that and we only got him being \"nice\" and walking away saying \"Have a nice day, thank you.\" on video. We are so fed up with this situation and wish we could do something about it. But we can't. We will write reviews everywhere we can though and share our experience  on Facebook for everyone to share. Thank you for reading this post and please don't do business with this Toyota dealer. We feel like we've been scammed and were treated poorly.