I'm so disappointed to have to update this review. Having moved to NYC and back here again it was really a place I was looking forward to visiting again. \n\nI travel a lot and sleep on planes a lot and in bad hotel beds a lot so having a massage is obviously super important. A super important thing I don't do often enough. Which is why I booked a massage twice in one week here. \n\nThe first visit I saw Sydney (sp?) and she was great. I needed a deep tissue massage and that's exactly what I got. I also had a pinched nerve that was just killing me, but she couldn't get to it so I let it ride. I knew I needed another massage as my body was just rebelling against my constant abuse of it so I made the second appointment.\n\nThe day of I called and said that while I really liked Sydney's massage, she hadn't been able to get to my pinched nerve (one of the main reasons I came the first time) and I was desperate to have someone who knew a little more therapeutic massage try to fix it. I would have been fine had they not been able to change so quickly, but they told me that the owner would be doing this massage. I assumed that it was because she could definitely get my pinched nerve to come UN-pinched. Ouch.\n\nMet the owner, not sure of her name, I think I forgot. At any rate I wasn't super impressed with her personality. Moved on as I wasn't there to make friends. She began the massage and, this is the one thing I really disliked about the place before, she starts doing really strange things to, I think, get that hard to reach nerve? Not sure. I have had an excellent therapeutic massage for the exact same problem and this was NOTHING like that AT ALL. I wasn't contorted into a million different positions and the other person knew exactly how to un-pinch that nerve. This was not that place.\n\nAnyway, before my massage I had a momentary lapse of judgement and went and spray tanned. Had I remembered my massage I would not have done this. No worries, the owner asked me where I got my tan at. I proceeded to tell her that it was actually a spray tan, not a bed tan, and I got it at this place around the corner where she snidely interjected that I needed a new tanning place. She then commented that the sheets were black. This is not true on any level. She massaged only my back and not much else. The spray tan doesn't come off that easily. Give me a break. Don't be upset when I write a review like this then use your commenting abilities to make me look bad. \n\nFirst, I don't pay someone to comment negatively on my buying choices. I pay someone to get rid a pinched nerve. Second, it's a spray tan. It isn't permanent, it's spray. They say to wait 6 hours to shower for a reason: it definitely comes off if you rub oil on it (but it doesn't come off parts of the body that don't).. Mea culpa.\n\nAnyway, after all was said and done I went to pay and the owner was talking to the receptionist about me. I also don't pay for that.\n\nI left knowing I would never be back here and that my pinched nerve problem was still not solved after spending a lot of money. While my back felt good after loosening the muscles, a few hours later it was back again. Never again.\n\n(I'm super nervous about posting this. I do NOT want a bi***y reply from the owner. All her replies are just so outrageously rude. Ugh.)