I absolutely LOVE living here! \nI was living in a building that was owned by the same company (Equity Residential), and was happy until it was sold to another company. Once the management changed at my old complex, everything went downhill - fast, and my husband and I decided it was time to move elsewhere. Since we liked the management company, we decided to check out Strayhorse. I'm so happy we did!\n- Terry is always so friendly any time I go to the office for a question or to pick up a package. She helps make the complex feel like a community, and it's always nice to know I'll see a familiar face when I go in. Some places go through staff quicker than you can learn their names, and they're less than happy to see you. That's never the case here. I'm always welcomed in with a smile. \n- The maintenance team is quick to respond to requests. They are very efficient in getting things done right the first time, and are friendly and pleasant to work with.\n- The location is great! My husband and I have one car between the two of us, and we're right within walking distance to several grocery stores, shops, and restaurants. The neighborhood is so nice, and I always feel safe walking in the area. \n- The community itself is beautiful. It's located right next to a golf course and is always well maintained. I have a gorgeous view of the mountains and sprawling greenery of the golf course from my back porch, and can even see the lake from my apartment. \nAnd THAT LAKE! Oh, it's beautiful! It's stocked full of Koi and other large fish, has ducks and other cute birds, and turtles. I like to take my daughter down to the lake to feed the animals, which she loves. Nothing like being able to build those memories and traditions right in your own backyard. \n- It's also a small enough community that it feels cozy and homey, not overwhelming. Instead of living among a bunch of anonymous neighbors, I know many of them and recognize many others, who always say hello and wave when my daughter and I go on walks. Again, it's that community feel that is so nice and important. \nI have nothing but good things to say about my time living here, and we plan to stay here the rest of our time living in Arizona.