I went at 3:30pm so I was able to enjoy both their lunch and dinner offerings, since dinner began at 4pm!  Also, there was no line to get in.\n\nI particularly enjoyed the kobe beef top sirloin (dinner only) but was a little dismayed by how rare my cut was.  The veal osso bucco was excellent and tender, the meat was very soft and well-flavored.  The paella was also delicious but a little runny.  There was a large selection of grilled\/baked\/steamed\/what have you fish filets, including tilapia, salmon, and cod.  I particularly liked their cod.  The sushi selection is limited, featuring only the usual suspects you'd see anywhere that serves sushi and nigiri.  No eel :(\n\nAs for the snow crab legs, they were cold (but aren't they cold everywhere?).  My only real complaint is that they were kind of too salty.  I didn't gorge on those like I normally do at buffets, but that's fine since I was saving room for dessert.\n\nThe dessert selection was impressive.  Not only was it vast but the pre-plated desserts were actually complex and innovative, not just variations on yellow cake.  The banana walnut cake was a sleeper hit -- it was amazing and actually distinguished itself from a banana walnut muffin that I'm so used to eating.  The tirimisu had a real alcoholic kick, which I liked.  The miniature ice cream cones filled with vanilla or dark chocolate cremes were delicious -- bonus points to the vanilla one because its cone is lined with nutella on the inside.  As for the un-plated desserts, like bread pudding and bananas foster, I did not try them.  They appeared to be forgotten and unappealing since that section of the dessert bar was not even lighted... o.O \n\nOverall I was satisfied with eating at The Big B.  The wait staff was friendly and attentive, checking up regularly and bringing us our drinks in a timely manner.  Entree foods that aren't supposed to be oily were not oily -- nothing was heavier than it should be.  So many buffets have trouble with this, but Bellagio's does not.  I was glad to be able to try everything I wanted to try before my stomach got stuffed!