Stay away from this gym! Not because of the classes and the gym itself, but because it is one of those gym's that require you to commit to a contract term up front, with no cancellation options unless you buy out the remainder of your term, and with an auto renewal which if you forgot to cancel prior to would lock you into another contract term. My son, who was 17 at the time of joining this gym (location at Scottsdale and Tbird), signed up for a year at $24.99\/mo (plus other service inconsistent fees), and I was required to sign as well bc he was a minor.  \n\nHe attended for a while but then his Dad got a Lifetime membership so he stopped using the SmartGym membership. I reminded him as he approached his year contract term to call them and cancel the membership. He did so, and was told that it would still cycle for another 30 days and then it would be terminated.  The last charge to show up for the membership was the month he called to cancel (April 2017), since then there have been no changes to his debit card auto pay, there have also been no changes to our home mailing address, his cell # or my cell # (I know they had mine bc they called me regularly to pressure me into joining). At no point did I receive a call, a paper bill or any follow up information letting us know that this account was not in fact cancelled and was now being charged fines and fees to the tune of $500+ that I learned of today, almost 6 months after he made that cancellation call. This exorbitant fee equals almost TWO full years on his contract, that's highway robbery!\n\nNow the amount is in collection, we were never given an opportunity to remedy it and instead it racked late fees and all kinds of other related fees at almost $100 per month. When I spoke to the collections agency rep, he let me know he works exclusively for these gyms. It is such a racket, be very cautious and careful these folks are as opportunist as their counterparts, and want you to sign your life away in an unrealistic and unfair contract.\n\nMy son was a minor, his credit is now potentially going to be impacted. They wouldn't let us make payments to pay the fine, we have to pay it all at once of it will get reported. It's like a hostage situation and I feel totally taken advantage of. This type of predatory type business approach is shameful and should not be tolerated. I have seen and heard of it happening with other gyms in the past, and SmartGym is no exception. Month to month gyms or gyms with no hassle cancellation policies should be the ones rewarded for their fair and upfront fees.\n\nI intend to tell everyone I know to stay away. I tried to call and speak to someone at the location today and got Tyler on the phone, without looking up the account and researching anything to do with the charges, he assured me I was the one in the wrong and not them...nice customer service!