DON'T STAY HERE ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE GETTING MARRIED IN VEGAS. I reserved our room a few months in advance and was told that we would have a Jacuzzi tub in our room and that there were plenty of mirrors in the room (which was a selling point for our wedding night). I even confirmed this with the concierge on the phone 3 times in the same conversation before I paid the full reservation fee. \n\nWe get there and nothing was at all what I had expected for our wedding night. I called the front desk and they said the person that I spoke with has been working there for years and there is no way he would have said that there was a Jacuzzi in the room and that is had big mirrors everywhere. Front desk said he would talk with his manager and get back to us. Also the complimentary champagne was also not available and when I ended having to call back he said he can't get a hold of his manager and he has to ask him if we can also have our champagne (which later we got a drink ticket for).   \n\nI finally call the front desk again for the third time and he still hasn't spoken to his manager, he said that he can knock off the resort fees for us and we can check out the next day (instead of staying the 3 nights we paid for). We said it is just easier to stay here and took the resort fees as being discounted as a plus. \n\nNEXT DAY, Our wedding day. We wake up to a phone call at 9 am which we had missed. We fell back to sleep for an hour and then woke up to start getting ready for our wedding. I go into the bathroom to wash my face and start applying my wedding make up. Unfortunately when I went to turn the water on  to rinse my face of soap the water would not come on. We called the front desk and explained we have our wedding to get ready for. They said they would let us check out of the hotel, that the water would not be back on for 2 hours and that we didn't have to pay the resort fees. We ended up canceling my hair appointment at the hotel for the wedding up-do and  the water came on an hour later. We stayed at the hotel and later that night our friend who was at the wedding got us a hotel at the Encore for a wedding present (which was amazing by the way)! We ended up still paying the full price for the hotel at the Artisan even though we didn't stay there the last two nights.  \n\nThe Artisan is a swingers hotel, it is dark and to some extent it is creepy there. They advertise that they are a restaurant but they don't serve food because they don't actually have a restaurant (even though their sign outside is illuminated with the word restaurant on it). They also advertise that they are super busy and have lots of people there having fun but no one is there at all. The bar was empty it was just awkward being there the entire time. \n\nAll in all, our wedding was amazing because we love having fun and we had 30 people fly into Vegas from all over the country for our wedding (and we had an amazing time in Vegas with them excluding this hotel completely). This makes for a good part to our story but totally was not worth the stress it caused us and I want to make sure that no one ever stays here on their wedding because it is not at all what is advertised. Also they say you cant bring children here and there was children there as we were checking out our last day. I don't know who would bring their children here, seriously it is very strange for parents to bring their kids to a swingers hotel. \n\nAlso this is far from the Vegas Strip and it is not in walking distance. \n\nThis is the second review I have ever made in my life and I had to post this.