The AYCE sushi places in Las Vegas are top notch.  Where else can you eat your fill of nigiri sushi for about $25 a person?  \n\nWe arrived early, at about 530-545 pm and the restaurant was already full.  With only a short wait, we took two seats at the sushi bar, which proved to be a blessing.  It was so much easier to give our orders directly to the sushi chefs and instantaneously receive our sushi.  At a table, you're at the mercy of the waitresses, who are harder to come by. \n\nDo yourself a favor, don't waste time on the rolls.  Not even one.  I don't care how interesting that fried\/eel sauced concoction sounds.  They are huge, heavy and a waste of stomach space. We had the Cynthia roll and a Soft Shell Crab roll of some kind and while you can get 1\/2 rolls (4-5 pieces) they are clunky monsters, bigger than the size of your mouth and glopped with mayo and eel sauce. \n\nInstead, focus on the sushi.  There are two-order limits on just two kinds of sushi - the amebi (sweet shrimp) and the uni (sea urchin) so make sure you order those to the max.  The uni was great - fresh and creamy and extremely flavorful.  We also really enjoyed the yellowtail and the salmon belly and liked the halibut, aji, and unagi.  With the amebi, request that the heads be fried, because they come to you in a miso soup, which is a nice contrast to all the cold foods you are eating. \n\nGoyemon isn't just about sushi though.  They have a pretty decent hot foods menu to provide some variety to the meal.  The pork belly was tiny in portion and not super tender.  The grilled vegetables are nicely grilled.  They even have udon and a ramen which is only available if you're there late at night.  \n\nMake sure to save room for dessert.   Though they have things like green tea icecream or fried icecream, they readily admit those things are store-bought.  They take greater pride in their housemade green tea brulee, which has a sweet, subtle, jiggly matcha pudding with a paper thin brulee on top.  Another delicious dessert is the lychee sorbet, which is store-bought, but really aromatic and a nice palate cleanser.  \n\nThis is no Nozawa but the quality was really quite good and for the price, unbeatable.