First of all, this has to be known - Gusto 101 has some pretty wonderful staff. I contacted the restaurant during the week prior to our visit and was basically that indecisive customer calling several times a minute, switching the number of people for my reservation. But despite my nagging requests, the staff here were so polite, friendly, and professional, accommodating each request with ease. I'm so impressed. As well, Nick was our server during our actual meal, and he was super attentive, professional, and pretty fantastic.\n\nFirst, the parking situation. We came on a pretty cold, frigid Sunday evening and parked at the lot right beside Jimmy's Coffee (which is right beside Gusto 101). It cost $10.00 to park there for a few hours on a weekend evening. I believe there's also some street parking available one block north of the restaurant. \n\nSecond, the food and atmosphere. The menu was pretty extensive, and the restaurant was trendy with some rustic appeal. The restaurant itself was quick and operated like a well-oiled machine, and the ambiance felt both unique and contemporary at the same time. We ordered: a glass of wine, the Tuscan Fries as an app ($7.00), the Kale Salad ($14.00), and the Tuna Pasta ($17.00). I really liked the aioli that came with the fries - great dipping sauce, and the fries were nice and crispy. The Kale Salad was the star - nutty, sweet, and tarte at the same time. However, I wasn't a fan of the pasta at all - tuna in tomato sauce doesn't do it or me, I guess. We also had bites of our friends' orders - while the pizzas tasted fine, the mushroom pasta was delicious.\n\nOverall, a good experience because of the staff and environment - while the food was on and off for us, everything else made up for it. It's a great spot for bigger groups and families too. Note: If you're a larger group, request a table upstairs - it's bigger, brighter, and way more spacious. \n\nFor two people, with tax, tip, group gratuity, and a 'plating fee' if you bring a birthday cake to eat after your meal ($3.00 per person), our total was around $78.00.