This place is a great shop that services the niche bicycle market. I have no doubts that the guys here are extremely talented and knowledgeable bike nuts. They have a large selection of specialty bikes you won't find at the regular stores around here. If you're a high end cyclist you will love it. That being said, if you're on a budget you would do better to find another place.\nAfter my experience with them, I compare it to going to a fancy restaurant instead of say for example Eat n Park when you just want a meal. In both, you'll get fed, but at the fancy restaurant, waiters will attend to your every need, even coming by to sweep crumbs off your table cloth with a chemistry lab scoop, whereas at a family casual restaurant you'll get refills but the wait staff is usually overworked and attending to many other tables. You get fed at both. The meal is fancier at the high end restaurant.\nThat's what it's like at Pro Bikes.  Their merchandise is super fancy. Yes they do have some affordable bikes and their accessories are reasonable, but they really do cater to those with a lot of discretionary income.\nI went in for repairs on a bike I got on Craigslist. I intend to do a lot of repairs myself but it's September and I wanted to get back riding asap and without tools and knowledge, I figured I'd pay to get it fixed right the first time. The person I worked with was super nice but informed me that my repairs would be more than I paid for the bike. He agreed to call me if the repairs got close to a specific price I set (remember, it's a used bike from Craigslist...a bike I spent roughly 10 percent of their cheapest bike on and didn't have the funds for a costly repair). After several days I stopped in to inquire about the status of my bike and talked to another guy. He looked at the ticket and said that there's not much listed, the bike should cost about half of that price point I set to fix. I was happy to hear it even though there were still several bikes ahead of mine and would still be another couple days. \nSo you can imagine my shock when I go to get my bike a couple days later and the bill is more than three times what the second clerk told me, almost twice as much as the agreed upon \"call me\" price.\nWe went over the bill and it turned out that along the way, the tech made additional repairs that I didn't request and upon fixing one part, decided that I needed a new front rim and replaced it along with a new tube, charging me for all of the additional parts and labor. I would give them one star... but the manager on duty overheard my argument with the clerk (same as the guy who originally took my bike for repairs and said he'd call me if it got close to the set price). The clerk claimed our agreed upon price was twice what it was and the manager asked to see the original work order tag, which specified nothing. In the end the manager agreed to comp me the rim, and though the final bill was still more than I anticipated, it was easier to swallow.\nThe repairs are great and I trust their workmanship.\nLike I said before, I think of Pro Bikes like a fancy high end restaurant. Their typical customer probably brings in a bike \"for repairs\" and expects to get the white glove treatment where the tech will look for and fix any problems. Meanwhile, I wanted specific repairs. That probably explains the work order ticket confusion. In their computer, it was registered that i wanted specific items fixed but the actual ticket was blank and only listed an hourly rate... Which is how I first asked about having him call me if it reached a certain price.\nAnyway, in the end, I recommend Pro Bikes if you have a lot of money, like biking, don't want to be hassled by doing your own repairs, and want meticulous service. If I could afford it, I'd probably be a repeat customer.