Where do I start. I have been here before just to get my pants hemmed and had a good experience which made me come back a second time. This time I did exactly what he talked about which was buy a big shirt and get it tailored. So come in last week and ask him to hem another suit and also fit my shirt he says it'll be no problem. I ask him if he can have it ready by tues the following week and he says he'll  have it for sure by 3pm. Fast forward to tues. At 4:30pm when I show up he looks at me with surprise and says he couldn't get it done but that it'll be ready by 3pm next day, I didn't really understand because he didn't even attempt to call me especially when he specifically asked for my phone number. But I figured he was busy and I was nice about it and said it wasn't a problem. I also told him I'm going on a business trip thurs. Morning so I needed it to be done no later than wed. He said it would not be a problem.  \n\nI come in next day at 3pm like he said and the guy has the same damn reaction as the day before and tells me he's still working on it and it won't be ready until 4:30?? I'm in sales and service is my bread and butter but this guy didn't bother to call me again to let me know that my stuff wouldn't be ready! I have been scheduling my days according to this guy and driving out of my way to go back and forth. \n\n4:30pm, this time I call him and he says it's still not ready and he needed another 20min. I wait until 5:30pm and no attempt yet again so I call him again. He says he's working on it but he needed another 20min. He then finally calls at 6pm and says it would be ready in 10min. I'm pretty frustrated replaying in my mind to see if I did something wrong to deserve this. \n\nFinally get to his shop and I try everything on and fits ok. I go to pay and he tries to charge me $30 more than he wrote on the slip. I show him my inv. Slip and he acts surprised and finds the right slip and says he was looking at the wrong slip! Wow! He  then give me the right invoice, I ask for a discount because of what had happened  snd the freaking guy gives me $10 discount with a half @ss appology! \n\nI know this town has terrible service but man this guy tops it all. I would never come here again and don't recommend it to anyone! I wish you can give neg. Reviews. The 5star reviews are probably paid for to fix it. \n\nOn a side note when I came 6 months ago he had a vest on that he said he got a few days ago that he fixed up and bragging about. This time he says exactly the same damn story and says he got it last week. Puhahahaha what a idiot. I should've known then. \n\nAll in all I'm mostly pissed off because all he had to do is be honest and make a effort give me a call and I would've had no problem trying to work with it. But no he lies and kept lying and didn't even want to apologize.