I signed up with AHM more than almost 3 months from when my move was supposed to happen.  My wife and I got 6 different bids from moving companies, and AHM was the second most expensive one, but unfortunately, the salesmen who I dealt with on the phone seemed like a trustworthy and straight-up guy... turns out most of what he said was a lie.\n\nI was assured by him that there would be no surprises come moving day.  I made it clear to him that I had never hired a moving company before, and wanted to make sure that the estimate he had given me was right, seeing that we were on a budget while moving across the country.  He assured me that all was correct, and just to be safe, someone would be at my house a week or two before move day to confirm the estimate was right (I later found out that was a total lie).\n\nCome moving day (which had been set for nearly three months), no one showed up, and no one called.  Seeing that we had to be out of our house on the 1st of July, we were a bit concerned.  They had originally given us a two day window of when they would be there (29th-30th), but the salesman PROMISED me that he would personally see to it that they were there on the 29th, being that we had to be out of our house on the 1st.   Well come the 30th, I CALLED THEM only to find out that they wouldn't be able to make it until the 1st.  What?  The 1st?  I have to be out of  my house on the 1st.  \"Don't worry\" they said, \"our driver will be there first thing in the morning.\"\n\nBy noon on the 1st, I was starting to get very perturbed.  My land-lord was breathing down my neck, and other people were wanting to move in.  Meanwhile, I'm waiting for AHM who, at this point, are 48 hours late.  Sure enough, the moving crew showed up at 12:30, and, to make a long story short, he walks around my house and tells me that it will be AT LEAST $1,500 extra, and if I'm not willing to pay, he'll just leave and not take the job.\n\nNeedless to say, I get upset, call the company, talk to \"his boss\" and manage to get the guy to start loading my stuff (he keeps telling me it's going to be extra, and I tell him... I'm willing to pay some extra but not even close to $1,500).  Oh wait... there's another problem... they open the truck that they brought to load my stuff and... IT'S ALREADY 2\/3's FULL OF OTHER PEOPLE'S STUFF!  So not only does he want to charge an extra 33% on top of my \"binding quote\" but as it turns out... they can't even fit nearly all of my stuff!!\n\nSince there's not enough room to tell all the details, here is a list of things we were forced to leave behind because AHM showed up 2 days late and with not enough room on their truck to take our stuff: Bed-set (including queen bed-frame and dresser, given to my wife and I as a wedding gift), office desk, 2 bookcases, large filing cabinet, 2nd bed-frame including queen mattress and box-spring, industrial garage shelving (2 sets, basically brand new at $200\/piece), bike, 2 ladders, commercial size printer and 2 surfboards.\n\nHere is a list of things broken during the move: 2 full sets of wedding china, antique coffee table (legs ripped off), endless coffee mugs, canisters, and antique collectibles.\n\nHere is a list of things damaged or missing: Beautiful $1,500 kitchen table has major chunks taken out of the wood on both the table and the legs (seriously), ladder is missing, 2 boxes missing (one contains cleaning supplies but... still), commercial-grade shop-vac has wheels missing.\n\nSo far AHM has not returned one phone call to me, and this \"drop-off\" happened 1 week ago today.  So far, the only person I have talked to has said that the china probably wasn't packed right and it's most-likely our fault.  Well guess what... I have pictures of how it was packed... and I also have pictures of boxes that are wrapped in caution tape, with the word \"FRAGILE\" written all over them in big bold letters that literally SMASHED TO SMITHEREENS. Please American Home Movers...keep on telling me its my fault!