This was a hard place to rate because I have mixed feelings about my experience. We made a reservation for 6:00 on a Friday night and I'm glad that I did because the restaurant and bar were already packed. The bar was the most crowded area which makes me think they must have good Happy Hour specials. I liked the decor and vibe of the dining room. It had an upscale feel, but not in a stuffy way. \n\nThe outstanding part of the evening was the service. The whole team was very attentive. Our waiter was always available, he timed our courses well so that we were never waiting long, and our water glasses were always full. \n\nThe mixed feelings part is in regards to the food. The good was the bread basket, clam chowder, and my sushi roll. The bad was the skirt steak. The meh was Moroccan spiced salmon, strawberry shortcake, and key lime pie.\n\nSo, the bread basket came out and the two options were delicious. It included a moist, buttery piece of cornbread and a salty, cheesy roll type of bread. I was excited at this point because I love a good bread basket. Next up was the clam chowder which was top notch. It was smoky, rich, and had plenty of clam. My sushi roll was the best part of the whole dinner. The fish tasted very fresh and all of the flavors worked so well together. I definitely wanted more sushi, but we had already ordered meals.\n\nI had the Moroccan spiced salmon and my husband had the skirt steak. This was a change of pace because I have the steak obsession in our house. My salmon was well prepared, but the flavors on the plate weren't great or abundant. It was definitely lacking something. I tried my husband's steak ( more like half of it) because he was trying to push it off on me to avoid wasting food. I seriously hate to have to say this about an entree at any nice restaurant, but the steak was terrible. It was tough and had zero flavor. It didn't seem like they even salted it. I was really surprised that an established restaurant would serve this. \n\nThe desserts were okay, but not great. We had the key lime pie with cilantro syrup and a strawberry shortcake. Both desserts were creative version of the traditional desserts which I can appreciate. The key lime pie was good and I thought the cilantro was a tasty twist on the usual. My husband thought the cilantro syrup was an assault on his typical key lime pie and was not impressed. The strawberry shortcake was delicious. It was more of a shortcake biscuit in a strawberry soup. I loved the flavor, but it came with a fork which made it hard to enjoy the soup part. \n\nI wouldn't come here again for dinner, but I do want to come back for sushi. The sushi and the service were good enough to bring me back for a second try.