My family and I come here often for shabu shabu. It's tucked away in the same plaza of SF market and right underneath Bazic. The layout of the restaurant is somewhat off. All the tables are scattered everywhere, but it's nice to be able to sit at a 8-top table when it's only the three of us. \n\nService can be a hit or miss. The times we've been there, it's been a miss. The place was busy and attentiveness lacked so much that we got up to get our own condiments that we asked a few times for. Sometimes, even getting a menu could take a awhile. There was also a time when they forgot about our rice and I waved my hand in the air, but the staff that looked dead at me just didn't care. I was like damn he's faking the funk game is stuuurdy, real sturdy. It can get frustrating at times. When the service is a hit.. it's a wonderful experience here. Everything comes all at once, drinks are refilled, rice is given without being asked. So it's all about chance here.\n\nWe usually get the Kobe Chuck, hungry portion that comes with a small amount of sliced white onion, mushroom, tofu, cabbage, broccoli, green onion, and udon noodles. I love their dipping sauces which are a ponzu-based sauce for your veggies\/noodles and the goma sesame-based sauce for your meat. I add the minced daikon, garlic, and green onion from the condiments selection to my ponzu sauce to intensify the flavor. I also add garlic and green onion to my goma sauce to give my meat the same effect. Delicious. If you don't get your white rice or condiments by the time your meat and veggies are done.. Ask for it! \n\nI highly suggest to avoid the soy milk broth. There isn't any flavor whatsoever and it's so translucent that it's almost all seaweed broth with a sake shot of soy milk. I was looking for more of a heavy cream based broth as in all soy milk not half or a shot of. I stick with the Spicy Miso Broth, which has the most flavor from the three of Seaweed, Spicy Miso, and Soy Milk. \n\nThe technique for shabu shabu is to you its own. I prefer to use half my tofu\/cabbage\/mushroom\/broccoli portion, all my white onion\/green onion, and save the udon noodles at the very end. While the veggies are almost done, I swish one by one my Kobe Chuck slice, then dip it in the goma sauce and get a veggie.. dip it in my ponzu, then combine both (meat\/veggie) with my white rice and there you have the magic of shabu shabu. Lastly, I save my udon noodles for the broth that had everything boiled in it. Think seasoning the broth for a soup ;)\n\nShabu shabu is soul food at its best. I always leave here with a smile on my face. It's therapeutic, yet fun at the same time. Love the music they play here. Top 90's, Reggae, and some old school like Sinatra got me movin' while I'm swishing away. Keith Sweat - I'll Give All My Love To You... Ready For The World - Love You Down just to name a few. Dining here with music that I love is a plusplusplus!\n\nWinter, Spring, Summer, Fall.. I can always go for Shabu Shabu whenever. That's how much I love it. It's one of my favorite cuisine! And Swish is our Family's favorite place for it.