I want to give this place 10 stars if I can, ask for KeKe, she's the best and here is why! \n\nMy first experience walking into Louis Vuitton was intimidating. It was the first day of the year and my husband and I decided that I should ditch Michael Kors and get my first LV, you know, going into new year with a BANG. KeKe was the first one to greet me, she was so sweet with her soft spoken voice and patiently let me choose which style I want. I'm clueless about LV. I walked out with the SPEEDY BANDOULIÈRE 35 and the Emilie Damier Ebene, my very first LV and I was excited but ended up didn't like the strap on the speedy. \n\nI went back 1 week later and met Christine, she was awesome and very helpful, I trade in for the regular SPEEDY 35 and MONTAIGNE GM. I loveeee that Montaigne sooo much! \n\nI'm sure everyone want to strangle me, I spot a vintage Chanel maxi and couldn't live without it, so I went back to Louis Vuitton store and returned the Montaigne GM. I know, I know!! I feel like part of me is dying but I have to let that baby go. \n\nThere's more... I also realized that the Regular speedy 35 was NOT for me, it was so heavy to carry without the strap and I just hate that bag with all my being. I never once leave the house with it since I love carrying my Chanel more. My husband is the one that's in love with the speedy but it's just not me! 1 weeks later, I came back to trade it in for the Montaigne GM. \n\nQuite honest I was VERY embarrassed and felt like an idiot for kept coming back, but what's worst is have a bag that I will never use. KeKe and the manager always greeted me with a smile. Ofcourse I kept apologizing for wasting their time and make sure that they know that I appreciate them so much for doing this. I promise them that it's going to be my last time and I was within policy of exchange, just to make that clear. I was over joy that I FINALLY got what I been looking for, I felt like a million buck walking out the store and grateful for their understanding and outstanding customer service. I know I make them go through hell and back for all my indecisiveness, that's something I need to work on myself. \n\nTomorrow is Valentine's Day, my friend and I decided both to come in to browse around and we both got each a wallet for our sweet husbands. I make sure KeKe was there to helps us again because I love and appreciate her so much! \n\nI know that there's a lot of bad reviews about this LV store but like any relationship, it has to start somewhere and let the seller knows how you are, do give them a chance but also don't act like a snob. These sellers are working very hard and I'm sure many people expect the world going into Louis Vuitton.