Having recently moved cross country into a vastly different element all while attempting to get adjusted to a not so regular work schedule, my skin was beginning to show it. Being a medical provider myself, I keep my routine simple and structured but know when to rely on a specialist for some much needed skin R&R. \n\nThis review is solely for Deb Vu, the PA and primary provider at this office and her ancillary staff. I've never met Dr. Gunther, nor do I plan to after having met Deb, who I consider to be an effective provider and is trained, licensed and credentialed to practice out of this office. \n\nIn my derm provider, I look for the following attributes: inquisitive, compassionate, no frills practice style and a preventive focus. Deb was all encompassing of these attributes and more. She took an ample amount of time to get to know me, my concerns and understand my life style. She was understanding of the fact that my schedule doesn't allow me to have a traditional day and night routine and that we would need to work around this for success. She suggested a chemical peel would be the way to go and I was happy to learn it was to be in office without the lavish facial component that would up my cost. Finally for long term goals, she took the time to navigate my retin-a regimen for optimal anti-aging results. \n\nI found scheduling to be very easy and I was able to get in the day after I called which was also a plus. The staff consisting of Monica, Christina and Kayla was also very kind and accommodating. I was receiving a chemical peel for the first time and so Monica took the time to explain what I can expect, do's and don'ts after the service and when to return for my next one. \n\nThe office is spacious and welcoming, located on the second floor of the office building structure. Parking is ample and the establishment is very close to the Dignity Health Hospital campus. \n\nIf your in need of a new derm provider, Deb is the way to go. She takes the time to understand your needs and presents you with options that suit you best. I know I will be returning!