I am so disgusted! I have been going to this facility since I stopped going to a pediatric doctor. This last visit I had was for an ear infection, I was advised I had an appointment (not an emergency appointment or anything, just a normal appointment). I finally get seen and I had a quick question about my migraines thinking it was no big deal. The doctor refused to discuss it and said I would need another appointment (aka for me to spend more money for a simple question). For the ear infection she refused to remove any ear wax and prescribed me medication. After 3 days my pain was so intense that I finally went to a Minute Clinic (yes one of the ones in CVS). This doctor in CVS was amazing. She listened to any and all of my concerns, including the migraines as well. She addressed that along with my ears and was shocked the ear wax was not removed. She advised me that because it wasn't removed none of the medicine was even getting into where it needed to go. I was in and out of there in maybe 10 minutes or so and I felt I was listened to and cared for. So after discussing the migraines, the minute clinic employee advised it could have something to do with my PCOS. So I decided to get back onto birth control to see what I can do to rectify it. I called in a refill at Gilbert Center for family medicine and then after 24 hours called Walgreens who said the prescription was ready. Not even a few hours later I get a call from Gilbert Center saying that they denied my refill and I needed to be seen after June 27th. Mad that I had already spent $30 in 2 doctors visits, not including the medications, I thought I would just wait. Finally, I decided though that it would be better just to do it now so I called to set up an appointment. They said my insurance could decline it if it was less than a year (aka by a few days), so I asked if I could schedule it for after the 27th which they said they couldn't do and to call after that time. I'm done with this. All this place wants is your money. If I have any problems I will go to the Minute Clinic's and I scheduled myself with an actual OBGYN who was able to get me in right away with no problems.