I gave up long ago the notion that I was hip, cool or otherwise part of the \"in crowd\" and when I turned 40 I finally started to feel comfortable in my adult skin. So what does this mean for a review of ABC the Tavern? For me, this place is an adult bar, designed by adults for adults and for grown-up enjoyment. This review marks my first visit and, based on my inaugural experience, will lead to many more.\n\nI don't recall the exact date or time of our visit, but it was probably on a Thursday sometime around 6pm. Only a few folks were there, mostly at the bar, with the perfectly volume-appropriate background music filling the rest of the space.\n\nABC is dark, dank and dive-y in just the proper proportions. Our seats at the bar seemed made for us and the bartender, friendly but not artificially so, quickly took our drink orders and brought us menus. That's right, they serve food, too.\n\nSpeaking of food, it's good, cheap bar food. No pretention, no frills. We're talking food that goes great with beer - fries, burger, hot dog, nachos - but we're also talking some food items you might not expect from a place of ABC's ilk - tofu sandwich, red pepper hummus, lamb quesadilla.\n\nThe hush puppies, hell yes. A basket of fried-to-golden cornbread balls and a side of Sriracha mayo for dipping. I could eat these all day. And the burger was simple and delicious. It reminded me of a 4th of July picnic. The toppings were fresh and crispy and the meat cooked a perfect medium. Their fries are those thick-cut, skin on variety that go perfectly with a side of malt vinager mayo for dipping.\n\nThe beer list here is pretty damn impressive as well. As a certified beer geek (no, really, cicerone.org says so) I love to see a solid craft beer offering from little joints like ABC. They may not have a huge draught selection - 8, if memory serves - but what they do have is solid. Troegs, Oskar Blues, Breckenridge, Southern Tier, Left Hand and a couple locals (Fat Head's and GLBC) complemented by a large bottled\/canned selection. I had no trouble finding something both interesting and delicious.\n\nI'm not sure if the way I experienced ABC was typical or if it was the result of some perfect confluence of space-time rift phenomena, but I really liked it. It wasn't too loud, I could actually have a conversation with my wife without leaving inflamed vocal chords, the bartender was friendly and knowledgable, the food was tasty and very reasonably priced and the beer list was right up my alley...hell, for me it was the full package.