They may have been having an off day, but we had a disgusting experience at Fran's.  \n\nDespite there being plenty of tables open in the dining room at 11:40 for lunch, we were sat at a table set up in a dark, noisy, back storage area in front of the kitchen. The table was not cleaned as there was dried food bits and such on the table.\n\nIt took over 40 minutes after we placed our order to get our food.  \n\nWe ordered the rosemary black pepper glazed tater tot appetizer and got tater tots wrapped in the most bland bacon covered in pure honey.  There was no rosemary, no pepper, not even a smokey flavor to the bacon.  The honey made it taste even worse. The flavors didn't go well together, at all.  We thought they may have messed up the order, but the description of the other tater tots on the menu was nothing like this either.  Don't know what we were served, but it was not on the menu or enjoyable.  I've never had tasteless bacon like that before, either, by the way. \n\nMy #12 pastrami reuben was pretty bad.  The pastrami itself was awful with so much tough gristle that when I took a bite, part of the meat sprung back into the sandwich.  Parts were not able to be chewed because of the tough gristle.  Not a pleasant experience, at all.\n\nMy friend's #1 hot turkey bacon Swiss sandwich was not hot and the cheese was not even close to starting to be melted, as the menu description states.  The turkey was cold, not room temp or warm.  Not an enjoyable sandwich.  We doubt it was even heated.\n\nThe fries over both of our sandwiches were only partially cooked- like sponges that were limp, shiny, and oozing oil.  They were dumped sloppily over and covering the sandwiches.  You had to dig through the fries to be able to pick up the sandwiches.  \n\nNeither of our meals or appetizer should have been served, both from a quality and presentation perspective. \n\nThroughout the bad meal, we had a front row seat to a cook who was having a breakdown, cussing, and hollering at the restaurant staff, belittling them and playing ridiculous games with them that only delayed things being prepared and getting to customers. It was like watching an abusive, alcoholic parent movie on the Lifetime network. Very weird and disturbing. I hope that guy is able to get help.  It's scary that there are people out there like this.\n\nOur experience at Fran's Filling Station was like being in the twilight zone with really bad food that should have never been served.