If you are NOT interested in being open-minded to an array of fusion tapas featuring Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian inspired palettes...then this is place not for you. If however you are interested in being more cultured in regards to your typical sushi restaurant, then you may continue reading.\n\nSushi Samba is a great restaurant to taste a blend of very unique flavors...the menu is not your typical one but rest assured, your server is happy to answer any of your questions. The server started off by asking us if we've been there before...I have so I said yes. If I would have said now, he would have prefaced our meal with a story of the restaurants background i.e. stylings of food, etc. I know this because I overheard another server doing it. \n\nWith any tapas joint it is always easy to over order...and me, my bro, and his fiance did just that. Here is what we got.\n\n-Shishito (grilled peppers): the sea salt adds a great flavor, the peppers themselves are literally grilled\n- Filet Mignon robata: a small portion of robata grilled filet mignon cooked exactly how I wanted\n- Sea Bass and Miso swewers: recommended by our server, these skewers were OFF THE HOOK!!!! Melted like butter in my mouth...the miso flavor was out of this world.\n-Miso soup: the only difference between this soup and the others...they add cilantro\n-Coconut Rice: the side order of rice could actually feed 2 people. We ordered 2 not knowing this. The coconut flavor is not at all overpowering...I've gotta learn how to make this rice!\n-Green envy roll: YUM!!! salmon and tuna rolled with some crunchies to make this fine number\n-Spicy Tuna Roll: not as spicy as I thought it would be but still yummy\n-Rio Grande (5 meats): this meal on its own came with black beans, collard greens, rice, 5 different meats, and 3 sauce pairings. WOW! You need to order this...there was 3 of us and we couldnt finish but the options were great. The sauces were extremely complementary.\n\nSure our meal came out to $172.69 pre gratuity for 3 people but for the service, quality and presentation of the food, and the ambiance...the price seems quite fitting.