Was treated by my sister and bro-in-law to an outing here recently.  I was really looking forward to it, which if you read enough of my reviews I have huge issues fulfilling the prophecy.\n\nThe setting is beautiful.  Really.  6 or 7 stars worthy.\n\nService -- waiter was awesome, personable but not annoying.  Check-in, bartender, all excellent.  I don't think my water glass dipped below an inch all night.  The only slightly off thing was the bus boy (bus man?) trying to collect about 10 plates at the end of our meal, on a single trip, one plate stacked on top of the other.  I decided that he is secretly part of the circus and famous for carrying 20 plates at once. Great for the circus, slightly odd for a restaurant at this price point.\n\nOur dinner party sat down for dinner about 8:15 pm.  Five people, apps, entree and a couple shared deserts, pacing was pefect but at 10:15 pm it was us and another table.  Is this odd?  Is this really an early bird special- type place? I don't know.  Why am I mentioning this?  Not sure.\n\nI had the crab cake appetizer, very good, but served with a dollop of guacamole on top.  The guac was delicious but I just thought it was an odd combination.  I feel like an asshole.  \n\nFor the entree I had the veal wrapped in proscuitto, cooked medium rare as recommended by the chef.  The outside sear on the meat was perfect.  Really.  I felt like I finally understand what celebrity chefs are talking about on the food network when they mention a \"perfect sear\".  However, the rest of the meat, eh.  Felt like I was chewing rubber bands.  I feared that I might knock my plate off the table trying to cut it.  I don't eat veal often (read: maybe once before if that).  Considering there are starving children in Africa -- hell, right down the street, I feel like an asshole for complaining about a $35 undercooked?  overcooked?  incorrectly cooked? cut of veal.  \n\nI could see myself returning for brunch on a special occasion but I'm not sure I would agree with some of the other raves here on Yelp.