Stock & Stable is an American Gastropub. They offer New American Cuisine that slants Italian on some of the offerings. The dining room is elegant and masculine with lots of dark wood and leather. There are many portraits of cows. It looks sort of steakhouse like to me. They also offer a large bar, traditional tables, benches, high tops and patio dining. \n\nWe started out by sharing the Fermented Beets. The red and golden beets were very tasty and were tossed in an almond butter dressing along with crunchy fried goat cheese curds and lots of very crisp carrot ribbons. It was delicious all together. The carrots were raw but hard and crispy like maybe they were soaked in ice water and were just texture for the salad.\n\nI had the Tuna Sandwich. It's enormous! (prepare to share or to take half home) It's very elevated tuna that's incredibly DELICIOUS and Spicy!!!!!!!!!!! THIS SANDWICH IS NOT your mom's tuna. THIS SANDWICH IS NOT FOR THE FAINT of heart.  They serve the tuna on what taste like thick sliced grilled Noble Bread. They add muenster cheese and Calabrian Aioli. It messy and full of lots of flavors! There are a lot of flavors going on. Really delicious and one of the best sandwiches I tasted all year! I picked the mixed green salad over the frites. They offer this Calabrian Vinaigrette that also is absolutely delicious and spicy. This plate is not for the masses. Really delicious and spicy!\n\nThe No Baloney (Mortadella) Sandwich is just ok and not as elevated as the tuna sandwich. The sandwich we got was like sliced lunch meat that was lightly grilled on both sides of the meat pile. It might have been more enjoyable if it was like a steak of mortadella that was caramelized on both sides. The sandwich is suppose to be spread with an unusual combination of maple mustard and chipotle herbed aioli. My husband asked for the sauces on the side. We both liked the taste of the chipotle herbed aioli but they seemed very strange together and we weren't sure about either flavor mixing with the mortadella. The sandwich came with tasty Frites that were nicely seasoned with fresh herbs and grated cheese. \n\nTried the Key Lime Pie for dessert. It had a nice tender delicate graham crust. The filling was creamy and a little limey. It was topped with a generous serving of fresh made real whipped cream. \n\nOur server was friendly and efficient. He tried to get us to order the hamburger because they ground the beef in house and is a specialty here. I guess that explains the cow portraits.\n\nLike from any other restaurant some things we liked better than other things.\n\n3.5 stars rounded up because three out of four were winners!