I really don't know how this place got so many stars for a rating. It's lucky it got 2 stars from me....\nI had called to make a reservation for 10 people on a Saturday night at 8pm. No problem there. However, the section we were in were all small round tables, and it was so dark, that it was impossible to see the menus. Good thing we have flashlights on our cell phones.\nThe service was sub-par, if you want to call it that. It took a while for us to even be greeted by anyone, let alone make a drink order. \nThe menu looked decently good. As a Barbecue place, and with pretty good reviews on Yelp, I had high hopes. Boy was I disappointed.\nMy husband and I ordered deep fried pickles. They were actually really good, but definitely not house made. No worries, they were really good. My sister in law ordered some nachos for sharing, and it came with a side of chicken, and a side of baked beans. They were also really good! \nJust before we were ready to order (which was an hour after we had arrived) the computer system went down. Oooookay. \nAs for the food: 3 of us had ordered ribs. One person didn't eat them because they were so dry, one person sent them back because they were so burnt, and they completely messed up my order. How can you mess up a half rack of ribs, slaw, and baked beans is beyond me, but it was at LEAST 10 minutes before my food came. The ribs were hot, but they were super dry. The beans and the slaw were the best part. \nMy husband had a double burger. He said it was tasty, but again, it was really dry. \nThe corn bread was a complete write off. I picked it up and was shocked at how heavy and hard it was. The taste of it was sweet and had some jalapeno. However, you had to chew it, and chase it with a drink because it was so dense and so dry, that it sucked up all the saliva in your mouth. \nMy sister in law had the chicken, and she said \"well, it was good, once I removed the burnt part\". I guess she didn't see it, because it was so dark.\nMy other two sisters in law had the pulled pork sandwich. Guess what it was. Dryyyyyy. I don't even think it had sauce! \nBrother in law had the catfish po'boy. Not sure if he even ate the whole thing. \nNot sure what the rest of my party ordered, as I didn't hear much in regards to the main dishes.\nThe general consensus was that the sides were the best. Knowing this, we would have just gotten the Side Car, which was 4 sides. The slaw, the beans, the garlic fries (oh wow, those were good) and the bacon wrapped corn on the cob. \nMaybe it was just a bad night but I don't think I would come back, or recommend this place... \nEveryone else agreed we should have went somewhere else too... Sad but I guess now we know.\nAt least the football game was on, and the Eskimo's won....