The food was great...everything else was not.  I have a mild addiction to the chicken & gnocchi soup and the braised beef & tortellini...  Always delicious...now on to the trainwreck part of the dining experience.\n\nOur server, Esther, was very friendly and tried to do her job well.  The bartender took forever to prepare our drinks.  I could see her standing at the bar for quite some time and she gave up and did something else and again came back to wait for the drinks.  We ended up not getting them until after we'd had two bowls of soup and our entrée came. We sat in the bar area where there were 3 tables in a corner section.  She kept leaving the tray stand with big trays in the middle of the three tables even when the tray was full of dirty dishes. It wasn't appealing.\n\nI think the doozy of the night was when I went to use the restroom.  There were 3 stalls.  The middle had no toilet paper and a mother and child just walked into the other stall.  The third stall was handicapped and it was occupied as well with someone who wasn't using the bathroom I assume (I heard no pee or poo...) but was instead yapping on the cell phone.  So, I waited for the mother and child to finish.  They do so, I go in and use the restroom and go to wash my hands.  Before leaving I said loud enough to this woman, \"It's rude to talk on the cell phone while in the bathroom as it interferes with the privacy of others. Please be respectful.\" and I walked out.  We were seated at a table in view of the restroom door so I waited to see who came out.  Much to my surprise, it was a hostess.  I was pretty annoyed by this so I asked our server to call over the manager and explained to the server what happened and she seemed greatly concerned.  When the manager came over I explained what transpired and he said that the hostess was off the clock.  I asked how he knew who I was referring to as I had not yet pointed her out.  He said he went and asked the hostesses prior to coming and talking to me.  He didn't validate my concern at all.  I still feel that it doesn't matter if she was off the clock.  She should go out to her car and certainly not take up a restroom stall.  She was still dressed as an Olive Garden employee so she was still representing the restaurant.  \n\nManagers -- please take note:  When a customer complains all you need to do is listen, validate, apologize, and ask how they can make a situation right.  It's THAT simple.