I remember back in the \"Neon 90s\" when shopping for electronics was a completely different experience than today. Retailers like Best Buy, Circuit City, and Ultimate Electronics weren't staffed with minimum wage teenagers, but actual salesman. Some honest, some sleazy, and some downright pushy. They got paid on commission, similar to car salesman. Although annoying, these people were actually more knowledgeable than the teens who work the store today. Few know any real information about what they're selling, other than generic garbage they've been taught in staff training.\n\nI recall just a few years ago, I'd always end up haggling with managers about trying to get them to price match Amazon. Many of them refused, claiming they could lose their job, while others didn't have an issue doing so. I would often shake my head in astonishment, wondering just when this company would \"get with the program\" and learn that if they don't adapt their sales methods, they will quickly suffer the fate of their competitors.\n\nIn present day, Best Buy has made some improvements towards being more competitive with online retailers, but I still feel that it's only a matter of time before they go under. There are many reasons as to why, but I'll point out the most notable ones.\n\nOnce, I attempted to make a return for a television that I had purchased at another Best Buy store. Since this one was more conveniently located for the plans my girlfriend and I made that evening, we decided to stop by there instead. After being hassled by some sassy teenage girl, she asked me: \"Why don't you just return it to the store you bought it from?\" And with comments like this, should anyone be surprised why they have such a horrible reputation?\n\nNow, for the big one:\n\nWhenever you buy something, the Best Buy employees will tell you: \"Just try it out. If you don't like it, you have 15 days to return it. No hassle.\" Is this accurate? Well, that depends. If you've never returned anything before, then sure. But if you return one too many items, you'll receive a 90-day ban on returns. Basically, this means that you can still purchase items, but you can't return them. Buy an iPad and the screen is shattered upon unboxing? Too bad! Purchase a two thousand dollar TV and find that it has a dead pixel or a cloudy screen? Tough luck!  \n\nWhen I was shopping for TVs a few years ago, I ran into a string of bad luck and purchased several TVs that all seemed to have one issue or another. A Samsung plasma buzzed like an angry hornets' nest to the point where it was unwatchable. A Panasonic plasma suffered from a cluster of dead pixels. All of these returns were actually unboxed and inspected in order to confirm that they were defective and that I wasn't simply just making up tales for the sake of getting my money back. It doesn't matter. All of these returns are slaps on the wrist, being logged into a third-party database. Every time you give them your ID, you assume it's done to simply verify your identity. In actuality, it's used to log your information, so an outside source can keep tabs on your return activity. If all retailers used this method, my girlfriend would be forced to wear an anklet to ensure that she doesn't go within 200 miles of a Kohl's store.\n\nBest Buy uses a company called The Retail Equation (TRE). If you'd like to know how consumers feel about them, just read their Yelp page. I understand the intention. To prevent consumer fraud, such as thieves who might steal items and then attempt to return them for store credit (isn't that why we have receipts?). But what actually happens is, honest consumers often end up being punished for doing absolutely nothing wrong beyond returning a legitimately defective item. And since Best Buy doesn't make this \"ban\" determination, there's absolutely nothing they can do but stare at you blankly and apologize.\n\nI got hit with the \"ban hammer\" a couple of years ago. And every time the 90-day ban is lifted, I'm allowed one return and one return only. If anymore take place, I am then re-banned again for an additional 90 days. It will presumably remain this way for the remainder of my life. Eventually, I reached a point where I said that I'm done with them. They obviously see people who return items as dishonest crooks, so why would I continue to give them my business? \n\nOh, I'll still set foot in Best Buy on occasion. They'll come in handy when I want to \"window shop\" and look at items, before purchasing them on my phone via Amazon. Other than that, they're not really good for much else. And just like when Ultimate Electronics went under a few years ago, when it happens to Best Buy, I'll say the same thing I've always said:\n\nYou - just - don't - get - it.\n\nSorry, Best Buy. There are other places that legitimately stand behind their products, without punishing consumer who have to make the occasional return. I'll be taking my business elsewhere.\n\nNot recommended.