I had no problems with AAWL. We adopted a wonderful dog in 2009, and since then we've always dropped in every now and then to see if we could find him a friend. Summer of 2011 we officially went on the hunt for another dog, and decided to go to AAWL. We found a few dogs we felt would be a good match and was told to bring our dog back in for a meet.\nNow here is where my problem begins. We come in with our dog, and 2 people I've never seen or talked to that worked there helped us. Go figure. I have no idea who these 2 were but anyway... They tell us to go in the little area, and we wait wait wait in the heat with our dog. Really thats not the problem but finally we get the 2 people and they tell us that they will be in control of the dogs. They took our dog, put him on a leash, and never once asked us any questions about him.... got the other dog, brought her in.  They let my dog basically control the entire situation...the guy just followed my dog wherever he went, I'm shocked he even put a leash on him if he was going to just let it be a free for all let the dog do whatever he wants! But he did, and I've never EVER introduced my dog to any dog like that before because I know he can come off very strong at first. I tried explaining to them I thought it was a bad idea to just let him control the situation, they didn't seem to care and by that time the  dogs were both showing their teeth and barking. This all happened in the course of 2 mins...maybe...and the guy was like, ok well they don't get along. Sorry. And i'm thinking are fu**ing kidding me??? I've NEVER in my life heard of introducing dogs like that. We tried another dog, and they did the same thing..just let the dogs do what they want. It went better but eventually my dog was knocking over the chairs and kinda freaking out. It was just bad. I thought it was very unprofessional for people that work with animals all day long. I went online when I got home to make sure I wasn't crazy, and searched ways to introduce dogs. Needless to say they did it pretty much the worst way possible. Very disappointed.  On top of this, the 2 workers told us they would go back and check the files to see if they could find a good match for Bruce. About 1-2mins passed and I decided to go to the kennel area, so I left my dog with my husband and turned the corner to find the 2 just chatting. So much for finding a match for my dog..or caring that these animals get adopted. \nI'm not saying all the workers there are terrible. Many of them are helpful, especially one guy who is there almost all the time. I can't remember his name. However I had to share that story, I don't usually do the whole negative story thing but I was very disappointed.