Gimme an M. Gimme an E. Gimme an A. Gimme a T. What does that spell? MEAT! Mission BBQ is definitely not short in that department. But, that isn't all this place has lots of...read on to find out more!\n\nI eat a low carb\/clean diet and stay away from places that have lots of \"mystery ingredients\" inside of their food. Want to take the guesswork out of what is in your BBQ? Come on over to Mission. Simple, FRESH ingredients are used in their IN HOUSE made food. Nothing is frozen and everything is made daily. Or, at least that is what the amazing manager told me as I picked up my food.\n\nI was greeted by the most helpful, beautiful and sweet cashier. She took a ton of time with my family and to explain the menu. She didn't get mad I asked tons of questions and she asked if I wanted to taste things to make sure they were to my liking. Hell, my youngest dropped the lid to her cup on the floor....and she insisted on giving her a new one. Now THAT is customer service. \n\nI LOVE the fact this company supports our veterans and first responders. Thank you all for your unwavering service to this great nation! I was even told by the manager they would be honored to display any memorabilia​ anyone in my family who served may have. That makes me so proud to support this business!\n\nThe establishment was super clean. From the open kitchen to the counters to the drink area and the tables. The floors were spotless, the tables weren't greasy or sticky (the BBQ bottles either) and everything was fully stocked. The bathrooms were also clean as well. \n\nOnto the AMAZING FOOD! Sweet baby Jesus....of all things righteous and holy on this earth....the brisket was OUT OF THIS WORLD! If you can make my picky 10-year-old​ moan with happiness, you know you have done something right. It was tender, moist, juicy, flavorful and just plain amazing. That brisket didn't need ANYTHING. The pulled pork and pulled chicken were equally as fantastic. The smokey flavor was there, but not overpowering, the meat wasn't charred at all and it wasn't a pile of fatty meat. The green beans were spicy and delish! I love the onions and bacon inside. The collard green were slap yo momma tasty. A good kick to them and I loved the chunks of tomatoes! \n\nOverall, I would give this place more than 5 stars if I could. The customer service was out of this world. From the cashier to the management and even the bus boys....a total joy! I will be bringing my USO cup back with me for $1 off my next combo!