I don't know how this place has any stars under 4!!! It is MEGA cute! There are seriously so so so many enticing and unique flavor combos - all available in either cold brew or NITRO brew. If you appreciate a heavy dose of caffeine, as this girl does - this is your place.\n\nI tried the lavender vanilla nitro brew and it's honestly perfect. I pretty much have a perpetual lavender craving and this satisfies it perfectly!!! I'm already torn as to what I want to get next time I'm here because this lavender vanilla is SO yum but everything else sounds delicious too!! It's also perfectly sweetened and not at all overwhelming. With just a touch of 2% milk, I could drink this ALL DAY.\n\nAmbiance - cute! The walls are filled with eclectic (ok on the girly side) paintings and frames, with random glitter and neon signs in the right places. There are the cutest chandeliers in all corners. And the merchandise!! The merch! SO cute! I want to buy everything here! It honestly looks like a fun little boutique. Even the couches here arent' matching, but they fit the eclectic boutique vibe perfectly! There are terrariums and flowers on each little table, accompanied by a fun and unique lamp or statue or a stack of books. WELL DONE whoever decorated this place! It's got me feeling ecstatic!!!\n\nMy only slight issue is if you're a student that needs lots of space, you're a little tight here. There are plenty of outlets, but they're mostly located by the bar. Still, with such good coffee and such a cute ambiance, I'll take the hit and cramp myself into the bar space with my ipad and laptop! Ugh definitely going to be a regular here!!! (If you're thinking the same, sign up for the rewards program!)\n\nTo top all the great things off, the baristas are just some of the nicest people I've encountered in a coffeeshop. They make for wonderful conversation if you ever want to make a new friend! AND Wednesdays are Onesie Wednesday!!! Come in a onesie, and you get 10% off your order :) You'll probs find me here in a onesie every Wednesday from now on!