The food was good, but the service was so horrible, I won't give this place a second chance.\nWe came in for Sunday brunch and were sat at a hightop right next to the bar.  The air conditioning was on high, freezing, and the vent was right above the table.  I mentioned the gale force freezing a\/c to the hostess that sat us and she told me it was the wind.  \nSo we sat freezing for about 5 minutes wondering if we had a server or if the bartenders were our servers, if we should go to the bar to order when our server finally arrived.  We ordered two cocktails and two waters.  We received the cocktails but no waters.  \nWhile we waited for our breakfast, another server dropped off a couple sodas on our table and ran off.  They weren't ours.  The bartender walked by, and we asked to order another cocktail and waters from her, and we let her know the drinks weren't ours and she took them and brought us our drinks and finally water .  (On our way out, we saw those drinks at the table next to ours, so they were close).\nWe waited about a half an hour for our food to arrive.  My friend got the Hangover and I got the day's special French toast.  When our server dropped off the food, he said he'd return with syrup for the French toast.  My friend wanted more gravy for her dish and planned to ask the server for it when he brought the syrup.  Well 25 minutes passed and I never got the syrup, he never returned to the table, and my friend got annoyed.  The French toast had pineapples on it, so it was sweet enough without the maple syrup, so I didn't miss it.  The French toast was really good.  My friend's Hangover dish really needed that extra gravy she wanted.  \nWe told the bartender we wanted the check.  He dropped it off and tried to run off.  I yelled at him to come back because I already had my card out.  When he brought back the check for me to sign, he thanked me us for our patience.  He didn't address why he came to our table 4 times total (to take our drink order, take our food order, drop off our food, and drop off our check).  I didn't want to leave him any tip at all.\nThe food was good, but needed something extra that unfortunately we weren't able to get because we had no server and we have no access to the kitchen.\nI had a lot of hopes for the restaurant named after my favorite breakfast meat.  I hate being disappointed.