Yay for our server Nicholas! Three cheers! Yay! Yay! Yay!\n\nI was really stuck on this place because of the southern feel. When we checked in, the front couldn't find our reservation. It was probably because we were a few minutes late but even so, I was surprised at the fact of not finding our reservation but eventually they did. \n\nWhen we sat down, we were given menus right away and while we had a small group of four, we were HUN-GRAY!\n\nWe ordered the classic biscuits, and deviled eggs to start. My husband had the special whiskey manhattan. I had a bloody Mary. Our friends had a spicy blood Mary and some blueberry drink. Biscuits were delicious, came in an order of four. There was an apple jam\/butter that was spot on. I'm actually salivating right now. The eggs were so good. The presentation was spot on. I want to say that they put a little pickle juice that gives it a nice little tartness. Again, mouth is salivating. \n\nDrinks were worthy. I enjoyed my blood Mary. It was a meal in itself. No one complained about their drinks. \n\nFor our brunch, we ordered so much food. My husband had the chicken and waffles. I had the shrimp and grits. Our friends had the crunchy chicken sandwich and chicken wings. The chicken and waffles is enough for two but delicious. The watermelon cuts the grease feeling and is really refreshing. My shrimp and grits was really well made. The grits was perfection. The shrimp was delicious and I believe a good 6-8 came with it. The wings were spot on with the honey hot sauce. It was an incredible recommendation by Nicholas. \n\nWe also had fries and some mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was really good but I think it could have been skipped because we had so much other good food in front of us. \n\nOverall, I really enjoyed the food. I'd come back. I really appreciate our server Nicholas. There were a few hiccups along the way but he was so awesome and made the experience that much better. I have to say, really, this was probably the best service we had in Vegas. \n\nThanks Nicholas!