*** Review for Restaurant Week August 2014 Menu ***\n\nThe Foundation Room has been a place I've wanted to try for awhile and when I saw it on the Restaurant Week listing, I made my reservation for 6 PM.  While the elevator indicates it's on the 63rd floor, it's actually on the 53rd because this hotel does not use floors numbered in the 40s because of the superstitions of some Asian gamblers.\n\nGreeted at the podium, I was told to go to the bar area and they'd come and get me when ready.  I took the time to explore the bar area and its eclectic mix of art.  It's really fascinating, funny, and very comfortable.  I also went out on the terrace to enjoy that marvelous view of the Las Vegas Strip looking north.  Soon the hostess came and got me and led me to my table on the west side of the room.  She gave me the option of sitting nearer the terrace windows but I was fine where she first took me.  Since the sun was still up, the shades were drawn but I still could see the peaks at Red Rock Canyon and Mount Potosi.  Later, the shades were raised for a great evening view.  On to the food.\n\nBread service was a nice basket and it was accompanied by a tray holding three dishes, one with olive oil and balsamic vinegar, one with garlic hummus, and one with sweet butter.  The hummus was great.  I'd rather have salted butter and there was no salt on the table.  I'll bring a fast food packet(s) with me in the future.\n\nIt's really a four course RW meal.  Everyone gets a Foundation Room salad with red wine vinaigrette dressing, teardrop tomatoes, and pine nut brittle.  The pine nut brittle sweetness was a nice counter to the tart vinaigrette.\n\nNext, I chose the chicken tikka skewers served with pineapple ghost chili jam.  The chicken was marinated in yogurt and curry.  The chicken was marvelous with a great spice flavor and the jam was extra spicy which gave this appetizer a real zing to the beginning of the meal.\n\nFor the main course, I got shrimp and grits.  The shrimp was served with a chipotle sauce, again spicy and wonderful, and there were jalapeño rings with the dish.  The grits were very good.  This was another winner!\n\nFor dessert, I chose the molten chocolate cake.  It took awhile to make but that was OK.  More time to enjoy the view.  When the cake came, it was accompanied by some vanilla bean ice cream with fresh raspberries and two chocolate truffles.  There was little molten to the cake but it was good.  The ice cream was very good and the chocolate truffles were, too!\n\nService throughout the evening was good.  I was surprised that both a busser and the server left my empty Sweet 'n Low packet on the table but other than that, service was attentive.  \n\nThis was an excellent Restaurant Week pick!