Let me start out by saying, I really wanted to give this place 5 stars.... And 9 times out of 10, I would, however... \n\nAs we are pulling up, there are 2 servers out back smoking, while another  server is rolling silverware. :( So, not only can dust and debris get on the clear silverware, they are being rolled right next to someone smoking.  \nOur waiter, no clue what his name was b\/c he wasn't wearing a name tag,  was awesome.. super nice, knew the menu, recommended a variety of items.. If I only knew his name. \n\nWe ordered an appetizer, Pork Belly Poutine.   I was REALLY excited for this as I'm from the south, and no one here makes\/serves cracklin's the correct way.. They came out and looked delicious.  I immediately went for a cracklin and was disappointed. :(  They were cold, like from the fridge cold.  I asked the server if they were supposed to be cold, and he wasn't sure.  Besides them being cold and \"chewy\" the dish wasn't bad.. \n\nI ordered the bacon cheeseburger, medium with no bun.. What I got was a burnt burger on a limp piece of lettuce?  Burnt.. Like crispy on the outside, No Pink in the middle and burnt on the outside.. The cheese on top wasn't even melted.  Then I asked for a side of ranch to \"Help\" the burger.. and was charge $0.60 for a TINY half filled thing of ranch. REALLY?  I didn't even eat half of it.. Not one time did the waiter ask me if the burger was okay. He asked if I wanted a to go box? For what.. to play hockey? \n\nWe also ordered the fried Chicken.. Now this dish.... This is what saved the entire visit.. Probably one of the BEST fried chicken we've ever had.  And it comes with a smoked agave side.  Amazing.. The chicken is super juicy and the breading (which is a little much on some pieces) was perfect.  Comes with potatoes and a side of veggies.. I would absolutely return to The Union just for this dish alone.  \n\nWe did have another server come and offer us samples of beer, which was nice.. and we found a couple other beers we would try thanks to him.  I think this place is going to be amazing if they could get those few minor items under control. First drop the $0.60 for ranch, unless it's a ton they are requesting... And put a halt to the rolling silverware outside next to a road where cars are driving by, with other servers smoking. \n\nWe plan on going back in a week or so to give it another shot!