Service [5\/5]: The service was great. Everybody who worked there was extremely friendly from the owner's Father who tells everyone where to park, to the owner himself, down to the guys cutting the meat and serving you. Not only did the owner come out to check in on everybody in line keeping us all updated as to what they still had available, but he would continue to check in on you while you ate trying to be as helpful as possible. In terms of customer service, I could not have asked for a better experience.\n\nWaiting in line [3\/5]: From when I stepped to the back of the line until the second I began to order, it was 2 hours and 4 minutes. The first 50 minutes was spent waiting in the sun and that was not fun at all. I am thankful it was only in the low 80s today otherwise I would have been miserable. They would occasionally walk by and bring us ice cold water which was nice, but I don't understand why there aren't any more tents or canopies for shade. Clearly, the business is doing well, so why not help everyone out a little bit by providing shade to the people determined enough to wait 90+ minutes for your food? The whole time I was waiting in line I was wondering what was taking so long, and when I got to the front I realized it's because they only have one person cutting the meat. I can't help but think it is to build the line and create hype. If they utilized their staff a bit better, the line would greatly decrease and people wouldn't have to wait outside 2 hours for the chance to order their meal.\n\nThe Food [4\/5]: I tried the brisket, pork rib, and sausage and left stuffed. The food was done right, but it really isn't anything spectacular. I don't have a negative thing to say about the food, but I don't have anything extremely positive to say about it either. \n\nWould I come here again? No. The wait was not worth it whatsoever, and ultimately, it isn't a place I plan on telling my friends about. If someone asked me about it, I would say that I enjoyed the food, but would never recommend it.