I read the reviews ahead of time and was a little uneasy about them but by the GREAT experience I had I thought I should share.\n\nThe ONLY disappointment was the lack of free guest WiFi. There might have been a connection but I didn't see one. The check in was EASY and efficient. The staff is SUPER friendly. The place was BUSY on my first visit but the wait wasn't long. About 40 minutes but they saw me the same day I called, so I can't complain.\n\nMarisol got me set up in the chair and took some x-rays, and then I was examined by the examination dentist. It was quick and easy. I knew I needed a root canal as this was a 2nd opinion. The root canal specialist wasn't there that day so they scheduled me for a few days later after I paid about 1\/2 for the $1400 procedure. Their price was as low as the other doctor, but there were no games or gimmicks. I think the reason why they can guarantee the lowest prices is because they see a lot of patients and they have a very efficient process and setup. The place is clean and inviting. EVERYONE is very nice and goes out of their way to make sure you are comfortable and at ease. I was offered a pillow by the assistant when she saw that I could use one. I was pleasantly shocked at how they offered extra perks like snacks and drinks, but that area is only available to paying patients, not in the main reception area where they give the free 2nd opinions. But still it felt rather luxurious, like a spa. The were a couple of women getting there nals done professionally in the waiting room. I think it was complimentary but I didn't ask since I was only interested in having cold Perrier, sparkling apple cider and their sweet and salty snacks. Overall it was a GREAT EXPERIENCE. Don't let ANY of the negative reviews deter you from this place because they apparently listened and FIXED whatever issues they might have had in the past. Only nice and caring people work at this practice, so going to the dentist, at least for me, is like going to a spa. Therapeutic and relaxing!