This is the absolute worst pizza hut i have ever been to. If I could give them negative 5 stars, I would and I am only giving 1 star because I have to. Every time I have had the displeasure of going there, its a problem. First of all, they NEVER answer the phone. Never. There's no way you will ever get through on the phone so dont even bother, you'll be on hold for hours -thats if they dont have the phone hanging off the hook so it doesn't even ring. I have personally seen them do this. Another time, I placed an order online, and I completed the order and confirmed it. I waited for HOURS. It never came. And of course I couldn't get through on the phone. I went in to speak to the manager, she was no help whatsoever and none of the employees, not even the MANAGER knew the phone number to their corporate office, supposedly. They didn't even care what I had to say. So tonight, I made the mistake of trying them again. I decided to go a different route and do a carry out. I placed my order online, said it would be 15 mins, ready at 8:10. I go in at 8:15 the girl tells me there's still 5 people ahead of me and if I didn't mind waiting 8-10 more minutes. Im like, do I have a choice? So I go back to my car and wait about 15 more minutes, go back inside, still not ready. I sit there for another forever and a half and finally she tells me they are cutting my pizza. Its ready.  Finally. An hour after my supposed pick up time. She opens the box... NOT WHAT I ORDERED. you've got to be kidding me. She tells me I must have entered it in wrong,  and if I want I can wait for them to make another one. ARE YOU EFFING KIDDING ME?! No. I did not enter it in wrong, I can show you my order confirmation, but I am not going to waste any more of  my time on you idiots. Second, there is no way I am going to wait another hour for you to make another pizza, which will probably be wrong again. Needless to say, I just walked out of there...hungry and pissed off... without a pizza.  I cant even deal with this level of stupidity. Sadly, I will never ever go to pizza hut again.. and i suggest you drive an extra few miles to find a different location if you are in this area...holla Dominoes!