I was very pleased with this place - they are very slick at moving you through the process even though they are crazy busy - especially in the spring. Las Vegas has extremely high allergy potential during the spring. Fortunately for me I went in July and when I told the nurse \"You guys are busy!\" because the place was nearly packed, she said this is dead - we are winding down after allergy season, so if you go in spring, they are handling hundreds of people a day and I think a lot of the negative reviews are probably due to how many people they see. But they are that busy because the doctor is really good so it's worth persevering until you get to see him (or, if you can wait, don't go in the spring). I've had a cough since January and medical people have been telling me I have asthma or bronchitis or walking pneumonia. I knew it was none of those as I didn't feel sick, just coughing, wheezing all night and really tired (which is normal for me). I'd given up asking doctors why I'm so tired because they think that's normal today. So when Dr. Tottori asked me (within one minute of coming in the room) if I'm tired, I could have hugged him. He diagnosed me inside two minutes with chronic sinus infections (I hadn't told him before then that I'd fought sinus infections for 3 decades) and he gave me a prescription which I've been on for a few days. Already I feel better and I'm grateful and can't wait to get through all the meds and see how I feel then. At first, I was surprised to get such a fast diagnosis, but I knew he was right and he was the only doctor who nailed it for me. I asked why Omeprazole (indigestion pills) worked on the wheezing and he said severe post-nasal drip will upset your stomach which then (I forget the exact details) causes wheezing. Made sense to me. He gave me a steroid nasal spray to stop the drip (and in two days no more wheezing, no more Omeprazole), and massive antibiotics to really hit this 3 decade long infection on the head, so I'll need to do major probiotic sessions when it's over to rebuild my gut, but it'll be worth it to not be so tired from fighting a very long chronic infection. Just to have a doctor ask me, \"Are you tired?\" and link it to an issue I have fought for such a long time was incredible. So don't be put off by his fast diagnosis or the trouble it may be to get in, he really knows his stuff.