It EXUDES femininity.\n\nI am not girly nor am I a tom boy, more like in between.  I like what people consider  \"boy\" things like paintball, video games, and heck, even shooting.  But I step in here and my feminine side kicks in hard.  I wanna get my nails done, get a facial, fix my hair all pretty and slap some makeup on.\n\nI have come in randomly throughout the years and have had varying degrees of experiences.  There are 3 locations, and I have been to the Chandler and Peoria locations.\n\nThey do have an event area, on the 2nd floor. I attended a wedding reception, a few years back, and it bewildered me when I saw that it was at Dolce.  It was nice, which suprised me, but the layout of the room was a bit odd.  You are split into two rooms, if your party is big.  The 2nd floor also houses the spa areas and the spray tanning booth.\n\n On my last visit, my stylist, Coulette, was friendly and efficent.  I arrived for a cut and color, and honestly, I  just wanted to get in and out of there with little to no conversation.  Coulette adressed any concern I had with my hair and went to work.  I love my cut, its very manageable and doesn't require constant styling.  She gave me a few tips on how to style my hair in beachy waves (a look I adore since my surfing days when I lived in So Cal). And I actually enjoyed conversing with her.\n\nI did have a few problems with Dolce, that prevents me from giving them higher than 3 stars. It almost borders going to 2 stars and makes me question if I will be going back. On this last visit, I was charged an extra 30 dollars.  I didn't realise it until I got home.  It kept on running through my mind on how the numbers didn't add up.  I finally called, and yes there was a mistake.  They did refund my credit card.\n\n But the issue is that they don't give you an itemized reciept.  I usually end up buying a product there, and then they ring everything up with your services and then verbally tell you amount due.  There is no break down of what the product cost and what your service cost, and minus any coupons you may have used, and what percentage is taken off (like 30 percent off of products). They tell you amount due and ask if you want to tip.  Something was off. This is not the first time I have walked away feeling I was overcharged somehow.  But this was the first time I disputed it, and it turned out my feelings were correct.  No other salon I have been to does this.  I usually get a reciept with a breakdown of charges.\n\nAnother problem I had was when I went in for my first ever, Mystic Tan.  I walked in got sprayed with what felt like AIR and I walked out.  I told the girl it felt like nothing but air, no light mist (which air and some sort of solution would create) but she said that it was normal, and I will darken up later.  No I did not darken AT ALL.  Even hubby was laughing at me, and said I look exactly the same the next day. I really believe they forgot the solution.  But I couldn't go back and complain because I was on vacation for 7 days, and after 7 days of bliss, I forgot.  I did NOT take away star for this, because in all fairness I did not call back and have them attempt to fix the problem.  But my gripe is that as a full service salon spa, they should know when their equipment is dry.\n\nWhen its all said and done, ask for a breakdown of charges and make sure you get what you pay for as far as services or equipment used.