Because we were staying at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay, I had read up extensively on the restaurants within the area. Border Grill had gotten rave reviews and sounded like my kind of restaurant, given my love for Mexican food and restaurants with rave reviews :).\n\nIt was a nice day and we sat out on the patio area, though there really is no view unless you have one of the seats on the very outside.. then you would be able to overlook the Mandalay Bay beach and lazy river area, though I'm not sure it would have been much of a view either way.\n\nI ordered the Grilled Skirt Steak (also referred to as their \"marinated skirt steak\") based on positive reviews from my fellow Yelpers. For $24, it's a little pricey for what it is outside of Vegas, but it does come with a pretty generous serving of steak. Also comes with tortillas, sides of corn, tomatoes, and baked beans (forgive me if I did not describe them in fancy terms.. if you want that, you can check the menu on their website). The food is delicious and very flavorful, definitely characteristic of \"upscale Mexican.\"\n\nMy girlfriend got the Duck Tacos at $19, which comes with the same sides of corn, tomatoes, and baked beans. The duck tacos are relatively small, but I did get a taste of the duck and it was very good. My girlfriend didn't think they were anything special, but she is definitely more food snob than I (sorry babe, but it's true!).\n\nIf this review were just up to the food, I would give Border Grill 4 stars. However, service was NOT good. Our waitress was just never around, and that alone can shift the mood of the dining experience drastically. The waitress took our order while we continued to look over the drink menu, but was then never to be seen again until after our food came out. Because of this, we never got to order our drinks. And guess what, she never checked on us again until we were done eating. And damnit, the restaurant was not even busy!!\n\nBecause of lackluster service and $1 for regular water (what, you couldn't throw free water with a $50 lunch?), I am giving Border Grill 3 stars. If service had been just average, I'd of given Border Grill 4 stars. And if service was excellent, 4.5 (nice atmosphere).\n\nCheck out my photos for pics of the food.