Ashley should reconsider her career options. Worst experience ever.  I came in with long hair down to my butt. I asked for an inch and a half off the length and to trim up my layers. She pretty much ripped out my tangles with her comb, cut an uneven line off the length, and said she was done. I asked if she was going to trim the layers and she said \"yeah sure, I can trim the top layers.\" WTF does that mean? Layers are exactly that, LAYERS- they start from the bottom and go up, and blend.  I ended up with pieces of hair randomly cut off all over the place and an uneven line at the bottom. OH, and when she finished she actually said the words \"BOOM,\" as if this was some masterpiece. She handed me a mirror to check it out. I instantly knew It was really really bad. So bad, that I didn't even bother having her fix it since she clearly sucks at her job already. When I left it was already late afternoon so I and immediately googled nearby salons hoping to find anyone to fix this mess. I ended driving a mile away to Ulta however, they were closing. The hairdresser took one look at my hair and actually felt sorry for me, and volunteered to stay and fix it. I was told that the only way to even out what Ashley did was to cut it even shorter. I went from having long hair down to my but to hair barely touching my bra strap. I know my hair is gone but, and there isn't anything I could do but, I really wanted the manager to know just how terrible Ashley really is. So, I called several days in a row to speak to a manager, but was unsuccessful. I finally got sick of calling and just asked for a district or general manager's number. But even they didn't answer any of my calls or return any of my messages.  So over all, 10 thumbs down for ASHLEY and Supercuts as a whole. In fact, I wish I could give this place and her a negative star rating. You get what you pay for. Lesson learned. After all, people don't end up working at shit hole salons because they're super skilled and employable.