The Lion King has to be the best Disney movie ever made. Many can argue that there are a few other top contenders that may bump them from the #1 seat, but what movie elicits a more emotional reaction to a character's death, a bigger connection with the characters with flawless character development, and a feeling of grand awe watching an animal climb a rock in the final scene? I can't think of another movie that surrounds a cast of animals more moving than The Lion King.\n\nThis is the kind of expectations I had when walking into the theater. I was about to see my favorite movie of all time come to life with a live singing cast, breathtaking set design, and artistic revamping for the stage. Here I was, at 25, giddily awaiting the curtain to be drawn, in the same way I was practically jumping up and down in my seat almost 17 years ago, excited to watch the original.\n\nWhen the opening number began with (a female) Rafiki it really set the tone for a great production to follow. Her powerful vocals were chilling, and she is easily the best performer out of the entire cast. It must be difficult to follow such a strong beginning number as I found myself bored during the first few scenes. The most memorable songs were towards the middle to the end and almost aways featured Rafiki who mostly sang in Swahili in smooth harmony with other female vocals.\n\nThe musical stayed mostly true to the movie, but to provide the fluidity of performing a movie on stage, the writer added a few more songs and situations to help the story along. I actually felt there are enough people who knew the storyline already that obviates the song additions. It made some parts unnecessarily long and undermined the powerful emotions that should have been associated with more of the pivotal scenes in the musical.\n\nOverall, the cast is talented and worked mostly well with each other. The dancers had plenty of energy and conveyed the story well through dance and song. I would like to see a different company perform this sometime later, though. Something about watching this show in Vegas made it feel like it was lacking in the grandeur and honest emotions I was craving for such a powerful story. 3.5 stars, but awarding 4 stars.