By far the friendliest and most enthusiastic greeting I have ever received. Is this how the islands treat everyone because I can get used to this type of hospitality. The day was cold, dreary, and rainy. The service definitely brightened up my party's day. \n\nI am always craving Korean food and was looking for something on this side of town to meet Katrina M. for her lunch break. My sister and I got there early, so I took the liberty of ordering for everyone. Our very enthusiastic server, and most likely owner, came over to point out some suggestions. Combo plate ($9.90) comes with rice, mac salad,  kalbi, meat jun, and BBQ chicken. Sold, you had me at kalbi. Everything else was an added bonus. Chicken is one of those meats that can be dry, boring, and rarely the highlight of a meal. At Island, it definitely is a contender. Juicy and flavorful. The meat jun was intriguing. A thin slice of beef that has been thrown in an egg batter and browned. It is the first time I have ever had this and it was my sister's favorite off the plate. Brown rice is an option on their menu. We got it subbed instead of regular white and there was no charge. Bonus points! We had also got the bibimnaengmyeon ($9.90). A cold buckwheat noodle tossed in a spicy sweet sauce with radish, cucumber, half a hard boiled egg, and beef slices. I am glad they keep this even in winter. I am usually all for seasonal specialties, but forget that when it comes to this dish. In Korea, this item usually disappears once summer is over. Luckily, not here in Vegas. We had also got the seafood soondubu ($8 something). Bubbling hot, large chunks of tofu, plenty of seafood, and a raw egg dropped in. All good signs... but no kick. I love it best when it possesses a spiciness that can only be remedied with a spoonful of rice. All the dishes come with beansprouts, radish, and cabbage kimchi. The last two items had the same issue, but they were fresh. \n\nEveryone vowed to come back and try some of the other dishes on the large menu. Even after lunch, I was eyeing the loco moco for next time. \n\nHot tea is also complimentary. That is worthy of a mention as well.