I'm all about local cafes, local businesses and most importantly, THE NEED FOR CAFFEINE!!! There are some things this place does really well. And I do frequent this establishment for lack of another local cafe within 5 min driving vicinity. But no matter how often I come here, I can never quite get over the snobbishness of it all. So from other reviews, you've learned by now this place doesn't believe in syrups or \"foofy\" coffees, cocktail coffees if you will. They pride themselves on serving authentic, fair trade coffee. They're rejecting the Starbucks bastardization of caffeine with whipped cream, caramel and several other syrups. Fine. Great. Sure I'll hear your speal one more time about why you think your caffeine is superior. Yes I do find it to be a mix of amusing and obnoxious. \n\nBut my major grievance with this establishment is that they find offering basic things with coffee - such as sugar, to be blasphemy. Listen dude, I'm paying the almost $4 for your cup of latte. It's ironic because cappucino and latte (the two drinks I order most frequently) are both from Italy. Now it has been 2 years since I was last in Italy, but at no point during the massive amounts of caffeine consumed there, was I ever refused sugar. It also never seemed like an unreasonable request to them. So much for authenticity. I understand the need to do something different, carve out your own niche. I'm game to trying things \"your way\", but if at the end of it all, I'd like a teaspoon of sugar added, should you really be so offended by that? And I have tried several different drinks there sans sucre several times, and I still feel wholeheartedly it would be better with some. It's in the back...I see it!!! I know you have it, don't tell me you don't! \n\nI will admit the coffee tastes pretty good and that's why I still return - but usually I just take it to-go and add my own sugar to the coffee, and I always feel a little ridiculous having to do that. Passion for coffee is great. I wish they had a passion for giving their patrons a wonderful experience, one that left them feeling like their money was well spent. As for ambience - it's fairly lacking. Couple of tables and chairs, one couch, it doesn't quite have the charm\/personality of a local cafe but I understand that's a work in progress and that they are moving locations to a bigger place soon.