We went to Honey Salt the other night and had an only okay dinner, with some odd features.  \n\nWe did have a reservation and were seated pretty quickly, but unfortunately in the least desirable area of the restaurant, the long skinny portion next to the bar on teh way to the restrooms.  This is an unfortunate space to begin with, but it was particularly problematic because there was a large party of about 14 near us.  This seemed to cause our waiter a lot of anxiety, which was reflected, I felt, in the service we received.  \n\nWe ordered two mixed drinks to start, and then looked at the menu.  They have a four course prix fixe option, and we got that to share, plus an additional soup and salad.  Of the six items we ate, none were outstanding and several had some issues. \n\nThe prix fixe comes with an amuse, a nice portion of gazpacho.  That was very solid and served in a demitasse type cup, for a nice presentation.  \n\nThe next course was the salad, which was described as a bing cherry\/greens salad.  At the same time, my dining companion got the creamless corn soup, a regular menu item.  The soup was very good and was a nice portion size, and came piping hot.  It had a very nice corn taste and was seasonsed well.  The salad was a disappointment.  The roasted bing cherries were a very minor element, and the overall flavor and presentation was uninteresting.  The vinagerette was barely noticeable and the greens needed it for more flavoring. \n\nOur next courses were the special Alaskan Halibut, which came with \"potatos confit, red pepper sauce and a corn salsa\" and the mozarella tomato salad from the regular menu, with the chocolate.  The Halibut itself was great; cooked well and flavorful.  But the companion elements severly detracted.  First, the potatos were simply discs of cooked small potatos.  They had no flavor and more importantly, they were served cold.  So there were small chunks of cold, unseasonsed potatos undelrying the halibut, which simply didn't belong there. The salsa was also cold, which I could understand better, but would have benefitted from being at least room temperature. \n\nThe mozarella and tomato salad was quite good; I think the chocolate is an interesting touch but I think it could be shaved or cut more finely, to allow a better distribution in the salad. \n\nFinally, the marscapone cheesecake in a jar from the prix fixe menu was very good and a nice finish. \n\nThe other problem with the meal, in additon the uneven food, was the extremely rushed pacing.  Our server kept assuring us that our next course was ocming, while we were still finishing the previous course.  It wasn't clear if he was anxious because of the large table, or there were other issues, but the pacing was way way too quick.    We were done in about an hour, which included the cocktail portion....I don't think we will be back soon.