Question: How do you get people to listen to timeshare presentations?\n\nAnswer: FREE stuff!!!\n\nAnd that's how I got sucked into the world of timeshare. I was walking the streets (ewe NOT that way) looking for buffets when I got distracted by FREE money FREE food FREE shows! I would get free buffets, $80 in gambling money and free magic show if I sat through 2 hours of a timeshare presentation. With that kind of a lure and me such easy bait, why not! Let me note that it was 1230pm.\n\nWhen up an elevator by the M&M museum to a lobby waiting area. It was filled with other bait err.. people. It was already hot as heck outside and I was dying for some water! Front desk girl in her too tight top directed to another room for refreshments. SCORE! I found juice, cookies, chips and fake fruit! I stuffed my cheeks like a chipmunk just before winter. Whoa... sugar rush! I was feeling much better! \n\nThen all us bait err... people got carted off to the Westgate Resort Villa about 10mins off the strip. We each got our own salesperson. Mines was a old guy from Tennessee dressed in blind-me bling-bling gold jewelry and snakeskin boots. Also known as Joey. I have to admit, I liked his sales approach. It was laid-back and very straight forward common sense-ness. I have to agree that vacations aren't cheap. Especially if you're taking them at least once a year. Lots of money into hotels. Especially funding those damn Hilton hijinks! But I slightly digress.\n\nThen we went walking around the resort, they had a pool that was filled with families and such. It was nicely well-maintained. Joey showed me two types of condo layouts. First was a two bedroom with a freakin' jacuzzi in the master bedroom. Wowzer! It was a really nice place! They had all the amenities including fully supplied kitchen and washer\/dryer! Ideal if you're planning to stay awhile. Second was a one bedroom unit that was pretty much the same including jacuzzi! I really liked it!\n\nNow it's time for yay\/nay and money talk. Initially he quoted me $20,000 to be a deeded owner of the resort. Meaning you're an owner for life and you don't buy points like other timeshare. I liked that what you pay, you get to keep. I didn't have $20g so he told me I could be a 50% owner, meaning I would use every odd or even year. That would only cost $10g. That seems reasonable especially since I could still take advantage of buying vacation time at other spots around the world (ie Caribbean, Hawaii, Europe, Asia) and cruise trips for really really cheap! It was like buying a condo but only paying for the exact time that I used it. And so... I say yes!\n\nNow comes the wait for the paperwork processing. Cue Jeopardy music for FOUR HOURS!!! Yes, I was waiting for that long. That's not including the previous two hours of presentation. I was getting cranky! I only had snacks all day and really needed real food. By the time the paperwork was ready to be signed, I was done. I was done with Westgate Resorts. I couldn't be associated with any place that almost ruined my vacation like that. It was 630pm and no fun was had. I took my \"free\" gifts and went back to the strip to eat!\n\nNow that I've come back home and eaten, I realized Westgate Resorts wasn't a bad thing. If you have a family unit or in a big family, it's pretty great! You don't have to constantly deal with finding the best deal for hotels. Everything is taken care of for you. Especially if you're in the Vegas area. The resort will drive you anywhere on the strip. It's taken care of like a hotel but feels more like home. I would consider again in maybe 5-10yrs.