I wrote a review on this company last year and to my surprise it has been flagged along with the 30 other people that reviewed them!!!! WTH!!! So, I have reposted it. FYI, in today's day and age the customer has the power! \n\nI bought a series of photofacials through one of the coupon sites and eagerly called for my first appointment, a young woman answered and took down my information. When I asked if she could explain what the facial consisted off she said \"read on the website, its all there\" - \"Okayyy\"...I thought. Thank god I wrote down in my calendar the date and time. \n\nWhen I arrived, two ladies (I believe one was the owner and the other was the young lady that answered my first call) where at the desk, no hello, no how can we help you, they just kept with their conversation. Nice! When they finally finished I mentioned that I was here for my appt and I had a coupon. I also asked if maybe I had missed their confirmation call the day before as I had not received one, the older lady mentioned that they do not make confirmation calls to coupon holders because the coupon holders are not clients and they only call their clients. I was shocked at the words that were coming out of her mouth. Coupon holders are not clients??!! Some one should give this business owner a marketing 101 class. I believe 99% of the businesses that are advertising on these coupon sites are  because they need to bring in more clientele. Finally the young lady took me to the treatment room, asked me to lay down and proceeded with this so call photofacial. During the entire process not a word came out of her mouth, not to ask if I was comfortable enough, if I was maybe in any pain or if I had any questions at all. I thought this was rather odd as I have had many facials throughout my life time and this experience was rather weird to me. After we finished, I asked her to explain to me what this photofacial was good for, I wanted to see if she knew what she was doing, and she did explained very well what the procedure had been about, how the machine that she used on me worked etc. It seems that I had to give her that one push to \"open up\".  I then booked my following appt. \n\nMy second appt was with a different woman. When she finished the treatment she said \"you should have booked a micro-dermabration prior to getting the photofacial, you get much better results\". Holy cow!! why wasn't I notified before!! Anyways, mediocre service, nuff said!