I'm a regular customer when it comes to my acrylics, but rarely get my feet done. I came in the other day to get a pedicure, and my feet were in such bad condition when I went in. It was slow, so they got me in right away. I picked out my color, and I walked over to my chair. I put my feet in the lukewarm water, and the woman starts to aim the water sprayer over my feet as the tub of water wasn't full yet. All of a sudden, she turns it up and it gets super hot really quickly. I love hot water, but seriously this water felt like it was boiling. I pulled my feet back and this woman just sneered at me. I said \"Uh, that's a little too hot.\" and just chuckled a little bit. I didn't know whether or not she had meant to do that or not. \n\nAs she's doing my feet, she's barely putting in any effort. I mean really honey, you can't scrub my heels a little harder? I'm not kidding when I say she barely rubbed them down. It's called Callous Removal for a reason. And she kept looking around while she was working on my feet. She wasn't focused on me, and kept looking at the other customers coming in. I wanted to snap my fingers in her face and ask whether I should be waving my money around in her face or not. Really, you're getting paid $30 + tip to provide a service to someone and you don't have the decency to focus?\n\nI had come in with my heels all torn up, blackened on the bottoms in between the cracks, and so dry they would get caught in my sheets as I shifted my feet around while laying in bed (don't judge, we've all been there). I left pretty much in the same condition, except my toe nails were painted purple. Seriously just awful. \n\nIt was the woman with the short bob, and smokers teeth. (I don't mean to be rude but she didn't give me her name when I asked) The only reason I'm giving 2 stars is because this place has the best nail technician: Stephany. She is so good with acrylics, and I'm pretty certain she is the only one in there who does waxing. Her waxing skills are better than the women at European Wax Center. Regardless, I don't think I'll be returning.