My friends and I came here on a Sunday afternoon for lunch.  We knew what we were getting ourselves into, going to an Applebee's and whatnot, but what transpired was so ridiculous, I expected Ashton Kutcher (or at least the host of \"How to Catch a Predator\") to pop out and we all LOL about how horrible the experience was.  Instead, I left the restaurant with an empty feeling in my heart, as a wave of sadness washed over me knowing I had just lost two hours of my life inside a low-rate Applebee's.\n\nWe were first greeted by a host who didn't greet us. He showed us to our table, set down the menus, and sidled back over to the host stand without making a sound.  In fact, I can't be positive he wasn't a ghost sentenced to life in purgatory as an Applebee's host. However I forgot to check if his feet were floating or walking, so we'll never be sure.\n\nThe waitress seemed nice enough, but it soon became evident that this woman was about to have a serious breakdown and that we were about to be her therapists, whether we liked it or not (we didn't).\n\nShe came back with our drinks after a bit of a wait saying, \"it's like pulling teeth to get that bartender to make us drinks, we even have to have the manager back there making them too!\".  Very professional.  As she was taking our order, I asked her if she knew whether or not a particular menu item had red dye, as I have an allergy. She was going to check in the kitchen. \"Be right back!\" she said, and we believed her.  Five minutes later, we see her emerge from the kitchen, taking food out to other tables, filling waters, and taking more drink orders to the surly bartender.  She returned to our table in a huff, her response to my red dye inquiry was severely alarming.  \"The chef says there's no way for us to know if it has dye it in or not.  We'd have to go look it up somewhere, so he said you just shouldn't order it.\"  Now I'm not under any sort of delusion that Applebee's is the kind of restaurant where the produce comes in fresh every morning, and the chefs have been trained in the French Alps.  However, I would expect at least *some* transparency, or you know, maybe just go look it up.  \n\nAs we started to order our food (maybe without red dye, who knows?!), the day started to really fall apart.  First of all they were out of mozzarella sticks.  As we all know, mozzarella sticks are among the top 3 reasons to go to Applebee's, along with $2 long islands and 1\/2 priced apps after 10 pm.  The waitress tried to explain to us their newly revamped appetizer menu (albeit without mozzarella sticks) but had no clue what she was talking about.  Somehow she walked away after telling us the particular items we ordered could not come out simultaneously, and whatever was ready first was going to come out.  This came down to me getting my entree before my friends' appetizers came, and my friends' entrees coming out about 45 minutes after everyone else had finished their meal.\n\nThroughout the whole meal, and I use \"meal\" loosely because we had nothing to eat for the majority of the time, we could hear the waitstaff going around to every table apologizing for something.  It was complete disarray.  \"Sorry for the wait, we are so busy!\" (as we're surrounded by empty tables), \"There's a 15 minute wait for drinks, because we only have 1 blender!\" (like, what?)  Not to mention they were spilling drinks, precious 15-minute wait drinks, everywhere.  The manager dumped an smoothie on someone's lap, a waiter spilled a drink all over an empty booth (which the mute host then sat a family at before it was cleaned, and a woman sat directly in the puddle), and another waitress was dribbling Bloody Marys across the restaurant at a rate so fast, you'd have thought it was a scene from Dexter. We were being patient, but other tables weren't as gracious.  One man walked up to the bar to get his table's drinks after they sat untouched for 10 minutes.  That guy was cool: he really tore into the manager for being so unorganized and they had to get another waitress.\n\nWe put in an order for another round of drinks, and hunkered down for the extreme wait that was likely to follow.  10 minutes later (we got lucky!) she came back with one too many margaritas.  \"Oh gosh!  You only ordered two of those right? Oh okay... well, this one is on me!\" which was nice enough, except she went on to complain about what a horrible day she was having, and how her whole life was ruined because another waitress made her switch sections.  \n\nBy the time the final entrees surfaced, we had them boxed up immediately to leave.  It took 30 minutes from the time we asked for the check to the time she brought it out, after being there for 2 hours.  The cherry on top was when she took $3 out of her own tips and laid it on the table for the extra margarita. That had to have been one of the most absurd things I'd ever seen.  Couldn't she just take it off our bill? Like we're really going to take your $3 off the table.\n\nAnyway, food was