Note: The dress code is in a grey area between formal and casual. When making a reservation over the phone (and I highly recommend doing so, particularly for a special occasion), I was told by the person I spoke to that they want their customers to \"feel comfortable.\" Use your best judgement. \n\nI first heard of this arcane thing called fondue back when I was in the third grade. A substitute teacher talked of it in class once and was shocked that I had no idea what it was yet pleasantly surprised that I was interested in the concept. The idea of fondue would sink to the bottom of my memory lake, occasionally surfacing if I saw something about it on television or if my friend Dena, a former Melting Pot employee, would bring it up.  \n\nIn recent weeks, it bobbed up and down in the water frequently due to Sweet Lady Kay's impending birthday. Reservations were made, and on Saturday (a few days ago), I finally had fondue for the very first time in my life. \n\nWe arrived 15 minutes early for our 5:30 reservation. Just as we sat down, we were taken onto a labyrinthine path and whisked away to a nook of the restaurant where a gaggle of balloons tied to a bar of chocolate awaited the birthday girl herself. \n\nYou see, I only offhandedly mentioned to the person I spoke to when I phoned in my reservation that we'd be observing my girlfriend's birthday. Kay was almost in tears.\n\nEnter: Kayleigh. Kayleigh obviously enjoys her stint with The Melting Pot, and that enjoyment was a contagion. Poor service at a restaurant has been thankfully rare for me, so good service is something that I take for granted. However, I was totally unprepared for just how transcendently  Kayleigh was as a server. She was so unfailingly friendly, we wouldn't have minded if she sat down and dined with us. Her timing was perfection. As soon as we finished one course, the next arrived, Kayleigh explaining everything about the menu and the fondue experience to this neophyte with the grace of a new age Mary Poppins. \n\nThe Melting Pot's Big Night Out theme changes every 6 months or so and gets you an entire 4 course couple's meal for one price. As of this writing, the theme is Latin America. \n\nCourse One: Queso Fundido...Indeedo\n\nKayleigh brings out a caquelon and places it on the rechaud in the middle of our table. Once the pot starts to steam, she returns and  pours some beer into it. After that, a trio of Gruyere, Fontina, and Gran Queso went in along with lime juice and chorizo (Kay opted to skip the jalapenos). Once Kayleigh stirred it with a fork, it was ready to eat. Amazingly simple: That is Fondue.  \n\nWe found the various types of bread cubes, ranging from pumpernickel to plain old white, worked the best, each morsel absorbing the cheese sauce better than the carrots, cauliflower, green apples (!), and mushrooms did. Although, I have a newfound respect for broccoli as it was the most successful of the veggies in this arena.\n\nCourse Two: Dueling Salads\n\nBoo on me for playing it safe, but I went with their House Salad since I always want to try a restaurant's house dressing. In TMP's case, there are two: A Peppercorn Ranch and a Sweet and Tangy. I chose the Sweet and Tangy which I found was named appropriately and was also superb, particularly over the hard-boiled egg, something I always welcome on a salad. Tomatoes, two kinds of lettuce (iceberg and romaine), shredded cheddar, and croutons made up the difference on this exceptional traditional salad.\n\nScratch that. Damn me for playing it safe. Kay's Shrimp Ceviche salad was a leafy, tropical masterpiece! And she was kind enough to allow her green-eyed foodie monster beau to have a few bites. Mixed greens and a pico de gallo of fruit all dressed in a lime vinaigrette  surrounded a marinated-shrimp\/guacamole\/torilla Napoleon in what amounted to a zenith of salads. If this was all I had at TMP, it would alone push the restaurant up to 5 stars. Whoever invented this is from another plane. \n\nCourse Three: Fondue Fusion Fantasia\n\nOur choice of \"cooking style\" (you get 4 to pick from) was Mojo; a bouillon with Caribbean essences, a touch of citrus, and copious amounts of garlic. This time, our pot came to our table in something resembling a medieval torture device designed to prevent spillage in transit. Equally Gothic were the small plates and bowls, both made of pewter, that were put before us. The bowls housed various dipping sauces from garlic butter and a Gorgonzola (sounds like a comic-book monster, don't it?) port to sweet\/sour and curry sauces and even a hellacious cocktail sauce. \n\nLobster tail, filet mignon, chimichurri sirloin, piri piri shrimp,\nchicken breast, pork, and fire-roasted-corn-salsa ravioli, all in the raw, were presented before our gaping eyes and mouths. What would go well with what? In what order would each be devoured? Stay tuned for a conclusion True Believers, for character limits are a drag!