With ALEX closing its doors couple years ago (see my review for ALEX), Vegas now has just 3 restaurants left having the highly prestigious Michelin 2 and 3 star awards. Picasso is one of them.\n\nThe walkway to meet the Maître d' in the sitting area showcases a number of original sculptures by Pablo Picasso, including a $34 Million dollar painting that adorns the sitting room.\n\nAnother Pablo Picasso painting, hung right over my table, had me beg a question to the waiter. This restaurant has 11 Picasso paintings totaling a worth of $300 Million dollars, he says. I am dining in a fine arts museum. Another showcase that caught my attention every 15 minutes: the water fountain show since this establishment is adjacent to the Bellagio waters.\n\nL'Amuse-Bouche was a tasting of Vichyssoise which is typically served cold, however the chef opted to present it as warm with a topping of almonds. Pairing this classic soup is a pheasant croquette topped with a sliver of prosciutto where its bold savoriness balanced with the light, airy and delicate croquette.\n\nQuail Salad was served with sauteed artichokes and pinenuts. Despite salad status, the perfectly cooked Quail legs rises to the top as an excellent dish.\n\nOysters were poached in Sauce Vermouth and garnished with Osetra Caviar. The taste felt incomplete. This can be remedied by a light squeeze of zesty lemon juice to balance the warmth of Vermouth. I concluded the caviar did little to augment the flavor of oysters. I would have probably preferred the caviar to be served on the side to separate tasting notes.\n\nMost American-based French restaurants usually pan-sear Foie Gras. Picasso however takes the classic \"Torchon\" approach, a tedious process of gently poaching and resting the cloth-wrapped goodness for several days. The result: a pure unadulterated taste of buttery rich Foie Gras, without the bitterness of searing, almost as pure as from the Terrine method of cooking. the crunchy texture of fried toast and sweetness from the delicately caramelized pineapple slices accompanied this overly rich organ. However I found either the accompaniment too small in portions or the Foie Gras too large to achieve such a balance.\n\nSauteed Medallions of Fallow Deer had a hint of gaminess as expected from this European deer, but was nevertheless tender and surrenders easily to a butter knife. Red Zinfandel marries a perfect match. Tasting balance here are caramelized green apples which I find effective.\n\nPeanut Butter Mousse Timbale was served with Blackberry Pâté de Fruit with Chocolate Torte and Banana Peanut Brittle Ice Cream. The brittle had a satisfying crack when broken by the dessert spoon, the Torte cake was moist and spongy, and the ice cream of course creamy. This dish was a play of textures and a grand exit to the prix fixe.\n\nAt about $300 (not counting wine), this dining experience is a bargain compared to the Guy Savoy costing twice as much for a comparable prix fixe, considering it's in the same 2-Star Michelin category. Despite noted flaws, I am giving 4 stars for good service, excellent venue (and art display) and great prices for their upscale cuisine.