To whom it may concern:\n\nI'm writing this letter to inform you on bad business tactics that was used to charge my personal credit card for a car upgrade that I never asked for. I recently made reservationson Kayak\/Hotwire for an economy car Feb 17th - Feb 20th 2015 at $139.82 paid in full. The hotwire itinerary 3955023478. When my wife and I arrived at the car pick up center at McCarran Intl. Airport we were asked to pick up a video\/telephone. My wife picked up the phone and got a gentleman by the name of Bryce. Bryce had asked for our last name and asked if we ordered a full size car. My wife quickly told him \"no\" and that it was for aneconomy car. Bryce asked to speak to me since the reservation and credit card was undermy name. During my conversation with Bryce I asked him how much would be held on my credit card for deposit. He stated that he did not know but would find out shortly after he recorded my driver's license and I swiped by credit card. Not one time during my conversation did the word upgrade ever come out of Bryce or mine's conversation. After a few minutes Bryce asked me to sign a screen in which I quickly did since I rent cars all the time. Shortly some paper work starting spitting out of the machine and I picked them upand threw it all in a Hertz folder that was on the side of machine. Bryce then stated thata $79.00 transaction was on my credit card and that I had saved some money by booking with Hertz and told me what type of car and where it was located. Both my wife and I got to the car and drove off to our next destination at The Plaza Hotel. During our drive my wife was going through the paperwork in the folder and noticed a card that showeda $22.00 upgrade fee. I immediately called my credit card company to check on my account.It showed that a transaction of $279.00 was held on my credit card. So I called the Hertz 1-800 service number and got a young lady by the name of Taylor after 20 minutes of just\nholding on the phone. I briefed her on my situation and she told me that there was not much she could do but that I should go back to Car Rental Agency at the airport. I told her that it was ridiculous that I should have to make another 45 minute drive back to the pick uplocation and that I noticed a Hertz rental car sign at the front desk of the Plaza Hotel. I asked her if the Hertz desk in the Plaza Hotel would be able to help me. Taylor was not very confident and said that she was not too sure but if they had an economy car maybe they could switch it for me. Again, Taylor did not sound confident on policy and procedures. After a few hours of rest and getting something to eat we headed over to the Hertz desk at the Plaza\nand was told that they had left for the day. I made an executive decision to just wait and work it out with Hertz when I bring the car back on the 20th. I'm on vacation and shouldn't have to be going through this awful set-back of rest and relaxation. \n\nWhen we returned our rental car on the 20th  we went over to the Hertz Gold Club and talked to a manager Kathleen who seemed not to interested on what we had to say. She just kept saying that a contract was drawn up and I signed it and drove off the lot and that was that and there was nothing we could do about it. In Kathleen's email she CC to me statedthat she told us the charges would stand and that she was sending her email anyways because we wanted to hear from somebody. That's not very professional from someone who represents your company as a manager. My wife told her that we would call our credit card company to complain and she said \" Well we already have your money\" again, making it seem like there's nothing you could do about it. I was really shocked by her response. There was even a customer service person Dione who was a witness to all this. \n\nI hope to get a response from someone soon. I was told by Kathleen that I had 48 hoursto send an email to this address.\n\nThank you for your quick response. As of now 21 hours later I've still have not heard from anybody that I was asked to send an email to executivecustomerservice@hertz.com\n\nRental record #125463774\n\nThanks again Laura!