Although Ceasar's struggles with many of the typical problems I have with big casinos on the strip(old people, screaming children, temperature control issues), it was overall better than I had initially expected.  Our room had just been remodeled, and was pretty nice.  Not dingy at all.  Also, we had a TV in the bathroom mirror which was really convenient while we were there on November 3rd, trying to keep up with the presidential election as much as possible while we were partying in Vegas.  \n\nA couple of issues, however.  Apparently, the entire Forum Tower was experiencing some sort of engineering difficulty, and there was a loud noise coming from our door lock throughout the entire stay.  The actual noise it was making is hard to explain; but it was loud enough to wake me up every 15 minutes during the night when it occured.  However, they did comp us the bottle of 2003 Clos du Val Cabernet Sauvignon that was in the mini bar after I called and complained about the mechanical noise.\n\nAnother issue:  there is a lack of hotel security in the late hours of the night\/early hours of the morning.  I was walking back to my room alone after leaving my boyfriend to play at one of the blackjack tables for a bit longer, and some sleaze followed me back to the elevators, cornered me and propositioned me like a prostitute, telling me to \"name my price\".  As I frantically looked around for someone, ANYONE, to help me, there was no hotel employees around to assist me, and thank god he didn't follow me into the elevator after I scurried away.  I mean, I acknowledge that sometimes I dress provocatively, but not this time. This guy was just completely out of line, and there was no security guard in the elevator area making sure outsiders couldn't wander up into the hotel or assault the guests.\n\nBut, other than that, Caesar's wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.  The Forum Shops cant be beat; having Vegas's best shopping right at your fingertips was awesome(and bad at the same time).  And, the Elton John show was outstanding!  Definitely check The Red Piano show out.