I've been here soooo many times that giving it any less than 4 stars would be absurd. \n\nI absolutely love this location, it's very chic and nice, but still fine to show up in jeans and a T-shirt. It's that kind of place where when you bring out-of-towners (or ur friends and family who've just not been here yet) and the immediate response upon entering is always: \"Oh, wow!\" \n\nIt's an extremely popular place regardless of what day of the week it is. Chances are you will be invited to sit at the bar (free for anyone to grab a seat) with your lil electronic red light line disk thingy until a table is free. So do expect to be having cocktails and appetizers before your meal (and if you happen to luckily get a table right away, well then, tant mieux)!\n\nThe food and drinks are pricey. But worth it. So extremely delicious, I've tried just about everything that's not seafood here and I recommend it all. In particular, I love the nachos with steak, i love their filet mignon, and i love their asparagus! \n\nThe only thing that always bums me out is I always get an intense cheese craving when I come here, but there aren't any cheese platters nor any plates really covered in cheese (except nachos, obviously, but that's not the kinda cheese i mean). The only cheese available for the steaks is blue cheese and I'm not a fan. I really, really wish they had goat cheeses and okas and goudas available too. They do have a baked brie, however, and that's what I usually get when the craving is intense. \n\nThe staff are very easy on the eyes and that's always pleasant too. They treat their regulars like friends, but still don't ignore the newbs. It can be a bit confusing as there is 2 entrances and 2 hostesses and no one actually stops you from walking right past them and wandering through the usually packed restaurant, but just approach a hostess and she'll take care of everything! \n\nI highly recommend this place as a must experience, at least once, while in Mtl (I know they have them elsewhere like another in Mtl and in Ottawa, for example, but trust me they ain't got sh*t compared to this exact location).