Was in Toronto for the long weekend, and before our flight we decided to have a Thanksgiving dinner.  Canteen was busy enough for a holiday and we decided to have dinner there.  They had a Thanksgiving special which was very good.  The stuffing was very good, and I do not usually like stuffing.  The stuffing can also be enjoyed with the chicken dish.  Overall, the food was good.  The dessert was eh.  I had the toffee apple cobbler and it tasted like it was burned.  The brownie was also a little burned tasting.  \n\nBut the real reason for the mediocre rating was the service.  It was pretty bad.  We got what we asked relatively quickly when the waiter popped around, which was not often enough.  This is interesting too because the design of the restaurant doesn't allow of the wait staff to wander off where the patrons can't see them.  Its an open style kitchen and all the service areas are right in plain view.  Our waiter was always all the way across the restaurant, back turned to the patrons, and joking with his coworkers in big gaggles.  It was incredibly unprofessional.  Worst was the manager and host were right in the middle of the circle of non-working staff.  \n\nI watched the cook put up our salads to be served and our waiter didn't stop to see what was ready for at least 10 minutes.  When he did wander by them, he looked at them, stared a moment and kept walking.  Only when I darted my eyes at him and the salads did he turn around and realize they were ours.  This was annoying because our dinners were out while we were still finishing our salads.  That's just a pet peeve of mine.  \n\nLastly, we wanted dessert to top of the Canadian Thanksgiving (for us silly Americans traveling on a holiday weekend), so we told him when he took our dinner plates.  He didn't come back for close to 10 minutes to take the orders.  What was he doing while we waited?  Chatting in a big circle with his co-workers.  I felt bad for the kitchen staff because they were obviously working hard and making nice meals and the wait staff was not pulling their weight.  There was one waiter who was running around like a busy guy, but there were 4 or 5 more that weren't.  \n\nToo bad because the place is nice and in a great location.  Someone put a lot of thought into the place and the wait staff is going to ruin it if they keep up the way they acted today (and the way other reviewers advised). If you were thinking about getting a bit of dinner before a show at one of the theaters in the neighborhood, I wouldn't risk missing curtain call.