Solid spot.  Everyone who works here is extremely friendly.  There are 4 staff members who regularly help Eric R. and I and know us when we come in.  He and I have both gone to doctors here for eye exams.  My doctor is Dr. Lee, and she is great.  Eric went to a guy, and he liked the experience too.\n\nWe have both purchased glasses from here.  I got Oakley sunglasses after living 4 years in the desert without any...and my husband got them for me as a present.  The store matched amazon.com's price immediately so we saved some $.  Now I can't live without them.  I reacted to the plastic when wearing them a lot so there was an easy solution for me: silicone nosepads (2 sets for $3).  They have been great ever since, for almost a year (I have washed them and changed them out by now, I promise!)\n\nEric R. is an Oakley loyalist.  He got a pair of prescription glasses called Capacitors (engineering nerd excitement) so he had hoped they would create a pair of sunglasses called Inductors but not yet!  He was recently looking for new sunglasses when we were invited to a little \"party\" or \"soiree\" with wine and nibbles at the Optic Gallery.  Everything in the store (frames) was 20% off if one purchased at the event.  An Oakley rep was there to answer questions.  Eric R. originally wanted the glasses where you can clip in and out 2 different lenses so he could have regular and sun lenses in prescription if he rode his bicycle into the sunset.  However, the clipping mechanism was complicated and would likely make him get fingerprints all over the lenses anyway.\n\nHe ended up getting a new version of his old pair with slightly larger lenses and mirrored coating.  The Optic Gallery staff felt badly about the cost of Oakley lenses (they had to go Oakley's lab instead of our insurance company's lab because of the specialty product) so they gave Eric 20% off of the lenses and the frames, which was totally cool.  We really like the service and the products here, and would recommend it to anyone who needs an eye exam or a pair of glasses.\n\nAlso, Eric's old sunglasses lost their nose pieces quite regularly, and the staff always put on new ones for him for free whenever this happened.