I have to give Azul five stars because when it comes to Mexican restaurants in Pittsburgh, Azul is hands down my favorite place. Authentic food, fun colorful atmosphere, and GREAT cocktails. \n\nNaturally, the Margaritas are a staple and a 'must-get'if if it's your first time at Azul. So tasty and a perfect start to the night.\n\nTejitos - a mojito made with tequila - this is one of my favorite cocktails in Pittsburgh - absolutely delicious. I like mine traditional but last time I was in I tried a mango version, it was pretty damn good too. \n\nAnd, unexpectedly, they have the most amazing Bloody Mary's - made with orange juice and Tajin (a new favorite spice of mine) - no horseradish. Slightly citrusy and very delicious. \n\nThe wait staff is friendly and attentive - especially if the owners are around - and they generally are, doing their rounds making sure everything is going smoothly and that their customers are enjoying themselves.\n\nThe food is just phenom: \n\nTo start - The best homemade (and if they aren't homemade they are still just the best) chips, served with a few different salsas - so those are necessary for every trip to Azul. Table-side Guacamole, and my new favorite - Queso Fundido - a cheese dip with a kick to eat with your chips. If you are ever there on a night when they are serving mussels, that's a no brainer, also a must get.\n\nFor your meal - If you haven't filled up on cheese dip, salsa and guac - then you have an array of options to choose from. I usually go for whatever taco special they have, last time I was there it was a wild mushroom taco, I've also had duck tacos and probably my favorite was a pork belly taco. You are typically served two tacos on your choice of corn or flour tortillas, along with rice and beans. There is a host of other options available as well, from salads to steaks, quesadillas and Azul Soup (which is really more of a delicious chicken stew with tortilla strips, avocados with delicious spices and veggies).\n\nUsually pretty busy on weekends for dinner, so if you're coming on a Friday or Saturday,  you may have a short wait. But they have a gorgeous bar, and as mentioned, awesome cocktails so I never mind. As a general rule of thumb, if you're coming with six or more be sure to make a reservation any night, just in case. They also have two private rooms upstairs for parties, which is always a good time. \n\nWell worth a trip to the 'burbs for this great find.