I gave one star, because 'no stars' is not an option.\nWe chose to work with this company, based on a recommendation. At one time, this may have been a reputable company. However, our experience was horrific! Deadlines were not met, work was not complete or was done incorrectly and had to be redone. Each day there were new guys showing up to work on the project, or to 'fill up' their time card for the week and would work maybe 1 hour to meet their 40hrs. Our custom counter tops were left outside in the sun for weeks to yellow. The site was left a mess, it became our responsibility to clean up left behind soda bottles, food wrappers along with their construction mess. Each time when we questioned Patrick, we received a mouthful of excuses. For every issue he had an excuse. At no time did he take responsibility for what had happened on the project, simply provided more excuses. Not only was each issue met with an excuse, but the work was subpar. Within a month the counter tops came loose, months later there is still excess caulking all over the sink bowl, along with shower doors hung poorly are only a few examples of what we are willing to live with, to never have to work with this company. Upon completion of the project, prior to any opportunity to inspect the work and ensure all items were completed, Patrick insisted we pay him the remaining balance. Unbelievable  We determined, the issues that were left behind would be easier to fix then having to listen to another round of excuses from the Kieran brothers.  This was the most disappointing experience.\nIn response to Olga and what will hopefully be the last of the excuses we have to hear,  we did bring the issues to the attention of Patrick. Our displeasure was never a secret to your company There was a poor attempt to fix the issues. In fact when we mentioned an issue to Patrick yelled at my husband. Your inability to handle the situation properly was a continual source of disappointment. When Patrick quoted the project, there was no indication he was doing this as a favor. Luckily for our next investment property we found another company that did exceptional work and can manage to talk on the phone politely.