Loved this place! Staying here was awesome! Such great service. Though it was packed for spring break it was still fun. The check in line felt like a line at Disney World in the summer time but it went fast and efficiently. Also they have so many restaurants and are a dog and family friendly hotel. Pool wasn't bad either. My family got a cabana and it was nice because they have a tv in them! I only took off one star because the casino reeked of smoke like it was unbearable for someone who doesn't smoke. Other hotels infuse a fragrance to mask the smell but ours didn't:\/Palazzo when it first opened smelled amazing like a bouquet of roses, same with Venetian. Now though it was horrible smell, like it made me physically nauseous. I also thought the doggy relief area was a little far and too small. It doesn't seem like it was cleaned often either. We had to trek over to the Mirage dog relief area which was a lot larger and cleaner. It was right in front of the hotel so it was easily accessible. I will say though that it was a perk that they take dogs because I remember a few years ago they didn't take dogs. If they didn't we would have had to stay in another hotel separate from there the rest of our group was. Casino is nice and since it is joined with The Palazzo we got to trek over there too. Rooms are huge! All of them are suites have a sunken in step down living room with a desk area and a dining area and 3 TV's. One is in the living room room another in the bedroom and another in the bathroom(but smaller) The living room couch is also a sofa bed. They also have a shower and bathtub, double vanity and a private toilet so many people can get ready at the same time. Room was clean and made service was on point. They arrive immediately when you request them. Plus the hotel itself is always kept clean. I always saw a room a cleaning person somewhere. I also get very safe that they would have two to three people standing at the guest elevators to check and make sure you are a guest of the hotel. You would have to tap your room key on this pad that lights up green. They won't let your through if you don't tap it but hey I felt safer cause of it. Elevators were very fast too. Very little wait time. They have a ton and I mean a ton of shops at the Venetian and lots of restaurants too! They put a Grand Lux there as well which is open 24\/7. They have the best baked goods there. Yum!  The palazzo shops are right next door too but are more high end.\n\nShout out to our celebration coordinator Kylie who put together a great family reunion trip of 18 people. She was so accommodating and answered our emails immediately. The Venetian is lucky to have her. Super nice as well. If you ever have a party or get together ask her to assist you. She won't disappoint:)