I've put off writing this review for a long time. Mostly because I just couldn't make up my mind. Sure, I love the decor, the atmosphere, the general \"vibe\" of this place. I've enjoyed many a fine brews there as well- the Framboyzee is one of the finest raspberry wheats I've ever tried, and The Jake and the Stop Hop Kaboom are both solid choices. I've sat at the bar and enjoyed apps, I've met friends here for dinner, something must keep me coming back. But when I think back on all my experiences here, I'm just greatly...underwhelmed.\n\nTo start, its always crowded, and i mean CROWDED. Good for them, I'm sure. But who wants to fight their way to the bar for drinks at happy hour, then stand because all the bar seats are taken, as are the tables? Not this gal. It creates an awkward experience in my opinion. If you do manage to snag one of the tables around the bar (no chairs, these are standing room only tables), you sometimes get waited on by the servers, and other times you're left to fend for yourself and keep going back to the bar for drinks. Every time I'm here and its that crowded, I just don't know what's going on. Should I open a tab with the bartender? Should I wait for the server to get our drink order? Is this awkwardly placed table in the way of the servers? \n\nThe other thing for me is the food. And I get the whole concept thet're going for- small shareable plates, food comes out as its ready, I get it. None of that bothers me, in fact, I think its kind of fun. But they just don't nail it for me. I appreciate their use of local ingredients and house butchery, but the end result doesn't blow me away. Their house smoked corn dogs tasted like I could have bought them at the grocery store. The smoked wings were mediocre at best. I ordered the chicken as an entree once, and my server didn't inform me that its just a chicken, on a plate, and I would need to also order additional sides. What irks me the most about the food is the price. They recommend 2-3 plates per person, but those plates are $12-28 a piece. That turns into a pricey meal. Heck, I can get an awesome 5 course tasting meal a couple doors down for less (I'm lookin' at you, Greenhouse). It just doesn't add up for me, especially when the food is as average as its been in my experiences. \n\nHonestly for me, this is a brewery. Hopefully I get lucky and its not packed to the gills so I can sit at the bar and enjoy a couple Framboyzees. Maybe after a couple drinks I'll grab an app, but I won't be making dinner reservations.