So i have always been a great believer in giving praise where i see fit and i always figured that the reviews i read we mostly made by people just having a bad day. Well let me tell you i am singing a different song these days! I am now reading yelp before i go anywhere! And i hope i can help out the future customers of Olive Garden on Southern and Superstition Spring Blvd! First of all I called in to see if they were busy and Donna answered and she said there was no wait. So i asked her if i could make a reservation anyway since it was a friday afternoon and i know they can get busy. So she put us on the reservation for 4:30 for a table of two. We arrive 2 minutes before our reservation and checked in with donna who we had spoken to on the phone. Now she had already had an attitude as it was on the phone but i was willing to let that go. I walk up to her and she doesn't even acknowledge me, just keeps writing on her paper so i tell her we have a reservation and its for 4:30 and she finally looks up and says ok, looks at her paper for all of 2 seconds this time and says there will be a 10 min wait. I said fine and started to wait. The room was packed and i noticed a lot of people getting seated before us but i figured this was because they were here before us. So I played a game in my head where i memorized the customers that came in as i was waiting to see if they got seated before me. 25 min later 4 different groups of people that were groups of two, four, and five got seated all of who came AFTER us. My husband went back up to Donna and asked if she knew when we would be seated and she snarked back that it would be ATLEAST 10 MORE MINUTES!! K gotta say don't even bother making a reservation here or expecting the staff especially Donna to be cordial or even decent because as I sat there waiting for the 30 minutes I watched Donna and three other waiters roll there eyes and make faces at each other about the customers. Now i understand that some customers can be pains in the asses thats a given but there us no reason to roll your eyes or reply rudely when a nice old man comes up to you and asks if he needs a buzzer! I mean come on people have some common decency to treat others with some respect! Needless to say we left after 30 min of waiting and we will not be returning to this location!