Upon my arrival to this place I noticed 2 of the employees sitting in the front on their phones. When they greeted me they looked away from their phones but proceeded after telling me to choose my color. They also shouted in the back to get another lady to come do my nails despite no customers being in there. I picked my colors but when she was applying the colors I noticed they are very sheer. Any amount of grime that gets under my nails you can see through the gel despite them putting on 4 layers.(minus the gold nail which was fine). I felt like it may have been the quality of the gel that made it so sheer because the pink was actually darker than what i usually get and ive never seen through my nails even with 3 coats.The color is very pretty and the lady doing my nails was nice but I felt like she asked way too many personal questions for my liking. During getting my nails done one of the girls was humming with earbuds in and on her phone right behind me. I felt like I was in a break room. Despite that the place was really clean. They used sanitized tools, new furniture and they even gave me a free bottle of lotion. One thing that kinda bugged me is they waited until I tipped to give me the bottle of lotion which kinda felt like a reward prize. If they had given it to me right after I got my nails done I feel it would have been more appropriate. I guess it is just eddicite that I didn't like. Even when I tipped the guy told the lady who did my nails how much I left from across the room. Which again isn't that big of a deal I just found it really inappropriate because I tipped good. They were very kind and they told me thank you for my service and tip but I do not think I wish to go back. I asked for a brochure so I could take so If I wanted to come back I'd have the pricing but they said they do not have that and pointed to a sign on the wall which I took a picture of. I have been jumping between nail places trying to find my place after my lady left but QTK nails just was not for me. From working in a nail salon almost 2 years I know the jist of things and I simply haven't found my match yet.What boggles me the most is i told them prior to starting that I was a yelper and they still were on their phones in front of me and so on....1st star for cleanliness, 2nd star for friendliness, 3rd star for good prices.