There's a sense of lost innocence to this new Franktuary franchise in increasingly gentrified Lawrenceville. The flagship Franktuary truly feels like a sanctuary from the teeming Downtown streets. Nothing pretentious can be found about the decor, the menu, or the staff. No matter who you are, you feel welcome. \n\nThis Franktuary seems to be bent on destroying Frankie's, another nearby hot dog shop that is much simpler and attracts a highly antithetic clientry. \n\nWhen Kay and I dined at the South Side Waffles INCaffeinated recently and spoke to one of the co-owners\/chefs about the inaugural New Brighton restaurant, he told us that many of the local residents were hesitant to come in, fearing they wouldn't be welcome or be able to afford a meal there.\n\nAnd perhaps it's unintentional (I hope so, anyway), but I can't see longtime locals --the kind that regularly loaf at the Wendy's up the street --- crowding this hot dog shrine anytime soon. When I see yuppies and hipsters nonchalantly eating these somewhat steeply priced franks from oblong plates, up-talking, looking about, and wanting very much to be seen as they munch, it feels like a kick in the gut, as if co-opting is occurring, as if the humble hot dog has been made haute cuisine, inappropriately and against its will, its soul ebbing along with that of a business that is crassly exploiting it and the community it supposedly serves. \n\nI decided to run over to Franktuary on my break at work (it's right across the street from my job) last week to see if this was the Franktuary that brought sunshine into my life during a bitter winter day 2 years ago. \n\nI was greeted by Chris, a barman with a haircut that would likely garner curious stares from Frankie's customers. Garbed in the manner of borderline formal attire one would expect at a pricey steakhouse, yet sociable and plainspoken despite his vague rockstar semblance, Chris chatted with me about other area restaurants while I waited for my duo of wieners and a serving of poutine, becoming my buddy over the course of about 15 minutes. \n\nImitative of Burgatory (also becoming a chain, something I'm ambivalent about), a checklist-style bill of fare lists the types of dogs that can be had down to the toppings, bun, and meat itself (from New York to New Zealand to local). On intestine-encased rocketships of mashed beef enveloped in potato rolls I flew to Mexico and Bangkok while stopping in Quebec for disco fries in between. \n\nThe problem with the franks I had was that I never really tasted much of anything on either of them, making me wonder if hot dogs were meant to be given the gourmet treatment. Mexico came slathered with mango salsa, queso fresco, and a baby-food guacamole, all of which nearly obscured the deep, dark flavors of the grass-fed protein. Bangkok carried carrot, cilantro, and a runny peanut sauce to nowhere. None of the toppings succeeded in doing anything aside from needlessly turning ballpark fare into something exotic for its own sake. \n\nPoutine's one of those dishes I haven't had enough of, and what little I've had has only moderately excited me, Franktuary following this trend. I'm assuming that the cheese curds come from the neighborhood's own Arsenal Cheese, and while they were squeaky and tasty enough, I just as soon would have had them cold with mustard rather than standard issue fries and gravy. The fries were only fairish, falling far short of those prepared by Oakland's Original Hot Dog Shop (THE benchmark) with their sodden texture and lack of seasoning. The gravy was indiscernible in appearance (the gravy in the other pictures is not the gravy I had) and taste. I'm not sure that I would order this again here or elsewhere even if I found it to be digestible and far from heinous. \n\nWhat I may return for are those meatballs and their pierogi, but with a relatively hefty price tag ($21.40 for everything), it won't be until next payday at the earliest. \n\nP.S. My co-workers were dumbfounded over how much my tab was. I was almost too red-faced to reveal the total to them. The hot dogs I did have were easily greater than those served at the Circle K across Butler Street, but give me Frankie's meatballs and hot sausage over them all (Frankie's is still a steal).\n\nP.P.S. The service was fast, friendly, and efficient. My food came to me without much of a wait considering how busy they were at the moment. I'll probably phone my order in next time to save a few minutes.