Cafe Mayakovsky.  What more can be said that other Yelp reviewers have not?  Well, let me try!\n\nIt was a warm, gentle evening as I reclined in my favorite sofa while sipping on a fine single malt scotch from a gold laden goblet while taking wisps from my ivory tusk pipe.  I felt a sudden longing, nay... a subtle desire creeping up from deep inside me of which at first I could not define.  It was not long before I was able to deduce that this yearning was indeed my need for sustenance.  \n\nI thought to myself (self)... what shall it be tonight?  The same old rustic TV dinner eviscerated of all it's nutrients by the nuke machine?  Bland delivery pizza or stale Chinese?  NO!!!  Tonight we try something new!  So there it was, I embarked on my journey through Yelp to find a 4 1\/2-5 star gem that delivered, was unique and something that I had not yet tried.  Here I found the several previous reviews for Cafe Mayakovsky and decided to courageously give it a try.\n\nMy order consisted of the Chicken Kiev, mashed potatoes and the honey cake for dessert.   What can I possibly say about the nourishment I received this night that the great Russian poet Alexander Pushkin had not already said better.  \"My whole life has been pledged to this meeting with you...\"  Truer words have never been spoken.  Although the food tasted of a bit extra salt due to the tears of joy and pleasure streaming down my face as I enjoyed every last delicious bite... the Chicken Kiev was cooked to perfection, while the mashed potatoes seemed to be made with only that special kind of love that you'd get from an Italian immigrant mother or a rescue pet.  The famous Honey Cake that I'd read so much about was only possible to be eaten while humming a tune from the well-known Russian opera Pan Voyevoda by Nikalai Rimsky-Korsakov.  Which was doubly odd since I had never heard of or even seen that opera.\n\nSo the final and most important question.  Would I recommend Cafe Mayakovsky?  I think the late great Vladimir Lenin said it best when he said \"Crime is a product of social excess\".  For those reading this humble review, it would truly be a crime to not eat at this amazing establishment.