Throughout history, there have been brave men who haven't turned away from adventure despite overwhelming odds against them. Men like Shackleton, Perry, Byrd, Hilary and Adam Richman. When our waiter Shawn delivered the Roast Duck Poutine Pizza to our table, I knew I was setting off on one of those adventures. \n\nThe lady commented \"That looks like a heart attack on a plate.\" To which I replied, \"That looks like awesome on a plate,\" earning laughter from Shawn and doubling his tip in the process. Granted, the lady was right in assessment. This was a Man versus Food portion size of carbohydrates. But it was also a heaping helping of potatoes French fried in duck fat, melted cheese curds, roast duck and a wafer thin crust. The fries on their own were so perfectly done that the lady kept stealing them, despite the fact that she said her pickerel taco was phenomenal. The combination of duck, fry, cheese and onion though has worked its way into the top five on my end-of-year list of foods I've eaten.\n\nNot every thing was great at Bannock. The Caesar salad was more like Caesar coleslaw with the way it was covered in dressing. And the salad the lady ordered wasn't much better. The Alexander Keith's IPA was more Miller High Life than India Pale Ale, albeit that's LaBatts' doing more. But when Bannock connected hard, there was little doubt that the dish was a homerun.\n\nSadly, my battle with the Roast Duck Poutine Pizza ended somewhere between Shackleton and Richman's battles with ghost chiles. But that didn't stop the lady from wanting the S'mores pie for dessert (which was awesome as well, by the way). Shawn asked if we needed two spoons. I said \"one and a half.\" He then proceeded to one-up my joke by delivering the world's smallest spoon. I can see why this place scores an average of four-stars on Yelp, and I think that's about right. But Imma gonna give it five stars anyway. \n\nEditors note: After losing our creativity on New Year's Eve and seeing Bannock right there, we decided to put this initial review to the test. Bannock delivered again. The  back rib burger is what the famed McRib sandwich would be if it grew up, earned its MBA and set a course for a senior vice presidency. The pork shoulder fell apart like the Tacoma Narrows Bridge with a simple touch of fork. I've never been so happy to be a dullard.