Good karma fills the air here at Pizza Buddha, it's the newest pizza place located in the Carnegie Center strip mall along Horizon Ridge. The focus is on a \"zen relaxed\" atmosphere, with brick oven pizza and nuances of Asian cuisine (mostly the sides) peppering the menu. \n\nAtmosphere\/Ambiance A - It's trendy casual. Interior is Asian themed with splashes of Asian art on the walls and ceiling. (Love the dragon painted beam) The dining area is small 5 tables of two on each side. You can easily rearrange seating for 2 or more. The middle there's a longer high top table for larger parties. There is also seating in the small bar area at back of restaurant. The atmosphere is pretty relaxed, Easy Rock tunes (Brown Eyed Girl) was playing in the background.  No TV's though. Still it's a nice place for lunch or stop by after work and chill in the small bar area kind of joint.\n  \nFood B++ -  Now take into account I'm not a big fan of pizza lately. If you ever notice my pix at pizza places I dine at, I order everything but pizza most of the time...lol. But  for first visit sake I had some here.  All the pizzas are themed with Asian names, but toppings are just your average pizza toppings. I had the Ho-Tai(The Happy Buddha)  which was artichoke hearts, spinach, cherry tomatoes, garlic and olive oil. The crust was baked perfect, NY style, not super thin crust though. The ingredients fresh and good quality. The sauce was evenly distributed on pizza. It didn't overpower the cheese and veggies. I enjoyed the pizza.  It made me happy. \n   \nI also had the chicken salad. Thin strips of tender white chicken and napa cabbage,and rice noodles, the vinaigrette used was perfect for me, just slightly sweet and not too tangy and evenly tossed in the salad. I will most likely come here just to have this salad for lunch next time.  Along with the Japanese pretzel sticks.  Those were different. Tiny pretzel sticks with garlic infused chili oil to dip. \n \nPrices are in the moderate range, I didn't see any lunch hour or happy hour specials.\n  \nService A+ - Friendly and efficient. For being open just a few days, service far out exceeded my expectations.  My server was knowledgeable about menu items and was able to answer my questions. The owner Mark also came by and followed up and chatted with me. He takes great pride and rightfully so with his new place.  Loves everything about Hawaii and the shave ice served here is inspired by Matsumoto's.  It's not quite like shave ice from the 808, but nice attempt with the Azuki (sweet red beans) and vanilla ice cream.\n\nThe other fun touches....The Wish Book! When you are presented with your check at the end, you get a Smartie candy and a little booklet where you get to write your wish and insert it in the wish keeper that's displayed in the middle of dining area. My wish didn't really come true this time around, a 49er win..ha! I had a nice dining experience though, that's what counts.