Tucked away on a residential street is a most charming and wonderful restaurant! We made a last minute reservation to La Raclette to finally try raclette and after our experience here, were so happy we did. We were warmly greeted by our host, and seated by a window, which we had requested. Our waiter was extremely welcoming and explained how the menu worked. After receiving some delicious French bread and a jar of small cornichon pickles, we ordered the raclette for two, and a kid's fondue meal for our child, who was very excited to have gazpacho with it as well.\nThe German Beer soup I got as an appetizer was delicious and a heartier version of French Onion soup.\nMy husband had the scallop app, which was a thinly sliced raw carpaccio, very fresh and mild tasting.\nFor the main course, we were presented with a burner box and small square tray for melting the cheese. On top of the box were two small square dishes containing quartered boiled potatoes in one dish and sautéed mushrooms, red peppers and asparagus pieces, as well as a large plate of the cheese slices, thinly sliced ham, salami, dried prosciutto and a serving of a lovely green salad with thinly sliced beets on it.\nMy son received a smaller version of their fondue and it was perfect for him (as well as us to sample). He too received a dish with salad, some ham and veggies to dip and a basket of bread pieces as well.\nWe had so much fun melting our cheese and figuring out different combinations to eat our melted cheese with, and both meals were outstanding. Since we brought our own wine as well, it was even more enjoyable. The service was also excellent and attentive, with our water cups being refilled quickly (such rich food makes one thirsty, after all!).\nFinally for dessert I ordered the Chocolate Dome which was presented with flair and melted for us by our waiter with warm butterscotch. Inside the dome was ice cream, small cubes of pound cake and fresh berries on the perimeter. It was like a chocolate fondue without the pot!\nThis had to be the best dining experience we have had in Montreal so far and beyond the excellent food, we had such a wonderful experience visiting this outstanding place! If you are deciding whether or not to visit, seriously, go now, you won't be disappointed!