Do you ever get the feeling when you step into a new business and immediately know you're going to love it? \n\nSweet Lorraine's was like that for me. \n\nThis bakery just opened (though the official grand opening is on July 14th) and everything is not only made from scratch the day of, but they locally source their ingredients.  For example, the coffee, is roasted right here in Charlotte. \n\nThe family who owns this business haas such a tremendous story. Michelle told me she's a pharmacist, and her sister was a bond trader in NYC. After their mother passed away, their father sat down to talk to them about the importance of doing what you love. Michelle's sister went to culinary school, worked in NYC, and moved to CLT to be with family.  \n\nFast forward to today and their dream has come true! \n\nThe location is lovely and bright with big windows and a bit of seating. All the staff are friendly and genuine, and oh yes, the baked goods are simp delicious! \n\nI planned on getting only one item, but was tempted to get three. Since the sticky buns were so popular they had sold out and a fresh batch was being baked. So instead, I got a fruit tart, a lemon blueberry muffin and a banana pudding- type dessert. \n\nEach and every one of these was fantastic.  The tart was not too sweet with a nice smooth pastry cream base. The fruits were fresh and not over glazed. The crust not too thick either (some places make it like a hockey puck). \n\nThe muffin, which was recommended to me too was excellent.  Obviously there are real blueberries dotted throughout. But the muffin itself was moist, the top had a nice chew and clean flavor. No strange mouthfeel afterwards when you buy one of those packaged muffins, or ones from Panera.\n\nThe banana dessert, I only had one bite.  It was fabulous and creamy and flavorful, but after consuming a fruit tart and big muffin, I need a break! (I'll save this for after dinner...or as dinner replacement.)\n\nBottom line, I'm really excited to have Sweet Lorraine open here in Charlotte. In a city saturated with frozen yogurt and cupcakes and day-old baked goods pass as acceptable (I don't even buy the ones at Dean & Deluca, and even when the WF opens, they'll keep pastry in their case for a few days.) Sweet Lorraine's is a great change of pace. \n\nGood luck you guys...I'll be back for the cookies, breads, cupcakes and that deliciously shiny and golden brioche that was sitting on the counter. Mmmm!