Everyone wants to know, is it worth it? That's the big question here. You see that long line up and you're thinking, do I want to stand in that just for some tacos? Well, ask yourself a few questions. Do you have to be somewhere? Do you mind standing in whatever weather it is at that moment? Do you have patience? Are you drunk, hungry, and just don't care but wanting to get down on some greasy yet yummy food? Do you come from a place that has plenty of mean street tacos available?\n\nI've come to known Tacos El Gordo from their San Diego, Cali locations. From Tijuana, Mexico, to California, and now Nevada. These guys are definitely making a name for themselves across the border. We rolled up on a Friday evening, probably around 7:30-8pm. That was our mistake. It's as if we were waiting in line for the new roller coaster at an amusement park. My buddy who went to the store next door around 6pm said there was practically no line around that time. About an hour ish later, the hungry mob decided to pounce on the scene for dinner. We should've came earlier...\n\nThe ratchet crew of 9 homies were hungry and wanted some good ol' tacos. Good thing was that we had some rooms at Encore, which is literally right across the street. For those of you staying in Encore, Wynn, even Palazzo, or Venetian, this place is a short walk. For you inebriated post-club folks who just partied at one of Steve Wynn's venues, Tacos El Gordo is within stumbling\/crawling distance. On Fridays and Saturdays, they close up shop around 4am. Keep that in mind just in case you get carried away, falling in love in the club and time is just whizzing by. Other nights, I believe they close their doors around 2am.\n\nThe lineup situation is a little weird. It's not difficult to figure out, but is it efficient? When you get passed the front glass doors, look for the signs above each station. Depending on the kind of meat\/cuts, that is what will be available at that particular station. For example, the far left station had pork cuts. To the right were the beef options. There's another station around the corner too. If you want pork, then figure out what form you want it in and how many of it you want. Send someone else to another line to get the beef. You can cross order from the same station. Sorry, there's no chicken or vegetarian options here. It's all pork or beef. If you're getting quite the number of items, make sure to grab an orange tray. Sometimes there's plenty of it and sometimes their rare as $h!t to find. If you're by yourself and you want everything on the darn menu, you're practically screwed and will have a joyful time lining up in every single line they got. So don't come solo when it's busy!\n\nAfter you finally get all the food you want, you walk to the other side of the glass doors to pay. There you can order any non-alcoholic drinks. Practically only fountain drinks and some of the known aqua frescas stuff. For horchata lovers like myself, it's available and it's all self-served, refills A-OKAY all day. Being that it was a full house and I decided to get into two separate lines for food plus paying and getting my drink. I think the entire process took well over an hour by the time I was able to finally consume my tacos. As much as I love tacos, it's quite a long time for just tacos. Sure, the food here is enjoyable. However, if you have to wait that long for everything, besides trying to find a table and if you're rolling deep or kind of drunk, it can get old real fast. \n\nThe carne was probably my favorite while the boys loved the pork options. I waited extra in the around the corner line for some suadero and that was kind of a letdown. Besides tacos, you can get quesadillas, fries, sopes, mulas, and tostadas with the same available meat options. If you have the patience or if there's no line, then definitely give this infamous taco spot a shot. There's no hurt in trying it out. It's double the price of the street tacos I'm use to in LA, but it's definitely cheaper than many of the dining options in the fancy hotels that are located nearby. Personally, I'll only cruise through when the lines aren't so long or when I'm hammered and don't have any concept of time.