I heard about global minds through my cousin who sent his son here for many years (until he started kindergarten).  i came with hesitation as i was touring the school with the youngest of my three kids - to see if she would like it.  first off, my shy little girl found the school environment so friendly and inviting that i had to drag her out to leave that day, and then all she kept talking about was how she couldn't wait to get to her new school.  \n\ni have had experiences with my children attending preschool programs at various institutions locally -- including rainbow montessori, cherokee pre-K program, desert sky montessori, and i can say with confidence that Global Minds has been the biggest hit with my child, and for us as parents.  This school combines the warmth and loving environment that we all want for our kids with a strong love of learning and play.  my older boys (who are learning mandarin at BASIS) are so **jealous** that their 2 year old sister knows more mandarin than they do!  she is singing songs in spanish and mandarin, learning to count, and saying casual phrases in both languages.  she is so happy and never cries when we pull up in the morning, but just RUNS out of the car to get into the school.  My older children were upset that they did not get the chance to go to global minds themselves!  \n\nContrary to some of these negative reviews regarding Adam and his bullying tactics -- i have found that he is beyond understanding and goes out of his way to accommodate families and their situations.  when i signed up for the school - i forgot to pay the deposit, and it was actually ME that had to track him down and make sure that he let me pay (as i didn't remember the exact amount i needed to give him).  i was so worried that i would have lost my spot in the school - but Adam stated that he had held it for me despite my lack of deposit - and was very understanding about the situation.\n\nAdam and all the teachers at the school also helped as my daughter transitioned and potty trained.  before she started she was successfully having no accidents.  in her first week she had 1-2 every day!!! not only did they just help her adjust (and change her with the clothes i provided them) -- but since the second week she didn't have any accidents!  \n\nI can't say enough about this school -- just one visit and you will see for yourself!