Our take-away from our experience at Liverpool House was that it was a destination. It is owned by the same people as neighboring Joe Beef and shares some of the drinks and renowned Lobster Spaghetti on the menu. Once you visit Liverpool House you can cross it off of your bucket list.\n\nIt's strange. For such an expensive restaurant with delicious food and drinks, the interior borders on dingy. There's kitchy nostalgic pieces including a stuffed bird perched on top of a vintage soda cooler. The menus are written on blackboards on the wall. The are written exclusively in French. The poor server had to translate and recite the entire menu to us. Apparently she's used to it. We heard her do it three or four times while we were there.\n\nSpeaking of which, there were many English-speaking tourists at Liverpool House. One table was a group of four boisterous locals who seemed just as comfortable as the casually dressed employees. I suppose it was hard for us to wrap our heads around paying $$$$ for dinner while dressed in ripped jeans.\n\nThe portions of food were tremendous. Each of the three dishes we got could easily have been split between the two of us as a satisfying entree. We could have saved money and only gotten two of the three items we ordered.\n\nThe brussel sprouts were our favorite. They were perfectly cooked. Only slightly charred on the outside - enough to make them crispy - but soft and succulent on the inside. They were fresh and verdant when bitten. The seasoning and sauce were perfect accompaniments to the sprouts making harmony to their song.\n\nI got the lobster spaghetti. Apparently it's the same recipe as Joe Beef. The lobster easily slipped out of the shells in perfectly cooked whole pieces of goodness. The lobster portion was truly generous. It was so generous that I didn't mind sharing with M. Normally I would jealously guard all of the lobster for myself and only give out nibbles when begged. The sauce with the spaghetti was rich and buttery. It was a really rich and creamy and amazing dish.\n\nM got the horse. She'd never tried horse before and thought, \"Why not?\" It was served as a huge, lean filet mignon and wrapped in bacon. The server explained that horse is such a lean meat that it must be served nearly rare and with bacon because it doesn't have a lot of fat to stand the fires of much cooking. She was right! M liked it, but it's not her favorite meat. She agreed that this was probably the best way for her to try horse; however, it sure was expensive.\n\nNeither one of us was able to finish our entire meals. Early on, I had to prioritize eating the lobster and skip the pasta. M favored my dish over hers and gave up most of her entree and helped me eat my lobster. We agreed that we should have only ordered one entree and shared it.