Portofino's is definitely the neighborhood Italian go to for us! My boyfriend and I have gone here several times and it never fails to please. It is the type of Italian food that both Italians and non-Italians will appreciate because of the genuine taste. I'm very particular about my Italian food (because no ones ever beats my mother and grandmother's cooking) but they have the foundation of great food starting with their gravy (red sauce), warm atmosphere, and the generous portions they give you.\n\nEvery time I come to Portofino's I get the eggplant parm (since it is one of my favorite dishes) and a Lady Cello cocktail. I can rarely finish the entire entree in one sitting, and if I do I need to practically be rolled out. I am pretty sure they use an entire eggplant and marry it with gravy and cheese galore. Talking about this makes me want to sneak to the fridge and take out my leftovers.... ;) \n\nThough I stick to my tried and true eggplant parm, my boyfriend has worked his way through at least half of the menu at this point and it has all been great. His personal favorite is the shrimp parm. You will always get freshly baked bread with your meal and a lot of dishes come with a  side salad, and for that I totally suggest the house dressing!! \n\nThe environment is always casual and laid back. Some nights the dinner rush causes a bit of a wait, especially on the weekends, but we have never had to wait too exceptionally long. The service is not always five star but we have never had any significant issues and everyone has always been friendly. The quality of the Italian feast you get makes up for the sometimes slow service. \n\nKnow going in that this is not a high dollar environment and they are not aiming to wow you with white linens and crystal, however they do want you to get a real feel of what Italian food can truly bring you: an insanely full stomach, comfort, warmth, wine, cocktails, laughs, and a casual place to enjoy your family and friends. That's what Italians are all about. :) Try it out!