The worst experience ever! Went there for a few time, their food quality goes from good to poor.  The waitress has a huge attitude!  We are wondering why there's a minimum expense requirement for each consumer and the response was \"u should blame the people who came during special hour, shares one hotpot and sits forever\"! \nSpeaking with another girl about that unprofessional respond, she tries to explain about the rule, however, ignores the major reason of why I'm complaining, \"unprofessional response of the first waitress which leads to an unpleasant dining experience\", ask us about how the food taste.  Seems she asked, so we told them honestly that the food quality has dropped, the meat sauce is more salty and the drinks are not up to standard.  After awhile the cook came out and ask us what's wrong with the food.  My friend told him the same thing, he ask us, do you know what the ingredients are? Do you even know how to cook?  \nMy friend gets upset, she said, you are the one who ask how the food taste, we simply respond to the question with our true thought why do you get angry.  The cook said, I'm no angry, am I angry? I am smiling, didn't u see the smile on my face? and I would like to know that if you have ever cook before? \nI don't see how this is a professional response at all!  \nThey are looking for excuses on their poor customer service, downgraded food quality and the worst of all, the new cook acts as if he owns the restaurant, which we find out that he is a new hire who claims to have 8 years of cooking experience!  \nI then request him to leave as we do not wish to speak with him anymore.  We don't want to stay there anymore so we get up and make our way to the register to pay.  The cook run out to the register counter when we are paying, just to yell at us to never go back again! \nThe reason we complain is because we are not happy with how we get treated by the waitress and as a paying customer, And the situation got worse because we complained.  I don't expect to be eating downgraded food yet being treated like we are an uneducated bunch. I don't expect to be treated like a VIP for a $18.99 meal, but at the same time, there's the basic line on customer service! If you can't accept pointers then don't ask! \nWorst experience, a nightmare! Will never visit this restaurant ever again.