We went on a Saturday at lunch time and there were still tables for the 4 of us.  After we sat down, the place was pretty full.  Our waiter came by and took our orders but it seemed like she had trouble understanding us.  We spoke Cantonese as most bubble tea places can understand if not speak Cantonese.  So then we switched to English and she still had trouble.  We resorted to pointing to the menu.  My minced pork noodles came out first (after 20 minutes) and the presentation was nice however I wasn't fond of the fatty meat.  At other places, (I'm guessing because they aim to please Canadian tastes), the meat is somewhat leaner.  I also found that the egg was bland whereas the meat and sauce was way too salty.  I couldn't finish the noodles soaked at the bottom of the bowl from the saltiness.  Another mystery dish came out and we had to explain that we didn't order it.  We had to w15ait another 15 minutes before my husband's food came out (salted chicken with noodles) and that dish was just like other restaurants'.  The reason why I couldn't give more than 2 stars to this restaurant is because we tried to flag a wait staff down.  I got eye contact and she LOOKED AWAY!!!  I couldn't believe it.  We wanted to ask about my mother's lunch as we were almost waiting an hour now for her food.  I couldn't believe it.  We had to wait over 10 minutes just to get someone to come over to see what we needed.  Another waiter came by and he said that it would take 2 minutes.  We waited another 10-15 minutes before the curry chicken rice came out.  I mean, shouldn't that be already made in the back?  All you need to do is scoop it out of the pot, add some rice and the side veggies.  By the time it came out, we were all finished. Luckily our kid doesn't act up.  Chinese restaurants are usually quick in-and-out service but this took us almost 2 hours!!!  Unbelievable.  I wouldn't be so disappointed if we at least got some service.  That girl who saw us and gave eye contact then looked away should be given a warning.  Will I be returning?  Definitely not especially when the food and drinks aren't any different from the other regular Taiwanese restaurants we frequent.