As a disable veteran I advised people to go to another place than this place. Do yourself a favor and Run!!!#I moved out in october of 2015. I would of given them 3 stars before I got into the mess of finishing my contract and moving out. I marked it as 1 star now because of the nightmare that I've been through and still am with them in giving the full deposit.  \nWhen we first moved there we were promised lots of things that we didn't get. \nFirst off apartment did not look as the model that was shown to us.  The apartment was dirty everywhere. Unfinished panting, broken appliances. Dirty  stained uneven floor and rugs all which were out and signed on their paperwork. They took 3 months after we moved in to fix only some of the issue. (We kept having to call for reminders). Small example of the difference with be the model apartment had a large refrigerator for a two bedrooms apartment, we got stuck with a small refrigerator and we had the largest 3 bedroom apartment.\nSecond, I waited for more than a month for them to fix a broken dryer. They kept forgetting to come back like they said they were.\nThird, amenities almost always close for repairs or they forget to open them or they close sooner than posted hours.\nThird, when maintenance finely do their job they never cleaned after themselves. Example I came in one day finding my bed full of dust and shoes print when they fixed the ceiling fans.\nFourth, they were overcharging me on rent for 9 months. They ended fixing it without letting me know. Maybe hoping I didn't find out.\nAbove where the reasons why I was going to give it three stars. The only good thing about this apartment is the location. Other than that management ruins every bit of good experience with the lack of actions Nd they way they go about  things.\nThe reason I gave it a one star is because even though, I complained and signed paperwork of issues they still ended up charging me. After 2 month of back and forth argument they stated that I was right and stated they will send me the whole deposit. After 2 more months of waiting for it I informed them that I still didn't get it they send it again and charged me $25 because I didn't receive the 1st check.\nThe reason I took long in righting a review is because still up fighting this shenanigans. \nI promise this are only highlighted problems there are far more issues I can state. \nAm consulting my lawyers at this point. Be aware stay away from this place.\n\ni will continue to post my evidence as i find them and update this post.