Okay - we made it back to Dooby's for dinner on a Friday night after work. My memory of the food from Dooby's had me excited for a second try. Well, we walk in around 8 and the place is pretty full, but plenty of seating remained. The waitress told us to sit 'wherever' - we chose a spot near the window so not to be on display in the rather open seating area...\n\nI squinted at the beer taps and didn't see any of my old standbys, so when our waitress made her way over to the table I asked what was on tap. She rattled off a few, and I picked one. My girlfriend ordered a soda. My beer took FOREVER. Forever! This is a major pet peeve of mine - when I sit down, I want to start drinking, soon. I realize waiters\/waitresses are often slammed - I've been in their shoes, so I try to cut them some slack. But this time, my waitress was only 15 feet from me and was flirting up a storm with a couple oafs at the bar. Serious, I was making evil-eye contact with her trying my best to emit my ESP rendering of  \"BRING MY EPHIN BEER\". Eye contact was continuously made with little regard for my parched state. Seriously, get me drinking and I am much more likely to forgive your crappy service!\n\nSo, my beer arrives - and I swear to god the pint glass looked as if one of the oafs had taken a few fat gulps before it meandered its way to my table. Come on - several dollars for a pint, I want a pint dammit! The glass is 5\/8ths full will not cut it! I'm not the type to complain at restaurants - again, I've been there, so I try to cut them slack, so I just took a deep breath and let it go. (While drafting my 'yelp the crap outta you!' rant in my head)\n\nI ordered the Gyro dinner and my sweetie had the falafel platter. I love gyros. We were given the option of soup or salad - I asked what the soup was. It was lentil, so I eagerly said soup! My answer was greeted with a vacuous stare from our waitress. I repeated soup.... To which I got a Bill and Ted's style \"OOOoooooh\". WTF.\n\nA few minutes later, she comes back and says \"salad will be okay, right?\". I love being told what will be okay - serenity now! \n\nThe salad arrives, and it's a medley of minced lettuce, tomatoes, and other stuff. I hate tomatoes. If I can pick them out, its ok, but there were hundreds of little cubes in there. Gross - sorry. I wanted lentil soup after all...  Later when the waitress picked up my untouched salad I noted her lack of observation or care that I didn't touch it. At least pretend? \n\nSo, our food finally comes, and I dig in. Meh. The gyros are pretty plain frankly, not bad but plain. There were some pita wedges and like seriously a teaspoon of humus. A TEASPOON!?!?! I like a teaspoon per bite! \n\nI'm done with Dooby's at this point - and then out of nowhere comes  \"LA LA LA LA LA\" Clank! Clank! Clank! A belly dancer comes running out clanging those shrill finger cymbals and the music begins to blast. Ugh. There goes the pleasant conversation! It was at least a warm atmosphere before - but now its loud and there is a large woman shaking and shrieking about the place. Soon the belly dancer makes her way to our table and starts wobbling her gut within inches of our plates. We try not to pay attention to her, just trying to eat here. She moves on, but within minutes, she's back and tells us \"come on guys! Get up and dance!\" Seriously, I'm eating; I'm not thrilled about being accosted by a freaking belly dancer in Mesa Arizona. This isn't Peter Piper Pizza Dooby, and it didn't seem the other patrons were really digging it either. \n\nMy bill was $35 bucks - I'm not a cheap ass but seriously that's insane for what I got - remember, a teaspoon of humus. $10 and it might have been a good value.\n\nSo, bottom line - I had terrible service, a sub-pint of beer, marginal gyros and a jello-belly gypsy all up in my face at Dooby's. Not impressed, and not going to be returning.