We had family in from out of town and it just seemed like too much work to cook for 12 on Easter so we made a reservation at Claim Jumper. \nOur table was all set up and ready for us before our scheduled reservation time, so we sat quickly and was able to start getting our cocktail orders in. \nThe bread. Oh good gosh, that bread. I couldn't stop eating it. \nIt's as if they combined crack and yeast then tossed on some butter and cheese. \n\nI ordered the portabella mushroom sandwich with fries. I've had it before and it's never disappointed. But, I took one bite and the whole table could see something was wrong. It tasted horrible and had a thick slime. UGH. \nSo I motioned for the server who quickly asked what she can bring me instead. Since I was torn between the mushroom sandwich and the pulled chicken sandwich, I ordered that. It came out in a hurry and was fantastic. \n\nMy brother ordered a steak med-rare, unfortunately it was VERY well done. If you wanted a well done steak you may actually think they cooked it too much. So naturally he asked for a new one. The manager brought out a new one pretty quickly and my brother cut into it then asked the manager what cut it was. The manager quickly responded \"rare\". It was bright red and bloody. \nAt this point, everyone was half done with their dinners so he simply said, no need to bring out a third steak or toss this back on the grill.  \n\nMy mother ordered shrimp and ribs. The ribs looked fantastic. The shrimp which she asked to be very well done, was undercooked. So she had to get new shrimp. \n\nSo why the 4 stars? The manager Tim.\n\nThey could have just recooked our food and barely acknowledged their errors, but he was fantastic. He kneeled down next to me so I could clarify some errors and ensure him we're not trying to be difficult but his kitchen screwed up big time. He adjusted our check and sincerely apologized. \n\nOur server was sweet. I can't for the life of me remember her name. but I'm sure she won't soon forget our table. I appreciated her responding so quickly to our issues and getting them resolved. \n\nWe've been here many times before this and will continue to come back. Hopefully the kitchen got a stern lecture. \n\nBut, honestly, if it wasn't for Tim, I think the experience would have left such a negative impression, I probably wouldn't have been in a rush to come back. But, given how great the whole front of the house staff is, we'll be back for sure!!