Wanted to check my review! The manager called me and had me go in and took great care of me! \n\n\nSad to write this since I really wanted this to be our local Mercedes location since we've moved to Gilbert Arizona for the past month I've been trying to get my car serviced due to the fact that my steering wheel does not go up and down. Previously in the service department I work with a guy named Dan Who was very helpful but I was notified that he was promoted so I had to deal with a person named Dylan for my future service needs. after the third time I came in today to realize that the date that they set up for me was not the correct one and due to the fact that twice I was not able to get a loaner car due to insufficient number of cars they have available at this location.  Last time I was notified that there would be no cars available was at 10 PM by Dylan the night before my service appointment  was at 8 AM the next day then I was told to come in at 10:30 AM on Monday which was the next available appointment time which happens to be today went in again and I was notified that it was not this Monday was the Next. When asked to talk to Dylan he notified me that it was my mistake not his that he told me the specific date which is completely false why would I take a service date that's two weeks down the line after t was changed on me 2 times already!!! where my car is already 400 miles over the 10,000 mile mark. I'm even OK with that let's say it is my fault let's say I'm the one that made the mistake which I know it's not since I entered it in my calendar the night that I spoke with Dillon again! he then goes on to tell me that it was my fault because he knows specifically that he told me the date even though he had no idea who I was when I walked in there it's all good but customer service is key specially when it comes to luxury vehicles I don't have to beg for you guys to charge me $250 to do the service on my car that's a lease that technically belongs to MB USA to top it off for Dillon to have the audacity to sit there and actually blame me just goes to show you how amazing customer service at Gilbert of Mercedes is! I have not purchased a vehicle here so I'm not sure about the sales department but for sure the last time I'll set my foot in the service department I'll drive 45 minutes to go to Scottsdale but at least I'll be treated with respect and know that when I do make an appointment and I show up they actually expect me there.