Situated in the ground floor of the city's Four Seasons Private Residences, it can be a little hard to find! But don't let them fool you because the restaurant has a great menu that needs to be tasted and indulged in!\n\nWe made reservations for brunch at 10:30am, Saturday, which made us the first customers of the day. Since there weren't many customers, there were more people working (and standing) which made us a little uncomfortable at first. \n\nBecause it was our first meal of the day, I ordered English breakfast tea and my hubby ordered an Americano. If I remember correctly, I believe I got Earl Grey instead of breakfast tea because they didn't have any. I was kind of surprised at first, since English breakfast tea is like the tea-equivalent of coffee to many, but nonetheless, I didn't mind too much.\n\nInside Buca Yorkville, it is chic but warm; everything was immaculately clean and finely set out, which impressed me. The grey undertones of the chairs, brick walls, and the floor give it a sharp, chic look, but the bright warm undertones of the tables really shined through making the restaurant inviting, and keeping the focus on the table.\n\nBuca Yorkville charges extra for house bread, so we opted to try an appetizer instead of regular bread. I chose to try their squid ink dumplings, and we were both surprised to see that it was actually bread! Our waiter was very knowledgeable and told us how to eat it: break the bread, fill it with n'duja (spread), and enjoy! Made with squid ink, the 'dumplings' were puffed pastries that were hollow inside for the filling. What was interesting was that the dumplings were not pre-filled before they were cooked. In fact, the n'duja that was served along with the dumplings was what you were suppose to eat the dumpling with.\n\nI ordered their Carbonara pasta because I wanted something hearty and filling for brunch. Need that energy to get through the day! This Carbonara was very good, and was surprised to see a seafood version. I should've taken a picture of my dish before my waiter mixed the egg yolk with the pasta; it was so beautifully plated! About the food: the pasta was al dente, and it tasted heavenly. The noodles were thicker than what I'm used to, and what was interesting about the carbonara was that they used a hen's yolk (compared to a male[?] egg yolk). I'm not sure what the difference really is, and I'd really like to know. I can't seem to find a good article on explaining what the difference is. Anyway, instead of the well-known bacon, Buca also used smoked herring in the pasta which was pleasantly surprising. Smoked herring was quite salty and was a really good substitute to bacon.\n\nHubby opted for a much lighter meal for brunch and ordered their open-faced omelette with truffle. Served with some warm bread, the omelette was very rich in flavour because of the truffle. The omelette was tasted great; if you're a fan of truffle, you must try this! Burrata, the cheese used the omelette, is an Italian cheese made from mozzarella and cream, giving it a completely different texture from your standard mozzarella. All together, the flavours of the omelette was focused around the truffle, while the egg and burrata evenly supported the flavours out well. It is a light but definitely worthwhile brunch dish.\n\nAfter our mains, we hesitated but decided to try Buca's tiramisu. When we ordered our dessert, I wasn't expecting such a different version of tiramisu than we were used to. With layers of mascarpone cheese and espresso, this is not your typical tiramisu, and because it isn't, I can imagine that it may not be everyone's cup of tea because it certainly wasn't mine. The cheese was just too much for me.\n\nToronto's Buca on King St. West is very well known and probably a favourite of many of us. I personally haven't been to the original location, but I'm not sure if I have to, now that I discovered Yorkville's location with its seafood focused menu. Recently, Toronto Life announced Buca Yorkville as top best new restaurant of 2015 in Toronto! Did that persuade you to try Buca Yorkville? I can't wait to go back when I'm in town!