BEWARE!  Here is my PSA for moving companies!  \n\nSo we recently moved from Nevada to Texas.  We choose to use a moving company to try and make life easier with the craziness that the move created.  My mistake!  Here's what happened:\n\nI found Triple 7 Movers through a friend of a friend.  I also checked them out online and the reviews were ok.  I called to get the process started and got amazing service!  Everyone was happy, nice, and friendly.  It was so easy and smooth...I should have known it was a TRAP (Sorry, I have to squeeze in Admiral Ackbar whenever I can)!  After doing all of the preliminary work, I had a price quote and some dates for pick up and delivery.  \n\nThe pick up guys arrived on time and seemed to do a pretty good job.  I had a lot of boxes already packed, but they had to pack up some of the bigger furniture and the garage. They seemed to pack everything with care and somewhat efficiently.\n\nOf course once the truck packed up, the head guy told me that the guy packing the truck wasted a lot of space and he has to charge me for an extra 50 sq ft of space because he didn't pack the truck as well as he could of.  He told me he didn't have time to repack the truck since it wasn't a huge amount of space wasted.  This goof cost an extra $300 right there.\n\nSo these guys told me it from 5 days to 2 weeks for the stuff to arrive in Texas, depending on travel routes.  So once it hit 2 weeks and i hadn't heard from the company, I started to try calling to try and get a time frame on the delivery time.  I had to call and leave messages 5 separate times over several days before someone called me back from the dispatch office.  The person who called me then told me he could give me the driver's cell number and that i needed to call him directly because he couldn't.  Weird... I tried calling the driver, but didn't get a call back from him until he was trying to schedule drop off.  \n\nThe driver finally called me and told me he would be at my house the next day.  We set up a time and we were good.  Until he called me back an hour later and said he would be by that day ay 4pm.  Then he called and told me 5pm.  Then 6pm.  He finally showed up at 7:30pm.  That's when he asked me how many stairs i had to my front door.  I told him i live on the second floor, one flight up.  He told me he didn't care what flight, but how many stairs.  This was strange because i was supposed to get the first flight of stairs free.  He then informed me that 7 stairs is considered a flight.  My flight had 19 stairs, so i would need to pay for 2 additional flight of stairs to get my stuff.  That was $150 extra.  Of course i didn't have that much cash, so he sat in the truck and refused to do anything until i got back with cash.  I had to do it or lose all of my stuff.  I tried calling Triple 7, but of course couldn't get anyone on the phone, surprise!  I ended up paying the guy to get my stuff. Annoying highway robbery. \n\nThey then unloaded everything.  Some of our stuff was obviously broken.  They told us to just submit a claim and it wasn't their fault.  Sure it wasn't! \n\nThey were also supposed to put together some of the items like my daughter's bed frame.  Once they left, i found a lot of the screws just laying under the bed.  Thanks for your hard work fellas!  : \/\n\nAs we started unpacking, we found more and items that were broken, including a 2k treadmill.  I made a list of what was broken and then emailed my contact at Triple 7, since phone calls didn't seem to work.  I emailed several times before i heard back.  She then told me that she didn't do claims and she would transfer me to someone else.  The other person then emailed me and asked what was wrong.  I sent the list of what was wrong.  He then told me to fill out paperwork for the claim that he would attach to the email.  Nothing was attached.  I emailed back saying it was missing and never heard back.  \n\nAfter numerous unanswered emails and phone calls, my husband told me to give up because it was turning me into a crazy person and it wasn't worth the stress.  I am just so disappointed with this company and how they handled me and my stuff.  I ended up spending over 5k and feel like I was treated like garbage.  Horrible costumer service!  \n\nYou have been warned.