I'm giving this establishment a solid three stars. I have been told about this restaurant by others who really seemed to enjoy the food and the ambience. This is not a chain restaurant and it is off strip so I did not know what to expect. However, I have eaten at places such as Olive Garden and Maggianos enough to have a certain expectation. Unfortunately our expectations were not met.\n\nWhen we first entered, we noticed that the lighting was low and it became very evident once we were seated. Not only was it dim but the lights themselves are orange in color casting that orange lowly light over everything.\n\nThe menus are on the wall and most of your meals include soup or salad, the entrée, a side of pasta and a cappuccino.\n\nWe decided to split the chicken Parmesan for $30. When you split a meal they will tack on the additional charge. For our trip it was an extra $13 to cover the second person. My wife had the salad with Italian dressing and I tried the minestrone soup. Both were fairly plain. They tasted OK but nothing to write home about. Garlic bread also was decent but I would've traded for some OG breadsticks.\n\nThe entrée portion was nice and large. We expected a good size portion that we could split. They say the chicken comes out at 10 ounces which is fine because we each are comfortable having about five or 6 ounces of meat separately. It tasted pretty good but seemed a little thick and heavy. The side of pasta seem like something my eight-year-old would give me at home. The pasta itself was cooked al dente but had no flavor. The sauce on top was probably homemade and tasted good but not good enough to finish the small side portion.\n\nDuring your dinner you have your choice of white or red house wine. We tried the red wine first and our impression was that we were drinking communion wine at church. So we decided to try the white which was lighter in tone and had a little more fruit on the nose. Both wines could have been third crush. I would not have paid separately for these wines but they were included as part of the meal.\n\nMy wife and I both agree that the best part of the entire meal were the cappuccinos at the end. My wife doesn't drink coffee but she really enjoyed these drinks. They tasted more like hot chocolate then true cappuccino.\n\nAbout four hours after the meal my wife wasn't feeling so good. She had an upset stomach which could've been a result of not being used to acidic red sauces.\n\nI'm glad we visited just so that we can say we been there.