Early in November, my mother went to this cleaners to drop off several shirts to be cleaned, including 1 silk blouse (which happened to be her favorite top). She had a coupon, which they were ok accepting, but the silk top would be extra charge, as the employee there explained.\n\nUpon picking up the items, she noticed that her silk top was missing. She explained to the same gentleman that there was 1 article missing (on her receipt it said 12 items and she was only given 11 items). The guy told her that they probably made a mistake on counting. My mother explained that her silk top was indeed missing, which that same guy even told her a couple weeks before that was extra charge. She was patient and asked if they could look for it. She even came back later with a photo of her wearing the top so that it would be easier for them to search for it. When she returned a couple days later, the same guy said they didn't find anything and that even the manager looked for it.\n\nBasically, the guy gave her the run-around, making it seem like they looked, when in fact they never did and then kept telling my mother that she didn't drop off 12 items, it was only 11. She went back another time with my father who asked to see the manager. Of course, my father was quite upset that they kept accusing my mom of either lying or being delusional about dropping off that additional top. Later, I find out that the employee was \"scared for his life\" because of my father's anger towards the situation. Complete ridiculousness! The employee is a younger larger gentleman compared to my father, who is an older smaller Asian man. At this point, my mother was feeling really sad and hopeless, thus she gave me a call to help her situation, hoping that I could try to reach the manager.\n\nAfter hearing the news, I did a little research and found the owner's contact info on BBB. I was able to reach him by phone and explained the situation, which he was quite aware of. He explained that so many people lie and just want money from them. Absurd! My mother's silk top was over a $100 but we were not looking for money from them (which would actually only have been like $27!!! - basically 10 times the amount of the dry cleaning fee!!!) REALLY? Like we really cared about $27!!! I told him \"LOOK, my mother is NOT lying. She knows that she dropped off that shirt so I'd appreciate it if you actually went and looked for it. Also, her claim ticket says 12 items and you only gave back 11 items.\" The owner kept going on and on about how my dad was out of line with his employee, and how he gets so many people lying about losing or damaged clothes. I asked, \"shouldn't you at least give people the benefit of the doubt FIRST? and maybe at least go take a look at your warehouse to see if it's there?\" The owner wasn't even there when my father was in the store. In fact, that employee lied about how my father acted and basically made the whole situation seem like it was my parents' fault. I was pretty livid on the phone with the owner but I kept calm. The owner finally said that he'd go look in his factory for the blouse (after like 30 minutes of him explaining to me that people lie all the time and me explaining that there'd be no reason for my mom to spend so much time trying to get her top back and was even very patient with his employee).\n\nThe owner said he was only going to go look for the top because I \"seemed intelligent\" - suggesting that my parents were not intelligent and over-reactive. There were several times on the call that I felt he was a bit racist, making assumptions about my parents, about me and Asians, when he never even met any of us in person! I tried to keep calm though because I really wanted to help get my mother's top back.\n\nA couple of hours later, the owner calls and tells me that he found the top at the cleaning factory. He even said that it was \"like staring me right in the face.\" That it was literally right where he thought it would be! WHAT??? So they could have resolved this whole situation IF they actually went to go look for the top? He kept going on and on about the little details of the top. I knew it was the right top because it's a pretty unique color\/pattern, cut, brand, etc. but he kept going on and on about the fabric, color, and even SIZE! I think I mentioned to him that the size was a medium or large before but he clarified that it was a size 10, which he stated that it was \"not a small woman size.\" Wow! He had the nerve of disrespecting my mother AGAIN by calling out how she was not a small-sized woman. Finally, the call ended, after about 20 minutes of him making excuses about why they don't look for missing items and this rarely happens, and BARELY apologizing. \n\nMy mother finally got her top back but of course would never go back.\n\nWorst owners\/workers I've ever dealt with at a service related company. Please be warned that these people don't care about you and the owner is very disrespect