As a grownup--and a scientist, I have mixed feelings about the Carnegie Science Center.  On the one hand, they have some cool exhibits.  My favorites are the miniature railroad (a given, since I'm a railfan), the robotics exhibit (a given, since I'm a scientist), and the USS Requin submarine.  The fish tanks are nice, but nothing to write home about (my dad's reef tank is more interesting).  The rest of the exhibits are pretty forgettable--though it is kind of fun to go for a ride in the earthquake simulator the first time.  \n\nIn general, I have to agree that the exhibits are lighter on the science end than I'd like.  As a kid, I probably would have found this place to be pretty fun.  As it were, growing up near Philly, I went to the Franklin Institute several times on field trips, which I feel has better exhibits overall.  I can't comment on the planetarium or IMAX theater, since I haven't seen a show in either of them (though the FI had these, too).  I don't really get the hype about the SportsWorks complex--but then again, I'm not a kid.\n\nI'd probably be willing to award 4 stars if it weren't for a 21+ night I attended.  Although I attended a different one than Lauren B., I was similarly underwhelmed.  The one I attended was wine and cheese themed, and for an event with that theme, my friends and I were dumbfounded by the lack of...wine and cheese.  They had a science of cooking demonstration focused on cheesemaking that was engaging, but at the end, we received only a very tiny sample of the cheese (think less than 1\" long).  I would have thought they would have made up extra cheese aside from the cheese they were cooking for the demo so that hungry audience members (i.e., us) could have larger pieces or seconds.  As for the wine, they had a guy from a winery in Carnegie give a virtual tour, but I found the tour part too long and drawn out and too light on the science (which they only discussed at the very end).  To my astonishment, they didn't even have samples to offer!  While wine was available for purchase, the offerings were quite limited, and I seem to recall a similar problem with running out toward the end.  My friends and I left disappointed, and headed to a restaurant in Bloomfield to quell our hunger and thirst.\n\nOverall, while they have a few interesting exhibits, this is one of the two weaker Carnegie Museums in PGH (the other being the art museum), at least for adults.  Young kids, on the other hand, would probably love it.  3.5 stars.