Review for Dr Joe Willardsen\nat True Dentistry | TrueDentisty.com\n\nI really really like Joe. He's true to his word. \"It's not over till you are satisfied.\" \nMy porcelain veneers took over 9 months to complete. Joe never complained; in fact, he kept up a spirited sense of adventure 'this is fun.' And that made me feel good.\nMy case was difficult because I have teeth which have been darkened, stained and are somewhat soft and unsupportive of veneers. Dr. Joe (as he is fondly called by his staff) found ways to work with all of this.\nDr. Joe Willardsen is tall, handsome and confident. But at the same time Joe is humble, takes on each new case as individual case, and feels deeply for his patients. Know that Dr. Joe attends probably 12 seminars a year on how improve his already vast knowledge of cosmetic dentistry - which is important to you! For this is how the best stay the best. No matter what arcane dental question I asked Dr Joe, he knew a lot about it, in the full sense of understanding, and could elucidate very fine, very subtle points.\nDr Joe probably handles more cosmetic dentistry patients in 1 week than 95% of Las Vegas dentists see in 1 year. That's a fact. \nWhen Dr Joe works in your mouth his technique really shines - his moves are efficient, fast, strong, incredibly accurate without ever hurting or inflicting pain unnecessarily on you. Dr Joe can work 10 hours a day 5 days a week at super top notch level. You will be given perfect unparalleled attention and work. Count on it.\nDon't think for a moment Dr Joe's clientele are push overs. His patients are rich, picky, knowledgeable individuals who demand the absolute best. Dr Joe delivers again and again and again.\nI believe Dr Joe is 3rd generation dentist. And it shows. His confidence, expertise, work ethic and knowledge are without parallel to any other dentist I have known or been a patient of.  \nThe staff at True Dentistry are incredible. From Gaylene at front point desk to Karen and Melissa in the office and every single assistant (I want to thank Leona, Charlene, Valerie - Melissa even made me a temporary one day when mine broke and Joe was out of town). Dr Joe's staff are the finest you will ever know. Plus they are fun to work with, and highly spirited like Dr Joe. For Joe rules by inspiration, not the iron fist.\nWe had a great time. And I want to thank Dr Joe and everyone at his office for helping me. I am sure I made a dent in their bottom line with my lengthy treatment, but everyone at the office followed Dr Joe's lead and gave me their absolute best.\nWhat this long review means to you, is, Dr Joe Willardsen has a 100% success rate. With 95% of his cases batting home runs out of the park absolute perfectly great work. 3% are probably very very good. And maybe 2% of his cases are unusually hard, like mine - which Dr Joe worked and worked on till the results were outstanding and unique!\nDr Joe's prices are no more than any other dentist in Las Vegas. And when you factor in Dr Joe's expertise, and never-give-up attitude, you are actually getting a very very good deal. IF Dr Joe practiced in Hollywood, he could easily charge 3X what he does and get it. So rest assured, not only is True Dentistry providing the best cosmetic work in Las Vegas, it's at bargain prices. The wealthy well-traveled all know this; and that's why they all go to Dr Joe Willardsen!\nKeep up the great work.