I arrived at Khyber Halal on a Friday for an early dinner and my first experience with Afghani food.  But to my incredible astonishment, the owner (and coincidentally the first employee I met here) is a former high school classmate of mine.  Bilal Safi and I were not only classmates but also played on our high school basketball and football teams together.  Bilal and his sister Fahima actually co-own this mashup of Afghani, Pakistani, Indian, and even American cuisines (emphasis on the Afghani portion) on the southwest corner of 24th Street & Indian School.  I'd been eyeing this place for a visit for awhile, but now that I knew Bilal's family were running the show, I was pretty excited to give it a go.\n\nThe restaurant itself is pretty unassuming but comfortable with seating for maybe 40 inside.  Here you can order food to go up front or grab a seat and a server takes care of you.  Although I've become more knowledgable about food from the Middle East and African regions in recent years, I really had no clue what to expect when it came to Afghani cuisine.  I took a passing glance through Wikipedia to read up a little on Afghani food in advance so I at least had some idea of what to look for.\n\nTo start things off I ordered a glass of Dooge.  It's a cold yogurt based drink mixed with chopped up mint leaves.  It's not as thick as yogurt but has a somewhat similar texture.  The mint adds an extra cooling sensation to the tongue.  Flavor-wise its a little unusual, but then again that's why I'm here.  Bilal warned me in advance that the portions here are on the large side so I skipped the appetizer and went straight for Afghani food 101.  The Qabuli Pulaw is apparently widely considered to be the national dish of Afghanistan, so what better place to start?  At the base of the dish is Pulaw rice, which is white rice cooked with meat stock, carrots, raisins, and herbs and I think I even picked up a hint of pistachio.  Next to the rice is a healthy portion of chopped salad with cucumbers, tomatoes, lettuce, and a little cilantro as well.  Atop the rice, a footlong meat kabob of seasoned ground beef.  The dish bears a resemblance to similar kabob dishes I've had various Middle Eastern restaurants, but the rice here stands out on its own.  I think its the raisins that really make this dish stand out, adding a subtle and pleasant fruity component.  Coupled with the salad and meat, the Qabuli Pulaw is a solid dish and a great gateway dish for those unsure as to whether they'd really enjoy Afghani food.  If you need a starting point, start with this dish.  Having enough room for dessert, I decided to try the Rusmalai.  I'd read up a little on this dish and ordered it mainly because of how unusual it sounded.  Basically its flatted balls of cheese curd soaked in cow's milk cream, and flavored with cardamom.  From there the flattened balls are cooked in milk, sugar, and rice pudding.  Here they come two flattened balls to an order, still doused with cream.  How to describe this.  Its a sort of sweet spongey, chunky, chewy, dairy bomb.  I actually really liked the cream in this dish, though the texture was certainly a new one on me.\n\nTotal cost for the food, drink, tax, and tip came to about $23.  I will say I'm still processing some of the experience as both the Dooge and the Rusmalai were completely new to me.  But the Qubuli Pulaw was an absolutely excellent main course.  Along with Afghani specials here, you'll find several other rice dishes along with curries, kabobs as well as some wraps and fried fish options.  There really are a lot of ways to branch out here while still eating something inherently comfortable and familiar.  Or you can go way outside the box on certain items as I did.  Bilal and Fahima delivered an interesting and tasty meal for me to try this go around, and I suspect they will next time too.  Great to see a fellow Central Bobcat giving the community a great go to spot.  Even if its origins are halfway around the globe.