This place used to be in Monona and was called Kim's Noodles. They were getting good business out there and moved to the new location. \n\nWhen it was still Kim's and when Viet Bistro first opened, it was great. The food was good and they gave good sized portions at a fair price. I'm not sure what the owner is trying to do, but every time I go there the portions get smaller and smaller and they try to cover it up by making the food look fancy and upscale. \n\nSorry, but you can't have crappy service, decent food, and small portions and expect to have happy customers. They get my order wrong every time I go there, even when it's not busy. Who serves an appetizer after the main course? I remember the days when they served good food at a reasonable price, now an order of calamari is 7 bucks and you get four pieces on top of wilted lettuce. The egg rolls are the size of my middle finger and I forget how much they cost because I never get them. \n\nI always get the #1 pho and the Viet Bistro bahn mi. The pho is usually decent, it's good but nothing amazing. Rarely is it awesome, but I have been there when the broth was killer, even in recent times. I think it just depends on the chef. The pho portions are ok if it's not super busy. If it is busy, you're better off ordering a small bowl and at least getting your money's worth. Otherwise they will skimp you if you order a large or extra large if it's busy. The bahn mi used to be made with pate and they were good. Now they put scrambled eggs on it. I'm not Vietnamese but I have never had a bahn mi with scrambled eggs on it. \n\nI really think the owner is trying to make it into a place that it's not, and he's ruining something that used to be good. If I were him I would just stick to making the dishes authentically as possible and offer them with good portions at a reasonable price. He's better off building a strong customer base and having good food than to try to expand and do too many things. I'm very disappointed in this place because it used to be good. The only reason I go back is because I'm hungover and I'm craving pho.