I had the distinct pleasure of having my eyes given 'the once over' today at an independent optometrist location called eye couture. The space itself is EXTREMELY inviting and warm. The colors and furniture seemed like something out of a very swanky or posh hotel. The chairs screamed HEY SIT DOWN, STAY A WHILE. While the chandelier said get up put your black tie on and let's dance! For the weather to have been as bad as it's been the waiting area was impeccably maintained. Some place you would not mind waiting IF you had to wait, unlike a lot of the bigger cookie cutter chain stores. To describe the appearance in a place it would be a Miami, New York, or Milan  \n\nIn addition to the office itself, the selection was interesting. Kate spade, coach, some very sleek indies, as well as 'the usual suspects'. My better half was with me to insure that the eyewear I picked was \"appropriate\" and she went on and on about the selection; styles, colors, and name brands. Did I you tell that Oakley and Gucci are coming soon. Guess what, Oakley and Gucci are coming soon.  \n\nEnough about the icing. Let's taste the cake!  When I arrived there was a buzz of activity. Several people moved around the inside all in some aspect of the exam process. A young lady in medical attire and a man in some (what else would you expect) really chic glasses, greeted my wife and I very warmly. After a few questions I was prepped and ready for what I anticipated to be a long wait. WOW was I surprised. I was in the back in no time while the boss remained up front w\/a young woman w\/long curly dark hair. Trying on several different pairs of glasses. GREAT customer service. \n\nThe Doctor. Anita Chicon was GREAT. Very professional, courtesy, AND thorough. She took her time with me and went over every step of the exam. While there were other people in the waiting room she never made me feel rushed or hurried. Kudos. They accepted my insurance and processed my paperwork lickity split. Based on my exam today. I see a lot more trips to eye couture.  I always say. I vote w\/my $$ and my feet. Eye couture, expect to see  more of me my $$ and my clan!!! You make  THIS look GOOD!!!