Vegas is almost like my home away from home. It's where I've spent nearly every 3+ day weekend growing up but I've always stayed on the strip. I've heard that the downtown area is quite charming and that there is zip lining available but it was never enough to pull me away from the main strip. After much thought and consideration, I reluctantly moved my most recent stay from the strip to Fremont St.\n\nI had EXTREMELY low expectations going in. I was expecting a no-frills set up equivalent to a tiny motel you might find along a long freeway stretch between major cosmopolitans. When I pulled up to El Cortez, I saw it as a casino that was past it's hey-day and the decor looked heavily dated. Stepping inside, the place was dimly lit and I was hit with a pungent odor that I can only describe as depression and broken dreams; kind of a mix between stale cigarettes and an over-perfumed, musty antique shop. My heart sank a little. I tried not to show my dismay while I wondered how I would survive the weekend in these conditions and tried to stay upbeat and laugh it off. It'll be a experience and funny story to share later! The line was long and check in was taking a while. Since I was in a time crunch to meet people over at the Four Queens 2 blocks away, I left my belongings with my friend and ran off before I could even check out our room. I was even a bit envious at how much better the casino smelled and looked at Four Queens! But all that was about to change....\n\nPLOT TWIST!!!!!\n\nI hurried back to my hotel and noticed a text from my friend telling me to call when I came back because the room would be hard to find. \n\nSay what?!? Pshhh! He gives me too little credit, I can totally find it! \n\nOh wait, never mind. He was right and wins.\n\nI wave the little white flag and he comes down to fetch me and leads me out the back of the casino then across the street into a completely different looking minty-green building. Huh, interesting....He's gushing to me about how nice the hotel is and I'm just nodding along and not believing a word he says since I thought he was trying to be nice about the situation. Nope! Once I step into the lobby, it was completely different! The best way to sum up the description of the hotel and room is a very mod retro-chic boutique hotel. It's adorable, clean, comfortable, and spacious.\n\nSo what happened? Apparently, when I was booking our rooms, I had the option to upgrade to a larger suite (400 sqft vs 240 sqft) for about $5 more a night. Looking back, best decision I've ever made! By upgrading, that moved us from the regular El Cortez over to the El Cortez Cabana Suites. I was so comfy sleeping in our bed, everything was smoke free, clean smelling, and they had an extra fuzzy throw blanket (I love these!!). Did I mention they have a bowl of free candy every day? I mostly saw jelly beans, M&Ms, and starbursts (I may have hoarded the red ones...) - I appreciate that they had clean scoops and little containers to shovel candy into because my germaphobe side shudders at how many hands would have gone into that bowl. They also have platters of fresh fruit including apples, oranges, bananas, and pears. \n\nI would definitely rebook here again for any future off-strip Vegas trips and highly recommend them. The only reason why they lost a star from me were:\n\n1. Most airport shuttles won't take you here directly. Bell Trans is the only one that does for $8-9.\n\n2. I was left on hold for nearly 30 minutes by the front desk while making airport shuttle reservations. I was then told by another staff this would be taken care of for me. I would find out 2 hours before my flight that the shuttles were all full and they decided to contact me with a note slipped under my door and leaving a message on my room phone instead of calling me directly.