When you have to plan your wedding via the internet, it's terrifying. When you trust online reviews such as these on Yelp, it makes it a little bit easier. That said, I planned my Las Vegas wedding at The Platinum and could. not. have. been. happier!\n\nFirst of all, the staff that I worked with through the planning process was superb. They were friendly, professional, and quick to respond to my many many emails.\n\nThe hotel itself exceeded our expectations. Great location, chic vibe, staff willing to go above and beyond, and the rooms were fantastic. We had a washer and dryer in our suite, full kitchen, fire place, spa tub and stand up shower, king size bed, and a stunning view of the strip.\n\nThe restaurant on site, Kil@wat, was our go-to for breakfast as well as lunch by the pool.\n\nAhhhhh, the pool. Lounge chairs were abundant, direct sunlight was plentiful, food and drink was available, and on Friday they even had a live musician who was wonderful! He took requests and played some great dance songs, and didn't cost us a thing.\n\nWith 50 people in town and at the hotel, we were worried transportation would be difficult. The Platinum, however, provided us with their shuttles and called us cabs when necessary. Transportation was quick and efficient, and when their shuttles were in use, it was free!\n\nOur wedding took place on Saturday. We used a lot of locations in the hotel for photographs, every staff member reminded us to let them know if we needed anything, we ordered lots of room service as we got ready which arrived promptly and with a \"congratulations\" thrown in. Catering and the event manager were a dream to work with and would do anything to make sure our event went smoothly.\n\nAfter our reception ended, 30 of us wanted to keep partying, so the hotel called us a party shuttle (yes, shuttle!) and got us a pro-rated price to take us to the next bar we planned on attending. When we stumbled back at 4 a.m. the staff was still friendly and congratulating us.\n\nWhen we went into our honeymoon suite, we had a note waiting for us as well as chilled champagne, chocolate covered strawberries, rose petals on the bed, chocolates on the pillow, and a late checkout! Perfection.\n\nI could not have asked for a better place to host friends and family, whether for our wedding or any other occasion. We will absolutely be back!