So I was originally going to give this salon FOUR stars but I revisited before I wrote my review and have decided to give it two. Let's start with my first visit: about 3 weeks ago, I went in for a full acrylic set- I brought a picture of a pink and white ombré that I wanted mine to look like. Hanna said she could do it so I said great! I'm a mom of two so I was excited to get away for a little while, well my nail techs son was there at the salon for the day (he's four). I totally understand sometimes things happen and you're in a bind. However, he kept asking me the same question over and over and if I didn't give him a satisfactory answer he'd ask again. It was as if I had my four year old there with me- defeating the purpose of my little get away. He was grabbing my keys and cell phone etc and his mom didn't even attempt to get him to stop or go sit down. So all while this is going on, Hanna was trying to get the ombré on my nails to come out right, but no matter what she did it wasn't working. She kept adding on more acrylic to try and fix it only making the nails thicker. So finally she just threw some glitter on them (which I didn't want) to cover the imperfections. At this point I had been there over two hours and had to get home to my sons. So she said she wouldn't charge me since it didn't come out how I wanted. That appeased me and I thanked her and promised I'd be back. I gave her a a tip and went on my way- thankful that she did her best and then tried to make it right. Fast forward to this past Thursday and I went back for a fill. One nail fell off so I needed that one repaired. Hanna remembered me and after waiting for 15 minutes she started my fill- except she RIPPED OFF EVERY SINGLE NAIL and I literally mean RIPPED. She took a fake nail and literally forced every tip off no matter how fused to my nail they were. It hurt so bad! You're supposed to soak them off!!!! She barely spoke a word to me the whole appointment- and then charged me FOURTY TWO DOLLARS, when all I wanted was a fill. I have been getting tips for years and this is a first. I will NEVER go back to this salon. And actually after recounting both visits I'm changing my review to one star.