I came across Narami during its soft opening. Intrigued by the spacious layout and Ossington up-scale trendy interior, I decided to see what we had here. So so glad I did. The concept is simple: hand-rolls done right (and, I was told, a sake bar to come).\n\nEach hand-roll is served one by one. I'm informed that it's important that the roll be prepared and consumed up to a minute after the rice touches the seaweed, otherwise the seaweed absorbs too much moisture. This might sound pretentious and a bit gimmicky, but you understand why the turnaround time is important when you try it. The crispness of the seaweed is essentially a third (if not half) of the texture profile here. It contrasts perfectly with the lightly bouncy rice and option of whichever roll you choose (texturally, most of the options revolve around softer ingredients). Also, the temperature of each ingredient makes each roll feel refreshing and light. The coolness of the option against the lukewarm rice is lovely. \n \nThe hand-rolls, in the end, are simple. But simple in this case does not mean bare. The avocado hand-roll, for example, is turned into a guacamolesque (word of the year?) concoction complete with a kick of wasabi that somehow heightens the flavour of the avocado. Combined with the cool temperature of the paste, this produces a very unexpected and pleasant effect.\n\nMy favourite was the snow crab hand-roll. Unlike at other sushi establishments, the flavour of the crab here really stands out. You can taste the sea, which is an experience I love. It's based in a Japanese mayo and masago sauce which doesn't at all overwhelm or detract from the crab meat.\n\nI got the 3 Hand Rolls combo, but added the scallop as well as it was recommended to me. This one was all about the texture. It was based in the same sauce as the snow crab, but rather than the slight chew of the crab you got that fatty, almost jelly texture that I love so much in quality scallops.\n\nFinally, the salmon hand-roll is made with very well-sourced salmon and topped with chopped green onion. This was the least creative I thought, but still very good.\n\nThey serve the rolls with soya and wasabi, but honestly I wouldn't use either. The flavours here are so complex and subtle I think the saltiness of the soya might just mask them. \n\nOverall, an incredible experience. Will definitely be back.\n\nEdit: Came back. The avocado is now just slices of avocado, which I found less exciting.