I will start this review by first stating that our experience with Ideal Realty started off great and \"we\" never had a problem with them at all. Whenever we had a issue \"I\" emailed them and it was promptly taken care of. \nI understand that Ideal Realty can only do as much as the owner of the property will allow and any communication between us and the owner is through them. With that being said, Aiko is a very snarky and unprofessional individual. I would not recommend doing business long term with this company if the level of customer service declines with time. She was nice and professional anytime me and the other occupant on the lease went in. Spoke to us both kindly.\n\nIt wasn't until recently that my experience with Aiko turned sour. It was approaching the end of our lease with the owner so after speaking with the other occupant I called Aiko to ask a few questions regarding the renewal. (I called on 9\/22 and the lease expires 10\/1. I will also include we have renewed a few times before because we moved in Sept 2013.) It was unlike them to wait until the last minute, again something I know is mostly the owner. However it was the way in which Aiko spoke to me when I called that was the biggest turn off I have experienced.\n\n I have children living in that place and we were concerned what would happened. Instead of Aiko being understanding of our situation and calming things down, she stated that she spoke with the other occupant about this and that I should speak to him. I told her that I literally just got off the phone with him and he is the one that asked me to call. She said she only speaks with one occupant about things. WTF?! I told her that we are concerned because of the kids and since we never had this issue before we are not sure how these things worked. I further explained that if I am to re-sign the lease I needed to take time off of work as I work 2 jobs. I just needed Aiko to be understanding and help calm the fears we had but instead she was snarky and unprofessional even questioning if I actually just got off the phone with him. Like really?! \n\nAfter speaking with her and her insisting I speak with the other occupant, I called the other occupant and started explaining what had just happened when Aiko called him. Okay, so let me get this straight, you kept telling me to call him to get the information I was asking from you and you only gave me partial information but as soon as I told you that I was done with the conversation with you because I didn't like how you were speaking with me, you CALLED him and gave him the information?\n\n Then today, 9\/27 we get the extension on our lease and you again are SNARKY and state: So before a lot of questions are asked or all kinds of assumptions are made, we do not know the reason why for only a 6 month extension. The question was asked and no answer was given. \n\n Aiko, as a reality check, you are the middle man between the owner and the occupant. If the occupant has questions, they are going to ask you. Which you are then responsible for asking the owner and then get back to us. And us means the people on the LEASE. Your response above is out of line (P.S. this is copy and pasted) and you really do owe an apology.