I visited the pierogi truck with CM when it was at Arts Fest last Fri. at around 6:30pm. There were 5-6 food trucks lined up on Penn, and I didn't see the one that I wanted to try the most (Pita Pan PGH, a new truck). Thus, I decided to try the pierogi truck, which was my second choice, due to it being the only food truck without a corresponding restaurant that I hadn't yet tried.\n\nBecause I don't eat beef, which comprises the filling of the stuffed cabbage, I decided to go with the #5 special (pierogi and haluski; $8), and I opted to add bacon and sour cream for an upcharge ($1 and $0.50, respectively).  Because he doesn't like pierogi (for shame!), CM decided to order the #2 special (cabbage leaves and haluski).  We were both quite pleased with our orders.  The pierogi, which are filled generously with a mix of potato and farmer's cheese, are definitely homemade and not Mrs. T's.  I enjoyed their taste, which I found pleasantly savory, as well as their texture (on the softer side, but not overcooked, with soft filling).  While not up to the level of pierogies from S&D in the Strip, they were still quite tasty.  The haluski was more al dente, and was on the bland side by itself, but the bacon helped to liven it up.  I definitely recommend ordering the pierogi and haluski combo with bacon, since they provide a generous helping of it, and it helps add some additional flavor to the food.  Although I didn't try the cabbage leaves myself, CM enjoyed them--especially the sauce.\n\nAt the time of our visit, there was no line, so our orders were taken and fulfilled within 5 min.  This was a breath of fresh air, since I many of the other food trucks I've tried in PGH seem rather disorganized when it comes to taking and fulfilling orders in an efficient manner.  (Then again, I suppose I'd have to see how this truck functions with a line of customers to determine how efficient it really is.)  Service was friendly, and the price and portions were reasonable.  Overall, our experience with this food truck was very good, and we would return.