First I'll say the Venetian is a beautiful hotel... but it all ends there. We booked a birthday weekend for my wife 5 months in advance with our friends and pre-paid everything prior to our arrival. We were to get adjoined rooms. We arrived and everything seemed fine until the next morning. We get a call stating that the security deposit had not cleared... it's on a credit card, credit cards do not clear on weekends, we travel significantly so we know how this works. The front desk demanded an authorization number of the transaction, so I was forced to call the bank to get one (even the bank was puzzled by this). Eventually a manager got involved, apologized, and mentioned that they cleared it all up with the merchant (MasterCard, not even with the bank... even after having me down at the front desk for an hour). Later our friends arrive and are given a room 10 floors below us, and are told that we would be moving down to that floor for the adjoining room (information we were never told). They had arrived shortly after the security deposit fiasco, so we went straight to our room (not knowing about the 10 floor change), only to find our key cards did not work... down to the front desk I go again were I was NOW told about this change... 1hr later we have access to our room again. I call the front desk once again to speak with a manager to clear up the room situation. Due to them ALREADY booking the room next to us, the best they could do was getting our friends 5 rooms down the hall... whatever... we accepted that... despite the fact that this was booked FIVE months in advance for what was supposed to be a fun birthday weekend. We leave for lunch and returned to get ready for our evening fun in the town... guess what? OUR KEY CARDS DON'T WORK AGAIN!!! I'm furious by this time, spoke with another manager, who apologized and gave us $100 (per room) towards food\/beverage. Fine... I accepted that. So we ate at Tao that evening and used that money. We go back to the room... yep... you guessed it... our key cards did not work... AGAIN! The $100 credit was not applied to our room, so the dinner was charged to our room exceeding the allowed security deposit... spoke to yet another manager... this time, our resort fees were comped. So, for a 3 day weekend, 1 day was spend dealing with this nonsense over a room that was booked AND pre-paid FIVE months in advance ALMOST causing us to miss one of the shows that evening. Oh... add insult to injury... we arrive home... guess what? Resort fees were NOT taken out... spent 30min on HOLD to get the money returned. What should have been my wife's awesome birthday weekend was more of a birthday hassle. If it weren't for the shows that more than made up for this, our time in Vegas this year would have been terrible based on this hotel. Would I recommend this? NOPE! Most likely will NOT be returning here unless it's some amazing lucrative package... but even then... with LOTS of caution...