I have to tell you that it pains me to give the restaurant by this name such a crappy review rating. I have been to two others of these in southern California and they are both 5*s in my book (and everyone I go there with every time I go down to visit). So, maybe I had high expectations. But no, I think they truly earned a 2. They may not even have a chance to redeem themselves with me. First impressions are SO important. \n\nWe went on Friday morning pretty much during peak breakfast time for most that do not get up at the crack of dawn. It was about 930am. We fully expected a wait for breakfast and as we suspected we had one. The young man functioning as host had a rather unique method. He did not write anyones names down, he just tried to remember who was who and in what order, even as people filed in. I guess it seemed to work ok as we did not hear any fights and got seated in a timely fashion. (Thank goodness for being a party of two and being able to sit at a little table.)\n\nI knew ahead of time what I wanted to order, though I was concerned that it would be too huge for me, would take a long time to cook, and my leftovers would have to sit in the car all day. I ALWAYS order the apple pancakes. They are my favorite. I just love them. Even if they take 30-45 minutes to bake and are humungous. Imagine sauteed apples with a pancake\/cake batter poured on it with lots of cinnamon, baked in the oven. Yes, its sooo good. Usually. I was quite happy to see that they had a option of a Junior apple pancake, smaller version of the same goodness I usually like. They should all do this.  SG ordered a regular egg dish, which also comes with some pancakes. \n\nAfter about 45 minutes, my pancake arrives. BURNT! So, if I had gotten it about 5 minutes earlier, it would have been perfect? Ironic. I thought it would be ok, but I could not eat the charred edges, they just were too burnt. Steve's meal took another  5 minute to come. My meal is the one that takes forever and then its like they forget the other order. I noticed this at the neighboring table and blew it off until it happened to us. They need to time things better. My food would have been cold if I was polite enough to wait.\n\nOur service was also pitiful. I had to get up and get the syrup from the bus station myself. Coffee refills were few and far between too. But, we were headed to a ball game, so we probably did not want to have too much coffee on board. I did notice the service at the neighboring tables with a different waitress appeared to be much better than ours, but I can only rate our experience. \n\nWe will likely not be back here. There are lots of breakfast options elsewhere and I can save my Apple pancake as a treat for Socal.