Stayed at the Aria for two nights last week.  Was scheduled for 4 nights, but had to cut the trip short for personal reasons.  The building is truly an architectural marvel.  The spaces that have been created are visually stunning and really conveys a feeling that you are in a modern art museum rather than a hotel\/casino.  That is also the weakness of the property.  \n\nIts a little like one of those houses owned by an architect that is for sale.  You walk in and say wow, but you don't buy it.\n\nFirst the rooms:  \nI had a basic non-view room that I found to be absolutely wonderful.  The bed are the best hotel beds I have ever experienced.  I usually don't sleep well in hotels, I slept like a log in these beds.  The electronics enabled you to set\/control the lights, temperature, music, videos from one panel.  It is a feature that, while fanscinating, ended up taking more time learning how to operate than one would spend just flipping on the lights or pulling a drapery cord.  The sound system in the room was very nice as was the high definition tv.  I like bathrooms and the shower\/tub combination.  I was little disappointed with the room safes.  The small such that my laptop took up just about all the space.  Also there no charging outlets in the safe, like there are in the Palazzo for recharging electronics while they are securely stored.\n\nGaming:\nAll I did for gaming was the poker room.  The poker room is very nice sufficient number of tv's, the chairs were very comfortable one could sit there for hours (I did) and without feeling uncomfortable.\n\nStaff:\nThe staff in every area, gaming, housekeeping, bars, restaurants, front desk were wonderful.  They were personable, attentive and smiling.  I did not have a single negative experience with anyone at the property.\n\nProperty Layout:  \nThis my biggest issue with the property.  I used to rely on taxis in LV, but with the increased cost of cab fares and number of properties I see on a typical trip, I now opt for a rental car.  The property is confusing to navigate off LV Blvd.  If you use the valet, it is pretty straightforward.  If you self-park (so you can get your car exactly when you want it, the parking is at a different entrance.  From the self-park, you have to walk across the entire length of the property to get to the front desk.  Most hotels are designed with a central elevator bank.  Because Aria is laid out lengthwise, you wind up with long walks to get to other areas of the hotel.\n\nRestaurants:\nI ate at the buffet and the Skybox in the sports book.  The buffet was very good I had a couple of breakfasts there.  Two complaints, the first was the biscuits and gravy had a sweet taste that I found displeasing, the second was I had some sausage that were not hot.  I pointed out the sausages to my server and she promptly brought me heated sausages.  I had a Caesar salad at the Skybox that was wonderful.  Only complaint regarding the restaurants was the pricing.  $23.95 for a Saturday breakfast buffet (no booze) was on the high end.\n\nOn balance, I would stay at this property again, but it will never be my favorite.  The two best features were the beds and the poker room.