In my quest to try all the restaurants on 7th Street near my house, I decided to check out Pizza Heaven. Pizza Heaven is another one of those hole-in-the-wall eateries that you hear about via word-of-mouth. Oh sure, I can sit here and spout out multi-hyphenated phrases all day, but in the end, Pizza Heaven is a great little place to get a slice or two.\n\nYou can do just that. Their menu offers pizza by the slice. Or if you're in a mood to share, you can order a whole conventional pie. Each slice is individually baked, so you should allay those fears of eating something that's been sitting under a heat lamp for who-knows-how-long. They come out of the oven piping hot and delicious. The ongoing daily special is Two Cheese Slices and a fountain drink for $4.00. Toppings are 50 cents extra, per slice, which is still not a bad deal if you want to add pepperoni and still not break the bank.\n\nI first heard about Pizza Heaven when some of my coworkers, during their several-times-a-week (I'm trying to stop with the hyphenates, honestly) ritual of ordering take out, started to pass a menu around. Now, I may not be accustomed to traditional Italian calzones, but something that caught me off guard was the fact that the calzone came with ricotta cheese as opposed to mozzarella. On recent visits, I've specified mozzarella be used rather than their default of ricotta. Other items ordered by my colleagues included Angel Bread Sticks, Meatball Parmigiana Stuffed Sandwich and the Insalata Caprese. There wasn't one item that they delivered that didn't look good. The menu also offers a whole wheat crust option and you can order your pizza with soy cheese if you feel the need. Other items on the menu I have yet to try include various pasta dishes, chicken wings (your choice of Mild, Medium, Hot or the painful-sounding \"Suicide\" variety) and desserts which include Cheesecake and Tiramisu.\n\nI had actually eaten Pizza Heaven's dishes several times before actually setting foot in the restaurant thanks to their quick delivery service to my place of business. When I ultimately made it there in the flesh, the first thing I noticed was how clean it was inside. The menu touts that Channel 3 News gave them the distinction of  \"Cleanest Kitchen in the Valley\". I would have to agree that if the kitchen looks anything like the rest of the interior, then they keep things in excellent and sanitary condition. The restaurant has also been awarded New Times \"Best of Phoenix\" award and although I haven't tried too many other local pizza places, I would have to agree that the award was well-deserved.\n\nFor those of you who don't want to pull yourself away from the comfort of your couch and your precious XBox, you can have your food delivered for a minimum of a $15 order. Whether or not the driver will be gracious enough to feed it to you so you won't have to pause your gameplay is entirely at his or her discretion, and I'm sure will require a larger tip.