I was looking for a vet that specializes in rabbits. West flamingo animal hospital was a recommended place to go, by the las vegas house rabbit society.( Who better to get a recommendation than an organization that cares about rabbits?) \n My rabbit has some urine burns, fur loss, irritated possibly infected skin on legs and butt. Need to get it taken care of like NOW.  \n   Made an in person visit to west flamingo animal hospital to hopefully get a same day appointment , and set my rabbit on path to getting better. I learned that they do have specialists but they are not always there. I could make an appointment for the next day late in the afternoon. Not ideal, as I want the exam treatment NOW. I say alright lets make appointment. I am then told to pay a 70 dollar exam fee right now, before even getting an appointment. That seems rather unreasonable to need to pay before an appointment is made. That turned me off right away. They seem much more interested in grabbing onto my wallet than the care and treatment of my pet. I did read some of the other yelp reviews here, where some people seem to have similar complaints about the give me money attitude going on here. \n  I can understand that if a medical or dental place has problems getting the patients to pay after they have been treated, they might do certain things such as make them pay for service when they show up for an appointment, just before actually performing the service. But demanding payment before an appointment is even made? Come on. That is a bit much. It seems to indicate the focus is not the health of the patient, but the money. I was looking forward to establishing a good relationship with a vet here in las vegas that i can take my rabbits to when they need medical exams or to treat medical problems as they happen. This place does not seem to be that place to go for me. I did get a same day appointment at a place I have been going to for a few years for things like nail trimming. Not sure how well they are with actual medical problems, but I guess I will soon find out.