I am SO in love with myself for discovering the Bluebird Kitchen today. \n\nI mean, I have found a shining oasis in the midst of chain restaurant mediocrity.  Well, before I get too self-congratulatory, I should first admit that today when my co-workers and I went to Market Square to get lunch, I declared that I was going to hit Chipotle.  I may be a snob when it comes to restaurants, but I can appreciate a good chain establishment when I see it, and that one makes my short list.  However, when I walked through the door and came to the horrifying realization that the line was, oh, 4 miles long, I walked right back out with a \"Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope.\"  Not worth it.  But, now what?  Every place was crazy busy.\n\nThen, as though my feet were being guided by a higher power, I kept walking away from Market Square towards Wood St., and that's when I saw it: a little, unassuming sign saying \"Bluebird Kitchen\".  And then I knew.  This was The One.\n\nI walked inside, and my little hipster heart lept with joy as I beheld the giant chalk menus, retro-ish tile floor, window-seating counters, tureens of soups, bowls of fresh side salads, and plates upon plates of lovingly prepared assorted cookies.  There were only a handful of other patrons inside, but I knew the tidal wave was coming and I had to act fast as more people steadily walked through the door after me.  I made a quick pass down the line to look at all the food and hemmed and hawed over whether to get a Cuban, Turkey, or the monthly vegetarian sandwich for but a moment before deciding not to over-think and ordering the turkey sandwich, a side of the sweet potato salad, and a lemon crinkle cookie.  \n\nTurkey sandwich - excellent quality bread, right amount of meat, and toppings made it all very moist\nSweet potato salad - Delightful.  Sweet potatoes were soft, and the crunchy almonds and pears set it off nicely\nLemon cookie - Perfection.  Soft, pillowy, buttery, sweet but not *too* sweet.\n\nThe only thing that took away from this meal was my fault, and it was that between the sandwich bread, the potato salad, and the cookie, it was a very sweet meal.  I should have ordered something salty like a soup or chips instead of the potato salad to balance out the flavor.  But that's okay; now that I know this place exists and I grabbed a menu, I'll be better prepared for next time.