I had a hard time deciding on just the right restaurant to celebrate while we were in Vegas for my husband's birthday.  I am SO glad I finally chose N9NE, because it was incredible.\n\nWe got there on time for our 6:30 reservation and were seated immediately.  Our seat was a little weird table facing the back of the restaurant, where we both sat on the same side on a bench seat.  It was still cool, though.  It wasn't totally busy yet, so the fun ambiance didn't kick into gear for a bit.  It was exactly the scene I was looking for though - loud music, hot people, bustling service.  Fun and extravagant at the same time.\n\nNow, I should probably deduct something because the first plate of calamari that came out was totally rubbery.  But, as a good restaurant should, they promptly replaced it with a better plate.  I would have probably been happier had it been comped entirely, since I am apparently a calamari traditionalist and didn't care for the peppers.  But, they still did the next best thing, and that goes a long way with me.\n\nThe little brioche muffins were so good - I'm glad they were little and that there were only two, because I could have spoiled my appetite eating them.  YUM!  \n\nFor the main course I ordered the Surf and Turf (filet topped with lobster and drizzled with truffle aioli).  It was cooked perfectly (medium rare for me), and the combination of tender, sweet lobster, steak and truffle aioli was pretty damn near orgasmic.  \nMy husband got the bone-in filet which wasn't as evenly cooked as mine, but the portion close to the bone was fantastic.\nWe shared the macaroni and cheese, and it was absolutely perfect - creamy, cheesy goodness.\nAs full as we were, we HAD to get dessert, and I insisted on the doughnuts.  SO glad I did.  They were piping hot and fresh, and the caramel dip was over the top delicious.  They went especially well with the coffee we were drinking to ensure we could stay up as late as we were planning (we're old folks and usually go to bed early - but not in Vegas, baby!)\n\nWith as many awesome choices for restaurants as there are in Vegas, I have already told my husband we are coming back here next time!