The ONLY reason I am giving one (1) star is because I actually really like my doctor, Dr. Smith. Dr. Smith is kind, attentive and I truly feel like he cares about both my daughter and I. Besides Dr. Smith, there is NOTHING good I can say about this office\/practice. I have been coming here for about a year. Because of the specific medicine I am on, it requires almost monthly doctors appointments and I have had nothing but troubled appointment after troubled appointment. The staff will not return phone calls or emails. When transferring my records over to Dr. Smith I had to call the office nearly 15 (I promise I am not exaggerating) times over and over again. I typed up all my paperwork prior to my appointment, including my records transfer paperwork. Upon leaving my first appointment, they were to get back in touch with me the next day. I didn't hear from them for a week. When I finally called they said they had been leaving me messages because they needed me to come back in and fill paperwork out... NO ONE EVER CALLED ME. They then miraculously found all my paperwork and said they would call me back within the hour to reschedule an appointment to fill my medication, AGAIN NO CALL BACK. This went on for SIX (6) weeks before I finally drove the 45miles and sat in the waiting room for an hour to tell them how horrible their practice was being run. Even after that, they still managed to email paperwork and results to an incorrect email address and still couldn't make return calls. As of just 4 weeks ago, I had to again sit in the waiting room for over an hour just to wait on a script that I had called in for 3 days earlier and no one returned my calls. All the time sitting in the waiting room I had to listen to disgruntled staff talk about what a rough day it's been.... If my medicine wasn't so hard to come by, I would be gone in a heart beat, not because Dr. Smith is doing anything wrong but because all of his staff is going to make him lose his patients for all their incompetence. I would NOT suggest going to this practice. I am a single mother who works full time and lives 45 miles away. When I make a doctors appointment, I do NOT expect to have to take my toddler to sit for an hour in the waiting room and then sit in the actual room another 30 minutes to be seen. There needs to be a serious overhaul of staff new structures put in place or this practice is doomed. I have another appointment in 1 week... I DREAD having to go here and just know I am going to be sitting waiting another hour to be seen.