Azzip is an assembly line-style, customizable pizza place. I had no interest in coming here until I found out that they make VEGAN PIZZA FOR THE SAME PRICE AS NON-VEGAN PIZZA. Do you even understand how rare that is in these backwoods? You don't even understand (unless you're vegan): vegan drunk\/junk food in this town is limited to garlic breadsticks and water (Yeah, that's right. Fries aren't always vegan. Not at McDonald's, anyway). There is no stumbling to a kiosk down the block for vegan cheese-laden heart-attack-on-a-stick like we're in NYC. We are not in NYC, son. \n\nTrue, it'd be cool if vegan pizza cost less than non-vegan pizza considering the fact that vegan pizza doesn't require the cost of raising ACTUAL ANIMALS, but that's the USDA for you. I'm just happy that it doesn't cost MORE than non-vegan pizza like other vegan specialty foods do.\n\nWhen I found out about the vegan options here, I blew my phone the fuck up texting people who might be interested. I had to go try it. The food looked amazing in the Yelp photos. \n\nAll right. The pizza did not taste as good as what the photos looked like. It was not tasty, period. \n\nThe sauce was weak and not flavorful. The dough-- the base, the mother of the pizza-- was not good. It tasted like how play-doh smells, you know what I mean? It had the consistency of play-doh as well. I wanted to run away when I saw that they had pre-rolled a sad, flat looking piece of dough out, but I stayed to give it a chance. I only like thin crust pizza but this wasn't a crust at all. It was just unyummmy, undercooked flatbread. Good pizza should have everything on point from the bottom up. \n\nThere was no artistry in the ingredients either. At Chipotle, they have creative, proprietary blends of even their most basic ingredients. Azzip was nearly grocery store-to-pizza level of involvement. The sauces, the toppings, the spices were just meager and uninteresting. \n\nThe vegan chicken was also really bad... I've tried a lot of meat alternatives and have made my own seitan, so I can tell you that this chicken was subpar. It tasted like cleaning chemicals. The consistency was good though. \n\nThe good part of the pizza was that the vegan cheese was fantastic. Daiya is known for making great melting cheeses, and they delivered. This has nothing to do with Azzip's performance, but at least they carry it. \n\nAll in all, I would come back only because they can make vegan pizza. Not because their pizzas are made well. I added another star for this. Otherwise, Azzip would definitely be a two-star place. The food is not worth the cost, considering how basic and untasty it is.