When we arrived at McCarran Rental Car Center the evening of 7\/24\/2018 after a 4+ hour flight, we waited 40 minutes for the shuttle bus to take us to the Ace Rent A Car location less than 2 miles away.  The driver said that the shuttle runs about every 15-20 minutes and insisted that he had come earlier to pick customers up.  We and other customers who had waited with us can certainly deny that this was true.  The driver was a bit haphazard with our luggage, too.\n\nWhen we arrived at the Ace location, the clerk, a middle-aged woman with tattoos and an insulting attitude told us that the rental rate for the car we reserved was $36 more than the confirmed rate we had received at booking.  She also insisted that the mid-sized car she checked us out with was  the full-sized car we had booked.  She wanted to see the declarations page of my car insurance but condescended to use the insurance verification card I carry in my wallet.  Who carries the declarations page of their insurance with them?  If the card is good enough for law enforcement agencies, why wasn't it good enough for her?\n\nWe demanded to see the manager.  Brandy, who was the manager on duty at the time and who was friendly and efficient.  She corrected the rate and the car class to what we should have received in the first place.\n\nKevin, the lot attendant, was very helpful in setting us up in the car.  He cheerfully answered all our questions and went out of his way to be sure we were happy.\n\nWe had no problems with the car, and when we returned it, the shuttle driver, Leonard, who was just getting ready to leave for McCarran Rental Car Center, immediately said that he would wait and pick us up at the return area in back, where we encountered Miguel, who directed us to a parking space, the access of which was partially blocked by another car, causing me to still park between the lines, but not perfectly straight.  Miguel told me that I hadn't parked straight, as if he expected me to get back in and repark the car.  I asked if he wasn't going to move it anyway, to which he replied: \"So it's like 'F*ck you', then.\"  I ignored his comment.  He was also miffed that we had to take our luggage out of the car as if it inconvenienced him for us to do so and expressed anger that we had left the trunk open.  I paid no attention to Miguel and boarded the shuttle bus, where Leonard was extremely careful loading our bags.  He was just as careful unloading, and he was very courteous and made sure we knew exactly where to go and what to do at McCarran Rental Car Center.\n\nAce Rent A Car is lucky to have employees like Leonard, Kevin, and Brandy, but there is no excuse for the mistreatment  that the first shuttle bus driver, and especially the surly clerk and Miguel inflicted upon us.