I have never written a review, but I feel compelled to write one for the Marquee. From my experience, the Marquee staff is clearly racist against black people, and therefore regardless of everything else deserve the lowest rating possible.\n\nI got a table with bottle service for my little brother's 21st birthday. Our group had 7 people. When the staff came to escort us to our table, they let the 5 people that were not black in, and then stopped the two black guys and asked them if they are with us. The guys were clearly with our group.\n\nThen we show ID's. The girl checking ID's checks everyone's ID, and then when it gets to one of the black guys, checks the ID for a good 15 minutes, while the rest of us wait, on the other side of the ID check. They bring an extra person to check this clearly valid driver's license from Florida, while they harass us for waiting for our friends to get in to be escorted to our table.\n\nAfter that we got into the club, and by the end of the night, both of the black guys were kicked out of the club, with an 'X' marked in permanent marker on their wrists so they can't get back in.  While I did not see what happened, I know everyone in that group. They are long time friends of my little brother's and they are some of the coolest, nicest people I know. They are not the kind of people that cause trouble in clubs.\n\nIt is inconceivable to me that this was a series of unfortunate mistakes or coincidences. My friends were kicked out for being black and not dressing \"white\" enough. I expect we would have had less problems if they put on a white button-up shirt, suite and tie and tried to look extra friendly and smile extra big for the racist Marquee staff. I think the Marquee staff saw two black males and assumed they would cause trouble, so they gave them as much trouble as they could and ultimately kicked them out.\n\nThis was our experience and we had bottle service. One can only imagine how the staff must treat black males they determine are \"too black\" that just want to come in and have a good time. I'll never go to this club again.