So far, so awesome!\n\n We recently moved to Vegas and purchased a townhome. The HVAC unit is on the roof and needs something like a 30-foot ladder to get to it, so our home inspectors weren't able to check it out during their inspection. By all indications, it seemed to be working fine. We bought the property sight-unseen, and move from NJ.\n\n Once arriving in LV, and using the HVAC for a few days, it seemed that there was too small an amount of air coming out of our vents. We had 2 companies come over and inspect our unit. It turns out that the HVAC unit probably hadn't been cleaned in many years and almost the entire insides were covered in bird feathers and dirt. \n\n The first company recommended we replace the entire thing, as trying to clean it could cause more problems. They quoted us $6k and we actually decided to go with ahead with the replacement. What we had forgotten is that we bought a home warranty, so the warranty company called someone to come over in 3 days. 6 days later, I hadn't heard from that company at all and they didn't make their appointment, due to not having a two-story ladder. The warranty company then made the call to The Right Guys to come check it out. The lady who called me from The Right Guys made sure to ease my worries and said they would definitely show with a two-story ladder and take care of our needs. \n\nAfter some skepticism about there being much of an issue, Dimo hopped on the roof and checked things out. It didn't take him long to come back down with pics of the unit and it was disgusting. However, he believed that just cleaning it would allow it to function properly and wouldn't likely cause any issues down the road. He quoted us $300 (down from $400, if we did it then), so we decided to give it a try.\n\n There's definitely more airflow! We think we are going to have them out to clean out our vents, but so far it is working great!\n\n This is where our review is admittedly biased. As of right now, we have enjoyed each interaction, from the first phone call all the way through the cleaning. The problem may lie down the road if cleaning it does indeed cause more problems, but we will update the review if that happens.\n\n For right now, everything is working exactly as Dimo said it would and we will choose The Right Guys for our next HVAC work!