My boyfriend and I have been enjoying the Sheraton Crescent for many years. Two years ago we started the tradition of My boyfriend getting a room for me, my sister and daughter in law during Christmas season. This 4th of July we thought it would be fun to do a staycation with my son and daughter in law. Well....the overall experience was dissapointing. We wanted 2 Club level rooms but only got one because it was booked to capacity. My son and daughter checked into their 4th floor room only to find dirty underwear in the dresser and a filthy, uncleaned bathroom. Housekeeping \"immediately addressed\" the issue by removing the dirty underwear but leaving the bathroom dirty. A second call was needed. \nThe Club level was UNSATISFACTORY. Staffed in the evening by a man that couldn't care less that the hot snacks, crackers, etc were gone within 20 minutes - and since the hotel was \"booked to capacity\" you think it would have dawned on food and beverage to properly stock the club room for the full happy hour period. The club room attendant shrugged his shoulders when it was mentioned that the snacks were gone at 6:20pm. \"Oh, well it's over at 7 anyway\" he replied. Hmmm...it is advertised as 5-8pm.\nThe pool....what the hell happened? The handrail for the pool (supposedly there for safety) was completely detached and wobbled freely in the pool. The lounge chairs were sun rotted, covered in bird poop, and were literally on their last legs. Dirty towels, trash, hair ties, goggles, food containers lay strewn about the pool area. \nThe morning Club level breakfast experience was light years better. The attendant, Jose, busted his a**, bussing tables, refilling coffee, restocking hot\/cold food, getting clean plates, cups, napkins, etc. He was a one-man whirlwind of efficiency and hard work. The evening club room experience for the fourth, back to subpar service. No plates, no food, etc. I felt a bit sorry for the tall blond kid on duty that night. He clearly wasn't able to perform but I think he was set up for failure - he tried hard, but if you have to go to the kitchen for more crackers, that's a problem with food and beverage management execution, not the attendant's fault. \nIt would appear that the Sheraton Crescent is under new ownership\/management and that whomever is in charge now is doing a pi** poor job. The hotel had a number of volleyball tournament players and we had fun visiting with many, even players can their families that had traveled from as far away as Puerto Rico. Wow. This is what we showed them? This establishment and the way it is currently being mismanaged is a black eye to the hospitality industry. Its a real shame because this place used to be so enjoyable. We won't be back and will stear our friends clear from this place.