I rented a shuttle bus for my wedding to get guests from the Luxor to the Grove and back which is located 22 miles off the strip. The morning of the wedding I got a call from Ana saying pick up would be at main entrance which wasn't the prearranged pick up. I repeated to Ana that pickup would be at the main entrance not the North entrance, she said yes. I had to get a hold of 25 people an hour before we were set to depart. We waited for 15 minutes before I called back stating we were at the main entrance and no shuttle bus was there. She then said oh no the North entrance. All 25 of us made our way to the North entrance where again no shuttle bus was waiting. I called Ana and she gave me the drivers phone number. I called him and he said he was at the North entrance at bus plaza which was only a few minutes from where we were standing. We loaded the shuttle bus at 10:00. After driving for 30 minutes the driver pulled over and said that's where the directions took him. I took my phone with me to the front of the bus and pulled up The Grove we we're 8.3 miles away from the destination. I then had to sit on the floor next to the driver and direct him to the venue. Not exactly what I wanted to do on my wedding day. Once we arrived my now Husband asked if there would be another shuttle picking up the the rest of our guests since they were due to be picked up at 11am because it was now 10:48. He said he would be going to pick them up and he reassured us he could get back there with no problems. I gave him a $40 tip because I thought him getting lost on the way was a small mishap and he would be back with no problems. I informed the rest of my guests that the shuttle would be 20 minutes behind picking them up. I started getting calls and texts at 11:30 saying he still wasn't there yet. I told them I was sorry and that they would just have to wait because I was taking pictures and wasn't much I could do. I was informed they loaded the bus at 11:50. Not sure why it took him an hour to get back but can only assume he got lost on his way back. My guests finally arrived at 12:40 over an hour after the wedding was set to start. I was aware my guests would be late but they were 30 minutes later than I guessed they would be. I was told he got lost on the way back to The Grove but wasn't there so I will not write about that part. I emailed the manager(Richard) with my experience and also attached an email my guest wrote about the second shuttle and he just told me the driver said it took 36 minutes each way and that the driver had gps\/map. I must be the gps he's referring to for the first trip at least. I'm not good at math but confused how it took 105 minutes to return to the Luxor(36 minutes) and back to the Grove(36 minutes). On a good note the driver that picked us up after the wedding took us straight to the Luxor without any problems.