This review will be short because Fleming's is really one of those places that you just have to try to realize how good it is. Great service, wide selection of wine, and a fantastic happy hour. \n\nWe sat outside because we did not have a reservation. Pleasantly surprised that happy hour applied to outside as well! Everything is $6 each on the menu. I got a red blend (which paired up nicely with my steak) and the carpaccio. Oh man, the carpaccio was huge! Super unexpected. The taste was decent but the tenderness of the meat and the presentation was appealing.\n\nMy petit filet minon was pretty good but not mindblowing. It was the Fleming's potatoes that did me in...Layers upon layers of softness surrounded by a crispy exterior. My boyfriend ordered the prime ribeye and it honestly was the juiciest and most delicious ribeye I have ever tasted. Definitely ordering that next time. You get a complimentary sauce as well! I got the peppercorn and he got the chimichurri. Both were pretty good and the flavors did not overwhelm the steaks' own flavor.\n\nOh and the complimentary bread they serve in the beginning...Hot and fresh and comes with a cheese (bleu, I believe) dip and an herbed butter spread. I would have eaten more If I wasn't saving room for the steak!\n\n-1 star because it's a tad overpriced in my opinion for some menu items. The items are a la cart so when you pay $40 for a steak you only get that and no sides (unless specifically listed in the menu). The $9 Fleming's salad was probably one of the biggest rip-offs I have ever paid for. It was basically a few pieces of lettuce with one or two grape tomatoes. They tried to play it off as fancy by having a giant unique crouton and serving the bowl and salad fork cold. It was not worth it at all. I take tiny bites and the salad only took me 3 or 4 bites max.\n\nThe only reason I went there was because of my $40 gift card, which reduced the bill to $80 (two steaks, one HH appetizer, two HH wines, and a salad). Now we know that the place is solid so we'll come back for HH someday!