Trust me when I say this is going to be one of the best vegan restaurants you've ever been to. Actually, don't take my word for it- go and try this for yourself.\n\nI met up with my sister for a weekend in Vegas. We decided to have brunch before her flight and we truly left the best for last with Go Vegan Cafe. This location is a bit off the beaten path, but there's only so much of the Strip I can take in one sitting. \n\nWe arrived minutes after they opened and had the covered patio all to ourselves. (I believe I spotted air conditioning units, which is necessary in Vegas heat) Our server was warm and friendly and answered our questions​ about the extensive menu and provided great suggestions for our newbie experience. We finalized our choices to: the omelet and raw collard greens wrap. We also added the breakfast sausage because the server told us it was house made. \n\nI've had a couple vegan omelets in the Boston area and, while they were both amazing, they resembled more of a crispy crepe than​ an omelet. That was not the case here. With a fluffy, souffle-like texture, it was the closest thing to the real deal I've ever had. The oat-based sausages were equally amazing. (Double check with your server if you're gluten free) As a bonus, a little muffin came as an accompaniment to our omelet. So much bang for your buck with this dish! To my absolute delight, it ended up being a seasonal strawberry rhubarb and it was perfectly baked. It was a \"This is vegan!?\" moment, for sure. The collard wrap was refreshing to eat as we felt the desert air start to warm up. The crisp wrap and creamy filling was a satisfying combination.\n\nAfter our meal, we walked over to the register by the front door and saw the workers stocking the salad bar, in case you are in need of a quick meal. Another FYI, they give you stevia with coffee. I'm​ particular about coffee and think stevia leaves a bit of a metallic taste, but it didn't affect me since I carry around a travel size maple syrup in my purse. The coffee itself is cold-brewed, which means it's less acidic and easier on your tummy. Ever notice when milk looks curdled when you pour it into your coffee? That's a reaction to an acidic brew.