We had a blast. My husband I were in Las Vegas for an anniversary celebration and I decided to book this tour mainly so we would see something different from the normal LV Strip. Plus my husband was reluctant in going to Vegas since he is a outdoorsy mountain man type. This was perfect in satisfying both counts! It was something different and outdoorsy. \n\nGarrett our tour guide picked us up at our hotel right on time and entertained us on the drive to get the cars. We had a brief safety overview, choose our cars and hit the road! \nMy husband drove the entire time so I can't comment on the handling of the little cars, but he said it was fine, no big deal. Like a motorcycle with the gas handle. \n\nJust a short jaunt through a neighborhood\/subdivision of L.V. and onto the Canyon. \nThe tour guides were very careful and always had safety in mind but it wasn't so repressive that you couldn't have a little fun in your scoot car. Garrett was full of information about Las Vegas and really seemed to love his job. We enjoyed him and his knowledge the entire time. \n\nOnce we hit the canyon park there were several stops for photos and a short hike if you were inclined. We were not, since it was heating up, the hike was all uphill coming back and you only had about 15 minutes to get down the canyon and back up again... not that we couldn't have done it, I think most can make it, but we wanted to be able to have more time if we were going to hike down there. Just didn't want to exert ourselves so much in the heat, get all sweaty.. you get the picture :). \n\nThe Red Rock Canyon was beautiful, stunning at points, very different. There is a picture opportunity everywhere you look.  It quite reminded me of Mars really. Or what I suspect Mars looks like. The landscape and fauna are all very interesting. And with Garretts knowledge of the area, plants, hikes and area history we got the full experience. He was wonderful!\n\nThey are doing some work on the roads so in the future the driveability will be even better. My husband is in the field of road building so it that was interesting to him as well. \nTake a few hours away from the bells and blinking lights, do yourself a favor, take this tour, you won't be disappointed! And tell Garrett we said hello!\nWe had a blast. Traveled June 28 - July 1. Took the Tour on June 29, 2015