Mostly bad, and certainly not enough good to recommend.  Save your money...and if you are getting comps here, save your time, effort, and hearing and go someplace else!  Bought a travelzoo voucher, and made a reservation two weeks ahead of time.  Two days before arrival, message on cell phone to please reconfirm.  Did this.  Day of res (and also day we were arriving by air) message on voicemail - \"our last seating is at 430P.  Your reservation is at 5P, so we won't be able to serve you unless you arrive by 430.  OK, so we rushed and went straight over.  At the hostess stand, they were clueless and didn't understand the message we received, saying 5 would have been fine, but hey, you're here.  Got an attitude about the voucher.....hey, if you don't want to give discounts, FINE, but don't penalize your customers for taking you up on an offer you put out there.  There are 6 different entrees on the menu....the two we ordered....waiter came back 15 minutes after we placed an order to say they were out of both.  One was a burger, the other the salmon.  Out of the 4 remaining items, the only one we were interested in was the steak, but of course that wasn't included with the voucher offer.   So we ended up sharing the steak entree, instead of having two separate dinners, to avoid paying more of the exorbitant prices.  What I feel grant as good: the bread basket - very tasty.  The salad we shared: endive, very fresh, although the dressing was overpowered by vinegar.  The steak and fries: steak was delicious, the fries would have been average, but were served cold, so not good at all.  The server was told they were cold, nodded and left - we assumed he would bring warm fries but never did.  Although, I have to say...did he even hear us??  He gave a thumbs up and outstretched hands at one point, as if to say \"everything OK?\" Yes, the music is that loud.  I'm with an earlier reviewer....if you're in a club, great.  If you are trying to share a meal and talk to each other, and communicate with the servers...it's WAY too loud.  And stupid - they had a DJ, he was playing good music, and it would have been great at 1\/2 the decibel level.   It was very unpleasant at the level they had.  The dancers, costumes, show - I can see where it is not for everyone, we would have found it very enjoyable if the music hadn't been so horribly loud.    \nOver all, a HUGE waste of money - even with the discounted voucher.  Don't bother with this place!!!!