Hell yea.. I love strategic deconditioning stage, but man I've been taking this too far. 6 slices later and i feel sick again, but in a good way i guess.\n\nI rounded up some troopers to on embark on a journey with me to pop my Cosmopolitan cherry one late night, but really i just wanted to get my pizza on since i was having mad fat man-i-tis cravings.  After searching throughout the casino we finally made it to the our destination and the people here are very inviting. *Hint* Look for a pinball machine at the of a hallway.  \n\nThe register lady claimed that their White Pizza is their 'bread and butter': Ricotta, mozzarella cheese, parmesan, garlic, basil, oregano, and NO sauce.  You have the option to top it off with slice tomatoes an alternative for a sauce which is highly recommended by Nico, our pizza guy.  The tomatoes helps brings out the flavor of the White Pizza more and are place on after the pizza is removed from the oven.  This is a little different from the norm, so I didn't want to fully commit. \n\nNico overheard our dilemma and normally he wouldn't do this for anyone, but for us he was more than happy to modify our pizza. . Half White, half Pepperoni and Sausage.  Score! \n\nMy first slice i was in loved, but after my second i thought it was too much of the same dry cheese ricotta taste.  It was good, but i wouldn't be too quick to go back for 3rds.\n\nThe sausage and pepperoni pizza were freakin' good.   The slice sausage and pepperoni has a greater caliber than your typical pizza joint.  The oil from the cheese and pepperoni goes so well with that lightly burnt crust, and the sausage had a nice bite to it.  I saved one of these for my last slice ;P\n\nYou can ordered by the slice which they will reheat one of the premade one or you can be fatties like us an order a whole pie.  Takes about 15min.  Fun little inexpensive adventure if you're looking for something to do late night.  Not much seating inside, but outside the hallways there are plenty. \n\n*Useless fact* 1942 does not move diagonal.