I'm not necessarily into this kind of thing, but my sister and I went for the laughs and for the experience of it, and we ended up having a pretty good time, although we didn't quite get what we paid for. \n\nWe paid over 70 bucks for VIP seats when it seemed the 40 dollar seats behind us were getting way more action - they jumped up on their tables and did all sorts of stuff but they never once came to ours, even though we were in front. Bummer.\n\nAlso, if you're not in a big group, get ready to probably be seated near a bunch of crazy women in bitchy heat. There's something about these kinds of shows that makes women territorial and weird. The girl in front of me kept pointing to the guys and saying, \"That one's mine! That one's mine!\" I understand she's just having fun but it got kind of tiring and uncomfortable after a while, considering it's a group show and at that point, the men belonged to everyone in the audience. :) It was cool to see some of the women on stage getting touch the boy's butts as they gave them lap dances - I was happy for them, but still, I wish we had gotten more action at our table, considering what we payed for. \n\nAt the end in order to get pictures with the boys you had to pay an extra 20 dollars per person. What a rip, considering what we already payed! I think VIP tickets should come with a friggin' photo. We did it but the picture came out terrible, as they didn't tell us when they were snapping it, and we weren't allowed to have a re-do.\n\nI almost gave this two stars just because of what little was given to us for the price, although I recommend it for big groups of straight women who want to have some crazy fun, and I say big groups just so you can be surrounded by your friends screaming their heads off, and not strangers. And you're also REALLY CLOSE together - if you're claustrophobic or dont like being really close to other people, skip this. And don't get VIP, it's a waste of money. The theatre is small and regular seats have just as good a view.\n\nThe guys did some dancing with cute costumes although half of them couldn't dance, you forgave them. :) Although sometimes the dances went on too long and all you wanted was for them to take their clothes off. Lots of butt wiggling, but no penises, ladies! Although some of you might not want to see junk and if thats the case then this is your show.\n \nWe came out kind of the theatre kind of stunned, and the men themselves were quite the sight. But still really wish we could have gotten what we paid for.