Went here for a lunch outing with a company I worked for during the summer. It was a few days after Therapy opened in July. I drove by Therapy this morning and was reminded of my awful experience and felt compelled to share. \n\nI walked by Therapy a few weeks before the lunch outing and heard Dead Kennedys' \"California Uber Alles\" blaring from their doorstep at 11 a.m., so I had a positive initial impression. \n\nOur party of close to two dozen was seated at a long table in the back. The decor was wood and metal and the kitchen was open which added to the homey, comfortable vibe. Two waitresses were taking care of us. I looked through the menu with my vegan lenses and narrowed it down to three items; a salad, a flatbread or a side. I wanted something filling with a variety of flavors so I decided on the summer squash flatbread and ordered it without cheese. I informed the waitress upon ordering that I cannot have meat or dairy and she said she was nearly certain my order would suit my needs, but if there was an issue she would let me know.\n\nThe entrees came out and the waitress informed me the dough for the flatbread contained dairy. Since the entrees had already arrived, I asked her what other menu items I could have. She frantically looked at the menu for a few minutes and suggested the mixed greens salad without Parmesan. \n\nI didn't want to waste any more time so I agreed. I was pretty disappointed since I was looking forward to something filling and toothsome. I remembered I had stashed a trusty and incredibly tasty Trader Joe's $3.99 vegan BBQ chicken wrap in the fridge at work the day before so I was less annoyed since I wouldn't have to be hungry for the rest of the work day. The salad was the most pathetic plate I've seen in a while. Half the plate was empty and the salad was dressed spring mix and a few radish slices. \n\nThe owner came by after I had a few bites and asked the group which dishes everyone enjoyed. People replied with this and that and he asked one of my coworkers what he thought of the mac and cheese. \"I'm lactose intolerant so I couldn't try it,\" he replied. The owner said with a chuckle, \"Well you don't matter.\" I saw a few people look my way and the owner quickly walked away from the awkward silence after his comment. \n\nI was taken aback and frankly insulted that a restaurant owner in downtown Las Vegas would say that customers who can't eat dairy don't matter. Even as a joke. The absence of vegan items, besides some overpriced spring mix, made a lot more sense after his comment. \n\nBy no means do I think they need to do a menu overhaul. The dishes that came out looked very creative and fun (like the red velvet waffles and chicken), but in a neighborhood where you can get various dairy-free lattes, vegan nachos, vegan pizza and vegan donuts asserting people who can't have dairy don't matter is asinine.