Gold sealed oysters were the sweetest I've ever tasted and I've tasted many! \nI was here on a Friday night a little past 1030pm. The place wasn't packed, and they seated me right away. I like that they had table seating other than the bar seating, but tonight I was dining alone. \nI had a cup of chowder, shrimp scampi, and a half-dozen platter of the oysters. \nFirst of all, I shouldn't have ordered the scampi. I don't know why I did that. I asked my server what was the most popular item, she said the scampi. It was mediocre, and I realized that the reason was because everyone else didn't know what to order and so they played it safe by ordering the scampi. What I should've done was order the lobster roll! So yes, I was disappointed by my poor choice. However, the shrimps in the scampi were very meaty and tasted good. Nothing spectacular also, nothing special. \nMy cup of chowder came with an oversized cracker, wasn't sure what to make of it. I ate it anyway. That too, was mediocre. I did note that it was super hot though. My fault for being so hungry and diving in right away. \nThe best part of my meal came last, which was my platter of raw oysters. I'm always interested in ways people eat raw oysters, I'm accustomed to the \"island style\", with Tobasco, lemon, Aloha shoyu, and a couple of slices of sweet onion. The platter did not come with that of course. I've had many raw oyster platters in the mainland, and they almost always come with the same garnishes. Horseradish, some cocktail sauce, lemon wedges. This platter was no different. I asked my server, what's what and how do I garnish my oyster (lol). She preferred them cut in half with just the cocktail sauce which already had a mixture of spice in it, and a squeeze of lemon. \nShe warned that the horseradish was very spicy. I love horseradish, so of course I didn't heed her warning. I put a dollop of horseradish, cocktail sauce, and lemon juice on my first shell and stuck a fork in it then downed the whole sea creature. It burned going down, but I could taste how fresh and sweet the oyster was. I've never had one that was so sweet before. I laid off the garnishes for the next 5 because I wanted to enjoy the taste. \nShe wasn't kidding when she said the horseradish was spicy. I felt drunk. \nI spent a little over $60 with a 15% tip because the staff was nice.