First of all, I think I should warn you.  Do NOT come in to this store if all you are wanting is to quickly pick up a couple spools of thread!  (I mean that in the best way!!)  This store is amazing, but it is incredibly hard to go in for one thing without leaving with a cart full of things you didn't know you can't live without!!!  The store is gigantic.  There are tons of displays and sections of items that give you a bunch of ideas for turning your house in to your home.  Even if you aren't really in to sewing or crafting, you will still love this place.  They have other things besides arts and crafts.  They have furniture, pictures, mirrors, frames, candles, paintings, flowers, plants, knick-knacks, and much much much more!  I always go in for their fabrics and sewing items.  My grand children love to come with me to look at all of the fun craft things they have.  It feels great to \"treat\" them with a project that we can do together!  Sometimes the kids even ask when we are going to the \"crafty store\"!  Home Goods has allowed me to have hours and hours of fun with my grand children that were born in the technology age.  After we get home, they don't even look in the direction of the tv.  We dump all of our great finds on the table and craft for hours!\n\nMy only complaint is that I can never seem to find anyone when I need some help.  Sometimes when I do find someone, they seem very inconvenienced by my questions.  Also, their furniture seems to be a little overpriced to me.  I know that is not something that this specific location can change, but I have found almost the same items for close to half the price.\n\nThose things are easily overlooked.  I don't need help that often and I just stay away from the furniture department.\n\nIf you are looking for something to do with your kids\/grandkids on a rainy day or sick day, try taking a walk through Hobby Lobby!  For crafts, sewing, and decorating, this place gets FIVE stars!!  Have fun shopping, but if it is your first time, be prepared to find a ton of things that you didn't know you needed and to buy lots!