WHY!!! YOU GUYS..WHY!!!\n\nRight around the corner from where I live is Petals....they have this FANTASTIC eyelash extension special where she'll do the whole set for $100 dollars doesn't matter if it's 30 per eye or 50 lashes per eye.  The first time I came I loved them....she did an amazing job.  I recommended her to everyone and i think 4 or 5 of my friends got them done here.  I had to take them all out because I was heading on vacation and the last thing I needed was my lashes in the way of my sun and beach (and alcohol)....When I came back I got a new set again AMAZING job when I got them...BUT 2 weeks later they all fell off and I had like 2 lashes left....It's most likely my lashes and not the technicians fault because she didnt know that my lashes are really weak and cant hold up heavy lashes.  So I came back to see her....its around 5:15pm I sat in the reception area staring out to yonge st when I notice its 5:45 hmmm my appointment was at 5:30 she should be here but I understand she travels so it's fine if shes a little late...the receptionist (very very sweet girl nothing against her) asks me if I want anything I said no i'm fine.  6:15 comes around now it's a tad ridiculous I've been sitting for about an hour...my technician isnt here and shes about 45 mins late....she told me where she lives and it doesnt take 45 mins to get here even if she left when my appointment was.  The receptionist called the technician and she had no idea that she had an appointment of that she missed an appointment earlier that morning....\n\nNot a happy camper.  I had a huge event and had to get them done that night...the receptionist offered me a manicure which was sweet but I had to get the lashes done so I left (went to Mync Lash Lounge read my review there).   The owner called me the next day, I was at work so she left me a voicemail telling me that she apologizes and I should come in and can discuss about a discount....I never went back...\n\nIm not sure if it was because all the lashes fell out or because she didnt show up....but it just isnt worth it to me....\n\nHOWEVER....and this has to be made clear my friend gets her lashes done by her still and hers look AMAZING.  She hasnt had them filled in over 4 weeks and they still look GREAT....so I cant knock her technique at all....just for me personally it didnt work out.