I wish I could leave a review on the actual work this landscaper performs but alas they never showed up to do the work they promised to do.  I have seen some of it.  If you check out the landscaping over by the Starbucks on Valley Brook & McMurray it's a sea of little balls of plantings surrounded by mulch.  I saw their guys trimming it up the other day and they butchered some and left a ton of weeds and seedlings behind.  It looks awful.  They trimmed the evergreens until they were brown in spots.  I probably dodged a bullet.\n\nPaul, the owner, seemed nice enough when he came to look at our yard.  He said he could plant the entire back yard with some trees and shrubs, and put down a flagstone patio for around $5,000.  He said he could come out in May or June (I am writing this at the end of July) when the labor was cheaper.  This part was ridiculous but whatever, I didn't want to call him out on it.  He said he would write it up and send it to me in the next couple days.\n\nI got the estimate and it was $8,000.  I wasn't really happy but it's hard to find good contractors in this area and I liked him so I consented.  He suggested that we stop by and look at his place and the plants he was considering.  Miriam went and approved them and when it came time to leave he said there would be up-charges for the plants they ended up agreeing to.  She came home and I was really unhappy.  It seemed to me that he was going to keep raising the cost of the job as we went along.    It seemed like this job was something he was going to put off because it wasn't the $50,000-100,000 job he likes to do.  I wrote him that I wasn't happy that he was trying to bump the cost of the job and that he should do the job for $8,000 and that was going to be it.  He never wrote or called.  He never had me sign any contracts.  I went over to his place and asked him directly what was up and he promised he would be by next week.  We ended it well but he never showed up.\n\nI wrote him another email asking him if he was going to do the job.  I wanted to know if we should move on and that it wasn't fair for him to leave us hanging.  He never wrote me back.  Pick someone else!!!!