Lured over here by Bethany's review, I came for a date night with my guy and was pleasantly surprised to see this upscale steakhouse spot attached to the Galleria mall- complete with valet parking.\n\nFILET MIGNON SASHIMI: Surprisingly tasty and imaginative! I have no idea why this spot has sushi on their menu, but this dish bridges the sushi and steak offerings in a clever way with a seared presentation served on a mountain of wasabi potatoes. I enjoyed this way more than I thought I would.\nCHOP SALAD: Generous portion, easily sharable. Toppings include garbanzo beans, tomatoes, cheese, bacon (maple glazed and spiced with Cayenne?), and avocado. \nHERB CRUSTED ROASTED CHICKEN BREAST: Despite coming here based on a review for the stuffed chicken breast, I ended up opting for this version. The mushroom cream sauce is delicious, I just wish there was more of it. Portion is huge, given sides are wild rice and glazed carrots. I subbed the mac for the rice since that dish is rarely remarkable anywhere. The carrots were tasty but the glaze gets into every other component and adds an unnecessary maple sweetness to everything it touches. Maybe side these separately.\nFIVE CHEESE MACARONI: An indulgent baked version with penne pasta, ample creamy sauce included. I'm not generally a fan of baked macs because they tend to be dry, but this version was exceptional. \nNY STRIP STEAK: Because you gotta order at least one steak at a steak house. Got the wet-aged at the suggestion of our server, it was nicely crusted and cooked to a perfect medium-rare. Side of asparagus was tasty, sauce and other add-ons (bleu cheese, onions, mushrooms, etc.) are unnecessary. Meat was super tender and full of flavor.\n\nWe were so full even with takeout boxes that we opted against dessert, but they have a large selection. They offer half-off wine by the bottle on Wednesdays, which we may have to come back to try. Note that they also have a selection of wine on tap! Service from Neil was attentive and knowledgeable, with plenty of suggestions- request him specifically.\n\nTIP: They have a \"piano hour\" (their version of HH) with app and drink specials on the patio, lounge, and bar area. Worth a shot for light bites.