It's been a little over a month since we purchased our mattress from Anjoly @ Best Mattress.  We wanted to sleep on it and test it before commenting on anything.  We are comparison shoppers and we go to different stores to see different products and different deals ontop of customer service before making any decision. We planned on spending $500-$800 on a temporary, but decent mattress to sleep on before we buy our house in the future. Then we would get a great mattress that we really wanted.  Best Mattress on Fort Apache Road was the very first store we stopped in.  We literally walked in the store and layed on the first mattress we saw.  A little after; Anjoly, the sales rep came over, introduced herself, and commented on the great feel of the mattress.  We were in heaven already!  She then started telling us about the different kinds of mattresses, the feel of them, and the quality of them.  She was super nice.  Not \"sales person nice\" but genuine nice. She was not trying to pressure sale or anything. My husband and I was just going from bed to bed any actually laying on each one for several minutes at a time.  Not just quickly on and off.  Anjoly was so patient.  We told her we were just wanting to try some out and she just went about her business until we had more questions.  She was very knowledgeable in the different mattresses. She would see and hear (from our moans...lol)  what we liked and disliked, then she might recommend this or that. Seriously, we layed on about 75% of the mattresses for like 10 minutes at a time. Taking our time! Anjoly was patent, understanding, and very helpful!  It didn't feel like she was just trying to make a sale.  After testing practically everything, every mattress: soft, medium, firm, extra firm, feet lift, head lift, vibration availability....we decided on the SIMMS:  KATARINA LF PT QN. Which was WELL over what we had planned on spending at the time.  But we thought to ourselves why we would pay nearly $1K for a temp mattress when we can enjoy a piece of heaven NOW and have what we actually want for several years.  We ended up getting one of the top mattresses with all the bells and whistles.  Let me tell you! NO REGRETS!!! The mattress is wonderful, and the head lift and leg lift is just amazing!! The massagers are actually vibrations, but whatever. LOL... Anjoy's knowledge of the mattress and understanding of what we wanted and needed, landed us a great mattress that we will have for years and years to come!!! Great investment!! The managers AND movers are super cool too!!  We never left the store. But instead, received GREAT SERVICE AND A FABULOUS MATTRESS!! \nWe would give THIS Best Mattress Store 10 gold stars if we could!! Thank you so much for all your help and knowledge Miss Anjoly.