Dishonest hostess; terrible attitude.\n\nRule #1: customer is always right.\n\nSomething is off here. They create seating availability and duration out of thin air and won't take reservations for parties less than 5 or more we came to find out. Having disgruntled customers due to dishonesty isn't worth squeezing few more servings out per night. Very greedy and short sighted.\n\nWife was hungry and craving Italian. Doing the sensible thing on a Friday night, we called to see if they could seat two. The host says no problem, we can. Great, we walk there. We walk there and ask for indoor seating and are told 15-20 minute wait. Hmm bit disgruntled, but you said 10 minutes ago you could seat us. Oh these things happen, it's tough to tell when there will be seating. Lie #1.\n\nNo waiting area, we stand out on the stoop for 20 minutes. No call, nothing. I go in to make sure they haven't forgotten about us. Hostess says we got tables outside, give us some more time to clean it up. Thought we told you we would like indoor seating. Oh, the tables inside are chatty and difficult to tell when they'll leave. Lie #2. \n\nFrustrated, I confront her about lying twice and that had she been honest my pregnant wife would be eating now instead of waiting on the stoop. Again, I get the same snarky attitude and run around. Having lived all over, you'd swear this is the only restaurant and only incompetent hostess in the country incapable of managing customers for a dinner. \n\nNow desperate to eat a piece of bread or anything my wife agrees to outdoor seating. A kind waitress comes out and asks us how we are doing. Frustrated and on edge, hopefully the food will make us forget this. Instead of easing the tension, she decides to regurgitate the same defense as the hostess. \n\nWe order and wife eats a bread slice or two. Wife too hormonal and in tears, I throw a few bucks for the bread, and we go elsewhere. Fortunately, we were able to go elsewhere nearby and salvage the night.\n\nThe competency of the hostess should be reconsidered.