1-6-15 My first visit.   I had a doctor's appointment nearby so I dropped in about 4:30PM.    First impression from outside..uh... mediocre.  Looks like any ol' bar.\nThe inside is entirely different.  It's just pretty.  Because of the time I went, it was nearly vacant so I headed to the bar to eat.\n\nI wasn't sure what I wanted but I received menu, water, utensils, napkins, etc quickly and plenty of time to examine the menu, wine selection, beer selection etc and ask questions.  The server\/bartender seemed genuinely nice as did what seemed to be a \"regular\" on the opposite side of the bar so we had a pleasant conversation before and during my meal.\n\nI ordered the Lobster Bisque and Scallops with rice cakes.  The Lobster Bisque was good and as a friend told me, it was hot.  (We both have the pet peeve of \"warm\" food.)  It was moderately priced so I didn't expect or receive chunks of lobster but flavor was good... I would have loved just a drizzle of brandy on top... but not everyone likes it that way.\n\nI really enjoyed the scallops.  It took me a while and and an explanation to figure out the \"rice cakes\" part.  The long, narrow dish contained a perfectly cooked scallop, then a rice cake, then a scallop, etc.  The rice cakes were actually similar to risotto balls.  The change in textures and flavors was a surprise but I liked it.  Seriously though, I haven't had such a perfectly cooked scallop in forever.  Good sear on outside that gave it a slightly smoked flavor and just barely, barely done.  \n\nI agree with other reviewers that highest mark goes for ambiance.  Given it was nearly empty because of the hour and slow period after the holidays, I really want to check it out on a Friday or Saturday evening and see if they can keep up the friendly genuine service, quick service, and good food.\n\nThe menu was pretty big so I would expect some things to be not so good.  One patron recommended the fried gnocchi... but that seemed sacrilegious to me (and higher probability of being less than stellar)\n\nI'm going to take a WAG and say the reviews about not so great food have to do with the larger than average menu.  Yes, I watch way too many cooking channel shows!!\n\nNone the less, I'm going back.  It's a beautiful restaurant and there's plenty of potentially delightful things on the menu so if they can execute consistently, it could new fav for me.