Service was good. We were immediately brought to our table and the bartender was very attentive. He immediately told us about their happy hour specials, which I found rather refreshing, since I usually have to ask. Happy hour wines were a bit pricey. The house wines and pinot grigio's were not included. Happy hour will basically get you $9 a glass. Beer was a better deal at $4-$6. I ordered 4  bruschetta for $12 which is a pretty decent bargain these days. Upon reading the menu the ingredients sounded very promising but there was a complete lack of execution. First off, the reuben bruschetta was just odd. It was smeared with russian, a minimal amount of sauerkraut and huge chunks of corned beef cover in melted swiss. This bruschetta would have bode well served as more of an open face sandwich with sliced corned beef and would have had more coverage of all ingredients. Next up was the Arizona. It boasted bacon, sautéed mushrooms and onions with ricotta. There was no depth of flavor due to the complete lack of any salt or acid. A little bit of balsamic reduction would have cut through the fats on this bruschetta nicely and heightened the flavor profiles of all the ingredients. The salmon bruschetta came out and was pretty good. It had cut up capers which I don't know why you wouldn't put whole and they substituted weird small diced pickle\/cucumber pieces. It tasted more like a dill pickle relish. They should have done either fresh tomatoes or sun dried tomatoes with the salmon. Sometimes you just don't have to try and reinvent the classic. The last was prosciutto with marscarpone and fig. I am never a fan of this one, but actually tasted alright. The biggest issue with the bruschetta was the thickness and texture of the bread. It was too thin, to the point it would bend when lifted with the ingredients on it and honestly tasted like it was toasted yesterday. So it was left with a crispy crust but stale tasting texture. Imagine when a crispy cracker goes stale and this was kinda the same. The worst part of the entire experience was we went to a wine bar for some peace and quiet to get away from our kids and there were 4 kids sitting in the bar area!!! I have no problem with kids, but a bar at happy hour is no place for them and takes away from the ambiance and experience of the rest of the patrons. At one point the waitress had to go clean up a broken glass created from one of the kids, so you could imagine the noise level the were cheating. I have a culinary background and I understand the bar can't control patrons, but maybe make the bar area 21 and over, just a suggestion.  I would go back again and try them out as I know every cook has an off day, but I won't expect much more than we received  the first time. And it's rather unfortunate cause its a quaint little place inside and I thought I had found my new diamond in the rough!