To say I love this place is an understatement.  \n\nLet me start off by saying... my family is Hungarian.  We eat weird stuff.  \n\nOk, that's out of the way.. down to my favorites at Dohar's.  In no particular order:\nThe hurka (rice ring) is just yummy.  It is a mix of rice, sausage and liver.  1\/3 each.  It is very nice, and has an interesting consistency that includes those chewy bits.  Very good.  I've had hurka from various places around Cleveland, and they are all different, yet similar.  I don't have a favorite, and have specific tastes for all versions at different times.  This is a good one.  \n\nThere is also the double smoked sausage.  Oh yes... very tasty.  Lots of Hungarian hot paprika (the good stuff, not that powdered \"paprika\" that Durkee sells at Giant Eagle).  This is a really nice sausage, which because it is double smoked, you do not cook again.  I buy this about once every other time I'm at the WSM, and just adore it.  I cut them up and take them as snacks for work.  Believe me, people notice when that bag opens, and everyone that has tried it has gone to WSM to buy it themselves.  Yes, it's that darned good.  \n\nThey are also the only place in town that I know of that sells double smoked bacon.  Oh holy hell, this stuff is of the devil.  Again... double smoked.  Don't be putting it in a frying pan!  Serve it on crusty bread, or on crackers, or just sliced.  My son will eat this out of my fridge in seconds when he finds it.  \n\nThe head cheese (plain and spicy) is terrific.  Yes... head cheese.  (Recall, I warned the reader that I was raised on this weird stuff.  Don't judge me.)  :)\n\nEverything I've ever purchased here, I've enjoyed thoroughly.  \n\nNow, the best part.  The folks behind the counter.  I always am greeted with a big smile.  These folks know customer service.  They remember repeat customers, and are so helpful.  Not sure about something?  Ask for a sample.  If it's possible, they do it.  (Clearly, you will not be able to sample the pork chops.)  I actually look forward to visiting Dohar's on Saturdays.  These folks hustle back there, and know their stuff.  \n\nGo to the WSM.  Visit Dohar's.  You will love it.