Honestly, after a bit of an ordeal with a restaurant in the building where I work, I was ready to give up writing reviews all together... until I realized I hadn't reviewed O'Sullivan's yet. This is one that I simply HAD to get out there.\n\nOkay, I'll start with the bad news (cause there isn't much of it) - one of the last times I went was on karaoke night, and I'm not a karaoke fan at the best of times, but on this occasion I was barraded by what must have been a series of the worst singers I've ever heard. As a matter of fact, my friend and I actually left much earlier than we wanted to, cause it was getting quite annoying. I'm sure this isn't always the case, but... WOW. Out of the 6 or 7 we heard, only one could passably get on key or carry a tune (and she was our waitress, but more on that later.)\n\nThe good news is, for all other intents and purposes O'Sullys is one of my favorite bars in Calgary. The food is good (and well priced), they have a great cheap wing night (it's just unfortunate it's on Mondays when I'm usually busy), there's almost always a pool table open for those who are into that sorta thing, the atmosphere is great, the location is convenient, and the service, well... ah, screw it, I'm giving that it's own paragraph.\n\nI've only been here a handful of times and all but once we had the same server. The most recent was a girl I genuinely felt bad for as almost my entire group was just ordering water, and on a fairly busy night I can't really fault her for focusing more on the other tables. However, the server I've had all the other times was an absolutely AMAZING young lady named Rebecca. She was not only fast and friendly, but charming, personal and... okay, forgive me for a total man moment here... but GORGEOUS (and not blonde, contrary to what dinah said earlier, lol). On every other night we'd been there, she took an already perfectly fine experience and made it a great one. She really took the time to make us feel welcome, joined in on our conversations briefly with each trip, and even took the time to apologize for the fact that she might be a minute or two late with our next round (which, if she was, we didn't notice) because her turn at karaoke was next. Wouldn't ya know it, the girl could sing, too! If she's any indication of the hiring practices here, I have no doubt they're all great.\n\nI will definitely be coming back to O'Sullys many more times... and looking for our usual bubbly, upbeat server as well. It's rare to find a great bar with good food, and such awesome service... but I'll probably steer clear of karaoke night.