In a town where the movie theaters  live in casinos it's hard to wanna go to the movies.  But, the Palms Resort is a hipster haven, and it houses Brenden Theaters  owned by it's namesake, Johnny Brenden.  (if you wanna know stuff about Mr. Brenden google him, I'm not gonna pretend to know anything about his athletic career, but, I think it involves a ball.)\n\nBrenden's hosts some of the biggest Vegas film events....the biggest being the annual CineVegas. ( our little Sundance. )\n\nAnd it's atmosphere is far enough removed from the casino environment  that you can forget about the craps tables and one armed bandits during your choice of  Romantic Comedy, or an IMAX Adventure.  ( Actually for the hell of it, wouldn't it be interesting to see a Romantic Comedy in IMAX?  Maybe we should set up a larger than life screening of \"When Harry Met Sally\"...a white knuckle ride of friendship, sex and true love.  We could even invite Nora Ephron and she can sign popcorn boxes.  No? Okay. It was just an idea.)\n\nOn Christmas Day I decided to join the event that was the opening day of \"Dreamgirls.\"  So, yessssssssssss, I loved the movie.  But I'm not reviewing the movie I'm reviewing the theater. ( but anytime you wanna chat about Jennifer Hudson you send me a message, erkay!)  The screening I attended was sold out, but Brenden's is so comfy that it really wasn't a big deal to have to sit so far up front.  ( I would'a got there early but I was too busy constructing the \"LOST\" action figures that Santa brought me.)  And a comfy crowd is a receptive crowd, needless to say, a great time was had by all.  ( I have to mention that Dreamgirls drew in the best cross-sections of the American public who scream and sing at the screen.)\n\nSo, if you wanna go to a movie, I would highly recommend Brenden's.  It's gotta a little Hollywood glamour and great seating....oh, and Hot Dog's.  I didn't say anything about the concessions.  ( same stuff as any other theatre.)  See you at the movies!