Thazard on Boul. St. Laurent. - Bistro open late serving up great Japanese comfort food. Great service and and even better natural wine list!\n \nThe evening started off at this Japanese Bistro - whose kitchen busts out dishes until 2am - with a round of drinks to shake off the weeks' stress. Since we weren't super hungry on our first visit (shocking - believe me we know!) a second visit to Thazard went down before publishing this - so here is an overall summary of our experience:\n\nAperitifs. The drinks were good, although the general consensus is that they were a bit too sweet and not strong enough for our tastes. The single massive ice cube was appreciated, in contrast to that crushed ice situation that a lot of places have been doing lately - it kept the drinks cold, without overly diluting them.\nBurujowa - Rum, nigroni, cucumber, & chlorophyll\nRickey Kaffir - Gin, lime, with a kaffir leaf garnish\nChampagne Cocktail - Yuzu juice, bitters, sugar, champagne \n \nWine. The wine list is a natural wine drinker's dream! Both our bottles were well-balanced, natural reds.\n \nLanghe La Ferma 2012. Pasquale Pelissero  Barnyard aromas when just opened with hints of red fruit - raspberry and tart cherry on the palate. It wasn't overly acidic and it definitely evolved drastically throughout our meal, the hallmark of a good natural wine. Not among the most intriguing we have had, but excellent nonetheless. \n \nSaumur-Chamigny Ruben 2013. Sébastien Bobinet. AMAZING - LOVED THIS WINE! A natural cabernet franc with a very tight deep barnyard smell once uncorked, with high minerality at the beginning. It definitely had a leathery taste, which mellowed as the wine opened up. Not only was this bottle interesting and evolving throughout the meal,  it was very drinkable and pleasurable- this was perfect as it cut some of the fatter dishes, but also paired well with the delicateness of the ramen and spicy broth.\n \nFood. Thazard = Comfort food and it does it well. The flavours are deep yet simple. \nEverything sampled was cooked well, served promptly and at the correct temperature. The staff is very knowledgeable, with the patience to help a group of hungry and indecisive scoundrels navigate the menu.\n \nCart - a waitress passed around with a cart containing vegetarian sushi, pickled vegetables, homemade chips, kimchi and torched mackerel. There was also a selection of desserts on the cart - a truffle and matcha tea crème brulée. Great concept - unfortunately, the cart passed by us only once, resulting in us managing to procure a single instance of pickled veg without its glorious presence being witnessed again..... (Note -The cart was not seen at all on our second visit)\n\nVege Ramen: light, warm and full of charred leek flavour which we found complimented the noodles and broth well.\n\nSpicy Ramen: well-seasoned, sprinkled with sesame seeds. It had a nice level of spiciness with an almost smokey after-bite. Warm, hardy comfort food with tender yet firm ramen and a broth which was booming with flavour.\n\nKoji Chicken - not a hit at our table; we found the citrus to be overbearing. Nevertheless, the chicken was tender and cooked to perfection.\n\nMiso Poutine- was the Bomb.com! The spicy Kimchi above really broke up the saltiness of the miso gravy. Awesome.... (mmm and now we're hungry all over again!)\n\n\nDessert. There were 2 options. There is no greater crime then a crème brulée that gives into one's spoon, like a limp handshake from someone with clammy hands. A nice firm handshake will do, thank you very much. And that is what the matcha tea crème brulée provided - a crystalized sugar coating that after a crisp cracking sound gave way to a beautiful creamy light green matcha tea infused silky cream interior. Our waiter saw how happy we were with the crème brulée and offered it to us at the end of the evening.The truffles were a welcome surprise of savory and sweet flavours.  The Yuzu truffle was hands-down the table's favorite, the sweet yet punchy fruit flavour of the yuzu was strong enough to break through the rich chocolate flavour and they paired perfectly.\n\nFinal Thoughts.  Thazard has a great interior, with a modern vibe. A great place to lounge, drink, eat and chat for hours.\nMTL Foodsters were really on-board with the ramen and especially impressed that Thazard features Japanese comfort food which is all 100% MSG-free! The service was sublime; both waiters (Guillaume and Philippe) had a great knowledge of natural wines and were able to find bottles which matched our preferences.  \n \nUltimately, it is the amazing on-point natural wine selection, hearty ramen and casual atmosphere that will have us going back to Thazard when in need of a late-night eatery.