I have been practicing standard yoga for years and truly enjoy the relaxation and meditation of it.  I had considered hot yoga in the past, but it also did not actually connect with what I had learned in my standard yoga practice.  \n\nAfter attending the PA\/NJ\/OH Asana Championship with Bikram Certified Teacher - I decided to give it a shot.  I signed for the two week intro offer, GREAT PRICE, seriously ALL the classes you want for two weeks = $20.... Anyway, tomorrow is two weeks.  I have attended 7 classes and feel amazing.  My appetite is smaller now and the 6am classes during the week put you in a perfect frame of mind handle the day. I have experienced weight loss, overall cleansing sensation and increased strength and stamina.  Over all of those benefits however, the fact that the permanent knot I had at the base of my skull that stretched down into between my neck and shoulder blades is GONE!  Its been there so many years, it is my 'normal'.  I had no idea it was there, until it was GONE.  I have other former injuries and Bikram is perfect for the strengthening and breaking down of the scar tissue in between my joints.  I feel stronger and more flexible.\n\nAs far as the studio itself, the instructors are encouraging and positive at every class.  The instruction each teacher provides helps me to work on form, which I didnt specifically do in my standard yoga practice.  I have been in class next to instructers and felt selfconcious to begin with as they are 'pros' but that was MY internal self confidence, not anything from them... and if you keep your eyes on your own eyes, next thing you know, you like your 'own eyes' in the mirror.  Zeb (owner) has been wonderful.  I love that he acknowledges you in class.  He has created a beautiful environment where each person develops a practice and that practice begins their story.\n\nThe busy class rooms mean that it is a popular place as far as I am concerned.  And I now know why, each class I go exactly where I need to go that day.  The instructors guidance and occassional joke and funny story, help make the 90 minutes fly by.  \n\nThe moral of the story?  I signed up for monthly membership of unlimited classes today and plan to be a LONGTIME member!\n\nPOSITIVES:\nGo with an open mind, and listen to the instruction - you will go where you need to go\n\nHYDRATE the day before and after class.  Its good for the body and a great habit to be in anyway!\n\nENJOY a yummy juice drink after class (I love those bell jars!)... It is a great treat and healthy for you\n\nNEGATIVES:\nFor a standard yoga practitioner, it will be off-putting to see carpeted floors, this is for safety folks, think about it!!\n\nParking is a bugger if you try to make certain classes... simply plan and look on the side streets!