Good Theater, Bad Service.\n\nPurchased tickets on fandango for a late movie. Due to unforeseen circumstances I was not able to attend the movie. I called hours in advance to cancel and spoke to four people. The first gentleman said \"No problem come down and we'll cancel for a cash refund. \" This sounded great at the time but I was unable to make it down there at the time. I called the next day and talked to a second gentleman who said I could still come down for a refund minus the fandango fees. Annoying but understandable. So drive all the way down there and speak to a third gentleman who says he'll get the refund started. He literally counts out the money for the refund and then says, \"Oh you bought your tickets online? We cant refund you.\" This obviously is unacceptable because both associates prior new the situation and advised me to drive all the way down to the palms for the refund. In the middle of me explaining this the associate says he'll get his manager and yells, \"Next!\" And the next person in line lumbers past me and I'm left waiting to explain this situation to a fourth person. Once the manager arrives she gives me no information and does nothing to help or defuse the situation. Eventually she gives me the card to an assistant director of palms entertainment. I call the number a week later and speak with a very happy and pleasant women who seems eager to help. After explaining my situation for a fifth time, she explains why I cant be refunded (no one had offered an explanation other than \"we can't\" until this point) and says she doesn't like fandango and it complicates things. We chat for awhile and she explains that she will exchange my tickets for Imax 3d tickets. A great solution that benefits me the customer because my tickets were standard. She asks for my address and says she will have them shipped to me. Again great service. Unfortunately, the tickets never arrived. This is still an unresolved issue. After this series of customer service failures I have not been back to the Palms.\n\n - Vegas Local\n -  Thought about giving one star but that wouldn't be fair. I thought about giving Three stars but this was just such terrible service for a simple issue. Two stars because the quality of theatre is good but the poor service is unacceptable. \nNote: This was typed on mobile sorry for typos.