The first time I stopped over here the place was closed so I was happy to discover they have their own parking lot. It is very difficult to find parking in the Troy Hill neighborhood and although the lot is small it wasn't overly crowded. It sits next to Wiggle whiskey which is the distillery for the Cider house.\n\nYou enter by climbing a flight of stairs. On various parts of it says \"News\", \"Fresh from Heaven.\" I came inside and the sign said to sit anywhere. Over to the side is a bar area with a backdrop of Johnny \"Appleseed\" Chapman on the wallpaper. On the opposite corner was a giant \"light bright\" electrical board which I would later learn was operable for children to play with. Since I was here for an event that would follow I decided to forgo the food and settle for the coffee. Before ordering that I was served 3 small glasses of their 3 famous ciders, Farmhouse, dry, and wild cider. The place has free Wi Fi and the passcode is on the wall. I liked the Farmhouse and the dry but didn't care for the wild cider.\n\nOnto the coffee. I was intrigued by the fact that it was \"whiskey\" coffee and recently roasted. They did have some available and for $9.00 you are given a \"French press\" which holds about 3 cups. It was different to say the least but I really enjoyed it. I loved how it came with a small elephant shaped creamer-sorry not for sale. I was told the serve things with animal accessories out of Johnny Appleseed's love for animals. Unfortunately they do not have take out cups so I had to drink as much as I could before they closed before the event.\n\nThe staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The gave me a menu to take home with me. I was looking forward to trying the pizzas they have. I had that opportunity later at the event and believe me they did not disappoint. My favorite was the eggplant pizza. They also had a gluten free pizza, and polenta crust to name a few. I saw on the menu they serve brunch on the weekends. Yes you can order your pizza with eggs!\n\nI purchased the Farmhouse cider for my son. Ciders sell for about $18.00 and some whiskey coffee beans to make at home. Everyone made me feel so very welcome here. They accept credit cards and restrooms are near the main entrance. The stairs are lit at night which is always a safety issue for me.\n\nLocated on Spring Garden Ave in Troy Hill the easiest way to get there is to take Chestnut St off the 16th St bridge or if coming from the West exit Rt 279 towards Rt 28 and follow the signs to Chestnut St. From there drive a couple of blocks and make a right onto Spring Garden. This route avoids have to deal with some of the steep hill Troy Hill is known for.\n\nThreadbare is a welcome addition to the Pittsburgh neighborhood. They are only open Wed-Sun. Weekdays they open at 5. Weekends daylight hours. They offer tours of their distillery and on Sat mornings family tours are offered. Check online for pricing and availability.