As happens to everyone at least once in Vegas, we got lured into this restaurant by an employee hawking coupons good for free drinks and 2-for-1 entrees. We were starving and having trouble deciding on a dinner spot, so we figured, What the hell.\n\nI HAD actually heard of the executive chef or whatever he's called (he's not actually the chef at the restaurant but he designed the menu or something? what word am I looking for? ugh. anyway), which raised my expectations just a bit higher than they initially were after seeing the NAME of the restaurant itself. I think they should change it to something less lame. But that's beside the point.\n\nSo what is the point, you ask? Well, our first round of drinks at the bar was full price and that was SUPER expensive and not worth it for the quality\/amount. However, Jess drank for free the rest of the night by using the coupons for \"pink vodka\" drinks, which she said were not bad. Apparently the bartenders couldn't agree on whether it was pink vodka or pink something-else, but it tasted good. \n\nMy next point deserves its own paragraph. Being completely famished, we ordered an appetizer. Mini corn dogs for $11. Wait, ELEVEN DOLLARS? For MINI CORN DOGS? Well they'd better be awesome -- and they were. BUT. There were only FIVE of them! That's not even enough mini corn dogs to make one FULL SIZE corn dog. For $11?!?!?! I was appalled. Even though they DID also come with french fries.\n\nSince our entrees were 2-for-1, I splurged and got the filet mignon. Jess got fajitas. Not only was I starving, but I was also drunk by the time my filet arrived, so you're darn right if you think I ate literally every speck of food that appeared on my plate. I don't know if I was just hungry, just drunk, or if the filet was actually good. Maybe some combination of the 3. Oh, and the potato cake it came atop was pretty friggin incredible. Jess claimed to love her fajitas as well, although later on she said the chicken was dry. So maybe she was just hungry too? I don't know. That'll teach us to eat whilst drunk. Makes for a super-helpful review later!\n\nBottom line, we ended up paying a little more than $60 total for our meal (they included the tip for some reason although the menu did NOT warn us they would be doing that), but it would have been a lot higher if we had paid for the 2nd entree and the drinks. So, while it was a pretty decent experience, I probably wouldn't come back here if I had to pay full price.