Alright, I love half moons food but gosh I can not believe the service! It's still horrible and I feel bad saying it because our server lastnight was sweet and all but I've never had such horrible service. Actually twice in a row. We came about a week and a half ago for the wings because hands down the best wings in phoenix but we kept getting ignored by our server she was more focused on her I'm guessing Co workers who were hanging out in the patio. We had to seriously wait almost 25 minutes for our check. Our plates were stacked up also which is a clear indicator that we were pretty much done with our meal. \n\nNow we came again lastnight and I seriously was contemplating on even going there because I said to my roommate these exact words \"I don't know if I want to go because we always get stuck with the worst server\" and I totally jinxed it. We sat in the patio, I love the patio it's my favorite spot. Our table never got wiped down so we sat and ate on a sticky table. We ordered spinach dip first and it was sent to the wrong table. (I'm very observant, I'm a hospitality major and was warned if I were to continue with this career my whole restaurant dining experience would change because I pay attention to everything. I also work for a very fast pace busy restaurant who was rank top five for best service in all of phoenix) anyways, we ordered a burger to split, the California burger to be specific and it was delicious! However, it was very messy and we had one napkin to share, absolutely no silverware around and no plates. I've never had to share a napkin at a restaurant yet alone pass my plate back and fourth across the table. Then we got our wings, gotta get wings when you're at halfmoon.! They were of course delicious as always but she took our silverware when she pre-bussed our table and didn't bring us new ones  we were just so over it that we ate the wings chugged our drinks and asked for the check. Thankfully I have cash always because I also am a server. But I wasn't about to wait another 20 minutes for her to bring my card back. \n\nNot all servers are bad we've gotten great service from a few girls, but I was taught that we're a team and everyone helps each other out, there were two other girls working the patio who never really acknowledged us. We made it very clear and obvious that we needed refills on drinks, napkins, our server or service! I felt very neglected as a guest.