Thumbs down!  This place used to be great.  This was the first time I've been back in 4+ years, and it has gone way, way, way downhill.  You no longer get what you pay for.\n\n1st problem - check in.  The girl at the front desk said, \"I have you down for a 50-minute massage.\"  I said, \"No, I booked an 80-minute massage.\"  She laughed and said, \"Sorry, I'm totally spacing out today!\"  She wasn't actually spacing out, she was trying to read the subtitles on the \"Sex and the City\" movie that was playing on the TV behind me.  Whatever - unprofessional and not a way to create a good impression.\n\nDownstairs as my mother and I accessed our lockers, the attendant explained that the jacuzzi area would be unavailable until noon (our appointments were at 10am, we arrived at 9am for the *express purpose* of using the spa facilities).  It wasn't the attendant's fault, of course, but she went to great lengths to explain about how they had \"done something to re-do the jacuzzi\" and the guy who was supposed to do the chemicals had arrived late, so the water was still not okay to get into.  She finished up with, \"You're lucky you weren't here yesterday, there was no jacuzzi at all yesterday!\"  Sure, we could have accessed this space after our massages, but we had plans.  A polite phone call informing morning appointments of this omission from the expected amenities would have been nice.\n\nMy massage therapist was the only GOOD thing about my visit.  He was really nice and did a great job overall.  Unfortunately, my 80-minute massage was CONTINUOUSLY interrupted by voices in the hallway.  I wound up in the treatment room immediately next to the female waiting area.  Every time I thought I had drifted into meditative massage land, it seemed like a therapist was leading another group to\/from treatments.  It wasn't just the guests that were being loud - I could hear every word of conversations, therapists asking where guests were from, discussing plans, even attendants talking to each other while they wheeled carts around.  No one had the presence of mind to speak softly or ask others to do the same.  Thanks - really the relaxing experience I was looking for.\n\nAfter our massages ended, we both showered and changed to leave.  There are stacks of folded towels on the table in the locker room - I saw one towel on the bottom of a stack with a huge red blotch on it (obviously an icky stain of some sort).  I pointed it out to an attendant, the towel was still there when I got out of the shower.  I forgot a comb or hairbrush.  I asked an attendant for one.  She pointed to a pile of plastic-wrapped combs next to the vanity stations.  This seriously caused me to burst into laughter - this is the kind of comb Fonzi might use to slick back his hair.  I know zero females, except maybe ones with pixie cuts, for whom this comb would be useful.  It bent and twisted as I tried to pull it through my wet hair.  It took me 15 minutes to section apart my hair and comb it with this useless piece of junk.  This was really the final straw for me!\n\nThe GVR spa used to be very luxurious and full of amenities.  They have cut back on the luxury, their spa employees are totally lackadaisical, but they certainly haven't changed their prices to reflect the level of experience they are willing to provide.  If I just wanted a massage, I could pay far less at a place like Massage Envy.  People go to spas for the entirety of the spa EXPERIENCE, which is sadly no longer part of the GVR spa.