This is the new GetGo store that just opened at the corner of Bunts and Detroit. To compare it to the old GetGo that was down the street is just completely unfair but I'll do it anyway. \n\nFueling: Huge, open gas station layout with at least double the pumps the old one had. I've yet to wait for a spot although most pumps are usually full. Nice and bright and open until midnight. No more foodperks. Now you get $0.03 off per gallon just for using your GE card even if you have no fuelperks. Bomber. I never got more than like a dollar off in foodperks anyway so this is a bonus for me. \n\nThe convenience store: the old GetGo was so packed and small that I never even bothered going inside - plus if you did you'd get the stink-eye from the guy waiting for a pump spot. (I have been both the recipient and the giver of the stink-eye). This new place is AWESOME! I don't usually get too excited about gas stations\/convenience stores, but seriously, if you could name a bunch of stuff you'd want, this place has it all. Some of the highlights:\n\nSub shop: I was skeptical - thought it would be Subway quality (gross) or worse. WRONG! These subs are great! So many options to pick from and totally reasonable price. 14\" sub was about $8.50 and that was more of a specialty one - some of the less elaborate would be cheaper. The multigrain bread was great and you have the option to toast your sub - yum yum yum! This was a really nice surprise. I would say the quality is definitely at Potbelly level, far and away better than Subway. \n\nDrink counter - wow do you have options here! All the usual sodas, Icees, etc. Plus about 5 coffee choices, espresso drinks, and an ice cream shake machine. Use your Giant Eagle card and get every 6th drink free. Yeah that's right, not every 11th - every 6th! Super good deal and the coffee is actually pretty good. You have about 10 choices for creamer and even can choose organic half-and-half! Never have I seen this before anywhere much less at a gas station.\n\nThey even have a little cafe area with tables, free wifi and  a microwave in case you need to heat up that burrito you just bought (why did you do that when you could get a fresh yummy sub?) \n\nExcellent and MUCH needed larger gas station\/convenience store in mid-Lakewood. Highly recommend the coffee and subs.