I made reservations to Cafe Monarch for a surprise night out for my boyfriend's birthday. Let me just start, if you are wanting to celebrate any special occasion, this is the perfect place! The restaurant is gorgeous with a romantic setting. The bar had an impressive selection of cocktails, scotch, whiskey, tequila, vodka, sparkling, any wine you could possibly think of, and much more. Our reservations were made for 7 but our table wasn't ready so we made our way to the bar. \nBartender suggested the Like a Stone cocktail for my sweet side and boyfriend got the Bella Sera. My only complaint would be the bar is a little small and there's a lot of traffic for the tight area. The hostess was very apologetic because our table took around 40 minutes to be ready. They comped our cocktails for the wait which was appreciated because they're a little pricey but definitely worth it. \nI requested a table outside because I've heard about how beautiful the courtyard is. But of course is was stormy, cold and windy that night. So, it was nice that the hostess seated us inside. Our server, Sam, was very charming and extremely knowledgeable on the menu and wine. We decided to get a bottle of 2016 Malbec from Argentina. It was great but way to much for just us two. But hey, special occasions call for bottles right? \nThe four courses were divine. My boyfriend and I ordered opposite so we could have a try of everything. When it came to the entree, I ordered the seafood risotto because Sam promised he'd tell me how to make it. He never did so next time he owes me. Haha. My love ordered the surf and turf which he really enjoyed. Food like this is worth every penny. Everything was cooking to perfection and the flavors were sophisticated and blended well. It was a tastebud party all night long. \nThere was another server named Andrew who was extraordinary and attentive. My boyfriend was pouring us more wine and he came up and asked if he could do it saying \"you're here tonight to relax and let us serve you!\" We felt so special and cared for the entire night. Best service I've had in a long time. \nWe ended the night with a surprise desert and sparkler that Andrew brought out for my boyfriend. It was a lovely touch. My only regret from the night was not being able to drink the delicious wine that Sam had specially picked out for my risotto. It was spectacular and complimented my meal perfectly. But I was already at my limit and unfortunately couldn't finish it. So, that's a personal apology to Sam and the wine... \nThank you Cafe Monarch for an unforgettable evening. We will definitely be returning again soon and recommending this to all our family and friends.