Believe the hype on this one. \n\nYou want a true hidden gem in the city? Look no further than Solstice.\n\nTucked away in the back of a strip mall adjacent to another mall is a place that I'd been jonesing to visit for quite some time. Knew of Jean Paul and the rest of the team, covered it in stories, the usual. When I heard that the Taste of Clarkson event was running through August, I knew I needed to make it a priority to have dinner here. Four of my friends joined me on this epic endeavor and we were blown away by the quality of the food and service.\n\nEveryone went for the 3-course $30 prix-fixe promotion, with came with a choice of appetizers (salad, watermelon gazpacho or grilled octopus), mains (California strip steak, steelhead trout or seafood paella) and dessert (let's just disregard the other options - we all went for the cheesecake).\n\nI was glad I'd made a reservation, because the place was hopping when I got there. We found ourselves seated very quickly, and our server was generally prompt and on-the-ball when it came to asking us if we needed anything.\n\nEverything was delicious across the board. I wish I'd taken a photo of the octopus, but I was so hungry I just dove in then and there. Polished the whole plate off. I'm uncertain if I've had octopus in the past, but what I tried was bursting with flavor in every bite. Great presentation as well.\n\nThe steak was the star of the show, and it was incredible. Nice, meaty portions with a great selection of seasonal vegetables, including white radish and carrots. Found myself sitting back to savor every bite. You know a meal is good when five people all shut up at once and spend several minutes chewing away in culinary bliss.\n\nWe ended the night off with the \"Canada 150 cheese cake jar\", a somewhat-smaller portion of layered strawberries and a kind of undone cheesecake base. It was a perfect capper to the meal, though I wished the portion size had been just a touch bigger. It's a moot point, though.\n\nI'm kicking myself when I realize I didn't visit before now. I need to go back again!