Dates of visit 8\/9 & 8\/10 2016 for our overnite layover from San Diego, CA to Turks & Caicos (I know, rough life, leaving one paradise city, to go to a paradise country).  Got an hour to kill before we head to Turks & Caicos, and this awesome airport offers unlimited free wi-fi in 45 min. increments....so why not...I'll write a review, cuz well, that's what a true Yelpie fan would do, right? \n\nThis airport reminds me of my beloved favorite, beautiful hometown airport, San Diego.  You can tell it's been redone. Everything's super clean and new! There's even a sign as you drive in that says \"Fit for the Queen\"...how did they know I was coming??? Lol\n\nWhere we are waiting (American Airlines, Terminal D) they have not one, but 2 free charging stations! And what I love about this is that one is the traditional, sit at the counter charging station. But the one I'm at is behind the cushioned seats, so I can charge and sit relaxed at the same time. So now, I can write my review and not drain my battery. Yay for me! And you...cuz you can read my review haha!\n\nCame in last nite, on a Tuesday nite around 6:45pm for an overnite layover. It was busier than I would've expected for a weeknight, but manageable.  Nothing like LAX.  I love how their baggage area actually has a screen with all the arriving flights showing which actual carousel your bags are at...so no walking up and down figuring out where they are. It was pretty crowded for a Tuesday nite.\n\nThis morning, Wednesday, arrived around 9:15am and pleasantly surprised no lines for anything. Now, we are flying first class, so that automatically bypasses lines, but even the regular lines were non-existent. \n\nTIP: Pre-TSA check trumps first class. Our super cool TSA guy gave me a friendly \"Hello, Kitty\" greeting as he saw me wearing my HK shirt, and holding my kitty kat backpack...and instead of checking us thru the first class line, he kindly took the time to walk me and the hubs to Pre-TSA so we could keep our shoes on and leave all our liquids inside our bags! You don't get that kind of service from airport workers. I was gonna take his pic but I'm sure the airport police would've yelled at me lol. Anywhoooo, 5 stars for a quick & breezy pass thru security. I told him \"I'm gonna make you famous on Yelp!\" Hahaha. He really started off our entrance to the airport on a great note. I just love super friendly, happy people!\n\nThere are plenty of dining options, restrooms, and they have the moving walkway thingie if you so incline.  Overall, one of the nicest airports I have been to. And I hate airports. San Diego airport has got some serious, strong competition. This may even edge them out (due to the free wi-fi).\n\nOh and their bathrooms have attendants directing you which side of the bathroom to go in to keep the line flowing.  Automated flushers, faucets and paper towels! I hate the hand dryers which just blow germs around. \n\nOverall, a great experience and the next time we do our Caribbean travels, I would look to flying thru CLT as a layover (overnite or not).