The saying \"to each his own\" is a true statement indeed.  Each customer's experience will be different, good, mediocre or bad.  Needless to say, I had a great experience at Pink Nail this past Saturday. \n\nNow this is not my first visit here, I've dropped a time or two.  Umm, yea...It has not been all fantastic, but if you are fortunate enough to get the right technician, you will enjoy your treatment there.  However, my last couple of visits have been great.  Good techs, but sometimes they don't stay long.  They either have been sent over to work a sister property or the tech went back to the homeland.  (TRUE STORY: my personal experience, I've hadgreat nail tech over the years, but over time my tech either went to a different or went home.) Back to the review...\n\n...I'm assuming that the nail salons are majority family owned, so everybody works.  I understand the 1STAR review, the Matriarch, I'd assume is the dad is NO JOKE.  He's direct, super rough around the edges, I don't think he intends to be, but that's how it comes off.  I just look at him (damn, you can't see the face I'm making right now, but if you could see my face).  Sir, a nice greeting goes so far, ijs man, ijs.  \n\nSo my tech for the evening was this young lady, new to me I've never seen here before.  The salon...ok, ok I have to STOP RIGHT HERE, I'm having a hard time correcting myself.  Let's just call it what it is, a nail SHOP, a nail shop, yes I said it twice. Don't get me wrong, the services are the same but the environment is a 180 in comparison from SHOP to SALON.  I just wanted to throw that out there, just being real.  Ok, so the shop is your typical interior of a standard nail shop.  8pedi stations, 8nail station and of the room for waxing.  Clean shop, tv on the wall, wi-fi (if you have cox you can sign in w\/ your acct) but why would you be the phone when you should be relaxing. \n\nOk my tech, new young lady to me.  I walked in at 615p and walked out damn near a hour later.  I anticipated a rushed job, I went in for a spa pedicure 45mins before closing.  She took her time.  When getting nail service w\/ color always go the gel way, and don't be cheap about it.  You get what you pay for.  Excellent service, reflexology, hot towel, message chair.  My feet are so soft, post pedi, my feet were like baby soft.  Like I was really feeling like a cat, I just wanted to rub my feet on something and\/or somebody.  The fact that I was not rushed is an automatic star.  That is great customer service.  Now add that to my super soft feet, and the cute color, or yea and how she cleaned up the cuticles...yes I will be back.  I hope that girl is there when I go back.  \n\n\"to each his own\"...my experience was great, that's just MY OWN though, check it out for yourself.