I went along with a friend on a Friday evening to this place. At first I was pretty excited because I've heard alot of hype about Korean-style grill places and having had the Chinese-style hot-pot\/grill combinations in the past I thought maybe the grill experience wouldn't be that different albeit with a distinctly Korean flair thrown in. What could really go wrong, right...?? Well, it was certainly not a thrilling experience...\nService was somewhat nice with a friendly accommodating waiter who suggested which daiquiris were favorites among the customers. But that's where the experience seemed to end on a positive note...\nI have no idea what authentic, traditional Korean grill cuisine is back in the \"homeland\" but I certainly agree with reviews of the Korean yelpers on here who say that there is seemingly nothing authentic about this non-Korean operated eatery. The only feature worth getting all \"oohy\/aahwy\" about the whole grilling experience is the gas contraption that is sunk in the middle of the table. Other than that, I really didn't see anything else worth raving about regarding this particular type of culinary experience.\nAnd the items for the all-you-can-eat seemed so limited, listed down on a square piece of paper that was 1\/4 smaller than a playing card. AYCE at Japanese places, dim-sum and even hot pot places offer a bigger selection of items to choose from and I don't see why customers would have to pay extra to get raw vegetables. It would have been really great to wrap most of the grilled meat in large lettuce leaves with a few other raw veggies added in like I've seen being eaten on most Korean food shows. Now that would have been a worth-while experience. Presentation of the raw food seemed hap-hazard and bland and that's noticeable in some of the pictures from other yelpers, most of the items from the AYCE option we choose was mainly red or white in color. And there was only one kind of dipping sauce instead of a couple of selections to choose from to add more flavor to the cooked food.\nI really hope that the Korean-operated places offer a much better grilling experience than this place. Any suggestions...??