Last month my business trip took me back to Las Vegas. I drove to Henderson where I normally stay, and stopped to grab a small bite. I usually take back routes because I enjoy the scenery. Driving on West Horizon Ridge Parkway, this illuminated new sign, caught my attention. The sign read, \"Il Chianti Italian Restaurant\" (pronounced \"Kee Auntie\"). I decided to check it out although dressed in sweats. Once inside I thought to myself, \"oh no, this is a white table cloth place and I'm in sweats.\" I felt out of place; but not for long since the hostess immediately made me feel at ease. \n\nWhile looking over the menu, I could smell the aroma. I observed my surroundings and saw so many happy expressions, and delighted faces. A few minutes went by, and was shocked when the Owner\/Chef Rudy, came over and introduced himself. This friendly gentleman welcome me with a great smile. To me, that told me, he was very involved in his restaurant, and noticed new patrons. \n\nUltimately, I decided on the Insalata Classica and Lobster Bisque. I wasn't too hungry to begin with, but the aroma lured me in. When I took several mouthfuls of the salad, I was blown away with the variety of different flavors and spices. The chicken was tender and perfectly seasoned. Those caramelized walnuts were mouthwatering. What really blew me away was the Italian Garlic Salad Dressing. This sent me to Heaven and back. \"Wow\"!! No words to explain. \n\nSeveral minutes later, the Lobster Bisque arrived. I began the journey of consumption of \"MY\" Lobster Bisque. That first spoon \"sent me into orbit\"!! I honestly was taken to another planet, passed Pluto, than landed in Tuscany as my final destination. Cannot say enough of how delicious it was. Finally, stuffed and content, I motioned for the waiter to call the chef again so I can give him my compliments and kiss the ground he walked on. The waiter smiled and laughed. Unfortunately, I was too full to eat the rest of my amazing salad, \"I so loved.\" I took it to go and promised to return on Monday. The chef informed me that Monday was the only day they were closed. I plan on going back solely for the eating experience, on an empty stomach and to enjoy the rest of that phenomenal menu. A very happy customer, Yasmin Steinke