DO NOT go on a day when their Groupon expires...!\n\nYes, we purchase Groupons and yes, they have introduced us to some very good restaurants very close to home that we never noticed before... Pi Coal Fired wasn't one of them.  \n\nWe had purchased a Groupon many months ago and saw that it was expiring on Tuesday so we headed over for dinner.  The place was full and we were greeted by what later turned out to be one of the owners.  She took our name and the names of several other groups behind us, telling us 'It could be awhile...' then wandered away.  Listening to other diners' chat told us that most of the restaurant must have been there to use their Groupons too.  \n\nWe stepped up to the bar and were greeted by a very ignorant waitress who didn't like the fact that I was asking her about her light beer draft selections.  Settling on a Coors Light bottle and a Yuengling draft, she told us that it would be $7.  I paid, we drank and waited.   \n\nThere must not be an assigned 'busboy' here because tables were sitting dirty without anyone around while we stood at teh bar wondering if we should bus them ourselves.  The owner kept coming over, letting us know it would be soon, but not heading over to bus the table.  If this was my restaurant- I would be doing everything in my power to get people seated, served and on their way.  But no, she kept saying, 'I'll get someone on that'...\n\nFinally seated we ordered right away, knowing that it could 'take a while'.  We then noticed the sign outside saying that between 6-10pm Yuengling drafts were $2.  Was my bottle $5?  We asked the waited and were informed that we were overcharged by 'miss attitude' at the bar.  But, he didn't offer to reimburse us.  All the while, as we observed, people were finishing up and ready to leave and there was no-one to get their check.  Miss attitude was no where to be found.  I'm surprised the one table waited around as long as they did because we would have left.  \n\nOur paninni arrived and it looked boring.  Plain looking sandwich, no garnish, handful of Ruffles Ridges tossed onto the plate.  5 minutes go by and the owner comes over to check on us.  'Do you folks need anything?' she asks.  I tell her that 'My Calzone would be nice'.  She tells me that calzones take a while and it'll be out shortly.  Well, why not hold off on delivering the paninni till ALL the food is ready???  We order another draft.  5 more minutes go by and my calzone arrives.  It looks delicious, melted cheese running out... but not as hot as I would have expected having come right from the oven.  Cutting it, it wasn't steaming and I was able to 'bite right in'.  The sauce that came with it is the blandest pizza sauce I have ever tasted!  It tasted like crushed tomatoes, straight from the can.  Asking our waiter about it, he tells us that that's the way it always is because they put fresh basil, garlic & herbs on the pizza's and not in the sauce, 'It keeps the sauce tasting better' he said.  Well, IT DOES NOTHING FOR THE CALZONE!      \n\nI finished half the calzone, my wife was so annoyed at the poor service that she didn't touch the paninni.  We requested the check.  Their was no mention of the overcharge at the bar for the beers and our check showed $11 for the calzone, $11 for the paninni and no charge for the draft.  The menu lists the paninni at $9... so... there's a little creative 'book-keeping' here to skirt the drink tax!  Now, I don't agree with it either but they're not saving me any $ by not paying their fair share!  Total bill is $23.54.  \n\nI'll give the calzone an A, the paninni a C, sauce a D and service an F...\n\nWe will not be going back here again, Pizza Sola is way better!