I was once mesmerized by the off-green turquoise shopping bag so affectionately known as 'Tiffany Blue' like any other girl, despite existing in the world as a six foot one, two hundred and fifty pound man. \n\nIt cannot be attributed to my metrosexual phase that I'm sure every man has been tricked into entering at one point during their lifetime, because as I emerged from this second coming of male puberty, my infinity with jewelry only grew deeper, and unfortunately for Tiffany & CO, so did my knowledge about jewelry. It didn't take long for me to realise that sterling silver and white diamonds are to fine jewelry, as hotdogs and burritos are to fine dining.\n\nIf the Yorkdale location was the flagship of Tiffany's stronghold in Toronto, then the brand would have gone the way of the Titanic a long time ago. Among all the international luxury brand locations I've visited, it is the worst. This store is a candy coin dispenser in comparison. I've never stepped into a more mundanely designed retail space, and the service comes just short of a sophisticated talking Japanese vending machine. \n\nThe first person to meet all customers upon entrance is the security man; he awkwardly smiles at me, leaving me trying to make the decision of whether to awkwardly smile back. Half of the staff seems preoccupied with something, even when they're not. Whether I get taken seriously have solely depended on the type of shoes I was wearing during my visits. When offered help, it feels more like someone older is trying to help me find my way from losing my direction than luxury service. I don't suppose many people entering its premises with their Adidas gets treated like a human being. No matter, I shall not be intimidated by silver salesmen. Did I mention I was two hundred and fifty pounds?\nThat's over five hundred thousand carats!\n\nAssistance is often hurried based on the item inquired for purchasing, and no one will be able to answer any technical wisdom pertaining to the diamonds without having to refer to whatever book they use to reference things. \nWhere do these diamonds come from?  \nHow should the silver be maintained to prevent from staining?\nTo what level can your polishing services restore the product to its original quality?\nI feel like I need to administer a water-boarding session to get an ounce of truth from these people, assuming I can get their attention in (God forbid) a pair of jeans in the first place.\nWhat's the point? There is barely anything here to spend my money on. Nothing, absolutely nothing from any of the exclusive collections found online can be found here. This quite literally is where people pick up cheaply made trinkets, and that done-to-death Tiffany charm--which trend has replaced with Cartier Love bracelets. This Tiffany & CO locations survives solely on the general public's ignorance towards precious metals, gems, and jewelry overall. \n\nThe overall experience is offensive for any jewelry connoisseur, and I am willing to bet that customers here post more photos of their Tiffany Blue bags more than they post of what's in them.