I went to Waverly's at the Cannery Hotel & Casino with a group of three couples on New Year's Eve before seeing a really fine performance by Anthony and the Imperials accompanied by a live 12-piece orchestra inside The Club.  Dinner offerings were limited to what appeared on a special New Year's Eve menu, so what was served was a bit atypical from what Waverly's normally presents.  But the food was not that far removed from this restaurant's normal everyday fare, which consists of fancy steakhouse offerings and fairly high-end Continental cuisine.\n\nAn immediate hit this night was great fruit bread in a bread basket, which tasted like raisin bread but better.  Lobster Bisque was smooth and delicious, served in a bowl that contained a couple of big hunks of lobster which were tasty although lukewarm.  Unfortunately, the same was true of a generous helping of Roasted New York Strip Loin which was well-seasoned and tasty but not very hot.  But a warm Cabernet Wild Mushroom Demi-glace helped add some heat to the entree.  Immediately preceding the main course were deliberately cold crab cake and good shrimp served with greens, carrot pieces, cut cucumbers, a bottle-shaped red tomato, almonds, and bacon in an interesting array called Waverly's Chopped Salad with Shrimp.  Bacon Cheddar Au Gratin Potatoes were hot and cheesy, and good glistening green beans sufficed as a second fine side.\n\nService was good, with very fast Iced Tea refills.  Dessert was another unusual treat, which I will call \"The Dessert With No Name,\" since even the restaurant acknowledged upon being asked that it was a concoction Waverly's chef threw together, and did not name.  With pieces of apples and a creamy cannoli-like filling in a pastry shell resting on a plate that was drizzled with chocolate and caramel loops, it looked like apple crisp, and had \"2012\" artfully emblazoned on its top.  The dish fell apart quickly with a spoon, and tasted very good.\n\nOverall, this was a fine meal that would have gleaned five stars if only the lobster chunks in the bisque, and my strip loin entree had been served hot.  I had never encountered this type of problem here before when meals were individually cooked to order rather than en masse on a holiday.  So, I still regard Waverly's as the pride of North Las Vegas for upscale cuisine.