Three strikes, it's out for me.\n\nThe first time I came, I was with a big party and the wait for food was over 40 minutes. Since we were with a bigger party, I was completely understanding. The second time I visited, my boyfriend and I had dinner here. Again, longer wait, and I was a little annoyed at that point. However, when I saw a Facebook notification for their \"Jazzy Christmas Eve Brunch\", I thought it sounded wonderful and that we should give them one more try. I made our reservation for 1:00 pm, however, due to the nature of the busy Christmas holiday, I called around 11:00 am that morning to see if there was any possibility that we could arrive earlier. The woman on the phone was hesitant (although she did not explain why) but told us we could arrive at 12:15. We arrived a little early, as it literally only takes us around 6 minutes to drive here from our house. It wasn't that busy and we were sat right away and ordered our meals by 12:13. The jazz musician was wonderful- very friendly and he played wonderful music. Had it not been for him we wouldn't have been able to wait the 50 minutes it took for our food to come out. Again, the place wasn't that busy. I ordered a typical breakfast- two eggs, white toast, home fries, and turkey sausage. Brendan ordered the Eggs Benedict with home fries. We also both ordered drinks- Brendan had iced coffee (which tasted old) and I had a bloody mary (not bad- but nothing special at all- completely opposite of how the drink menu describes it). Now, it's not just the wait that is frustrating. If I had to wait 50 minutes for the best meal of my life, or close to it, ok. But waiting for 50 minutes for less than average food is a waste of time. The portion of home fries Brendan received was embarrassing- maybe 10 little pieces of fried potatoes. It looked like they were just dropped into a deep fryer, they were dry and there was no veggies like peppers or onions with them. The Eggs Benedict was even more embarrassing. I wish I had taken a photo, but frankly we were starving by the time our food came out and we were too disappointed in our experience to take a photo. The Eggs Benedict was served on English muffins- tiny piece of ham on each one, over done poached egg and barely any hollandaise sauce. It was the poorest excuse for Eggs Benedict that I have ever seen. My breakfast was below average as well- the white bread was so incredibly dry that I didn't even want to eat it, the home fries were bland and dry, the sausage was fine though and my over easy eggs were cooked correctly. We just wanted to get out of there, but I decided to talk to our server and inquire about the wait. The server was obviously disappointed in the establishment and informed me that this is a reoccurring problem. The kitchen here is too small to serve a large amount of people, yet the managers insist on booking many reservations. The result is incredibly long wait times on food and food not being prepared the way it should be. The server was great and attentive the entire time, as much as she could be, as she also had a table upstairs. Not one aspect of our below average experience has to do with the service we received. After paying, I decided to speak with a manager to express my disappointment in our visit. I talked about the 50 minute wait time, and the below average food. The manager was not surprised at the wait at all, and mentioned their small kitchen problem. I informed him that this should not be a reoccurring issue and should be taken as a learning experience for the restaurant. Especially on a holiday weekend, people should be warned about the long wait time before making a reservation or even being seated. Speaking to the manager did not change my feelings about this place at all. \n\nI really love the new business scene in Homestead and do my best to support these businesses as often as I can. However, I will not waste my time and come to Dorothy 6 again.