Ok, I have not been here for almost 7 years when it first opened up because I thought it a little pricey for what you get, and being a family man, NO KIDS MENU. Well, I guess with recession they have smartened up. My wife and daughter and I went in on a coupon special that was a pretty good value. Thought we would check it out again. Right off the bat, I asked if they had a kids menu,and they do, a really decent one too. My daughter loved the monkey mask, and she has food allergies - the menu was GREAT FOR HER. In fact, meeting her needs was the best thing they did that day. They even accomodated a dessert for her - banannas instead of ice cream with strawberry sauce.\n\nMY FOOD - first of all, my wife and I are big water drinkers, issues with sugar, fake sweeteners and caffeine. Believe it or not, we still tip well contrary to the rule of thumb about water drinkers. Our waiter was jerk from the start. Not accomodating, unwilling to give the dressing choices for the salads - he said - \"the usuals\", but the worst was the water. For a yuppie restaurant, the water was not filtered and tasted like a bandaid - I think they were dropping in sanitizer tabs to get people to up the bills. We did not want to order pelligrinos that day and we were really thirsty. He said it always tasted like that, if we didn't want to deal with the taste to get a drink. My question is, if it is the local water, the sodas and teas would also carry some bad flavor.  We have eaten at every restaurant surrounding that, and did not have that problem. I ordered an iced tea, and my wife got a seltzer water, which they charge for. She was only trying to avoid the taste of the tap.\nThe food was plentiful, but kind of bland - we ordered the chicken piccata caprese. Then the dessert came out, and my brownie was a  pile of crumbles with whipped cream on top. WOW! Not bad taste, but made you wonder. The manager was never notified, although they got a new dessert and I was afraid it was going to be spit in because the waiter was kind of jerky. After I talked to the manager who was an even bigger idiot, and made me want to never return. I actually said something because my daughter liked it, and I wanted to try it again - but now I am unsure about it. Maybe, but 3 strikes and they will be OUT!