I called today to request a consultation appointment and briefly explained the situation regarding the reason for my call. She was extremely rude and dismissive from the very start of the call. She stated, \"You don't have to hire an attorney to represent you in court. You can do it yourself.\" What on earth?! What kind of an attorney says that? Did she really just tell me not to hire an attorney, despite the fact that I just told her the opposing party had already hired a lawyer and we needed legal representation since we would be going to court?  She then proceeded to chastise me, saying \"cases like this need to be handled from the beginning\". I thought to myself...Okay. I was not a part of this case \"from the beginning\" so there really isn't anything I can do about that, but thanks for the reprimand. I then asked her to clarify if she was \"stating that her firm was refusing to assist with their legal services\" as her comments seemed absolutely bewildering to me. She said \"Oh no, you can hire me as your attorney if you'd like\". She then stated that \"there must be some other reason why she (the other party) wants to take this to court\". Again, she made this comment despite the fact that I had told her exactly (as per the opposing party's words) why this was being taken to court. Her comment and tone made me feel that she was insinuating that I was withholding information or lying. Why would I do that? I was just looking to schedule a consultation and gave her a little background information so that she would have general knowledge for said consultation. \n\nThen she stated \"My appointments are $200 per hour and I know a lot of people call just to get free consultations\". Another interesting jab, especially considering I had never mentioned anything about wanting a FREE consultation. You get what you pay for, right? I explained that the fee was not of concern and wanted to schedule an appointment for next week (despite my better judgement with how the call had been going) and then continued giving her the necessary background information regarding the case. She then cut me off again and said \"Look, I only give 5 minute consultations over the phone and we are already over that. I can schedule you for next week\". I looked down at my phone, noting the 4 minute and 48 second duration of our call and wondered how exactly that is considered to be \"over 5 minutes already\". \n\nI decided I'd had enough. I couldn't care less how much I have to pay to talk over the phone or for a consultation. Your fees aren't what concern me.  What I needed was to find a good attorney. One that would care about what is going on in our case and not about counting minutes. I need to do what I need to do, and pay what I need to pay in attorney's fees to get this resolved. If I'm not concerned about the minutes and your fees, then you shouldn't be either. So I said, \"You know what, no thanks\" and hung up. I should have hung up the call much sooner. I should have known better when she told me not to hire an attorney and when she chastised me like a child. I wish I could upload a screenshot of the call duration (which was EXACTLY 5 minutes by the time I had hung up on her) and that I had recorded the conversation. I'm flabbergasted right now! She was so unnecessarily rude that I cannot even comprehend it. It was just so unexpected. I was extremely disappointed, especially taking in to consideration her great reviews from avvo. :(