COLORED ONLY: Sat in what felt like the minority section of the patio which was the secluded darkened desolate corner area. This area probably wouldn't have been so bad, but this area also doubled as the smoking section for a family of Russians who decided to come out for a smoke while we were eating...not \"da harasho\" for us. So if this didn't make you feel like you were in the \"minority section\", I guess the lack of space heaters would. Every other table had at least one\/two space heaters in the vicinity, but we got ZERO on a slightly nipple chill'n' night. When we asked Roger our server for one, he just responded with an off-the-cuff response that there weren't any space heaters (we're out of propane\/not working). This would have been slightly tolerable, if we had just popped in unexpectedly, but we had reservations well in advance because this was for a bachelor party (also our tables and chairs didn't match the rest). The only way this was rectified, was luckily for us a food runner named Tommy took the initiative and went into action and GOT US A SPACE HEATER. I'm glad he stepped up, otherwise we would have just gotten left in the cold. \n\nSo why did we not get the attentive service we should have? Maybe our party looked young, and they didn't feel as though they had to go the extra distance, but whatever the reason, Roger didn't come through as he should have although I should say he was very professional in managing his ability to hold on to whatever tip he could hope for. Also his other assistant Mano (don't know the spelling) definitely did do a great job because he did most of the work (not a shock he was minority, haha). Of course, what should be said is that we were most likely just the recipients of bad service\/management, but I throw it back to race and blame it on my  Filipino entourage.... Ok, all kidding aside, the moral of this story is that it's not necessarily race\/discrimination, but sometimes its just crappy sub-par service whatever color you are.