I'm Taiwanese and I love this new addition to the Squirrel Hill area! I brought my other Taiwanese friend on my first visit and immediately it was like going back to Taiwan. The service was on point, and our server was so enthusiastic! We ordered all the things that are naturally most Taiwanese and generally not found in other restaurants nearby (gua bao, scallion pancake with beef, pork intestines hot pot, golden duck yolk pork) to judge the authenticity and quality of food. We were both so happy with everything, from authenticity of all the foods, to crispness of the scallion pancake with beef, the perfect ratio of duck yolk to meat, etc. The price point is comparative to the prices of all neighboring Asian restaurants like Rose Tea Cafe and Everyday Noodle, but the food is 10x better! I used to go to Everyday Noodle all the time before I noticed a decreasing quality of their noodles (I will give that I go during busy hours)... and was ready for a new Taiwanese restaurant around the area. I left with an extremely happy stomach and knowing I would be coming back.\n\nSince my first time in September, I have come back on many occasions (practically every other week), bringing different friends each time and recommending my other friends to go try it out! I have tried so much on their menu now, and while I can attest that their other foods selection are terrific as well (zong zi aka glutinous sticky rice, beef noodle soup, and mapo tofu hot pot are really good options too), if it is your first time going, I would definitely recommend ordering the foods I got my first time. That's why you go to a Taiwanese restaurant as opposed to another, right?\n\nOne thing I do regretfully have to say is to steer clear of is their bubble teas (or boba if you're Taiwanese like me!) and their soup dumplings (xiao long bao) though. If you want quality bubble tea, I'd say still go to Fuku Tea and order their loose leaf options. If you want soup dumplings, I'd still pop in Everyday Noodle since they handmake theirs on the spot. For every other menu item though, I'd say give Cafe 33 a chance and you won't be disappointed! (Did I say to get gua bao yet?)