Those of you pining to try a slice from Pizzeria Libretto but can never get in on time to nab a table can take a sigh of relief, as the Danforth location now takes reservations (via telephone only).  There are 2 seatings, one at 6:30PM and another at 8:30PM.\n\nEast-enders can now enjoy some Neopolitan pizza without having to make the trek out to the west end.\n\nThis location is slightly bigger than the Ossington location.  Wood is still the main feature in decor.  The kitchen is towards the back of the restaurant, and it still amazes me how 12 people can fit back there.  It was interesting to watch the action that is the Head Chef shouting out the orders and delegating tasks to his staff.\n\nThe restaurant is definitely busy, and it seems that a lot of families have piled in here for the promise of better pizza.  The local pizza joints must be cursing the arrival of Libretto.\n\nI came here with my best friend for dinner on a Friday night.  Thankfully we had reservations.  We were promptly seated and informed about the daily specials.  Shortly after, our server re-emerged with water for the table and also offered us some bread (which we declined in order to save room for our meal).\n\nThey have a short list of wines if you fancy a glass.  To my disappointment, most of the whites were more citrus-y and acidic (apparently, as per our server, to complement the pizza). \n\nTo start I opted for the Pear & Fig Salad tossed with Blue Cheese and White Balsamic Vinaigrette.  I am no stranger to bold-tasting cheese, but the blue they used was just too overpowering for my taste buds.  And that's coming from someone who loves all things cheese.  The figs were fresh, and the pears added a nice crunch.\n\nFor mains, we ordered both the House-made Sausage and Pork Belly pizzas.  We were rather disappointed to find that the carnivorous house-made sausage pizza was almost herbivore - there were scant chunks of sausage sprinkled atop an otherwise plain cheese pizza.  The pork belly pizza was essentially a plain cheese pizza with a few strips of discoloured bacon on top.  Although both pizzas were quite delicious (I loved the thin-crust), I expected a bit more grandeur and finesse in the ingredients and presentation.\n\nMy best friend adores 2 types of dessert: Crême Brûlée and Tiramisu.  So we opted for the Tiramisu.  It came in a Mason Jar, so throw all images of your traditional Tiramisu out the window.  I failed to taste any coffee or liqueur flavour in this dessert.  But I could definitely taste the sugar!  It was a sweet, sweet, sweet dessert!\n\nVerdict:\n\nLibretto has a nice ambiance and its a great place to grab dinner with a friend.  Their pizza crusts are yummy (almost reminiscent of naan without being as dense), and the pizza sauces are delicious.  Our server was great.  I would love to come back and try some of the items on the Assaggini menu (e.g. tapas and small plates).  But I think I will skip dessert next time.