Yes, 5 stars...and here's why.  I base my reviews based on what should be expected from the type of restaurant you order from.  Plain and simple this is fast food. To justify each star I'll put it this way.  Star #1 - Value.  You get a lot of food for the price.  A \"small\" fry there is like a large at any other fast food place, you pay about the same price and the fries here are amazing.\n\nStar#2 - Options... this place has so many choices it's kind of mind boggling.  I haven't really had anything here that I didn't like. I've tried Salad, burritos, gyros, burgers, BLT, etc. and everything is pretty good and well portioned.  Are you going to get the best burger you've ever had?  No...but they're well above average when you put it against any other fast food chain.  If you're a burger snob and seek out the best burgers...then you won't claim Burger Mania to be tops on the list..but if I have a choice between any chain out there, and Burger Mania, they're pretty damn good. The same goes for a lot on their menu.  Things are solid...not the best but pretty tasty.  But their fries, OMG...they are really good. \n\nStar #3 - Service - Everyone is pretty friendly, you sometimes find the owner here and he's always very nice. When you use the drive-thru,  you will wait a while...the bigger the order, the longer the wait...it isn't super speedy service...but do I care?  They are cooking food fresh to order.  You're not getting some thrown together piece of crap that's ready before you've even pulled out your wallet to pay.  You order it, they cook it...the way it should be.  Food is always piping hot, fresh off the grill, outta fryer, whatever.  Never had anything stale or old.  I don't mind waiting a couple extra minutes for fresh food.\n\nStar #4 - cleanliness - The outside of the place is very wacky...kind of a joke really.  You pull up and you're thinking \"is this a kids place, a burger place, a taco place...It's called burger mania, but they're advertising Mexican food and Gyros...what the hell are those metal sculptures? Then you go inside and it is even more confusing...chicago sports decor, license plates, a ton of gumball vending machines, a video game here and there.  It's like they couldn't decide what kind of theme they wanted so they picked a little of everything and called it a day.  But maybe that's where the \"Mania\" comes from...it is total chaos, the decor...but the place is clean...sanitary, nothing gross.  That's what's important.  You serve good food...sanitary and clean....sure, go ahead and put a robot on your roof and have buzz lightyear flipping signs advertising your $4.99 special...it's all good to me!\n\nStar #5 - Quality... Put your unrealistic expectations aside.  This is Burger Mania, not some fancy gourmet burger place.  You're not spending $15 on a burger with truffle fries here.  This is just good old fashioned diner style fast food, so you should base your expectations on that, pay a fair price, get fresh quality ingredients and be happy.  Stop judging it based on the exterior.  You'll get a tasty meal at a fair price...fresh chopped veggies...no limp-ass tomato discs that you see with most fast food chains...you get real fresh stuff here cooked to order..and again...Fries...order the fries.