Decided to spend the afternoon at B&N since my boyfriend was looking for a new read.. Sunday, so while I expected a fair amount of family's and the noise that comes with them, I was pleasantly surprised that even the children passing through were well behaved and virtually unnoticeable from behind my book. The disruption was instead caused by employees. I realize this isn't a library, but customers camping out and reading quietly is the norm at any B&N. 2 lady employees were complaining loudly; one was a teacher, maybe the other was as well? The one complaining loudly was young and clearly unhappy with her students. From there I heard all about how they didn't listen to her instruction on an assignment and her subsequent \"punishment quiz\" she gave them afterwards. \n\nThis conversation made me sad. I couldn't help but listen as they were standing literally right in front of me and they were by no means hiding their remarks. Clearly this woman isn't connecting with her students and instead of taking a different approach she went with punishment. No wonder her students didn't listen to her, she seems to hate her job...\n\nMy boyfriend had left his book in the chair next to me... I saw it when he did it and knew he was doing it wrong; he'd left the book face down and open (the way you shouldn't leave a book). I didn't think much of it knowing that he would be purchasing it, however the other employee did. She clearly didn't realize we were together and when she noticed the book she grabbed it and exclaimed how much she hates it when people do that. I explained that he was coming back and the he would be purchasing this book to which she shoved a magazine subscription card in his place and explained they can't sell the books after they've been bent like that. Totally understand her point. 100%. She just seemed so unapologetic after I told her the situation and caught her exploding unnecessarily.\n\nI guess the point of my review is more about professionalism on the job... Happy with the store as a whole, disappointed in the employees. Makes me not want to ask for help in the future...