The show was pretty decent but I found the two overly flamboyant homosexual characters to be pretty offensive. It is 2015 and no longer acceptable to portray gay people this way. \n\nThe service was dismal. Honestly, I think it was the worst service I have ever had. We booked three tables for my office Christmas party. First, neither host\/hostess could find our reservation, although I easily found it on their sheet and pointed it out to them. Next, we sat down and ordered drinks right away but they didn't arrive until we were well into our second course over 30 minutes later. When we mentioned the long wait, we were advised to order our second round of drinks now if we wanted to see them by the main course so we did. That round of drinks arrived promptly which resulted in everyone having two full drinks in front of them. \n\nThe server insisted that we begin to order food as soon as our first table was all seated, even though I asked if we could wait until our whole party had arrived. This is basic etiquette! As a result we all had soup in front of us as the others were arriving and mine was ice cold by the time I was able to actually eat it because as the host of the event, I had to get up and greet everybody and distribute drink tickets as they arrived. \n\nThe tables were so close together that you must sit with your stomach literally touching the table (I am not an overweight person) and the servers still cannot get in behind your chair to serve you. All night we were continually asked to pass food and drinks down to the end of the table. By the time my plate reached me about five people's thumbs had dipped into my food. Then we had to bus each other's messy plates afterward as well. The chairs are also very uncomfortable, especially for the length of time you are sitting.\n\nAt the beginning of the night the server asked if there were any dietary restrictions and I let him know I was vegetarian. He kindly brought me a tomato basil soup but then brought out a salad with bacon on it. Main course was vegetarian lasagna with vegetables. The vegetables were greasy, the lasagna was salty and everything was ice cold.  \n\nAt the end of the night we would have loved to sit and talk for a while but the bus staff came and asked us to begin bussing our own table (passing every dirty dish and glass down to the end). She then dropped several glasses which broke on the table and she asked us all to leave so she could clean it. We were literally kicked out 3 minutes after the show ended.\n\nI understand why they demand gratuities be paid in full at the time of purchase because none of these people would ever see a tip otherwise. I am embarrassed I recommended this place for our company Christmas party and will not be coming back.