I'd seen Luxe pop up on my Yelp suggestions from time to time... wasn't quite sure what to expect from a \"Mediterranean\" restaurant.  Perhaps I was envisioning bean sprouts and cocktails infused with anise.  I certainly learned a few things from this experience - one being that I really didn't know what Mediterranean cuisine even meant.  Hashtag sheltered, I guess.  Turns out it's very broad, my friends.  \n\nUpon entrance into this hidden gem, your eyes are quickly drawn to the glorious chandelier and endless ropes which line the large glass window.  There's got to be a neat story behind that, so get the skinny on this and post a review for me later!  Thanks buds!  I forgot to ask our server!  Why, you may ask?  I was completely taken aback with the delicious Brie platter and couldn't be bothered to dig into the ambiance details.  Don't make the same rookie mistake!  Question your environment and THEN dive head first into a cheese platter.  But give it a second, because this brie was B-O-I-L-I-N-G hot!  It was laden with dates and walnuts (lookie here - it added a nice touch for lovers of nuts and berries, but I myself am a cheese purist... I would have preferred the brie alone!)\n\nSad to say the restaurant was out of brussel sprouts... I saw them on the menu in advance and came prepared for action.  I can't blame them though - our server told us they had gone through 250 lbs of 'em in an unbelievable amount of time.  Even more reason to come back - Round 2!  Fight!\n\nI ordered the carbonara and it was sinfully delicious.  I have really high hopes when it comes to creamy garlic parmesan sauce, and I have to admit, when it's mixed with bacon there can be a really fine line as not to overwhelm the sauce with the flavor of bacon.  You Freaking Guys!  Luxe hit this dish right on the head.  Yes I still got that amazing bacon flavor I know and love with the perfect crisp (crucial) and yet the powerful and vibrant cheese blend did not go unnoticed.  These two flavors swirled together in a sea of absolute harmony.  To make matters even CRAZIER, I couldn't eat all of this rich decadence here and took it home for a re-heat... NO. FREAKING. WAY!  It was still incredibly tasty and the noodles maintained that awesome consistency!\n\nThe price point is a little high, especially when you're downing some tasty cocktails, but they do have a Happy Hour which I will certainly be checking out in the future!  Regardless of cost, it's absolutely worth it.  The serene outdoor patio is a scene that NEEDS TO BE SEEN.  How many words with \"een\" sounds can I put in one sentence?  Test me!\n\nThis was a fantastic experience and I can't wait to come here for another cherished occasion.  Thanks, Luxe!