Just left a lunch service that took a little more than 2 hours. Food is delicious. Grilled octopus was bomb. Lobster pasta great. Sea bream fantastic. The menu is on the pricey side but at lest the food is good. So why 3 stars? Service. It was garbage.\n\nI think we were forgotten from the get go. We sat around without so much as a menu or introduction from our server. When that wait got way too long we flagged down a random server and asked for some menus. He apologized and said he would find our server for us. We saw him approach the guy who would eventually announce himself as our server, but our server still didn't come by for another 10 minutes at least. Finally a busser took mercy on us and brought bread and filled our water 20-25 min after being seated. When the server finally came by he asked if we'd like something to drink. Fortunately by that time we'd had plenty of time to memorize the menu and said we were ready to order. He appeared perplexed. He took our order and left. 10-15 min later he said he couldn't find our drink order in the computer. Huh? We said we handnt ordered drinks and he said \"oh ok\" and left. My wife assumes that when he asked if we would like drinks and we responded that we were ready to order that what he actually heard was we had \"already\" ordered drinks. \n\nA different server brought out our appetizers because she said she didn't want them to get cold while waiting for the third appetizer to come out.  Thanks for looking out, though it makes me wonder why there would be such a lag between three appetizers in a prix fixe menu. Perhaps our server didn't fire things or time them properly?\n\nWe asked the busser and a different server (since ours was nowhere to be found) for a bread\/oil\/butter refill about 4 times before it finally came. \n\nOnce the main courses came out and the food was delicious I mellowed out a little bit. Figured, well, rough start but hopefully now we can finish on a high note. We finished eating and sat with dirty empty plates for easily 10-15 min. Eventually someone else cleared the table and i figured dessert was incoming. Nope. \n\n20 minutes later (I know because my sister called and we had plenty of time to chat, watch my nephew via FaceTime open his Xmas gift, etc), the manager (I assume, he was wearing a suit) brings us our melted ice cream. \n\nSo seriously, wtf? Tables around us that were captained by other servers were turned over in less than half the time we sat there with our thumbs up our proverbial you know whats. A table right behind us sat 30 min after us, and they were done, table cleared, and the next group had menus in hand and drink orders in while we were asking other people (not our server) for the check. Another server (not ours) picked up the check for us when we were ready to pay. \n\nAll I can figure is that our guy was in over his head from the word go and never caught up. His colleagues tried to pick up some of his slack but they have their own sections to run - and to be honest looked like they were doing alright. So bad luck on our part, but this is supposed to be a nice restaurant charging premium dollars...they're supposed to get it right every time, right? \n\nI will withhold the name of the server from this review, but I did leave a note on my receipt indicating my dissatisfaction with our service.