1st and only visit. My boyfriend and I went on 02\/05\/17. Nice and beautiful surrounding. We called ahead and was told the wait was about 30 minutes. Got there before 10:00 am (can't recall exact time) Waited 45 minutes close to an hour. While talking and enjoying the view my guy notice not to long later that there was an open table. Names were being called, but they never once sat anyone at this table. I was starting to get a little impatient because this wait was longer than what was told to us, but I let it go because we were enjoying being outside together. We were called to be seated and would you believe we were seated at the exact same table that my boyfriend notice was empty the whole time we were waiting. So we get seated and it still took the waitress about another 15 minutes or so to come take our order and by now I'm really annoyed, but still being as patient as I can be because by now I'm starving. So we order our food and when it brought out she drops it off and leaves with asking if there anything further she could do for us. We prepare to eat only to realize that we have no silverware. We had to flag another waitress down to get silverware. We flagged down the bus boy because he was the only person we seen to asked for condiments and this time that we're requesting these things our waitress never once came back once to check on us. She finally came with the condiments we asked the bus boy for, but by then it was to late because we had finished eating. We were waiting to pay our bill when a gentleman walked up to check out at the next register. He said to the cashier \"I would like to pay for my drink\" the cashier said \"sir you don't have to pay right now we'll add it to your bill, and gentleman said \"that's ok my family and I will not be staying this wait is to long\". Now if I can remind you readers this is almost 2 hrs after us because it going on 12 pm. So I paid for our meal and my boyfriend asked \"are you going to leave a tip\" and I said hell no!!! The service was horrible and I will not pay someone for not doing their job!!! So we leave and as soon as we got in the car (I swear I cannot make this up folks) a woman approaches my window and said \"hi I'm (don't recall her name) the manage and I notice that you did not leave a tip and I would just like to know why, was something wrong\"??? I looked at this lady standing at my car door and told myself to keep a cool and I said.... yes there were a few problems, we waited longer than the time that was provided to us, when we got our food we didn't have any silverware to eat with had to flag down a different waitress for that, we had to asked the bus boy for condiments, our waitress brought the condiment to us, but it was to late because we were finished eating, the food was good but the service was horrible. She said \"I apologize about that and I will be talking to her and thank you for coming\". I closed my door confused as all out. I turned and looked my guy and said don't you pick another restaurant without reading the reviews 1st!!! Moral of this story is because of that bad experience we will not be going back!!!