On June 6 I took my car to Doctor Auto with an oil leak.  3 weeks later I had to buy another car.  Please read so you will be better informed about your own auto needs and service.\nI have a 94 Saturn an oil leak.  They checked out the car and told me that I had two oil leaks.  One from the oil pan gasket one from the valve cover gasket.  I needed a smog check as well.  And I asked them to check why my window wouldn't roll up all the way.  The price quoted was approximately $570.00 this included $15.99 for the smog check and $39.99 for an oil change.  They said they had to charge for an oil change because I had no oil. They couldn't fix my window.  I ok'd the repairs when I picked it up Nick the manager gave me a $35.00 discount.  I drove to work the next day and when I got to work (29 miles from my home) I saw that the car was leaking oil at an alarming rate.  The oil had sprayed all over the engine and was dripping on the ground.  I had no oil. I called Nick and told him what had happened.  He agreed to have it towed.  I waited for 3 hours and I had to call the tow truck driver myself to find out what was happening.  I also had to make several phone calls to Doctor Auto to find out what was going on with my car.  I had to leave work early to get a ride there.  The car was supposed to be ready by 3pm.  I left at 3:30.  Apparently there were one of two valve cover gaskets that they could have installed and the wrong one was installed. \nI drove to work the next day and when I got to work my car was leaking oil again.  This time from the oil pan gasket that they installed. Again, I had no oil.  I called Nick again and said I wanted my car towed and I wanted a rental car. They complied.  I had the rental for a couple of days.  When I picked up the car Nick handed me my keys and said here you go.  I was angry and demanded my money back.  They gave me back the $444.00 I had paid for shoddy labor.  \nOn my next working day I drove to work and on my way home I heard a ticking noise.  When I got home I check the oil level.  No oil again.  I called Nick and asked if they had forgotten to put the oil in the car.  No, but he sent a technician to my home and put 3 1\/2 quarts of oil in the car.  There were no visible leaks.\nI drove the car for about a week when I noticed a clicking noise again and checked the oil and  for the 4th time in two weeks I was driving with no oil in the car.  Dr. Auto came to my home and picked up the car and had it for 6 days. I had gone out of town and I returned to the news that they had changed the spark plugs and pcv valve and who knows what else (I never received any paperwork nor do I have any proof that this work was done). THEY TOLD ME I NEEDED A NEW ENGINE!!!  They could get me a rebuilt engine for $600.00 and they would only charge me $50.00 per hour for labor instead of their going rate of $97.50 per hour and it would take 8-10 hours to install.  Nick said that my car was not leaking oil it was consuming oil and smoke was coming from the exhaust pipe. Smoke had never come from my exhaust.  Nick told me that I may not have noticed the exhaust because the car is white.  I asked him to not insult my intelligence.  The owner John brought my car back to my home.  I, of course, wouldn't let them touch my car again.  \nI had repeatedly asked what kind of engine damage could be done driving it with no oil all of those times.  Nick said none at all.  When John brought my car back I asked him if my car was smoking from the exhaust so much and I needed a new engine, how did I pass a smog check when I first brought the car to them.  His words were \"I don't have an answer for that\".\nI drive 60 miles a day to work and home.  I was not going to put a new engine into a 20 year old car.  So now I have a new used car with car payments and higher insurance rates.\nMy experience was a nightmare.  Initially Nick was not very apologetic and came across as not caring what happened my car .  I spoke to John about it and the attitude changed.  I think he was trying to take care of me but I think the labor was substandard and I believe that driving without oil on all of those occasions ruined my engine.  \nNeedless to say, I don't recommend this shop.  My car was filthy with oily fingerprints on the hood and door.  The rubber sealing around my window was not put on properly after taking off the door panel and there are greasy prints on the door panel.  \nI don't believe they intentionally messed up my car, but I do think they are responsible because of the mistakes that were made.  Nick was always the person I spoke to regardless of the promises that the owner John wanted to speak with me and \"make things right\".  I never received one phone call from John.\nI'm sending this review to Angie's List and I have already filed a complaint with AAA and I am filing a complaint with the Better Business Bureau and The Dept. of Motor Vehicles.  I am also sending this review to Channel 13 consumer advocacy. BEWARE!!!