It saddens me to have to downgrade my review for this business. I have been going to this salon for over 2 years loyally. Initially, it was awesome. I was so glad to have found them. (You can read my initial review on here). Over the past 6 or so months I have seen a decline in their customer service. First of all, my favorite manicurist left. She moved to the other side of town which is not their fault and I understand it. So I decided to continue my SNS dip manicures with Rachel. Who I believe is the owner of the salon. When I first met Rachel about two years ago she was so welcoming, nice and she really seem to be genuinely appreciative of my business. But I guess after me going into the salon at least twice a month getting manicures and pedicures and spending about $200 a month which includes the great tips that I gave they became complacent with me as a customer and just assumed that they had my business forever. I felt that Rachel's attitude and demeanor towards me became complacent as I've already stated. In addition, I don't know who the gentleman is that works there (if it's her husband or not) but he also seems to have the attitude that they are the only nail salon in town. The last time I went in and which I have decided it would be my last time going in was when I was getting a pedicure and I couldn't get up from the chair to go pick out my colors. There was some new dude working in there who I had never seen before and he offered to go select my colors for me. I gave him an idea of what I was looking and he brought back several choices. I pointed to the bottle that I wanted and carried on with my pedicure. When I went to go pay there was an extra three dollars added onto my bill. So I asked the guy (that I was referring to earlier) what that charge was for. He rudely and flippantly said to me that because the color was chosen from a certain side of the shelf there was an up charge of three dollars. I told him that his employee should have told me that when he brought back the bottles for me to select from. And I didn't think I should have to pay the three dollars. He argued with me for a little bit and then when he saw that I was not going to pay it he finally took his hand and kind of waved me off as if he was dismissing me or he was tired of talking to me and he took it off of my bill. I wanted to cuss him out right then and there. I wanted to tell him how dare you? After over two years of me spending almost $200 a month every month in your business that you would argue with me over three dollars????? If this is my business and I had a loyal customer I would not have charged an extra three dollars. That would be something I would just give to them because I am appreciative of them being a loyal customer. I was done that day they will not see me again and they have lost $200 a month at least from me.