On a recent review in the same area, I spotted this restaurant and made it a point to give them a shot once I was back in the vicinity.  Here are my thoughts....\n\nLocation & Aesthetics -- located on North Arrowhead Fountains Center Drive in Peoria just before Abuelo's restaurant, or actually in the same lot.\nNot difficult to locate as the restaurant was large enough that you cannot miss it and with good signage.\nLots of available parking in front and side of the restaurant plus the parking lot is shared with Abuelo's restaurant so no issues to find an available spot.\nInterior -- as you enter, you are greeted by their friendly staff who will open the door for you (don't see too much of that).  \nAs you enter further, you will be greeted again by another set of staff that will inquire how many are in your party, let you know if there will be a  waiting period, and will provide with you with a small handheld buzzer if you have to wait. \nOn the evening we went, there was a 15-minute wait which was acceptable.\nOff to the right of the greeters, there is a small waiting area that conveniently had a menu on the wall to view while you waited.\nNoise level for a restaurant of their size was acceptable and what one would expect.  \nVery clean all round -- floors, seats, and tables.  As patrons left, I saw that tables were quickly cleaned for the high turnover of incoming patrons.\nThe interior is large with booth-like seating that was very comfortable and spacious.  There's a variety of seating to accommodate any party size.  Even the aisles were very spacious with lots of room for maneuverability.  \nWalls were rustically decorated along with lots of flat-screen TV's previewing a variety of sporting events.\n\nService -- staff were friendly all round, from the staff that greeted you and opened the front doors, to your waitstaff that served the food, to the waitress that took your orders.  \nOne staff member who showed us to our tables, the same individual that opened the front door for us, asked if we had ever been to the restaurant before.  We said no and she proceeded to tell us a little about the restaurant and what they were known for.  As we left, she even remembered us and asked how was the experience -- nice touch!\nMenus are on the tables -- specialty drinks menu along with the main menu that contained all dishes, appetizer, regular drinks and desserts.\nTo note, if you check in with the Yelp app, you can earn yourself a free appetizer though the appetizer is only limited to 2 choices -- Chorizo Queso Dip or Crispy Fried Pickles.  We opted for the former and it was amazing.  The queso was warm enough for dipping and contained perfect portions of spicy chorizo sausage, pico de gallo and green onions.  Chips were not oily or greasy.\nOne basket of chips wasn't going to cut it with our party size so the waitstaff brought more without us even asking -- nice touch!\n\nMenu -- not very extensive but there's enough on there to make you want to come back for more judging from the mouth watering burgers I saw some other folks ordering or the large onion rings!   \n\nFood -- I ordered the Bubba's Signature Ribeye -- char-grilled espresso marinated 14 oz. ribeye steak that comes with 2 sides.  I had the coleslaw and the steamed broccoli.  \nThe steamed broccoli was cooked to perfection and not over steamed to be limp or under steamed to be too crunchy, and the coloring was brilliant.\nThe coleslaw was not too creamy or swimming in its own salad dressings.  If either vinaigrette or mayonnaise was used, the proportions were enough.\nThe steak was juicy, tender, and cooked as requested and to perfection.  Marinating the steak in espresso gave it a slightly sweet aftertaste which was very pleasant and highly enjoyable.\nMy only minor gripe is that I wished the dessert menu was a little more extensive than just having 3 available desserts available (-1).\n\nOverall, great experience -- great food and atmosphere, and great service and staff!\nA must recommend and we will most definitely be back to try some of those mouth watering burgers and onion rings I saw others having!