Although I am not a country fan, I hauled my family from Mesa into Scottsdale to try out Whiskey Row because I heard the food was good and there was an available Groupon. We arrived at the restaurant just as Happy Hour was starting and it was near-empty. We sat down at an enormous camouflage-upholstered banquette table that made King Arthur's Round Table seem puny. My mom, brothers, and I practically had to shout across the table to each other, and when our appetizers arrived, we had to slide them back and forth like an air hockey puck. There are also 4 beers on tap right at your table (a cool touch, but we were not drinking at the moment), so we had to negotiate our food around this island, too. \n\n    I was pleasantly surprised that we could get the Happy Hour specials with our Groupon. We ordered a lot of scrumptious appetizers, as well as entrees. We had the fried pickles which came with a creamy cucumber ranch sauce that I could have licked out of the cup. I also had a picnic chicken slider, which was to die for in its fried chicken perfection. To bask in more fried chicken heaven, we also had chicken fingers and rings, as well as wings. All delicious! \n\n     For my main dish, I had a whiskey burger with extra whiskey bbq sauce. You can actually taste the whiskey. The jalapeños were a nice touch-spicy, but they didn't kill me. I opted for the side salad, which was underwhelming. \n\n     I gave my brother my leftover half of my burger so I could save room for dessert, which I split with my mom. We ordered the banana bread pudding. It is one of the best desserts I have eaten in a long time. The bread pudding was melt-in-your mouth with chocolate chips and a crème brulée finish. It was accompanied by vanilla bourbon ice cream. Again, you could taste the bourbon, which I really enjoyed. \n\n     The only draw back was the ambiance. At night, this place seems like it might become a college hangout. I'm not opposed to that, but it probably gets quite loud. \n\n   All in all, this was a delicious dining experience, and I am excited that a Whiskey Row will be opening in Chicago very soon.