The first time my friends and I went here a few months ago, we enjoyed the unique Market experience.  There is a food bar and two sizes of bowls.  There are rice\/other starches, veggies, proteins and sauces.  One of the staffers puts the ingredients you chose into the bowl and it's taken over to a huge flat grill where the chef cooks it.  The food was very fresh.  Although the regular bowl is a little pricey at $19.99, we decided to try it again this past Tuesday.  First, it was a very warm night and glass doors were open to the patio.  There were fans on but it was a little too warm.  The food on the food bar was a little wilted.  The young man (may have been a manager) was the one to get our bowls together.  But he didn't seem to know the food.  There were two bowls of meat with a tag that said lamb and a tag to the side that said sirloin.  I asked for sirloin and he took from the bowl in back of the sign for lamb but I assumed he knew better.  It did turn out to be lamb which I ate but would have rather had the sirloin.  When it came to the sauces, I am limited, cannot have cream based sauces.  I saw a sign for balsamic vinaigrette but didn't see anything that looked like it.  I asked if they had it and he proceeded to a container of creamy yellowish dressing.  I said no I wanted balsamic and he looked at the sign and started to scoop it up again.  I said no again, that isn't balsamic and I can't have the cream based dressing but he started to give me a taster anyway.  I ended up with teriyaki, the only non-cream based sauce.  This is important to know if you are vegan or have dairy issues, that choices are limited.  It was frustrating that he had no clue.  We did go on to have an enjoyable evening; wait staff was great, water constantly refilled.  A man I assume was the general manager breezed through, asked how everyone was doing and turned the fans up.  However, after one of my friends noticed that her bill had been rounded to an even amount.  I didn't take my receipt but I had the same as her and realized mine was the same even amount.  She contacted our friend who found her total was rounded up.  It wasn't a lot but that is not cool.  If there was some promotion, it wasn't communicated so any round up was unauthorized.  There are too many good options in town to bother going back there or recommending the place to anyone else which I did initially.  However, both times we were there, they had a guitarist (not sure if the same person) who provided great background music.