I really dig the idea of this place. It fits perfectly into my families wants as far as food goes. The prices are a little bit much if you ask me. So this is not a place we can frequent as often as we would like to.  But the idea of a sports bar with sushi and American Classics with a twist is pretty freakin cool. \n\nLast Saturday was my second time here. Both times we were able to speak to one of the family members who owns the place. And the first time we talked to the Chef. They are very proud of their place and I love that. But be ready to be talked to. These guys are from Jersey and its obvious. We don't get enough of that in AZ so I find it refreshing. \n\nThis place is filled with TV's, I am looking forward to going there and watching a game sometime. They have the whole open bar that opens up to the outside and the inside. I really love that. And lots of spacious seating all over. \n\nMy family and I decided to share a few appetizers to start. We had the Crispy Pork Spring Rolls: Marinated ground pork, fresh garlic, carrots, cabbage, scallions. Served with sweet chili sauce. The ground beef was so flavorful that I could have eaten it with out the sauce, but I am a big fan of sweet chili sauce. The outside was perfectly crispy. Then we had Crispy Cheesesteak Dumplings: Shaved sirloin, sautéed onion, roasted peppers, three cheese blend. Served with Guinness cheese sauce. I was not the biggest fan of this one. It was very plain. But my husband seemed to like them. I will say that both of these fried items had a lot of grease that covered the bottom of both plates. I'm a fan of grease, but this could be unappealing to some. \n\nI decided to get the Taco's as my entrée (usually an appetizer.) Cilantro Lime Chicken - pico de gallo & spicy mayo.Korean Barbecue Beef - apple cucumber slaw, sweet & spicy lemon dressing. And the Slow Braised Pulled Pork - pico de gallo, salsa verde. My lease favorite was the Braised Pork. Didn't have a whole lot of taste and was a bit burnt. I really loved the Korean Beef taco. The coleslaw was nice and tangy and really complimented the pork. The chicken was very good as well. \n\nThe boy's had the BBQ Burger with fries. They liked it very much. And they split The Tuna Pizza as well. Tuna Pizza Crispy tortilla: spicy tuna, avocado, tobiko, tempura crunch, spicy mayo, and eel sauce. I had a chance to try this and it was really something. I think this was the boy's favorite out of all the items we tried. Everything went so well together. Such a great idea. \n\nBefore we left the staff showed us some of their daily speccails they were trying out and they seemed very appleaking. I remember the prices being just right. SO we will be keeping an eye out for those. We really loved the staff just about everything else about this place. We hope it keeps up in popularity and sticks around.