** Review on Winterlicious Lunch 2017 ($23) **\n\nI've heard of Fred's Not Here a lot from friends so when I noticed that it's part of the Winterlicious lineup this year I've decided to give it a try. I booked my reservation online using OpenTable.com and it was super quick and easy, and I prefer this way much more than calling them to reserve my table. You can easily change your reservation and look for alternative times on the website as well. \n\nEnvironment:\nThe restaurant itself is good size for the location that it occupies on King St. West. It had a really nice ambiance with cool paintings on the wall. At the back there was an open kitchen where you could look into how the food was prepared. Despite it being an open kitchen, the smell didn't go through to the dining area, which was good. \nThe restaurant was mostly filled when we arrived for our 12pm reservation on Sunday, but since we called ahead we got seated promptly. I noticed that the restaurant was very loud because there were many tables in a small space. Also, I didn't like how our table was so close to another table beside us that it might as well be the same table, because I could hear everything the other table was talking very clearly. Like seriously I don't care how the people on the other table was doing and I have no intention of having them listening to our conversation either. \n\nFood:\nOur server told us the most popular dishes for the Winterlicious lunch were the Lobster and crab soup for appetizer, Steak and pasta for entrée, and Cheesecake for dessert, which were what I got. We also tried the Caesar salad for appetizer, Seafood Fettuccine for entrée, and Chocolate almond torte for dessert. \n-    Lobster and Crab Soup: I was amazed by the soup because the presentation was really nice and it tasted delicious. On top of the soup bowl we had a layer of puffed pastry, which was really soft and fluffy on its own and tasted great if you dip it in the soup was well. The soup was really hot (in terms of temperature) and it had a nice spicy kick to it, but I really liked how it tasted. Unlike most spicy foods, the spiciness in the soup lingered in my throat area, and it be easily washed down with a sip of water. Just as I expected, there was not a trace of seafood in the soup, similar to many lobster bisques, but for its original price $10, it's a really good choice for Winterlicious appetizer.  \n-    Caesar Salad: It didn't really look like the traditional Caesar salad and in my opinion it didn't taste very great, plus the portion was pretty small. \nSteak and Pasta: The server offered freshly ground black pepper and feta cheese on the dish. At first glance the dish didn't look very big, but it was surprisingly very filling and was good portion for a lunch entrée. The angel hair Pasta was really thin, which reminded of vermicelli, and I like the flavor with the tomato sauce. The steak was nicely grilled to medium rare as I specified and I really liked the woody charcoal flavor. One thing I noticed was the lack of salt in both the steak and the pasta that I basically had to sprinkle my table salt vigorously to get the flavor that I liked. I wish they could have marinated the steak. \n-    Seafood Fettuccine: Also came with freshly ground pepper and cheese at your request. It food looked good and there were good amount of seafoods in there. We even found a small lobster tail!! The flavor was good, similar to the pasta mentioned above, but also lacked salt. \n-    Mango & Berries Cheesecake: The cheesecake was actually pretty small, most likely smaller than their normal dessert portion since Winterlicious is at a discounted price. The flavor was good and the cake was soft and creamy with no ice shards.\n-    Chocolate Almond Torte: This was another cake actually, and similar to the cheesecake, the portion was rather small. It looked like your average multilayered chocolate cake but I really liked the rich chocolatey flavor and I was glad it wasn't overwhelmingly sweet. \n\nService:\nI think our waiter did a great job at serving our table while managing the other tables. He was really humorous and sociable, and he took the time to explain to us some of the dishes on the menu.  \n\nOverall, for the $23 you pay for the Winterlicious lunch at Fred's Not Here it was pretty worth it, given that you get a 3-course lunch and they offered a really large menu to cater to different tastes. The dinner menu had some of the repeats of the lunch menu, including the fan-favourite lobster and crab soup.