I thought N9NE was waaay overpriced.  \n\nLobster bisque (split) :  My gf and I ordered the lobster bique and I thought it was very well made.  A little heavy on the salt, but I've actually never tasted a lobster bisque salted to my liking.  Flavor was very rich and creamy, yet light at the same time.  The cognac was a nice touch.\n\nSteak: They claim the aged steaks are the most popular item on the menu, but is it good?  We decided to try it.  I split a porterhouse 22 ouncer with my girlfriend.  I ordered medium but received medium well. My friend (we came with another couple) also ordered a porterhouse and it came out well done when he ordered medium rare.  If we're going to pay 50 dollars for a steak dinner they better get it right!  So we ask our server to recook our steaks.  She checks the meat with a flashlight and agrees that it was overcooked.  While we were waiting, they brought out two shrimp cocktails for us on the house.  That certainly made us very happy.  It made us glad that they actually screwed up our steaks haha.   When they finally remade our steaks, we dug in.  It was cooked pretty accurately this time, but I just came to the conclusion that the steak wasn't very good.  I've had MUCH better for half the price.  The meat was stringy and it seemed the juice wasn't being retained in the steak.  The sauce that they used wasn't great, I believe it was a wine reduction sauce.  Overly salty and flavorless.  Have my taste buds become spoiled?  \n\nSide #1 Lobster mashed potatoes:  This mashed potatoes were pretty decent.  I'd prefer it a little less \"mashed\" if that makes sense to you guys.  It was a little watery for me.  However, they must have been very generous to stick all that lobster in there.  I mean, the chunks were huge and plentiful.\n\nSide #2 Creamed spinach: This dish was average.  It's like any other creamed spinach at a standard steakhouse.\n\nI probably woudn't return to this place to eat, wouldn't mind coming here for a drink though.  The environment is very club-like, everything is dimly lit in a soft blue color.  Although it's dim, its bright enough to read items off the menu.  \n\n3 stars for the service and environment, 1 star for the lobster bisque, -1 star for the overpriced steak.