First, the only reason that Vaccaro's didn't get a higher rating is the service. While the server was incredibly friendly, we waited - and waited - and waited....and that was just to put in our order. I watched several tables around me waiting, and becoming equally impatient. Now, I also watched the server skip over my table several times when he most certainly could have stopped by.  I will grant that I was wearing jeans, and certainly more casual than the older couple that he DID choose to pay attention to...but I was certainly dressed appropriately and I happen to be a VERY good tipper. Obviously i'm still a teensy bit bitter. :(\n\nNow, I'm all about the experience, and I don't mind having a longer dinner...but we were there nearly 2.5 hours, and we arrived at 7pm. I had a flashback of several meals in Europe where I practically had to beg for the check after 3 hours so that I could go home!!\n\nOk, enough about what I felt was below-average service for the price. On to the food.\n\nThe food itself was amazing. Had \"Fruits of the Sea\" for an appy - baby scallops, lanogostino, and calamari in this lemony, slightly spicy sauce full of deliciousness.\n\nSalads - tried both an iceberg salad with white french dressing, and an heirloom tomato caprese, with sliced bocconcini. Both looked fabulous - I couldn't choose so I ordered (and ate!) both. And both were wonderful, though I think I preferred the caprese salad a bit more.\n\nDinner was the traditional Lasagna, and I selected the veal bolognese sauce to go with it. This was hands down the best lasagna I have ever had (please don't tell my grandmother I said that!!)...it even beat out Papa Joe's, which has been my fave for many years. TONS of layers, lots of ricotta cheese, and served with the bolognese surrounding it. Absolutely amazing...and equally good left-over, I might add...\n\nFinally for dessert...Had a cannoli duo - one \"traditional\", one chocolate filled. The chocolate one was awesome...but I didn't really care for the other one. The filling was off...it was citrusy, and yet almost seemed devoid of flavor. Just didn't really care for it.\n\nAverage price for an entree will run about $15-18.