I just dined here tonight and I was so unimpressed with the experience that I had to write a review - my first.\n\nSERVICE: 1\/5\nOur server forgot about us after the appetizer. We waited at least 30 minutes before someone overheard me ask my partner where our food was. At that point, the table next to us was already onto dessert. I guess one of the waiters overheard me and tapped my arm asking what I had ordered. We repeated our order to him; my order came correctly, however, my partner's didn't. I asked why the service was so slow and where our original waiter was. Our waiter replies, \"Have you not been to a restaurant before? This is not a fast food joint. It's a full house tonight.\" \n1) our server was straight out rude 2) this was slower than any fine dining restaurant i've been to and it was clear that we were forgotten (had i not said anything, we would have been sitting there in the dark for who knows how long, we had to repeat our order and the food was cold) 3) no need to get defensive - poor customer service skills on his part and 4) if you can't handle a full house, don't seat so many people - it looks like it's affected the quality of service. \nWe didn't even know how to get our server's attention, he was never around.\n\nFOOD: 1\/5\nThere is nothing that shouts fine dining. I ordered the calamari and my partner ordered the octopus for an appetizer. They tasted exactly the same - hard and burnt. Dining in the dark heightens other senses and it definitely did just that.\nFor the main I had the the risotto with shrimp. It was cold. Probably because we were forgotten. I had maybe 2 tablespoons of risotto on my plate which to be fair tasted decent - but I couldn't help but think they scraped whatever was left in the bottom of the pot since the kitchen probably thought they've served everyone their main.The shrimp was terrible. It was salty and 'mushy'. I also had some strange meat in the dish, I couldn't tell what it was. My partner had the surprise and did not even know what he was eating. He asked the waiter after it was served to him and the waiter responded with, \"well then it wouldn't be a surprise.\" What if someone had food allergies, he could have atleast asked if we did. And since we couldn't make out what we were eating in this surprise dish, that just tells you something. \n\nEXPERIENCE: 3\/5\nIt was definitely a different experience dining in the dark and something worth trying but I would not recommend you do it here. Calling themselves a fine dining restaurant is stretching it. You'd think at least the food or the service would be good but unfortunately neither turned out.