The WaunaQueen and I dropped by Fleming's on a Sunday evening for a glass of wine, a couple of appetizers and a great view of the sunset over the west side of Madison with a couple of former co-workers.  As mentioned in other reviews, there is a subset of items from the drink and appetizer menu available for $6 between 5pm and 7pm.\n\nWe ordered a couple glasses of the Vinedos Terranoble Sauvignon Blanc, the baked brie and the French onion soup just before the end of happy hour.  The wine came recommended by a wine blog I follow and it was the right choice for the setting and a decent value at $6 a glass.  \n\nThe baked brie was a disappointment - just brie baked in a less- than-crispy puff pastry shell.  The cheese lacked that earthy flavor and needed a boost, whether from a sauce or some added herbs.  The gala apples served with the dish started to brown by the time we received our plate.\n\nThe French onion soup ($12) also disappointed.  This dish is good test for a restaurant.  It takes time and skill to coax the natural sweetness out of the onion.  Rush the dish and it is bland, cook the onions with too much heat and they become bitter.  Cook the onions slowly at low heat and you are rewarded with a wonderful caramelization that provides deep, rich flavor.  The Fleming's version of this soup was on the bland side of the spectrum with its thin broth.  The baked gruyère and parmesan cheese topping was well executed and added a much needed punch of flavor.\n\nOur group enjoyed the patio setting at Flemings.  Despite sitting near the bustling intersection of University and Midvale, there was very little traffic noise to interrupt our conversation.  Our server was efficient, but less than enthusiastic.  At happy hour prices, it fit the A-OK definition of a three star rating primarily due to the setting and the wine list.  Outside of happy hour, I probably will go elsewhere to find more satisfying food options.\n\nUPDATE: After posting this review, I did get a message from the restaurant manager, apologizing that my happy hour experience with them fell short.  Her message was sincere,  appreciating that I took the time to provide feedback.  I then spoke with the manager on the phone and because of that positive interaction, I do plan on returning to Flemings.  It's a favorable sign when a restaurant uses feedback from their patrons to improve.