I have taken this shuttle many times between Phoenix and Flagstaff. The customer service is SO TERRIBLE. Today I attempted to catch a ride from the Metro North station in Phoenix. I called to find out where they pick up and the agent said \"behind the Walmart parking lot at the phoenix bus transfer station.\" so I sat and waited for my shuttle. I called again because they were not on time for the 2pm pick up and they said \"they just left he airport so they will be a little late.\" And I replied \"well I'll be there so don't leave me.\" I'm sitting at the bus stop and waiting and waiting. No shuttle. Finally I look up at 2:18 and I see a shuttle exiting the parking lot but it never came around the bus pavilion. I called the shuttle company and they were unapologetic and said they can't reach the driver once he's driving and that the driver makes no announcement when he reaches metro center. The exact spot to meet the driver is across from the pavilion towards wal-mart. It is NOT at the bus pavilion. You have to be waiting looking at Harkins theater and the shuttle pulls up for one second beside two handicap parking signs. If you are not standing there he keeps driving. There is no sign for Arizona Shuttle or Open Road Tours and they do not attempt to call your mobile phone. The driver does not get out of the shuttle. He does not beep a horn. He does not care if a bus is obstructing your view. I was facing the opposite direction thinking the shuttle must stop in the the parking lot in front of me. The pavilion is surrounded by parking lots.  I missed the shuttle and had to wait 1.5 more hours in the heat for the next shuttle. I was told \"keep your eyes up and wait for the shuttle to arrive\" there should be clearer directions on the website and when you call there should be a script that their employees follow to direct people where to meet the shuttle. At the airport it's much clearer and a representative meets you and checks you in. Terrible service and pick up at Metro Center. Attached is a photo of where you need to wait