(This is a second review - worse than the first AND ALL TRUE) \n\nOn Sunday, 9\/10\/17, we were bothered ALL DAY (4pm until AFTER 10 pm) by CONTINUOUS stomping, running and what sounded to be flipping and tumbling. Once, something banged the ceiling so hard, it shook my dishes in the cabinet. \n\nOn Saturday, 9\/9\/17, the mother could be heard speaking to her 3 year old son in a scolding tone as he played on the patio. She then began to vacuum the balcony from one end to the other. We learned why on Sunday evening, when we went onto the balcony - there was potting soil all over the far end of our patio floor that apparently the child had been playing in, while he was not being watched. He is often left out there to play alone, and pushes things through the patio planks which end up on our patio. Yes, we've notified the adult of this practice. Not once or twice...several times. A child being a child? Sure! But the child has parents who are supposed to supervise him.\n\nMonday 9\/11\/3017 The water draining from the apartment above ours has nicely saturated the rug in our bathroom and a good bit of the floor. A steady drip that began in the bathtub soon and quickly escalated to a pour. And then a stream began coming through the HVAC vent beginning at 7:15, continuing until 7:50 am. Someone else's USED bath water. DISGUSTING!\n\nMaintenance was called and once we spoke at 7:26 am we were advised by that he would be here within 25 minutes. It is now 8:09 am and no. (He finally arrived at 8:19 am - 6 minutes shy of an hour) By this time, the people in the overhead unit had been gone for 15 minutes. Just before they left, our living room lights went dark, which contains our internet modem - we are now without use of electricity in the kitchen and living room, and have no cable nor internet. I am sending this email using mobile hotspot. ***Found out from Maintenance that the bathtub was filled with water and had run all across the floor - 2 adults obviously not watching the 3 kids and 1 toddler.\n\nIn addition to the pour of water, we were once again serenaded with LOUD and continuous stomping from above beginning at 7:20 am, ending only once the people above left the apartment. I kid you not when I say it sounded like a full session of gymnastics going on. We heard them leaving, talking loudly and laughing in the breezeway and took note of several children and 2 adults getting into a vehicle outside our window. The adults, were not the tenants of record but apparently visiting overnight, without the tenants being onsite.\n\nWe have asked and asked, been cordial in communication with the up stairs neighbor, and emailed the office several times. We have been continuously ignored by apartment management (we got ONE call after 3 emails that began at the early stages of our lease - 10 months ago). Nothing since. No emails acknowledged, no calls regarding the continuous noise issues that begin prior to 7 am and often end after 10 pm. Today, we walked into the office and invited the only person on duty to come hear and see for herself (it took me asking 3 times) She was surprised by the noise, darkened room and the dirt - took a cell phone pic of the dirt. She apologized and made sure to let us know she's new, can't make up for what's happened, that the Manager is due here and she'll be advised. I doubt we'll hear anything or if the perpetrating tenants will be dealt with, but hey...miracles never cease.\n\nWe maintain a very quiet, non-intrusive lifestyle and respect the shared space. Our lease ends in November, and we can't be happier to leave!! Based upon first reception here, we never expected the inability to relax without daily, extreme and intrusive noise - our existence since day 1. Not the normal and expected noises that come with apartment living, but outright chaotic interruptions that cause us to sometimes just leave home. Uncooperative tenants are one thing; less than helpful or concerned management is altogether different, and that is unfortunate, but apparently the accepted practice with the Silver Collection.  I am speaking from MY experience and that's the one that matters. That is my conclusion due to the consistent inaction on the part of local management. MY experience. MY opinion.\n\nWhile people cannot be totally controlled, lease agreements are supposed to be adhered to and enforced when foolishness such as you've just read continues to occur. All the resident activities and amenities don't matter one bit if the residents are not heard and actively shown that they and their hard earned money matters. A NOTE TO MANAGEMENT: Don't put on a good show just to get a lease signed. Maintain the good show, be sincere, and be responsive to repeated complaints. Answer the phones when they ring. Acknowledge emails. Don't boast of having a courtesy officer who is never onsite when called upon. May not matter to Management, but I hope it helps a potential tenant look and choose elsewhere.