for a second hand store, they need to really take some febreeze to the clothing that they accept. i went in last week and the whole store reeked of an old damp basement with a mix of curry and body odor. it was disgusting but i had time to waste and nowhere else to go. sifting through the racks, i was surprised at the lack of quality clothing on the hangers. also, they shove so many hangers on the racks that it's difficult to actually see the article of clothing without pulling it off the rack but then getting it back on the rack is just as difficult. i've sold to platos closet before when they were across the street years ago. they offered the lowest cost for your clothing while reselling it at a much higher price. i tried on a few items the last time i was in and wasnt impressed at all. a pair of pants were totally stretched out. another sweater on a rack had lint balls all over it. this store is good for preteens and teens that want semi fasionable clothing but to say its at a reasonable price would be tricky. yes, some items are priced well, but many others aren't. i checked out the hats. there was a film of dirt on the rim of many of them. i highly suggest washing any clothing, shoes, jackets that are bought here. also, they expect you to bring in clothing thats folded neatly in bags yet if they decline any clothing that doesn't interest them, they shove it back into the bag, no consideration. i had to take it upon myself to get a changing room because nobody was back there the last time i went in. \nthe employees also need to keep their personal conversations to a phone call or personal space\/area. one time i went in and these 2-3 girls were chatting about sex and boys.\nI'm also curious as to why I'm not given a list of the clothes they're willing to buy from me with the amount they are offering? I find it sketchy and not very professional. Very inconsistent with sales associates buying clothes. I've gone in on two occasions where I've brought in a shirt from aeo, great condition, in style. The first girl accepted and bought the top. Then the other day i went in with the same top in a different color ans they guy refused siting that its not in fashion. Ok then buddy.