I'm rating this place solely on the food\/service.  I can't comment on whether or not the nightlife here makes the experience better.  We came during what must have been a down night as the only thing that made this place a club like atmosphere was the easily recognizable radio songs, expensive alcohol and strange lighting. \n\nWe were seated promptly next to the center bar.  It was early and there were other tables full of people, but the restaurant was mostly empty.  The random assortment of bread was nothing to write home about, and I've spent enough time on it here.  There is a rather extensive daily menu, which serves to supplement their rather bare normal menu.  Nothing spectacular though, but if you're wavering it might make sense to call in and see what else they might have.\n\nWe started with the rockshrimp appetizer, which was decently prepared and salted if nothing special.  You get chopsticks to eat it with though.  The kind that come in a wrapper without instructions on how to use chopsticks.  Classy.  Since the menu did not have a bone-in NY, I opted for the 22 oz bone-in porterhouse, medium rare.  We also ordered the gnocchi as a side, which is one of t he few times we've gone against popular Yelp opinion on sides.\n\n I have to comment on the service though.  Poor at this point is how it should be described.  Our appetizers were never cleared from our table, and sat in front of us, clearly done for a good 5-10 minutes.  When our steak arrived, the server had to remove our empty plates to set down our entrees.  He was surprised as he had to put our entrees back onto his platter.  That is unacceptable for the type of restaurant it is supposed to be.  When there is a head waiter, second waiter, water guy and server, something this simple should not go unnoticed on their part.\n\nWe got our steak, and due to the poor lighting it was extremely difficult to tell by inspection how it was cooked.  Visuals don't matter though, taste does.  I'm pretty sure my steak was closer to a medium than to a medium rare though.  I'd be much more sure if they did not overuse the peppercorn on it.  The spice use was far too heavy handed, and really hid the flavor of meat. I was disappointed in the steak, but finished it.  I normally am tempted to pick up the bone and start gnawing on it, not here though.  It was not neceessarily bad, just not worth the price.  \n\nI had a bit of lobster and lobster mashed potatoes that my gf wound up with.  I'm glad we went against the lobster mashed potatoes though.  That was just strange.  Some things should not be combined and lobster is definitely a stand alone item to my tastes.  The gnocchi however was pretty tasty and very different.  I'm glad we chose that and even managed to clear that plate up.  We finished up and service was once again slow to get our dessert menus.  We went with the chocolate banana cream pie under 2 assumptions; I love banana cream pies and we would probably never come back.  \n\nTurns out the dessert was the most entertaining part of the meal.  Presentation of it was awesome (see picture posted above) and it was pretty tasty and definitely worth the price.  It had a lot going on with it, but I enjoyed each flavor, particularly the caramelized bananas.\n\nOne last word of note, there is a bathroom attendant, so don't head in there unless you got a couple ones on you.  I wanted to make a bad pun about his job as he seemed pretty laid back, but I somehow managed to not and grabbed a jolly rancher from the tray and left.  All in all, I suppose on an on-night this place might be a great time, but if you're looking for food and service that is above average, look elsewhere.