We decided on Gaetano's for dinner as I had been wanting Italian for a while. We got there right as they opened, so there was no wait. The dining room is cavernous and very well decorated. Of note is it seems the owners take cruises - due to some of the artwork. Nice white tablecloths and well-appointed servers show this is a serious Italian place. Sadly, I cannot remember our servers names, but they were fantastic. We never had to seek them out and they were always around to care for our table.\n \nWe started with an appetizer that they were featuring that night. Fresh mozzarella with greens and tomatoes and a balsamic reduction. The mozz was certainly fresh and worked very well with the greens and balsamic. I am not much for tomatoes, co the wife took one for the team and had those while I made up for it with the greens. \n\nFor our entrees, I went with the lasagna and the wife had the Mussels and Clams Brodetto. The lasagna was very good, with soft noodles, creamy béchamel and good red sauce. It lacked a bit on meat (it is listed as Bolognese) and cheese topping. It is served in the usual casserole dish - a little trick here: use some water to wet the doily....it will keep the dish from sliding around. It appears to be constructed in the dish itself, which could lead to why it wasn't spectacular. I am used to layers: pasta, meat, sauce, cheese, pasta, meat, sauce, cheese...etc. This had layers, but it ended up blended together in such a way as to be an amalgamation. Again, a tick more meat in the red sauce and some cheese on top would have moved it to the next level.\n\nThe brodetto was great. A nice big bowl with mussels and clams swimming in a great seafood broth. Granted, this was an app she ordered as her entrée, it stepped up to fill the roll nicely. There were about a half dozen each of the shellfish. The broth was warm, silky and loaded with seafood flavor. It was almost too flavorful...almost.  There is nothing like dunking toasted bread in seafood broth after eating everything else!\n\nWe are intrigued about their eggplant dish and how well they do with their rigatoni. For that we will be back. This is certainly not a place to go to just to get some grub. Go when you want to have a nice Italian dinner in a nice place with some nice people.