I have probably complained about service twice in my 30 year life, but this was AWFUL! I purchased a sofa in this location on May 12, 2016.  It was promptly delivered by 2 men about a week later. These 2 men demanded a tip. (Their exact words were \"you have to buy us lunch\".  I tipped them, because I tip everyone.  One of the cushions to the sofa was broken, so they advised me that they would call the store and have another one sent out. No problem.  I called (just because these 2 men seemed shady) to follow up on this.  Sure enough, there was no record of this request. So I placed a request myself, had to wait 2 WEEKS for someone to come \"fix it.\" The guy who showed up could not fix it, so he ordered me a new cushion.  He stated that it would take 2 weeks for me to receive it. When I waited 3 weeks and never received it, I called again. They said \"oh sorry, you should have been told it would be 4-6 weeks!\". No problem.. I waited again. After waiting 6+ weeks, I called again. They said it was definitely on its way, and to just continue waiting.  It is now August 1, 2016 (yes, approaching 3 MONTHS later) and I still have not received it. I spoke with Matthew in the store, who seemed completely clueless, and put me on the phone with Julian, the \"Sales Manager\" who seemed even MORE clueless. They said \"we will try to get you cushions. We will email corporate\". I asked what kind of compensation I would be getting for not being able to use my sofa for 3 months, and they said \"nothing\". After escalating it, they said \"$100 in-store credit on your next purchase\". Why would I want to go back to this horrible place?! Julian was afraid to even get back on the phone with me, and he had more clueless Matthew doing all the talking, while having to put me on hold every couple minutes to ask a question. I got nowhere, and will now be following up with Corporate, myself, as well as making sure I spread this experience around like wildfire, because I wouldn't want anyone else to have to go through with this.  I will be visiting the store shortly, where they cannot hide behind a hold button, and will be forced to address this issue. I'm just absolutely floored with how horrible they \"handled\" it! THREE MONTHS LATER and I still can't even sit on my sofa. Unbelievable!