I come here every time I visit Vegas, mostly for their amazing beef wellington and delicious desserts! Make sure to check ahead of time to make sure they're serving beef wellington because it's not on the menu every day. The place itself does not look very big, but the waiters and servers are very nice. Fridays and Saturdays are the Gourmet Dinner days, but it's best to go in for the lunch meal and stay for dinner because the price difference is HUGE. Think of it as linner (lunch + dinner).\n\nThere's always a line for the king crab legs. They're already cracked open for you - very easy to eat. (I don't know if they have the buttery topping like at Wynn though) The cocktail shrimp is also really good. Prime rib was on the bloody side last time I went, and the rotisserie chicken was dry, but as usual, the beef wellington does NOT fail. It's perfectly cooked - very tender. Avoid the variety of fishes near the Chinese food though, because these are usually dry. The sushi is on the plain side too. \n\nThe dessert selection is very varied and looks fancy. My favorite is the one in a small glass cup with multiple layers. There's a light brown layer under a beige layer that tastes like coffee and chocolate, and it's covered with whipped cream. I forget the name of it, but it's delicious! Avoid the raspberry with cream and chocolate bites on top though - it tastes really sour! The creme brulee and chocolate-covered strawberries look simple, but they're really good!\n\nNote: Apparently, you're not allowed to take photos of the food. I attempted to take a photo at the dessert station because they just looked SO delicious and artistic, and I love taking photos of food, but the chef behind the counter told me no photos. Maybe they're afraid I can somehow figure out all their secret recipes from simply looking at my photos. *shrug*\n\nI'm not sure if it's the absolute best buffet in Vegas since not all the food is incredible, but every place has its pros and cons. I give it a four because, after all these years, I still look forward to coming here!