EDIT: I am lowering the score from 2* to 1* because while it's forgivable that the FOH staff spilled something on me and my party's clothing, it isn't okay that they simply don't bother to fix that problem going forward. The manager gave us two business cards after being splashed with buffalo sauce and said that if we mailed the receipts for dry cleaning with those cards it would be reimbursed. We sent in two receipts (my fiance and I) with bills totaling $22 but after 2 months have received nothing back. I have worked as a waiter for years and I get these things happen but it is incumbent on the management staff to resolve these issues and I think the poor job they did trying to fix the situation is indefensible. \n\nMeh!\n\nThis place is just silly and expensive for the quality. \n\nQuick thing about the restaurant: Why make waiters wear all white? EVERY server's uniform has visible stains. I have waited tables for years so I get how this happens all the time when you are bussing plates so have the waiters wear darker colors (or enforce uniform standards, there is no way all the waiters came in with clean clothes given the universal level of dirtiness). Also, a waiter dropped a thing of buffalo sauce on the floor near us which exploded on both me and one of the people I was with's white shirts, the restaurant offered to pay for dry cleaning, but I kinda think that there should be a comped desert or something as well. The dry cleaning (if effective) is an inconvenience for me which gets me back to where I was before I came in, I think that offering a dessert is something to make up for the inconvenience of making me and my dinner guest have to go to get our clothes dry cleaned. Perhaps I expect too much.\n\nAbout the actual food: it's just not anything worth paying the price for. I had Bang Bang chicken and shrimp, it was labelled as spicy and I asked for it to be extra spicy, there was no spice at all. \n\nMy fiance had orange chicken. It was plain and less than one would expect from a basic chinese take-away.\n\nThe other person we were with ordered meatloaf, it was actually ok but the mashed potatoes were cool by the time it was run to our table.\n\nI honestly think that the restaurant just has too many things on that menu to get all of the items right.\n\nPositives: the iced tea was good (this matters a lot to me) as were the mojitos the ladies ordered. Two of our deserts were great (I guess this is really why people go here), the tiramisu cheesecake was still thawing when it was brought to us so it was a bit hard in the middle.