I've eaten here about 6 times over the past 10 years(when it USED to cost 27 bucks)....you should only come here and spend the 38 dollars if you love seafood and you have about 4 hours..1-2 hours to wait in line and 1-2 hours to eat. I was on a time crunch because we had to catch a show at 8pm at the Riviera so dessert was rushed for some of us. \nI LOVE their mini lobster tail things (I still have no idea what crustaceon that is) all you have to do is stick your fork in it, pull the meat out and dip it in lemon butter. Easy, breezy, and fatty. This is all I usually eat plus some shrimp and a little prime rib. I don't mess with crab legs because I HATE to peel those apart...if we had the time I might have eaten a few. I sampled some of the other choices...stayed away from the mexican food(nothing looked that great there and I don't want to waste stomach space for tacos), tried some asian noodles and duck. The duck was actually really moist and the noodles very tasty. The prime rib was bomb diggity...very tender and flavorful. At the dessert station..yummy was the caramel pecan tarts(take off the big chocolate thing on top) and the creme brulee. There is a LONG line to wait for dessert because of the italian gelato. It's hand scooped and not all flavors are labeled so people are asking what flavor is that? What is that? Can I taste first so I don't have to wait another 10 minutes in this friggin line for another scoop? ugh..my suggestion..skip the tiny sample scoop of ice cream and just stick to the baked goods. \nMy only other disappointment with this buffet is their sushi..I always get the sashimi but why cut it like you took a steak knife and hacked it up? They need real sushi chefs to prepare their raw bar because the sushi looks crappy and what..NO spicy tuna rolls??? shoot..the sushi selection is better at Todai.\nThe seafood buffet here is starting to decline for me. I used to be all giddy about coming here but it seems their standards are starting to fall because they have so many people willing to shell out 38 dollars and wait 2 hours. Be willing to pay $25 for kids ages5 and up. If your kids can pass for 4 and under, lie. My daughter is 10 but she is small and half way through her crab and butter, she fell asleep. There went $25 bucks!\nSo overall, they need to step it up and keep this buffet at the highest quality of food like they USED to. They used to not serve anything but seafood and prime rib here. Even in the mexican and asian food areas, all the food contained only seafood. The Village Seafood Buffet used to be worth the price.