I have been at this deli & bakery multiple times and have practically tried everything they have there. It is definitely a hidden gem in Mississauga. \n\nI absolutely love the bread section at the back of the store. There's a whole variety of breads that you can choose from. The olive bread is a hit with my family, as well as the whole grain rye bread. Absolutely delicious. There's a slice machine at the back so you can definitely cut it on your own, but of course, the staff is always there to assist you if you run into any difficulties. \n\nThe mini hot table next to the bread section is great. I absolutely LOVE their fish croquettes (don't remember the actual Portuguese name), but they are delicious ($~1.1 each). At the center of the bakery is their deli section and I often buy their deli meats when they are on sale. The staff there are very friendly and will do as you ask. However, when it comes to the different kinds of cakes and what goes in it, many of them are clueless. There are a wide selection of cakes for you to try and each individual small piece of cake is ~$2.50. There are also whole cakes available in the side turning glass door that is about $25.00 each. Their slices of cheesecake are delicious! Their mixed fruit cakes are delicious too! Lots of cream! \n\nIn terms of pastries ($1.99 - $2.50), I think their custard tarts are okay. Not the best in Mississauga, but good enough. There isn't enough lemon-y flavour that I prefer and a little sweet for my taste ($1.50 each). There are other variations of it, one that is drizzled with chocolate and icing sugar on top). The other pastries are only mediocre. The danishes aren't anything special. \n\nThe best part about this bakery is probably the cafe at the front of the bakery. There are 6-7 tables for people to chat over a cup of coffee. Make sure you purchase your drink at the cashier where you pay for the baked goods BEFORE proceeding to the barista to order your drink. The baristas are great and are friendly and you can definitely munch on your baked foods while you drink your espresso based drink. I have had their lattes and cappuccinos before and they were both okay. They also serve breakfast there, toast and eggs style. It can get busy during mid-morning!\n\nNew Hours Alert: They open daily from 6:30am to 9pm. There is always time to grab a snack and\/or a coffee!