I can vaguely remember in the my youth rolling out to Vista and watching summer theater in a park.  It was neat to see a community come together in peace and enjoy a play.\n\nFast forward decades later, and I finally got to enjoy theater in all place in the desert, but in the shadows of beautiful Red Rock at the equally beautiful Spring Mountain Ranch State Park!  Which if memory serves....the SST has apparently also been around for decades.\n\nThe GF, Boy and I met up with the Boy's GF's family after purchasing tickets for \"Arsenic and Lace.\"  The play is a wonderful adaptation of a surprisingly dark comedy originally from the early 1940's starring Cary Grant.\n\nThe location is many degrees cooler than anywhere in the Vegas Valley.  Entry was without problems, despite the other party having the tickets.  We were directed to a holding area until they arrived.  When we rolled in...the parking was professionally administered by staff.\n\nThe venue is small and somewhat intimate. We rented chairs for a buck and sat the right side of the venue.  I am not sure, but this seemed to be where a majority of the seat sitters were located.  The left side, appeared to be for those just lazing on the grass.  I believe wherever you would sit, would be sufficient to enjoy the show.  That is...unless your sitting behind someone with an enormous melon.  Being over six feet tall, who would have thought I would be bobbing and dodging around a colossal cranium trying to take the stage in.  I took the hit so others in the party did not have to.  Thank you MM for offering!\n\nWe brought several coolers containing fixtures for sandwiches, wine, and sweets.  There is concessions but I can not vouch for them.\n\nThe stage craft was detailed and in keeping with the performance.  The sound system was perfect.\n\nAt the end of the performance there is a mass exodus.  We chose to chill in the lot, watching others fight the crowd, while watching a lightning show somewhere in Arizona.\n\nSST is a treat.  A local gem everyone should experience.  I can't wait to visit and enjoy it again someday.