Dining Experience: Lunch and Dinner\nSpecialty: Israeli Dinner\nMenu items: Minced Lamb on Humus, Baba Ganoush, Chicken Shish Kebab, Jerusalem Mix and Famous Lemonade\n\nBefore I go on describing the beautiful dishes this Thornhill restaurant brings to our city, I am going to explain the meaning of its name first. One, because this seems to be a common question among people; and two, because its good to know, isn't it?\nAccording to fellow bloggers, Me Va Me means \"who and whose\". Why would the Russian Jewish owners call their restaurant that way? bites me...but I thought we should get that out of the way first.\n\nNow on to the food! Let's kick this off with my fave menu item, the Minced Lamb on Hummus. In my mind there is nothing better than meat covered in a sweet and silky chick pea spread. Add to that a strong meat such as lamb, seasoned with paprika, cinnamon, lemon and some...topped with pine nuts, and you got yourself one hell of a tasty appetizer!\nI have yet to try a hummus this good. When I visit this Jewish diner, I already know what my two meat spreads will be. The former which I just described, and the Baba Ganoush, which I use on the rest of my entrees.\n\nThe Baba Ganoush is grilled eggplant mashed with garlic and other spices. Because of the texture and flavour, I often find this dip goes well on rice, chicken, beef and even potatoes. I highly recommend getting your dip-ready fingers on this one.\n\nMe Va Me is well known for their fantastic Shawarma dishes as well as their Kebabs. Kebabs are simply pieces of meat on a skewer, seasoned and grilled. The making of this dish is nothing special; however what makes it special at Me Va Me is the tenderness of the meat, and in this case, the chicken. The juices are still running through the meat when it arrives at your table; on top of that the meat is so tender and light to chew that you almost wonder if they have a farm of chickens in the back...it tastes that fresh!\n\nA recent find, and acquired taste for me, is the Jerusalem Mix. The Jerusalem Mix is traditionally a dish made with all kinds of chicken innards. Yes, you heard right, its all the insides of a chicken in a dish. At Me Va Me this dish has chicken liver, hearts and pieces of dark meat, all sauteed with caramelized onions, olive oil and parsley. Some find this dish unique, I find it quite delicious and tasty. You might also think of this as a delicacy; because of the addition of the hearts, this dish is amongst the most expensive ones found in the menu...think about it, how many hearts can a chef get from one chicken?\n \nThe last item on my review, and probably the first you should order, its Me Va Me's Famous Lemonade. This is no regular lemonade. What you get is a well blended mix of mint, lemonade mix and ice. I think there is more to this, but the menu (owners) does not share all. It's a phenomenal drink and a great accompaniment to any meal.\n\nNote to Foodies: Portions are quite large so sharing is highly recommended. Also, the restaurant tends to be extremely busy on weekends and takes no reservations, be prepared to wait 30-45 mins for a table during peak times.\n\nUntil next time Foodies!\n\nBuen Provecho,\nViviana.