I really liked this place a lot. Yet when care gets complicated here, meaning a more challenging case, I have not been thrilled with management.\nMy 1 1\/2 years old Persian cat started having discharge from her right eye, was pawing at it, and something just wasn't right. The veterinarian looked and said she saw nothing. I took my cat back again about a month and a half later, as she was developing a black spot on her right eye. The veterinarian did a slit lamp exam and gave her an antibiotic and recommended an ophthalmologist, which I also asked for. The problem was that she said that it was not an emergency. When I called the ophthalmologist to make an appointment, they were about 4 to 5 weeks out. I said OK and made the appointment. I watched my cat's eyes slowly worsen over that time despite an antibiotic. It turned out that she had herpes Simplex keratitis, which can become very serious and very damaging to the eye if not treated early. The antibiotic given does not treat herpes, which cats are easily prone to. She never told me about what this condition can do to the eye and never gave me proper informed consent. What she should have said is get to the ophthalmologist right away. My cat needed surgery and it was major surgery of both eyes. By the time she got to the ophthalmologist, it was advanced in the R eye and it had now also affected the left eye. The procedure cost $6000 yet that was not the concern. The concern was the suffering that my cat had to go through. I initially was very upset and requested to see all of the medical records as I was seriously considering writing a complaint to the veterinary board. I chose not to do that because I too am in the healthcare field and understand that mistakes can be made. Still, informed consent should always be given and it failed in this case. \nI would have probably given this review two or three stars, but it gets one star for the following reason: you should seriously ask to read the charts because you never know what they were put in there. In November 2017, my cats had appointments and I brought all three in. I was there on time and the front desk receptionist was extremely rude. She did not look up at me or acknowledge me or apologize for anything, while giving me dirty looks and rolling her eyes. I finally simply asked to speak to the manager and asked if we could be put in a room and that was the extent of the conversation. No yelling. Sadly for this young woman, I had witnesses with me that day. So, imagine my shock when I'm reading the medical record and this woman, who I am now told by the owner was fired and no longer works there, put in a note claiming that I was rude to her and yelled at her but she apologized to me and that I was also rude to other clients in the clinic... What??? 1) I never made any contact with other customers\/clients there nor spoke with them. 2) she claimed that I yelled at her and that she apologized to me? I wish that would've happened because I would have felt bad and apologized, but instead I actually kept a low voice and was taken aback by how inappropriate she was towards me. 3) she lied and put in a demeaning and derogatory paragraph about me and it was under the veterinary doctors note in the medical chart! Being in the healthcare field, that is an absolute no no. You can email a bad interaction to your boss or manager, but unless that bad interaction is between the actual nurse\/veterinarian and the patient, in the examination room during the visit, it should never be documented in the medical chart. Not only was it false documentation in a medical chart, but it was false documentation made up that never happened and my friends, who were witnesses, wanted me to consider getting a lawyer because of this. I am not going to sue and I'm not going to anything... I am so disgusted at this point that I just don't plan on going back.\nI have spoken to many friends and none of them take their pets to this clinic, and now neither will I. Very disappointed. I really believed and thought this was a top notch place. They are good for dental cleaning and they're great for preventive. I find that when cases get complicated past that, I have not been happy with outcomes and decisions. I will be taking the care of my cats elsewhere to a clinic that all my friends are highly recommending.