I can hardly believe that I'm actually admitting this, but here it goes...\n\nBefore this past weekend I had never been to the main branch of Cleveland Public Library. \n\nThat's right, never. I know, it's hurts me to think that with all the time I spend downtown that I've never been to this particular location. Although I've utilized some of the other CPL branches quite frequently, I'm still ashamed!\n\nWell, all that guilt stops here because I'm officially addicted to this amazing Cleveland public resource! My first vision of the CPL was walking around the front. It's separated into two connected buildings, one new and one old. Isn't this just the \"Cleveland story\"? It's such an old city full of rich history, but we're slowly updating all while maintaining the integrity of our past. I love that the CPL captures this idea. \n\nI walked around the back of the building and was pleasantly surprised by the gorgeous outdoor atrium! The design was something out of a story book. There were benches and chairs everywhere for you to plop down on, read and relax. At the center of it all was a unique and tranquil fountain with quotes and excerpts from literature. \n\nThe interior of the buildings matched the look of the outside quite well. One reminded you of past Cleveland scholars or families who must have spend many of hours here researching and learning. The other was a look into the present day with all the resources you could ever need in a public library, plus more!  \n\nHonestly, sometimes I forget what an amazing advantage I have in the CPL. If I need to rent movies (new ones!), books, music, etc., I can do it all for free! Need internet access or time on a computer? This is also free! You can even print off some pages of research. Looking for a book you can't find anywhere else? You'll find it here! If not, they'll contact one of the other Cleveland branches and get it for you. Visit their website and you can order books and even set up email reminders for due dates! This is huge for me because I always forget those pesky dates. Oy, all those fines!\n\nThis is an incredible asset for the youth of Cleveland as well. It gives everyone the access to educational material, no matter what your situation may be. Whether you need to study, chill out, get away, do some research or even just have some quiet time, CPL is there for you! Utilize this amazing resource we have in Cleveland!