I have been to the Indie Alehouse at least five times now and my experiences have ranged from Good to Pretty Sad. \n\nMy most recent visit on Saturday Dec 1st was pretty sad. My family was visiting and my Brother in Law doesn't get out much so he was itching to go here to try their beer.  When we arrived there was no wait for a table and even after we were seated there was still empty seats.The beer was great, my BIL and I had the Instigator, my favourite.  I have tried them all and my Husband had the Breakfast Porter. The kids and my SIL had sodas. \n\nI would DEFINITELY NOT recommend going here with children. The wait time is very long and they only have 2 high chairs for what is a very large space in a \"family neighbourhood\".  I was offered a high chair by the table beside me who had finished with it and another female patron flew up to me and proceeded to be quite rude to me as if I was stealing it away. Apparently \"some people\" (as she said) had been waiting 45 minutes for a high chair. I let her take the chair.\n\nDue to the time of day they were serving a limited Brunch Menu that consisted of Goat Cheese Salad, Fires, Samosas, Pulled Pork Mac n Cheese, Mushroom Mac n Cheese, Pulled Pork Sandwich, or a Burger.We placed our food order when the server came to take our drink order.  Our drinks came quickly. Our food however did not. We waited an HOUR. \n\nAN HOUR! Seriously????? Not apologetic, no explanation, NOTHING. Brutal.  We were seated near the kitchen, I was able to see how many orders were in...there were only 10 however when you are turning out such a limited menu this is truly unacceptable.\n\nWhen the food FINALLY came, everyone's was fine except mine. How do I know? I tried everyone's and I had tried what I ordered before as well which was the Mushroom Mac n Cheese. It was barely warm, barely sauced and the pasta was way under cooked. I took one bite and returned it.  I didn't bother ordering anything else because by the time the server returned to check how everything was my party was halfway through their meals.\n\nWhat I can say is that on other occasions when I have been to Indie, the beer is awesome, the pizza's and wings delicious but the service is not great. Seems like they've got quite a few nubes in there. \n\nI'm sure I will return to Indie in the future but it will only be for the beer.  The service has a long way to go.....