Tonight, I had a chance to show a brutha some culture.  When someone is taking me to dinner, I pick a place that I *know* is going to be a winner.  Rokerij didn't disappoint!  The parking lot was full, so I started to get scared that we wouldn't be able to get a table or have to *gasp* wait for one.\nAt first, we had gone downstairs to eat there, but it was packed, so we headed to the restaurant.  From previous reviews, I was afraid it would be packed and we would have to find somewhere else to go eat.  I really wanted to impress the guy (HA even though he was buying!) and, luckily, there were a few empty tables upstairs.\nWe were seated at the far end in a corner booth.  Any restaurants with booths get an A+ in my book.  I love sitting close to friends and a booth gives the perfect opportunity.\nSpecials were neatly written on blackboards, but I was at a weird angle to read them.  Chris, our waiter, read them for us and explained each dish.  That was the high point of his service the rest of the night.\nAs we perused the menu, our drink order was taken.  I really wanted to get the small plates and try a few different things, so we both chose 3 each.  I got the crab tostadas.  They were filled to the brim with crab, not too much dressing so the crab flavor wasn't drowned.  I also got the bacon-wrapped grilled shrimp (YUMMY!!!!) and the brie toasts.  Divine!  The cheese was melted perfectly, with just enough of its grease to soak into the bread.  I actually licked my fingers after each one.\nHe got the skewered steak, shrimp on dirty rice and meat tacos.  The rice wasn't all that, but the rest of the dishes were superb!\nAs we ate, and our drinks emptied, we had to call Chris over to get refills.  Not once had he checked on us during the meal.  It's the reason for 4 stars!  I was a bit disappointed in that.  For such a Valley favorite, I had hoped for a little more attention.\nAmbiance is key at Rokerij.  The smell of the wood-burning fireplace, the cozy booth and warm atmosphere gave me cause to want to go back again.  And, the brutha liked, it too!