I am very disappointed in these Apartments especially that it is apart of A Mark Taylor Community. The management and staff are very disrespectful and I once caught them talking badly about a resident that was in there paying her bill and once she left I walked in at the same time so they didn't realize that there was another resident in the office because she left and I entered at the same time which did not sound the door alarm which would have them know that I was there. I decided to listen to them for quite a while just to see what types of things they would say behind peoples back. I felt bad for this elderly woman because she was called very terrible names and I thought that that was very disrespectful and unprofessional. They then realized there was another residence in the office and quit talking immediately and turned blush red as embarrassed as could be and I had said and I quote \"Wow that lady is really nice I actually know her we have wine every Sunday did you just call her the B word\" they gaffed me off and tried to make it none of my concern. Although I know what I heard and that wasn't the first time I have heardOk to get management or its employeebadmouth any residence that they might not like. \n\nPS... they will overcharge you for anything and everything that they can find in discrepancy towards minimum damage and it adds up to be a lot. My total bill for supposed damages was $1,127. One word of advice if the carpet is brand new it has a five year lifespan, which they don't tell you, if they determine that the carpet is unrepairable or cleanable to their expectations you will be charged for the remaining years. Example I lived in my apartment for 2 years the maintenance man said that the carpet look great and that they have a good carpet cleaning service team and would be able to get all the stains out no problem although management did a walk thru and said that the carpet was unable to be cleaned to a satisfactory mesure.\n\nUndergraded countertops, dishwasher. Washer and dryer were inadequate.\n\nIf you are looking for a good community of apartments look into pillar communities. I plan on moving back there once I get my ducks in order lol. My favorite pillar community is the Biscayne Bay on Arizona Avenue and Warner Road