RM Seafood is one of my favorite restaurants, both in Las Vegas and in general.  My first visit was back in the winter of 2009, but on my recent spring trip to the area, I knew that I just had to return.  The service here is completely fabulous; the waitstaff is knowledge, helpful, and very friendly.  \n\nThe restaurant is located in a quiet corner on the outskirts of the Mandalay Bay shopping area, so even though the facade opens into this section of the hotel, diners can enjoy their meal with little disturbance.  Separate menus are offered for upstairs and downstairs dining experiences, and sushi options are also available.  The ground level provides a la carte dining, while prix fixe meals are offered on the second floor.  The restaurant boasts a wide array of creative cocktails and top-notch wines.  \n\nYour meal will begin with some delicious rolls and flaky cornbread.  These baked goods are just a teaser preparing you for the fabulous meal to come.  In terms of sushi, standouts include the Futo-Fireball Roll - a hefty blend of King crab, avocado, cucumber, and a topping of spicy Artic char and tobiko.  Dollops of sweet kabayaki and tangy wasabi citrus aioli surround the elegantly cut maki and act as prime dipping sauces.  Similarly intriguing is the Ebi-Go Roll, which includes crisp shrimp tempura, jalapeno, avocado, and cilantro.  Slices of fresh tuna are draped across each piece, while jalapeno sauce, kabayaki, and lime add a tart kick.  If you prefer to stick with more traditional entrees, the natural Pacific Halibut floats in a bowl of thin broth seasoned with black garlic and chorizo and infused with flavor from the incorporated cockles and swiss chard.  The side dishes are beyond decadent.  The Mac N' Cheese is as creamy as warmed butter and served in a cast-iron skillet with a crunchy breadcrumb topping.  Chef Moonen's Signature Mashed Potatoes are infused with hefty seasonings like capers, scallions, black pepper, and red onion.  Lastly, enticing desserts like the Chocolate Dome with its warm, gooey center, provide the perfect end to a flavor-packed meal.\n\nRM Seafood is a winner and a clear standout among the many dining options in Las Vegas.  After discovering this gem, I was saddened to hear that the original location had been in New York City several years ago, but that it has since closed.  Come back to me, RM NYC!!