21st Wedding anniversary and my wife wanted a nice Italian Restaurant. Went through the local list and decided on Il Bosco in Davidson. We've dined here before but for some reason, it's been a long time since we were here. Happy to report that it is still as good as it was a couple or years ago.\n\nIt's on a short street called Depot street with on street parking but also a parking lot is available behind the building. If you park there, you end up coming in the back door  but we were lucky in that we had early reservations (5:30 pm) so we were able to park almost at the front door. Came in handy when we left,  because a thunderstorm with heavy rains came through and our car was only 10 feet away.\n\nWhen we walked in, we were given a choice of dining inside or out on the patio. The temperature was only in the 60's and it was pleasant so for a change we chose to sit on the patio. The bougainvilleas in hanging baskets along with a hugh rose were both in bloom and were beautiful.\n\nOur server was excellent and for that matter, so was the rest of the staff. He took our drink orders and while they don't have tea on Saturdays, everything else was great. I ended up with Pellegrino which was fine.\n\nI started with a Caprese appetizer which was excellent. Don't know where they found the tomatoes but these were nice and fresh and did not taste like cardboard which is how most tomatoes taste this time of year. The Balsamic on top was a very high quality as well.\n\nMy wife ordered Veal Piccata and added a side of asparagus that she proclaimed to be some of the best Piccata she had experienced. I order the pan seared Duck Breast with Sun chokes and applesauce.  The Duck was excellent. It's very easy to overcook Duck and if not prepared properly, Duck can be somewhat greasy.  This Duck was cooked to a perfect medium rare, moist and juicy and without the least hint of greasiness. \n\nIn the area, presentation or plating is almost a lost art but in this case, the plating  was very attractive and appealing.\n\nToward the end of dinner, the thunderstorm came up and the owner and staff moved everyone in a well orchestrated manner.\n\nIt was inside that my wife and I had our deserts. She had tiramisu  which I had a cup of excellent espresso.\n\nIn the end, a perfect way to celebrate an anniversary. Not sure why we have not been back more frequently but will definately rectify that oversight.