We went on a weekend evening around 7pm and were able to get two seats at the bar within 3 minutes of entering, but it was pretty full at the time and a substantial line up built up a bit after we were seated.\n\nService was friendly. The decor was eh - nothing special. It seemed to be missing something that the Ossington location has in spades (vibe?), but maybe it's just the different clientele.\n\nWe ordered an apple and fig salad to start, to be followed by the house-made sausage and ontario prosciutto pizzas. The salad was great - a nice tangy balsalmic vinegar dressing and creamy blue cheese. The pizzas were also very nice - thin crust, sufficient amount of toppings, prosciutto not too chewy. The rochetta goat cheese panna cotta dessert was light and creamy. The orange consomme added complexity without weighing it down.\n\nThe only problem was that it took about an hour to get our pizzas, when the menu boasts that it takes less than 90 seconds to bake each one. At first we thought the kitchen was backed up, but the two top seated next to us after we ordered received their apps AND pizzas while we waited patiently for our mains. At that point we realized that we were waiting for a reeeeally long time, and had to ask our server to look into our order.\n\nGenerally I would say that it's the server's responsibility to notice the delay, and not wait be notified by the diners for waiting excessively for their food, but since we were at the bar and our server was busy preparing drinks for the other tables, I can see that it may slip his mind. However, someone should be keeping an eye out for the people seated there since it seems like it would be a common problem otherwise. The problem was remedied immediately. Our server told us that we would be getting our pizza \"in four minutes\", and we were served complimentary pear sorbets while waiting. This is the best reaction that the restaurant could provide in response to a break-down in their process. We were able to leave with a positive impression of Pizzeria Libretto on the Danforth.\n\nI would definitely return!\n\nPlus, they take reservations! Too bad it's not via the OpenTable program, but just a module\/widget on their site.