I gotta say, while I enjoy many styles of Asian cuisine and the flavors, cooking techniques, and ingredients that go along with all of that.. I do agree with others that YUSHO doing \" Asian Style Tapas \" (as described by the server) Is not what I expected.. which is often a good thing. I honestly don't mean to be insulting or rude.\n\nIt began with the miso soup - I wish I had a photo, it was really beautiful - in its little bowl. The issue my date had with it, was the vinegar finish of the soup. It wasn't the earthy, warm flavor you expect from quality miso.  It wasn't unpalatable, just caught us off guard and did not get even half finished. i didn't actually see it on the menu, which could also be the issue, as perhaps its available due to Miso being a component of a ramen dish they have listed. \n\nOn to the crispy chicken skins.. Again, really very nice in presentation... But really lacking something in the finish for me. They were served cold, which I didn't expect, and just didn't do anything for me in the flavor department. I can't really recall much about the taste. I have always loved fried chicken skins, simply brined and seasoned, fried and served with a a little sauce. These were, again, beautiful, but not anything I would order again. \n\nWe also sampled the Fried Oyster, and Eggplant Steamed Buns.. great texture on the buns, nice panko breading on the oyster, tasty on the eggplant. Delicious.\n\nWe then sampled the Chicken Wings and the Octopus. The Chicken described as Thai Chile, Bonito Salt and Lime. Delicious, boneless little morsels served on a skewer. I liked them. Really tasty. The Octopus was tender, cooked and prepared nicely with Haricot Vert, Egg Yolk and Enoki mushrooms. Again, a stand out flavor and something that was unique for this dining experience, for me. It was rich, and I detected a hint of something maybe citrus? though I did not ask.. I really liked the taste of the dish. I actually had some sticky white rice with it. I hope that doesn't offend anyone, but that egg and mushroom and tender octopus was so good with a starchy rice. \n\nNext was the Japanese Griddle Cake -  described as SQUID, Papaya, Basil.. \n\nBeautiful little egg omelette, pancake goodie topped with Smoked Salmon , Plum, Radish, Sprouts and Bonito Fish Flake. Not what I expected, (because squid,) but It was easily my favorite dish. I am the guy that likes egg anything. Souffle, omelettes, over easy, poached..so that's 3 stars alone. Thiws dish really made an impression on me and I loved it. So thank you for that!\n\nNow the Poser Ramen. Beautiful presentation.. I keep saying that.. but everything looked great. I just didn't love the broth or the noodles. It was salty. I like salty. I'm a fan of Tonkatsu, which is rich and salty..but with depth of flavor and balanced in its saltiness if it's done well. I'm not saying this was bad by any means.. but so salty that I ate the beautiful little panko breaded pork shoulder and the two sheets of seaweed, got the egg out of there.. and skipped most of the noodles. Oh the noodles... The best way to describe them.. is wimpy. I'm so sorry.. I'm just saying that nothing hit the mark for me on this one, aside from the breaded pork shoulder. I could eat that alone with a poached egg. \n\nIt was about  $163 for two of us, that included a $45 bottle of wine, and Rosemary Sugar dusted Doughnuts - with candied ginger and hazelnut.. ( i loved them) .. .. I'm not complaining about the prices.. Strip Prices.. I'm aware of what that entails. We got a fair amount of food and tasted many items. I would definitely go back for some other items on the menu. i think its a great little casual spot and I look forward to it becoming a favorite among locals and tourists alike. Happy Eating!