Alright Scottsdale, put on your big boy pants and let's party.\n\nYes, the drinks are expensive, (About $11-12 for a cocktail) especially in comparison to everywhere else in Scottsdale.  But that is the standard price in other big cities- NY, Boston, Chicago, LA, Vegas....in fact drinks may even be more expensive in certain spots there.   There was no cover and you have to like that.  Yes, the patrons dress up a little, but what is wrong with that?  Sometimes you just want to dress up and feel fabulous.  Personally, I'm happy I've found a place I can wear my arsenal of party dresses to. \n\nSky Bar\/Red Bar is really one big place, Sky Bar with a red room.  They are connected through their outside patios.  Red Bar is kind of smallish and fills up fast so definitely head over to the other side if it's getting too stuffy for you.  Sky Bar is the complete opposite decor wise, it's cloaked in darkness with a black motif going on.  The outside cabanas are lovely and would make a wise choice for someone looking to celebrate a birthday or other event.  Sure there is no view but I came to hang with friends, drink fantastic drinks, and listen to good music.  I agree that Sky Bar is much nicer than Red Bar.  Here is a tip- there are bathrooms in Sky Bar so you don't have to walk out and deal with the moron at the door.  (I was practically holding my husband's hand and he let me in and clipped the rope off in front of him....um, buddy, he's with me.  Thanks.)\n\nThe bartenders were great.  They were attentive, quick and their drinks were very well mixed. I highly suggest the Red Room Royale; my husband's Grey Goose and pineapples were top notch. The DJ was pretty damn good, spinning a great mix of classic soul and disco and old school rap and hip hop (none of it was mashed up together) with some choice top 40 hits  (Timbaland, Gnarles Barkley) thrown in for good measure. (Here's a fun fact, DJ Dangermouse is from my hometown!)\n\nNow, as for the scene.  Sure there were some \"scene\"-y elements but that is to be expected.   Hotel bars bring in the most interesting patrons so you have everyone from the old to the young there.  I have to say there were plenty of \"normal\" looking people there, plenty of people with their factory original parts.  Sure you get the random 40 year old in a Bebe sweat suit (how does someone over 16 years old wear one?  How do you wear a knock off like Bebe?  How do you wear it out to a nice place?  These are the questions you can entertain yourself with.)  But you do get a bunch of rather normal people looking to have a good time.  I definitely saw more girls over 6 feet tall than girls with fake boobs.  \n\nWill I be back?  You bet I will.  I want to go back right now.  This is one of the few places I've found so far that can compete with the big boys in other cities.  If you're looking for a nice night out, looking to feel fabulous, this is your spot.