if i could i would give it a negative 100 stars.\n\ni think most people wants to stay there for the looks of the hotel but behind the looks it's all chaos. \ni booked the hotel for this past valentine's day weekend, I was trying to book online for two rooms and it didn't allow me to do so. so i called in to book it, Jimmy helped me he was busy at the moment so he asked if i can call him back in 10 mins so i did. when i called back he appolized for the wait and he said i'll lower ur rates to $99 instead of $119 for both rooms. he also said he'll throw in the $35 credit for both rooms to use at their resturant which is a pomotion that offered on their website. i was very pleased with his service. so the weekend came we arived on the 13th sun. i checked in around 3 toni was the one that helped me she did tell us that we have a $35 credit for both rooms use anytime and no minium purchase is nessacery. so we got our room keys, went to our rooms i noticed in side our room there's a doubled door on the right side of the door there's a huge crack on top. right away i tried calling front desk and no one answered. so on our way out we stopped by the front desk to notify them. we waited 10 mins to do so, cuz there was a customer in front of us. Jimmy was there and i told him and this other guy was next to him and i had 3 family members wiht me witnessing this and they said it's ok i won't be charged for it. so we thought it ok like they said. so that eveninng we ate out and we were going to use the credit for our breakfast the next morning so i alled the front desk just to see how do we use it. i called and jimmy answered so he siad just tell them our room number and we'll be able to use it. so early morning the 14th Valentine's day we want to have a quick breakfast there and be on our way back to LA. we went to the resturant the server said she needs to check with the manager about the credit thing so the manager Ben came over and said jimmy didn't have the rights to do so. and told us we don't have any credits. with a very bad attitude, rude, and no respect. as if we were trying to take advantage of them. so we asked to speak to jimmy and toni he said they are both not there at the moment, so we got up and left it's not like we had to eat there. but totally ruined our valentine's day morning. we know we'll NEVER go back there again! so around wed the 16th i noticed a $500 is being charged on my credit card. so i called to first address them about what happend and Susan said jimmy doesn't work there anymore, how strange! susan said she'll leave a note for the manager about my complain and a day gone by no one called me so i called again and jason the manager spolized and said that Ben shouldn't against us to use the credit he doesn't know why he did that. so is ben racist against asian people? i don't get it. then i asked him about the $500 charge and he said oh it's cuz there's a damage on the door. OMG really??? u must be kidding me i notify u guys right away and i'm being charged??? i asked him dou think it's fair to ur customer? and he questioned me back do u tink it's fair to the hotel? wow really threw me off! and he said he can't do anything about it beause there' a report done already the room was fine b4 we checked in and while we were there checked out that's when they found out. what a complete set up! and on top of that jimmy doesn't work there anymore. so jason told me he'll call me back regarding the situation. when he called me back he said he'll remove the charge since we didn't get to use the credit. still make it seem like it's our fault. i know there is nothing they can do to make it up for our valentine's day morning ruin it already and charged me for sth we didn't do Ben didn't even bother to call to appolize! what a messed up hotel management! jimmy was the only nice guy there and the rest of them all have an attitude problem. the room we stayed in can hear a plane pass by every 5 mins. worst exprience ever !\n\nwhat a nightmare!!!\ndon't just gop for the looks people!