I'm also very surprised there are so few reviews for this MAC location. And, like the first reviewer, had Chanel as my artist when I went in for a bridal makeup consultation. (Although I believe there are two Chanels that work at this location. \"My\" Chanel was tall, with short dark hair and the nicest looking eyebrows I've ever seen).\n\nThe appt was booked the week of, and we took the last spot they had left on the day (a Saturday), noon. I later found out that it was the day of the Gaga concert, so not only was it utter mayhem in the store, they might not be so limited on slots with a week's notice. And yes, it requires a minimum of $50 purchase to get the consult. This is achieved VERY quickly, might I add, especially when the artist extols the importance of having the right brushes to do the job (I spent almost $200 on four eye shadows, liner, one brush, foundation, foundation primer and eye make up primer: eeeeeeep!).\nThe verdict: Chanel rocked it. I went in not really knowing what I wanted (I'm a terrible bride, I wish I was one of those women who knows EXACLTY what their wedding dress, hair, look, flowers, etc will be like, it seems so much easier). But Chanel was patient and asked several questions to help me get to a look that would\n\n1. Not melt away at an outdoor wedding in late April\n2. Go with my overall look\n3. Make me feel comfortable to actually wear; she didn't try to push me outside of my comfort zone\n4. Be feasible for me to re-create; she didn't try to push me out of my skill zone either\n\nShe also gave tips on how to handle inevitable wedding day tears (hopefully of joy) in a way that won't ruin all your hard work and photos. She wasn't pushy with her creative input and she wasn't pushy with products. She was straight up about what I could get away with out buying, and when I was on the fence about a purchase, she recommended I go home and try it out and if I thought I needed it I could always come back. \n\nThere was some annoyance at first as they mixed my appt up with another one, and after being told to wait and watching others come in for their appt after me and still not being seated and started, had to track down someone to figure it out. I had to explain who I was to about three people before it was finally sorted out but they were genuinely apologetic about it and though were clearly overwhelmed with customers and appts didn't get sassy about my issue.\n\nI would also like to note that I never felt like an unwelcome visitor in the land of the make up elite. My artist was patient, even walking through the steps with me several times and making sure I understood before letting me out of there. She even offered to have me call her (at the store) while practicing or day of if I needed reminding of a technique or which color went where. Now that's five star service.