Great location, but overall a disappointing experience.  Arrived for check-in at 3pm to find no rooms available.  Staff was not particularly friendly and told us to return at 3:30.  Having been in this situation before at other hotels, I have been offered cocktail vouchers or some other small token for the inconvenience.  \n\nWhen we were finally able to check in, we hadn't been settled for 30 seconds before housekeeping knocked on the door to clean our (already made-up) room, which suggests a lack of coordination.\n\nThe room itself was nice, spacious, but design-wise it was uninspired and bland.  Very strange frosted windows, I guess to afford privacy from the condos or whatever across the way, but the feeling was claustrophobic.  Almost like some futuristic science fiction thing where we were actually underground with artifical sunlight shining through the translucent glass.  Weird.\n\nAte a late dinner at the diner, where it took about 20 minutes to get a drink in spite of the place being almost completely empty.  My American companion had never tried peameal bacon and ordered the \"Canadian\" burger.  When it finally came the order was wrong; it came with no peameal.  \n\nThe rooftop pool looks gorgeous, but closes at 7pm.  Poked our heads into the bar upstairs only to find the lamest kind of music and super douchey scene.  Even worse than the Drake.\n\nNext day, staff was knocking at our door before noon, asking us how many minutes until we would be out (in those words... \"how many minutes\").  No call first to check, they went straight to pestering us directly and incessantly untill we were gone.  Considering we could not check in at arrival late in the afternoon the day before, I can see they have a problem with late check outs (they would not grant us a late checkout when I asked the day before)... but they lacked any pretense of courtesy.\n\nI paid over $250 for this room, on a Wednesday night.  Plus $15 per day for wifi (hard to believe some hotels still charge for wifi).  I am not demanding, but I do expect a certain level of service.  \n\nThe Thompson seems to be trying to be something which it doesn't quite acheive.  The design is bland, the service was bad, and the overall vibe from the staff is amateur.  \n\nThere are other hotels in Toronto that are much better.