This is literally the best shop in town! They really are European specialists! Tuning is amazing and all work is done with OEM parts. They're honest and true. (Backstory, they moved from Europe and opened up shop here). Ales the owner and tuning guru as well as master German mechanic is such a honest man. When I came here I had previously quoted similar shops for work for my turbo build. Their quotes were almost double than RTM. When we did my build he went thru the entire car because he told me it is important for him to go thru this car to make sure it will be safe for you and longevity of the engine. I had many ideas for my build and he told me what would be a waste of money and what it's best. Every other shop is like ok I'll take your money. The guys at RTM are not greedy at all in fact they're to nice. Like I said previously they only use OEM parts and pretty much provide them at wholesale. My father in law came in for a clutch job on his 66 VW bug and another shop quoted him $1200 for labor that's crazy. RTM quoted him him 3 hours of labor because he already had parts. Labor rate at RTM is only $90\/HR. The dealership is at $140-160 with no experience and they charge for everything. RTM does free diagnosis of vehicles for everyone weather or not they do work on the car, and for example FindlayVW charges $150ish for the same thing. If he works on your car and quotes you 3 hours and finishes a little after 2 this man will literally continue working on the car and fix whatever he can fix within that time. His shop is so clean! I've come many times and actually seen him work. He his a neat freak. It's awesome because it says a lot. He will make sure you leave happy and he will also educate you on problems with the car.\nCustom tuning is incredible because the usually run of the mill flash tunes are crap. He will develop a tune specifically for your car taking into consideration the mods and condition and give you the most safe power. Stop paying for stage 1\/1+\/2\/2+\/3 BS. He is cheaper than them and proves a tune specifically for you.  I can't say enough good things about these guys! I really hope they do well because they're great people doing excellent work at an amazing price! Thank you RTM you guys are great!