A lasting tribute to a man termed \"America's Pastor\" and a place that will forever carry on his lifelong evangelical mission. Unlike a Presidential Library, this is not simply a collection of artifacts and photos that comprise the life of one of America's leading Christian ministers; rather, it is a progressive presentation on the life and mission of Billy Graham focused on his continuing efforts to spread Christianity all over the globe.\n\nYou enter the gates just off Billy Graham Parkway and are given a welcome packet \/ parking pass. Admission and parking are free. After parking, you head to the complex past the restored Graham family home down to the barn with the giant cross. In keeping with the theme, you enter the building at the foot of the cross, greeted by door holders, who refer you to the central counter for ticketing (free). Reservations are recommended, but not required. From there, you are sent to the front right corner of the building to listen to a talking milk cow describe Billy's early days and then ushered through a series of video and memorabilia rooms where the story of Billy Graham and his mission are told from youth to modern times. After a series of presentations, you are then guided through several self-paced exhibits culminating in a trademark of the evangelical crusade: a call to salvation. After this final presentation, you are walked out to an area where they make counselors and prayer rooms available. There is a final bookstore \/ gift shop at the end of the tour. \n\nInside the main barn are several counseling stations with representatives and staff willing to help with both your visit or spiritual needs. There is a large cafe available as well.\n\nReturning outside, you are encouraged to tour through the restored Graham family home as well as the gravesites of Billy's wife Ruth and several leading members of the Billy Graham Evangelical Association.\n\nTakes about 60-90 minutes to go through and the landscaping is absolutely gorgeous. Soft music is piped through the outdoor gardens and is a very respectful place to meditate or spiritually reflect. Very well done