In reading these past reviews, I am honestly shocked about some of the negative things people have said about Dr. Webb. I agree he is difficult to get an appointment with at times, but that is because he is so highly sought after and so very good at what he does.  \n\nIn fact, in order for me to get in to see him at the soonest possible appointment time, I had to say I wanted to be seen about a vaginal tightening procedure and pay $100 consultation fee just to get my foot in the door. I didn't mind even though that wasn't what I was there for at the time. I was seeking his help for a legitimate medical concern (although after talking to him about it, it may not be a bad idea to revisit that possibility after my medical issue is resolved).  \n\nI just wanted to see this fantastic doctor that I had heard great things about that people were telling me might be able to help me with a severe bleeding\/cramping issue I was having following the birth of my second son. \n\nDr. Webb, himself, I found to be fantastic.  He is quite reserved when you first meet him.  He's quiet, but he is listening to you, evaluating your case. Determining the best course of action to take to help you.  Isn't that what you want?  I was pretty upset when I walked in the door, and Dr. Webb showed me kindness as well as patience.  I needed and appreciated both.  After you've seen him a couple of times, Dr. Webb will open up to you, smile more, and express more of his personality. \n\nI had been around the block trying to get people to help me determine the cause of this bleeding, to get this bleeding to cease, etc.  I had been having no success.  It was Dr. Webb who finally solved that puzzle.  I was in tears from everything I had already been through with another provider that hadn't gotten me any answers (nor any better), and it was great just to hear his reassuring voice say, \"We'll make you better.\"  I believe him. \n\nTogether, we decided that since the only true cure for my condition was a hysterectomy, that would be the path we would take.  Unfortunately my surgery was cancelled for reasons beyond Dr. Webb's control and it cannot be rescheduled until his office reaches an understanding with Honor Health as my surgery is to be performed on one of their campuses.  I am a reasonable person, and I understand that things like this do happen.  Though it is unfortunate, disappointing, & frustrating, I do not blame Dr. Webb.\n\nAs an aside, during one of my visits to Dr. Webb, he even offered to check my husband's testosterone levels and perhaps get him on some testosterone cream if he was lacking in that area. I thought that was especially nice of him to try to help us to improve our sexual health as a married couple since I had expressed to him that my desire for sexual interaction seemed much stronger than my husband's desire.  My husband would not submit to the testing process, but I still appreciated Dr. Webb making that extra effort to try to reach him.  It is difficult to get my husband to listen to and respect the opinion of anyone - even (and quite possibly especially) doctors. To listen and respond would be a true miracle. \n\nI do agree as well with the reviewer that stated the office staff is rude on the phone.  That does happen.  They also don't really listen to you when you try to express why you're calling.  They just try to send you off as quickly as possible to whoever they can transfer you too.  The problem is, since they do not care about listening, they sometimes send you to the completely wrong person's voice mail and you have to call back and start over.  YeP.  That has happened to me too.  \n\nHowever, I STRESS - I thought this was a review of Dr. Webb, himself, so I'm not going to knock off an entire star of Dr. Webb's just because a young girl had a bit of attitude on the phone on a Monday morning or was distracted and incorrectly transferred me again. That doesn't seem fair to Dr. Webb.  I would not want that done to me if I were the doctor. However, having had that experience, I believe I may mention it to Dr. Webb on my next visit so that he can take the steps necessary to correct the problem.  He may not even be aware of it.\n\nI look forward to my upcoming surgery with Dr. Webb, and I will update this review following that interaction to let you all know how it goes.  :-)