If you want to know the full story read the whole review. If you are just looking for a quick review read the first paragraph. \n\nIf you have a honda that needs any type of service and you live in the Vegas area, you would be a fool NOT to take it to James and Hondatronics. James is the most honest, caring, helpful, friendly mechanic I've ever met. He got the work done fast and cheap and it is work that is done REALLY WELL. Take your Honda (or Acura) to James. Trust me. \n\nHere's my story. I am an LA native and was driving with my wife to Las Vegas for the weekend. Our car broke down 62 miles outside of Vegas in the middle of nowhere at 10pm on a Friday night. I quickly pulled out my iPhone and yelped some mechanics. Hondatronics seemed to have great reviews so we had the car towed there. We left it in front of the shop at about 11:30 at night with the key in the overnight drop box. By the time we came back in the morning (Saturday morning) James already had our car pulled back around, and diagnosed. Normally Saturday service is by appointment only but because we were in need of some answers quickly James made it happen. \n\nAnd that's not all. It turns out our 66,000 mile Honda civic engine needed to be replaced. Now that's very abnormal. Honda engines are still basically brand new at 66,000 miles. Because of James' expertise with the Honda brand he knew something weird had happened. He took a look through the system and found there was NO OIL in the car. He then took time to determine there was NO OIL LEAK in the car. He came back out to us and asked if we had our car oil serviced anytime recently. We had, in fact. He let us know that the lack of oil caused the engine to basically explode, and that we needed a new one. James did an excellent job, however, documenting all the service and even went so far as to document himself unscrewing the nut from the oil pan and showing there was NO OIL. He saved the oil filter and basically gave us all the evidence we needed to bring the claim to the oil company. \n\nNot only did James do an incredible job replacing our engine, he also spent a lot of his own time helping to make sure we had what we needed to fight for our claim. James is the best mechanic I have ever come across. He is honest and stands by his work. Without question, take your Honda or Acura to James and Hondatronics. You won't be disappointed.