Firstly, let me begin this review by stating how I judged this establishment. I looked at it as a buffet, meaning that you can't expect stellar service and world-class dishes but at the same time it's at Aria, meaning you would expect a little more than your average $8-all-you-can-eat extravaganza. That said, going off of these rough judging \"guidelines\", I have to say that The Buffet at Aria fell a little short of what I expected. \n\nNow, let's start the actual review with the pricing. So we get there expecting to pay roughly $30 a head for lunch ($23-$25 +taxes). The lady asks how many of us is it and then begins ringing the first person up and it's like almost $50. Cool. There is an option to add unlimited alcoholic drinks for $12.99 so I figure she took it upon herself to imagine that we wanted that option and that once the taxes were added, that was the total. I just thought I would confirm that that's where the price came from before I paid. Nope, that wasn't the case. She explained that the base price was more because it was Chinese New Year and that there was an extra charge because there were eight of us at a table. We said ok, well we don't need to pay extra to be at one long table after paying extra for the New Year , we can just have two tables of four next to one another (the restaurant was not very busy at all). Nope, not an option. She explained that we would either be at a table of eight or be on opposite sides of the restaurant (she did all but say deliberately). Ok ma'am, you wanna play it like that, take the extra dollars and sit us together. It should be noted that we got to The Buffet after a wonderful morning at the hotel's spa which was well worth the considerable amount of money spent. That said, we had no problem spending roughly $50 a head for a buffet after the money spent at the spa but it was the principal that we took issue with. \n\nNevertheless, we were starved and once we got seated at our banquet table for eight, we went straight for the food. I started at the carving station which probably wasn't my greatest move given my feelings towards the staff from my encounter with the lady on the register. The man at the carving station acted like he had been there for two days straight without food or water - he was so notably unpleasant. That was the last bad encounter that I had with staff as the wait staff were all nice. \n\nOk, so about the food. As for the selection, there seemed to be no stone left unturned. There was cuisine from all corners of the globe with an assortment of dishes at each station. I really don't think there is any way to try them all, even though I would have liked to. Notable finds were the chicken in the Chinese section, the waffles, the pizza and of course the desserts. The salad bar was also extremely extensive all on its own. I would say that the quality of the food was pretty good in general. There were a few things that were a little lackluster like the American\/ comfort food section (which is disappointing because I love that so much) but on average I would say the food was a good for buffet food. \n\nOne positive that is worth mentioning is the physical space. It is very bright, airy and spacious. I would say it surpasses other buffets in this area because it had a much better layout and therefore atmosphere than others that I've been to. A lot of time there are people bumping into one another and the place itself just feels like a jambalaya of people and food scents but this was not like that at all. I would go as far as to say that the physical space and atmosphere was the best part of the experience for me. \n\nOverall, it was ok for what it was. I would suggest it if you're with a large group of people who all have different tastes and you happen to be at Aria, but I wouldn't go out of my way as I understand that most of the hotels have a buffet. If you're at Aria with a smaller group, I'd suggest trying one of their other restaurants as I know the hotel has better food offerings.