We are pretty lucky in Cleveland to have amazing breweries on both the east and west side - however I truly feel that Fatheads owns the crown...truly no contest.  For instance the Belgian powerhouse Sorcerer brewed with rock candy or its lighter sister Head Trip - both smooth no nonsense brews that range in abv from 10-11%.  Or the hop fest of award winning Headhunter, Hop JuJu or DankeSinatra.  Maybe it's seasonal you prefer with Pimp my Sleigh, Oompa Loompa or St Fattys - you really cannot go wrong - well except for that Battle Axe beer that, yeah that tastes like what I can only imagine cat pee tastes like.  You are in craft beer Mecca and you should recognize that instead of asking the server \"what one would taste like Bud Light\" as that makes fellow patrons wish upon a star that someone would ask you to be relegated to drinking only water. \n\nNow food - don't do the pizzas - they are soggy messes.  And salads - are you really considering that? You should probably just go somewhere else if u want a salad and a Bud Light...\n\nNow for appetizers you can't go wrong with wings, the garlic parm fries, the Bavarian pretzels (will be a last meal on earth request) or the nachos.  The burgers are all good and do have fries - the Parma Sutra is my favorite - I mean bacon cheeseburger topped with a pierogi - can it BE more Cleveland?  Headwiches come with homemade chips (ask for ranch) the bay of pigs (delish), the beauty & the beasty (amazing), the clevelander hot dog (yes please) all worth the time and effort.  Chicken sandwiches come down to the Aloha Chicken for me - tonight I order that and my only complaint was the wing sauce looked like two small dribbles and that was all.  Service was good - attentive and made menu suggestions.  Even took desert home - Baileys Cheesecake - but we are to full to try it; tomorrow's another day right? \n\nBottom line I would pay them to open a place in the east side - i miss this place so much! Keep doing the fabulous beer work you are doing; the dedication shows!