Very disappointing experience yesterday.\n\nNormally, eating lunch in the bar while playing video poker is a positive experience here but not yesterday.  Bartender I'd never seen before.  She did not ask our names, nor did she introduce herself, so it was difficult to get her attention when we couldn't call out her name.  Her boyfriend was in costume, sitting at the bar 'playing.'  She spent more time with him than she gave to all of the other customers combined.\n\nI had iced tea, hubby had iced water.  We spent $180 gambling.  We each had a sandwich for lunch.  The nameless bartender charged us for both sandwiches, as well as the avacado on my BLT&A -- $21.62, and she couldn't comp it!!!\n\nCouldn't get her attention because she was so focused on her beau, so I had to leave the bar and go to the restaurant stand where I asked restaurant wait staff for the To Go Box that I wasn't able to get from the Bartender because I couldn't get the Bartender's attention because of her boyfriend.  Due to the level of service, we left a total of $23 -- that a tip  of $1.38. \n\nImmediately upon arriving at home, hubby had gastro distress and RAN for the bathroom.  Two hours later, same thing happened to me.  We were both nauseated.  Can't help but wonder if someone in the kitchen had dirty hands, because we did not order the same thing, but both sufferered sudden intense gastro distress.  One we used the toilet, the nauseau passed and we were both fine.  I threw out the leftovers.\n\nUnusally for this Winchell's, the place where I sat was dirty.  Lots of food crumbs; I later realized they were onion rings crumbles.  Once again, it's because the Bartender wasn't doing her job; she was busy with her boyfriend in the dumb dinosaur costume.  (Several days before Halloween, I might add.)  I hope management discusses their expectations with this young lady.  I know this is not Winchell's standard.  I even said out loud to my husband, ensuring the Bartender could hear, \"Oh, there's food on this machine.\"  Anyone else would have brought over a rag and cleaned it.  Not her.... back to Love Boy instead of working.\n\nI will return but hope to not encounter this Bartender again.  The others are professional:  They introduce themselves; they ask our names; they pay attention to their customers; and they comp enough of our tab that we feel our business is valued.  This young lady fell short in every way.  She needs remedial training and a firm word from management or to find a job elsewhere, IMHO.