I'm a huge Starwood fan and I try to stay at as many Ws as I can. Since there wasn't a W near where we wanted to go, we opted for the Sheraton. \n\nThe Sheraton Centre Toronto is centrally located near downtown and specifically on Queen Street West, which is a hip, cute area filled with shopping and restaurants. We chose the hotel based on its location. \n\nThe hotel lobby is spacious and beautiful; there's even an outdoor fountain that you can see from the center of the lobby. There are plush velvet chairs and long tables where people can plug in. I read that there's free wifi in the lobby but I did not try it. Internet access in the room costs $18\/night which is super expensive. \n\nUnfortunately, our stay was a bit disappointing. We had a King size room on the 35th floor on the Starwood Preferred floor. The room was a bit run down and can use a facelift. \n\nWhenever I tried to call Guest Services from my room, nobody ever answered. I ended up calling Room Services and they transferred me back. I had to call because we were out of toilet paper and they didn't have a back-up roll in the bathroom or closet. \n\nThe second time I called Guest Services and nobody answered, I went down to the lobby and got help right away. \n\nI commend their efforts to be green and the menu was online (on the TV only). However, they do not broadcast all the menus, just the one that you can order from. We wanted to order breakfast room service for the next morning, so I called and asked what they had on the menu besides the limited options on the breakfast door tag. She told me to write everything down as they have everything. When our order came in the morning, they did not bring everything requested, nor all the condiments needed. \n\nThe last thing was that the TV cable connection sucked. It was always freezing. I didn't even bother calling about it. On the last day we were there, there was a knock on the door, then immediately, someone opened our door, it was a teenager who asked if he can check our TV levels. He did not look like an employee and an older man who was with him was like, oh, sorry and told him to back off. That's sketchy. I'm glad we checked out that day since who knows how those people got a hold of the master key...