A random Saturday, what better way that to spend it driving aimlessly and going into whatever seems the most appealing? Well, after hitting up the Target and various stores down the street, a friend and I decided to see the Mermaids at the Silverton. My friend decided we should cut through Bass Pro Shops in order to get to the main attraction. However, we ended up spending an hour in this store - the Mermaid was disappointing so this was our main attraction.\n\nDisneyland meets the wilderness - the only way I know how to describe this store. I was like a sugar-high child roaming the store - all of the taxidermy scenes, the adorably kitschy products. Not going to lie, I felt as though I pulled up to the parking lot in a Prius. I was feeling a bit out of place when I saw numerous trucks in the lot as well as the wall showcasing elk, moose, and various animal heads. However, in exploring the store I asked myself so many times \"How could I not love this store?\".\n\nThe first level is mainly comprised of fishing gear, various children's items, adorably packaged food products, as well as a \"shooting range\" game. Needless to say, my friend and I explore this bottom floor like we were five years old. There are also some aquatic displays of indigenous Nevada fish - the coolest of which was a waterfall\/pond set up with enormous fish inhabiting it! The second level was primarily hunting gear - from archery to the camouflage suits. Really, only things to entertain the most diehard of the outdoorsy. \n\nEven for a girl who loves her liberal notions, something about Bass Pro Shops riles up the inner child\/hunter in me. It could be the hilarious taxidermy set-ups of dinner time with lions preying on anything from moose to coyote-type animals (which I was confused by, feeling as though they were combining two different continents in one display) or the kitschy products that speak to my imaginary outdoorsy side. Outdoor World was a million times better than what we actually went to the Silverton for.