Another quick dissapointment among a overrated franchise that has lost it's steam over the course of a few years. When Lee's sandwiches first opened it's doors in California it was among the best places to go to for Banh Mi, Iced Coffee, and even their deserts. Unfortunately as they expanded their stores their quality slowly diminished. Let's hope that Las Vegas is the last place they go to.\n\nI had the opportunity to go to their grand opening celebration with a couple of other fellow yelpers, but for the benefit of the doubt, I wanted to hold off on writing a review on them since it wouldn't have been fair. They were super busy that day, so I wanted to wait a bit and come back another time since I didn't get to check everything out.\n\nWent there last night and it was a major dissapointment. The Banh Mi still sucked, bearly any meat or paste, if you're gonna give that little then charge less. It's Lees Sandwiches, not freaking Louis Vuitton or Chanel. So please don't charge more just because of the name. And if you're gonna charge more, at least make it taste super delicious so it's worth the price, but it's not. The bread I admit is good, but that's only because it is baked in house fresh everyday, so there is no excuse to mess up on that. Iced coffee, hella expensive for the amount they give you. I piss more after being dehydrated for 8 hours.\n\nOverall the store is very clean and obviously new, very flashy and modern. They have free wifi, YAY! But I wouldn't use it anyway.\n\nCustomer service, oh lord......I asked one of the workers last night if they still only accepted cash, and she pretty much answered me like I was stupid retarded. She then right in front of me turned over to her co-worker and whispered something to him about me asking her such a stupid question, and that there is a sign right there that says \"cash only\", and he just shook his head. First of all you dumb\nb!tch, if you're gonna talk sh!t right in front of a customer, then you might as well say it out loud and not try to cover your mouth with a freaking receipt. Or if you were smart at least wait till I'm gone and then say something. Fortunately I was in a good mood last night so I didn't say anything to her. So if you're reading this, YES, I heard you, you little twat. So let's rewind the retarded and don't get all pissy about me not seeing your stupid little sign. Out of all the shit and signs they have by the register how the hell am I suppose to see that little \"Cash only\" sign. That's like being in a night club and trying to find a midget.\n\nSo.............this junk get's one star, make your food better, charge a reasonable price, be smarter about what you say in front of a customer, and for god sakes accept debit\/credit cards. We're not in the stone ages, and let's not make the stereotype that asians are cheap\/stingy any more true than it already is.\n\nI don't even feel like Rickrolling this place, sigh.........if Rick Astley were here he would just face palm himself.