BEWAREEEEE!!  DON'T GO HERE!! \nIf I could give this place a zero,  I would. I would never recommend this furniture store to anyone even my worst enemy. Customer service is horrible! You pay thousands of dollars for furniture that arrives and is broken by the delivery guys. I ordered over 2000.00 worth of stuff and for one didn't arrive at the specific date,  then it was scheduled for a six hour window, and the drivers were an hour and a half late. Then they rushed to put everything together... only to have them break the merchandise when it was out together by the their delivery guys. Next,  they put multiple damages into my house from being careless and trying to be fast cause they were extremely late. They put knicks and scratches on my merchandise and when brought up to their attention, they took out a black sharpie and colored in the knicks and scratches!!  I took pictures of all the damages,  then contacted the store. The managers refused to take my calls. I dealt with Linda,  January,  and Mariah.  All of whom was not able to do anything for me.  After two weeks of waiting for my replacement items because day after day,  false promises were made and guarantees were broken, I just about had it.  I went to the store to get my full refund and of course the manager Eli,  refused to give me my full refund because   the broken merchandise was at my house.  They are trying to charge me a 15% restocking fee for broken items.  Nonetheless, I am disputing with my credit card company and will recieve my full refund. They sent their truck to pick up the broken items and I am taking my business else where! I SUGGEST YOU DON'T BUY ANYTHING FROM THEM. the BBB has them rated with an F. Too many complaints and not handled properly. You get what you pay for... In this case,  is rather go to walker to get the sane items for 200.00 extra than deal with these people every again! Save yourself time and stress and money...  Don't buy anything from them. They've been reported to Visa and are on the list to be removed from the capability of using Visa!!!!!