Okay so I'll start out with the bad first, the kitchen was slow and we had little particles floating around in our water and some on the sides of the glass which you can see. Our server was very kind. She seemed like she was running around in the beginning, she got to our table and was out of breath. I just wanted to tell her to take it easy lol. We ordered a Bloody Mary half way through our meal and although it was garnished with a chicken wing we couldn't finish it because it was too spicy, salty, etc. I would say try to make the drink like more of a drink than a spicy sauce for a hickey wing. It was just too spicy to the point that we only sipped maybe 25% of the drink (4 of us were sipping on it). But now onto the good stuff! The food was amazing. We had the calamari and chorizo Mac and cheese for an appetizer, I didn't get a picture when it first came out due to the fact that I was excited and hungry. The calamari was delicious and a good size as an appetizer for 5 people. The chorizo Mac and cheese was \"the shit\"! Never tasted any Mac and cheese quite like this one, they even come with potato chips on top to give 'em a little crunch. Next up was my entree, I had the fish and chips and to say the least it was good. It didn't have the right flavor I was looking for but mind you, it was my first time EVER ordering fish and chips, so for those of you who like fish and chips and love tartar sauce, this is the place you that you should go to. Next came dessert, and since we waited a while to get our food they gave us a complimentary dessert which were the Nutella chocolate chip cookie ice cream sandwich and the lemon merengue. The desserts were outstanding! Just keep in mind lemon merengue packs a little punch but it was delicious. I rated this place 4 stars because the food is awesome, and even though the kitchen was slow management actually showed that they cared about our dining experience. There are a few things that need to be fixed like the little particles in the water, maybe tone all the spices down in the Bloody Mary as well. But other than that I have no complaints because the food was absolutely delicious, and that's what I went there for right?! Definitely a spot to check out, it's on the second floor so it had a pretty cool view.