I am very disappointed in the service my friend and I received here and will not return.\n\nIt started off on Tuesday when I called about a vehicle I saw on cars.com.  The first person I spoke with on the phone had me hold until she got the next person, then I was transferred again, after that I was transferred two more times until finally was gotten to Agustine in the used car department.  He would not confirm the price over the phone saying he couldn't see the price at all (this was bull. I've worked in sales too and I know how to get someone to come look at something in person, too!) so I set up an appointment to come down.  \n\nNow the ad online for the vehicle I wanted was removed but was not specific why; on the phone they had told me they had similar cars to the price I wanted.  I was very firm with telling them the price was the deciding factor.\n\nMy friend drove me down there and the first thing we saw when pulling into the lot was 4 guys standing near the entrance watching cars drive by.  One eager pup named Kyle ran up to my friend's car and was all smiles and so willing to help us.  It felt a bit fishy, no one is that eager.  They got Agustine and the first thing I said to him when I saw him was that it looked like the ad had been removed, was it sold? Agustine said he was not sure but it could be at another lot.  I reiterated several times that I could not afford a lot and the price was the deciding factor;  I told him my budget and that I could not go over it.  Agustine asked if I was willing to finance. I told him that the payment I was willing to make per month for financing was $20, making it clear that this was not a good option, couldn't afford it!\n\nAgustine took my friend and I to the back near the service area to look at a car.  He never said the year\/make\/model when showing the car.  He did not know the mileage on it and there was no way to see it on the dashboard because supposedly the battery was removed.  He wouldn't tell my friend and me what the price was, kept saying it was near the price we wanted.  On the way back to the sales building, he told us he was only 18 and new to the job with under 6 months experience in it.\n\nWhen we finally returned to the building so he could try to sell it to us, he brought out the sheet with the price. NOWHERE ON THE SHEET DID IT SAY THE YEAR\/MAKE\/MODEL, VIN, MILEAGE or anything about the vehicle.  This vehicle looked older, probably late 90's.  He tried to tell us then it was an 2005 something, wrote in 73,000 but never left the VIN (I couldn't carfax this POS because of this).   He had told us the price of the car was close to what I said I was willing to spend (basically all I had to spend, I even told this guy how much I made in a year) but with all of the damn fees it was about 4 and half times the price I could spend! It was just under half of what I make a year after taxes.  He kept trying to get us to negotiate.  My friend and I wouldn't budge because we did not have the money.\n\nHe stated he would discuss with his boss.  So his boss Chuck Hale comes over.  He kept trying to get us to agree to the price.  My friend had to interupt him because he kept going and she told him firmly that I only had a certain amount of money and could not go over it.  He became condescending and rude, asking if my friend could help purchase the car, if she had credit cards.  My friend commented that she was filing bankruptcy and he made a comment that his son had the same type of medical bills and never had to do that.  He said we did not have a bright outlook on life and left shortly after to speak with his \"boss\" (he was the manager of the facilty).  Agustine came back and said they couldn't assist us at this time, gave us referral cards and we left.  \n\nThey even forgot to give me my driver's license back so we had to come back 20 minutes later. \n\nI will not refer people to this place and even if I had more money to purchase a better car, I would not come back! Stay away!