So, last Friday my fridge decided to call it quits.  We're currently unable to bring food into the house and expect it to last any length of time, so we've been going to McDonald's and the like to try and stay fed.  Last night we thought, \"You know what?  Let's try somewhere new.  Maybe somewhere in the beaches.\"  So, after extensive Yelping, the Green Eggplant had my vote.  And needless to say, I was not dissapointed.\n\nThe cost of soda here is just like at any restaurant.  $2.50 free refills.  The menu was absolutely ridiculous.  I mean, there was at least a 5 page menu, and I wasn't expecting it at all.  We ordered the \"Mediterranean Sausage Penne Pasta\" and the \"Lobster & Jumbo Shrimp Angel Hair Pasta in a Rosee sauce\" (just because I'm not a fan of the creamy sauce).  As well as the \"Jumbo Rock Slide Brownie Sundae\".  \nWe  walked in around 4:00, dead empty.  We got seated right away, water was brought to the table immediately along with some delicious bread and dips.  The three dips were a (pardon my spelling) babaganoush, roasted eggplant, and hummus.  I already know I don't like hummus so I just avoided that one, the eggplant was interesting, but I don't think my tastebuds are that sofisticated yet.  The babaganoush was GONE.  Both my boyfriend and I loved it.  Amazing.  Our water cups were filled every few minutes, so no complaints there.  We also got another order of bread almost immediately.\nSo, the sausage dish.  The sausage was a little on the salty side, and if you're not the one who ordered it, it's just right.  But I can see how if you had to eat a plate full of it, it would become a little too salty.  The sauce.  I'm not sure what to say about it.  When you look at it, you almost expect a regular tomato sauce, but when you actually taste it it's something else altogether.  Delicious in it's own right, but definitely throws you off for a minute or two.\nThe Lobster and Jumbo shrimp, well, that was just okay.  In all honesty I couldn't even find a piece of lobster, and based on the huge chunks of shrimp, I kind of expected to see a lobster tail sitting on my pasta that I'd have to cut up, but no such luck.  I was not a fan of the rosee sauce, but like I said before, I've never been a fan of creamy sauces.  For those that don't know, the rosee is just the creamy white sauce mixed with some tomato sauce.  I think I would have perferred this dish more if it were larger chunks of lobster, the impossibly small shrimp, and tomato sauce.\nThe brownie sunday, Oh My God.  I was expecting a little plate of goodness, but when this came out, it was MASSIVE.  At least 1cup of ice cream, 1cup of whipped cream, three brownie chunks, a cherry on top, and pure goodness.  The whipped cream, ice cream, cherry and chocolate sauce are your standard staples.  The brownie was this peanut butter, chocolate chunk brownie.  Not expected but delicious.\nPart way through our meal a few more tables were seated, and it seemed like there was only the one waitress working, so we got \"forgotten\" for a few moments here and there, but if you're in a busy restaurant, you'd expect that to happen a couple times.  Not enough to make me complain.\nAll in all, it was absolutely delicious, the plate sizes were HUGE, and both of us had something to take home (although we couldn't due to the fridge), it was more like two days eating out at the same place, ordering the same meal.  That's how much was left over.  We ended up spending $48 including tip.  Will definitely return to try something else.\nI don't ever give 100% (five stars) because I don't believe it exists.  But if it did, this place would certainly be close.\n\nOh and they have a website if you want to check out the menu before you go, http:\/\/www.greeneggplant.com\/index.html