People\/companies all make mistakes, but it is how they handle them that is a true indicator of how good they are.\n\nWe flew to Cuba with Sunwing Vacations last week. The seats in the aircraft, a 737, were unacceptably tight but the cabin crew was very good. On our way back we were pretty much the last people to check-in and there were only single seats left. We had to pay $25\/person to upgrade to the Elite Plus (read: the emergency row for which they now charge a premium, because they can) so we could sit together. This was fine since there was actually a reasonable amount of leg room in this row. The problem arose when we handed over $60.00 CAD cash and didn't get any change, or a receipt. We figured it must have cost $25 CUC and that the exchange came to $60 CAD. We just wanted to get through security and sit down because we had been in line for over an hour since all the busses arrived at the same time, filling the entire building to the point of overflowing. After making it to the passenger lounge, some other travellers told us that they only paid twenty five dollars Canadian per person for the upgrade, as per the sign on the counter. We weren't about to tackle Cuban security to get back on the other side to confront the guy at the counter, so we emailed Sunwing when we got home. Now, we should have been charged $50, but were charged $60. What did Sunwing's \"Social Media Agent\" have to say? To their credit we received a response within 24 hours, but all we were offered was a $50.00 travel voucher. They would only give us a refund if we could provide a receipt, which I explained in my original email we didn't get. HEY SUNWING, YOU DEFRAUDED US, and if I don't get proper compensation by the end of this week - which is at the very least the $10.00 we were over charged - I will be filing a report with the police. \n\nNo amount of champagne (which I don't like anyway) can make up for the unprofessionalism and inability of this company to take responsibility for their short-comings. I will never use Sunwing Vacations again.