I was invited to Levilla for the Big Taste Calgary dining experience. Because of the size of our group, the reservation time we got was 8:30. The waiter was quite attentive while we waited for everyone to arrive. Their set dinner menu had options for all three courses which was great. I had ordered the cream of mushroom soup for the first course, the rib eye steak for the entree and the mango sorbet for the dessert. The mushroom soup was delicious. When I had ordered the rib eye steak, I thought it was so odd the waiter never asked how anyone wanted it done and I decided that I need to mention that I like my steaks cooked medium rare (anymore cooked I find it tough to eat) so he noted that the chefs cook the steak medium to medium rare. Is that odd? What about the people who eat theirs well done? My steak came and I was so disappointed. Mine was missing the sauce and the steak was over cooked. The waiter asked how was it and I said it's cooked to a medium so he took it back and got me a new one. Because of the time it was I was already getting quite annoyed. He brought me the new one and it was the same but I was already too hungry and everyone else was almost done their dinner so I just ate it. I hate restaurants where they can't cook a steak properly. Upon choosing the dessert, I had asked if the strawberry cheesecake was soft or more like NY style. He said it's more like a shortcake...huh? Your menu specifically said cheesecake but he mentioned that it was more spongy like cake so I decided to get the mango sorbet. The desserts came and the cheesecake looked so good. I got my mango sorbet and I had a couple of bites and thought, nothing special. I wanted to try the cheesecake as my friends were raving about how good it was. So I took a bite and thought, yum, it takes like cheesecake. I was obviously upset that I based my choice on the waiters comment. If it wasn't because our group was large enough that the 18% was mandatory, I wouldn't have tipped at all. I was looking forward to the dinner but came out severely disappointed!