I live and work in Toronto, so i also play here. Now, i do not find myself at Remingtons on a regular basis, however, from time to time i like to go there for several reasons. Let me break the place down in point form:\nLocation - it is right on Yonge St in midtown and very easy to find.\n\"Picture it\" - picture a long and narrow room, with one main stage and several raised platforms with poles in the middle for boys to dance on. The main stage is a good enough size, especially since it is usually only occupied by one dude. It is set against the wall, which is a large mirror, giving the viewers more to look at. There are 2 poles on the main stage. The lighting is for the most part dark, black walls, but proper lighting where needed. There is one bar at the front, but lots of cute boys in underwear walking around doing table service.\nDancers - this is where it gets good. There are all types of guys plying their trade here. Go on a Monday after work for some drinks with friends and you will be watching the same 5 or 6 sketched out raver casualties trying to make rent or pay back a drug debt. It can be depressing, but also sometimes interesting. As the night wears on, more guys show up, mostly the \"for rent\" types. You will find a lot of gay for pay going on here. As the week moves along, the dancers get better looking, and more of them show up. Sunday night ladies are allowed in (the only night when they are allowed) so the place gets packed with women and fags, and of course strippers. You get the same guys who are there all week, PLUS, the dudes who dance for women, but will also take a tip from a fag, because money is money, right. Each dancer performs for 3 songs and go right down to nothing. Full frontal nudity is the norm.\nPrivate Booths - the DJ will constantly remind you over the speaker that each dancer is available for a \"private dance\" in the upstairs booths for $20. I think it's a great deal! Take your pick of any guy, go upstairs (make sure you have a 2 dollar coin on you because for some reason some kid is at the top of the stairs charging you to use the booths - weird). The booths are hilarious. Basically they are like being in a high school bathroom stall, but instead of a toilet there is a little ledge for you to sit on. The guy of your choice then takes off his jeans or whatever he has on right off the bat and tells you that you can touch him anywhere you want. Anywhere. You get one song for $20 bucks. You can then negotiate further what you want to do\nDrinks - a little over priced, but not too bad. Stick to beer. Mixed drinks are weak in my opinion.\nMusic - depends on who is dancing I think - they choose their own songs, but usually it's a mix of typical gay dance music (which I hate).\nClientele - everything from corporate types coming in from the stock market, to college boys out for fun, to alternative queers, leather men, bears, and on Sundays, soccer moms with the rest previously mentioned.\nConclusion - this place is a great experience and more so later in the week and sometime after 9pm for sure. The later it gets, the better it becomes. Don't be fooled by the website (it shows pictures of the dances) - only a small portion of the dancers choose to be on the site.\nCover - $5 at the door, some nights are free