I usually listen to 100.7 in the mornings, so I've been hearing about Bubba's Burghers and wanted to give it a try. We also discovered that Wednesdays are $3 wine night, so we were looking forward to it.\n\nWe chose a table in the corner near the restrooms, and right off the bat, my friend says, \"I smell urine.\" We hesitated, but I didn't smell anything and she said it had passed, so we decided to stay.\n\nI'd heard that the place was more bar than restaurant, so I didn't really know what to expect. I thought it was a pretty good combination of the two. The bar and dining area are in the same room, but it isn't dark and smoky like a bar. I was a little nervous about the noise level, because a lot of reviews said that it was really noisy. There's nothing I hate more than having to shout in order to have a conversation. But this wasn't my experience at all. Even after the tables started filling up, the noise level remained low to average.\n\nWe started with the Buffalo Chicken Dip and loved it. The dip is super buffalo-y and my mouth was just a tad on fire. The pitas that came with it were fried and delicious.\n\nI had the Bacon Ranch Burger with the mixture of regular and sweet potato fries. I rather enjoyed the burger. I agreed with my friend that it was a little too well done on the outside, but I still thought it was really good. I suppose the buns are kind of lacking, but my burger didn't fall apart or anything, so I thought it was fine. And if I'm honest, I love any kind of bread. The ranch on the burger was no Denny's ranch, but was still pretty good. The regular fries were delicious, fresh cut, and similar to the Patato Patch's fries. The sweet potato fries tasted ok but weren't crispy, which is a deal breaker for me. \n\nFriend had a plain burger, and even with ketchup, the outsided was charred too much for her liking. She only had a couple of bites, but did enjoy the fries (only regular fries for her). We had 2 or 3 glasses of wine and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.\n\nI ordered the hummus and pita to go to drop off for my mom. These pitas weren't fried but were good (again, any kind of bread). My mom said the hummus was delicious. I had a small taste, but I'm not a fan of hummus, so I can't really say whether it was good or not (I didn't vomit, if that helps).\n\nOur server was attentive, although not super friendly. I guess that's ok since our orders were more or less correct and we didn't have to wait very long. Drinks were refilled within a reasonable time frame.\n\nI'm going to say 4 stars overall, depsite the urine smell (hopefully the restroom just needed a good cleaning). I'd be interested in going back if I'm in the area again.\n\nP.S. Bubba didn't seem to be there. I'm guessing it was too late in the day to catch a glimpse of Bubba. He didn't seem to be around