I've used MRAH for over 2 decades. They have helped me with the health of a number of pets. Over the years it seems that the quality of services have gone down. \n\nI brought my cat in after she apparently suffered a traumatic episode and severly attacked me. She was rampant. The receptionist's reply was \"What do you want US to do about it?\" I had to convince them to take a look at her and keep her overnight to give me and my other cat a break. I did not take their advice to give her an anti-depressant made specifically for her at initial cost of $250 and $65 a week. Instead I isolated her and slowly regained her trust over a 2 month period. She recovered and was more affectionate than ever living another 5 happy years.\n\nA few years later I needed to board my 2 new kittens due to mold in our house. This was the first time I had been in the kennel. The smell of cat urine bowled me over as soon as I walked in the front door. At that point I had no choice so I left my kittens there. I went over for a visit since they had been there over a week. The smell was just as bad. With permission, I went into the cat room to find a very small room with a table and one large window--important to cats, but it was covered with a fogged acrylic so you could not see outside. There was dried waste in every single cage and the cats had no way to get away from it. Several cats had no water. \n\nThey say they play with your pets when you board them but this room was so small that there was very little space for cats to play or frolic much more than jumping up on the table. We were not ready to move back into the house so I moved my cats to a place that understood what cats need and like. A large room with tri-level cages with the litter box on the bottom, multiple floor to ceiling windows, lots of things to climb on and play with in the room, a chair and NO SMELL...at all. \n\nI was sadly disappointed at the conditions in the cat room at MRAH. I understand they have made some structural changes at the kennel. I hope some of those changes included the cat room. The area for the dogs is great but the cats need a MUCH better space than what I saw. I would have to check it out before I would board my cats there again.