Based on all of the great Yelp reviews, SOLO has been on our list for awhile. We're all about visiting family-owned restaurants. The pictures look good, but I think our expectations were just too high going in.\n\nSOLO is tucked away in the Camelback Esplanade complex, an area that seemed kind of dark and dead on a Saturday night. There were plenty of patrons within the restaurant, however, which has both patio and indoor seating. The décor is a combination of both traditional and modern, with walls scattered with artwork that's also for sale (a la Barrio café).\n\nWe love burrata and saw some pictures of some burrata bruschetta. They were offering an acorn squash bruschetta that included burrata. The cheese was okay, although isn't burrata supposed to be creamy? The puree squash spread just didn't really do it for us. Maybe we just made a poor choice for our tastes, but it just reminded me too much of baby food. There's a picture on the website (and on Yelp) of some creamy burrata bruschetta which I'm guessing is probably much better.\n\nTheir housemade bread was the best part of the meal - and I'm not entirely sure that's a good thing. Freshly baked with a nice crispy outer layer, while still managing to be soft and flavorful on the inside. \n\nWe ordered a pappardelle pasta. As another reviewer noted, there's nothing wrong with the pasta itself. But the sauce is void of any flavor, which really puts a damper on its potential. We actually had to add salt, which should be the absolute last thing you should ever had to do to liven up a pasta.\n\nFor pizza, we opted for the ham and fig pizza, which also includes prosciutto. The ingredients were acceptable, but the crust was pretty bland and didn't really offer up any flavor pop. Having regularly dined at many of the popular pizzerias in the area, I guess we're just too damned spoiled.\n\nThey do offer a free dessert for Yelp check-in. We chose the lava cake, which was just okay. We would have ordered the affagato, but their presentation didn't quite look as exciting as some of the variations we've had at other places in town.\n\nThe service was okay and the place has a pretty calm and relaxing atmosphere, so I will give them a bit of credit for that. But with so many other options available that are within miles of this place, we didn't really feel it lived up to the hype.  \n\nMany people seem to like it, so they must be doing something right. But ultimately, it just wasn't for us, I guess.