The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars instead of 1 is their naan bread was fantastic.\n\nI'm hungry and craving some Indian food, so I stop in.  I'd eaten here a few years ago and thought it was pretty good but not great.  So I go in and the lady at the counter who is none too welcoming tells me to go sit \"whereever\".  So I do, assuming she will bring me some water and then I'll go to the buffet.  But I'm sitting there for a while, about to just go to the buffet when she comes over and rudely says \"You can go get a plate.\"  I'm wondering if I've offended her in some way but as I haven't really said or done anything, I figure not.  As I go to fill up my plate, I (and the entire restaurant) hear her yelling into the kitchen and the tone was not friendly.  Someone yells back, also not in friendly or joking tones.\n\nNow, I look at the items in the buffet, and it looks pretty sparse.  Granted, the place hadn't just opened, it was after 1.  But still.  Rice, a chicken korma, a spinach dish, a vegetarian dish, maybe two sad pieces of tandoori chicken, no onions or lemon with in.  But, I figure, maybe they had a lunch rush and maybe I'm spoiled into having a larger variety.  I check out the \"salad\" part of the buffet, pretty standard stuff.  The food was very bland, even for me who doesn't like really spicy.  All the food seemed to have a similar flavor to it.  Then I tasted one of the relishes- bad idea- I had to spit it out it was so noxious.  I'm not even sure what it was,maybe something with olives (my husband is constantly amazed that I will eat things I don't recognize) but it was bad, bad, bad!  Inedible.  Heinous.\n\nAt this point, I'm really wishing the waitress\/greeter would bring me the water I still haven't received so I can get this awful taste out of my mouth.  She comes over and I politely ask her for water and if the buffet comes with naan bread which I see other customers eating.  She says yes and stomps away.  She brings me water finally and a few minutes LATER I see her order some naan bread from the kitchen.  So I'm done with my meal and eventually she brings the bread, which, I will say right now, was outrageously good.  So good I'm considering going back even though the meal itself was pretty terrible and the service worse.  I go back to the buffet, convinced I've maybe missed something- like the really great milky tea or rice pudding some Indian buffets serve, but no.  I'm out of luck.  To top it off, I go over to pay, and I compliment the lady on the naan bread, to which she says nothing but tells me to wait there.  I wait while she and several others clean up the entire buffet!  After they are done, she comes over and does me the favor of letting me pay.  \n\nI couldn't really believe this experience, it was almost comical.  Like one of those restaurants where it's their \"thing\" to be rude to the patrons....well, I  will probably not be going back here even for the naan.