You have a choice of Mazda dealers in the greater Phoenix area, choose any of the others.  My husband went to More Mazda on 6\/21 to buy me a CX-5 Touring.  Which he did, and I love the car....except for the fact that it did not come with Sirius.   My husband and his son told the salesman, Gary Potter, that I loved Sirius, had it in the car I was trading in and he replied \" Oh yeah, it has all that\".  So you can imagine my frustration the following day when I called Sirius to activate the radio and discovered that it did NOT have Sirius.  I called the dealer and spoke with Mike in the service department...the last pleasant person we spoke with.  He said he thought they had Sirius, but he would go out on the lot and look,  He came back and said nope, no Sirius.  He kicked us over to sales and they said they would get in touch with Gary and have him call us.  Which he did, and said AGAIN that yes, the car had Sirius.  MY husband explained that it clearly did not and Gary said he guessed that they all had a lot to learn about the CX-5's.  Uh, excuse me, but aren't the sales people supposed to be the experts or at least knowledgeable regarding their product?? After numerous phone calls back and forth Gary said they would order the parts and install the Sirius the following Monday and that he would \"eat\" the cost. He apologized for the misunderstanding. He spoke about how hard he fought for my husband with management to get the radio.  My husband offered to split the cost.  It is $525 if the car has it installed.  \n\nImagine our shock when we got a TEXT the next afternoon that the part was in, the install was scheduled and it would cost us $600!!!!!  We went from no cost to $600 without a conversation.  We cancelled the install.  \n\nIt is obvious to me that customer satisfaction goes out the door when you drive off the lot.  Gary said the car had Sirius and my husband believed he knew what he was talking about.  We learned a valuable lesson , read everything, question everything and don't leave the lot till you are 100% sure you are buying the car that has been described to you.