When it comes to the subject of Chinese cuisine, there is so much to talk about. I love it all, whether it's a local specialty like ginger beef or something more traditional like a simple breakfast of congee and fried crullers. And don't get me started on dim sum. I can eat chicken feet, heaping bowls of noodle soup with assorted 'meat'... it's a wonderland of great tastes and textures.\n\nForbidden City Dim Sum seems to capture it all. It's a glorious dim sum house with a lot of fresh and well-executed items from the regular menu that never fall short. The dining area is clean and modern, always alive with activity as diners converse over steaming hot-pots or glistening plates of colourful vegetables and fried morsels of deliciousness.\n\nThe menu is a tribute to everything I love about Chinese food. It ranges from simple stir-fried gai lan with garlic to the opulence of whole abalone. I opted for some simple gai lan and the tender braised pork belly with steamed bau on this visit. I can tell you that the gai lan was bright and crisp, with the aromatics and flavour of the garlic present, but not overpowering. The fresh flavour and texture of the vegetable was done very well, not overcooked and wilted.\n\nIf you had never experienced the awesomeness of pork belly, now is the time. It is common to enjoy this cut of pork with the crispy skin and fried meat, but when it is braised low and slow with the slightly sweet red sauce, it is something to behold. It's brought to the table in a bowl with a knife. To accompany it, a wooden box of steamed bau, flattened and folded over like a taco shell for you to make the tastiest sandwich you will ever put in your mouth. Toppings are simple - a bit of chopped green onion to cut the richness of the pork and some crushed peanuts for a little texture. This style, reminiscent of the Taiwanese street snack Gua Bau is a must-have for your next visit.\n\nYes, I have sampled other items on the menu and they are all very good. A particular favourite of mine is the fried rice, which they add a little masago for colour and texture. It's a little detail, but its those little things that can make a dish. But when I think about Forbidden City, I will always be thinking about that braised pork.