Lets start off with the fact they take reservations. This can be a negative if you just want to stop in and not sit at a communal table or at the bar, but when you're actually planning on coming here, this was a perk for us that worked in our favour.\nI also think the atmosphere is good, with the right amount of room between tables, enough natural light to be comfortable, and music that was hit and miss but not played at an overwhelming level which made it perfectly tolerable despite the odd transitions (Red Hot Chili Peppers into Garth Brooks was a prime example).\n\nBeerwise, I was surprised to see they only offer flights on Tuesdays and Wednesdays which was a bit of a disappointment. But they have what I'd guess to be a good 8 different types of beer on tap which are priced between $6.75 and $8.75 per pint. As is the case for smaller brewers, some beers are better than others which is why the flights are nice if they had've been an option. The Duggan's 9 IPA is a safe choice if you like hoppy and bitter flavours, and probably their best selling beer (since it is readily available in a lot of LCBO's in tallboy format). Surprisingly, the 99 Double IPA was actually a bit of a let down and seemed a bit flat in flavour comparably. The Sorachi Lager I thought had a weird aftertaste and didn't really impress. The Parkdale Bomber was actually the surprise of the night with it's 7% malted lager which packs a nice punch but still has a certain smoothness to it.\n\nFoodwise, we started with the Chicken Crackle and Beer Candied Bacon. They both came out quickly and were tasty and worth their $5-6 price tags. As a main I went with the Miami Beef Short Ribs ($14) which were also quite good along with its accompanying potato salad, and surprisingly brought out before I could even finish my first pint which is a rarity lately. I think the Candied Bacon was actually the best thing I ate, which is why I even ordered another round for dessert while we finished our drinks.\n\nGood food, decent beer, nice environment. Sounds like a 4 star review to me.