It takes a lot to seriously make me hate any dining experience. This place did just about everything it could think of to make me wish I never used an iphone app to find it. \n\nI went to Vegas this weekend to enjoy UFC 106 with some close friends. After Forrest Griffin made me happy I decided to top off the evening with something like The boiling Crab or the Crab hut. I used my friend's iPhone to find the nearest spot for us to indulge in some Cajun goodness. We got in a cab and hurried over to Cajun Crawfish. We arrived to find the place almost empty. We were sat and the waiter returned with our drinks. We ordered our usual and waited for about 15 minutes only to have the waiter return to our table to tell us they were out of corn on the cob....whaaaat?? ok ok ok...I can deal with that. But then we waited about another 30 minutes only to be confronted with the most flavorless crawfish and shrimp I have ever tasted in my life! Our potatoes come and they have no seasoning anywhere and are waaay undercooked. We sent the potatoes back to be cooked longer and they were still under cooked when the waiter brought them back. We ordered some steamed white rice and even that was horrible....how do you screw up rice? The sausage was undercooked, the crawfish was over cooked and lacked any flavor except spice. the shrimp was ok at best...a tad over cooked but still...ok. We tried to tell the female waitress about the potatoes and the rice only to find she doesn't speak English, so we were then stuck playing charades with the girl. After we were finished with our disaster of a dinner...we asked for wet naps. The lemon scented ones tend to cut the fishy smell out of your hands. Guess what?? No wet naps. \n\nWe agreed to call it quits for the evening and head back to the hotel. We asked the waiter to call a cab.....after asking every employee in the joint \"Do we have cab number?\" we decided to make use of the iphone once again and called our own cab. \n\nWe waited outside for our cab and noticed the sign for Cajun Crawfish stated \"Grand Opening\". Well, I don't know about \"grand\" but I guess the place is new. So here is my advice to the owners....shut down for a week and visit The Boiling Crab in LA area. Notice the flavor, the decor, the hospitable service, the flavor and the flavor or their food. Then come back to Vegas and regroup. There is no point in owning a below average establishment like this. When you have visitors that know what their food is supposed to taste like and visit your restaurant with certain expectations....they are just going to leave seriously unhappy and are going to tell all their friends about their piss poor experience. Not trying to be mean...but Cajun Crawfish is way under par. \n\nCajun Crawfish failed to deliver...in EVERY way possible. I will not go back and I will make sure that no one I care about makes the same mistake I did by going here. Waste of time, waste of money and there was a risk of food poisoning with the whole undercooked sausage thing. It's clear this place doesn't care about the quality of their food....looks like they are just happy enough to be open and have anyone walk through their doors. \n\n2 lb shrimp (1 mild and 1 medium) FAIL \n2 lb Crawfish (medium) FAIL \n12 practically raw potatoes FAIL \nno corn on the cob MAJOR FAIL \n24 undercooked sausage FAIL \n3 orders of slice bread GOOD \n2 order rice FAIL \n\nI would have been happier with Popeye's Chicken and Biscuits