I still remember the first time I learned of The PATH's existence. My mom throughout her career worked at various office buildings downtown, all connected through The PATH. There was a Christmas function at her work and employees' kids were invited (we got gifts from Santa, there were games, and I got to eat unlimited cookies; I had a grand time), so I got to see her workplace and she showed me The PATH. I was amazed at how there was this whole underground part of the city. It seemed like a maze to me, but my mom zipped around knowing exactly where she was going.\n\nWhen I got older and was able to venture out into the world unaccompanied, I made it my mission to familiarize myself with The PATH. As someone who hates the cold, and the heat, and rain and snow, and even too much sun (ideal weather conditions for me are 17 degrees Celsius, dry but partly overcast, ha!), The PATH keeps me away from the elements and keeps me comfortable.\n\nThere are so many businesses along The PATH and lots of food court places to eat, and many of them are quite good.  It's similar to the RESO Underground Path in Montreal, but much better in my opinion (sorry, Montrealers!).\n\nOnce upon a time, I knew The PATH so well. You could blindfold me, spin me around, and ask me how to get somewhere and I could point you in the correct direction and tell you how to get there, haha! Then I moved away from Toronto (sniffle, sniffle) and The PATH changed (especially around Scotia Plaza) and I'm pretty sure it also expanded (has the Bay Adelaide section been there for long? I feel that it's new...new being a relative term of course, like built within the last decade, haha) and many of the businesses that I used as landmarks have turned over, so now I actually get lost in there :(\n\nI still love it though. I think it's mostly meant as a place for the local office workers to get lunch and run some errands before or after work, or at lunchtime. I don't think it's meant as a tourist destination. I agree that it can be a bit confusing and better signage would be welcomed, but as someone who prefers the temperature controlled climate of the indoors, I love it :)