Causal and cozy. This small nook on the strip of businesses is worth a consideration or two (maybe three). Staff were polite, ensured we were pleased with our meals and that our beverages were replenished. The furnishing has that IKEA feel but comfort is what matters most. (I was surprised wooden chairs could be so comfy) \n\nNow, onto the food. \nAs the name implies, Li's Noodles; what their menu consist mainly are.....\n\nYUP! You've guessed it! NOODLES!! \n\nYou can explore into a nice bowl of Hong Kong Wonton noodle soup. Venture down south with Thailand's Pad Thai noodles. Scoot on over to Vietnam with their pho noodles. But, that's not all! Don't forget some Singapore noodles or Japan's ramen! Essentially, Li's Noodle brings the different variety of noodles across Asia into their little shop for all to enjoy. \n\nNot much of a noodle fanatic? Don't worry your pretty little head. Li's have you covered with the option of rice dishes. Katsu anyone? I selected Katsu over the tough choice between the Hong Kong Wonton soup (one of my favorite). I've tried a few Katsu around the area and this one has to been the cleanest. The panko isn't too tough where it feels like shards of glass piercing into the roof of your mouth. The vegetables are nicely done with no overwhelming addition of oil. I've enjoyed it. Nothing too mind blowing BUT if you want something outside of the usual greased up food. Then it's a nice option. \n\nSpeaking to the owner, she informed us her motivation with the restaurant. It's her attempt to stand out from the typical Americanized Chinese\/Asian restaurant. I applaud her. So, stating this....you won't find any typical Chinese menu options such as chicken wings, skewers, hot and sour soup, egg drop soup, General Tso chicken, sesame chicken....(you get my point right?) \n\nIf you want clean eating. Something to explore with. Give Li's a try. They have potentials if people allow them to expand. You don't have to be in love with them. If you want to keep an open mind and try the different types of noodles from Asia, then don't hesitate to stop by.