Let me preface this by saying I have been in the service industry for the better part of 20 years. I understand how restaurants work as far as service, reservations, repeat customers, etc. I was so extremely disappointed in this place. Here's my story: \n\nWhile looking for a centrally-located place for the fam to dine, we came across this pizza parlor and remembered seeing it on TV. On their website it states they take reservations for parties of 6 or more so I called to make a reservation. The gentleman that answered the phone took our name and phone number and then proceeded to let us know the rules: 1. They won't seat you until your entire party is there (not really understandable since they pushed tables together and could have easily separated them should our party not all show up) 2. They only hold the table for 10 minutes (kind of understandable since so many people flake out on reservations, but 10 min is a little short, especially if there's traffic) and 3. We had 1.5 hours to eat because another party was coming in. He asked if #3 was an ok time-frame. I said it was up to his kitchen and how fast they can pump out the food - they did good.  He said there was only one table in the restaurant that could sit 6 or more.  However, when we arrived they were pushing tables together on the patio to accommodate a party of 6 and they had another large party just in side the patio and we sat in a different location, so not sure how he thought there was only 1 table for large parties.  Plus each table is a 2-top and can be combined with x number of other tables to accommodate - there was plenty of room inside the restaurant.\n\nSo after hanging up I already felt like they didn't really want us there. Four of the six of us arrived a slight bit early.  We introduced ourselves as the reservation and they promptly corrected us by saying they don't make reservations, they just hold the table and our table would be given away at 6:10 if the entire party was not here. Right at 6pm we called the other two who informed us they were 3.6 miles away (according to their GPS) but they still wouldn't seat us. We explained they were only 7 min away, but they said it didn't matter and asked us to wait outside in 100 degree weather sweating our a$$e$ off. They never offered water or anything to drink. Just literally shuffled us out the door and proceeded to ignore us for the next ~7 minutes. Sign #2 they didn't really want us there. \n\nSince we were in 3 cars and not familiar with downtown Glendale, we decided to stick it out. The other two arrived and we were seated back by the bathrooms. Sign #3 they didn't really want us there. \n\nThe restaurant was not packed, nor did it get packed while we were there so I'm not sure why they couldn't seat us or even let us wait inside in the air conditioning. The ONLY reason this place rec'd 2 stars rather than the 1\/4 I would have preferred to give it is because of our server, Sandy. She was AMAZING! We wanted wine so she made some suggestions for both red and white. The table took her up on all that she suggested. She was polite, timely, funny, professional; she just rocked. She saved the dinner for all of us. Thank you Sandy! \n\nThe food was fairly good. We ordered the fried ravioli (REALLY good) and bruschetta as apps. The salads came next (ok to split with someone - they are fairly good size). Definitely ask for the dressing on the side. We couldn't eat half of ours because it was absolutely drowning in dressing. The pizza was pretty good. Be careful of the pies that have garlic on them - they are large pieces of garlic so you definitely want to make sure your date likes garlic too. ;-) \n\nWe won't be back nor would we recommend this place to friends. We will tell them our story and let them make up their own mind. And we will definitely have them call ahead to see if Sandy is working because she really did save the night.