Dr. Diem-Thuy Kahlon is a great PCP.  Her Medical Assistant is also very kind and helpful.  The lab technicians from Sonora Quest are very friendly.  The receptionists and administrative types at Dr. Kahlon's office are for the most part friendly and helpful.\n\nBUT most of the females who answer the phones at the Mesa central call center about appointments and such are rather arrogant and blasé.  They require a lot of information from YOU before they will answer the smallest question, which I'm sure is protocol -- but they don't have to act like they work for the CIA and you are a criminal when they are querying you.  \n\nOnce you are identified, they back off a bit, but I wouldn't say they then become gracious.  It's more of an attitude of \"Okay, so you're legit, now what do you want, and don't expect me to be very forthcoming with any answers.\"  Then, as you start to explain the reason for your call, you have to repeat yourself and explain what you are calling about a few times in a few different ways, because they really don't care enough to really listen the first time.  Then, once they grasp what you need, they seem to try to be as UNhelpful as possible and tell you things that are already obvious in order to make you feel stupid and which don't address your actual question.  \n\nOnce you realize you are wasting your time, or once you manage to obtain at least part of the info you were after, you want to disconnect as soon as practicable before their arrogance and sheer boredom with your call gets any more infuriating.  \n\nHowever, suddenly they want to keep you on the line while pretending to want to know if there is anything ELSE they can \"help\" you with.  At this point, many people will not want to seem ungrateful for their \"concern\" and will say no thank you.  At this point you just want to get on with your day, but they extend the torture by slowly saying \"Okay, well have a good day and let us know if there is anything else you need.\"  There is a passive aggressive tone of voice at this point enveloped in saccharine fakiness that they aren't even ashamed of displaying.  That is why I don't give them a chance; I just quickly say no to the first question and hang up, which is all they deserve.\n\nObviously no one is monitoring the phone calls for the true quality of customer service, or detecting their habitual passive aggressive games.  I am not saying these individuals are incompetent.  They are intelligent and practiced enough at this Mesa central call center to have developed these rude tactics, which they seem to get away with.  Maybe it is because they are physically removed from the doctors' practices and are somewhat anonymous that they feel they can get away with being rude while pretending to be helpful.