My girlfriend and I made a point of checking this place out for dinner a few days ago. Overall the experience was pretty very underwhelming.\n\nThe chalk board menus were pretty much impossible to read from where we were sitting, and without us even mentioning it our waiter awkwardly pointed out that we'd have to make due because he didn't have menus to give us. The waiter was friendly and nice but kind of awkward to talk to, and I felt bad that he had to basically read us the entire menu because we couldn't see it.\n\nAs for the food, it was largely a disappointment. The chips and guacamole were nice and fresh and tasty. We each got different tacos (pork, chicken, beef, and cheese) and none of them really impressed. I had the pork and cheese and both were so stacked with garnish and stuff that it was impossible to eat at first. My cheese taco also dripped out about a table spoon of liquid when I first picked it up, but the fancy Mexican cheese that's in it is pretty dope. My girlfriend's chicken was okay, but the beef was so soggy it fell apart after the first bite. She ended up just sending it back after an aborted second bite. She couldn't even use a knife and fork because there was paper under the taco that was so soggy it just ripped and mixed with the food.\n\nI thought the prices were pretty high for what you get, both for food and drinks. 5 dollars per taco is only worth it of they're good and don't drip a bunch of liquid or fall apart. My girlfriend said her margarita was amazing, but I was pretty bummed about my 6 dollar bottle of Dos X or whatever it was. Dos X is fine, but that was their cheapest option and it was in a bottle.  I would have gotten a pint but I couldn't see that section of the drinks menu so I didn't even realize they had pints until we were walking out.\n\nI don't know who's running this place but they need to pull their head out of their ass. Also, these people who attended a \"media party\" should actually sit down and try the place before giving it 5 stars. I feel like they did NOT eat at the same restaurant I did.