It's hard to rate the new Camelview theatre.  On the one hand, it's a beautiful theatre, so it's hard to rate less than 3 stars, but on the other hand, it doesn't offer much for the $14 ticket price in my eyes.\n\nFirst, adult ticket prices are always $14 or higher.  There are no matinee discounts, nor are there any child\/senior discounts for shows after 6 pm.  There is no in-seat ordering which doesn't really bother me, but I would expect it at this price.  There are no 21+ theatres.  The only thing deterring your sitting next to a crying baby is the ticket price.  The only parking is garage parking if your movie ends after mall closing, and that's just creepy at night.  I would be uncomfortable if I were alone, as I didn't see any increased security.  I was also confused upon entering the garage as to which way to go to park closest to the theatre entrance.\n\nIt's also strictly reserved seating which is both good and bad.  It negates the ability to decide spontaneously to see a movie as you could very well show up to a sold out movie.  If you want to ensure a decent seat, add on a convenience charge to buy your ticket online. \n\nSo what do you get for $14?  Some additional food\/beverage options.  They do have some LGO treats at the small cafe (which does not serve meals, only small plates) and a gelato bar.    And an uncomfortable recliner.  \n\nThe recliners are my biggest disappointment in fact.  Not only are they more uncomfortable than a traditional seat, but Harkins did not do the seating layout in pairs or quads.  Although you do naturally get more leg room and therefore, the auditoriums are smaller, it's a standard seating plan with shared armrests.  So instead of sitting next to a total stranger, you get to lie next to one.  YUCK!  \n\nWill I go again?  Probably, but only because it is the closest theater to me.  However, yesterday, we drove to Tempe because we decided to go last minute, and it wasn't worth the hassle (nor did we have the time) to go through the logistics of online ticketing and parking.