Update:  on the reply, Joe the manager was going to call me. Instead, I received a message from Petra. Called Petra but was connected to Kyra, the in-duty manager which is ok because Kyra was very nice. I spoke to her about the issues we were having and our on going disgust with the marijuana smell in the hallway, foyer and in our room. She was very apologetic and said she would send another security officer to investigate. Meanwhile, she offered to provide three passes to a lunch buffet at the neighboring casino hotel. I told her that was very nice of her but just wanted to finish our trip without any more issues. She said she would continue to work on making our trip much better and insisted we take the buffet passes on behalf of the resort. I thanked her for her consideration and for the resorts support for veterans. She offered and made herself available for us should we have any more concerns. \nLater, another security guard came up with an envelope. I opened the door and was hit by an overwhelming smell of pot.  I asked him if he could smell that odor and he confirmed he could and suspected it was coming from next door. He again explained the limitations they had with regard to the enforcement but would check later on. Thanked him for the envelope and quickly shit the door. Later kyra confirmed security guard followed up but didn't provide an update. \n\nWe went out that evening and when we returned, we again were hit with an overwhelming stench of pot. That was it!!\nI took those passes Lyra provided for the buffet and returned them to the on duty supervisor with a heated explanation of why I was returning them. He of course apologized and insisted I keep the passes. I told him I couldn't as the issue still hasn't been resolved. He offered to move us but I told him it was a choice of possibly getting another big infested room or smelling pot, I chose the pot as I can't take that home with me and infest my house. Security did come up but the issue is still unresolved as of today. Very disappointed in the efforts of the resort. We have one more day and night here. I hope I don't test positive on a urine test when I get back to work. Will provide a final update after checkout. \nChecked out of this place on 10\/7\/17. Never ever thought I would be glad to leave Las Vegas.  But, for a resort, this stay was one of the worst we've ever experienced; I would say it ranks in the top three of worst places, and we've stayed in several places throughout our travels. Also, I am sad to report the customer service response was truly disappointing. I understand the whole marijuana issue and how it's medicinal for people with health issues however, their rights should not infringe on others rights to have a clean odor free environment. \nFor the amount of money these rooms command, it's absolutely not worth it. You can find better accommodations elsewhere either on or off the strip.