On Tuesday, September 6, my partner arranged for my 70th birthday at piano piano. The total number of guests was eighteen. We had made the reservation about two weeks earlier. We were told because of the number of guests, there would be a limited menu which was understandable. Our reservation was for seven, and we arrived at 6:30. I had never been to Piano Piano but I was very impressed. I loved the decor which was happy and entertaining. Because of the size of our party we were allocated to the basement restaurant called Piccolo Piano. There we took up over half the restaurant.\n\nUpon arrival we were welcomed by the concierge who was friendly and professional. She escorted  us down to Piccolo Piano to show us the seating arrangement. All guests were either escorted or told the directions. While waiting for our guests our waitress, Natalie, who was simply great, sat down with us to determine what we would like the menu to be. There were 6 courses I believe. She explained each suggestion while trying to accommodate me being a vegetarian.  She managed to satisfy both a vegetarian and the meat eaters. She asked if any of the other guests had dietary restrictions such as gluten. She would have tried to satisfy them as well which is difficult as the meal was served at one long table and served in family style, like a Mennonite or Amish restaurant.  That style made the evening more social and helped the guests enjoy themselves even more. \n\nI won't go into what was served ( it's been a few days now and I cannot remember the name of the items). We did have salad, pizza, starters, pasta, meat, and dessert. We ordered  bottles of wine, individual glasses, and individual drinks.\n\nI have talked with some of the guests after the party and every single one had a great time and all of them loved the food. They went on and on about it. I loved all of the food as well, even though I am vegetarian.  They did a great job accommodating me.  \n\nThe owner came down 3 times to see if we were happy with the meal and service ( we were).\n\nOne comment though was that some of the dishes, while delicious , were too salty. Some people like salt, others have weaned themselves off of it. That is hard to please everyone on an item such as a pizza. \n\nAlso, while we were there, there was only one table with a family which also had children.  Piccolo Piano is meant for families ( the room has a little side room for children to play). That family left around 8pm. I asked if Tuesday was normally quiet Piccolo Piano and was told that it may be very busy or be like our night we had. I'm mentioning this because it's very possible to have a group of adults at a large party and also have a number of children next to you.  For  us, the stars were shining favorably. \n\nThanks Natalie for your excellent service and thanks Piano Piano for your environment and delicious food. One of our party decided to have his birthday there as well.