Great friendly service, pro work, however the place could use some work visually.\n\nI went here a couple of months ago to get my collar done. Like most tattoo places, ink gets done by appointment. Consultations depend on the type of tattoo you're getting, whether they do the consultation on the spot or if they have to book it separately. \n\nWhen I went in the first time, the place was booked, and busy. But since I was just getting words done, the lady was kind enough to give me a ballpark figure on how much it would cost and booked me in for an appointment. \n\nI came in on appointment day, and the guy was so busy and over booked that they had overlooked mine. He was really apologetic and nice about it though and I could tell he was having a hell of a day too. So it was rescheduled for the next day. \n\nNext day came, and I was first to get done. Now the place is located at Kensington Market, and not to give the place a stereotypical rep... well it had a Kensington Market feel to it, let's just say that. It was a nice enough day that the guy was able to stencil my piece out at the coffee patio next door. After a quick lunch for me it was ready to get inked.\n\nAnd yah.. the studio had a Kensington Market feel to it. Forget all the glam you see on TV. This place looked old, and probably was. The autoclave and the tools were clean and sterilized though, which is the standard you're looking for anyways. The place had an old shady look to it. It looked like a tattoo parlour dive. No AC, old floors and seats, peeling wall plaster...\n\nDespite that though, the experience was pleasant. I've gotten inked at a few places already by different artists. The guy, I think his name was Mike, had a good steady hand, and didn't go too strong on the gun. He was quiet too, which I liked. I don't like when the artists make conversation with you, just for the sake of conversation or because it was too quiet. He cracked a few jokes once in a while, but stayed focus on his work. Complimented me on my skin and how easy it was to ink, as most tattoo artists say to me. \n\nAt the end, got bandaged up, and price was negotiated. The ballpark was given in the beginning, but he actually knocked $20 off it. \n\nOverall great guy, pleasant experience. Good price. However, the place could use a bit of a reno.