With so many mexican and modern mexican restaurants in the valley, one wonders how a new addition to the fold can raise the bar.  I feel that Taberna does just that.  With chef Alex Padilla's modern spin on Mexican with central americal influences, food that is artfully prepared and plated, and flavors to entice and enhance, this is one destination for your tastebuds.\n\nThe cocktails and even non-alcoholic offerings are made fresh, and are a sweet way to begin the culinary fiesta.  The \"Sangria de Taberna\" was excellent, served with fresh fruit and just the right combination of wine, brandy, and juice.  All margaritas are hand crafted and feature freshly squeezed juices - a must for a decent margarita.  They have a tremendous assortment of non alcholic offerings as well - fresh pressed juices combined with spring water and simple syrup.  We sampled pineapple, lemon, and watermelon - and each came with a juicy slice of fruit.  These were delicious!\n\nAs we were here during lunch hour, the menu had a smaller selection, but did not sacrifice on flavor.  In an unconvential move by me, I ordered the Fajita Burger.  This burger was highly recommended by the server, and I am so happy that I sampled this delectable \"Torta.\" ( The spicy black beans with cortija were also an excellent side!)  A well seasoned and juicy skirt steak, with cheeses and peppers, doused in a garlic aoli, left beautiful memories in my mouth.  We also delighted in the Braised Chicken with Ranchera Sauce and Epazote Crema.  Chicken was also juicy and flavorful, the sauce and crema a delicious complement to the chicken.\n\nLunch menu offerings were \"Taberna Tacos,\" street style tacos with ingredients such as grilled fish or chicken and chorizo.  Enchiladas and grilled sandwhiches were also on the menu.\n\nAverage price for an entree at luch is $12, but the fresh ingredients and flavors are worth the price.\n\nFrom the blue tortilla chips and plantains served with their flavorful salsas, to the flavorful entrees, this is a must try for Mexican food enthusiasts.