I brought in an Echo TC-210 rototiller I had trouble starting. I dropped it off and after 2-3 days of no call from the store I inquired about my tiller. Ward's stated that the carburetor needed to be replaced and they had ordered a new Zama carb ($47.44). I let the person on the phone know that I had already replaced the carb with an aftermarket Huztl part (understandable that aftermarket might not work despite good reviews elsewhere) and said that I wanted to bring the old OEM Zama carb in to see if they could fix that. Ward's told me to bring down the original carb and they would have their tech test it out and see if they could get it working. They stated they would call me the next day and let me know. \n\nThey never returned my call the next day about the old carb and a few days later called me up and said they had fixed the tiller with the new Zama carb. When I picked up the tiller, I asked the person at the desk if they had tried to use the old OEM carb. He stated that they disassembled and sonic cleaned both the old OEM carb and the aftermarket carb but neither had worked. Upon inspecting the old OEM Zama carb I had provided, it was clear that it was not sonic cleaned or disassembled because it was still caked with the same dirt around the screws and body. The aftermarket part was so new that it was difficult to tell if they sonic cleaned or disassembled that. But the lack of tooling marks across the screws makes me inclined to believe they didn't disassemble that carb either. \n\nWhen I called back and told Ward's that they had not sonic cleaned or disassembled the old OEM Zama carb at all, he stated that they only tested the aftermarket carb: contrary to what the invoice note says and what I was told at pickup. Ward's was pretty dodgy and disinterested even after I stated that it was clear they had lied about troubleshooting the original OEM carb. \n\nOverall, I'm pretty frustrated with Ward's, they charged me a premium for a new carb which they never called me about before ordering, then lied about troubleshooting the original carb. I am confident that they didn't want to spend more than 5 minutes on the job and opted for the most profitable option right off the bat. Plus it took over 2 weeks to get the tiller fixed. It's not even about the price, it's the lack of transparency, disinterested customer service and lying.\n\nI was going to give 2 stars because at least the tiller works now, but when I saw the original carb wasn't even touched I was disappointed that I couldn't go lower than 1 star. Pictures of the carb that was \"sonic cleaned and disassembled\" are posted.