After reading about The Patio on Eater and seeing Chris V's picture on instagram, I knew I had to try this place. So my friends and I decided to come on a Tuesday night. We walked straight on in only to be told that they were closed. Apparently I had to look on Facebook and Instagram to see their correct hours -- I couldn't rely on Eater, I guess. \n\nFast forward, we decided to try again. We stopped by after the movies tonight. When we walked in, I immediately noticed that there were 4 dirty tables waiting to be cleaned. There were only two people behind the counter -- one was constantly preparing the items on the menu while the other one served\/cleaned. We stood there for a good 8-10 minutes before we were greeted. We were the ONLY ones standing there. When we finally got greeted, there was no apology and was told to wait a little before they could clean up a table for us. As she cleaned our table, she also served desserts to a few customers and took an order for someone else....a good multitasker, I suppose. \n\nI had originally wanted to try their hong kong waffles, a slice of their thai tea cake, and one of their puddings. However, it was late and they ran out of 2\/3rds of the things I wanted to try. For the cakes, they only make one batch so when it's gone, it's gone. In the end of it, we ordered one of their hong kong waffles with coco-peanut ice cream (they had only two types of ice cream left), buttered toast with tropical fruit custard, and matcha red bean cake. As for drinks, I decided to try their Chrysanthemum tea.\n\nTheir hong kong waffle, also known as eggettes, is done very well. It's probably one of the best ones I've had outside of Hong Kong. It was crispy and definitely not filled completely like many other places. It is not dense and bready, which is a plus. I just wish their batter was a little lighter. Their coco-peanut ice cream was really good. It was filled with peanut flavor but I couldn't really taste the coconut flavor. There was also little bits of peanuts in it, which was a little surprising. \n\nButter toast with tropical fruit custard was probably my least favorite. The toast itself was nice and fluffy. Butter was spread on it and then they splatter it with fruit flavored syrup. Except what I didn't understand was: how was that tropical fruit CUSTARD? It wasn't super sweet, which is great but I would still skip this item and most likely wouldn't order again. \n\nTheir matcha red bean cake was really fluffy. It had light flavors of the matcha and virtually no signs of red bean. So as someone who doesn't like red bean, that's great. On the side, they give you some berry syrup that goes with it ... except it doesn't really go with it on the flavor profile side of things. I really like the texture and quality of the cake. They keep their cakes at room temperature versus putting it in a fridge so it keeps the cake from hardening. But I don't like the flavor enough to order it again. \n\nThe presentation of the Chrysanthemum tea is both instagram and snapchat worthy. They have a beaker with the tea and a glass with ice cubes. Their ice cubes have flower petals in them so it is very pretty, giving hints of color. The tea has a light taste as Chrysanthemum should. They don't overly sweeten it and it is very refreshing. \n\nOverall, The Patio has promise. They use good quality ingredients and provide everything with a cute presentation. However, that could only get you so far. If your customers aren't patient, you will most likely lose them. Sure, The Patio is still new and are in desperate need of help but it doesn't take more than one person to acknowledge a customer. \n\nI would like to return to try the stuff that I originally wanted to try. I would probably have to come earlier in the day to try them. I just hope that by the time I go in for my second visit, there would be either more people working or a better sense of urgency to serve the customers.