About 3 years ago I gave Lula Lounge a petty 1 star because it truly deserved it after the service we received, getting food poisoning - among other things. I never thought that I would step foot back in this place. Actually, I may have muttered those words multiple times, however, I somehow was convinced to attend my friend's birthday party this year at Lula.\n\nI'm glad that I gave this place a second chance because it was LOVELY. It seemed that the staff was more knowledgeable and friendlier this time around. Our server (I wish I remembered his name) was just on top of his game. Everything from meal recommendations to drink suggestions and just being overly lively. It really boosted the mood. . I had the Spinach Salad, Fried Calamari and Dip Trio. I love how we were able to opt for 1 app, 1 entree and 1 dessert OR 3 apps and 1 dessert. It made it great for sharing and wanting to get your hands and sample the menu. The food was delicious.\n\nWhile we had dinner, a live Jazz band played in the background- they were great. Really added some energy for the dinner portion. Shortly after, the salsa lessons began. This is where I find things turn into a bit of a mess. Too many people in my opinion to follow 1 little woman at the front. Although she was vocal, energetic and obviously talented, perhaps having her up on a screen, an additional person or splitting the crowd in half would be more ideal. I have no idea how people in the back were able to see her. I didn't even bother joining and just sat as a bystander.\n\nAfter the salsa lessons (which I'm sure lasted maybe 30 + minutes - didn't really time the event) there were live dance performances by a dance group. I rather enjoyed that. It was a nice piece of entertainment to get the night going.\n\nThen towards the end of the night they had (no word of a life, a 12 piece or more) live band. They were AMAZING, phenomenal!!!. I would come back alone and pay cover just to listen to them. They had great energy, I actually felt as though I was on vacation and listening to a live band from the city. \n\nThe band played for about 45minutes (or more) again I had no sense of time but the night ended off with a DJ playing a great selection of music. Everything from reggaeton, to dancehall to kuduro and a mix of top 40. \n\nI will certainly give Lula another shot in the future. Either for dinner and the whole shazam OR just for the live band and dancing portion. What turns me off about places like this are the dramatic change from one night to the next. Although my experiences were years apart, it can still have some us feeling iffy and reliving the first horrible experience. I'm glad that Lula though made changes and overall improved their staff and food.