Not a Three Star as averaged by YELP\nWe are Westin owners at the Desert Willow in Palm Desert, CA. Because of our schedule last year we decided to deposit our time with Interval International. Our daughter was getting married in Las Vegas and we had to be there early in the week knowing we would be moving to the Mandalay Bay on Friday and Saturday nights.\nAfter checking several properties we opted for Club de Soleil based in part to the pictures attached to their website. What a mistake to base it on that. \nUpon arrival we realized the picture of the entrance and what we encountered was not at all like their picture. We walked into the registration office and found the grout on their tiles floors to be filthy black.  We also realized that the front desk person was also the concierge. She told us they served continental breakfast every morning but we would have to go across the street to their other units.\nWe had thoughts of unloading all of our stuff (boxes of things for the wedding) but waited to at least see where the room was.  \nWe walked to our room (two room unit on first floor next to Tennis court) and walked in.  Not to disparage Motel 6, as we've never stayed there, we were sure a Motel 6 would have better suited.  The furniture and furnishings were outdated. (Maybe what was depicted in the pictures is only in one of their rooms because surely it wasn't this room). My wife and I didn't even sit down. My wife opened the blinds to the patio door only to be looking at a \"carport\". My wife turned and stated, \"I'm not staying here\". We have stayed at older places, however they were at least quaint and very clean\" as compared to this Club de Soleil.  I immediately called the Westin and fortunately they were able to accommodate us.  As I was on the phone we received a call from the front desk that asked that we move our vehicle because it was blocking the drive, a drive as you see in the pictures seems grandiose. We left within 10 minutes after arriving and checked into the Westin. We called Club de Soleil and informed them we would not be staying at all.\nShortly thereafter I emailed Interval International to lodge my complaint and I also called them. I have to say the person whom I spoke to treated me very kindly. I was then transferred to a supervisor who first asked me if we were still at the resort. I commented, \"If that is what you want to call it, no\".  Fortunately we were given credit for our deposit and fee and our week was re-deposited to our account. Thank you Interval International. \nOur advice to anyone traveling and thinking of staying at Club de Soleil, \"DON'T\". \n\nTo drenzi, Manager at Club de Soleil who I see responds to all who submit a review, please rather than respond, fix the problem and do some updating of your property, hire a company that can get your property cleaned and really do something about it.