Some decent 'Que on my side of town!\n\nI'll admit, I had to check out this place after it was featured on \"Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives\" on the Food Network.  But without this tidbit, I might have never knew the place existed!\n\nFunniest thing about John Mull's is that it is basically located in the middle of residential homes.  Yes!  When you GPS the address you might think you're being led to the wrong place.  But keep truckin' because the BBQ joint is on property of what looks to be a ranch house.  John Mull's eating area shares the common space with what is essentially a butcher block.  Get a whole cow, some eggs, and then a meal of BBQ afterwards?  I don't see why not.\n\nWhile the market has been around for some time, my review basically goes over the BBQ station.  It used to be just a shack when they first started, lately I hear they have a small food truck type deal to serve folks as well.  They need the help, John Mull's can get busy for lunch!  Typically it's take-out, but they do have a small seating area with about a dozen bench tables or so.  If it's full, eat it out of your truck tailgate like most folks do!\n\nI am not an expert on BBQ by any means, but good food I can do.  Sure, you have your naysayers that go on and on and on about how their BBQ sauce is from a bottle (I can confirm I think it is), but really I don't care.  The meat itself is not artificially processed.  Trimmed in-house, and smoked in-house!  Flavor of the BBQ is what is necessary!  John Mull's makes some mighty decent 'Que.  Easiest thing on the menu to try if you're a noob to this place is just to go with a combo meal.  A 2 Meat Combo will run you about $14, and a 3 Meat Combo will run about $16.  When it's the wifey and I we usually opt for the 3 Meat Combo and share.  Be careful, it's a lot of food!  The 3 Meat Combo will easily feed a third person.  \n\nCombos come with your choice of meats and sides.  Meats include:\n\n-Hot Link\n-Brisket\n-Ribs\n-Pulled Pork\n-Pulled Chicken\n-1\/4 Chicken\n\nTheir strength lies in their ribs and brisket I think.  I like their pulled pork, but if I'm having their ribs (which I always do) I compliment it with the brisket.  The ribs are cooked just right, requisite pink ring around the outside, meat pulls off the bone (but not too easily), super moist and tender, finished on the grill with a slathering of BBQ sauce right before serving.  The brisket is flavorful, and just plain juicy, thanks to the lovely fat cap that surrounds each one before smoking.  OK, if you just say 'brisket' when you order your meat, you will most likely just get the lean end of the brisket.  Which is not dry, but not as near darn tasty as the fatty end.  So be specific on which part of brisket you want, lean or fat.  I will usually ask for a 1\/2 portion of both.  \n\nFor sides, Road Kill Grill has some options too:\n\n-Potato or Macaroni Salad\n-Coleslaw\n-Baked Beans\n-Mac & Cheese\n-Green Beans\n\nUnfortunately, no collard greens or black eyed peas!  But you can't have everything.  I will mention that the green beans are just mainly reheated from the can, so I mainly skip that.  The baked beans are very good, and their mac & cheese is actually pretty stellar.  I also enjoy their potato salad.\n\nCombos and meals come with slices of white bread if you request, but don't forget to ask!  It won't always come with it included.  Also, get some extra BBQ sauce!  I know the sauce may be bottled, but they let it simmer on the side most of the day, so the flavor does concentrate nicely.  The hot BBQ sauce has a nice kick so watch out.  Kaboom!  It's overall great eats, just don't forget extra napkins and extra wet wipes!  It will get messy.  Which one of you city people eat BBQ with a knife and fork?  That's what the white bread is for!\n\nAnother item I usually order when we eat at Road Kill Grill is a sandwich.  They load these suckers nicely so you get a nice portion of meat and sauce to bread.  Basically a meal in itself!  I enjoy the hot links sandwich in particular.  This with extra hot BBQ sauce on top, and a side of coleslaw?  Classic.  \n\nBBQ can be a very picky topic, so you will see tons of varying reviews on John Mull's Meats & Road Kill Grill.  This is because depending on what side of the country you are from, you have a different taste of what BBQ should be.  Some like tomato based, some like vinegar based, some like mustard based, and so forth and so forth.  Some folks like more smoke, some folks like less smoke, Hell, some folks like their BBQ baked in an oven instead.  But no matter what, we all like good food.  And I think Road Kill Grill overall has good food.\n\nGive them a try for yourself.  You might like, but then again you might NOT like.  Many reviews for this place are in the 3 or 4-star range, I tracked over to the 4-star area because I like it here.  In a place like Las Vegas it's difficult to find good 'Que that's not from a place like Famous Dave's or Memphis Championship BBQ.  Nuff' said.