I wanted to take my best friend out to Raku for her birthday but we couldn't get a reservation so we came to Yonaka. I'm glad we did because I've been wanting to try this place for a while. We decided to go with the Omakase (I mean it's her birthday, go hard or go home right? haha) which is 8 courses per person. We were both being really indecisive otherwise I think I would've ordered a la cart. A lot of the menu items they served (I noticed) were on their happy hour menu too so I felt like that was kind of fucked and we were a bit cheated. Usually the omakase includes more of their top of the line items. I wasn't very happy with the chef's choices, but I can't complain too much... some of it was really good.\n\n1. Brussels Sprouts - brussel sprouts, lemon chili, mint, puffed rice. Weirdly enough (because this is probably the least Japanese out of everything), this was one of my favorite dishes.\n\n2. Sake Orenji - salmon, orange, yuzu sauce and masago on top. Salmon was really nice and fresh. It was a great, light start to our meal.\n\n3. Hamachi Midori - yellowtail, cucumber, avocado, yucca, green herb dressing. I was not a fan of this one. The green herb dressing was too lemony and very overpowering.\n\n4. Sushi - 2 nigiris each of salmon and the mackerel. I was good the the mackerel, but why would the Chef choose salmon? You gave us a whole plate of salmon as a starter??\n\n5. Uni to Ikura - sea urchin, salmon roe, hokkaido sea scallops, shiitake mushroom, kabocha, yuzu. Easily my favorite because duh I love anything uni!!! This is not usually included in the omakase but I paid extra to have it subbed in for another dish. Same yuzu sauce as the sake orenji so I wasn't sure why they didn't sub it for that one..................\n\n6. Wagyu beef filet skewer - red miso, thai chimichurri. We were told we would get one of the skewers and I'm thinking we were gonna get foie gras. Nope. This was my least favorite and really basic.\n\n7. Meat candy - caramel glazed kurobuta pork belly...... SOOOO good, but so fatty! BUT again, soooo so so good!! I really enjoyed this dish.\n\n8. Dessert was not good. Some kind of fruity mousse? Weird taste\n\n*Comped birthday dessert with green tea everything was 5 stars for sure.\n\nDespite only loving 4 out of 8 dishes, their service and the overall enjoyable\/relaxing vibe is top notch. Our waitress was patient, informative, and understanding (I rushed her a lot because I was about to be late for my flight) -- she was awesome!