love.this.place.\n\nMy best friend and I stopped in for pedicures... we ended up getting manis (gel polish too!), pedis, and a couple of delicious drinks.\n\nOur first impression had me worried (no neon pink polish for summer), they carry mostly demure shades of pink, lavender, nude, a couple of berry polishes, but bright is definitely not their style. \n\nThe salon itself is gorgeous. The painted (sky-like) ceiling was very reminiscent of the Venetian in Las Vegas. About ten pedi-spa chairs line each side wall (this place is definitely high-volume) and maybe 10 rows of manicure stations (3 in each row) line the center. In the front is a fully stocked bar, small waiting and reception area, and a slim selection of polish colors (mostly OPI with a few essie polishes scattered in). \n\nUpon starting my pedicure I was directed to the drink list in the side pocket of my pedi-spa chair, they have a generous amount of drinks listed, various cocktails, martinis, beer, wine - whatever you're looking for. Our particular selections were a Pink Pear Martini (wonderful made with pear vodka, pineapple, and orange juices, with a splash of grenadine), a Blueberry Martini (cool looking but not that tasty), and the nail technician's suggestion - \"The Purple Drink\" (sprite and some purple vodka?) which tasted just like grape soda!\n\nThe second thing I noticed during the start of my pedicure was the plastic bagged nail tools they were using - seemingly fresh from the salon autoclave (that's what I'm hoping!). They even used disposable buffers and unlike some of the other salons I have visited this place seemed to have cleanliness down to a t.\n\nBecause I ask questions like it's my job I inquired how many nail technicians were employed here and was told on weekends up to 30 employees could be there at one time. I was amazed. Which means I also noted mid-week on a Wednesday was going to be our best bet at not being packed into this salon like sardines. I'm okay with that - just don't everyone get the same idea, please! \n\nThe Signature Spa Pedicure entitles you to a nice exfoliation of the botton of your feet with a cheese grater type (ew - but also great) tool and a nice buff with a pumice stone - it made my feet super smooth and touchable. It saved my tootsies from the ravaging they receive when I wear Old Navy flip flops as soon as the temp hits above 40... fantastic!\n\nThe two guys we had were hilarious - they made jokes, had some chatty conversations, and also just let me and my bestie gossip amongst ourselves - which is an important part of any girls' trip to the salon. Not to mention my technician survived through my barrage of, \"what's this, how do you guys do that, how much for this, what do you recommends.\"\n\nOur experience here ended with beautiful gel polish manicures. My cuticles perfectly attended to, my nails filed perfectly square, and the dark (Lincoln Park After Dark-like) shade applied wonderfully. My technician even threw in the disposable buffer for me to take home (and start my own salon of course - guess you had to be there...).\n\nI will recommend this salon to all my girlfriends and want to thank AV for showing me that there are options outside of usual mall nail shops! A+