I love this bead store. As a bridal jewelry designer I mostly get my beads online because I have a wholesale license.  Having said that, you have to buy a boatload online to get the best price.\n\n This place has saved my life a couple of times! I love the fact that Julie has it set up so you can buy just one or two beads if you need to. Sometimes while working on a piece I realize I'm 3 beads short! That is the most infuriating thing ever especially when you are in a time crunch. Sometimes you don't have the time to wait for 4-5 days for your order plus pay $6.00 or more for regular shipping for a tiny order. \n\n  So yes, Tommy S., she is going to be more expensive than say Michael's, who caters to mostly hobbyists and buys a bunch of cheap crap from China in huge volume. If you want QUALITY beads and beautiful unique findings this is the place to go. \n\n  FYI... Michael's and Joann's have also changed their silver components to silver plated from sterling AND raised the price! That really pissed me off so they will no longer be getting my business for emergency silver.  I would rather support a local business anyway, keeping the $ in AZ.\n\n  Julie has a huge selection of Swarovski Crystals that you can buy on the strand or separate, a gorgeous selection of sterling silver findings and Czech beads. She also has some delicas and lots of seed beads. She plays very beautiful cultural music and has the store arranged by color so it is always easy and quick for me to match something.\n\nJulie really cares about her customers. She even has a \"bead bar\" where she will help you with your design! While I was there a woman brought in a necklace that she bought in Sedona. She was not a beader but wanted to make earrings to match it. Julie walked her around the store picking out beads that would go with her necklace, then brought her back to the bead bar and helped her make the earrings right there. The woman was so happy!\nVery fun place to shop I love it!\n\nThey even have a room in the back where you can have beading birthday parties for your daughter and friends. Fabulous idea for a birthday party!