They are the BEST!   Last fall I adopted a puppy that had some health issues.  A vet at the regular vet practice I go to said she \"never saw so MANY worms in ONE specimen \"in her life.  She even called a new tech to in the back to view them under the microscope.  Yet they continued to order the standard Nemex as RX.  When they were not clearing up, Dr. Welch gave him ONE Drontal tab and his worm problem was immediately solved!  Next he presented with 2 bouts of severe hind leg pain and lameness-right hind leg first and it lasted 10 days.  Then a few weeks later same thing with the left hind leg-this was intermittent for almost 3 weeks.  Same other vet clinic insisted he just had a soft tissue injury but he was never out of my sight and I KNEW he could not have gotten hurt TWICE without me knowing it.  I went to a second vet who x-rayed and said he had \"bad hips.\" (A 5 month old SMALL mixed breed puppy.) In desperation I called Spay Neuter again and they referred me to a good orthopedic vet specialist who said he does NOT have hip issues-it is his spine.  He is probably mixed with Dachshund and has that built as well as crooked front legs making him more susceptible to spinal issues.  He is fine now.  \n\nBeing overly cautious  with him  I canceled his neuter surgery three times \n yet they have NOT banned me from their clinic-(yet!)  They also were very supportive of me a year ago when I reluctantly allowed a former co-worker to take her dog back when she finally got an apartment.  I had \"fostered ' him for her for a year and 8 months and I am the one who had all his vet work including neuter done.  I regretted and still DO, making that decision and it was a very emotional time.  They had done all of his vet work during that time and were supportive of me during the aftermath.\n\nI did foster and rescue for over 2 decades before  I developed my health problems and I have worked with other spay neuter clinics .  In my opinion, Spay Neuter Charlotte (NoDa) goes above and beyond in trying to assist pet owners , often on limited incomes, optimal cost containing care for their pets!  ( And he WILL be neutered very shortly!)