So here is a little backstory on why I rated this place 4 stars. Not the 1 star I had intended earlier that evening.\nThe boyfriend and I stopped in vegas for my 21st birthday. We are walking along the strip, Fat Tuesday in hand when a literal blanket of rain came out of nowhere. We were drenched in seconds. By the time we could get in the closest building, we were dripping (it looked like we jumped in a pool with our clothes on) wet. So we decided to hangout and shop around the hotel shops for a few minutes until the rain stopped. We eventually stumbled upon the pearl factory and I gasped with sheer delight. I did the whole pearl in the oyster in Seaworld when I was a child and got a MF BLACK PEARL I was so happy. But my dearest mother left it in the hotel after we left and it was never seen again, I was heartbroken.\nSo when tipsy me saw this place I wanted so badly to see if my pearl luck still ran thick. When We approached the counter(Still dripping wet from the rain) we were met with dirty looks from the saleswomen(there were 4 behind the counter only one was helping someone) Nobody said a word to us. They teated us like complete trash. I wasn't even about to wave any of them over, you could cut that awkward hate tension with a knife. After standing at the counter for a good ten minutes waiting to even be greeted, tipsy me blurted quite loudly that I would find another place that wanted my money and walked away.\n\nHere is what saved them. A few hours later I was much more tipsy and borderline drunk(21st birthday ¯\\_(ツ)_\/¯) I wanted to see if the same thing would happen when we walked by again, if it did I was going to ask for every god damned manager this place had. But I was pleasantly surprised. There was a completely different woman behind the counter, she was welcoming and kind. She did the whole Aloha ceremony and it was like being a kid all over again. She dug out a HUGE cream pearl, like the size of the tip of my pinky. I immediately knew Id put it in the center of a pearl necklace I own. She understood and didn't try to sell me anything more at that point. She was wonderful. I wish I had gotten her name as I give 'Atta boys\/girls' frequently. I was blown away at her service.\n\nI will be back here next time!