My experience has only gotten a million times WORSE since I wrote the last post. After finally coming out of pocket to have the place cleaned properly, paying to replace specialty light bulbs and buying linens to fit the beds that weren't disgusting - they told me the owner wanted to put my unit up for sale and gave me 2 days to move out (I'm sorry, but that's REALLY ILLEGAL). Somewhere around this same time - these SHADY people also moved their business office and emailed me the wrong address. In my opinion, it was an attempt to get me to send a rent check late so they could charge a fee - but in reality, it was probably to change their business name because they're crooks. \n\nSo, against my better judgement and because I'm a working professional who had already spent countless hours trying to get what was promised to me months and months prior - I said I would move to another unit to help out the owner. The unit I moved into had holes in the walls, smelled terrible, wasn't clean, there was no power to the TV, there are springs sticking out of the sofa, the fireplace doesn't work, the curtains are nasty and don't reach the ground, the \"king sized bed\" was a queen bed that someone nailed 2x4s to and threw a bed skirt over. It had no towels or pots and pans (which were all promised and never delivered). When I think of a luxury unit that I pay $1850 per month for - clearly thats not what this is (to anyone with any taste that is). These people have zero taste and are complete LIARS. \n\nI gave a 30 day notice on October 28th. My job in Vegas has ended and I will be moving on November 26th (one day shy of the 30 day notice. They've notified me saying I owe them another month rent, that they don't have notice, that they \"painted the apartment with my intent of staying longer. it's completely absurd. Unfortunayly, it's beyond time to take legal action and I'm kicking myself that I EVER did business with these people. \n\nThere are a ton of good brokers and managers here. Don't be sucked in by these CROOKS. If I could give them a negative rating - I would. 1 star is too high. CROOKS!!!!!!