Hadn't been to this AMC or any in quite a while.  Was looking forward to my visit, which was encouraged only because of a one direction movie.  Only certain theaters and locations had this movie and anyone with a tween understands \"the need\" to see this movie.\n\nSo...I suppose I have been spoiled by Harkins.  Guess what, popcorn and sodas dont cost an arm and a let at Harkins and I now remember why I dont go to AMC.  If you have the loyalty cup drinks are only 1.50 at Harkins and popcorn is basically free after you purchase the tshirt....which is $20 bucks and lasts a year.  While at AMC, I purchased 2 soft pretzels and 2 drinks and it cost $25.- and the pretzels was stale and burnt. I also noticed on the menu a deal for chicken nuggets, fries and a drink= $18.50 .   CRAZY   this might all be normal or average but I prefer my 1.50 (2.50 if I upgrade to the refillable popcorn) snack bar bill.\n\nOk enough about the food :)   \n\nWhile in the theater, keep in mind this was a One Direction Concert Movie, the audience was all young screaming girls (and assorted moms-along for the ride).    During the movie, which was basically a concert on film, a particular song played that typically calls for everyone getting their phones out -flashlight mode and the sway above the head thing...you know- just like at concerts.  I was beyond SHOCKED when  and employee came and told anyone (basically everyone) that had their phone out to put them away or they would be kicked out of the theater.  I was with 4 tweens and they were actually scared by the threat.  EVERYONE was doing this and it in no way ruined the movie experience.  A fellow mom I was with went to management and she was told that only people who were filming the movie were told to put them away....ummmm not true.  I saw my group of tweens being told and not one of them was filming the movie.  \n\nI guess I would say to AMC, I get it- normally, but in this circumstance- really??  \n\nTickets for this limited engagement cost me $34 plus the $25 for food.....  \n\nI am pretty sure this is the first one star review I have written :(