First time here and have been waiting to try this place for a while. Yelp reviews have kind of scared me with the wait so decided to eat an early brunch to make it to an early buffet dinner to avoid a long wait. Got here at 5pm and only waited about 10 minutes before being seated. Finally get to see what the hype is about!!\n\nWe actually got a deal to eat here 2 adults for $37. My kids are both under the age limit so they were free. Since it's such a good deal..decided to make our way out here to try this place. Our host actually walked us past most of the food before being seated. I really liked the fact that this particular buffet had chinese food since my kids are SUPER picky. My oldest lovessss xiao long baos and thats what she mainly ate. She got a bit of fries, a bit of sushi and a bit of chicken but mainly had dumplings and lots of xiao long baos since those are her favorites. My youngest daughter...on the other hand is the picky one. I saw they had chow mein so I got her some noodles...they turned out to be a bit spicy. My husband suggested getting fried rice...so after walking over to get fried rice..I noticed they had a noodle station where they make pho, laksa, ramen and I cant recall what the fourth option was but they make it fresh to order for you. My daughter loves pho so i got her a small bowl of that and that was history. My kids aren't big on seafoods and meats so those options for them were enough for them.\n\nMy husband and I don't eat much to begin with so the deal for us was a good price since we normally don't eat more then a plate. I know ... I love food but I just cant sit there and eat till I drop!! The lamb was really good but that was probably the only other type of food that stuck out out of everything that was offered. Many of the other options (minus the pho and xiao long baos of course) could be found at paris buffets so I wasn't so pleased with different options at the buffet. Overall the food was really good so I can't complain too much. \n\nMy kids LOVED the dessert table. They liked how they were able to get a cup of gummie bears each, got a few lollipops and got chip pieces of chocolate with a plate of kisses lol. Chocolate heaven for them and lets not forget they also got a few chocolate covered strawberries to add to their chocolate galore lol. I wish their thai tea boba float came in a larger size. I had to go back for it a few times since the portion was so small. I also liked a few of their desserts I thought was different from other buffets like the pandan soba dessert and the jasmine pudding. Not all of it was good but i had enough to be pretty full leaving. I honestly wouldn't pay $50 a person and the deal we got was pretty good for the both of us. If I were to get that amazing price again I would definitely come back. Mainly because I don't eat enough to make it worth $50 a person. \n\nYelp Review 2017 Challenge 44\/100