My wife and I decided we would try the new place out since we were considering it for our daughters Graduation dinner with about 20 family and friends.  We were happy that when we arrived, the atmosphere was very nice and there was no wait for us to be seated.  The menu was nice and uncomplicated, which is nice to see in a time when places try and have so many pages it makes choices very hard.\n\nWe were promptly greeted by our server, a drink order and appetizer order was placed, but then we waited. Granted, this was a new place only opened for less than one full week, but the lady who was our server we recognized from other establishments in the Mentor area, so she is familiar with serving customers.  We never were brought any bread to our table and we thought it just wasn't offered, but when we left we did see just about every other table was given bread. \n\nOur appetizer (French Onion soup) was brought, and it was very good.  The price I thought was a bit high for the area, but it was very flavorful.  We placed our main course orders, and then about 10 minutes later someone came by to tell us that they were all out of baked potatoes.  Since we ordered steak, we didn't find anything else that we wanted with our steak, so basically all we received was a steak for our main course.  \n\nA few minutes went by and the salads were brought out.  My wife ordered a tossed salad, and I had ordered the Blue Cheese Wedge salad.  The salads were very good, but it would be helpful if a butter knife were on the table for the salads.  I had to use the steak knife on the table for my wedge salad, and when it was taken away, the steak knife was taken also and I had to wait for some time when my steak was brought to ask for a new knife.\n\nThe steaks were cooked perfect for us but they had absolutely no flavor or seasonings on them.  They were also a bit tough and fatty.  Not something I was expecting for a place who calls themselves a steakhouse.  Also, with my wife's Grilled Fillet Medallions, we were told that it was Fillet medallions were of the same cut of beef that Fillet Mignon is from, but this most certainly was not... it was more of a sirloin cut and was quite tough and fatty which is not the norm for beef fillet.  In addition, no place on the menu does it say that the medallions are server over rice pilaf.  Not something that we were pleased with.\n\nThe service was also quite bothersome.  Our waitress (and others) was at our table about every 5 minutes just chatting... not asking if there was anything we needed.  We could hardly get a word in edgewise, enjoy our meal, or have a conversation between my wife and myself.\n\nAt the end of the mean, when we received our bill, we were quite upset that nothing was deducted off the entrée price because of the running out of potatoes, and all the prices seemed a bit high for what you get.  Bottom line, I doubt we will be back anytime soon.  There are many other mid ranged steak houses in the area that have far better service and quality, and I wonder how long this place will last in our area.