We weren't given a receipt or our cups. The cashier, who was clearly new, did bring us our cups after we were seated. I waited by the register because I needed a water cup, so I happened to be there when our order came up. I noticed one of my cheeseburgers was missing, so I looked at the receipt, which was on the tray with our food. The cashier rang up both of our meals as individual items, shorting me a cheeseburger and charging us $.48 more. After avoiding my gaze for some time, the cashier finally asked if there was a problem. I explained it to her, and she grabbed the manager because she didn't understand what I was saying. The manager immediately understood, and said she would fix it. She very patronizingly explained that the cashier was new, which was insulting to both me and the cashier, and then proceeded to put in an order for my second cheeseburger. I said that we were overcharged because of the items being rung in individually. The manager told me she had it and walked away. I told the cashier that we were overcharged. The manager interrupted and told me she had it, and she put my second cheeseburger on the tray and walked away. I yelled after her that we were overcharged, and she ignored me. The cashier, who clearly had no idea what was going on, looked like a deer in headlights, so I just walked off in a huff. The cashier messed up another order, and when the manager came up to help, she told the cashier, \"You have to listen to old people.\" I kid you not. Then I needed a refill, and both the cashier and the manager ignored me for several minutes, at which time an employee came back from break and politely assisted me. Add to this no air conditioning in the play area (it's 108° outside!), and I am done with this location. I have never had a good experience here. The employees are usually rude, the service is usually slow, and the food is usually bad, as it was today. The only reason we ever come to this location is because it is near my husband's work. No more.