I unfortunately can't speak to the pub tour itself, since it never happened.  \n\nHere's what I can say:  I originally booked a private tour for a party, but we ended up only having 6 people in the party.  This was not enough for a private tour, so I contacted Trolley Pub Madison a week or two in advance to cancel the private tour and purchase 6 mixer tickets.  This portion of the transaction worked seamlessly and I was told on 5\/21\/15 that this was perfect because there was already a group of 4 signed up for a mixer and their trip would be cancelled unless more people signed up.  It seemed like a win-win for everyone.  We were all set to go and received confirmation the day before the trip that the tour would go on as scheduled.  \n\n3 1\/2 hours before the tour, I received a voicemail letting me know that the tour was cancelled.  When I immediately contacted Trolly Pub Madison, I was informed that not enough people signed up, so the tour was cancelled.  I did receive a full refund.  I inquired about the group of 4 that was previously signed up; had they backed out? I was told that there never was a group of 4 signed up, despite having seen the group of 4 signed up when I booked the mixer tickets and being told by this same person days earlier that they were signed up.  I also asked how many people needed to be signed up for the tour to not be cancelled.  I was told it was a minimum of 10, despite their website saying it was 7.    \n\nAs a last ditch effort to make this tour happen, I asked if I could scrounge up a few people to add to the party.  I was told \"no\", that they needed 48 hours notice to add people.  I thought this was rather odd, considering the tour was already booked, Trolley Pub was presumably losing business on this, and I had only just been told of the cancellation (why wouldn't I get the same 48 hours notice if they've known for 48 hours that they could not add people?)  \n\nThis whole scenario just didn't seem to add up to me and honestly seems a little shady in retrospect.  I was disappointed that we didn't get to go on the tour and received such short notice and mixed messages from this company.