Let me tell you about the worst brunch experience I've had in my life...\nI decided to come to Made LV because I love the ambiance of Tivoli Village and I hadn't been yet. I saw they had moderately priced food and $20 endless mimosas so I was sold and decided to venture over this Sunday.\nI arrived with a friend and my fiancé, my friend and I decided on the endless mimosas and my fiancé got a single Bloody Mary. Our server, Edward, told us they ran out of Bloody mix and could not accommodate his order. This obviously wasn't the servers fault so we shrugged it off and he brought us our mimosas. \nI ordered the breakfast tacos mostly because there was chorizo, the spice and texture would have gone well with the egg and toppings except for the fact they no longer had chorizo. Instead they were putting some sort of thick cut \"bacon\" in it which I regrettably said was fine, and placed my order.\nMy friend and I finish our mimosas and we're told that they ran out of champagne and had to order either the endless shandy or mojitos, which aren't even close to being brunch drinks. At this point I was fed up. The server could have told us when we ordered the endless mimosas that the champagne was running low and offered us an alternative, but no Edward just decided not to tell us. This again wasn't his fault that it ran out, it's managements fault. What type of management screws up on inventory so badly they run out of ingredients to make Bloody's and Mimosas at 1 p.m on a SUNDAY during brunch when they offer BOTTOMLESS??? Absolutely unacceptable.\nMy friend and I switch to bottomless Mojitos since we had to get bottomless SOMETHING, and the mojitos weren't bad, I just don't come to brunch for Mojitos. Then the food was brought out. My tacos were the most depressing dish I've had in recent memory. The tacos themselves were overloaded for the small corn tortillas provided. The eggs were bland and watery, the \"bacon\" on top tasted like diced ham but had all the fat of bacon, but since it was thick it was chewy and unpleasant to eat. I only ate one taco out of the three it was that bad. There was really no flavor to them at all.\nEvery time we wanted another mojito we had to ASK for it, which kind of takes away the point of having something bottomless if we continually have to ask for refills. Once we finished our last mojito it took about twenty minutes for our server to even get us the bill and pay for our meal. While we were waiting for our server to ask us if we needed the bill, as if our empty drinks and cleared plates weren't enough of an indication, we looked over and saw him lying with his head on the bar. Our server, Edward, was taking a nap instead of taking our credit cards. If I had no moral compass I would have walked out without paying. \nThe restaurant was empty except for two other tables, there was no excuse for it to take our server that long to get us our bill, or for us to have to ask for refills on our \"bottomless\" drinks. The food was bad and the service was worse. AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE, it's not worth your time or money.