Cuban food in Toronto.  At one time all I ever knew of it was only at Julie's on Dovercourt.  Besides La Cubana having 2 locations this is the only one I've actually been to.  I could be wrong but years ago there was a cafe where I discovered Key Lime tarts made by Dufflet's and it was in the area of Roncy and Marmaduke.  Could this actually have been the place?\n\nMy first impression of the decor for La Cubana was wow this place feels like a restaurant themed after the video game \"Fallout 4\".  If not the feel of an underground living space it sort of reminds me of a hospital with that particular shade of green tile.\n\nBesides how the place looks I can look to the menu which is for the most part very simple with a somewhat diverse choice of small plates, dinners, sandwiches and sides but enough to make up a good meal among the 3 of us that went there that day.\n\nWe started with an order of cod croquetas.  They seemed a bit mushy than the croquetas I'm used to eating but they were still ok.  For our mains my wife and my friend had asked for the Cuban sandwiches and a side of tostones and they shared rice and beans.  I had asked for the Cuban burger which was a burger made with ground chorizo instead of beef with a side of fries.  \n\nThe burger was good but it seemed a little dry considering this burger is made of sausage.  There was a bit of some sort of white sauce on it (mayo?) but not very much and although I was offered ketchup for the fries I'm surprised there's no other offering of sauce or something for the burger.  Still it tasted good and the veggies on it were fresh.  \n\nThe Cuban sandwich was not up to my standard sadly.  While the sandwiches were ok they are probably the furthest things you can do to use the ingredients needed in a Cuban sandwich (sort of) without actually doing it the way it should be made.  The basic ingredients are simple:  pork 2 ways (roast pork, ham), Swiss cheese, pickles, mustard on Cuban bread which is also known as \"torta\".  Every \"proper\" Cuban sandwich I've ever had is made on a thinner but crusty long bun, pressed, so that the outside is toasted to the point if I bite into it the bread is to the point of almost being \"cracker like\".  The point is the torta is thin by being pressed and the inside of the sandwich either surpasses the thickness of the bread (both top and bottom combined).  In both cases this sandwich failed that.  The amount of \"insides\" wasn't really generous as the slices of meat were very thin.  The next thing is that the bread was NOT a bun or torta but rather sliced toasted and pressed.  I don't know if they toasted the bread first and pressed it or toasted it by pressing it but the toasted sliced bread was TOO toasted and it was like sandpaper to the roof of my mouth.  Pressed bread isn't always necessarily fully toasted bread.\n\nFor dessert we each ordered the Key lime pie and both my wife and friend ordered cafe con leches.  The pie arrived in a jar and had the consistency of pudding.  Again, I've had my fair share of KL pie and this ain't it.  The coffee wasn't done properly either.  I tried it and my wife was shaking her head.  She knows her coffee and I tasted it and it didn't seem right.  Cafe con leche is supposed to be sweeter.  This seemed to just be a latte.\n\nThe service was attentive in a sense that while we didn't exclusively have the same person looking after us the entire time it seemed like everybody that came to our table was doing something different.  One took our orders, another brought us our food, another checked up on us and another brought us full bottles of water.\n\nOnly probably towards the end did I feel rushed to leave.  It probably had to do with the speed at which my plate was removed before I had a chance to eat the rest of my friend's sandwich and realizing by taking her plate I didn't have a napkin or cutlery anymore to eat the rest of the rice and beans.  We had asked for a container for the rest of the tostones but I didn't get to try nor take home the rest of the rice and beans which was about half the small plate.  There wasn't much but I wasn't asked if I wanted to take it as well... again, that hurried feeling.  \n\nI turned around to look at the entrance to see if there were people waiting, there were.  Perhaps they really wanted us to leave so others could be seated.  I get that, I do but I don't like to be rushed as it's not a good feeling.  I wasn't the only one that felt that way in my party.\n\nLa Cubana is just OK but they're not great IMO.  As far as the food goes I've never been to Cuba but I've been to the other Cuba (Miami) and I go there pretty often.  Of all the places in the US I've ever been I've probably been to Pittsburgh the most number of times but I've spent the most time (days and nights) in Florida hands down.  I know my Cuban food pretty well because of that and I'm talking from street cafes to proper sit down places and in the scale of things La Cubana is just mediocre in that respect.