This salon is a great option if you want to pay for the ambiance and major incompetence! If I had the option to give 0 stars, I would. Here is my saga of disappointment... my first lack luster experience occurred when my technician told me that it would be faster to lift off my SNS application with a nail tip, rather than soaking it the proper way (OUCH!) Tony, the owner, then took over and finished after I made it very clear that I would not be sitting through that torture. I should've cut my losses there and never gone back but the location was so convenient I kept going back, HUGE MISTAKE. Two weeks ago, I decided to remove my SNS enhancement only to discover that fungus had grown under... my nail is now completely GREEN. I had to go to the doctor to get rx. Tony's only comment was that the fungus could've been from many things, of course not from their piss poor sterilization practices. I have called and left messages that have  not been replied. My next step will be to contact the Board of Cosmetic Art in hopes that they will help rectify this terrible situation. Hopefully this melodramatic novel will, in all seriousness, urge you to avoid this place at all costs. Not worth the money!!!\n\nUpdate: The salon's advice was to practice better hygiene (k thx, not a barbaric savage) and that the fungus was growing for over two weeks (duh)...When it first developed TONY stated that if it was bacteria it would've been removed by the drill and that it was maybe a bruise... I foolishly believed his \"sanitation\" advice. AGAIN. AVOID AVOID AVOID. Also, management has edited their comment 3x since the first post. I have screenshotted each one :) Mind you my requests to have this settled less publicly were gone unanswered. -- It is completely accurate that I only created a Yelp to do this review bc I wanted to warn other patrons and help avoid the same woes that I have experienced. Good job with that investigation, wish you would've vested that much energy in my nails :( Furthermore, this isn't an attack it's an actual real life TRAGIC account of what happened to my nails and how you chose to poorly handle it. I tried to call you guys, visited the salon, etc. this is the only way I got your attention!! I hope in the future you learn from this and give your customers the time and consideration they deserve. And stop having your coworkers post things on yelp that delude from real life experiences!