I love how all of these east coast classics are making their way to Las Vegas! I guess that is the one perk about living in a city that is just one big tourist destination.\n\nWhite Castle made its debut a few months ago in Casino Royale, a hotel that is smashed between the Venetian and Harrah's. White Castle is really easy to find since their have their own entrance from the street. I have read the reviews about the long lines, so I waited out the hype and my first visit was last week. I was there around 4pm on a Sunday and the line was not too bad-- I would say tops, 15 minutes. \n\nWe ordered four cheese sliders, a double slider, loaded fries, regular fries, cheese sticks, and drinks. The person took our order asked where we were visiting from and when replied that we lived here she offered us a 10% local discount. Sweet! You wait for your number to be called at the end of the counter. The food came out in about 5 minutes. \n\nCheese Sliders-- They are pretty tiny, seeing how the meat in the burger is about the thickness of about 10 post it notes stacked on top of each other. But hey, they were still pretty tasty. I like the squishy buns. Ha, that sounds really weird.\n\nFries-- Crinkle fries are better than any other fries in the whole entire world. So, I like!\n\nLoaded Fries-- Meh, could skip on these. The bacon and cheese toppings were not that special.\n\nCheese Sticks-- I think these things could be good if there was better marinara sauce. The sauce comes in one of those sauce tubs that do not require refrigeration. It has a weird after taste. \n\nAfter reading all of the mixed reviews, I have to say that my visit was better than expected. A lot of people are saying that it is not like how it is on the east coast, but that's how it usually goes. The original is always better. Don't even get me started on Shake Shack LV. All of our mini sliders & fries came out to be around $20-- but that was expected, since this is the strip. The next time I want to try the cheesecake on a stick or the chicken sliders. I think I saw a sign that said that they also have a breakfast menu.\n\nOh yeah, White Castle is open 24\/7 to satisfy your after party munchies.