As I was meandering around the Food City plaza parking lot I noticed a sign that said Crab Zone Get Dirty now open....yeah, I was thinking the same thing you probably are right now: this place will either be a dirty dive or a hidden gem.\n\nWhile sitting in my car contemplating my next move, I looked through the restaurant windows and noticed the 6 diners inside looked happy enough chowing down on their meals. So, I chanced it! The restaurant was definitely having a slow night as it looked as if it could hold upwards of 60+ people. \n\nFirst impression: The ceilings are sooooo high you'd think the environment would seem cold, but it didn't. They have a large accent wall painted bright red and there are at least 6 large screen tvs playing. It's bright and inviting.\n\nFood: I decided on a to go order of *12* scallops with spicy level 2 fajita seasoning and an order of sweet potato fries. All of my food was  verrrrrrrryyy tasty (even the soggy buttered and grilled bread) and I would definitely order the same thing in the future. Buuuuuut....\n\n....my biggest concern was when I arrived home to enjoy my meal I noticed 2 of my 12 scallops were missing!!! (Alert, alert!!!...danger Will Robinson!!! If you are of a certain age you will know what show I'm referencing ;)\n\nSo, I immediately called the restaurant and asked them \"What gives? Where's the rest of my food?\" From what I could hear in the background and what I was told, the person that cooked up my food KNOWINGLY shorted me but decided not to tell me before I left the restaurant. What??? Who does that? Did you think I wouldn't count the scallops before I ate them? The prices are not so low that I'd overlook something like THAAAT......smh. For some reason it appears they thought the taste of the food should help me overlook them shorting me. I don't think so.\n\nThe offer was extended to give me 14 scallops the next time I come in to order something. I think it very arrogant of them to think I would be ok in the 1st place with not receiving a full meal.\n\nAnyway, for today's score I am going with a 3 due to staff being friendly and tasty food. I would've given a solid 4 if I didn't feel like I was being yanked around after I got home. I will update review if it seems to me business practices have improved.