Fantastic. End of review.\n\nJK, You know I can't just do that, I have far too many words and things to say about this place to leave it just at a 5-star one-word review. Heck no! I'm honestly not sure how this place is averaging a 3-star, everything about Oretta was top-shelf and all class.\n\nMy feeling is that it got a lot of press and hype when it first opened in other Toronto publications and sometimes it's hard to live up to the hype when you're just ramping up, but having been established for about a year now, I can say that my experience at Oretta this past Friday for my Anniversary was flawless.\n\nFrom the moment I made my reservations online the service was exceptional. I made a special request with the online reso letting them know it was a special occasion and that I was looking for the best table available AND to have some bubbly waiting at our table as soon as we arrived. Within minutes of submitting my request, I got an email congratulating me on the special occasion and asking me what kind of bottle or glasses of bubbles I would like. \n\nWe arrived on Friday @ 7 pm and the restaurant had yet to get busy (likely due to weather). The hostesses were smiling coyly once they looked up our reso because they knew I had made the little romantic inquiry and were super happy to have us celebrate - thankfully they didn't give it away. We were given an amazing corner booth on the main floor next to the window but overlooking the entire space. It was really special and then our server came (Adriano I believe) shortly with two tall glasses of champagne.\n\nTo begin we ordered their bruschetta and their fried artichokes to share. The bruschetta was done with sliced cherry tomatoes that were sweet and didn't have that strong \"tomato\" taste that sometimes makes me gag a little - they were amazing. We're usually fried calamari people but when we saw the artichokes we went for it. OMG, the truffle infused aioli for dipping was pure evil it was so good. This would not be the last we saw of truffles that night.\n\nMoving into our mains we ordered a couple glasses of their Chianti to go along with our pasta mains. She had the freshly made ricotta stuffed ravioli (which were massive) served in a brown butter sauce and topped with a large slice of black truffle on each ravioli - wow! I went with the evening's pasta special which was a house made parpadella pasta served with a lamb ragu (and to give a little hat tip to the traditional way of serving lamb there was a faint hint of mint amongst the dish). WOW... WOW... WOW.... WOW..........(wow)! To quote Will Ferrel's impersonation of James Lipton 'If I were going to make up a word for this dish it would be Scrumtrulescent\". That about sums it up.\n\nFinally, we came to dessert. A pair of speciality coffees were the perfect accompaniment for the chocolate\/hazelnut Zeppole and the fresh tasting Tiramisu. I'm not usually a dessert person but that Zeppole, man, what an end to a spectacular meal.\n\nI don't commonly say this but I wish I could give Oretta 6 stars, they made the evening special, the meal fantastic and were reasonably priced for all that we ate and drank, pre-tip the bill was $166 (that's for two apps, two champagnes, two wines, two mains, two coffees, and two desserts). All that in a gorgeous modern venue!\n\nEatcrest Out