While you will initially be drawn to the moderate prices and location right by Planet Hollywood, you will quickly regret that decision.  Not only is their no restaurant in this hotel (they have a pool bar that can microwave a burger from Sysco for you if you are brave), they are going to spend the entire time trying to market to you and get you to buy a timeshare.  I mean the entire time.\n\nI received 3 phone calls every day in the room, and numerous messages.  And if you don't respond to those messages and delete them, they will remind you at the front desk that you have the messages.  Then, they sell your email address to their partners, who will put together countless emails to send to you that look like they were designed by a fifth grader who just learned that color text and font sizes are a thing.  I am surprised that the Marriott brand allows such tasteless emails to be sent out to its guests - not for the promotion, I know everybody needs to make a buck here and there - but for the sheer lack of quality in the emails from this person Kacee.  Fuzzy picture of the hotel's logo at the top, obviously a screen grab, highlighted text, numerous font sizes and colors.  Just hack.\n\nAnyways, back to the hotel - you get a spacious room, each is what they call a 'villa'.  Thought the term is misused, you can think of it as a large space, with three rooms (a sitting space with TV and a small, tasteful kitchen, a bedroom, and a bathroom) in the one-bedroom version.  The cost is reasonable for what is included, though since it is not attached to any of the casinos or anything like that, you will be wanting to spend your time elsewhere (less you have to deal with all the promotions and endless phone messages).  \n\nThe hotel lies across the street from PH casino and resort, which is a nice example of the LV strip.  You of course have to trudge through an underground parking garage for about a 1\/4 mile to get to the casino through a back entrance (watch out for delivery and trash trucks making the rounds down there, almost got hit!)  There are some great little restaurants, some tackier cheap restaurants, and a shopping mall that I did not wander in to but I heard was nice.  Played a little blackjack, lost some money, had some drinks - all in all a good time (at PH...)\n\nSo in summation - it sucks that this is a timeshare property, will absolutely not be coming back here again.  The sales and marketing on site are relentless, and though I am not going to pretend they are high and holy, I am surprised that Marriott is okay with its brand getting tainted by hacker-y such as this.  Now my email has been sold to some crap company, so I have that to look forward to.  \n\nI stay in Marriott's around the country, about 100+ days a year for work and play, and this was by far the most annoying.  But if you don't have an email account, rip your room phone our of the wall, and don't interact with any of the staff on your way out the door to more interesting places on the strip, you will have a great time and save a little money!  Good luck!