We went for a late dinner around 8ish, so it wasn't crazy busy like most of the other reviews stated. We sat down right away because it was late. First impression, this place is awesome total 50's diner style. Loved the look, the classic long counter with stools, dessert counter to look at all the pie options- it was great. We sat in a booth and began looking at the menu. If you're a vegan, there's a ton of options. I've never seen a Diner with so many classic foods made vegan, so even though I'm not I thought that was something worth noting. They also serve alcohol and have spotted cow on draft. Some of my friends tried the raspberry Moscow mules, reported they were great , and I tried some and I agree. But upon receiving the second drink, it tasted extremely different- less raspberry flavor, more vodka. So their drink consistency is off or it was the end of the night. Another thing was that our waitress was not super attentive, she spent a lot of time in the kitchen talking to the cooks which we could see from the cook window. Maybe because it was the end of the night? But we were looking to get in and get out before they closed and it didn't seem like she was in any hurry. I chose the meatloaf (meatloaf of the gods) for the entree because of reviews. It was very good! I liked it a lot, but huge portion! Couldn't finish it, but that's definitely not a complaint. There was a side of marinara sauce? Maybe a nicer sauce instead of ketchup to serve with the meatloaf ? Tasted like cocktail sauce almost- I put it aside, didn't need it and also didn't like it. The mashed potatoes were good as well. The broccoli florets were huge. After dinner we shared a piece of coconut cream pie, which was amazing! Loved every bite, extremely good. Not sure if it's homemade or catered from somewhere- regardless I'm sure all pie is a safe bet here. My friends shared a peach cobbler milkshake and it did not even taste like peach. It almost tasted like strawberries or cherries. So that was odd, it definitely wasn't as good as the pie. But overall good diner style food, wish I tried the breakfast.