It never ceases to amaze me that in the competitive restaurant market that exists in the Phoenix metro area, sub-standard restaurants not only exist, but exist for years and years! Such is the case for Los Compadres. We actually ate there eons ago, and recall it being fairly good. But a lot of years and a lot of Mexican food meals have gone by. Fast forward to the present. We found ourselves traveling down Northern (don't ask why) and noticed it was still there. In a weak (dare I say - nostalgia?) moment, we thought: hey, it's dinnertime - let's go to Los Compadres!\n\nThe neighborhood and strip mall have changed...a lot...over the years. Closed & fenced in former restaurant on the corner, lots of empty storefronts. But, there it is - Los Compadres. And the parking lot was pretty full. Good sign, right? (Maybe the cars were there for the dive bar next door.)\n\nWe were seated right away, and a nice young man was soon there asking if we'd like anything to drink. Yes, two margaritas please. Chips and salsa followed thereafter - salsa had a good flavor - obviously homemade. The \"hot sauce\" was not so hot, and not very tasty. We're not afraid of spicy food, so we asked the waiter if he had any Cholula sauce (so we could add some zing to the \"hot\" sauce.) He said he had Tabasco or habanera sauce.  Wow - zero to habanera! Nothing in between! Well, bring on the hot stuff!  It came in a bowl (waiter said they don't get much call for it.) We added some to the salsas and they ended up tasting better.\n\nThe menu is typical of Sonoran-style Mexican fare.  We ordered: 2 hard shell tacos - 1 machaca beef, 1 carne asada; 1 chicken burro. We like green chili, but only saw 'green chili & corn' as a topping option. When asked about it, the waiter simply said it was green sauce with corn. Thank you - I think I had figured that out already. So, the burro was ordered 'naked', with the idea of using the salsa on top. When the food came, the poor burro looked so lonely. Sure there was some shredded lettuce on the plate, but not even the standard chopped tomatoes, shredded cheese & olive!  One taco arrived; the waiter told us the kitchen mixed up the order & made a flauta instead; they were making the other taco & it should be ready shortly. When it came, it was a soft taco on a flour tortilla. Not worth it to send it back. The burro was stuffed with cheese & very bland chicken. \n\nThere were quite a few patrons in the restaurant when we arrived so the place is obviously popular. But I am not sure why. The food was underwhelming, the atmosphere is underwhelming, and the location is dodgy. The staff was friendly, though, I'll give them that.\n\nDefinitely will not return - no matter how reminiscent my mood gets!