Alvin had a little bit of business to tend to at the Silverton in Vegas so I tagged along and we turned it into a mini weekend getaway.  The Silverton is off the Strip so you don't get the usual Vegas crowds, glitz and glamour; still, we had a pretty nice stay.  I wish I could give half star because I'd probably give it a 3.5; it was better than \"A-OK,\" but I wouldn't go as far to say \"I'm a fan,\" lol, namely because of the transportation issues and location relative to our interests.\n\nI\/we used Uber\/Lyft to get around. They have a complimentary shuttle, but it's really limited in where it goes and when. I was surprised upon my arrival at the airport at 8:15pm that the next shuttle wouldn't be available until 9:30pm because they take that hour or so off. Also, their shuttle service isn't 24 hours, which was a real disappointment considering Vegas is a city that doesn't really sleep. I've been to hotels in podunk towns that offer service around the clock at least to the local airport that either runs on schedule or by request. They do offer a Lyft promo code for $20, but it doesn't work if you've already used a promo code in the app before, so it was useless for me. I even had to use Uber to get back to the airport for my 6am flight because the shuttle doesn't start service until 7:15am. If you don't rent a car, plan to spend quite a bit of money with Uber or Lyft during your stay, approx. $30 or so to and from the airport and a little more roundtrip to the strip in the early evening.\n\nOur room on the first floor was spacious, clean and nice; it had contemporary\/cozy furnishings, a plush king sized bed, a good shower*, and they didn't skimp on the toiletries. Their free WiFi throughout was pretty spotty and would disconnect randomly, which was annoying sometimes. The 24 hour room service was great for our late night order of fries and breakfast the next morning  -- food always arrived piping hot. Staff throughout were friendly and helpful.\n\nNeither of us gamble really so we didn't spend too much time in the casino outside of walking around\/through it to get to places to eat or to leave the establishment. They have 5-6 places to eat including a Johnny Rockets, an upscale steakhouse that serves mediocre fare (service was excellent though), and a 24 hour cafe that whips up a good salmon Caesar salad as well as some great gelato. In fact, I thought the gelato was a highlight of our stay.\n\nThe gym was small -- had a few free weights, 2 benches, and various cardio machines. Nothing to get excited about. They have a pool area, but we didn't check it out.\n\nAll-in-all, I can't complain -- it was clean, quiet, and comfortable. The location left much to desired though. I'd stay again if necessary or the price was right, but otherwise it's not really worth it unless you have business in the area or just want to be away from everything.\n\n\n*great pressure and really hot water -- fair warning the water gets really hot (even too hot for me), so be careful.