Oh man. I made sure to come back long after my last review. My boyfriend even tried it without me and said that his pizza was good that time. So we come for a later dinner and I hoped the pizza was great. \n\nI wanted to try the smoked salmon pizza and the girl at the counter was stumped at what went on it so she went to ask others. They debated if it had sauce or not. It said it had mozzarella, aioli, etc etc that I read off the menu to them and said I just want what was on the menu. They started talking amongst themselves didn't hear me and then put red sauce on the pizza. Red sauce and smoked salmon doesnt make sense to me and I didn't want it and said that didn't seem right, but they insisted it does....even though they didn't know what was the toppings on it just earlier. They still seemed confused about the pizza so I said \"Can we just get the calabrese pizza instead?\".  They did know that one so I just rolled with it. There are less than 10 specialty pizzas or make your own creation....I would assume being a pizza maker you would know what goes on the pizzas. \n\nWe ordered also their chopped salad, as that salad is pretty delish. I definitely love that salad and how you can get a little bit of everything in each bite. \n\nThe pizza comes and it's definitely soggy and watery. You can see the pool of it in the picture. It was getting closer to closing and they were cleaning up a bit so I debated if I should return it or not. I tried a bit of my piece and decided it was too soggy to deal with. I walked up and showed them and apologized they were cleaning and getting ready to go home, but it just wasn't okay. The guy was nice enough about it and said it was no problem.\n\nThey refired it and it was better. It was not as good as the BFs last pizza according to him. I suspect it was fired up by that one guy who used to make the pizzas at Parma and our pizza was made by newbies.\n\nThere's a yelp check in for a free cannoli with a pizza purchase. I was distracted so I didnt redeem that, but make sure to check in if you come. \n\nI don't know how to feel. I WANT to like this place is the trouble. It's Chef Marc, it's VPN style pizza, it's by my house and I really like that salad. It's getting good reviews now, some of my friends like it too. It seems WHO makes your pizza makes a difference....they come when Chef is here. It's hard for me to ever come back after this. It must be really inconsistent quality.\n\n It makes me sad to not feel zesty pizza redemption the second time around. I don't get the hype.