Definitely a 5 star from my family! Great service and amazing food!  Thanks to my fellow yelpers for their recommendation!  This restaurant is tucked amongst the Canal Shops inside the Venetian, and It's very small and quant.  If your looking for a romantic, secluded restaurant, this is not your place, but is more open, lighted and fun.  \n\nMy husband, our daughter and myself had made reservations for 7:30.  My daughter and I had been shopping and my husband was at a conference.  My daughter and I arrived at 7:30 and they kindly seated us without him..  Unfortunately my husband was delayed and didn't get there until 8:00, but they were very kind about it and never gave us a hard time (after I kept apologizing for his late arrival).  They just kept bringing out more drinks and delicious bread.  Our daughter had a glass of the house wine and I had the special margarita!  It was strong, but well worth it and help soak up the delicious soft and hot bread!  \n\nWe started with the Fritto Misto appetizer.  It was just your basic fried shrimp and calamari, but still pretty tasty.  We ordered 3 different entrées, knowing we would all share.  I ordered the NY Strip with roasted vegetables, my husband the Lobster Ravioli (white sauce), and my daughter the Lobster Supreme (which was 2 pan seared lobster tails on top of a tomato\/basil sauce linguine with grilled shrimp and cherry tomatoes).  All were divine!  My steak was done to perfection and had great flavor!  My husbands ravioli was plump full of fresh lobster and the white sauce was not heavy. His plate was empty after we all had our share.  Our daughters lobster and shrimp  was fresh and had great flavor as well.  I loved the linguine, but my daughter and husband would call it basic.  Not much was left of her meal (it too was very large portion) and my steak.  With our tummies full, we opted out of dessert.  \n\nIf you're looking for some great food, fantastic service, and reasonable prices, this is your place.  On a side note, we had our left overs packed up, (and the server gave us a fresh bowl of bread) and brought them out to a couple of the \"homeless\" people out on the strip.  The look on their faces were priceless.  You never know what their true circumstances are, but sharing a little never hurts.