Kyara has been on my to try list for awhile and tonight was the night I got the chance to go.  Having read many of the reviews from friends, I had some good tips to follow when dining here.\n\nI sat at the sushi bar a place I like because it's always fun to watch the chefs working their magic and you see a kitchen at work.\n\nI started by ordering three items, Gobo chips (fried burdock root), Iko Geso Age (deep fried squid tentacles), and Enoki with bacon (thin Japanese mushrooms wrapped in bacon and grilled on a skewer.)  \n\nThe Gobo chips reminded me of very thin French fries with a bit different texture and a different flavor.  It's the root of the burdock so it has some of the flavor from where it grew.  The seasoning on the Gobo was excellent.\n\nIko Geso Age, deep fried squid tentacles, were uniformly cooked and seasoned with some salt.  The squid was very flavorful and almost every bite was tender.\n\nNext was the enoki with bacon.  I think most people have seen enoki, either on TV or in the produce section of a market.  Enoki is a very thin stemmed mushroom, white in color, and in this preparation, a number of the mushrooms are gathered together something like a sheaf of wheat and carefully held together by being wrapped by the bacon and placed on a skewer.  It's then grilled.  It is a very tasty dish!\n\nThis is what I like about tapas style restaurants, I've eaten three dishes, well actually four, and I still have room to try one more thing.  I asked about their mountain potato on a hot plate.  One of the chefs explained to me that it might not be pleasant to my palate that it was slimy and it had a taste that you either loved or hated at first bite.  He also said the dish was too much for one person in size.  OK, next time I go, I have to go with a group of Yelp friends.  Instead, I ordered a butabara (pork belly)  skewer with salt.  They'll do it unsalted, salted, or with salt on the side.  What tasty pork!  This is reason to return although there' still so much to explore on the menu.\n\nI mention and extra dish but didn't explain it.  When you check in on Yelp, it brings up a screen that gives you a free appetizer.  It was small and had some fish and other items.  It was a good starter and a nice perk for a check in.\n\nDinner wouldn't be complete without dessert.  I've had my share of chocolate recently, so I went with the green tea waffle dessert.  You get two waffles, vanilla ice cream, and two small containers--one with warm honey and one with melted butter.  I used a bit of the butter and only a small amount of the honey.  The dessert was very good.  And as one person's review stated, it is very filling.\n\nService was great.  I was there when Kyara opened so there wasn't a crowd there.  I was served twice by one of two servers and I received some of the other dishes over the bar from one of the chefs.  They allowed me to stand and peer over the side of the counter so I could see them making sushi and one of the chefs was trying a new dressing for a salad.  Dinner was very tasty, service was excellent, and I will be back.