I had to come to this Place, it was on My list of Restaurants to Visit. We came here after going to my Dad's Trustee Convention and Checking out the Shark Reef in the Mandalay Bay. After Spending a little over 15 Minutes looking for this place (We got lost in the Casino and Passed it Twice) we managed to find it. It was amazing to walk into the place, it was the location for Top Chef: Season 6 Restaurant Wars. \n\nWe sat down and after looking over the menu for a Couple of Minutes I noticed Rick Moonen (himself, my First Professional Chef Encounter) a couple of Tables away having dinner, he walked over said hello and we talked for a bit, I asked him for a Picture and he kindly said yes (but I said wait til after our Meal). \n\nWe started with an Amuse-Bouche: Salmon Belly with Salmon Roe and Bean Sprouts on a slice of Daikon (Good Start). For our Entrees: my dad got the Seared Diver Scallops with Roasted Cauliflower, Toasted Almonds and Drunken Raisins (Scallops were Beautifully Seared, there sweet when Seared or Roasted, you get Crunch from the Almonds, Nuttiness from the Cauliflower, also my Dad and I were curious about what alcohol they use for their raisins but it was good). \n\nFor my Entrée I got the Grilled Sturgeon over Potato Gnocchi with California Caviar and finished in a Lemon-Dill Butter Sauce (Perfect Grill Marks on the fish and its just falls apart with these Fluffy little pillows of Potato goodness on the Bottom, saltiness from the Caviar and some acidity from the Sauce).We also shared a Side of Sautéed Seasonal Mushrooms (Mighty Big Portion of Assorted Mushrooms cooked in Red Wine Sauce). \n\nThen Rick came back over and we took our picture (before he had to go to Baltimore for something). Finally to end the Meal dad ordered some Tea while I got myself Dessert (I was originally gonna order and looking forward to the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Blueberry Compote and Blueberry Buttermilk Ice Cream a dessert with my favorite fruit. but they said they took it off the Menu 3 Weeks Prior to my Visit, So I went with Plan B). \n\nSo what I ordered was Rick's Classic Summer Pudding: Angel Food Cake, Harry's Berries and topped with Sweetened Whipped Cream (It was fun to Eat, kinda like a Treasure Chest you take the top off the Cake and what you find are a bunch of delectable Berries, This moist cake filled with Sweet Berries and Whipped Cream light and fluffy as a cloud). It was nice to dine here and meet a guy who is very passionate about Sustainable Seafood, I'll be sure to come back with Family\/Friends Hungry for More !!!