While it's really hard to think about being \"a fan\" of Cox itself, I'll give the Cox Solutions store and staff on Camelback a 4th star based on the quick and courteous service this evening as I nigh gleefully turned in the DVR, signifying total termination of cable TV service in favor of free over the air TV supplemented with a bit of streaming.  \n\nArriving about 6 P.M. on a Tuesday evening, there were no customers in the store when I arrived.  Staff of at least four were on hand, laughing and socializing amiably, but one broke off instantly to ask how he could help, and did so immediately, accepting the DVR and looking up the account to check-in the returned equipment, with no more than a moment of surprised expression on seeing the cable TV services were terminated completely.  He gave me a receipt for the equipment and I was on my way, mission accomplished, in less than 5 minutes.  \n\nIt's a bright, clean, appealing store front set up much like a Verizon or other cellular store where you walk in, sign in, and wait your turn. Not a single other customer entered the store in my few minutes, though two or three were approaching the door as I left. If today's single experience is evidence of the regular scheme of things - after 6 P.M. mid week would seem to be an opportune time of arrival.    \n\nThe store sits in an out-parcel building in the shopping plaza on south side of Camelback, just west of 20th street, diagonally across from Best Buy. There's no store front on Camelback, so you will  have to enter the shopping center to find the store, which is diagonally across from Best Buy.\n\nWhile I'm quite happy to be back to free TV, in general I have not been displeased with Cox service.  I'm still on Cox Internet, at least until I can find a less-expensive alternative that meets all my needs, and am happy to have stores such as these in the community as an additional convenience and resource.  In ' n ' out in less than 5 minutes, you're experence may vary, but it's hard not to be a fan of that.