Lying mini-van guy and dingy check in guy...Pretty irritating rental.  At the end of the day, the concerns I had didn't derail my trip to Vegas, but really Budget?? I like being a happy and kind customer, I'm pretty easy to please, I travel a lot and go with the flow. I don't like being \"that guy\".  I had a reservation for a few weeks for a full sized car, business trip where I was taking around some co-workers and clients.  There were only three people in line ahead of me and it took way longer than it should have.  Trying to figure out why... Do you ever get the feeling that as a customer you are infringing on the personal time of the employees that are helping you, we that's the feeling we were getting.  Then, back to the car.  No full sized cars per my  reservation, he tells me, \"We don't have any cars, your choices are an economy car, which it doesn't look like you will fit in, or a mini-van.\"  I told him I wasn't really happy with the mini-van, it's not what you want to be rocking in Vegas.  I asked if there was something we could upgrade to and was told no.  But, as I'm reasonable, I responded\" if that is all you have I'll take it, but if I see a lot of other cars out there  going to be quite upset and I'm going to be back talking with your manager.\"  Guess what, he went to the back room for another 5 minuted and \"found a car\" as per our original reservation.  When we walked outside to the garage, imagine our surprise when we see a plethora of nice cars, maybe 50, in all sorts of sizes and shapes that would have worked just fine.  Shame, shame, shame on you counter person who not only just blatantly lied to us, but lied about something we would be able to see very clearly in a few minutes after we would be walking away, did you think we wouldn't see?.  When we were dropping the car off, the fun continued.  They guy checking the car in exclaimed, like I dinged his personal vintage ride, \"THERE IS A DING IN THE DOOR.\"  I looked at it, it was very small, the size of a pencil eraser and I explained\" I rent cars a lot, and every company I have discussed has told me that they don't worry if dings are less than a quarter in size.  I don't look that hard at the cars when I pick them up.  I showed him 4 other dings and scratches around the car that showed it was the general condition of the car, a rental with 19,000 miles is typically a bit less than showroom condition.  He angrily wrote, in big bold letters DING on form, thrust the paper at me and growled that I was a bad boy and had to discuss this with the Principal (in so many words and tone), or who ever was in the booth.  I went there, explained the whole process, she was very sweet and just said very sweetlt, \"Oh, we don't worry about dings\".  So no national emergency in this rental, and maybe if the lady in the booth were running things it would be a bit nicer and better customer service.