Meh.  In my opinion, The Buffet at the Wynn is to the Rio Seafood Buffet as Deron Williams is to Kobe Bryant - it's decent and respectable, but falls a few inches short of the greatest (three inches, to be exact).  Vegas buffets in general are top notch in comparison to the typical redneck buffet fare the rest of this country is accustomed to (ahem, Country Harvest), so you won't leave any of them feeling hoodwinked by culinary tomfoolery.  But when comparing Vegas buffets amongst each other in the bubble of excess, gluttony, and well, morbid obesity that is Las Vegas, you gots to drop some criticism where the criticism is due.\n\nThis place is just ok.  The decor is amazing and the ambiance is radiant, but since we can't eat the plastic flowers let's just ignore this category and focus on the food.  They've got the typical Vegas buffet fare, e.g. sushi rolls, pizza, roasted chicken, prime rib, salad bar, chinese food, soup, blah blah blah, all of which they do reasonably well.  A few stars of the show:  \n\n1.  The Whole-Grain Mustard Seed Bacon.  Juicy, salty, pork belly encrusted with whole-grain mustard seed (which looks like peppercorn).  Enough said.  And if you don't like bacon, well, pox on you for being blasphemous.  I give this bacon three \"Daaamn Gina!\"s.\n\n2.  The Pulled Pork Sliders.  Pulled pork and cole slaw on cornbread.  Also a baller item.\n\n3.  The Prime Rib.  Really, prime rib is getting way too cliche at Vegas Buffets - can you guys switch over to Porterhouse or something?  It was good, but ya know, it's pretty good everywhere you go in Vegas.  We're not talking House of Prime Rib in San Francisco good or Stinking Rose in Los Angeles good, but Lamar Odom good.\n\n4.  The Dessert Bar.  Nice selection of sweets from ice cream and sorbet to cookies and pastries, glittered cupcakes to various pudding \/ mousse-like concoctions.  My favorite was a caramel \/ coconut \/ rice pudding cup (minus the white grapes at the bottom - totally inappropriate for this dessert - I suggest you leave them at the bottom of the cup).\n\nA disclaimer:  my true love is the crab legs at the Rio Seafood Buffet.  I can tear through those like napalm through a Vietnamese jungle, so I was disappointed when I found out that crab is only served at the Wynn on Fridays and Saturdays.  I'll have to save that review for next time.\n\nThe verdict:  if you're fiending for some yellow-top buffet crack but don't have the financial wherewithal or desire to hop your rumpus into a car to travel to the Rio, The Buffet At The Wynn is not a bad alternative.  It'll leave you just satisfied coming out as it did going in.  But I digress.\n\nHappy endless eating Vegas-goers!