Let me start by saying I love these candles and think the smells are truly unique. I have never visited a store because I usually buy online. I decided to go to the store today though to smell the holiday scents in person.  \n \nOn this particular trip I had a coupon for buy 2 small jar candles get 2 free. I had never purchased the small jar candles so I asked the woman behind the counter to point out which coupons pertain to this promotion. She showed me the small jar candle and proceeded to tell me that this was not a good deal. She told me the large candle was the best deal and that the small jar candle wasn't a good price. \n \nWhile I can appreciate her desire to up sale I don't appreciate needing to explain that while I agree with her, I am not in the position to spend that much money today. I was perfectly happy with buying the 2 smaller candles and getting 2 free. I realize the best value is the large jar candles (which I had a coupon for buy 2 get 2 free also) I just couldn't spend that much money today. \n \nThe trip continued to take a turn for the worst when  I went to check out. We had about 5 people in line which wasn't a problem until the computer broke. We then spent over 10 minutes listening to the same associate announce that this is not her fault and she can't do anything to fix it. If we wanted our candles we would just have to wait. Finally she has the machine back up and running. She begins to ring everyone up. She however is taking the time to comment on how she feels about each and every scent that she rings up. After spending more then 25 minutes total in line I had to walk out with no candles. You see, I was on my lunch hour and didn't have the luxury of waiting 25 minutes to have my basket rang up. \n \nSo now after spending my entire lunch hour in the store discussing my inability to afford 2 large jar candles at that time, waiting in line for the cashier to approve every ones candle choices, and hearing how she can't do anything about the computer, I left with no candles. This was my first experience in a Yankee Candle store and let me be honest, it STUNK and it wasn't the candles fault.