This is more above a 3 but less than 4, but around the 3.5 mark.\n\nNishikawa Ramen is located in a somewhat (I think) odd\/unassuming location. As a matter of fact, the first time I came here I thought that they were closed. The interior is quaint and you can tell they're a no frills type of place. You can watch the cooks make your ramen and set up your bowls. There's a bar-top-like sitting area, a few booths and a few tables.\n\nFirstly the food. Today I had the Nishikawa black ramen as well as their Chashu bowl and a bottle of Orion beer. Their ramen is good, no doubt about it. The broth was rich and the noodles were springy. You can tell they really pay attention to their bread and butter. If it was only ramen I'd probably give them 4.5-5; however, I feel like it's slightly muddled by their bowls and their service.\n\nThe bowls make up about 40% of their menu (more than the ramen and more than the \"tapas\"). Since I've been frequenting Nishikawa, I've had their chashu, ikura, katsu, mentaiko, as well as spicy tuna bowls. The problem is I feel like they have nothing particularly special about them. Nothing stands out and their flavors tend to disappear from memory. Every single bowl I've had came with a cherry tomato and a wedge of lemon (which I don't think is quite a necessity). The chashu pork is very thin and almost tastes like unagi that you can typically get at a sushi restaurant. I feel like you can get better bowls at Tampopo in Tempe. I'm not saying a ramen place should have the best bowls in town but if it takes up most of the menu then maybe it's something to work on and think about.\n\nThe service itself is not bad. The employees are kind and attentive. Service is just slow. Every time I've been to Nishikawa it has never been busy nor full; however, I've waited on average around 5-10 minutes standing around to have them seat me or even take notice of me. Checks either come too early or too late, and today I received my beer about 5 minutes after I received all of my food and begun eating. Again the service itself isn't bad, I just think they could use a little more refining.\n\nI clearly frequent this location. If I didn't like it I wouldn't be here, but as stated earlier it's only their ramen that I feel like does them justice. I definitely would recommend this to other people, but again just for their ramen.