I booked this hotel through Priceline for my one year wedding anniversary and was really happy to have gotten a \"4 star hotel\" for $100 a night. Unfortunately, after researching reviews on this hotel I found that google reviews, yelp and trip advisor had this hotel listed as a 3 star hotel with many recent reviews mentioning bugs in the hotel. I immediately had a small panic attack and tried to cancel or move my hotel stay to another hotel. I am terrified of bugs and did not want this incorrectly rated hotel to ruin my special day. I contacted priceline who placed me on hold and when they came back on the line said they called the hotel to verify they did not have bugs. Basically I was stuck with this reservation.\n\nAnyway, I stayed at the hotel and paid an additional $50 when we checked in to upgrade to the suite in hopes that the room would be nicer (ie bug free). When we checked in the room was a little dated and there was a flying insect in the room but all in all it seemed decent - not 4 stars - but doable since we weren't going to be in the room much anyway and didn't want to just be out the $150 we ended up paying to stay there. My husband and I went out and had an awesome anniversary - came back and went to sleep with no issues. \n\nHowever, the next morning while we were getting ready for brunch I was leaning in close to the mirror to do my make up a spider crawled right by my face and into the closet where I assume it lives along with the other insects we ended up seeing that morning. I immediately rethought everything I had done that morning. Did anything crawl into my clothes I laid out to wear that day? Had anything gotten into my purse that had sat open? I immediately broke into hives and was itchy at the thought and almost left everything I had brought behind. \n\nSo although this hotel did not ruin my anniversary night - it did ruin my anniversary brunch and the rest of my weekend. Unpacking my suitcase and even just reaching into my purse the following days was horrifying. I wish priceline would have understood my very real fear of insects and at least tried to work with me. Lesson learned - priceline does not care about its customers and always check yelp reviews before you book your hotel .\n\nDont stay here if you are also terrified of bugs