Not a good experience.  First, the color is completely disappointing.  I was very surprised by this because I used to see this colorist, Jody, at another salon years ago.  We did a different style of highlight this time and it basically looks like a slightly sunkissed version of my natural hair color.  The difference between the colors was definitely not what the picture I saw looked like.  I hate to write a bad review of someone so nice, but this is my honest opinion.  I was totally shocked at what it looked like when it was finished.  Getting your hair colored isn't cheap (the cut\/color were $250 before tip) and it took over 2 hours from the start of the coloring to the start of the haircut (almost 3 hours when you add the cut time), so I certainly hoped for a more noticeable difference and something I liked.  I am especially disappointed because I have a number of events coming up and I really wanted something that I was happy with.  I also felt like she knew I wasn't happy and brushed it under the rug, which added insult to injury,\n\nNow, on to the girl who washed my hair, then put in tonor, then a gloss.  She basically said 10 words to me in the entire 30 minutes I spent with her.  And she didn't offer a magazine, so I was just sitting there bored.  She also left me sitting at the sink to let the tonor set for 15 minutes so I was literally just sitting there bored out of my mind (again, no magazines) and terribly uncomfortable (because you have to pick between having your head on the hard sink for then15 minuets or sort of being slouched forward because it is a chair that reclines towards the sink).\n\nThe cut by Sonia turned out decent, but it is definitely shorter than what I showed her.  I also much prefer when they get more of your input into your cut (i.e. short layers, long lawyers, etc).  There was none of that--she just did her thing.  I also felt pushed or bullied into having it blowdried, which I really didn't want, but I am not good at standing up to people.  And then, she said \"see, that wasn't so bad\".  She probably meant it as a joke, but it was kind of patronizing.