UPDATE: I contacted Hertz after discussing the matter with my credit card company, and after I sent an email to Hertz got a response within 2 days giving a $100 credit back to my card with an apology. So I am updating my review from 2 stars to 3 stars. I would recommend washing the car before returning it OR preparing to fight a cleaning charge thru your cc or Hertz if it is dirty from National Park roads, thought.\n----------------------------------------\nOriginal reivew: My experience with Hertz was disappointing from pickup to drop off. It took about an hour as a gold member to get the car and when I got to the desk, was told I was being upgrade, but when I got to the car it was upgraded from an economy to a mini-van. I don't know in what world a mini-van is an upgrade but certainly not in LV. The car itself was ok except for the fact that when you stepped on the break the whole thing shook, but it stopped so that's fine.\n\nDrop-off was where the shadiness set it. I had hired the car to go to national parks in the Utah, Nevada and Arizona area, and in March many had roadwork being performed, which is fine except there was a lot of soil on the road. Bright, reddish, unavoidable soil. When I returned the car, there was still some red soil kicked up around the tire. The attendant asked if I had taken the car off road, and I explained that the vehicle hadn't been off road, just touring national parks during road construction season. The attendant called her manager, who came and explained that the red dirt around the tire was reason enough for them to charge $100 cleaning fee.\n\nI asked if I could take it to the car wash and return it without the dirt, and he said that no, they'd still charge and that there weren't any car washes nearby anyway. I asked if I could contest the charge with my credit card and was told that it wouldn't be worth it since they would have pictures which proves that the vehicle was taken off road. Again, I said I hadn't take it off road and that the dirt was result of road construction in the national parks, but was told there was nothing to do. I paid the $100 fee, and immediately contested the charge with my cc company.\n\nLesson: If you hire a Hertz rental for touring national parks either 1) don't do it during road construction season or 2) wash the car before returning it. \nHappy travels!