Eh. Not sure what all the hype is about with Hotel Adeline. I won a free night stay here, which I decided to use for my birthday for a mini staycation. I had been in contact via email with the reservations manager, who was extremely helpful and absolutely great.\n\nUpon my arrival and checking in, I started to be less impressed and less excited about my staycation. The front desk staff were kind but were unprofessional -- joking with one another as if they were in high school and we were all just hanging out together. Not quite quality service. We got our room, and I was actually a bit surprised that no map was given of the premises, just a quick run though of \"directions\" (i.e., go out, take a left, your room will be on the first floor). I happen to be a smart cookie so it sufficed but still -- most hotels\/resorts give a map. Just sayin'. \n\nI had requested a room with two beds, and requested a refrigerator to be in the room (no, a refrigerator is NOT an amenity, you have to ask if you want one). I opened the door to the room and one bed, no refrigerator. Umm. So I went back and got that fixed; I was given a room with two beds -- as I had requested\/booked -- and was told the refrigerator would be brought to my room. Well, they must've gotten lost on the way to my room or simply forgotten because I never got a refrigerator in my room. Oh, and if you want ice, you have to call the front desk and have them deliver a small baggie of ice to you -- there's no ice machines either. \n\nThe room itself was cute, no complaints there. It was clean and had pops of color which made it feel like you were at a more high-end expensive resort once you were inside the room. \n\nThe pool area was nice, too, although extremely crammed with all the lawn chairs surrounding the pool. If you walk through the pool area, beware of your shins. There also is a giant connect-4 game, ping-pong table, and corn-hole that you can play. But -- everything closes at 10pm so if you even want to sit out and enjoy the wonderful Arizona evenings, you're out of luck; can't do that here after 10pm. We called the front desk and asked if we could pretty please play a game of ping-pong and they said they'd allow us to play for an hour, just to go to the front desk for the paddles and balls... so we did. We waited for 35 minutes while TWO people checked in -- not sure what took so long to check them in, and as soon as they walked away, the front desk lady ran off and didn't even acknowledge us in the lobby. My friend finally chased her down and asked for the paddles and balls for ping-pong (this was the same lady we spoke to on the phone who stated we could play for an hour), and we were told that the person who has the keys for the room where those are kept would be leaving in 10 minutes and we couldn't play. Then why lie?! It was extremely disappointing as it was a beautiful evening that we ended up spending in the room watching TV rather than being outside. \n\nThe next morning we were awoken around 7am by the obnoxiously loud Spanish-speaking cleaning crew, who were either arguing or apparently decided to have a \"let's see who can talk louder\" discussion right outside our door. Then they were rolling around carts so loud it sounded like there was rolling thunder outside, and not to mention the extremely loud and annoying leaf blowers. Really now?! Was that REALLY necessary on a Saturday morning at 7am? So if you're planning on sleeping in, you won't be able to... you'll be woken up early, as if you're in the military and have a drill Sargent. Honestly, I recommend spending a bit extra and booking elsewhere. We made the best of our staycation, and I had fun with the company I was with but I wouldn't return; for the price, it's just not worth it.