There is no shortage of places to go to fix your broken \/ cracked cell phone glass.  Heck, there's guys on Craigslist that actually come right to you to perform this uncomplicated and fairly basic repair.\n  \nBut what does one do when their in-warranty phone (Samsung Galaxy S4) suddenly and without any warning simply stops working, as in all you're looking at is a blank green screen??\n\nYou take it to the very capable crew at UbreakIfix on Camelback, nestled quietly back behind Copenhagen Furniture...\n\nWhen I called my Carrier to report the problem, I was instantly informed that since I wasn't backing up all of my files, etc to their \"cloud\", I was for lack of a better term, screwed as far as retrieving all of my pictures, apps, app data, etc., etc. because my phone wouldn't power up properly.  OK, I know I should be backing up my data, but sometimes you just don't want god-knows-who's eyes on your stuff when it all gets whisked away on one of these cloud services.  The rep at my carrier offered no guidance or assistance for a solution, just left it at \"you won't be able to retrieve the information stuck on your now non-working phone\".  Jasen, my initial point of contact at UBIF, clued me in on using the Samsung service instead of the one provided by my carrier, which made even more sense after thinking about the potential issues which could arise when you dump carrier A in favor of carrier B, and A has all your info...\n\nBut back to my problem, and how it was dealt with.  Immediately upon entering their very clean and well organized storefront, I was greeted by Jasen, who was attentive and clearly interested in working with me to resolve my issue.  We discussed several different options and weighed the benefits of each, and after engaging the technician (Matt?) from the back shop into our discussion, a plan was agreed to, a price and a written estimate was provided, and I was told that my phone would be ready to pick up by tomorrow, but it possibly could be done by closing time that same day.  As it was already almost 4:00 and they close at 7:00, imagine my surprise when I received a call from them at just before 6:00 informing me that it was ready for me to pick-up.\n\nWhen I returned at just before 7:00, I can only say I was thoroughly impressed.  Picking up my new phone, I powered it up and everything; I mean all of my wallpapers, my apps, all functionality, was EXACTLY as it was previously.  All of my info, including all of my emails and text messages were exactly as they had been.  I was thrilled!\n\n I've had cell phones since they first came around, and I've had many, many occasions where a newer phone faltered for one reason or another, and each time has been like starting all over, and worse.  Every time something went wrong with my Blackberry's, the rep would ask you two stupid questions (did you remove and reinstall the battery?), before they told you the \"fix\" was a \"master reset\", which was the equivalent of having a root canal procedure, without any Novacaine!\n\nI'm not sure where Trenton K took his laptop for repair.  Maybe he had that experience in a dream.  These guys are professional, thorough and extremely customer focused.  It's so refreshing to run across a business like this that understands the true meaning of providing \"SERVICE\".  \n\nThanks for the great job guys!