stopped in here today after picking up an order from the wonderful retro bakery. this place is right next door and my boyfriend and I were in the mood for a snack. we walk in to this cozy little place to one woman working. she was nice and helpful and after minutes on debating on what to get we decided on the 4 piece chicken tender with a side of sweet potato french fries. total was a little over 8 dollars. she said it would be about an 8 minute wait so we sat on some chairs up against the wall. now be forewarned there are no tables in this little eatery so make sure you know the food is to go. while waiting Dan and I were deciding where to eat this made to order little snack. We opted for a picnic in his car. (hey...we had to make it work!) After a few minutes of waiting and examining the menu some more for next time we got our little goodie bag. we took it to the car and opened the box of wings to a hot and spicy with a pinch of sweetness smell. we just looked at each other and couldn't wait to dig in. (oh btw we got the mom's special spicy sweet sauce.) we took some bites of the sweet potato fries. they were really good. the chicken was very fresh, juicy, and pure white on the inside. biting into these tenders was a little bite of heaven. ok maybe a little dieters sin, but so worth it. the sauce had so much flavor to it and it felt like these littler sinners were melting in my mouth. the little hint of spice lingered in my mouth for a few good moments. i wish we ordered more! Next time I go back I already decided to get an order of the jalapeno mac and cheese.\nI am only deducting a star for not having table and chairs for people to eat. My boyfriend and I decided next time we come back up here we will order this food and have a picnic over at floyd lamb state park. If you don't live in the area that would be a good (and cutesy!) option rather than driving it half an hour back to henderson. You could also do like we did and just picnic in the car. just be prepared for messy, sticky fingers and have lots of napkins handy!