I usually don't put energy into negativity but I feel I must share this TERRIBLE experience I have endured to save other's time, energy, and money.\n\nI flew in to see Dr. Marlow from LOS ANGELES CA in hopes of a positive experience.I have never felt so uncomfortable and disrespected as I did at this office. Let me explain:\n\nThe receptionist named Shirley was rude, dishonest, and just plain disrespectful.\nI have never witnessed such poor behavior in a professional setting.\n\nOver the phone Shirley MISCOMMUNICATED the payment plan to me.\nI arrived at the office and was unprepared to pay for services at that time because of what Shirley had told me earlier that morning. She denied ever speaking with me and had insinuated I was lying and that I must have called the wrong number.\nThankfully I had proof on my cell phone of when I had called the office that morning. After bringing that to her attention she failed to recognize she was in the wrong and didn't' apologize.\n*Payment wasn't the issue. It was about the principal and poor treatment that upset me. \n\nSince I wasn't planning on paying for services that day I had to leave the office and run to the ATM. After I returned ten minutes later she said she would have to RESCHEDULE my appointment because I had ran to the ATM. \nI arrived to my appointment ON TIME but because of HER mistake I was being held accountable. That was totally unacceptable! Had she FORGOT (once again) that I flew in from Los Angeles for that one appointment. I have a job and didn't plan on staying in Charlotte any longer than planned.  So she informed me that I could stay in the waiting room and be seen if a patient didn't show up. So for the rest of my duration in the waiting room I filled out my paperwork and was treated coldly to put it lightly. * She was very short in her answers regarding paperwork. \n\nFinally I saw Dr. Marlow for a brief time. It was a very UNCOMFORTABLE experience for a doctors visit in which I haven't experienced in my lifetime. \nHe rarely made eye contact with me and was very short with questions and answers. How did he expect me to openly converse with him about my health needs if he was conducting himself in such a closed off  manner. \nAnyhow after the appointment I was happy to be leaving and on my way back to LA. I have since found a NEW doctor who is compassionate, honest, and a great listener. \n\nMy new doctor needed some paperwork faxed over from Dr. Marlows office.\nI called and politely asked Shirley if she could please fax over the paperwork.\nHer response was short like usual. I asked her when should I be expecting the paperwork. She said MAYBE Friday if they got to it. I was calling on a Tuesday.\nWHAT A JOKE! It takes 2 minutes to fax over paper work. The receptionist here in LA even noted how \"unhelpful\" she was when contacting her.\nI understand offices are busy but when I was in the waiting room for 2 hours I saw one other client. It all goes back to PRINCIPAL. If she had good intentions and was kind hearted this wouldn't even be an issue. God bless her miserable soul and I am RELIEVED to be free of of having to be in contact with that office. \n\n\nIf you are contemplating on whether or not to see Dr. Marlow I suggest you save your energy, money, and time. \n\nIf you are seeking a doctor for HRT feel free to contact me and I can share with you my doctor.