You know those few precious moments when you're absolutely falling in love with a dish? Like your eyes roll back and you carefully savor each bite, wishing the experience will never end? It's an ecstasy that only a few restaurants can deliver. This describes my dinner experience at Scarpetta, when I delicately pulled apart my fennel dusted spiced black cod. A bed of tomatoes and roasted fennel added a tangy zest to the fish. My lawd. This must be a dream. It's too good to be true!\n\nBAM! Snap back to reality. As I used my fork and knife to draw another piece of that tender cod to my mouth, I spotted a thin black line. Hmm, that's an interesting lookin' spice. Let me tug at it some more. Lo and behold, it was a piece of hair, and it was definitely not mine. The hair was embedded in the cod's skin! I politely informed my waiter of the situation and he apologized, then asked if I would like to replace the cod with a different dish. I just wanted another cod. I wanted to return to that euphoria I was experiencing before my foodie world came crashing down on me when I discovered that unfortunate piece of keratin. \n\nLike Forrest Gump says, sh** happens. I understand that, but I'm at Scarpetta. This is a high-caliber restaurant, one of the best in Las Vegas, owned by the famous Chef Scott Conant. It's not something I would expect to happen here. My waiter was professional though, he quickly brought out another cod (since my partner was already done with his dish) and our dessert was on the house. I totally appreciate these gestures. Yet, when my second cod arrived, it did not taste as heavenly as the initial one. I noticed that my second dish came out a lot faster than my first, which meant it was cooked in a shorter amount of time. The meat of my second cod looked a tad raw and it was almost rubbery in texture, not as moist and soft as my first one. There goes my foodie high. Womp womp.\n\nThe kitchen staff probably invested less time and attention on my replacement dish. I know there was a slight rush to bring out my cod ASAP since my boyfriend already finished his entree. However, I was still paying for this dish and it was executed poorly compared to the first one. \n\nThis could have easily been a four or five star review. We asked for a table next to the window and the views of The Strip and the Bellagio Fountains were stunning. So romantic and beautiful. My boyfriend and I started our dinner with the Tuna \"Susci\" with marinated vegetables and preserved truffles. This is essentially tuna wrapped around vegetables. It was almost like a sushi roll, but there was too much going on. We couldn't really tease out the tuna flavor.  \n\nMy boyfriend ordered the short rib & bone marrow agnolotti. It's cooked in brown butter, horseradish, and toasted breadcrumbs. He said it was good but not amazingly tasty. He was still quite hungry after finishing his pasta. \n\nThe complimentary Amedei Chocolate cake with toasted almond gelato and salted caramel sauce was decadent. The chocolate was not overly sweet and the almond gelato was creamy.\n\nIt wasn't purely the hair, but the fact that my second cod was unrecognizable compared to my first one. The rest of the items are pretty solid. The view is the best thing Scarpetta has to offer. And maybe that black cod...when it is cooked properly.