I came to the Foundation Room for the first time with a friend after being enticed with the promise of comped entry and free drinks from a well known promoter. The entry line was short and we waited less than three minutes to get in. Once inside, we headed straight to the bar to get our drinks. At this point, I was getting pretty wary because to get free drinks, you typically need a wristband or drink tickets but we had received nil. I approached the bartender and asked about the open bar for chicks and she rudely responded \"You need drink tickets\".  Okay, where do I find those? \"Go ask the hostess\". \n\nWe made our way back to the hostess stand, where I was ignored for what seemed like ages. Finally the chatty employees realized someone was standing in front of them. I asked about drink tickets and again, was met with rudeness. \"The host at check-in downstairs was supposed to give them to you. You have to go back down.\" Well, this sucks. I contemplated simply leaving. Back down the elevators we went. I had to wait in line AGAIN and asked for drink tickets this time. We got 2 each.\n\nI texted the promoter and told him about all this BS, and he actually contacted the manager of Foundation Room, who texted me back in minutes. He told me where to find him and once I did, he apologized and then gave my friend and I 6 more drink tickets. That almost made up for the debacle I was made to contend with.\n\nNow that we could finally relax, we meandered around the small lounge and got to enjoy the view of the city. It is jam packed out on the balcony, so good luck finding a spot! The music is deplorable and was mostly outdated pop music. I'll admit the vibe was pretty cool - there was an eastern theme going on with statues of Buddha and elephants. Later in the night, women came out dressed as belly dancers and danced on top of platforms. The crowd is mostly older. I wouldn't describe Foundation Room as a lounge because when it's hard to walk around and make conversation, you're no longer considered a lounge, you're a friggin club. \n\nWorth a Return Visit?\nThe promoter and the manager were the saving graces of my experience at Foundation Room. Had it not been for their swift corrective actions, I would've wrote Foundation Room off forever. Even so, coming back is a big maybe.\n\nYELP 100 CHALLENGE 2015: #137