Gal's Sushi has a long history in Markham.  Did you know before they moved to the highway 7 and Warden area, they were at highway 7 and Leslie?  Anyways, the \"newest\" location is much larger than its previous but the quality of food they serve is still very consistent.  I would like to point out although it's call Gal's sushi, the owner is actually Korean and they also serve Korean food!\n\nI go to Gal mostly during lunch for their bento boxes, and for 8.99 to 11.99 for a bento box that includes two Korean side dishes, rolls and your main choice (chicken, tempura, beef, more rolls, or sashimi), the price is very reasonable.  The portion is good for one person and their sushi and rolls are well made.  If you are not into raw food, they also have set lunch menu for Korean food with the traditional hot stone rice, Korean rice cakes just to name a few.\n\nIf you decide to come here for dinner, it will be a little more expensive, but if you have a group of 5 to 6 people, I will highly recommend ordering a tray of sushi or sashimi or a combination of both to share.  Their sushi and sashimi are very fresh and if you order the middle tier sushi tray, it already comes with Uni! Also known as sea urchin which is considered as a higher tier sushi in Japan.  What I am really impressed with this place is how they make their sushi.  The amount of rice they use for sushi is exactly how sushi are made in Japan!  The fish is able to wrap around the rice not the other way around where you see very often in cheaper restaurants that serve sushi!\n\nTheir services are great also, if you do not eat a certain fish, you just need to let them know and they will be more than happy to substitute the fish you don't eat with something else within the same tier with no additional cost! \n\nIf you have a sudden craving for sushi or sashimi, do not want to travel far and stay in Markham and do not want to pay too much, then I would recommend giving Gal a try.  You try this place once, you will always be coming back!!