five words to describe this place: These people know their shit.\n\nFor all you serious gun owners, please continue reading.  Make sure you do not have any children sitting on your lap or a dog, they will get poked.\n\nCommon complaints about gun shops.  You have them and I have them, lets run down the list, shall we?  The sales people are assholes and always try to talk down to you, there is NO AMMO, the ammo that they have is extremely overpriced, the guns are nothing but beat to shit AK-47's and Daddy's old shotgun, and there is no selection.  Let's have a look at the Pistol Parlour and see how a gun shop SHOULD be run.\n\nSales staff.  Wow, that is all I can say.  Very patient understanding staff that is happy to answer any questions you have or show you anything they have.  Even if you tell them you aren't going to buy it but just want to look at it.  No problem and they will tell you anything you want to know.  Even with optics, flip-up sights, etc.  Plus they are more than happy to share their knowledge about what they know (and with these people, it is not just a hobby)  I thought I knew everything about AR's.  How wrong I was.  I felt like a kid trying to use my dick for the first time after they gave me their knowledge of AR's.  Even the brand new Ruger SR-5.56 rifle.  Ruger doesn't know as much about that rifle as they do.\n\nNow, this store is small, but I'm sure who ever owns this read several articles in good housekeeping on how to maximize space because for the inventory they have, it all fits and you don't have someone standing on your dick to move around.  Everything you need is in this place, and surprisingly they don't have a lot of junk.  Good quality products and it is organized so you can find what you need pretty quick.  If you can't, someone that works there will show you where it is at.\n\nThe selection.  Take the guns you would find at Big 5.  Got that picture in your head?  Still got it?  O.K., reverse that.  That is the selection you have at the Pistol Parlour.  Again, want to look at something?  No problem, just ask them, they will show it to you.  \n\nYou know when you have that gun store employee that says something like \"Buy a Glock, everything else is shit.\"  This doesn't happen here.  They will give you the info on everything they sell and let you make the decision based upon what works about you.\n\nI know what you are thinking.  What is the catch?  The prices are terrible right, they are a Mom and Pop shop.  It amazes the hell out of me, the prices are very competitive.  Their ammo is at most 1-2 dollars per box more than the huge stores, BUT (here is the huge but) they always have ammo.  Need pistol ammo, it is there.  Need rifle ammo?  Hey, that is there too.  Shit!  I just forgot, I need a magazine that isn't a promag.  HOLY SHIT!  They have it!!!\n\nI'm all up for supporting the independent businesses that keep the American spirit alive provided I get what I pay for and care about their customers.  Ding! Ding! Ding!  Call the pit boss, we have a winner.\n\nI've referred several of my friends to this place.  I always get the same reaction.  Why didn't you tell me about this place earlier?\n\nNormally, I like to make my reviews as entertaining and as sarcastic as possible.  I have nothing. Have been here probably 12-15 times and the place gets better and better.