We brought our standard poodle and lab mix to Partner's for both training camp and holiday stay for ten days. Both of our pups have been to Partner's for their puppy training camp, and have been back several times since. We live about 45 minutes to an hour away, so bringing them up there is a huge shlep, however, from previous experiences, it was worth it.\n\nOur girls have been misbehaving, so we thought let's bring them back during our vacation for a refresher on their manners. When I called to book the girls, the woman who I spoke with recommended that we get them in for the first half for holiday stay, to get them accustomed to being back, and then use the back half of their stay to do training camp. Perfect, I thought!\n\nWhen I dropped the girls off, I spent about 30 minutes going through my dogs behavior and what I wanted the trainer to work on with the pups. One of the office staff members told me I would get to meet our trainer, the other then said \"nope.\" Which is fine, but it was confusing. Anyways, I thought everything was squared away, since we spent so much time together going over what should be reviewed during their training.\n\nTo my dismay, when I picked them up yesterday, I was told that they only got one day of training in, due to their new computer systems. Computer systems?? Needless to say, I am extremely disappointed. We weren't compensated and really no one took responsibility, except saying that it was their new computer systems, and their tech guy was in Spain. Sounds really nice for them, but that dogs are just as misbehaved as when we brought them there. There is a clear lack of communication going on, because of all the time I spent discussing their poor behaviour. In addition, I called twice and emailed to check in on them and make sure things were going well, while I was away. Call me crazy, but you would have thought they would have checked their file, and with their trainer. Doesn't make sense. I don't think we will be going back.