A friend of mine is a promoter for this place, so when she offered a free 3 course dinner I was in! The deal was free for ladies, and $34.99 for men. This included a salad with butter lettuce, parm chz, and a very unique house dressing. A skirt steak and salmon with sides of mash n green beans. Then finish with a mini creme brûlée. I am super weary about pre-fix menus anywhere. I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food. My only real complaint is that I asked for lemons 3 times before they were brought. The salmon was 10x better with em. This place is considered a supper club and I was not quite sure what that entailed. There was a DJ spinning dance classics from all eras. As well as a fashion show that looked like it was straight out Madonna's closet. From burlesque to 80's hooker. There was a singer who was a mix of Nora Jones and Amy Winehouse. She was decent. The overall ambiance and setting was beautiful and entertaining. \nHowever there is a con, my \"free dinner\" ended up being almost $300. We were offered a free drink. Well we had a party of 6 and only got 5 comp drinks. And they were only good for wells, so all the cool classic cocktails they offer like the amazing jalapeño cucumber mint martini- AINT free. My reservation was at 9. And I was also given 2-4-1 drink tix. Couldn't use those either cuz they are only valid til 10. AND I wasn't able to use my free champagne with check in for whatever reason. BASICALLY there is no way you're getting FREE dinner and drinks. I really liked this place. I wish they'd consider a locals menu even if it was only offered Thursday nights such as this dinner. If drinks were half off for locals and our tab only came to $150, I'd return for sure! \nAlso, in other reviews people were saying the service wasn't good and they were not quick enough. I def waited in between courses, but my service was great and I enjoyed the \"supper club\" aspect of it. I think the 2 hour dinner was part of the experience. We got a show, and a gift bag which included make up brushes and a compact mirror. (Which totally broke but was cute)  Our promoter\/friend\/host was able to stop by our table and make sure we were happy. It was all very nice. I even like how 11pm hits and the dance music turns into base pounding hiphop. Had a blast and hope they read these reviews and consider pleasing locals 1x per week versus stuffing there well stuffed pockets.