To date this is the worst drive-in I have been to. Let's back it for a minute though. My wife and I had a goal to see movies at 10 different drive ins by the end of the summer. We completed our goal and the 5 was one of our stops. When we pulled up, I was actually pretty stoked. The sign was big and unique. The entrance gate was a little slow, but not too bad. We went to see the movie ET which was kind of cool that they were showing. I enjoy it when drive-in theaters do retro movies, I think it's even better when such a good crowd turns out. That's unfortunately, the end of my positives, everything from there was mediocre at best. Let's start with parking. I drive a minivan, so it's no surprise that I have to park near the back, how far back however was a surprise. I started to park and some guys the golf cart pulled up shouting that I needed to move, not the best approach, but whatever. I moved back to where they directed me and called it good. This wouldn't have been an issue if it weren't for the fact that 20 minutes later they directed people to park directly in front of us. I don't know why they would use a double parking method, but I literally could not see the screen from my car. I posted a picture of our view if we leaned to see the screen better. Next, we walked over to the snack bar... Except the snack bar was closed. Nobody mentioned that, not the gate, not the yelling guys on the golf cart and not even the little menu handout. We find out there is a second snack bar so we walk over there. The line was out the building and through at least five rows of cars. I get that snack bars get busy, I have seen the line longer at my local drive-in. How slow this line moved was crazy. I would guess I spent 30\/45 minutes in line. We showed up early for our show about 30 minutes, the movie had definitely started before I got back to the car. Let's talk about that walk back to the car actually... They're pretty decent stretches where there are no lights, partially due to the movies now being on. So I get back to the car where we can't see the movie and start snacking, it turns out they forgot one of the items and got both of our drinks wrong. It was my bad for not noticing the missing item, but I feel like the drinks is on them. In addition to all of that, we also had hard time seeing the first little bit of the movie. The lights from the entrance gate as well as the people coming in washout the particular screen that we were on, obviously the later it got the better it got. All in all, I would not recommend the five Drive-In to anyone based off of this experience. It's a real shame because this is the first drive-in that I wouldn't support.