OMG!! This is the BEST gym I have ever gone to!!! :) :) :)\nHere's why this Health Club is the BEST:\n- In a VERY nice area (DC Ranch in Scottsdale, right next to Silverleaf, a housing community with 32 million dollar houses!) that looks like a community out of a book!\n- FRIENDLY staff!!! :) The staff have been nothing but NICE to me and my Mom!!! :)\n- In EACH locker room, there is a huge cedar wood and eucalyptus sauna, a huge eucalyptus steam room, and a huge nice and hot Jacuzzi! \n- The locker rooms are over the top CLEAN, have electronic flushing toilets (so you won't have to walk in on an unflushed toilet!), have spacious and hot (or cold, if you want!) showers with shampoo, body wash, conditioner, shaving cream, and shavers, and the locker room also has vanities with lotion, hair gel, spray deodorant, hairspray, hair combs and brushes in Barb-I-Cide (a hair styling tool disinfectant liquid) hair dryers, flat irons, round brushes, and hair curlers, cotton balls, cotton swabs, cotton pads, and lighted makeup mirrors, The bathrooms have time-of-the-month stuff (pads and tampons and a proper disposal box), and the lockers have keys that lock your locker and you carry around (to activate the locker, you have to stick a card with holes in the locker key place, just ask for the \"locker card\".) \n- The pools are the heated to 86 degrees Farenheit Family Pool, the chilled to 82 degrees Farenheit lap pool with 6 lanes (!), and the splash pad that is on in the summer! There are PLENTY of lounge chairs with either massive umbrellas or shade, and tables and chairs if you want to sit, have a smoothie, and talk with your friends or family. \n- The Veranda Cafe is AMAZING with great food, good smithies, iced tea, ice cream, snack bars, cookies, popcorn, and Coca-Cola soda products. \n- There is FREE, UNLIMITED, COLD, and FILTERED water and ice with cups, life and straws (also for free) available!!! :) \n- There is also FREE and unlimited coffee and Nestle coffee creamer (in Hazelnut and French Vanilla), along with FREE sugar, and lemon juice packets (for your water). \n- There is a kids care center that gives the kids their own mini sport court and an area for babies!\n- The upstairs workout center has treadmills with TV's, a yoga room with a light up blue and \"a sky full of stars\" ceiling, (reference to the Coldplay song \"A Sky Full Of Stars\"!!!) \n- There are also a HUGE basketball court,  racquetball courts, a track, and a full-service Spa!!!\nI would only complain about the steep price (1,400 dollars for the joining fee, and then 250 dollars a month!!!) :(\n5 STARS ALL THE WAY!!! :) :) :)