I had booked this prior to my arrival back from my trip, the sole reason for this was that I knew I would be too tired to drive all the way home and I wanted to be lazy and extend my vacation just a little.  I had wanted something close to the airport which meant less driving for me and more time relaxing after a long day in the air.  \n\nI had called prior to my arrival because I wasn't sure when my flight was landing just to make sure that my room would still be available when I did arrive.  They assured me that it would be there for me and they didn't lie.  Check in was easy and I was on my way to my room.  I appreciate that I was put all the way at the end of a hall, that is until I realized how far away from the elevator I was, but that really turned out to be a good thing.  One thing that I was worried about was being so close to the highway and all the noise.  Even though my room was right there, I heard nothing the whole time I was there.\n\nThe room was set up nicely, well almost.  Where the couch was almost blocked being able to close and open the curtains.  You really had to maneuver yourself around to get them to do anything.  The bathroom was clean and functional.  Bed was big and comfortable.\n\nI liked the TV set up.  You could enter your information for Netflix, Hulu, and other streaming apps and watch whatever you wanted from your account if you could not find anything on that you liked.  I did just that, because they didn't have the best selection of shows on the air at that moment.\n\nCheck out was a bit complicated.  Like most places they slide your bill under the door.  I looked it over and noticed that it said you can check out via your television.  I tried for a solid ten minutes to do this until I just gave up.  I figured I had to pass the front desk anyway.  When I approached the front desk I was told that feature wasn't available anymore.  I couldn't understand why you would give that option if it wasn't available.  If it confused me, I'm sure other guests were confused as well.\n\n**Things to note here.  Bar\/restaurant on premise if you wanted food, they do deliver to the room, but limited hours.  Pool\/fitness area.  Ballroom\/banquet hall available.  Boarding pass kiosk to print that out if you need.  Shuttle service.