She Bakes makes some killer desserts!  They are gourmet dessert bakery that uses all-natural ingredients to set their sweets apart from the routine and mundane in flavor.  They have a selection of specialty cookies, cake pops, and seasonal delights on their website, but also do custom orders of all kinds of delicious treats!\n\nMy favorite thing about She Bakes is the fact that they make their products with outstanding, high quality ingredients.  Void of fillers and words you can't pronounce, their products are truly are sensational!\n\nI was first introduced to She Bakes via some incredible homemade granola.  (Not your typical intro into a small batch, gourmet dessert establishment)  This tropical granola, fresh, clean tasting, and full of honest flavor left me wanting more.   That was when I realized the commitment to fine ingredients.  Still, I was hesitant to try some of their desserts...after all, the owner looks more like a bikini model than a stereotypical pastry chef...what could she possibly know about a great satisfying dessert?...turns out she know a lot more than most.  Their peanut butter & chocolate chip cookies are some of the best around!  Fully satisfying and wonderfully enjoyable!\n\nI would tell you that her products have an active lifestyle slant due to being made from real food, and lacking unnecessary fillers and junk...but I would be afraid that you might think they would fall into that healthy, but not as enjoyable niche.  That is certainly not the case here.  I brought a few dozen cookies to a party where they were devoured and enjoyed by all.  So...yes they are made by the standards demanded of those with active\/food conscious lifestyles...but no your taste buds will not care...in fact they will thank you for the superior taste of high quality, natural ingredients...and yes your waistline will thank you.\n\nOn the downside, they do not have a storefront location with the convenience that offers...so you have to do a little advanced planning.  But I think you'll find it worth it.