Ok. so this is a tricky place to eat. The other reviews are pretty accurate. The owner has his way of doing things and if you don't fit into that way, you'll hate him.\n\nWhen we got there, we were lucky and were the first people there. This meant his attention was completely on us, This is important because this is pretty much a one man show. he takes your order, cooks your food, and brings it to you. But here's the thing, he will pretty much only work with one customer at a time. He wants the entire process to be complete before moving to the next customer. That means if you walk in 3 min after someone else, you have to wait for their entire order process to be be complete. This seemed to be about a 10-15 min wait per customer. To be fair, when you walk in the door, when he addresses you, he tells you that you're probably going to be waiting for 10 min before he pays attention to you. If being ignored for 10 min doesn't work for you, go somewhere else. He won't care if you leave.\n\nI can safely say that, because in the hour or so we were there, he had as many customers leave as he had stay. some would stay for 3 min (knowing he told them 10) then leave. \n\nHe is also very to the point about things. He's not afraid to tell it how he sees it, even if it means you get mad an leave. Example: someone walked in right after they got done smoking. He asked them if they were a smoker. then replied \"I can tell because you're stinking up the whole place\". Needless to say, the guy left. (and if you're wondering, he did stink up the whole place and we were all thinking the same thing the owner said to him)\n\nOk, so the owner can be rude, short, and ignore you for fairly unusual amounts of time by american standards...why the hell would anyone eat here?\n\nThink of it like the soup nazi from seinfield. The food was so good, people were willing to conform to his rules to get his soup.\n\nThe food at City Cafe is that good. 4 stars despite the awkward interactions.\n\nSweet georgia brown was the food good. (the owner's quirks cost him the 5th star)\n\nIf you're willing to wait a while and possibly be insulted to get some really really good breakfast food, then go to city cafe. \n\nAs noted, it is cash only so come prepared.