What a find!  Searching for a car wash on Yelp! to remove the Texas dust we were blessed with on way to Arizona, we found one less than a mile from our vacation condo!  And full service from handwash and wax to tunnel.  Prices from $300-$12.95, most in the lower range.  And then it turns out that they have great food too in a restaurant.  You go through the line and order at the counter, and then they bring your food to your table, all of this while your car is being washed professionally.  The gift shop on the inside is amazing--never have we seen a collection of so many cute and unusual things, from standard Arizona souveniers to original art pieces, and a wide range of prices too.  There are also convenience store items, as well as an enticing bakery at the cash register with many exotic desserts and made-to-order cakes.  My wife kept saying, \"look at this,\"  \"look at this\"...which makes me crazy, but then I started saying the same thing!  We ordered beers (wine is available too), and our food arrived within five minutes, fresh and tasty.  My wife had a Caprese sandwich (frequent readers of my reviews will know she ALWAYS get Caprese when she can,) and I ordered the two meat barbecue plate (the same group will also know this is one of my favorites.)  My plate came with two large slices of beef and a mound of shredded pork (you could opt for chicken as well) and two sides:  I got the cole slaw and tasty baked beans, accompanied by two triangles of French bread.  She had her usual Blue Moon and I tasted the San Tan Hefe, from a local brewery.  The beef was a little dry but made delicious by an assortment of six barbecues:  my favorites were the Low County and the Texas.  We could not resist the desserts at check out:  lemon square for my wife, red velvet cupcake for me.  What an amazing find and just minutes from our condo.  Open 6:00 a.m. and the breakfasts look great, but be warned that they close at 8:00 p.m.  Car was ready and gleaming and waiting for us at the rear of the building through the comfortable waiting area, which we did not have to use.  Maybe breakfast tomorrow after we check out???