If I could give McAdams Dental six stars, I would. I discovered them through Yelp about a year and a half ago and gave them a call.  I was having a problem and trying to get it fixed before my insurance year rolled over. They saw me within a day even though I was a new patient, and fixed me up. I grind my teeth, they crack, they break, etc.  I already had several crowns in my mouth and Dr. McAdams added to the count. He's great -- fast, meticulous, has high standards and a great chair-side manner.  And he's FUNNY, which makes going there a pleasure.  And I have gone there A LOT. \n\nA few months after I became a patient there, my allergist discovered that I have a severe contact allergy to gold. I'd had a gold crown in my mouth for a decade and the alloy making up most of the rest of my crowns was something like 40% gold. The allergist said they ALL had to come out.  Dr. McAdams was amazing.  He called my allergist while I was there and talked to him to make sure he understood what materials could be used.  His prices are reasonable to begin with, but he cut me a huge financial break on replacing the crowns he had just installed because he felt bad (and how great is it to have a dentist who cares about you and has that kind of ethical sense!!!).  And, as we ripped most of the metal out of my mouth over the course of a few months, he kept me laughing.  I now have a mouth full of zirconium crowns and they're perfect.  \n\nUnfortunately, having the gold crown on the molar caused some complications and I ended up needing two root canals -- one on that molar and the other on the tooth next to it.  The first was done in July and Dr. McAdams' new associate looked at it on a film last week and said, \"That's a great looking root canal.\"  I'm not even slightly surprised.  Dr. McAdams was an engineer and is a perfectionist.  The other one is partly done and I can tell you it has been PAINLESS, completely painless.  I could not be more impressed.  And I think they've done almost everything to me that dentists do. (I shouldn't say that. I'm knocking on wood. LOL.) \n\nJamie is awesome, the best hygienist I've ever had.  I saw Sara this time due to scheduling issues and she was great, too.  I miss Candace, but the new assistant last week was great.  And the girls at the front desk, Terry especially, feel like family to me after all this.  It's like seeing old friends every time I go in.  We talk and catch up.  I even had my 9yo daughter there for one long appointment waiting and one of the other patients, a professional magician, did magic tricks for and with her.  It's that kind of place.  Top of the line, affordable dentistry along with great people, laughter and a little magic.  I feel like they're my best kept secret, though I tell everyone I know to go there.  \n\nThey are, quite simply, the best. The. Best.