So completely overrated this place should be the poster child of overrating. Not only is the service slow and awkward they are gonna one up you every time and tell you that you don't know s%#* because you thought a Michalada was only with tomato juice in it and they just happened to reinvent it into two flavors. Blow it out your egg hole you big white rooster.. A Chilada is lime and salt. A Michilada is tomato, lime, salt and a Clamato is Clam, tomato lime and salt... Stop calling your two drinks by one name and we'll never have this argument again!!!!\n\nI love it when reputation goes to their heads. This place is mediocre in so many ways but the sheep keep coming. First of all the Breakfast Burrito is grilled tortilla filled with the most mundane stuff just like Taco Bell. The grilled burrito at Taco Bell is only $3 and much tastier BTW. If this guy learned to cook  in Mexico City it was probably opening cans at an elementary school.\n\nI find it hilarious that each server no matter when or who I am with will try and convince me of their roots in Mexico City when I don't even ask.  This is the 3rd time I have visited this establishment. This morning my take out for a burrito and a torta (sandwich) took 20 minutes. I could have been through 4 betos drive thrus in that time. The flavor of the burrito was almost canned or frozen in taste and has the exact flour grilled taste of the Taco Bell Grilled Burritos. Just down right bland!\n\nDid I mention these items cost $8 with tax? I got a torta for my daughter. Usually when I imagine a torta I think of a toasted fresh bun with grilled meats to a crisp and egg and flowing yolk, avocado, tomato, etc etc.\n\nThe White Rooster must really be white because this egg and chorizo torta after sitting in a take out box for 10 minutes  tasted exactly like an American sloppy joe with an egg thrown in the middle. Please??? $8???\n\nThe steak tacos are very good and I do like the Guacamole but the rest of what I have tried I just don't get it. Good luck to them, I hope the criticism will help improve the place. Focus on Service, flavor, and manners.