Omai was my last meal in Toronto. I've never seen \"temaki\" before and it seemed like a great place to have lunch before my long drive back to NYC. When the weathers nice they have outdoor seating but my friends and I chose to sit by the bar where we can watch out rolls be made. During lunch time it wasn't too crowded but they do take reservations.  I went during their lunch hour which is from 12-3. \n\nThey have different lunch sets which are a great deal! I chose to get Pick 3 $18 where you get to choose 3 different temaki rolls except for uni. Although, you can substitute one with uni for an added cost. They had so many different types of temaki it was really hard choosing! I also wish I had a bigger appetite and chose their pick 4. \n\nI chose their octopus (6), scallop (9), and salmon temaki (7). Before starting the meal they gave me an amuse bouche of croquettes that contained butternut squash and Oka cheese served with house-made nori aïoli. This was delicious! They have this on their regular kitchen menu and if you get that it'll come with 3. I paired my meal with one of their sakes. The sake list does a good job with describing each sake.\n\nThe octopus temaki came with jalapeño green olive salsa verde. I was surprised by how much octopus was actually in it. I love eating octopus and having it in a hand roll was fun to eat. They Hokkaido scallop temaki came with compressed green apple and creme fraiche. I don't normally see scallops in a sushi like roll so I thought it would be really interesting. Again, I was surprised by how much they give you! The king Salmon temaki was with maple and daikon. All the temaki's tasted so fresh! My friend ordered a bunch of their uni items and she told me it was one of the best she's tried. \n\nIf I worked or studied in this area I would be at Omai all the time for lunch! I'm interested to see what their dinner menu is like because it looks more extensive. I don't think this is a great spot for a big group but it's really cute for a date night.