Thinking I found a great new jewelry store to do business with I took  my white gold and gold wedding band in to be re-engraved for a family member. The band has a raised vine design in gold with black antiquing to make it stand out. When I picked the ring up I noticed that all of the black antiquing was gone. When I questioned the owner (Patricia) as to why it was all removed she said it wasn't antiquing but rather dirt that was accumulated and all she did was clean it with a toothbrush. I informed her that it was antiquing as it was purchased that way and was that way when I brought it in. She said that the gold will oxidize over time and turn black again. A ridiculous statement coming from the owner of a jewelry store that supposedly has been in business for 50 years. Gold does not turn black over time like sterling and some other metals do. When I asked her what they used to antique with she said a type of paint or some other product that she didn't know the name of (this is the owner mind you). She said they just tried to antique something and it didn't work because she thinks the product was old so they were ordering new (huh?) I said is it liver of sulfur? She didn't know. I said do you know what liver of sulfur is because it will not antique gold. She did not..again, this is the owner. I asked if they would have a black rhodium plating done on the gold and she just said they don't do that and I'm sure she didn't know what it was anyway. She just kept insisting that she only cleaned it with a toothbrush and that it was just years of accumulated dirt. Berning's states in their profile that they \"take pride in providing both value and education about the jewelry you're buying\" yet the owner seemed to not know some very basic facts like gold doesn't tarnish and turn black! This would make me wonder how much \"education\" they are able to provide. \nIt is my opinion that if Patricia was interested in keeping a new patron she could have easily done so by taking care of the issue instead of arguing. Consequently,  I had the ring antiqued with black rhodium plating at the Arizona Diamond Center and it is once again, beautiful. They did an excellent job for a very minimal amount of money. I buy a lot of jewelry but I won't be buying it from Berning's.