So I have seen Reese for 3 years and exclusively at her own salon for about a year and a half every 8 weeks.  I considered her a friend.  She recently opened a new, bigger and better location and had several contests on her FB page to promote the new location.  I had mentioned on her comments that I was hoping to win so my daughter could have her hair dyed for the first time.  This was brought up at my next appointment and Reese offered to do it for free, very generously, as long as she could do before and after photos or a video.  I eagerly agreed!  Save possibly hundreds of dollars and my teenager gets a great cut and color?!  Heck yeah!  After my appointment I tried contacting her through text, phone calls, and FB messages (through the salon page and her personal page) to schedule an appointment.  No response.  She would post that she had a last minute cancellation, tried to scoop one of those up even though I would have to take my daughter out of school for it.  No response.  Finally, I sent a text asking if maybe I misunderstood her offer and apologizing if I did.  Letting her know that if she can longer do it because she did just open a new location, to please just let me know.  I understand that she would be giving up her time that she could be making money with a paying client, and product, and that is very important because she needs to make money to pay her bills.  I 100% understand if she would have to take back the offer.  Life goes on for me, no biggie.  She has had to reschedule me last minute a couple times due to family stuff or a client came in with way more color correction than she anticipated, stuff like that, and I have had no issue with it.  \nThis was over 2 months ago that this all started and I still have not received any type of response, positive or negative, about her offer.  This is not how you do business with clients, let alone a loyal client who was guaranteed income for you.  \nAnd to top it off my last cut, she never washed my hair, even when she mentioned that she would do it after my cut.  She cut my hair with the product I had in it from styling my own hair at home.  I was confused, but hey, I'm not a stylist, what do I know?  \nReese ghosted me worse than a guy on a Tinder with commitment issues.