The food and service here is delicious and straight to the point! I can't rave enough on what an incredible dining experience we had here. Another yelper commented on how the restaurant and ambiance reminded them of being in San Francisco and I agree. I definitely didn't feel like I was in Vegas anymore. I loved the restaurant's quaint and modern design but I especially enjoyed the charming ambiance on their roof top dining area, the booths were very comfortable and there was just the right amount of lighting too. \n \nNow, let's get to the good stuff: the food! \n \nThe crispy chicken skins arrived with a side of smoked honey for dipping = insane! Honey Boo Boo, this thing is real good! The skins were seasoned expertly and fried to crazy, crispy perfection; I couldn't get enough of that airy, crunchy skin - it wasn't even oily. Don't even get me started on the smoked honey -delectable- you can bet your sweet life they were meant to be eaten together. It's a must-order and for $6, the portion was perfect for two.\n \nWe also went all in on the bacon jam with baked brie and grilled baguette at $12, It's the most popular item on the menu and now I know why. It came out bubbling hot and was incredibly bacon-y, jam-y, brie-y, salty, sweet and, yes, it was pretty darn magical.\n \nTo offset the naughtiness that is crispy chicken skins and bacon jam, we also ordered roasted young beets with pistachio, mandarin orange slices and goat cheese at $8. The beets were roasted till perfect tenderness, naturally sweet, and the dish was simple but very tasty. It was the perfect option to complement the richness of the bacon jam.\n \nWe also grabbed an order of the black rice and oxtail risotto with Parmesan cream for $14, though, we thought it was way too cheesy (if that's even a problem?) Based on the menu description, we were expecting more of a smoother Parmesan cream-like consistency, but we ended up with more of a dense, stringy texture. Our waitress was wonderful and could tell that we weren't too thrilled with the consistency when she checked on us, so she generously offered to replace the dish with something else that we would be able to enjoy. We decided on the rabbit ragu with spaghetti squash and Parmesan at $12 - everything on this dish was seasoned very well; I also really enjoyed the light tomato cream sauce and the perfectly cooked spaghetti squash. Surprisingly, the overall dish wasn't too heavy. I personally wouldn't order it again, (rabbit is just not my thing) but my boyfriend went to town on it and really enjoyed it. \n \nI'm completely satisfied with the level of service and care that we were offered here. They went above and beyond to make sure we were happy with everything we ordered, plus the simply tasty food is well worth a quick return! I can't wait to come back and order some more of those chicken skins all to myself!