St. Viateur Bagel Shop proffers an admirable simplicity. Bagels (mostly sesame) are served warm from a giant metal sluice that sits next to a table where an aproned man whacks and shapes dough he then shoves, on large trays, into the oven (whence they spill forth via the sluice). There's a refrigerator case stocked with bagel-angled groceries: many varieties of cream cheese, two or three of capers, half a dozen smoked salmon options, and several salmon spreads; a few jams, butter, and some stuff we failed to note. There's another small refrigerator with non-alcoholic drinks. \n\nThe drawback is that the bagels suck. \n\n\"Suck\" is too strong, but we'd been advised that Montréal's bagel scene rivals New York's, and that turns out to be a lunatic's delusion. In flavor, this dough isn't far from a simple street pretzel. What a street pretzel has that these bagels lack, of course, is a thick pelt of salt. Any flavor you get at St. Viateur comes from that refrigerator. The bagels give you a warm smooshy vessel for salmon, cheese, jam, etc., thus fulfilling only the most rudimentary function of a bagel. \n\nIt was late, though; we had played a show and everything else was closed; and so we fell onto the St. Viateur bagels like half-starved hyenas stumbling across an unguarded scrum of newborn kittens (must happen sometimes). Given the strictly-takeout nature of the spot, that meant huddling around a tiny ersatz picnic blanket of paper bags on the sidewalk out front, scooping and spreading cream cheese and sawing salmon with little plastic knives no stiffer than stir sticks. \n\nThere's something attractive about the rudimetary nature of these bagels. Like inchoate little vertebrates crawling out of the sea on their journey to articulated limbs and teeth and wings, St. Viateur's product arouses in the modern mammal an instinctive gratitude. That's not to say, though, we'd ever elect willingly to shed our teeth and thumbs, our poppy seeds and garlic and swirls of pumpernickel.