OMG WHERE do I begin?  Alert, Alert, Alert!!!!!!!  I have gone to elegant nails a few times, never all that impressed but never any real problems so I kept going back because it was close to my home and convenient.   I don't complain unless something is extremly bad so here it goes: my daughter is  graduating from the 8th grade, we wanted to both go in and get manicures and pedicures so I drove there, went in and made an appointment in person as i know it's busy during graduation time.  (the elegant nails next to CVS) on Carmel Rd.  Anyway,  the book was WIDE open, may times available so I made an appointment for both of us at 5:00 (after school) no one was in there when I made the appointment and no other names where in the book for that day.  So, at 5:00 on the dot my daughter and I arrive at Elegant nails.  The woman behind the desk said, \"Megan, right?\" I said, \"yes\"  my daughter and i picked out our colors and we had to sit for 1\/2 an hour because it was packed!  First of all if someone has an appointment and is ON time I think it's only right to take those people prior to just walk ins or what is even the point of making an appointment?  We finally sit down, feet in the water.  We sat for another 20 minutes, no joke.  I told the woman there my daughter wanted the \"special SPA\" treatment for $45.00 and I would get the regular one for $35.00  We discussed this numerous times as different people kept coming up to her.  Finally, they come to me and not my daughter.  NOW GET THIS, no joke..A \"walk in\" with no appointment comes in and said she had to be out of there by 6:00 (very demanding) then she said actually before 6, it is now already after 5.  so the woman that just started on my daughter's pedicure stopped and walked over to the other walk in customer and said, \"don't worry we will get you out of here fast\"  Anohter staff member goes up to her and gives her a manicure while she was getting a pedicure with my daughter just sitting there like no one cared.  The woman getting her nails said, \"I can come back I don't want to take you away from the girl (my daughter) they said, oh, no don't worry about her\"  I wanted our time to be the same so we could leave at the same time.  I as so mad I finally said \"we had an appointment and she didn't.  I don't want to be done before my daughter and have to wait for her and how I didn't think they acted inapropriatly  They're not speaking in English so I could not understand them but they basically ignored me. They finally go over to my 13 year old daughter and just started polishing her toes! I said\" excuse me doesn't she get her feet wrapped in warm wax?\"  you get that for a NORMAL pedicure and she wasn't getting that at all and I told them she wanted the spa version.  One of the ladies working there looked at me and said, \"this is because we are busy\"  I said, \"well if you are too busy don't make appointments for anyone or tell me before you decide you are not giving her the proper manicure, they didn't even rub her leg for a second.  In the meantime I am looking around the room and people were getting full on massages, neck, arms, hand, all relaxing with their eyes closed.  The she put a clear coat on my toes and I said, \"Oh so you are not going to give me a massage either?\" Again We are busy\" I said, \"this is enough and I told my daughter to come with me we are leaving.  I told them I am not paying them for polishing her nails and i walked out the door.  One woman tried to approach me but I just kept right on walking.  Bottom line is making an appointment there doesn't matter, they are over-priced, they don't care, they don't listen, they are unorganized, they work really slow and they lie.  Please save yourself the agrevation I had today and don't  go there.  We wound up doing our own nails because at this point it was getting late and My daughter asked me to take it off for her.  WE were sitting on her desk and had numerous paper towls under her hands, the nail polish remover lead through the paper towels and now her new pottery barn desk is ruined and she is very upset. Thank you Elegant nails, I wish I could give you minus 5.  Overpriced too!  Please don't go there!