Located at a semi-famous strip in downtown Toronto, with a good dozen restaurants in a row.  They all look so nice, especially at night, are usually pretty busy, with tiny patios in the front for the summer.  (apparently this one and others also have rooftop patios but you can't see them from the street so I always forget to try them).  I'd noticed this place before, never having heard a word about it from anyone.  What made me decide to try?  Driving by that morning, knowing we had to pick out a restaurant to bring an out-of-towner with similar taste as myself, it just looked right.\n\nAtmosphere:  Semi-dark, modern, chic, simple.  Some cool\/unmemorable decor.  Long & narrow in shape.  I'd guess 20 tables?  I did not venture toward the back room though, where it's possible it's bigger.\n\nService:  \nUpon walking in, we were greeted before the door even hit us in the ass.  Good.  Noticed the place was empty: questionable.  (Sunday at 5:30pm roughly.)  The waitress must've been experiencing her first day on the job, because she had someone (manager?  senior waitor?  owner?) attached to her hip.  He mentioned if we need to use the washroom, we'll have to go across the street since they don't have one.  For a split second, I believed that.  It was a joke.  But a great way to start off on the right foot for just arriving.  He said we had our choice of any table we'd like, so we opted for the one right by the window.  When he took my wine bottle order, he offered me a straw.  Total straight face hilarious.  He actually did then bring the straw, a 2-foot one for my bottle.  :)  I tried to drink from it for fun, but couldn't reach it to my mouth without spilling the wine at that angle.  Service during the meal was just as great.  When it got past the dessert time, after about two hours, I'm guessing unfortunately the guy went on a break or was busy elsewhere because the girl didn't come to our table to bring the bill for a good half an hour?  We had to go up to the cash to ask for it and then she was all smiles approaching us, without realizing the delay was bad.  This threw in the face of the superior service the rest of the visit.  I give it the benefit of the doubt that it was just her inexperience and won't let this affect me going back.  If it happened a second time, I'd question it....\n\nMenu:\nYummy veggie spring rolls for appetizer (the prices are not listed on the online menu unfortunately).  I don't remember how much they were, but guessing something in the $8-12 range?  More or less, I'd be surprised.\nApparently the NY strip loin was good, but nothing extraordinary.  Nice size, cooked okay, mushrooms & peppercorns on top.  Good veg primavera linguini.  It's hard to screw that up if you ask me though.  Dessert was the best part: S'mores roasted on skewers at the table over our own little burner!  Handful of marshmallows, graham cookies, thin chocolate pieces with heated caramel to pour over it. \n\nGo back???  Definitely.