Since you folks were contracted by a tour company to take us to The Price Is Right in L.A from the Northwest Valley in AZ, I can only review you based on the service we received from you and not the horrible service we received from the Tour Company. It is unfortunate that proper communication did not happen between you and the tour company and to the passengers you were taking. You could have pursued a bit more getting information from the tour company, didn't seem to bother you that you also did not get correct info to even relay to the passengers. My husband and I were your passengers along with 6 others, we all were strangers but made friends. Luckily you were able to get a phone number to call us when we were already waiting for you in a different pick up area that the tour company did not tell you about, so that was off to a real bad start right there. We found the van but it was not marked at all, no signs on it at all. If this is a real business company you should have a sign on your vehicle. Brandy our driver said it is not a bus it is a van,she said she is not the tour guide just the driver but on the hand out it said your Driver\/Tour guide is Doug, not present, it was Brandy his wife. There was nowhere to put any bags, it was an 11 passenger van and there were 8 of us plus driver, no bag space, told to put the bags under our legs. NO leg space!! This was an 8 hour trip, 16 roundtrip to\/from L.A. . We were jam packed in this thing. Some of the bags went on the empty seats and a big tire iron was in the middle of the floor. The van was filthy, garbage in all the seat pockets, filthy floor. Seats were ripped up,seat belts did not work, VERY UNSAFE! The passenger door did not close right, the stripping kept coming out, and the A\/C did not work, severe heat was coming out and it became hot, was told after driver maybe figuring out what it could be, that going uphill it goes off. Can't imagine if this van went on trips thru the high desert heat. Hitting bumps the DVR was flashing and lights inside flashing. Made lots of noises, had dents inside and out. Driver said the vehicle was maintained recently. This vehicle was no way worthy of being on any roads at all!  Let alone this company being responsible for its passengers on trips. SAFETY FIRST! Should have been off the road a few years ago. Driver Brandy mentioned this would be the last trip for it! That made us all feel real good! There were seniors on this trip who did have issues getting in and out which was not easy at all. Was strange going thru the border checkpoint, maybe if a company sign would have been on the van, the agent wouldn't have asked questions. He did see 8 passengers in this packed van. She did not take us as promised in the flyer  to all the places that were mentioned. Passengers were asking to stop for dinner in Hollywood, like it said in the flyer but that was a bust also, just took us back to the very bad hotel in a bad area, which was provided by the tour company and we paid for, but again, still not taken to where we supposed to be taken. Maybe Brandy was tired and just wanted to end that day journey. You must remember we all paid for the tour and you were to get us to those points that were promised. Instead all we did was drive by's of whatever she could show us from the van. Advice to you, first do not deal with that tour company any more, second do not put unsafe vehicles on the road!