This is the first time for me to eat a Vegetarian meal, so please note that the review is based from a meat-eater perspective. The restaurant is quite small so remember to make a reservation, as the wait can be 15-30 minutes.\n\n*Drinks: \n-Sweet Ginger Tea with green tea, raw ginger and maple syrup - $5: I don't like ginger so I didn't taste this, but my friend enjoyed it and she had a sore throat coming, so this helped to calm her throat :). \n-gojiccino -$5: a cappuccino-style beverage made from pure goji berries. I LOVE this drink. Surprisingly it doesn't taste fruity. The taste is very unique: naturally sweet, taste like a mocha but with a herbal finish. \n\n*Food: \n-poutine -$8: The portion was huge! I enjoyed this dish but unfortunately I couldn't taste the cheese. For me the cheese curds are a big part of poutine, but again this is a pure vegetarian poutine, so I can look past that. The fries were thick and I believe they were baked, but I wished they were a bit more crispy though.The gravy is made from smoked mushrooms and it was not too heavy, quite light and very smooth.\n\n-bbq burger - $12:  The onion rings were well cut, not like the skinny pitiful stringy type of onion rings. They were coated with puffed quinoa batter and fried (or baked?), really crispy and delicious! I didn't get to try the burger but my friend loved it.\n\n-Buddha Fresh Bowl - baby size with soba noodle - $11.50: quite disappointed with this dish. Luckily I chose the baby size too, as the normal size would have costed me $17. The tofu steaks tasted like cooked meat. The marinade for this dish was on point and it was cooked to perfection. The peanut sauce overpowers the ingredients and made the dish really heavy. I suppose the fresh vegetables (tomato, cucumber, bean sprouts) were supposed to cut down the heaviness of the dish, but it did little to nothing. My friend tried it and she agreed that the dish was really heavy as well. Furthermore, the soba noodles were overcooked and turned soggy. In my opinion, the soba noodles should be cooked, rinsed and served cold for this dish to work. Because the noodles were hot and sat at the bottom of the bowl, the noodles continued cooking, while soaking the peanut sauce, which made the noodles soggy. I ended up eating the tofu steaks and picked pieces of vegetables to eat lol.\n\nOverall, while my experience wasn't good, I would come back and try other dishes. If you don't know what to order, I recommend ordering the burgers and quinoa onion rings. Although these are vegetarian dishes, they really fill you up and most dishes are tasty, while being nutritious :).