I came here with a small group of four on a Friday night, and we ordered two rounds of the following cocktails (some repeats, some not):\n\n - Emerald Gimlet (Too much basil for me. Felt like I was drinking a green juice.)\n - Pink Panther (The peppercorn syrup and lemon just didn't taste good to me.)\n - Beauty Elixir (Refreshing. Would order.)\n - Earl the Pearl (Perfect for me. I ordered two.)\n - Bubbles & Berries (Also refreshing. Would order.)\n\nWe also ordered several small plates (multiples of some):\n\n - Tuna Poke Wonton Tacos (WOW. I could probably demolish three orders of these. The tuna was so fresh and the tacos were so crispy. They're so good and would definitely order again.)\n - Pearls of the Sea (Beautifully presented and quite a bit of food. Everything was fresh and delicious. Would order again.)\n - Roasted bone marrow (I love bone marrow, but it's always tricky ordering it to share when your party has first-time marrow eaters. Not an easy plate to split, so we ordered a second. So rich and buttery that I'd certainly order it again.)\n - Grilled cheese, smoked bacon, & tomato soup dumplings (I was highly skeptical when we ordered this, but I became a true believer once I tried it. I can't believe how flavorful the dumplings were and that they were able to put all the flavors into a little dumpling but keep each one distinct. You weren't having a mix of grilled cheese and tomato soup flavors--you were having each distinct flavor plus smoked bacon in one dumpling. Would order again for the taste explosion.)\n - Oven braised chicken meatballs (Solid and delicious. Juicy and tender and worth ordering again, though it's pretty hard to mess up meatballs at this level of restaurant, so it's almost average compared to other dishes.)\n - Chile relleno empanadas (A delicious counterpoint to our other orders. I don't know if I'd order it again because there were so many other interesting items on the menu, but it's worth having at least once.)\n\nService was excellent, and it helps if you come in a group of reasonable size--smaller is better. The venue is dimly lit and the background noise from other tables can be overpowering. We were at a four-top and I had to strain to hear my friend sitting across from me. I don't recommend this place for large groups, especially large groups of hungry people. It's a tapas-style restaurant, so unless you'll fill up fast, you might have to spend a lot to eat a lot.