This is the restaurant Les Deux Singe de Montarvie with a different name and a different decor. No more pictures of monkeys on the walls lol. The owner, chef and staff are all the same. \n\nThe first time I went to Les Deux Singes was a few years ago and it blew my mind. The second time I went I was less impressed because the menu was Asian fusion and I didn't like that. Nonetheless I was excited to come back and try this restaurant under a different name. It definitely lived up if not surpassed my expectations!\n\nI got the Warsaw cocktail which was so good! It contained vodka, calvados, apple juice, rosemary syrup, lemon juice and bitters. I was worried that the rosemary taste would overpower everything else but it wasn't the case. It was strong but also a bit sweet but not too sweet. It was perfect. \n\nBasically there's no food menu and you have to choose either the three, five or seven course tasting menu. We chose three because choosing the five course meant getting two extra veggie courses which did not appeal to me whatsoever. Plus $45 for a three course meal is a steal! It's like going to a fancy resto during mtl a table! \n\nBefore the first course we got an amuse bouche. Basically it was a slice of beet (aka beet carpaccio)  with marscapone on top and caramelized hazelnuts. It was so delicious! I only eat beets because it's healthy but if beets were always cooked this way I probably would eat a whole lot more of it!! Plus I love when I get extra stuff besides what is written on the menu. \n \nNext came the duck ravioli with foie gras sauce and a mushroom tapenade. I think there might have been some spinach in there as well. This was my favorite dish of the night. The pasta was so fresh and the sauce was so rich. \n\nMy boyfriend's favorite was the next course which  was the veal with blue cheese on top and grilled veggies. The veal was actually pretty thick and it melted in your mouth. I personally love blue cheese but for those of you who don't, don't worry it doesn't have a very strong blue cheese taste. The veal was amazing! The grilled veggies however did nothing for me. \n\nLastly my boyfriend ordered the île flottante dessert which was $8 extra. It was like a fancy banana split but the bananas were sliced up and they were at the bottom of the plate with ice cream, pomegranate and a caramel coulis on top. This was definitely the better of the two desserts. I had the dessert that came with tasting menu. It was a slice of pineapple with pineapple sorbet and dark chocolate ganache. It was very pretty to look at. It wasn't bad but it wasn't amazing. It was a bit too much pineapple overload for me. Considering everything before it was outstanding I expected the same from my dessert even though I'm not really a dessert person to begin with.  \n\nThat being said I would definitely come back. It's such a cute little restaurant and the food is delicious and pretty affordable! The menu changes every 2-3 months. Go if you haven't already!!