It's been over a month since I bought my car and I still haven't gotten the second key I was promised. Originally, when I was looking at the car I was told there was one key. When I sat down with the finance guy he gave me a key replacement plan that said I was getting two keys. Before I signed he said they would make a second key for me, because it's required under the plan. Before leaving, I told the sales associate what I was told and asked when the key would be ready, because my work and class schedule leaves me limited time. Over a month later I still don't have my second key. \n\nThe sales associate Dale never returns phone calls when he says he will, he claims the finance guy that promised the key no longer works there, and to make matters worse, last week Dale claimed he didn't know anything about it and asked me to fax my copy of the form to him. He claimed the original was at their headquarters. The next day he tells me he has the form, but that finance guy is no longer there so he wants me to call the number on the key replacement form and claim I no longer have the form. I said that's fraud- you want me to claim I no longer have something I never received, that you all agreed to supply. I told him I will not commit fraud for you or your company. \n\nFurthermore, before this conversation, every person at Nissan I spoke to before this said that my sales person, Dale, needed to put the order in and to wait until I received my title in the mail. Not once did they say I needed to file a false insurance claim. \n\nDale called that evening and said Eli, his key guy, would be calling me to come and make a copy of the key and that Eli would bill him. Considering this is over a month later, with the bulk of it being trying to reach Dale (never returns calls, never calls when he says he will- except when I said I would come in. Then he would call to keep me from coming), I asked how long should I give Eli before calling you (Dale). He said 24-48 hours. That was Tuesday at 5 PM. It's now 10:03 PM Thursday night and I never got a call from Eli or Dale. \n\nThis experience has been frustrating and the I will never purchase a car through this dealership or any of their other locations again. I will tell all my friends, all my colleagues, and all of my family about what a horrible and unnecessary experience this has been.