I have been going to this sham\/ghetto club for a year and a half and I know all the ins and outs of that club.  Rude, unprofessional management, unprofessional entertainers.  There is more than one escort working there.  There is a male entertainer stage name: Enrique who has obsession over me.  I fired him off twice, not only I fired him off twice, I reported him to the management and he got half of the performers there involved to talk to me.  Go get help.  I was harassed by him where I had to get cops involved.  I spoke with the four cops before the incident that I fired him off twice and he still wants to talk to me, the three or four cops said that there appears to be obsession that you fired him off twice and he still wants to talk to you.  There is this sixty year old geezer (Real Estate lawyer by the name of William) who is the owner's friend said that none of this sounds normal and what I am saying about him is valid, is not unlogical.  The owner said to me that he does work for the club.  I would like to know what work he is doing for a strip joint because I have never heard of a lawyer who does work for a strip joint.  This high end pimp\/escort\/stalker stage name: Enrique, is fucking around with a transvestite cocksucker b*tch.  She looks like a transvestite.  He goes around checks the corners, then in the end he goes right back to her whispering stuff into her ear.  He is saying, I'll call you, you'll call me so she can go to his house and fuck.  I would like to know how much she is paying for his escort\/sexual services.  I do know that she is not his high paying client.  This high end escort\/pimp\/stalker, stage name: Enrique wanted me in his pants, did not get what he wanted so he would do deliberate things to piss me off in the club so I don't go there.  He once said to me the amount of dances that you are paying me is not enough to cover his long distance bill.  What does the dance have to do with long distance bill?  The high end pimp\/escort\/stalker stage name: Enrique used to make sexual favours against me saying, I like you, I'm in to you, everything is all good what do you want now, look at the balloon.  I think we all now what balloon is made up of.  You are not here to make sexual remarks towards anyone, get to know anyone there or get on with anyone.  Your job as an entertainer is entertain the audience, sell your dances and go home.  Not when you take a customer home, fuck a customer.  I heard all sorts of things about strippers and what they do so I am well aware of what job is all about.  There are lots of irregularities going on in that club.  There is no doorman, no security where having a security is part of the regulation.  There are no rules written in the VIP area where in these kinds of establishments someone said that there are rules in the VIP area.  There is no coat check.  I got robbed from that sham\/ghetto strip joint.  My genuine leather gloves were stolen.  There are thieves working there.  That club hires escorts, criminals.  There was this male entertainer who said that he tried to sell a gun in the States and that he has a criminal record.  What kind of police clearance are you doing that there is an entertainer sitting there with a criminal record?  Numerous complaints were made to the management and the high end escort\/pimp\/stalker is still there.  Some of my stalkers is from that sham\/ghetto club.  Someone showing their genitalia one would question somebody's standards.  The trolls are going around saying that the high end escort\/pimp\/stalker stage name: Enrique were sexually involved where we never sexually involved.  He would not have sex with you for free.  I am not there to get fucked by anyone there.  If I wanted to get fucked there, I would have paid the hundred dollars and gotten fucked there.  There are people getting fucked in that club.  I have seen obscene stuff going on in that club that's why I stopped using the VIP lounge\/booth for over six months.  For those that like to play with their balls and suck their dick, go to the VIP.  For those that love the stage and they have a strong stage presence, hit the stage.  The stage divas.  The trolls are slandering me to the cops saying that I worked there, where I never worked there and to some other people and that I run a club where I don't run any club whatsoever.  I don't know how someone can go and make all these kinds of allegations not knowing the severity of these allegations.  The trolls are saying to the cops that she needs a boyfriend, she needs attention.  If I was some fat ugly chick I would understand why I would need attention or I would need a boyfriend.  That William sixty year old geezer even once said that you had quite a few talks going about you in that club.  When a cop called left a message on that high end escort\/pimp\/stalker's voice-mail, he did not return the cop's telephone call.  I know his licence plate number.