I don't even know where to start! Not only did my three year old loved his first visit but I didn't even want to leave because of the cool themed rooms they had in that office. One was like an aquarium and another was a Safari, I wish I could've peeked at all the rooms but they were occupied. Unfortunately my phone died so I was not able to capture any pictures of the awesome rooms....why yelp gods does this happen to me?!!! I must be prepared next time! \n\nWe were welcomed by a front desk medical staff with a friendly face, Claudia, and led back by a dental assistant, Amanda. From start to finish I was so very pleased by their phenomenal service. Amanda is so good with kids and so is Dr. Galada. I was even able to video call my husband since it was my son's first visit and even though he was at work he got to be there virtually.\n\nClaudia is the person with all the financial information for services and insurance coverage breakdown. I love being assisted by someone who is compassionate about their job. They are all compassionate people here.\n\nMy son was excited to get a special toothbrush from the dentist today but he got more than just that. There was a flat screen that pulled out in front of the dentist chair and my son was able to watch a movie (Madagascar) while he was having his teeth cleaned. They had a treasure chest for the children to pick out a prize after their visit. What a great experience for any child, especially it being their first visit. \n\nWe cannot wait to go back in 6 months for another cleaning. If I didn't have any insurance at all I would still bring my son into this office. They are what they say they are, \"Affordable\"! The breakdown cost for a service that my son's insurance will not cover yet is still affordable out-of-pocket. \n\nThis is their only Kids' office that they have here in Las Vegas.  No matter how far I move one day, as long as it isn't in another state you can bet your bottom dollar I would still come here. \n\nThank you 'Affordable Dental for Kids', you have made today's first visit so pleasant!