I came to this salon to get my hair done and I received the worst customer service ever!  They quoted me a two hour time frame and it took them five hours to complete my hair.  I purchased a voucher off of a deal site for $30.00. When I got there, they said they had to charge me an extra $60.00 to get my hair done. I think that is ridiculous because my hair is not even that long. Then they left me with hair dye stuck in my hair for over 2hours.  I've been dying my hair for years and know that is not right. I confronted the salon and they told me high quality dye can be left on the hair much longer. I actually know this is not true. The salon did not even put dye on the ends of my hair.  Next they moved me to the sink where they splashed water with hair dye into my eye. My eye began to burn and they told me this wasn't a big deal. They left my hair for over 30 minutes for the dye to Colour the tips of my hair which had not received Colour until this point. Now the dye had been on my hair more than 2.5hours. I was really annoyed because I was going to an event and needed to get my nails done and my hair should have been done at this point. When I told the salon about this, they told me it doesn't matter how long your hair takes but you will look good when you leave. I told them I still had to get my nails done and do my makeup. They said that doesn't matter as long as my hair looks good. Then a customer who appeared to be a relative of the stylist started yelling at me telling me it doesn't matter how long you are in the salon...  The point is you will leave looking fabulous. Okay... Well maybe her time isn't valuable but my time is and I had my afternoon planned accordingly to get everything done. This lady claimed she had been in the salon for 5 hours but she doesn't care because he hair looks good. \n\nFirst, the salon should have stopped this relative from yelling at me. Second she has no right to tell me I shouldn't care about my wasted time. When I was younger I would get a manicure, pedicure, dye, highlights and an up-do all done in 6 hours. I don't think I have unreasonable expectations. If you are quoted a certain amount of time they should not double the amount of time. That is unprofessional. While they had hair dye on my head for 2.5hours the stylist was serving other customers. This salon is really unprofessional and I do not recommend them at all. I was terrified my hair would fall out from leaving the product in this long. This is horrible service. \n\nThe purpose of a deal site is to provide customers with exceptional service so they will become loyal customers. It seems Ruffles was just looking for a way to make money quickly without caring about the people walking through their front door. This is a shame considering how convenient the location is. I will never go here again! If anyone has a recommendation of a great place to get their hair dyed, styled and cut in the area please let me know.  My amazing stylist quit working where I used to go and I'm looking for a new salon. Ruffles is definitely not that place. Time to keep looking!