My experience at the Fat Ox was a mixed bag of good, bad and just awful (I got food poisoning from their Scallops). The evening started out great, our server Eric was great and seemed attentive (initially), he walked us through the menu and gave some recommendations of what dishes were great and gave a couple cocktail recommendations. He took our order and then basically disappeared the entire evening outside of us flagging him down for a cocktail and the very very seldom \"everything good\" check-in. It kind of seemed like a lot of other staff were picking up his slack.\n\nPer Eric's recommendation I tried the Navigation cocktail which is made with ketel one vodka, chamomile, lemon juice, Chartreuse. It is served up with an egg white foam on top. The cocktail was great but the bartender gave me a cocktail full of ice chips which was frustrating and really took away from the cocktail. I personally find it super unappealing and frustrating to get a cocktail with bits of ice floating when the drink  is meant to be served up. I also tried their Sicilian Sunset (Stoli vodka, Lillet Rose, passion fruit), I really enjoyed it. It was sweet but not too sweet; I found it to be pretty perfectly balanced. I would for sure order that again. \n\nNow on to the food, we ordered the following items from their 4 course price fixe menu \n\nAntipasti:\n:: Calabrian Cauliflower, Barolo Salami, Fennel and Arugula\n:: Bellweather Farms Ricotta, Prosciutto, Shaved Trumpet Mushrooms and Hazelnut\n\nPrimi Piatti:\n:: Ricotta Cavatelli, Pulled Chicken, Rosso Vin Cotto, Caper, Olive and Almond\n:: Squid Ink Linguine, Fennel, Tomato, Pork Sugo, Preserved Lemon and Bottarga\n\nSecondi Piatti:\n:: Short Rib Alla Vaccinara, Barolo Agrodolce, Celery Puree, Charred Broccolini\n:: La Belle Farms Duck Breast, Horseradish Creamed Leek, Potato, Blackberry\n:: Maine Diver Scallop, Fregola, Cotechino, Preserved Lemon, Almonds\n\nDessert:\n:: Gianduja Grangelico Tiramisu, Roasted Banana, Espresso Gelato\n:: Meyer Lemon Semifreddo, Lambrousco Strawberry. Chiffon\n\nFor the first course, I really enjoyed both dishes. The Cauliflower was really the true standout, the Bellweather Farms Ricotta was delicious but I felt like it needed some form of texture. The prosiutto and the shaved trumpet mushrooms had really similar constancies and I just felt like they got lost a little bit in the ricotta, it needed some salt too... It would have really benefited from a sprinkling of some Maldon salt. \n\nFor the second course both the Ricotta Cavatelli and the Squid ink linguine were both perfectly cooked. The Ricotta Cavatelli was my favorite out of the two dishes, just a ton of great flavors going on in that dish. The Squid ink linguine again kinda lacked flavor, it really kind of fell flat. The couple of squid rings served with it were super overcooked as well.   \n\nFor the Second Piatti, the Short Rib again was the standout - I felt like I was eating my friends dinner more than mine. They were perfectly braised, fall apart delicious, I wish they had served more of the celery root puree with it! \n\nI initially got the La Belle Farms Duck Breast, but it was so overcooked that honestly it was almost inedible and (again) lacked any flavor. They basically cut up a couple of blackberries and put them on the dish and there wasn't really any sauce to try and add to the duck. Thankfully, a server (not ours) saw that I wasn't really eating the dish and asked if I was enjoying it. He was kind enough to bring me a replacement dish (the scallops). As soon as they brought the scallops out, they smelled fishy and when I tried one they tasted SUPER fishy. Fishy smell and taste with a shell fish is never a good thing. Lo and behold last night.... I got SICK. \n\nThe deserts were good, the Tiramisu was great but the Meyer Lemon Semifreddo didn't have any of that tart lemon flavor. \n\nSo some of the dishes were great, the portions were adequate - not huge but not tiny like some people have suggested. We did have bouts of great service, but unfortunately it wasn't from our server. Eric was MIA most of the evening, we hardly saw him and when you have a missing server it really is just a bummer. It takes away from the meal, but that's me... I'd eat mediocre food all day long if the service is amazing. I am bummed that I got sick from the scallops, kind of a bad way to end an evening. \n\nWould I come back... I don't know. It's hard to look past the super spotty bordering on bad service and getting sick at the end of the evening. But I am intrigued because some of the dishes were great and I would be interested in trying more (maybe not order fish in the future? IDK).