Just back from my second-ever trip to Las Vegas. We stayed at the Venetian and had only a so-so experience. We arrived to check-in at about 4:30pm, well after the 3pm check-in period. Our room was not ready; we were told housekeeping was working on it, it would be ready very soon, and would we mind getting a phone call when it was ready? \n\nWe said OK, put our luggage in temp storage (a convenient touch, no? Only it cost us an extra tip to the bellman... petty to complain about perhaps, but hey, it wasn't our fault the room wasn't ready). An hour and a half later, no phone call. My fiance went to check the status and not ready, not ETA. We gave it another 15 minutes and then were back in line to complain. While in line, we experienced multiple people ignoring the lines and just walking up to the counter... on several occasions they weren't turned away by the hotel staff, who seemed to think line jumping is \"OK\"... the patrons waiting in lines didn't find it so... and that includes those in front of and behind us. \n\nOnce at the counter we voiced our frustrations and became insistent that our room be readied immediately and that we be compensated for our troubles. Miraculously, a room \"became\" available and we were offered $50 dining credit (which, it turns out, was noted on our account but not actually added... we had to call back at the end of our stay to have the credit applied; we'll see if it actually happens this time). \n\nMy second big issue is that they turn off the smoke ventilation system in the wee hours of the morning. I'm a nonsmoker and this is a problem for me. The smokey smell accumulates in the room during that time period (about 3 hours starting at around 3am)... it accumulates to the point that we could smell it in our bath towels. While expect to smell smoke in the casinos, I don't expect to smell it in my nonsmoking room and I CERTAINLY don't expect it to be so bad that it is in the towels and in clothes that were never out of the suitcase. \n\nWhile overall the room was lovely, I don't think I'd stay there again: too many other options, including at least 1 hotel right on the strip with no casino, which means no smoke.