Thankfully I only stayed one night there and after arriving and waiting in line to check-in for almost 40 minutes, directions to our rooms were given to us. Directions that lead us to no results since we got lost. The layout of the casino and hotel is extremely confusing and is not intuitive at all. \n\nFinally we made it to our room and noticed a weird smell in the air. Not that of dead prostitute or cold tobacco thankfully, but it was rather funky and we had to crack the window open to freshen things up.\n\nThe room was decent but far from great. It was clean at least but the beds were a bit soft. The internet wasn't complimentary either and was something like $8 per device which I thought was rather expensive, especially in this day and age; at least it was fast.\n\nAlthough I'm sure that Circus Circus, at some point in time, might have been a nice play to stay at, it seems very beaten up and is now just a tacky, worn out and in dire need of rejuvenation kind-of-place. It's pretty bad in there and almost creepy. Looks like it hasn't been touched since the 70s or something and the casino floor is another great display of where I would not want to spend a dime. It smells bad and the croupiers are creepy looking.\n\nThere's a Krispy Kreme donut shop and a few shops on the lower floor and they have an entire part of the building that's under a giant, ugly purple down known as the \"Adventuredome\" where there's some kind of theme park. It was closed when I tried to scout it out, possibly because it was past 10PM. It didn't look all that great.\n\nAs far as food options go, there's very little that they offer .There's a buffet but it looked terrible. We settled for Rock & Rita's for our breakfast and it was not all that great. There's a few bars but most of them are lame and past their prime as you'll be able to tell when walking around the place for over an hour around 10:30PM-ish.\n\nIn many ways, this place could be used a set for a sequel to Steven King's \"IT\" movies or something. It's definitely creepy enough. Maybe they should just blow it up and build something else there. It might actually improve the value of the land and Circus Circus seems to be past it's prime... Way past it.\n\nI doub that I'd ever want to stay there again. There's many better options and most have a better location since Circus Circus is at the very beginning of the strip.