Oh Pizza Pizza, you have lost my delivery business for sure and most likely my walk-in business as well.\n\nI really don't even like Pizza Pizza's pizza but sometimes it's just convenient. Especially late at night. Especially when you are in the middle of painting and it's pouring rain and you just can't be bothered to go out. That's when I call for delivery.\n\nI placed my order and was told that there was no time promise and it would be there when it was ready. Ok. That's fine. I had a few more walls to get through anyhow. I'm hungry but I'm not going anywhere. I asked them to call and let me know when they were on their way so I could go downstairs and let them in - no buzzer. The guy on the phone said that he would note that on the order.\n\nSo away I'm working and my stomach is growling something fierce. I check the clock to see that it's been an hour since I placed my order so I call to see what's up. \n\nI give the guy on the phone my number and he double checks it then informs me that there is no order with that number. WTF?!?!? He offers to replace the order. Ummmm, no. I told him that I'd already waited an hour and I would just go to Wendy's so to forget it. Grrrrrrrrrr. At that point I was already ticked.\n\nAbout 20-minutes later there is a knock at my door. It's the driver with my order. Apparently the original phone guy input the wrong phone number. So the driver is expecting me to pay him. I asked if that was the same pizza that I'd ordered over an hour before and he said yes. I told him I wasn't paying $25 for cold pizza, sorry. He said ok and left. \n\nNot that I was expecting it for free but really?! A gesture could have been offering it to me for half if not complementary for their screw up. At least that would have ensured me giving them another shot and feeling good that they cared to make the mistake right. But no. Nothing. So I guess the guys back at the shop got to eat my spinach, tomato, mushroom, and onion pizza. Or maybe it went in the trash. Either way, a total waste of my time and their product. Fail.