This place has been on my Bookmark list FORVER. Well, a least a year when I moved to Phoenix. The dim lights reminded me of a favorite lounge\/bar in Kansas City that I loved. I finally was able to go here last night with my fiance and another couple and had a great time. \n\nWe found a parking spot really easy on the west side, same parking lot at Starbucks and Pei Wei. The front door is actually on the 7th street side so I was a bit bummed I didn't get to go up that fire escape staircase. It reminded me of something out of a big city but the wooden stairs inside, up to the bar did the trick.\n\nWhen we got upstairs about 9:30 on a Friday night, there weren't too many people there but it wasn't dead either. We didn't notice any waitresses or any other staff, just two bartenders. Both saw us walk in, neither of them greeted us. We tried taking a seat at the hightop near the bar. The seats were a bit uncomfy so we opted to move toward the front in the lower white chairs around a small table. Much better. We sent one person up to grab menu's since none were on the table. We all ordered something different, I personally had to try the White Rabbit after the rave reviews and it definitely was yummy. Really yummy! Everyone enjoyed their drinks. And on top of that, I thought the prices were super reasonable for a place like this. I think mine was $8 and they all stayed about that price range. We ordered two different rounds, each time having to make it up to the bar to order. Neither bartender smiled but did ask us about our evening so maybe they were just a bit grumpy? I guess maybe not everyone is a 'smiler' but it would have gone a long way. Service was fast and accurate. The drink pours are pretty strong so I felt a little uneasy about balancing our two drinks back to the table for the second round. Are there typically no waitresses here? I'd gladly tip one generously to not have to make that trip every time I want a drink and have to leave my peeps and our conversation. It was a bit warm and the faux leather chairs were pretty hot but the rest of the place was as great as advertised. Fantastic music, great art, great lighting and a great vibe overall. The place wasn't overly loud so you could actually talk to your friends without screaming, which is a rarity in a bar. I did make a visit to the restroom and its a great bathroom! Clean, modern, big and they even had nice toilet paper! How often do you see that at a bar??!? Happy camper here! Just before leaving at 11:30, one of the bartenders came over to clear our table of empty glasses. Looking around, I noticed everyone tables were jam packed with empties. They could definitely use a person to bus the tables. \n\nOverall I really liked this place. I could LOVE it if it was a tiny bit cooler and they hired a waitress to bring over our drinks and a busboy to keep things looking their best.