I believe Carlson Creek Vineyard Scottsdale Tasting Room on Marshall Way can be part of a fun night at the art walk or just part of a pleasant unhurried evening out for your self or marvelous for a fun night with a group.  I normally wouldn't have any contact with a business like this. I don't drink wine or alcohol.  However, they have chosen to support a cause that is near and dear to my heart, I have been there twice now.  They do have drinks that are nonalcoholic so if you are a nondrinker like me you could still go with friends and enjoy it. In my opinion, this tasting room is what should happen when a new business is done right.  Slightly edgy but they don't lose sight of what they are all about and that is to give people a great experience with wine. \n\nYou can get a chance to go and taste the different wines from an Arizona vineyard, Carlson Creek.  The manager is one of the family that owns the vineyard so you are really learning what they have to offer from someone who can truly give accurate information. He also gives wine education classes.  Be you the budding connoisseur or someone is knowledgeable, I think it would be interesting for you. \n\nToday I was I was going to buy a bottle of wine today for a Christmas party and found out that to get really the best choice there were more things involved than I would ever thought of.  So, I will find out and buy a superior choice instead of just any bottle of wine.  A nice feeling to know what I will give as a gift might just be that much better than anything they have received from me before.\n\nAs to the cause that is near and dear to my heart.  For the first three months that they will be open they are featuring art for sale that is done by people that are in recovery from behavioral health issues.  I understand that some people that walk in think it is a gallery they are so impressed by the art!  The prices are very reasonable for the quality of what you will see in my opinion.\n\nOne other thing...I don't know much about the price of wine so I am going to say moderate.  I will call and find out what they have to say.  Some of it might be pricey???  The Carlson Creek wine I was going to buy was only $23, which sounded reasonable to me.\n\n\nI am going to end this review by quoting their website.  I admit to not being a wine person.  Maybe it can tell you something, I can't.  If you go, Have fun. \n\n\"With tasting rooms in central and southern Arizona, guests are invited to try a selection of the Carlson Creek catalogue while learning not only about the wine making process, but the evolution of Carlson Creek and the Arizona wine industry.\n\nEnjoy a selection of the Carlson Creek wines  and purchase bottles to take home with you. Part of the Carlson's philosophy is that wine should be enjoyed at the customer's pace, which means tasting room staff are attentive, accommodating and ensures one will never be rushed.\n\nAll tastings also include a take-home insignia glass.\"\n\n\nThursday through Sunday  (I think these hours are right)\n12 - 8 p.m.\n\nScottsdale Tasting Room \n4142 N. Marshall Way\nScottsdale, AZ 85251