For how this park was revamped and the cool climbing stuff and spray pad, I give it a 5 star.  It's gorgeous.\n\nHowever, I give the people that go here and make it look like a trashy, ghetto place, I give you a 1 star.  We don't live near this area, rather in Gilbert and I've been spoiled by not only beautiful parks, but also the people that go there also have good behaviors overall.  They don't just throw there trash anywhere, but actually use the trash bins.\n\nWe did leave because there were people that looked up to no good and people smoking wherever we went.  It was a beautiful evening, but the fact we couldn't breathe because of all these people smoking.  Frankly, I don't have to deal with smoking at the Gilbert parks.\n\nJust because you may not have a lot of money, may be poor does not mean you have to act trashy, toss your trash anywhere and everywhere.  Here the city pumps in all this money to try to make the area look better, but without people acting better, in a few years, this place will look dumpy also.  What a shame.\n\nWe saw this plate of cake just sitting there on the sidewalk.  What the heck?  It wasn't a small piece of cake, but nearly filled the plate and looked partially eaten.  Who on earth would eat a piece of cake that is 6\"x8\" big?  You can pick up the plate and walk it over to a trash can if you don't want it?\n\nThere were cigarette butts strewn near the play areas and the climbing areas.  That just sickens me when people feel it's okay to smoke those nasty cancerous sticks near areas where children play.  And, some of the people climbing on the rope things, they just had rude behaviors.  \n\nSo, basically we encountered more than we'd like ghetto behaviors.  So kudos for the city for trying to revitalize this place, but people with poor behaviors, leaving their trash all around, throwing their cigarette butts everywhere, they really bring down the place.\n\nThey should have fines for people who throw cigarette butts on the ground and trash fines for littering.