It was time to replace the tires on my 2005 Scion tc so I called Big O since I had a good experience with Bryan from a past oil change. Spoke to Garrett, very nice guy, and told him I wanted Kumho 4XII's since I am a loyal Kumho customer and had done my research on the exact tire I wanted (plus there was a $100 manufacturer rebate available). He said he could have them there the next day, but wanted to advise me on another tire that was cheaper and in his \"expert opinion\", better. He wanted to sell me Sumitomos. Now, Sumitomo owns Big O. They also own Falken tires, which was the previous tire I was talked into and purchased (from another Big O). Now, I don't know if Garrett actually believes the Sumitomos are really better or not, but I know I HATED the Falkens (HORRIBLE rough, noisy ride that only lasted 12,000 miles) so I wasn't going to be swayed from Kumho this time. Seriously, for the money, you won't find a better tire (I can't speak for their touring tires, but I've had several sets of performance tires and I've been 100% satisfied). My car drives so nice with the 4XII's... like SILK. So I brought my car in at 9:30, was told it would be an hour, including an alignment. I decided to hang around since that wasn't a very long wait. Unfortunately it ended up taking 2.5 hours (they should have called me), but they made it right by waiving the cost of the alignment I needed, so that was great. Also, the road hazard package was more than I wanted to pay ($100), so I had that taken off. When I got home, I saw that I was charged $31.80 for a Tire Pressure Sensor Rebuild Kit. I happen to know that my year of car did NOT have that system, so I called to have that refunded. If you get tires, be sure to check carefully what you're being charged, because that initially snuck by me. All in all, they were extremely friendly and pleasant to do business with. I'm not sure I trust them 100% though. I may go there for oil changes in the future, but will probably buy my tires from TireRack here on out and pay Sears $100 to put them on. TireRack includes Road Hazard coverage, but it can be a pain to submit a claim.