I highly recommend Red Rock Painting.  Ralph came out timely for the estimate and what made his company stand out from the many bids I received from other companies was he was able to replace some rotted wood fascia boards and repair a wood door frame that was chewed on by one of my dogs years ago when they were puppies.  He did not have to sub out this work and involve a separate contracting company which requires extra time and expense.  To my surprise most painters don't do this type of work and a few did not even have a contractor they could refer.  Not only was he competitive on the painting bid, but the fact he could do this extra work with his own paint team and not sub out is really what sealed the deal.  It made Red Rock a one stop shop for my exterior painting needs.  Ralph also includes a 5 year warranty on the paint so you know he stands behind his work.  They were also able to start the job the following week.  Some painting companies told me they were booked until June.\n\nThe unexpected bonus I received once the job started was Ralph assigning his team of Nacho and Juan to my project.  Not only were these two gentleman polite and not intrusive at all when working on the job, but they finished on schedule, cleaned up their work space each day, and the kicker, DID NOT WAKE UP MY 2 AND A HALF YEAR OLD DAUGHTER who naps in the afternoon.  All three days they were working on my house, they made sure not to work outside my daughter's bedroom during her nap times or in the morning before she woke up.  Anyone with little ones knows how frustrating it is when your child gets woken from their nap.\n\nIn conclusion, my house turned out looking phenomenal, there were no surprises when the final invoice was presented, and the job was done on time.  Nacho always confirmed things with me during the job to make sure there were no mistakes and that everything was done to my satisfaction.  He also walked the entire house with me at the end and touched up some minor areas that were missed. \n The fact that they can handle extra repairs that normally need to be outsourced to a contractor is a huge plus and really sets these guys apart from the competition.\n\nThere are many painting companies out there, but only one Red Rock Painting and I would definitely use them again.