My 4year old asked if she could get her haircut so I brought her here. The lady we had was very rude. She was very short with my daughter and not \"kid friendly\". My daughter wanted her haircut to above her shoulders. When the lady said she was done I noticed there were obvious pieces that were longer and I asked her to fix them. She then got out an electric razor to apparently fix the pieces and used it on the rest of her head\/neck. She told my daughter it might tickle. My daughter was being very still and cooperative up until this point and was very distracted watching her movie. When she started using the electric razor my daughter started occasionally jerking her head and the lady was getting very short with her saying \"stay still it only tickles\". After about the 4th jerk my daughter starts crying (very unlike her!). At the same time the stylist said she was done. I got my daughter out of the chair and noticed multiple cuts on her neck. No wonder my daughter cried, she was being cut! The stylist didn't stop to look at what she was doing or if she was cutting her, instead she kept telling my daughter to stop moving it only tickled! I then told the stylist she cut her and this was the only time I hear a \"kid friendly\" voice come out and she said \"oh I'm so sorry\" and she put some powder on her neck. I then proceeded to pay full price for this traumatic haircut. At home I still had to fix my daughters hair as it was still very uneven. I notified the manager of this event through the website and I got an email back saying she will speak with her staff about the situation and to please call her or email her with anything further. She did leave her phone number but no email (it came from a \"do not reply\" email so I could not just reply to it). I wanted to send her the pictures of my daughters neck so I called to talk with her on the phone and get an email address for her but never got a call back. I am so disappointed with the whole situation and the lack of being able to contact the manager. I will not be going back here! I will post a picture of my daughters neck in the photo section.