I had a great experience at Parkway Honda. I had recently been in an accident and the car was written off by the insurance company. With a meager settlement in hand, my husband and I walked in to Parkway Honda to look at a new (used) car. We were met by a dealer named Dillip. He was very informative and quick to show us a 2011 civic that would suit our needs. We took a test drive around the area and felt like the car would be a good fit. Dillip sat down with us and we filled out the paperwork. As a homemaker applying for a loan we figured that it might take a little extra work to get approved for financing. In came Cory. He was excellent at helping, explaining and really, going the extra step get us approved and financed! Cory was constantly in touch with us throughout the process, via email, phone calls etc. Once the approval came, and were given the dates to pick up our new car, Cory made a couple of follow up calls just to let us know that it was a pleasure working with us. Dillip called us the day before to let us know everything we would need to do (get license plates transferred, pay for the deposit, etc). He told us we would be signing with another associate named Amber and wished us all the best. When we finally were able to pick up the car, approximately a week later, we met and signed with Amber. I have never met someone more chipper and upbeat! You'd think you were signing a winning lottery ticket. We got our copies of all the paperwork, signed for the car, and drove it home! Overall a great experience with the Parkway Honda Company. \n\nThe slight down side of the whole experience was with Enterprise Car Rental inside the Parkway Honda location. I had rented a car to get out to Parkway Honda, when I arrived I informed the Enterprise employee that when I was finished signing the paperwork I would return the rental (drive it to the other side of the parking lot). He said that was fine, and that he'd be there. When I was done, drove the rental over, I walked up to his desk and there was a sign saying that he'd be back in 5-10 minutes. I waited, then sat down. Then 20 minutes later, I walked back up to the desk to continue waiting. As I stood there I heard 3 separate intercom pages for him to call or come back to the desk and there was no response. At 25 minutes, I walked to the Honda employee desk and asked what I should do. She was very helpful and tried calling the various locations that the Enterprise man would \"clean the cars\" . There was no answer for her phone calls or responses. Finally around 30 minutes he returned. I jokingly said \"your sign should say be back in 30 minutes\" his response was not apologetic but rather curt saying \"its the sign I put up every time\" (I was not insulting the sign! Rather the inaccuracy of it!) \n\nBut again, Parkway Honda = awesome. Especially if you might have special circumstances with credit, job history, etc.