I'm a huge fan of the Marriott brand and was excited to try a Delta hotel as I had never stayed at one before. The Toronto skyline is magnificent and the Delta hotel is part of the collection of skyscrapers that anchor the southern part of downtown. \n\nMy dad and I had a hell of a time getting here due to traffic and incorrectly placed map signage. Not their fault at all - once you get up by the hotel itself, it's not hard to navigate. They offer valet and self parking options. We chose to self park and go up. If you choose to self park, you won't be going through the main entrance and won't get the stunning view of the hotel. You'll find yourself in their lounge area tucked away on the right that sells the beer from across the street. Once you make your way through it all to the front desk, you're greeted by an appropriately-staffed front desk. There's nothing that irks me more than a large hotel that doesn't have enough people to check guests in. On my visit, I was checked in promptly and given a lake view room on the 34th. I know people are all about the lake view, but given the hotel's location and height I think just about any high floor room would give you an excellent view. As with most hotels this height, you'll find that half the elevators service one portion of floors while another set services the other portion. I understand the thought process of this but it's never fun when 3 elevators for the other section of the hotel comes down before yours.\n\nThe room had a stunning view as expected. We walked into a room that was half full on luxury hotel and full on looking like the Marriott namesake renovated rooms. The new style of Marriott rooms have this weird configuration that doesn't include a proper desk. Instead there's this awkward chaise lounge that no one really signed up for. Luckily, this room did not include that. It did have the low riding bed and the shower door opening so that you wouldn't get wet until you were actually prepared to do so. The room still included the desk and chair that Marriott really shouldn't have gotten rid of in the other brands.  \n\nWhile the room was gorgeous, it didn't seem very functional. Although the original build of the shower was nice, the door itself had problems staying close. My history with these types of showers tell me it's a design flaw rather than the room itself. The room service menu was on the tv and wasn't marked clearly so it took awhile for me to find it. It's a cool direction that hotels are going in with making it available via your tv, but it doesn't help if you're not used to that and it's not screaming HEY I'M HERE! to you. I didn't really enjoy the low bed design but the bed itself was very comfortable. \n\nThere are an unlimited amount of seating places within the first 3 floors if you're waiting on someone or you need a place to do some work that's not your room. They have two business centers but one only is available during certain parts of the day. They don't have the times listed but they have multiple signs listed to get you there. It's not very convenient considering the size of this hotel. The other computers are located in the lobby so if you're doing more than just printing a few things it may be a little uncomfortable. \n\nI really enjoyed the location of the hotel. It was the absolute perfect place considering I was there for a Maple Leafs game. I was able to walk to multiple areas around the city and the game itself without walking outside. It was January in Canada so I can't begin to explain what a plus that was!\n\nI would definitely stay here again and recommend it to anyone that is going to Toronto. The room was clean and spacious, the hotel itself is gorgeous, and the location cannot be beat. The little things I mentioned don't necessarily need to be fixed; I'm just a picky old lady. I would be more than happy if someone booked me here again!