CONS:\n-FOUR different property managers in ONE year - For the year that I lived here, I had 4 different property managers, and none of them seemed to communicate any information to each other. I had to submit the number to my parking space 4 different times. I never really felt like this place had it together. Of all the managers that I had, the worst manager was Cynthia. Any time I seemed to have an issue with my apartment, she would get super annoyed at me and be like \"ok whatever.\" I was just sort of like \"ummm isn't this your job?\" lol. Sometimes, Cynthia would just disappear for weeks. I was in a constant state of DOES ANYONE WORK HERE? It was like I was living in an abandoned apartment building. lol. \n-Stolen packages - My packages kept getting stolen from this place. I was always afraid to have anything delivered. I would monitor the exact time that the packages would be marked \"delivered\" and walk downstairs to find that they weren't there. When I'd ask Cynthia about checking out the security footage at these times, she refused. So either the security cameras are not real or Cynthia was stealing my packages. Either case seems bad.\n-Train noises - I lived on the side of the building facing the water (away from the trains), but I could still hear and feel the trains as they went by. I can't even imagine how bad it must be for those who live on the side of the building facing the train.\n-Construction issues - For example, my sliding glass door to the patio had openings in it that I could physically put my finger through to the outside. I would find that these openings provided a gateway for all kinds of insects and rain to get in. I had to plug them up with paper towels, just to keep the bugs out. One day, there was a huge rainstorm, and my living room flooded. When I reported this, the property manager said that all of the apartments had the same issue, so it seems as if all of the sliding glass doors have these openings, not just mine.\n\nPROS:\n-Brand new apartments - New appliances, new floors, new carpet, new everything. So you're not going to find any wear and tear from past residents.\n-Not a lot of residents - This may sound like a CON, but it's not if you're into less noise. When I first moved here, it was less than 30% occupied, and it also felt that way when I left a year later. I couldn't hear any neighbors around me (probably because there weren't any...lol). \n-It's right across from the trail where you can bike, run, walk, etc. During the summer, it's great.\n-It's in the South Side, without being IN the South Side. You don't hear all of the drunk people roaming around South Side, but you can definitely walk to it if you want.