I'm a Gordon Ramsay fangirl as much as the next person, and after a good experience at Steak this was next on my list to try. Prior to seeing the O show, BF and I came here for dinner on a Friday night- not thrilled that they don't take reservations so the line wraps around the corner for a predictable 30 minute minimum wait. But the hostess was super sweet and the wait went fast.\n\nBEER BATTERED MAUI ONION RINGS: The cheddar-ranch dip made this dish for me, but wasn't enough to save the rings for my guy, who felt they were overly breaded and not crispy enough. Wouldn't get again but loved the sauce.\n\nHELL'S KITCHEN BURGER: asadero cheese, roasted jalapeno pepper, avocado, and oven roasted tomato. Looked a bit more delicious than it actually tasted, the jalapeno is a kick in the mouth that is quickly quelled by the cold, creamy avocado and roasted tomato. Wish it came with more than one roasted jalapeno, the first bite of combined flavors was best, the rest only had one or two of the featured ingredients and came off as bland.\n\nFARM BURGER: duck breast bacon, english sharp cheddar, and a fried egg. The egg makes this, but everyone else seems to say the bacon makes it. I'm not a huge bacon fan but expected to be converted by this one. Not so much. Egg yolk plus medium-rare burger was delish, cheese flavor was lost and overpowered by the other ingredients.\n\nTRUFFLE PARMESAN FRIES: After the 'rings ordeal, I didn't think we needed another side but BF insisted. The order is enormous and even with our large appetites we did not come close to finishing. The truffle parm and truffle salt don't hold a candle to the amazing truffle aioli. \n\nSHAKE #5: coffee shake, chocolate pudding, \"praline cookie\". Served in one giant glass with two wide boba-style straws, this was a tasty treat. Liked that it wasn't super sweet. Praline cookie is more of a wafer without much flavor.  \n\nOVERALL:  Food didn't quite live up to the hype: bummed there isn't a mushroom burger with cheese on the menu, for the two burgers we did order, the cheese was understated. Would customize a burger on a future visit, subbing chantrelle mushrooms for the tomato on the Euro burger. The burgers are solid, and the beef is great quality, but I expected better.\n\nShout out to the hostess, who was super sweet, brought out a menu to view while in line, was the first of two staff to recommend the HK burger we ended up getting.