The Hoover Dam is an immense and fascinating structure - it's no surprise that many consider it to be one of the top manmade wonders of the world.  From the outside, it's a gigantic concrete shell with deco architecture.  But what goes on inside?\n\nThere are two different tours, as many other reviews have mentioned - one is longer and more expensive than the other.  What the Bureau of Reclamation's website does not tell you is that they don't run the longer full tour (which explores a few additional passageways) in inclement weather.  So when we visited on a grey and drizzly day, the only option open to us was the shorter power plant tour.  \n\nWe started with the typical tourist-trap green-screen photo-op, viewed a 10-minute film, and then went down into the bowels of the dam in a pair of large elevators.  There were two major stops - the large \"penstocks\" that move an insane volume of water through the dam, and the giant room with the generators.  Our tour guide was pretty quirky - he had a strange rhythm of speaking that started every sentence slowly and then ended it so quickly that it was just a jumble of words.  Seriously, this guy was a sketch comedy character if I've ever seen one, wooden pointer stick and all.  At the end, you go back up and can spend as much time as you'd like in the Visitor Center and the viewing deck.  Your ticket also gets you into the original Visitor Center, which has an awesome old-school lights-and-sound show that explores the Colorado River and its series of dams.  I don't think a lot of people visit this building, but it's pretty cool if for no other reason than the meticulous models of the topography and landmarks of the western United States.  \n\nThe structure of the tour seems somewhat backwards - the film would have much greater impact if you saw it at the end and got the big picture of the Hoover Dam's history and benefits.  It's also a tour that focuses entirely on the positive aspect of the dam and doesn't really address the HUGE environmental impact of \"taming\" the Colorado River.  But I suppose it's no surprise that a government-run tour would be full of pro-dam propaganda!