Initially, I was drawn in by hunger but it must have been all the colorful decor of cute cartooned cows that grasped my attention.  My fiance and I sat at the bar\/lounge area because we wanted quick service so please note I'm only reviewing my experience at the lounge area.  They still offer the dinner menu.  \n\nFood and Drinks: \nAhi Sliders \nSteak Fries - comes in pail \nMiller Lite Beer - poured from can\nSpicy Bloody Mary \nBloody Orange Cosmo \n\nThe Ahi Sliders comes in 3 and were presented just like any regular red meat sliders.  I thought it was fun to have Ahi Tuna in slider form.  The buns were sweet and easy to bite into (kind of reminded me of King's Hawaiian Bread) and inside the buns, there were Asian-styled pickled veggies (carrots, cucumbers, etc).  It also came with chilli mayo sauce if you like your food on the heavier side.  I did not find the sauce a bit spicy.  5 stars for just the steak fries!  I mean, how were each single fry perfectly seasoned, warm, and crispy?  I hope it wasn't just luck that we got the most perfect tasty fries.\n\nI started off with a Spicy Bloody Mary (peppered and cilantro infused).  It really was spicy and I do have an insane tolerance for spiciness compared to others.  As for the bloody mary part, it was okay.  The Bloody Orange Cosmo was a great way to cleanse my palate.  It tasted fresh just as it appeared.  I felt that they were generous with the amount of alcohol that came in both cocktails.  \n\nService:\nI lose track of the date and time in Vegas but it must have not been during prime dinner time because we immediately sat ourselves but towards the end of our meal\/drinks, I noticed it does get really crowded.  Really friendly and prompt staff!  Our server would give us her personal input on our selection and because I liked everything I got, her comments felt genuine.  \n\nOther notes: \nWe sat in individual lounge seats - comfortable and roomy.  You can also view the game playing at Cosmo's Sports Book directly across if you get the exterior seats.  When we were ready to leave, I asked if we can take our drinks across in order for my fiance to finish his sports bet games ... our server was kind enough to pour them into plasticware.  Later during my stay at Cosmo, I learned that you can easily access this side of the casino right off the 2nd floor of the guest elevators.  \n\nIf I stay at the hotel again, I would definitely given Holstein's a second try!  I will try one of their burgers and other cocktail selections.