Like many think of their loved ones, I think of the love I have for the biscuits I had here.  The true love I experienced is like none other.  Do you love that I've started with the bread options here?? \n\nSo seriously, this buttermilk biscuit is just beyond! It's made with chives and has little cream cheese surprise inside.  Served warm. Are you dying just by the description?!  Anything with cream cheese in it is divine if you ask me....I shoved in four.  No lie.\n\nI had heard a lot of hype about this restaurant.  It's funny because when you think of American food, what do you think of?  I think burgers and fries.  But make a food presentation fancy looking and you've got a fancy restaurant.  \n\nWe tried the swordfish appetizers, which came out split between two plates.  I actually liked that because I can get greedy with my appetizer and not share, so it made things equal!  The app was good, but it wasn't amazing.  My scale goes from gross, ok, good and amazing.  This place was definitely not gross or just ok.   \n\nMy main dish was very good.  I got the day boat scallops + pork two ways.  The scallops were nice and crispy, just the way I like them.  I was not thrilled with the risotto.  Granted, there was no false advertisement that it  was pearl barley and not a creamy based risotto I usually enjoy.  It just didn't have any taste, it was just....there. \n\nThe pork belly, which was described as the part of the pig that bacon comes from, was amazing!  I mean, bacon, hello!!  The homemade sausage was also really good.  The cabbage underneath both meat options was very very tasty.  I was much more into that than the risotto. \n\nRemember that you MUST have a reservation!  It's very tiny inside, so I'd doubt you'd be able to walk in and get sat within 2 hours.  The place itself is very cool.  It was very cozy inside and had a nice intimate feel.  Great for a first date or romantical dinner out.\n\nThe service was definitely 5 star.  Our service was extremely knowledgeable and helpful when selecting the food options.  For how hip it felt inside I was surprised to see an over 60 plus crowd on a Saturday night.  But maybe I just went too early for all the cool kids. \n\nSo did this place live up the the hype?  Not necessarily.  But would I come back?  Definitely.  I'd be interested to try some of the other unique food options they have on the menu.  Maybe in a few months I can rate this as amazing!  I'm fearless and I like food, so who am I kidding, I'll be back!!