I have flown round trip (between Mesa\/Phoenix and Stockton) on Allegiant maybe 5 times over the last year. The first time I flew, the flight was only about 25 minutes late and everything else seemed to go well so I was thrilled to be able to fly for such a cheap rate. Ever since then, however, it has gotten worse and worse. Literally every time I have flown on Allegiant, my flight has been delayed anywhere from 30 minutes to 4 or 5 hours. I've even been there when they've cancelled someone's flight and asked them to come back the next morning. Punctuality is NOT a priority for Allegiant. Being late is just part of the experience and you have to know that going into it. We flew this weekend with our 3 kids and after that, we decided waiting around at the airport for 4 hours only to then taxi around the runway for another hour while our 2 year old screamed is NOT something we are willing to do anymore. This also happened during the summer and they wouldn't turn the air conditioning on-- mind you we were in ARIZONA summer heat. We stayed there sweating for almost an hour then we were told we had to deplane and wait for another plane due to a mechanical error. There are also always problems with the computers and and nobody can explain why. The communication is TERRIBLE. If you are traveling solo and you are very flexible, maybe you can make Allegiant work for you. If you need reliability, communication, and organization do NOT fly Allegiant. For our trip back home, we made the choice to skip our Allegiant flight and rent a car and DRIVE 12 HOURS home instead! Our experience was SO BAD with Allegiant that we were not willing to do another flight with them. Also, if you ever have a question and need to call their Customer Service, don't count on anyone actually answering the phone. I've waited multiple times for hours. I'm convinced they don't even have employees that answer it. The recorded message just refers you to the website. Another problem we encountered more than once is that when we've flown with our kids, they have failed to reserve seats for us to sit with our children, even when we arrive 2 hours early. It is AGAINST THE LAW for them to have you not sit with your MINOR children. Parents of minors are not required to pay the extra fee to reserve seats next to each other. They know this, but they are so unorganized, they don't do anything about it. My kids were crying because they had to sit away from me and finally we found someone willing to move once we got on the plane. WHAT A MESS. Pay more for Southwest.