Having lived out on the East Coast for 7 years and frequenting the city almost every weekend, I was in the mood for a NYC 'street corner' slice.  Searched around Yelp and this place obviously caught my eye, by both the ratings and the vicinity to my house.\n\nJust like a couple of other reviewers on here, I walked in and was immediately greeted by Tony.  He introduced himself and asked me if it was my first time there. After placing my to go order (plain cheese pie...my standard when sizing a pizza place up), he hooked me up with a free order of garlic knots while waiting for my pizza.  They were awesome...super garlicky and soft.  I skipped the provided tomato sauce because they were so good on their own.  Waited a couple of more minutes and Tony hooked me up with a bad of Zeppole!  Didn't eat them there, but had them at home after the pizza and they were a perfect end to my meal.\n\nTo the pizza...15 minutes later and I was heading out with my pie.  The aroma alone was intoxicating on the drive home.  TOTALLY reminding me of my time spent in the city.  Got home, opened up the box and wasted no time on my first slice...it was all that I missed about NYC pizza.  Thin, chewy crust that actually has great flavor on its own, good quality and perfectly greasy cheese and a light but well seasoned and tangy sauce.  The ONLY thing that I would've changed is that I tend to like my crust a little more well done...I don't mind a little burnt crust on the bottom and edges.  I noticed that outside of NYC, pizza places that are ''NY style'' tend to show a little restraint in this respect, probably because people not used to it might complain that their pizza is burnt. (I don't really know if I'm right, but I'm guessing because I noticed this at Grimaldis).  Easy fix...just order it ''well done'' next time.  Based on my experience with the guys working there, they'd be more than happy to accommodate.\n\nAnyway, all in all a great pie and GREAT people\/service...it definitely satisfied my craving.  As a self proclaimed pizza fanatic (I'm on Serious Eats pizza blog, Slice, daily), all those fancy wood-fired pizza places (a la Bianco and kin) are great, but when I want that NYC pizza that I often crave, these guys will be getting my business every time.\n\nThey also have a pretty decent pasta and hoagie selection...might have to hit those up next time.  Thanks again guys.\n\n(sorry this was a bit long)