The reality is most people don't live within 15 minutes from work, buses are generally not convenient and the C-Train is excellent if you live very close to a station. Most people need a car. So with all the 'competition' one would think there would be just that - 'competition.' The reality is prices on cars are similar by class and inflated (with the Canadian dollar almost at par with the US - car prices in Canada are still significantly overpriced). The cost for parts and service are, from the big picture view, similar. Service is similar. Time is money and the more orders you can pump through the more revenue and the more profit. \n\nWhat suffers? \n(1) Quality - If you think cars are better built these days, you haven't been around long enough or you have very deep pockets.\n(2) Simplicity - Why are cars so complicated? As a result, costs are higher, repairs are hgiher. Just ask Toyota about their recent recalls.\n(3) Creativity (put a new part in; it is faster and the dealer increases profit), \n(4) Relationships (no time to get to know you and your needs), \n(5) Communication (little time to properly explain things and answer your questions correctly and with detail) \n(6) Your Wallet (you pay more for parts, service, staffing, cleaners, detailers, the fireplace in the waiting room, etc. \n\nWhat do you get? \n(1) An expensive automobile \n(2) Expensive maintenance schedules \n(3) Over-priced parts and service \n(4) Sometimes faster service. \n(5) A nice wating area with fireplace, newspapers, coffee and, in some locations, free wi-fi. \n\nIn my case, my block heater cord snapped in the very cold weather. The options could include putting a new plug on the end of the cord or replace the entire cord. Guess what the dealer would do in this scenario? You are right - replace the cord. Guess the cost? No, you are incorrect. $99 (that's with tax). So much for the green solution.\n\nIt amazes me how large car companies in the US had to restructure and declare bankruptcy given the above. Someone was certainly sleeping at the wheel.\n\nIn our North American society most people still need cars. Perhaps in time true competition will emerge, car prices will reflect the true cost + reasonable profit margins, the workers who make and service cars will be well educated, paid well and have proper benefits; people will be able to order the car they want without all the annoying overpriced extras, parts will be of sufficient quality to last longer at a reasonable cost, car manufacturers and service providers will strike a balance between being people-friendly and profit-friendly and the entire culture will have shifted. Here's wishing. I have been calling for change in the industry for 20 years. Unfortunately, we almost all need a vehicle. This urgency keeps the car industry from being innovative, consumer friendly and truly competitive. They know you will show up at their door at some point. It is high time for change in the industry