I just got back from a few days in Vegas and have now seen all the Cirque shows there (except \"Believe\", which from what I've heard may be their Ishtar). It's true what other reviewers are saying: If you're seeking unbelievable acrobatics, feats of strength, balance and athleticism, there are better choices you can make than LOVE -- Mystére and O are the obvious answers.\n\nBut if you get off on a show that elevates the theatrical experience to its highest, state-of-the-art, world-class level, with a truly astounding array of wildly creative, insanely inventive and surprisingly transforming setpieces, ingenious costumes, motion graphics, lighting and special effects, all backing a huge cast of talented, stunning and en pointe performers, set to a lushly and skillfully mixed soundtrack created from the original studio masters for what became the blueprint for modern pop and rock... well, you'll be in hog heaven like I was. LOVE is a rich feast for the senses, and probably about as close as you can come to experiencing psychedelic drugs without actually doing them.\n\nThe good folks at Cirque du Soleil know how to put on a show. They spare no expense and craft intricate productions where every detail has been carefully considered and perfected. I find that very inspiring.\n\nI took advantage of the Summer of Cirque promotion and got a $50 ticket, which put me in the back of the balcony, what you might call one of the worst seats in the house, but honestly it turned out to be a great vantage point. There is a LOT going on throughout the whole arena. I'd sit up there again in a second. I think sitting too close to the stage would probably be a mistake; you wouldn't be able to take it all in.\n\nThe music itself -- I'm paraphrasing this from the amazon page for the soundtrack CD (Dammit! Now I'm gonna have to buy it... why isn't it on iTunes!?):  Love is a mélange of the familiar and obscure, all literally mixed together in one 78-minute audio collage which succeeds in reminding the listener just why the Beatles truly are, as Lennon put it, 'toppermost of the poppermost.' There's no new Beatles material here per se, but the songs are all approached differently -- some are cut together in a flawlessly mixed medley (check out \"Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite!\/I Want You\/Helter Skelter\"), some reassemble different backing tracks and vocal performances to create new spins on old classics; but all the songs are revitalized considerably. It begins with a twittering of birdsong lifted from \"Across the Universe\" and once the haunting, triple-tracked a capella harmonies of \"Because\" enter, followed by snatches from \"A Hard Day's Night\" and \"The End,\" leading into a fired-up \"Get Back\" (as the darkened theatre explodes to life in one of the shows many larger than life, wild and dynamic transitions), it becomes obvious that this is far more than just another Beatles compilation. This is Love, conceived by the Fabs' former producer George Martin and son Giles.\n\nI could blather on and on like a gushing fanboy about all the brilliant details of this lavish production, which combined so flawlessly to give me not one but multiple 'goosebump' moments -- those rare occasions where you experience something so magical that you get an actual physical sensation: a wave of chills up your spine and all the hairs on your body standing on end -- but I think I'll leave it at this:\n\nFor me, this is live theatre at its very best. Thank you, Cirque du Soleil! You have surprised and amazed me, and fanned the flames of passion that burn in my soul once again! I love you forever.