This cafe is 100% vegetarian, with the vegan option available on every menu item.  From past experiences with veggie restaurants in Phoenix, this kind of classification would probably make me less eager to try the place......  which is why I'm happy that the chef\/owner instead chose to focus on the fact that they use fresh, local, and organic ingredients -- vegetarianism is more of an afterthought.  So we decided to try it yesterday for lunch.\n\nTo start, Pomegranate offers a wonderful selection of teas, coffees, and various juice\/smoothie options.  I wanted something cool and caffeinated, so I ordered the toddy, which features my favorite local roaster's beans -- Cartel.  My wife order a peach iced tea.  Very good, but if memory serves correctly, you won't find any drink options for less than $2.00 or so.\n\nThen onto the main course.  I ordered the veggie burger, which is made from a sprouted tofu, served on a sprouted spelt bun, and garnished with cheddar cheese (or vegan cheese if you prefer), avocado, tomato, and a little tiny dollop of miso mayonnaise.  It also comes with a catch-all selection of sides: salad, tortilla chips, fruit slices, and a pickle.  $10 or so.....\n\nHere's my take on the burger:\n\nThe spelt bun was better than any other spelt bun\/bread that I've ever had before.  This was perhaps the second most notable part of this burger.  The most notable was the patty itself, which had a nice mellow nutty flavor -- not trying too hard to be be fake beef and not overpowering in soy flavor.  It was actually one of my favorite veggie burgers ever.  But here's my beef with the preparation: too skimpy on the rich, fatty stuff.  There was a very thin slice of cheese and almost nothing of the single condiment provided, which the menu told me was a miso mayo.  Thanks to the avocado, it was still a little rich, but not the kind of juicy decadence that I've always felt characterizes a great burger.  And seriously, I would have liked to have tasted the miso mayonnaise, but instead added my salad dressing to the burger to make it less dry, and this basically obscured whatever taste the mayo may have offered.\n\nThe salad was just fine, garnished with what seemed like a raw berry dressing of some sort.  I had no idea that the white stuff in the plastic cup was also for the salad (apparently a living caesar dressing), until the meal was almost over.  I thought it was my mayonnaise for the burger.  Next time, I'll try to get it right and see how the salad tastes with both dressings.\n\nWe also tried the hummus, mainly because it's the perfect baby-appropriate snack for my son to sling all over the restaurant (the remarkably polite staff was also quite pleasant about bringing in a messy toddler, by the way, which is a plus).  The hummus was actually quite tasty, but somehow not in a \"traditional\" way.  It seemed a little crisper and fresher than most hummus I've had, which was a nice complement to the fresh veggies served with it.  My only additional request for the hummus is that perhaps the restaurant could throw in a few tortilla chips as well?\n\nMy wife tried the vegan BLT, made with a tempeh-based bacon.  It must have been tasty, because this is one of the first times I've missed my opportunity to try a bite of her dish.  She literally devoured it and then criticized me for nitpicking at the veggie burger's preparation.  I'm pretty sure she'd give this place a 5-star rating, and she may convince me to do the same on our return visit with the in-laws, who have been looking for a place like this.\n\nOh, one final note.  I spoke with the chef\/owner after our meal, to offer our compliments and inquire about the cuisine and the marketplace, etc.  She mentioned something that should be readily apparent to most foodies, which is that the key to providing tasty veggie options is to go with a macrobiotic whole food focus -- this approach de-emphasizes the constraints and instead focuses on building a good meal from quality ingredients.  Well done, chef.