As though the food on strip wasn't decadent enough, this tiny restaurant packs an enormous amount of flavor in every savory dish.\nThis was my second Vegas visit where our team incorporated Carson's- and it won't be our last. \nWe waited about 15 minutes before they were able to seat us. No big deal, we cozied up to the outdoor fire pit, and laughed, drinks in hand.\nUpon being seated, our server set us up with a fresh round of drinks. I had been elected to place our tables order. (This is trouble)\nThere were seven of us, so we ordered a ton:\nFried chicken skins: ok, hear me out on this one. I'm fully aware that chicken skins are the least healthy party of the chicken, but equally, they may be the most delicious. Especially when you deep fry them, and serve them with a smoky honey. (I love honey!)\nThree different burgers: butter, bison, not sure the last. that we cut like a pizza and shared. The sweet potato tater-tots were a table wide hit.\nBacon Jam (this is an epic dish of bacon, some fruit, and Brie that you spread on crispy bread slices). Highly addictive. Completely unhealthy, totally worth it.\nSpicy shrimp: crispy and coated with a spicy mayonnaise, these were a popular, rich treat.\nTruffle Mac and cheese: mind blown- this was amazing. Unsurpassed deliciousness coated in cheese and baked to nice brown top. \nBraised pork belly: this was a close second to the Mac and cheese. Very close. It was succulent, tender, flavorful and I had more than my fair share ;)\nTri-color cauliflower: this was tangy and a wild adventure. Also, the healthiest thing we ordered.\nGyro-tacos: sounded weird, but these were superb. Flavorful meat, and the prefect tzatziki sauce.\nWild mushroom flatbread: perfectly crisp, great portions of toppings and yummy!\nI was a few Tito's and cranberry in, so I'm not sure if I missed anything else. I feel like I may have excluded something.\nOh, then dessert. Bread pudding Bacon Icecream. (Never had anything close) The chocolate cake, also amazing. \nAs you can gather from reading the above, we enjoyed everything, and still kept eating. Tales of my dietary trespasses here will forever be told- and I'm not ashamed of any of them!\nHighly recommend this off strip gem!