TERRIBLE work, they do NOT take responsibility for their mistakes, & VERY UNprofessional!  Do not go anywhere near this shop with your vehicle.  I had the rear bumper replaced here, and before I got within 20 feet of the car when I went to pick it up I could notice the color wasn't even close to the existing paint.  When I asked the employee, Cody, what he thought, he commented, \"it looks fine to me, plus it is almost impossible to match colors on a vehicle that isn't brand new\" SCARY!  They then tell me that although it is fine that they could redo the bumper \"darker\" than the rest of the vehicle which should then match. AGAIN SCARY.  I give them the go-ahead to redo the bumper on a Friday but tell them I need the car over the weekend and will bring it back Monday.  I get in the car and start it to drive off and the car which drove amazing with no check engine lights before I dropped it off, now has four different check engine lights on and shakes due to the terrible miss-firing.  They claimed they had nothing to do with the engine bay.  I pop the hood and noticed the engine had been cleaned meticulously, and also noticed the radio stations had been reset due to a power loss. I ask, \"it looks like you were in my engine bay, where you, \"Their response was, \"yes, we always clean the engine and we had to jump your battery\" (an almost brand new red top dry cell).  I was told to take it to a mechanic and they would pay the fees.  I took it to the mechanic, who over a phone conversation told Chris, the owner, and Cody, that their shop was liable for a loose battery connection and liquid inside the engine compartment causing misfiring.  Chris has been extremely rude now that they were actually officially labeled with being liable, and refuses to pay any part of getting the vehicle back into working order.  Please, PLEASE, PLEEEEASE stay away from this auto body shop.  I took it there because it was close to my home, but I would drive to Tucson if I had to in order to avoid this establishment.