It's like living in an overloaded ashtray. Only the worst of parents would bring a child to this place, that could considerably damage young lungs.  \n\nDirty sheets (with hair) upon my check in. Asked housekeeping to come up to clean the bedding and dust and she said it was in this condition because the room was empty for 3 days. Ok I said,  but I would expect you to dust before someone checks in if you knew it was empty for several days. Blank stare from the housekeeper and the experience just went downhill from that point. \n\nMandalay Bay Resort is an Mlife property; a group of incompetent C suite executives that obviously care much more about profits than the well being of their guest. \n\nThe staff is 50% helpful and 50% take it or leave it. Housekeeping will constantly throw your do not disturb sign on the floor (or not) and walk in your room. In the winter months the main pools are closed, but you still pay the same resort fee. \n\nThe Mandalay Bay Resort is exclusively for the brain dead or emotionally challenged and anyone with the slightest concern for their own well being, should avoid this place like the plague.\n\nPros: Rooms are very nicely decorated. Some operators are very sweet but rather limited in their capacity for making your stay welcoming. Tony and Spencer are very strong massage therapist that work at the bath house in the connected Delano Hotel. Beds are very comfortable with great linens and pillows. The resort ATM's are great with a fair 5.99 withdraw fee. Room and suite prices are reasonable. \n\nCons: Quoted a ruthless $11- $13 dollars per minute plus a 50% surcharge for a long distance USA phone call. Early morning construction (10 floors above) make sleeping past 7 am impossible. A filthy, smelly  resort with disgusting smokers at every turn. An Mlife 13 resort monopoly means that you are overcharged for everything but the room rate. A \"take it or leave it\"  attitude similar to what one would expect in a minimum security prison. You can't even use the refrigerator for your own purpose, only to stock their overpriced poisons. Everything has a charge from hot water, each tea cup and  their 4 dollar sugar caddy. Despite the pools being closed during my stay you still pay a resort fee and you can't even take a hot steam without doubling the resort fee. Maids don't respect your privacy at all. Dirty room at check in. Clueless C suite executives making decisions for this property all based on the fact that the town is run by ruthless monopolies. Consiear service very unhelpful unless your request is going to pad the pockets of the Mlife group. Just ugly on every level. They wanted to keep you in their walls so bad that no one in the entire resort could supply access to a yellow pages. Food throughout the resort was average at best. \n\nWhy am I paying a resort fee if the pools are closed? Is it to walk through the smoke filled casino or for taking 10 minutes to get to my room? This place was much different and better 8 years ago or I was younger and dumber.