Went on a summer Monday evening at 8.  No waiting, but was busy.  The host was a bit odd. It's like he was nice and cocky at the same time. I told him we had 3 (I walked in by myself as the others parked).  He asked if the rest of my party was with me. I told him they were parking and his tone changed and he said, 'I was just asking.' Which made me do a double take and wince my eyes as in, did you just talk to me like that!  So I had to reply with, 'okaaayyy, I was just answering your question.\"\n\nSo, moving on past that bit of uncomfortableness...we were seated.  Now granted, it was 85 degrees out.  But they have a ceiling full of fans that were on high.  I was freezing.  But you know it's bad when my husband and my   15 year old, 6 foot, 200lb rugby player, are shivering and complaining of how cold it is.  We mentioned to one of the servers about it being cold, and she said they could lower the fans but not turn them off.  It helped a little.  Was surprised no one else sitting had asked about that.\n\nThe service was a tad slow. Didn't bother us , it was busy.  I think we took one of the last tables.  All the tables outside in front were taken as well.  \n\nOn to food.\nUnsweetened ice tea was good.  I always comment about the ice tea, because some places have bad ice tea with bad after taste.  This one was good.\nWe got the Mac-n-cheese bites as an app.  I expected small little half dollar sized things like you get at most places. But not here!  You get 4 good sized \"bites\"!  Each one was like a mini meal in itself.  They are served with some sort of yummy cheesy sauce on the plate too..OMG, these were the best ever!!! We loved them!\n\nHowever, moving on to the sandwiches was disappointing.  I got the summer chicken sandwich. I did take off the top bread and eat it with a fork and knife, but damn was it DELICIOUS!!  That was not the disappointing part.  Now I must point out that I had been to the original melts in Lakewood years ago. The crazy wait times and the tasteless dough\/carb wad the parmegeddon I had there turned me off to ever going back for the last few years.  But now I'll keep coming back as long as they keep the summer chicken (hint hint: please keep through the winter too!).  Now the problem happens with my husbands and 15 year olds sandwiches.  The novelty of there giant bread cheese sandwiches is just that, it's a novelty that everyone seems to buy into and keep this place busy.  But like I said, we didn't, after that 1st experience, it kept us away for years!  But here we go again, reminded of the issue with the sandwiches.  My husband got the chicken and waffles grilled cheese.  It looked great.  The problem, it was bland and tasteless! All that bread took away from it.  The same with my 15 year olds mushroom grilled cheese.  He was disappointed in lack of taste.  I think they need to consider focusing on ramping up taste in the middle of the sandwich so it comes through all the bread, and perhaps also consider doing open face melts!!! A nice cheesy bread base with some awesome tasty fixings on top eaten w\/a fork and knife.  Save the bread! Forget the top layer of bread!!  \n\nIn the end, I'll be back for those bites and that summer chicken.  And the hubby and teen will probably try something else if not they will get that summer chix too.