I was in Vegas for a friend's 30th birthday over Valentine's Day weekend. As she is Greek and she hadn't visited the Cosmopolitan yet, she thought it was a sure bet to eat at Estiatorio Milos for dinner. \n\nNot so much.\n\nWe didn't get seated until almost an hour after our reservation (with the restaurant continually telling us that our table was being set up). If the hostess had just said \"hey, we are running behind. Why don't you get a drink at the bar?\" we would have been more than happy to do so. Instead, when we were seated we were all starving and not all all tipsy. A glass of wine would have been a good relaxant to prepare for what was coming next. \n\nThe restaurant brought bread, but no water. As the whole table was starving, we were trying to eat the dry bread with no water, choking. No menus. No silverware. Getting a glass of wine took 40 minutes, every time. After countless service frustrations, a member of our party asked to speak to a manager. She then repeated that request several more times throughout the meal to our server. The manager did not ever present himself during our meal. At the end, we tracked him down and recounted our service ordeal (he was the guy I had complained to earlier who told me he was a sommelier). He never did apologize, in the end trying to explain our issues to him was a waste of breath. We weren't looking for a reduction in the bill. We just wanted a \"I'm sorry. That is unacceptable.\"\n\nThe only saving grace for this restaurant is the food. It was divine. We ordered 2 roasted fish(es?), a bunch of sides, salads and appetizers. The octopus, snapper, and beets with goat cheese really stood out. I also enjoyed the tomato salad - simple and delicious. Some people at the table ordered seared tuna, which was apparently not as impressive as the whole roasted fish. There were 11 of us at dinner, we did not order bottles of wine (but did have a few glasses), and our bill was $1400. Ouch. \n\nThe space is beautiful, as is the Cosmopolitan. The service is so horrible it will ruin your evening. No matter how good the food is, I will never return to this restaurant. I cannot reward such bad behavior with a return trip. When people are paying more than $100 per person for dinner, they expect to be treated with at least a little bit of respect.