We had a TON of fun, but there was a lot to be desired at this spot.\n\nChecking in\/paying: You go talk to the guy and you get some waivers to fill out, then you go back to that guy and pay for yourself\/your party. Seems redundant, as there can be a line up sometimes. Maybe just have the waivers and a big sign at the door?\n\nEquipment: I'm by no means an expert in this. I upgraded to the nicer gun and was pretty happy with its  performance. My friends all rented jump suits, which is a good idea to have, since the entire place is coated in paint. The suits came in a variety of sizes, from the very small to the very tall. The price for extra paint balls seemed kind of steep.\n\nThe play: The people introducing the games were very young (early teens) who had a hard time getting the crowd to pay attention. For one thing, they weren't wearing a uniform or anything, and they looked just like everyone else (who were also mostly 14-year old boys), except they weren't carrying guns. So you didn't even KNOW you were supposed to pay attention to them. We just basically stood around the area until an exasperated kid said \"I'm not going to start until everyone's listening\" in a tone that suggested that he had been trying to get our attention for quite some time. Which was not the case. This issue could have been solved by a megaphone. We're in a warehouse full of sand. Voices do NOT travel. That's the other problem we had. When the games ended, they gave a 1-minute warning, but unless you were right beside the guy, you couldn't hear him yelling. An air horn, or that super loud beeping you get from a megaphone would have done nicely. Hell, even a doorbell would have been louder than someone standing at the door saying \"GAME OVER!\" particularly when we're all shooting air guns.\n\nIn game play, they split you up into two teams, with one team being identified by a caution tape arm band that you tie on. Caution tape that ran out in the middle of the afternoon. We thought they could solve this problem by providing pinnies. They're cheap and washable. Probably would have prevented a lot of friendly fire.\n\nThe space: The space is very cool. Lots of cabins and buildings, barrels and cars. Lots of places to hide. It's dark, which makes it hard to see, but also makes it more fun. I like that there are second levels around the walls for optimal sniping.\n\nAll in all, most of us had a great time, but it would have been better if there were clearer instructions on the rules of the game, where you can buy stuff and just generally more interested staff (one guy was AMAZING. Super friendly, patient and helpful. The rest seemed slightly annoyed at our presence.)\n\nI'm not entirely sure that I would come back again, as fun as it was, these sort of organizational things made for a frustrating experience.