Any time you are in the Boulder City area, I highly recommend making a stop here for either breakfast, lunch or dinner. Located just right off the main highway on your left if you are heading to Hoover Dam. Hours are 6 am to 8 pm.\n\nOn a nice 80 degree May saturday, me and the wifey stopped off here for lunch. Since I always seem to notice my good Yelp friend Shirley B checking in here I knew that it was worth a look.\n\nTwo things sparked my interest here. The Broasted Chicken and for my wife, the Dole Whip frozen yogurt.\n\nFor those that never heard of broasting, it is a process of deep frying in a pressure cooker, which results in a crispy outside while sealing the natural juices inside. This makes the chicken less greasy. My wife sarcastically said that it was a couple of brothers roasting chickens. God I love her.\n\nI got the 2 piece meal deal ($8.99) which is a wing and a breast, potato wedges, a biscuit, and side in which I chose mac n cheese. The chicken is superb. Crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The potato wedges were more like cut up quarters of a potato, fried, and sprinkled with some kind of cajun seasoning. The mac n cheese was standard and was sprinkled with a bit of ground pepper. The biscuit tasted similar to KFC's. Doesnt come with a drink so I ordered a medium fountain drink for a couple bucks more. They serve coke products.\n\nAs for the Dole Whip (39 cents per oz), was as good as you what you would get at Disneyland for it is the very same thing. They have a toppings bar that you can put on your frozen yogurt similar to other fro yo places. I tried it and it WAS just like Disneyland. Had some sweetness to it while at the same time a bit of tart.\n\nService was simple and decent. You order at the counter and they bring it out to you. Just remember that whatever you order that they make it from scratch so make sure you have plenty of time to enjoy you food here if dining in.\n\nOverall I will make this place a regular stop any time im in Boulder City for their hours are great and their menu is versatile meaning you can order sandwiches, milkshakes, smoothies, shaved ice, hot dogs, coffee, and gourmet drinks. The chicken itself is a main headliner for me.\n\nYelp 2015 review #21\n519 overall