This really is a 1.5 - but since we're close to the holiday's, giving it a two. \n\nWow what a total let down!!! I've been waiting for months to head out to Davidson and try their breakfast, but we didn't get out there until after 5PM - so dinner it was. We were the first people there when they opened and I was impressed with how quaint and inviting the small \"bistro\" like restaurant was. Our waitress's (two of them tagged teamed us-not sure why, we WERE the only people in there) were polite with us and offered up the evening specials, which sounded de-lish. I ordered a glass of chardonnay -- it was ok--but not memorable. They brought out freshly baked bread, still warm from being removed from the oven and an incredibly rich butter that had been turned with what I think was orange -- I loved it, but my guest did not, but her palate still has room to grow, trust me. \n\nI ordered the Fresca salad to start (mesclun mix, hass avocado, apples, walnuts, cranberries, bleu cheese crumbles, raspberry vinaigrette), easy on the cheese and dressing on the side--thank god for that. I've never in my life seen a CREAMY\/THICK vinaigrette - when I think of vinaigrette, I think of an oily base. I ask Morgan, one of the waitresses about this and here explanation was that it was whipped... whipped into a disgusting mess... it was more like a mayonnaise. I asked for a balsamic -- that too was lacking, but I was happy to eat my salad sans dressing as it was a great combo. \n\nAt this point, the restaurant was packed! And everyone looked so happy to be there and with their food - ha!\n\nI was so excited when they brought out our entrees - I ordered the Atlantic Salmon (parmesan risotto, sauteed spinach, tarragon beurre blanc) and substituted asparagus instead of the spinach. \n\nThe presentation was beautiful and tarragon beurre blanc smelled incredible! But a hot mess... the salmon was hot (it was really good too), the risotto luke warm and the asparagus cold. I immediately stopped the waitress and told her my issues... So minutes later they returned my plate -- I could but help breaking out in laughter!!! A crazy kind of laughter --- the waitress saw this and asked what was wrong. First off, they just cut off the end of the salmon where I tasted it and made is 3\/4 of the original size and just warmed up all my original food! Are you freaking kidding me!!! \n\nSo the manager  came out (which this woman clearly needs to take a pill) and ACTUALLY told me they just put my salmon on the griddle to keep it warm as they warmed the rest.... I laughed again -- are you kidding me? \n\nI grabbed the other waitress and said I couldn't do it and to please take it away... my once perfect salmon was dried out crap on my plate, the re-warmed risotto was now bad oatmeal and my asparagus was charred. The manager came over to grab my plate and said they would re-fire a dish, I told her NO thank you that it shouldn't take three times to make a meal (and god know's what the chef was going to do to my food - I saw the movie \"waiting')\n\nI would say I would go back, but not with that manager.. what a bitch. I just wanted a wonderful meal from a place I've been waiting for months to go to, but because of her grumpy ass, you can forget about it. Will I recommend this location, absolutely not... I was not in the wrong and she made me feel like I was. \n\nSo Toast Davidson, you can toast my ass goodbye!