Yikes. This place is a train wreck in the flavor department! I honestly thought that the multiple rave reviews meant this place was the real deal! Not true.\n\nSo this place does not offer an authentic Japanese Shabu Shabu experience - they are Korean owned and run and the goma and ponzu sauce flavors are completely off from the traditional Japanese shabu restaurants that I am accustomed to. Calling this place a Korean fusion hotpot restaurant would be more fitting. We also knew this place was not legit when they didn't even have \"hot drops\" - how do they not have that!? What a huge letdown. \n\nIs there no good Japanese Shabu Shabu places in Las Vegas? Help me!!!\n\nMy boyfriend ordered the traditional prime beef shabu shabu lunch which was $10. I ordered the prime beef sukiyaki lunch which was also $10. Both combos come with a plate of vegetables and rice. Also you get their ponzu and goma sauce. \n\nThe meat were sliced crazy thin - thinner than paper. It practically dissolved on contact; I couldn't pick the meat slices up without them breaking into a bunch of tiny inedible dots of meat. It was the worst form of cuttingcosts I've ever seen. \n\nI'm curious to know if they make it that thin for lunch only and if dinner they actually give a better slice of meat? Even so, the thin slices the meat were absurd, even for lunch - it's not an acceptable business practice and a total scam. \n\nThe plate of vegetables wasn't tiny, but all of the vegetables were cut into many tiny pieces (bits) and they were old! I would predict they were about a week and a half old, if not older. \n\nThe sauces were really sad. The ponzu sauce tasted more sour than it should, almost like pure vinegar. Maybe it was bottled ponzu, but I've tasted bottled ponzu that was better than this. Also the goma sauce was not even close to what goma sauce should taste like; was it even made with sesame seeds? It was very sour as well. It's almost like they had a general idea of what the sauce should taste like, but never actually tasted it. Epic fail. \n\nThe last drawback was that they didn't offer any type of soup base for the traditional shabu shabu udon noodle soup at the very end, which was so weird! So you pretty much have a bland, udon noodle soup broth to sip? I don't understand it. On the other hand, my sukiyaki broth was insanely sweet. I had to pour my boyfriends bland (watery) broth in into my (sugar bombed) pot order to make it edible. \n\nI'm so disappointed this place called themselves Japanese shabu shabu. It was all a huge lie.