I visited Pita for the 1st time today (8\/10\/2014) at the Gilbert location. Once I arrived to the location for a to go order a female wait staff waited to take the order. I looked over the menu for about 2 minutes. The wait staff seemed to want to hurry the order (not 100% sure). So I placed the 32.00 order at 1:56 pm and was informed that it would be done in 10-15 minutes. I than went back to my car to wait. After 15 minutes I go back in and asked about the order; was informed it was not ready. Went back to the car for about 4 minutes and returned and asked the same female wait staff once she was done with another order (I thought she would see me in front of her and address the order, but no!), so I then asked her about the order and she seemed as if she could not hear me with the look on here face, so I point to my watch and she stated it was not ready and is still cooking and she didn't seemed to really care to interacted with me, so I went back to the car waited about 30 seconds and called and stated can you place the order in the pick up window when it is ready so I can know, she said, \"sure\", and hung up! About 3 minutes later the window opens and she just place the order in the window(2:18 pm = 22 min total) and than closes the window as quick as she opened it. Now I might be looking to hard for something, but I would THINK she would at least wait 10, 20 seconds for me to reach the window and say here is your order have a nice day (something!). I just am taken back a bit. Plus my order for the spicy chicken wrap was just bad and looked a mess! I will be returning that tomorrow! Plus I plan not to ever go back to the Pita location in Gilbert and I MIGHT try another location one more time and if that goes bad I will not spend another cent with this company. I think am going to have some cereal now. \n\nAnd being in Arizona and being a so-called \"black\" person sometime you don't get the best nor normal service! Was this a race issues? Not sure, but not productive service 100% yes!