Having been to an Original Pancake House when I lived in Minnesota, I was excited to see a location in Arizona.\n\nI didn't visit this restaurant until my previously favorite breakfast joint stopped serving the Baked Apple Pancake.\n\nI've been here a couple of times for a \"cheat\" meal, specifically for the Baked Apple Pancake. They offer two sizes, a full size and a \"baby\" size. I think most people could split the baby size, but if you are very hungry and want to indulge, a baby size will suit one person just fine. The full size on the other hand is perfect to split if both people want to order something else.\n\nThe first time we tried eating here I also ordered a crepe which had some alcohol soaked fruit inside with pecans, served cold, sprinkled with chopped pecans and a side of tropical syrup. If this was refrigerator cold it might have been okay, but it was closer to room temperature, there seemed to be an overwhelming amount of nuts, and it just wasn't that flavorful. I suppose anything compared to their Baked Apple Pancake is sub-par.\n\nThe baked pancake though, wow. It is huge and puffy when it arrives, but it does settle a bit. I recommend waiting 2 or 3 minutes before digging in, or else you will burn your mouth and spoil the rest of your meal (don't ask, ha). A good way to do this is to ask for a side of whipped cream (which they will charge you for) as soon as they serve you the apple pancake. By the time the server comes back with the whipped cream, the pancake should be ready for your enjoyment!\n\nEven after settling, the pancake is thick, doughy, filling, and the apples are amazing. If you are lucky, the cooks will have put a little extra brown sugar on top so there will be some crunch, and your experience will be complete. You definitely will feel the need to brush your teeth after eating one of these (not to mention hit the gym), and you probably won't eat for the rest of the day. I don't condone eating these all the time, but once in a while for a special occasion won't make a dent in your daily diet.\n\nA couple things to be aware of; these types of joints make their money on sides, so if ordering sausage, bacon, or another side, the portion size is tiny. If ordering a soda\/pop\/cola, they serve it by the can (no refills). From the outside the restaurant may not look like much, but it is a great divey breakfast place. It is breakfast place after all, not a 4-star dinner restaurant.\n\nYay for breakfast.\n\nAnd most importantly, bring cash; no credit cards are accepted here.