Initially, I thought Pods was a great answer to getting my parents moved across country. My 80 year old father called and got an initial quote from them. A couple of days later, I called and reviewed the quote with a very pleasant customer service rep and scheduled the delivery of the pod. I wanted my parents to have it available for a month so that other family members could assist them in packing to make the relocation from Michigan to Arizona. The delivery  went smoothly, as did the pickup. Where things began to fall apart was with the redelivery to their new home in Tempe. There was no call the night before the scheduled delivery. When I called to check on the container, no one could tell me where it was and suggested I call back in the morning. I called back at 7a. Still no one could tell me where the container was. While I was on hold they called and emailed the Mesa facility and got no response. They asked me to call back around 10. I did. Still no response from Mesa. They tried to reach them again. Told me that the phone just keeps ringing. Around 3p I received a call from the driver, who claimed that he had had the delivery on his schedule since 7:30a. Yet, no one was able to communicate that to the customer?\nThen came the billing issue. I was told by the \"very pleasant customer service rep\" that there would be a delivery charge of x$, a monthly rental of x$, transportation of x$, and a redeliver fee of x$ for a total of x$. I took her at her word. My mistake. Apparently the monthly rental is not suspended during transportation because you are still \"storing your belongings.\" And because they apparently had a tape with it being explained to my 80 year old father, they were holding to that, even though I was not told and I was the one that actually called to confirm the order. Didn't matter according whether or not she told me, according to them. Not even ocean freight is billed like this. Once it is being transported, its a transportation charge. Unbelievable!\nI can not recommend doing business with a company like this. We hired them because we were trying to make things as easy as possible and reduce stress levels on both my parents and us. They added to the stress by losing track of the container and charged us hundreds more than I was told.