From my own HORRIBLE experience...\nI did a walk in @ 9am. I requested for Tara to do my hair so I did a last minute appointment @ 11am. The receptionist told me that you can come back 15 min early since Tara comes in early before her start time. I came in 5 min before 11. I waited half an hour for Tara but still she wasn't there so I requested for someone else to do my hair. I ask the receptionist if someone can do this ombré style and I showed a picture and he recommended me to Julia. They said \"Julia is the best.\" I showed Julia the picture and she said yes I can do that. (Note: if you can't do exactly what I ask for, then don't tell me you can.) So I was excited... Hours later.. the end results? My hair is damaged and dry. And my ombré didn't even look ombré. It was a blunt line color going around my head and she didn't mix the product in all the way so everything was different color. I ask her to fix my bangs also and she made it even shorter!!! It looked like Spock from Star Trek. I was devastated. I literally started crying. The lady who is the owner said well next time you should make an appointment. So???? It gives you the right to mess up my hair and be okay with it because I didn't make an appointment with Julia??? Are you kidding me??? I'm paying for the service!! My hair was long and very healthy. I paid $200 + for them to mess up my long, healthy hair. The owner Michael also said he can have someone fix my hair when I called for them to fix it. When I asked if i would pay again he said don't worry about it, I just want you to be happy. So when I went again to fix my hair I had to pay again! This will be the last time I will ever step foot inside this salon. But I do want to thank ONLY ONE PERSON and that's coco for fixing my messed up ombré hair. The wife of Michael who is the owner said it could've be done for free if Julia did it but she told me AFTER THE FACT that someone else did it. I was very traumatized on what julia did the first time!!! You think I want her to fix my hair again after she messed it up? For days I did leave in conditioner and did so many treatments on my hair but regardless my hair was nappy I was unable to comb it. It was horrible!!! I had to cut at least five inches off my hair cause it was damaged. This may have a lot of good reviews but I won't ever recommend this salon to anyone that I know.\n\nFor the reply below... It wasn't a \"lack of communication\" on my end. I specifically told her what I wanted. How I wanted it. And I went a second time to fix it. To give it another chance... But you can't give me back the five inches I had to cut off. So I do apologize for writing a bad review because I had to cut five inches off my hair and pay $200+ for the style I didn't want. Thank you very much.