An old friend and I had dinner at Spoon last night, a rainy Wednesday night.  I had made a reservation, just in case, but there were only 2 other couples in there so it probably was not necessary.  The hostess was super friendly and even made a little small talk with us while she seated us. The waitress came over right away, also very friendly. Water right away, but had to wait a tad longer than I was used to for the wine.  The glasses sat there, alone and empty. Also, the same glasses were used for white and red wines- not a huge deal but odd for un upscale eatery. AND...my pino grigio had a SCREW OFF cap, and cost $10. Ok, I understand that there was a cork shortage a while back, but, um, really?\n\nThe bread is definately something special. Two bite sized cornbreads with jalapeno and cream cheese filled puffs (yes, YUM!). Quite honestly though, I could have done without them as something to eat BEFORE dinner. They were way too heavy and seemed like something more suitable at breakfast. Just the cornbread nubs would have been enough-- those were light, delish, and just the right size!\n\nI ordered the Crab Enchiladas and Green Salad. The salad was great- fresh greens, crunchy mango, peas, cucumbers and just the right amount of champagne vinagrette. The enchiladas....well the portion size was nice, and I enjoyed the spiciness.  However it was way too bland and creamy and I could barely taste the crab. The cilantro was barely noticable as well.  I realize that Spoon is not a mexican place, but the effort in making this dish authentic in any way seems lacking.\n\nMy friend ordered th Kobe Beef burger and fries. The buger was what you would expect of Kobe beef- soft, juicy, and literally melts in your mouth. I am not a huge beef eater, ever, but it really looked amazing when it came out and I had to try a bite. Again, something lacking though- perhaps a spice in the meat or salt....or something?  The fries were good though- served upright in a metal canister, sprinkled with herbs, light and crisp. I could have polished off a whole plate of those by myself.\n\nLastly, the Earl Grey and Citrus sorbet, which we split. The texture was too grainy and icy and it seemed like it was frozen and re-thawed a few times. OK flavor, but I couldn't really taste the tea.\n\nI often judge my dining experience pretty heavily on ambiance, and I will say that Spoon does really well in that department.  It is warm and cozy inside with interesting art and metalwork. Again, the waitstaff was really great and made us feel welcome. BUT, the food just didn't do it for me.\n\nI would return, but  perhaps for a cocktail only next time, as the bar is really hip and cool. But I would give some of the other new places in the neighborhood a chance first. One thing that I did enjoy though are the portion sizes.  Coming from CA, I often feel that portions are way bigger than they need to be here and I often overeat more that I would normally because it's there and I hate wasting food. Spoon definately knows what a normal, healthy portion looks like. \n\nI am happy that Spoon is here becaue if fits really well in the new Penn Circle area of town. They just need to work on their recipes.