First timer alert!!! Came in on a Friday night at 6:00pm. There was a 1 hour wait and they take down your cell number and text you when the table is ready. Once you sit down your greeted by your server who will give you the run down of what everything is on the table and how things works. You have 2 hours for $24 per person all you can eat dinner and you can order up to 4 items at a time. NOTE: you do have to pay for any unused\/uncooked\/uneaten raw meat. So once you start getting to the end and full, slow down so you don't over order or you will pay... literally. Ha \n\nOur servers name was Shannon and she was AMAZING! Always at our table changing the grill, making sure our drinks were full, putting in our next order, and helped us at first move the meat around since clearly it took us awhile to figure it out. All the staff was INCREDIBLE though. There was multiple people that checked in on us and placed our next order to insure the protein was constantly flowing. \n\nNow on to the food!!! They start you out with a ginger\/Asian salad and each person gets a bowl of rice. Salad is good and refreshing. Then you start to order the protein 4 at time and it's raw\nSo it comes out quick. Half the time I forgot what I was eating but it was all super good and pre marinated. The chicken is hard to cook because it takes longer and comes in big chunks. Some of the thin sliced meats were hard to cook because they stuck to the grill or cooked way too fast. Your first two orders you will mess up the cooking but then you kind of learn how to do it and what you like.\n\nMy best advice is to just take your time. Order your 4 proteins at first and figure out how to get the cook perfect before ordering another round. It can get Over whelming trying to figure it out while they bring you more food and your table is already full! We learned the hard way.... haha\n\nSome of my favorites were the KFC(Korean fried chicken that comes out pre-cooked and taste like orange chicken), Hawaiian steak, and pork belly. \n\nAnd in case you haven't ate enough yet... save room for dessert! They have $3.50 macaroon ice cream sandwiches in about 4-5 flavors. The mango and green tea were the best! It was a nice refreshing dessert after pigging out on all that food. \n\nOverall it was a great and fun experience with our friends. Great place for people who love meat!! Lots and lots of meat! You will leave so full you hate yourself! I'm excited to come back and now that we know how it works, we will be pros! Haha thank you (: