I wish as a patient , I felt the same as the 10 prior ten reviews . This Dentist advertises $39 X-ray and Exam for first time patients without Insurance . I decided to go to Dr Travis Stratton after my Front Bridge came off and I needed them re cemented. I was quoted 99 dollars and that included the full X-ray and exam. The front office completed the appointment card including writing down the price. I was told as long as no Decay on the Bridge Bone was found that was the price for me to have the bridge re-cemented back and returned the next day Sept 7th with the completed Forms. A picture was taken of me including a copy of my Drivers License . I was taken back and X-rays, and exam were done both the XRay Tech and Hygienist were professional and did a Good Job.I will even say Dr Stratton was a pleasure to meet and was informed that I was without Insurance so any further work would have to wait till open enrollment.  It was after the\nDr  Stratton Left the tech came back in took my blood pressure 128\/78 . While I'm in the chair The Billing  girl comes in and tells me I'm going to check on your co pay ????? I already informed the staff and Dr I didn't have Dental insurance and won't till open enrollment. The Billing girl comes back in and tells me as I'm in the Dental Chair the cost is 261.00. The 99 fee is only for the Exam and X-rays. I told her that's not what I was told  she told me if you want them cemented in you have to pay 261.00 . I told her I have the 99 Cash  as told to me Yesterday, but she only replied we will bill you if you don't want it done its 99.00. I refused to pay was told we will send you a bill and if it's not paid it will go to collections. I went to my truck and obtained  the Appointment card with the 99 fee written on it 60 above what they advertise on their website for new patients. I attempted to show her this and advised I would file a complaint and her reply was \" I don't respond to threats\". What threat ??? The lack of communication, and unprofessionalism by this one employee has left a real bitter taste with me as a Patient. I will update this after I hear from the Dr . \n\n The Dr refused to fix Bridge , I wouldn't recommend. Did waive the 99 fee and indicated he would provide me with my X rays upon signing a waiver . No waiver signed  nor were my records released to me I'm the Patient not another Dentist requesting my records Said he could no longer see me as a patient, LOL Nevada has 1,300 plus dentist, Why go to a person who has to use subterfuge to attract Business. A complete waste of my time. 2 star. Go to  some other sites and read his Reviews . 65 Really wow.