My boyfriend and I came here around noon today for breakfast.  We walked in, were greeted, and shown rather indifferently to our booth (which felt more like a plank of wood with some plastic over it, as I suspect it was).  Our waitress was quick to take our drink order and quick to bring the drinks; unfortunately, she also expected us to know what we wanted just as quickly.  I said we'd need another minute and she turned around without a word and stalked away.  When she finally did return 10 minutes later, she came right up to the table and just looked at us expectantly, still saying nothing.  We gave our orders and she rattled off our bread choices so fast I could hardly catch them.  I mean it was SO obvious she didn't want to be there, didn't want us there, and at that point WE didn't want to be there anymore, either.  It took far longer than it should have for our breakfasts to come out, considering they were obviously frozen and just warmed up in the stove.  When the waitress brought our food (WITH the check, I might add, as though to say, \"hurry up and get the hell out\"), we informed her that we had no place settings.  She sighed audibly and grabbed a set from the next table.  She checked on us just once more during the rest of the meal, never offered refills, and it was a different waitress entirely who took our plates away.  When it came time to pay, we asked for the coupons that they always USED to give out with your meal.  The lady who took our plates seemed confused and got our original waitress, who came back, smelling of cigarettes, and just stared at us, asking what we needed.  My boyfriend explained about the coupons, and she said they only give them out AFTER you've paid.  We know for a fact it didn't used to be that way, but whatever.  So we asked if we could split the check between our two cards, and again she stared at us, confused, asking what we were wanting to do.  He explained again that we wanted to put half the check on my card and half on his, and she said, \"So do you just want me to split the check?\"  Uh, YEAH.  That's what we've been telling you.  She came back with our respective receipts, pinning them down with a sort of barely-contained rage as they tried to roll away, and explained which copies needed to be signed.  We're not stupid lady, but thanks anyway.\n\nThe food itself was bland and probably a notch below Denny's.  Now my boyfriend has a terribly upset stomach and I feel.....weird.  NEVER EVER going back to that place.  EVER.