For months the teaser for writing a review about Azul appeared above my Yelp feed. I looked it up and realized it was a few miles up the river from where I live, and figured that one day I should give it a try. But driving farther 'into the burbs' wasn't very high on my desire list. So I waited for the right opportunity, and the day before the 4th of July, a friend and I were out and about and decided to give it a shot.\n\nSo off to the burbs we went, passing it at first thanks to Google directions, then back tracking and voila...there it was.\n\nA very nice looking building with lovely decor on the outside, an impressive wooden door, the name, very modern and trendy above the door. At first we couldn't tell if it was open because there were no cars around, no people around, and it looked kind of dark inside. I got out of the car and peeked in the window and the staff was hanging out far in the back at the end of the bar and they all waved like 'we are HERE!'. So the car was parked and we prepared to enter.\n\nWe looked up and down the blocks surrounding this building. Leetsdale. Little tiny houses from decades gone by. A teeny tiny church on the next corner with a satellite dish on the side, and a few boarded up buildings across the street. It kind of made we laugh, thinking a tornado had whipped through Shadyside or the South Side, sucked up one of the trendy hipster establishments, and dumped it here in the middle-of-nowhere Leetsdale.\n\nWe went in, and there was one man at a table, and four staff members (ironically, not one Latino), one of whom, (Ben? A fresh faced and clean cut college aged boy with cute fuzzy legs) seated us and gave us the basic intro spiel, and took our drink order. Coke products. Thank goodness.\n\nAgain, the decor of the interior was very modern, trendy, well designed...and hilariously out of place for middle-of-nowhere Leetsdale. Very comfortable. I guess they get credit for taking on the challenge of going where the real estate is less expensive.\n\nThe menu was the typical round of Mexican fare, all of the usual offerings that you would find at Patron Grille, or any of the El Campesino group spots, but with a slight leaning toward Mad Mex, without the abject pretense.\n\nI ordered a steak burrito, my friend the quesadilla. The burrito was very nicely stuffed and flavorful. They didn't make their own hot sauce (boo) but brought bottled of Chahlula to spice it up a bit. Decent sized burrito, cut in half and propped askew on the plate, with about a table spoon of sour cream and a pinch of lettuce with some diced tomatoes. Choice of beans IN the burrito, I had black beans, and the steak was actually very good steak with a lot of flavor. The quesadilla was, well, a quesadilla. A tortilla stuffed with cheese, folded in half, and grilled. On the plate with the same pinch of lettuce, diced tomato and spoonful of sour cream.\n\nNow, the only issue I have with the place...for Mexican food, in the middle of nowhere...the prices were WAY too high. For a basic no-frills burrito and quesadilla, a Diet Coke, and a water, the bill was $35. Would I go back? Absolutely. The atmosphere was lovely, the staff was terrific, the food was as good as one would expect for Mexican food. Would I go back REGULARLY? Not so much. Patron Grille and El Campesinos are much more reasonable in price, for pretty much the same food, and they're a bit more generous in their offerings. They bring the first basket of chips and salsa free to the table, Azul offered it for $4. Patron and Campesino bring the burrito, sided with beans and rice. Azul just brought the burrito. If the prices were more in line with the usual Mexican restaurants, then it could be a regular spot. \n\nFor a while, there were only three of us in the place eating, and then as we finished, the dinner crowd started to trickle in, and they soon had a decent amount of clientele filling the space. A couple of the tables looked like older monied daddies and their 'boys' from the burbs. Made me chuckle a bit. \n\nAll in all, I would give them all five stars, except for the pricing, which is prohibitive of making it a 'regular' spot for 'regular' folk. But for Mexican food, they really are the ONLY offering of it's type in the area, and they ARE on the edge of Sewickley, so I guess pander they must. I just can't imagine anyone from outside the immediate driving range making it a 'destination' for much more than a one-shot deal. So four stars and special occasions it is.