The first time I went to Boudreaux's, Yelp didn't even exist in Charlotte.  Since then I confess, I had forgotten about this Cajun haven.  In recent weeks however, I have rediscovered this NODA treasure and it has quickly become a staple in my food\/restaurant rotation. Here's why...\n\nParking:  As I reflect, one of the reason's I stopped going is because the parking situation is so precarious.  Like so many other establishments in NODA, there is no parking-lot reserved for Boudreaux's patrons.  You're best bet is to UBER or cab-it, but if you have to drive, try the many side-streets of NODA or perhaps in the YMCA parking-lot down the street.\n\nService:  My initial return visit was the evening of Friday, April 22. I was there for a birthday dinner for a good friend.  On that visit, I had some of the best service I've ever had anywhere in Charlotte.  The waiter, who my buddies said, they've had before, was on point with everything - drinks, clearing the plates, asking us if we needed anything, extra napkins, splitting the checks, etc.  Simply amazing service.  My most recent visit came this past Saturday - April 30th, around 1pm.  The service was just ok.  To be honest, it was a little on the slow side.  Nothing outrageous, I just thought it could have been a bit better is all.\n\nAmbiance\/Lay-out:  The atmosphere at Boudreaux screams NODA in so many ways.  They have a nice open-air seating\/dining area similar to Cabo and many other spots in the area.  There's also a nice bar area with plenty of high-top chairs and seating directly at the bar as well.  Then of course they've got a plethora of tables and booths scattered throughout.  It never feels like its well-lit in there, but who cares.  There's a huge book-shelf, with a bunch of books I'm willing to bet haven't been opened in decades, separating the dining sections - so NODA. \n\nFood:  Let's start with the Gumbos.  That's right 'Bos, because they have THREE different types of GUMBOS!!!  I sampled my friend's \"YAYA\"Gumbo and was so amazed with how tasty it was, I ordered a cup of the \"Signature Seafood\" Gumbo  myself - even better!!  They both have a nice soft bed of rice that soaks up all the soupy elements of the Gumbo.  They also serve their soups and Gumbos with a nice hearty piece of cornbread.  But what made me go back in the span of a week you ask?!  The Mutha-F-in SHRIMP AND GRITS!!!  The evening of my friend's birthday I got the \"T-Boo\" or small portion and loved it so much I went back the next Saturday and got the \"Beau Jacques\" or large portion!  Pick an adjective - amazing, real and spectacular, yummy, tasty!  The shrimp and grits contains plenty of andouille sausage, peppers, onions, plenty of creole seasonings and shrimps all over a bed of creamy, tasty, cheddar grits!!  The flavors and textures work together in perfect harmony - the crunch of the peppers and the softness of the grits for example.  So good, all I can do is be quiet and shake my head...      \n\nRarely do I give 5-stars because of one menu item, but this place gets 5-stars bc of the SHRIMP and GRITS alone!!  I can't wait to go back.  If you're ever wondering if you should go to Boudreaux?  I say Boud-Yes!!!