So -- I'm not really sure where to begin...\n\nI know that this place was formerly Cadillac Ranch, and I was never there under the previous management. I am not sure if this means I am at a disadvantage with nothing for comparison, or that I have the benefit of being unbiased.\n\nWe went to Ranch House Kitchen on Monday night after seeing a movie at the Rave Theaters.  We had been at the Yardhouse for dinner, so we wanted to check out something different for post-movie drinks.  As we were walking up we were somewhat awkwardly greeted by a Ranch House hostess, about 10 feet outside of the restaurant.  She was VERY nice, but it was a weird spot to be greeted.\n\nGoing into the restaurant, it looked like a great place. HUGE (probably too big) but it looked like it should have been a place that was successful - clearly they had put a lot of money into it.  Sadly.... we were just about the only customers in the joint.  As we walked past the mechanical bull I was a bit surprised to see a girl of no more than 8 sitting on it.  It was strange to say the least.\n\nWe finally got to our table and we quickly noticed that the employees outnumbered the guests by at least 4:1.  Our first round of drinks came out pretty slowly, and my friend said the margarita was awful. We ordered wings with our next beers and they were standard bar wings -- not bad, but certainly nothing that would bring me back.\n\nWe had two waitresses, one who was evidently in training.  It was clear that the girl who had been there awhile was not very interested in us.  The girl who was training was much more attentive and spent some time talking to us at the table, which I suppose we expected from them since the place was basically empty.\n\nOverall it was sort of a strange experience.  The beer was cold and the wings were hot, but there was nothing that would make me want to go back to Ranch House Kitchen.  REPORTEDLY they do draw customers most nights, but I'll believe it when I see it.  Just not sure why anyone would go to Ranch House when they can pop down to Yardhouse where there is a MUCH bigger beer selection.