So excited that they opened a location up in the northwest. However, this location is not the same owner as the perfect scoop that was once near ft.apache and trop or flamingo...having a brainfart. \n\nWhile they do have vegan treats aside from drinks, I was bummed that they do not offer sea salt cream. Whenever we were on the other side of town the okinawan milk tea with the sea salt cream was a must. Of course I was hoping to get the same at this locatin, but no. However, the drink itself is still just as good despite not offering the sea salt. I've only order the okinawan milk tea from here since my go-to milk tea shop doesn't offer it. \n\nI can only give 3 stars because I think the store is awkward. Sometimes they serve my drink from the counter, other times my drink has been serve through that little window in the wall that seems like drinks should be serve from there....but not. Service tends to be iffy especially if it isn't the owner.\n\nI don't frequent here as much as I would because dairy has been kicking me in the gut. The only alternative offered to me.instead of the milk\/creamer is almond milk and I have a nut allergy. =\/  Which they offered soy or a non-dairy creamer then I'd probably be in there a lot more than I should!\n\nHowever, I still think they're a great option for boba or of such. Last I was in they didn't have a rewards system or at least no one offered it to me and that actually matters to me! It's an incentive if you're going to drop about 5 bucks per drink. I will be honest and say I haven't stopped in for awhile now so I rewards, customer service, etc...could have changed. \n\nI will say offering free Hershey kisses is a fun perk as they offer it alongside their napkins and straws. Lol. Anyway, my milk tea has never been watered down. Though, the boba here isn't my preferred texture. A little too chewy for me. \n\nCertainly kid friendly and certainly can accommodate strollers. There wasn't much seating last I was there, and they even had arcades for sale. I'll probably stop in sometime soon to check out the changes, if any. \n\nUntil then, we don't have much boba options on this end of the valley so I will certainly recommend giving them a shot. \n\nEnjoy!