We are from Alabama on a vacation to Las Vegas when we gave this restaurant a try. We were here for 7 nights and tried an array of different cuisine's and strange foods. On our last night we thought we'd give this \"southern\" place a try. I knew going in this it wouldn't be exactly southern food but vegasified and I have a very open mind when it comes to food. Before I get to into the food, the atmosphere was great. I loved the decor very mason jars meets southern hipster but in a positive way. The drinks were very good I had a Yard bird old fashioned. It was advertised as having a bacon infused bourbon, I didn't taste that it just tasted like a very simple but tasty old fashioned. We ordered the Mama's chicken biscuits which should be in small plates\/ appetizers not in a poultry entree. It came with two small chicken biscuits. The flavor was great and the pepper jelly was a great addition however it's on a hard barely edible biscuit and was very hard to eat because of this. We also ordered the Mac and cheese and grits both being relatively average. I've had my fair share of down right amazing mac and cheese and grits these were very tasty but nothing extraordinary. Now for the Salisbury steak, this dish was disgusting my husband said it tasted like canned Chile meat very processed and over seasoned. All I could taste was orange! It tasted like they marinated this meat in orange pin sol and then covered in chile powdered. I ate one bite my husband two. Dessert options weren't very interesting and the one that was actually southern, bread pudding was like someone trying to be southern by just adding a bunch of crap into a dish and being like bam this is a great southern dish. Sadly though adding popcorn and m&ms to chocolate bread pudding with very hard old tasting ice cream on top doesn't cut it. Besides the steak nothing was down right terrible but it wasn't amazing either. I would say if your looking for a place to eat I'd go elsewhere and if your looking for southern food find some good recipes and cook it yourself!