Seeing the other reviews it seems some had a good experience and some didn't. The only two times I dined here it wasn't great at all. This was a few years ago so I'll try to recall best as I can.\nThe first time our waiter was totally lost. We were seated promptly but waited quite a long time before we even got a waiter to come up and acknowledge us, I think it was closer to 10min? Even then the service was pretty spotty. Never came to refill our drinks til we flagged someone down after they were empty for awhile. Unfortunately the food wasn't good either. I got a burger n fries and the fries were overdone to the point it was hard all the way to the core. My friend ordered a soda before our meal and he never got it! When he finally managed to grab our waiters attention to it, it was after we were done eating. I couldn't complain about the overdone fries til that time since our waiter seemed non-existant after we got our food til we saw and flagged him down at the end of our meal. At that my point my friend said don't even bother since we were done and ready to go. The atmosphere and prices are reasonable but I wasn't gonna ever go back.\nThe ironic part is about a year later, I was hanging with a friend visiting from out of town and we were gambling at the Rio and thats the only place open for food in middle of the night and we were both hungry. I was hesitant since my first experience. I even told that friend what happened that time. But my friend said nah, let's just eat here so I said ok. And what do you know, we end up with the exact same waiter I had the first time! I literally thought O. M. G. I tell him after the waiter walked away that this is the same waiter he was shocked too lol. Well maybe that first time was an anomaly and this time will be better right? WRONG. He basically served us similar to the first time, being pretty non-existant and he forgot something but I can't recall what item it was right now. Amazingly the fries were overdone again. I was starting to get the impression maybe someone there knew who I was and didnt like me? So deja vu haha.\nI'm sure the service there can't always be that bad and maybe I just got the same bad waiter both times, who knows. But I definitely will not go there again if it can be helped. It's sad though since I have found it overall very good at the Rio except for AAB&G and one time at the craps table.