Amazing!\n\nWhat can I say that hasn't been said below.  The best compliment that any bride\/groom wants to hear is that you had the best wedding that your guest has ever been to, and that is the compliment that we received repeatedly!  While we get credit for cutting out the boring speeches and superfluous wedding crap, Wedgewood gets the credit for the food, the music, the officiant, and the location.  We had the millennium package, so we only had to do our photography (Cashman Brother's Fine Photography was beyond amazing! -\n http:\/\/cashmanbrothers.com\/.) \n\nFirst, I give a lot of credit to DJ Murphy.  His song selections were on point!  But more than that, he is the real wedding coordinator for your entire night.  Like a drummer keeping pace for a band, he kept the pace for the wedding.  From the ceremony to the reception to our grand entrance to the buffet coordination, mother\/father \/ son\/daughter dance, cake cutting, to the open dancing, finally to the grand entrance, he just keep the flow going.  You can really just trust him to play the music that will make your night special.  Our dance floor was always packed, and we give all the credit to him.  \n\nSecond, Wedgewood just makes the process so easy.  With the millennium package, we spent about $16,500 for 101 guests.  The wedding coordination from Jacquelyn and Lindsey was great!  The room looked amazing with the options included in the package.  We had an upgrade with the floral package that was an additional $900 for decorations and $500 for the types of flowers we wanted, but it was worth it.  (One small hiccup was Wedgewood forgetting to order our dessert bar, but we really didn't care because the night was so great and it immediately contacted me the next day with an apology and an immediate refund of that charge.)  We were completely stress free during the entire process, which amazed a lot of our friends and family.  \n\nThird, the food.  We were originally going to go with a plated option, but changed to the buffet when we saw that we got two carving stations.  We selected the fish (mahi mahi), chicken in a white wine sauce, prime rib (really good), and lamb (hit and miss, but overall good).  Our guests had the ability to go through the line multiple times, so we enjoyed that.  \n\nWedding Cake.  The package included a wedding cake from Freed's bakery.  We selected different types for each tier, which was an almond cake with an amaretto filling and a chocolate cake with a mocha filling.  My wife loved the almond cake so much, she wanted to eat the top level we are saving for our anniversary, but we just ended up ordering another one to eat.  Another small SNAFU, some guests did not get wedding cake.  I don't know what happened, but I'm guessing that our other guests were snagging the cake off tables.  Either way, memorable cake.  The Wedgewood plating with a chocolate covered strawberry was nice.\n\nAlcohol.  The bar service was amazing.  I only went there once, but we had our bar open prior to the ceremony so people could get a drink before it started.  From what I was told, the bartenders were very fast and friendly, and my guests abused the bar to their hearts' content. Each table had a bottle of red wine and white wine, and a bottle of champagne as well.  Wedgewood also made signature drinks for my bride and me, so our guests enjoyed that as well.  \n\nOfficiant.  Pastor Ed was great!  Everyone really enjoyed him.  He kept the ceremony moving, but it was very touching.  He is incredibly polished and sincere, and you will be in good hands with him.  \n\nPhoto booth.  A definite must have.  I forgot to tip the attendant, but I'll take care of that later.  He put together an album of everyone's pictures and had them sign the sheet for us.  It was a surprising touch that I was happy to see the next day.  \n\nBridal Suite.  We did not elect to stay at hotel provided by Wedgewood, but we went to the M Resort.  It is beyond beautiful there.  My guests who stayed there were impressed by the luxury and service.  You get free parking, free valet (which are sadly getting phased out on the strip), and the pool was amazing.  We elected to do a cabana for our friends and family the next day. The cost was $550, but the $500 was just a minimum you had to guaranty.  The cabana had a private Jacuzzi, shower, and fridge, and everyone was super impressed.  The food was dynamite too.