I wish I would've known before I signed a lease what a horrible and unhealthy place to live the Onnix is.... I am taking the time out of my insane life to hopefully spare any unknowing people from being in such a predicament.  I moved in five months ago thinking it was a descent place but quickly learned I was deceived.  The water problem is a true real issue, as stated prior in reviews and MOLD is also a huge problem.  The toilet in my apartment luckily kept running after it was flushed and when I lifted the lid I found the entire tank covered in MOLD.  This prompted me to check the other bathroom and you guessed it, that tank was covered also!!!! I immediately called the office and there was no response at all for days.  Three days later I find a note on my door, they are dropping of equipment to test the air in the apartment to insure their employees were not exposed to toxic levels of bacteria before entering the apartment, which I have lived in for five months. I called the office to inquire why they were testing the air and they stated it was so they could determine what they were dealing with, in my perspective it was to verify their staff would not be exposed to toxic air, with no regard for my well being. The equipment was dropped off and then picked back up two days later.  After the equipment was picked up I went in to pay rent four days later and asked for the results.  I also asked why they had not come to resolve the CONTAMINATION.  I was then asked to email them. I learned quickly anything needed to be in writing, so I sent them an email requesting the results, stated that something needed to be done by the end of the week or they would be in breach of contract voiding the lease agreement.  I also included a picture which I am saving of this disgusting lack of due diligence by Onnix to provide a healthy safe residence.  I received no response on the email.  The following day I received a voicemail asking if maintenance had been to the apartment.  I then received a message that same day that \"this was NORMAL and its NO BIG DEAL\".  If it wasn't a big deal why would they test the air...a bacterium is deadly!!!!!!!  The same day I returned the call, again asked what air test was done and requested the results per my email.  I was then told the maintenance person would have the results and be there the following day.  Later that evening, I came home to bacteria covered rags in my trash with no lid and the tanks had been cleaned FINALLY but I was left with bacteria exposure in my bathroom trash!!!!!!!  The following day maintenance came to the apartment without promised test results and again dismissed what could be a deadly issue. \n\nWe can see this was a huge issue of mine but let me tell you there have been plenty since day one of moving in, for example the smell in my apartment is a mildew\/cigarette smell that has also been complained about and never fixed, when maintenance came in to fix my door to my bathroom (that was near falling off it's hinges) they left the mess for me to pick up which happened to be pieces of wood covering my bathroom floor; my shower door fell off the track weeks after moving in and not too mention there was also mold\/mildew sitting in the bottom of the shower track as well. The sliding glass door to the outside also never stays on its track the the screen falls off almost weekly, I mean I could go on but the bottom line is the rent here is not worth the living situation, if living here at all. People are not safe in their own homes!!!!!