I don't typically write reviews, especially bad ones, but my experience yesterday at BW3's was frustrating.  I'll say first, I'm a bit more of a vegetable lover but went to this restaurant last night at my son's request for his 17th birthday.  My daughter has a gluten intolerance, so it was frustrating to see that there was nothing diet friendly for her.  But we made the best of it due to the birthday.  I ordered a side salad as my meal.  What I received was one of the most spoiled gross plates of, what used to be food, in front of me.   I felt like Gordon Ramsey picking through my dish.  Most of the lettuce was brown and wilting.  Buried under that, was a wad of dark brown mush approximately 2 inches in diameter.  I thought at first it may be a mushroom, but no... it was (or used to be) lettuce.  More appropriately you could call it compost.  I showed my server my discovery.  He apologized profusely and took the salad back and brought me a new one.  This one was fine.  Missing some of the ingredients that are supposed to come on it, most notably the Parmesan cheese.  But at that point it didn't really matter.  I didn't have trust in the BOH\/kitchen and was too grossed out to eat anything more.  My daughter also had a side salad.  I started inspecting her food after sending mine back.  Her lettuce was in the same dismal shape, minus the wad of rotted food.  I can only imagine how many days ago those salads were prepped and sat. 5? 10 maybe?  I sent her salad back too.  I was told a manager would be stopping by.  He never did.  Salads were also not comped from the receipt.  I chose not to complain because my son was already feeling bad about not choosing a restaurant everyone would enjoy.  I assured him it wasn't his fault but there was definitely a deflated feeling to the meal.  I worked for over 10 years in the food industry doing every job from server\/dishwasher\/expo\/hostess\/wait staff\/to event planning.  I know what goes into a kitchen.  I have grave hesitations about eating the food here based off what I saw last night.