Nice dressy place with food being small portioned and meh flavored. In fact it does taste Smokey as if made by smokers who do not wash well after their smoke break.\n\n     Worst service ever, I have eaten here quite a bit and being a local I had always dined in but for once I had family from out of town and I wanted them to try one of my go to places. You'd think seeing me over and over they would treat me as a regular and nice service. So I do suffer from a case of OCD so I order how I would eat my food and I started with an order of Hot and sour soup, ordered about $70 of food, he repeated my order and I mentioned he forgot about the soup and he said ok and wrote it down, I gave him my debit card and it got declined no biggie I carry cash so il just figure out why my card got rejected. \n\n    My card was part of a breach so it was cancelled another card was on its way. So I get my order and I got some of the smallest portions I have ever gotten at a Chinese joint especially for $75, well they forgot my soup so I ask for it and they charge me for it, that's fine ok il pay so I give them a credit card. Now when my card got rejected it was empty so no problem I know I got money I know it was some thing reasonable, by the time they charge me my soup now there are guest in the place. The waiter looks at my card and tells me \"are you sure your cards not going to get rejected?\" Really I just gave you a different card different color and just gave you $75 cash. I ask for a manager and he comes out and looks at me and begins talking in mandarin I believe to the other workers and they say he doesn't want to talk to me. I demand my money back as I felt disrespected in so many ways as I'm getting my money the \"Manager\" approaches the counter with 3 other workers and they begin to speak and laugh and point at me. \n\n    I mean really this is a business where someone pays so much for your small portion food and you make condescending remarks in a foreign language I mean if that's the type of business you support then please enjoy. There are so many other options for Chinese please support friendly caring businesses not places like this, if they do this to my face who knows what they do behind our backs. God bless