Over all, our stay at Scottsdale Camelback Resort was a great vacation.  The resort is a convenient location in regards to Camelback Mountain and Scottsdale \/ Old Town, etc.  We stayed in a 2 bedroom unit and had requested we be in the back of the complex based on other reviews, which was a good call - Camelback Road can be quite busy with a lot of road noise. \n\nWhen we arrived, our room wasn't ready yet.  We did arrive around (11am-ish) before the check in time, which is 4pm.  Due to other plans we had, we reluctantly left our bags with the front desk and had to leave.  The woman we checked in with said our bags would be placed in the room once it was ready and they would try and have it available ASAP for us.  We got back to the resort around 4pm, our room was ready and our bags had been delivered. \n\nFirst impression of our room... Eh, decent.  The room was clean, however there was no security chain on the door, no 'do not disturb' sign available, and aside from the heat wave coming through the the black front door, I could actually see daylight through the cracks.  I understand the desert sun does no favors, but maybe black isn't the right color to be used here.  From other Yelp reviews, the bathrooms seemed updated; ours, was not.  Rather old school 2\" square tiles, brass fixtures, and a pull-cord in the shower to keep the hot water running (very camp-ground like).  Again, I understand this is a desert and water is a hot commodity but I would expect this at a much lesser quality motel, and not a 'resort'.  The toilet in the master bathroom also kept running, so we had to shut two doors to completely tune that annoyance out.  We were never informed of maid service either, and didn't really expect it (because of the time share experience) - until we had returned one evening to a note that Karen had attended our room that day...knowing that she was coming would have been nice.  \n\nThe fireplace was nice, though we didn't use it; and the kitchen was very nice including granite countertops. Gorgeous windows so we could see Camelback from our room, and a spacious walkout patio with a sliding door from the living room and master bedroom.  The large flat screen TVs were nice too, thought the channel selection was a bit lacking and confusing at the same time.  \n\nThe grounds...  We walked the kokopeli trail several times, it's a nice walking path around and through the the resort.  There's also a putting range, mini golf, grilling areas, and a labyrinth available. Very nice amenities.  We sat at the pool most mornings too. Pool was nice and clean, but we never really jumped in.  I did notice that most front row lounge chairs were reserved with beach towels. (The rules did state that reserving chairs at the pool was not allowed.) There's a nice fireplace and seating area on the pool deck too, nice touch.  We ate at The Grille once too, pretty decent quesadillas and really good onion rings!\n\nTrip Advisor lists this place a 7 out of 73 resorts.  I would not give it that rating at all.  A nice resort, but there are others out there that I've stayed at I would place much higher than this place.