We went to Gold Standard for over a year. They changed my child from room to room and teacher to teacher and although she was 4 they kept her with the three year olds. No big deal. I asked about it and they said all the kids were learning the same stuff so it didn't really matter. Ok. When the school year started they made more changes and started a pre-K class. Still my daughter stayed with the three years olds (she missed being old enough for kindergarten by 5 weeks). They said she was learning the same as the pre-K kids when I asked. I find that hard to believe as I could barely understand what most of the three year olds were saying. Every morning the kids are parked in front of the tv as 1 frazzled person tries to manage 10-15 kids ranging in age from newborn to 6.  In the afternoon the kids are either watching tv again or outside playing ( about a 1-20 ratio). One day I couldn't find my daughter and the teacher told me she had to be put in a different room because they were expecting an inspection and had to make sure they had the proper ratios in each room. One morning I witnessed a frazzled older lady spank a child and yell at others to shut up. The final straw for us was when they called CPS. My daughter had a small scratch on her face and didn't want to be hugged by anyone. They told me as 'mandated reports' they had to report suspicion of abuse. That I get but she had a scratch on her face! And another sign for them was when CPS arrived at the daycare my daughter wouldn't let them take her clothes off to look at her body and she asked for her mommy. My child was removed from the school in the middle of the day and taken to the hospital to be examined. The child abuse specialist at the hospital was dumbfounded as to why my child had been brought in and reported to CPS no indication of abuse. When I spoke with the director of the school she was arrogant and rude and in no way felt she had over stepped. I collected my daughters things and never went back. All in all I just don't think the people working there have the knowledge or experience to be responsible for other people's children.