If there was one word to describe my experience at metro it would be - beignets!  \n\nBut before I get to the best part, let me start at the beginning. The boyfriend and I decided to try Metro after seeing their menu as part of Yelp Eats. We didn't make it there during the event but still wanted to check it out anyway. We went on a Friday night after work and the place was busy but not packed so we were seated right away.\nThe menu is somewhat small but with many tasty looking options. One thing I would have liked were better descriptions of what the food was. I don't know much about French food so there were several items that were unfamiliar to me, including what I ordered.\n\nIt was listed as a Croque Monsieur O Madame and was described as ham and cheese on bread (essentially.) But when I went to order it the waiter asked me \"which one?\" I guess I should have realized the O was OR but there was only one option on the menu so I was confused. He said the Madame meant it came with an egg.  Maybe if you're really into french food you know this. I didn't, and I think it should be listed on the menu. Plus Madame = egg. Well okay yeah I get it but, ew?\n\nThe boyfriend ordered a cheeseburger. No confusion there! He got a side salad and I got fries as my side because that's the kind of lady I am. And we got an extra side of mac and cheese - It had been a long week. \n\nFirst I have to mention the bread that comes out before the meal was SO good. You get a bucket of mini baguettes with herb butter. Delish!\n\nOur food came out quickly. My sandwich was huge. And I will say the egg kinda made the dish. The bread was a little hard but otherwise it had a good flavor. The fries (or should I say pommes frites!) were amazing. They had an herb seasoning on them ad they came with an aoli on the side for dipping. YUM.\n\nThe boyfriend said the burger was just okay, a little dry and overcooked. \n\nThe mac and cheese was very tasty - served in a little cast iron dish so it stayed warm for a long time. And the breadcrumbs on top were a nice touch.\n\nOkay, so now we get to the best part. Being a donut lover of course we had to order beignets. They come 6 to a plate with 3 dipping sauces - chocolate, vanilla and raspberry. They were so fresh and soft and the sauces were flavorful. The perfect end to the dinner. The only minus was that they were $7. That's over a dollar per beignet. Full sized donuts are 80 cents. But they were good so I let it slide.\n\nSo if nothing else I'd go back just for the fries and beignets. \nAu Revoir!