I came to this salon as a new customer. I wanted a Brazilian Blowout hair treatment, cut and color. And this salon offered everything. I had very long wavy hair that tangles and frizzes easily so I wanted to try the chemical treatment to smooth it out and make it look healthier. I opted for a hair cut to take off 4 inches to help my flyways grow out and catch up with the rest of my hair. I came in for a consult with Elaine she said no problem. \n\nOn the day of my appointment, I cancelled the color bc I thought it would be to rough on my hair and thank god I did because my experience was a nightmare. The Brazilian blowout is a chemical treatment involves putting solutions in my hair, blow drying hair, then flat ironing the hair then it all must be washed and dried and flat ironed a 2nd time. \n\nThis stylist worked fast and was not gentle on detangling my hair. She would come across tangles and yank at them throughout the entire visit. She cut my hair last and my head hurt so much from how she handled my hair that I wanted to leave, I would look down on the floor to see the hair that she yanked out and didn't even want to look at the finished result. When I got into my car I had a huge head ache and I left feeling pretty upset that I went in for a treatment and cut to make my hair look healthier but it was all for naught considering how much breakage she caused by not being gentle. \n\nYes my hair is smoother but who cares with all the extra flyaway hairs she created. My scalp hurt for 12 hours from her heavy handedness and I can't believe I paid for that kind of abuse. The salon did offer an $80 discount but really should be free considering the breakage and unnecessary discomfort. I consulted a few different stylists and spoke with the owner and they all said my head shouldn't hurt from the hair treatment so then what is left to blame- the heavy handed stylist. I have had my hair cut and styled at many different salons in Lakewood and I never had a problem with stylist detangling my hair ever before. I didn't even know how to handle the situation and she was the only stylist in the salon no one else was there to consult during the process until it was over. The stylist should never have to be told not to yank at tangles. I will never go back and seriously nervous about how a stylist will treat my hair in the future. \n\nAll in all it was a waste coming here. A total waste sacrificing hair length for health because\nmy hair would be healthier never having trusted that woman to touch my hair.