Rumor is a very unique boutique hotel property and I love staying there every time that I visit Las Vegas.  I've stayed in both the regular rooms and the suite with friends and had a blast in both of them.  If you like Rumor, check out their sister property, The Artisan Hotel (Great, relaxed afterparty scene with a good mix of locals and interesting, cool, generally very nice people).  My favorite thing about the hotel is the atmosphere, very live and let live.  This is definitely a gay-friendly hotel, so if you're uncomfortable with that, you're going to want to stay elsewhere.  I would not say this is a family hotel at all, however (free adult programming on tv). It's just not that type of property.  Rumor is great because you can play your music in your room and have a good time as long as things stay reasonable, many other hotels would have security knocking on your door, not here.  The pool is fantastic for lounging around and drinks\/food are much more reasonable than the other, larger, day pool parties you can find in Vegas.  They even have a hotel driver that can take you anywhere for very reasonable rates, he was super friendly and it's smart to have a designated driver in Las Vegas, also, if you're alone and female, it's smart to have a driver you know by name and can be safe with.  Everyone on staff was great from check-in to the bar staff, very young, friendly and easygoing.  I found myself unwinding at the hotel bar at the end of my nights as a result.  The rooms are very unique in that you're getting a much larger room for your dollar spent than most other hotels in the area.  The large overhead shower with glass enclosure is a very useful feature.  This hotel seems ideal for bachelor or bachelorette parties and groups of friends, the larger rooms can comfortably sleep 6 people and they also offer 24-hour bottle service as well, although you have CVS via a 10 minute walk as well.  This is a very well executed property and I always have an absolute blast when I stay there.  Hoping to get to Vegas this December and will be looking forward to more quality time spent at Rumor.  Pro-Tip: If you can get away during the week they have great specials with very reasonable nightly rates.