Can I give negative stars? \nMy boyfriend and I went into this restaurant for a drink while walking through old town. We were welcomed in and told that there were 2 seats at the corner of the bar. We sat and asked them what their on drink selection was. Since they were all over priced and we were just stopping by for a drink while we explored the area we ordered a beer each. I accidently bumped into a customer that was wedged in the corner eating dinner when I went to sit in the high top chair. I apologized to her and quickly we started up a conversation with this couple that was in their 50's. The manager rushes over asks the couple if they would like to move... okay weird. They said no. I wasn't trying to intrude on their meal or anything and they did seem interested in the conversation. As I turn back to the bar the bartender slaps our tab on in front of us. He said \"here's your check please pay and leave.\" I said \"Excuse me\" and he responded \"You are a waste of space at my bar.\" I was shocked! Never have I been treated like that or basically kicked out of a bar. I have worked in customer service my entire life and I definitely do not deserved to be treated like trash. I became infuriated as I responded \"are you serious?\" All he said was \"Leave\" and walked away from us. My boyfriend said, \"Let's just get out of here. This place sucks anyway.\" As we walk out I see the manager as he ushers us towards the door and I told him what happened and he said \"I'm sure this isn't the first time that you have been kicked out of somewhere!\" WHAT!!!!!! Seriously?! What sparked all of this? I like to have a good time, I am social, I love a good drink and great food! WHAT THE HELL! NEVER in my life have I ever been kicked out of somewhere and I cannot even begin to understand why I was kicked out of this restaurant bar. For god sakes it is an italian restaurant with carpeting! Yuck and the manager or owner what ever he is such a d-bag!  Plus he appeared to be drunk or on drugs or something. Such a weird, trying to be sauve, high on something, wanna be al pacino presence. How do you run a business like this and survive? I however cannot comment on the food since I will NEVER EVER go back there, but with such horrible discriminating service who would ever go there?! Save yourself the aggravation and do not help this jerk prosper with your hard earned money. What a fake establishment! They welcome you in to the bar from the street and then kick you out? Very questionable service to me.