On a rare rainy day, I entered the restaurant craving some soup and a sandwich. I could have gone through the drive thru but since this was my first time, I wanted to go inside and get the full experience. At the entrance, cute home décor items were displayed for sale. A fire was roaring in the middle of the restaurant and felt very cozy inside. Before ordering, the pastry display is right there with all these beautiful desserts staring at you screaming \"eat me!\". Oh I will, don't you worry!\n\nThere wasn't a line when I came in but then again it was around 3:30pm on a rainy day. Samples of their bread were available on the counter, in which I grabbed a slice of the asiago cheese bread. So good! I then asked the cashier for recommendations and he said the turkey, bacon and avocado sandwich was the best seller. I ordered it as a whole sandwich, a cup of corn chowder and a couple desserts (a mint chocolate brownie and a chocolate mousse dessert). All this and a beverage for $15, not pricey at all. If we are comparing it to paradise bakery, as many of the other reviews do, this is WAY cheaper! \n\nI wait a few minutes for my food to-go and continued to look around at the items for sale. I waited maybe 5 minutes and everything was ready to go. The sandwich was HUGE and looked so yummy. I couldn't wait to get home and eat. When I got home, I zapped the soup for 30 seconds just to heat it up again. The corn chowder was very good, it had sweet corn which gave it a sweet yet savory flavor. The sandwich was amazing...the focaccia bread was so soft and amazing! The sandwich contents kept falling out but still a great sandwich and was very filling. I actually had to wait many hours before trying the desserts. \n\nThe mint chocolate brownie was incredible! I also got the chocolate mousse dessert, which was good but not as good as the brownie. They have lots of other desserts to choose from as well and am excited to come back and try more!\n\nI have absolutely nothing bad to say about Kneader's. I am so excited this is not too far away from me and cheaper than other bakeries. I can't say this place really compares to Paradise Bakery anyways, the food and variety of desserts and concept are very different. Would totally recommend and will be back!!