The line here SUCKS. Big hairy (insert vulgar line here). \n\nBut apart from the 2 hour wait on Black Friday, the food here is great.\n\nNot gonna lie, the service wasn't top notch like the first time I had been here. The waiter forgot that I ordered water and when I asked him again, he was like \"Oh sure, of course!\" and both my dad and I were just befuddled at how no lightbulb went off in his head that we had already ordered that. And he was lucky that night, my parents and I didn't go crazy so he didn't have that many plates to clear.\n\nThe pumpkin and mushroom ravioli was DIVINE. I kept going back for more. The sweetness of the pumpkin was so refreshing in the ravioli, compared to all your typical meat sauce and cheese raviolis. The beet salad was also a great palate cleanser, I love beets! Ooh, and don't forget the prime rib! It was super tender and my favorite part was actually the more well done outer bits of the slice. And for the first time, I dipped the meat into the sauce that's supposed to go with prime rib...like heaven. In ma mouth. \n\nLet's see...what else, I don't know, they have all your typical buffet stuff, soup, salad, sushi, seafood, meat, classics, asian, etc. \n\nI looove their dessert line though. The banana crepes are soo delish and all the desserts are so cute. Little tarts, cookies, cakes and creams. And they even have a gelato scooper at the end. I tried as much as I could to my sweet heart's desire.\n\nThis was also a special occasion for me because I paid for our meal with my 1st paycheck ever :D I think because it was dinner and thanksgiving weekend, the buffet was about $37 or something per person. The grand total turned out to be about $111 or somewhere around there. \n\nIt's really sad that M is so far off the strip. It's a really nice and classy hotel in my opinion. And I think the buffet is really reasonable and worth it compared to some of the bigger hotels right on the strip. \n\nI'll definitely come back next time during the cheaper lunch on non-holiday weekends!\n\nP.S. It really irks me how buffet lines don't just give you a buzzer to tell you when it's your party's turn next...doesn't it make sense not to make people stand in your line for 2 hours that they could be spending depositing their life savings into your slot machines and crap tables?! If you let us wander while we wait for our spot in the buffet, we would definitely end up playing. Come on, it's vegas!