I took my parents to Rumfish last night for their last night visiting from St. Louis. I had been so excited to try Rumfish for months, despite the fact that I heard very mediocre things about it. It looked like such a cool and unique place, and I had very high hopes for it. We arrived around 8pm. We were told there would be a 25 minute wait, which was odd considering the restaurant was fairly empty (including the outside section because it was pouring out). After waiting over 30 min, we started walking around to see what was going on. After doing this, we suddenly got a text that our table was ready, and as we were walking to the table we could see that almost every other table in the restaurant was empty. We ordered 4 waters and received them after about 5 minutes. We were already feeling a bit leery about staying, but decided to go ahead and order because we had already picked what we wanted to order since we had looked at a menu while waiting for the table. We even signed up for the mailing list and received a free appetizer and had an appetizer picked out to order as well. When the waitress brought our waters, she said (and I quote), \"I will be back in exactly 2.5 seconds to take your order.\" After about 15 more minutes of sitting there and never seeing a single employee walking around, we decided we had no choice but to leave and take our business elsewhere. No one even saw us walk out of the restaurant or tried to get us to stay. We think they may have been understaffed because of the holiday. If they had informed us they were understaffed and running slower when we got there, we would have left right away with complete understanding and no negative feelings. All of us have worked in the restaurant industry and understand that can happen. The way Rumfish handled the situation was very frustrating and not aligned with good customer service practices. \n\nWe didn't get to the next restaurant until after 9pm. Thank you Rumfish for taking a (very frustrating) hour out of my last night with my parents. I will never go back.