If I said it once, I'll say it again. Stop writing Yelp reviews if you frequent Applebee's for your birthday every year. Four stars for this place is deceptively high. Once again, an entertainment district restaurant has lured us in and then subsequently disappointed us. \n\nLet's start with the tequila list. For a high end Mexican restaurant, I have a larger variety in my own bar. I did, however, order the Mañana tequila because it was the only one I hadn't tried. It was aggressive, full of agave but finished with a nice anise flavour. My girlfriend ordered the Fin de Dias, described as tequila reposado, campari, agave, pale ale floater and grapefruit zest. I found the drink to be boring, lacking complexity and could have been swapped with a tequila and grapefruit going undetected. \n\nWe ordered two appetizers: the chicken tinga empanada and the queso fundido. The empanada was delicious overall, but much improvement could have been made, even with a simple plating change. Stacking them on top of each other then pouring the sauce on top of that caused the steam and sauce to make them soggy. With the queso fundido, it was...queso fundido. So like, yeah cheese and pork meat. It's fucking good. Duh. But no ingenuity. Maybe a blend of goat cheeses for tartness or some sort of acidic garnish to cut the fat on your palette? No no! Not at Los Colibris.  \n\nNow the entree. We ordered the Chilies en Nogada. Upon arrival, the dish was not visually appealing. The first thing that stuck out were the large, asymmetrical, semi-cooked red peppers. I detest inedible garnishes and for me, a raw pepper at a restaurant of this calibre is inedible (the skin is very bitter and should be roasted off). I took an initial taste of the raw walnut sauce. It was gritty, overwhelmingly seasoned with cinnamon and entirely too sweet. We then proceeded to cut open the pepper. Everything appeared muddled, which in turn made it taste muddled. With the meat that I could find, I think the pork was broken down into chunks, which is not, in my experience, what picadillo is (it's typically ground). Like the sauce, it was cloyingly sweet. Ultimately the dish had to be sent back, with much apology from the staff who I found to be extremely attentive. \n\nAs we reviewed the menu to order an alternative, we realized it wouldn't have been worth the wait or the risk. We ordered our dessert to go and paid the tab. The dessert was yummy, which I devoured on my couch after we left. Mexican style bunuelos with guava and dulce de leche ice creams, which were yummy. \n\nI know this review sounds brutal. The dishes weren't BAD. They were just ok. But for the price range of this restaurant, they were totally unjustified and my intention is simply to forewarn future patrons.