When I think of a museum my first thought is a big, boring, building.  This building contains a lot of important, old things that you are not allowed to touch or take pictures of and everyone must be quiet as they walk through the exhibits.  However, even with this idea in my head I decided to take my daughter to the Arizona Museum for Youth to see their Once Upon a Time: Fairy Tales, Frogs, and Fables exhibit anyway.  I kept hearing great things about it and wanted to see it for myself.\n When I first arrived at the museum, on a sunny Wednesday afternoon, I immediately saw a big, boring, building just like I had imagined I would see.  Again, I decided to not judge a book by its cover and proceeded through the front doors.  Right as I walked in there were three friendly faces smiling at me.  They were surrounded by a colorful open room, which I was not expecting after seeing the outside.  Things were starting to look up, maybe I was wrong about museums.  My daughter and I made our way to the front desk and purchased our tickets, seven dollars for me and free for 2 and under, with no wait and no hassle.  Finally, we were pointed in the right direction and made our way over to the Fairytale, Frogs, and Fables exhibit.\n The exhibit featured many different fairy tale worlds.  They focused on Alice in Wonderland, Little Red Riding Hood, Hansel and Gretel, Cinderella, The Frog Prince, Fairies, and The Three Little Pigs.  Each story had its own room complete with pictures, costumes, descriptions, books, and activities.  What I thought was most interesting was how the pictures they had displayed were not classic pictures of the stories but the artists own unique interpretation of the classic tales, the room s each had books with different version of the stories from different cultures and there were tables spread out so you could make your own arts and crafts to take home.\n Overall we had a blast playing dress up, playing out stories, and making our own fairy wings to take home.  We only had enough time to stay for an hour but we could have easily stayed for three hours or more.  This was a perfect place to take my daughter to for a fun filled day in the fairytale worlds that we read about every night before bed.