I'm only giving this place one star because I couldn't figure out how to give half a star.\n\nNow, I'm neither a sushi expert nor a snob when it comes to it but I know quality sushi when I taste it and this was not it.\nIt was too bad because my friend and I were really excited to try this place out...especially since she lives across the street and we have been waiting for them to open their doors for a while. \n\nI kind of got the feeling that this was going to be an interesting evening when we walked in and nobody really acknowledged our presence until I gave the chef the \"tell me if I should seat myself or wait for the waitress before I stab you with a chop stick\" look...right after that he gracefully mouthed the words \"just sit anywhere\".\nAfter waiting for 5-7 minutes the waitress finally came and brought us water and gave us some menus to look over. Normally on a Friday evening I would've understood the wait but the place only had like 10 people inside! \n\nAt this point I am really hoping that the sushi will make up for the crappy service. The menu had some unique rolls with some traditional rolls too. We wanted to try some of their own creations so we picked the Sqidinator, Bubba Gump roll, and the old favorite...the Philadelphia Roll. \n\nSo, at this time I'm feeling pretty good about our choices until they made us wait forever for our food. I think the remaining artic glaciers melted while we were waiting...ok so I'm exaggerating but that's how it felt! \nWhen they finally brought out the sushi the Philly roll and the Squidinator were first. I went for the squid first and as soon as I bit down all I could taste was the mayo they put inside. It was so overpowering you couldn't even taste the squid. Obviously I was disappointed. Now, with the taste of mayo and fried squid in my mouth I reached for the Philly roll hoping the cream cheese inside would wash away the aftertaste of the roll. At least with this roll they didn't add too much of anything but the quality was definitely not there. I mean c'mon who messes up a Philly roll! They managed to make it taste like something I could buy at Safeway! \n\nNow, all my hopes, dreams and future business were dependent on a roll named \"Bubba Gump\". Well just like the movie this roll should have been left to die in Vietnam! Again, they added to much mayo and some kind of hot sauce. They should have just gave me a bowl of mayo, hot sauce and rice...maybe that would have been cheaper because for these prices I should have gone to Stingray or Ra. Now, the worst part came at the end of the evening...no it was not the bill it was when the waitress asked if everything was good...and I answered \"everything was great! To this day I don't know what left more of a bitter taste in my mouth...the food or my lie. \n\nThis might have all been grand opening bugs they will work out but for the time being for quick sushi I am sticking to Sakana which is around the corner from my place.