Over the years I have used Two Men and a Truck for several moves; home and business.  This latest experience was absolutely horrible, and anyone should look around before choosing this Charlotte location.  Where to start?  There was a lot of damages.  The equipment being used was sub par, the loading ramp was damaged and when the men stepped on it was very unstable.  They dropped a vintage arcade machine from the height of the truck, smashed it well beyond repair ($3,500), put deep gashes in a wooden headboard (about 2.5 feet long), knocked casters off of a kitchen butler, and left it propped up so no one would notice until after they left, dented my stainless steel refrigerator.  We are still finding items that were damaged.  And, the coup de grace they knocked over a custom stone column entry to my driveway upon exiting.  My wife also found one of the men in our bar area filling a Gatorade bottle with our vodka.  So, the company has been polite but they don't pay for the damages.  Still waiting for an insurance claim on the property damage, but any damages done to the contents you are screwed.   They have you sign a waiver upon arriving, and this is a coverage that pays based on the weight of your item.  They pay $0.60 per pound.  CONSUMER BEWARE  I was not an informed consumer, and for that I take the blame.  \n\nHere is their statement:   \"I understand that you are not satisfied with the resolution, however your claim was settled based on the Basic Valuation Protection that was elected on the day of your move.  I have two signatures, one on the Bill of Lading, and the other on the Addendum to Uniform Household Goods Bill of Lading.  I also understand that the settlement will not replace the arcade machine, however the Basic Valuation Protection is not replacement value coverage.  Again, I sincerely apologize for the damages.\"\n\nI am looking at around $7,500 in damages, and have received around $400.   There are other choices for movers out there, and I would stay far away, very far away from TWO MEN AND A TRUCK, CHARLOTTE, NORTH CAROLINA.