I was in town for a couple days with friends and came here for happy hour since it received great yelp reviews and a thumbs up from our hotel staff. We had a few of the happy hour cocktails- house white, the maid (was ok,  tasted like a margarita couldn't taste the cucumber at all and had way too much ice. It was literally 2 large swallows and gone) the fix (too sweet and again way to much ice) and the mule (served in a glass not the standard copper mug a mule should be in and was also just filled up with ice) none of the drinks seemed to have much alcohol so it may almost be better to skip happy hour drinks unless you're getting beer or wine. We had an app from the happy hour menu, house soft pretzels which they came out nice and warm but the provolone had no taste, just a cream sauce. Definitely  did not taste like provolone. For our meals I had a cheese and prosciutto board, the truffled crescenza cheese was really good, the prosciutto was just ok. I've had a lot of similar meat boards in NYC and Boston and this was not even comparable. Not good quality of meat and not enough for the $10 price (the crusty bread and mustard accompanying the dish was also a disappointment. I mean, who serves mustard with a prosciutto plate??) The bread was flavorless and too thickly cut for the small pieces of meat. I ordered a couple of the extras - prosciutto deviled eggs (awfully dry and flavorless) and roasted beets (honestly the best part of my meal). Two in my party had the cheeseburger they said were good, not great, and one of us had the crab legs which were ok but after she ate them she was still hungry so ordered a burger to go. The prize of the meal was the salted carmel pudding which the waitress told us won a couple awards in the city and it was delicious! All in all, we would probably not go back next trip, there are so many restaurants in the area. I also want to mention how lovely our waitress was, very friendly and attentive and answered all our questions. Great service here but the food was not up to par.