Went here on our way out of town since we pass it so often and wanted to give it a try.  When we arrived it took a minute to be seated and once the hostess was available she placed in the very back corner by the bathrooms, not an ideal spot but considering the lack of space in the place, we didn't complain. I looked at the menu hoping to have a mimosa as a celebratory item for our mini getaway and instead ordered a soda since they did not offer alcohol. \n\nThis is where the trouble began...The soda and waters that we ordered came back rather quickly. The soda was brought in the can with an extra glass, I explained to the waitress\/hostess I would not need the extra glass, if you were going to give me the can and charge me the same as a fountain drink I would just drink it out of the can. We went ahead and placed our orders, he had steak and eggs and I ordered the huevos rancheros, the waitress commented on how good they were. It took a little bit for them to come back with our food and I'm pretty sure there was some sort of shift change or something because all of a sudden there were new waitresses and people sat after us were receiving their food. Finally a new waitress came back and brought our food out.\n\nThe steak and eggs was sad looking. The 8 oz steak was a little overdone for medium and frankly way to small for that big mean plate. \n\nMy huevos rancheros....were not huevos rancheros...I have never been so repulsed by a plate. Under the mountain of melted and slightly burned cheese was some more grease with bell peppers, carrots, tomatoes, and then the eggs and beans and somewhere underneath that was the tortilla. The beautiful part about huevos rancheros are the eggs and I couldn't even find them. After a few minutes of trying to get past the carrots, which if I had known that they were on there I never would have ordered this item, I gave up and felt sick. I had run out of soda and water and steak and eggs was out of water too and for the life of me the new waitresses would not come back to give us anything else...I told steak and eggs that I was going to the bathroom and he could send my food away..\n\nAfter a small upheaval in the bathroom, I came out and he was explaining to the manager Norm that I did not like my food on the advice of his waitress and Norm asked me what was wrong with it...Sorry Norm, I didn't have the time. Just look up a better recipe. He said he would have offered to exchange my order out but honestly, if your cooks can not prepare a simple dish of a tortilla, beans, eggs, and salsa and maybe some cheese, I can not take the chance. All in all, I'm glad I am the minority of this place.