I came here for my birthday and originally had a bigger group - the owner Stan was very accomodating and patient as I had many changes back and forth in terms of the group number and even suggested how I organize my group back to back, and welcomed us to play board games in their front lobby in the event we need to wait. \n\nI saw they had 1 room available and the other room was supposed to be ready just in time before my birthday - Escape from Usavich - but it seems that the 2nd room was not fully ready to be released to the public. Stan was very nice and offered to let us beta test the room free of charge. That was a very nice offer and a cool experience seeing an escape room in progress of being complete. He even had the staff work on some lighting so that we could have the most effects possible, even though it was a beta version.\n\nThe Osaka High room was MUCH scarier than I expected. Although half of my friends didn't find it scary, the other half did. I did a lot of escape rooms and have seen scarier ones, but for some reason this one really scared me. I think it's because a lot of the elements in there are exactly how it is in horror movies, so it made me think of those movies and made me feel like I was in one myself (which also means the room is very well made). We were given more time since we started later, which was nice. The only thing I didn't like is how dark it was. I know it had to be dark for the spooky theme, but it was so dark that we had trouble seeing clues and we only had 2 flashlights. My suggestion is to give more flashlights, or at least 1 per person.\n\nI found Mayze to be slightly different from the other escape rooms I have been to - the other escape room places are \"broad choices, slightly shallow rooms\" - have more escape room themes, but the #of rooms inside is probably around 4 on average. While Mayze is \"limited choices, deeper rooms\" - Mayze doesn't have a lot of escape room themes, but each esc room has many more rooms inside....I kept thinking it was the last room, only to find more - very surprised at how big it was, as the building itself looks small from the outside. And unlike the other places you may have been to, where each room has multiple puzzles and a million locks to open - Mayze's rooms have 1-2 'big' puzzles per room. I like this a lot better. And the rooms may link to each other; so be sure to observe carefully each room otherwise we had to go back and forth to several rooms to confirm clues again.\n\nOverall, great place - highly recommended! Great rooms that are well thought out, and refreshing from the typical escape rooms you've been to. Staff is friendly and there's room to lounge to play board games while waiting. Will definitely be back; can't wait to try their other new rooms as they are released!