So I wound up at the breadfruit with the Yelp Az International Supper Club (my 1st time, and glad I went, look forward to many other eating adventures to come!) on a Thursday night, 1st off how come no one has written about the parking? I'm from Chandler and don't go downtown that often, and didn't bring change with me for the parking meters so wound up in a parking lot not too far from the restaurant and paid 5 bucks for less than 2 hours.  Oh well, I'm putting it out their now, bring change to feed the meters.\n\nI have mixed feelings on the Breadfruit and I'll explain, the food, which was good, I enjoyed it and did eat it, I think is little overpriced, for example the pineapple upsidedown cake I order, that was maybe 4 bites was 9.50, that was more than my pina colada, come on now, maybe they want you to drink to forget the prices lol. Also people were saying the size of the entrée dishes were small, but for me it was perfect, I think it's because we are so used to our plates being full of food that we forget what the right portion of food is. But because of the price, I am rating it 3 stars for now.\n\nThere were mussels for everyone to enjoy, and if you are seafood person I bet they would have been for you! I did try one, the broth was delish! The flavors omg so good, the only thing that ruined it for me was the mussel, but that's because I don't care for seafood, so don't listen this part of my review haha.\n\nMy friend and I ordered the Plantain Avocado Spring Rolls, which were avocado, ripe plantains baked in a wanton wrap paired with house mango chutney. Ok if you never had an avocado cooked, then it would throw your taste buds for loop, but for me this little appetizer was good, and the mango chutney was a perfect paring! Didn't disappoint!\n\nI ordered the Jerk Chicken off the grill, I have been craving jerk chicken forever, and this came with a slaw of sorts, mango chutney, grilled pineapple and a corn on the cobb that tasted like it was glazed in coconut, omg so good, I wish all corn on the cobb was like that! The jerk chicken had great flavor and kick! My taste buds were jumping! I cut up a little piece and paired it with a piece of grilled pineapple & mango chutney and it was party time! Like eyes rolling back good! Man that was great!  The little bread stick was a nice treat too, little bit on the sweet side, enjoyed it.  That was a perfect dish! I would come back for that!\n\nOk so I wound up ordering desert, which is something I rarely do, but I was sold on the description of pineapple upside cake, I love that stuff!!! Well I had high hopes for this cake, it was a very small portion and it came with a steep price of 9.50. If it was everything that had been described to me, I think I would have been ok with the price, but the cake was dry, not as moist as I like it, it had few pineapples on it, and the glazed was only on the corner of the cake, but that glazed was good.  I just wanted it to be more than what it was! I think next time I will skip the desert and order another drink haha.\n\nGlad to have found the Breadfruit and I bet I will be coming back for that Jerk Chicken soon!