I avoided this location for the better part of a year, owing to a previous poster's cockroach sighting. I'm not a fan of vermin. \n\nBut time heals all wounds, as they say, and let's face it, hardcore sinophiles have few options within walking distance of the Promenade. \n\nSo, cast iron stomach girded, I decided to pay Congee Wong a visit. \n\nI'm glad i did. \n\nFull disclosure, I haven't ordered the Congee; I usually try it when in the company of people who know what they're doing. I stick to the noodles soups, dim sum items and the occasional dish from the main menu. \n\nNoodle soup arrives with hot, salty broth, sweet nappa cabbage and springy egg noodles. A dash of chillis in oil provide a tasty hum, without kicking my ass. THis broth is the foundation for protein choices including succulent char sui pork, roast duck (sometimes excellently crispy, occasionally flabby-drab), and springy crisp shrimp wontons that demand at least two bites to finish. It's a total meal in a bowl. \n\nIf you're still hungry, or want to share, spring rolls are likewise nicely crisp,.  packed with barely cooked veggies. I avoid the accompanying sweet sauce, but then I'm not big on sugar. \n\nPan fried meat dumplings are a critical part of my childhood. They're bigger than the archetypal version I remember, but the skins are thin and deliciously browned, and the filling threatens to burst the suckers before they arrive in my mouth. They alone are enough. Har gow would be welcome, but in it's absence a trio of shrimp-paste stuffed veggies (eggplant, green pepper and tofu) bring a different dimension to the plate. \n\nI love Hot and Sour Soup. Congee Wong's is a delight; red in colour and buzzingly hot, it's loaded with the usual veggies, fungi, bean curd, generous batons of bbq pork,and popping pink shrimp. Shared along with some of the dim sum items, it's a fun lunch, Or you could opt for the DIY letuce wraps, which feature nicely-cooked chicken, crispy noodles and finely-diced veg. It's a bit tame for me, but nothing a dash of hot sauce can't fix. If I'm feeling lazy or fussy about the prospect of dropping lunch on my shirt, I just eat it straight out of the bowl. \n\nIf that makes me Wong, I don't want to be right.