2nd update ... still not very satisfied. I got a call last week from corporate. They left me a message saying that Bigo would be willing to exchange the tires that were not a proper fitment for my Cadillac for ones that were and that they would 'work with me'. I called the Bigo store and the person I spoke to said I could bring the car in and they'd look at the tires I had on the front and see if they could match the brand. I told them I had Bridgestone Dueler H\/L's on the front. He said he didn't think he had those in stock but we'd deal with that when I arrived the next day. When I came in I dealt with the same guy I did the first time. The guy did not offer Bridgestone tires to me and ended up putting on 2 Nitto Crosstek CUV tires. I have no idea how good or bad these tires are so time will tell. \n\nI guy I dealt with told me he couldn't help me the first time I came in because he had to get authorization from higher ups. The problem with that is that he never tried to get authorization for an exchange of tires for me. He simply told me the tires put on my car were the right size, he did nothing wrong and he would do nothing. I am the one who had to go over his head to get corporate BigO involved. This guy also said he misread the info about what my car required and took a shot at an apology.\n\nHere is the upshot of all of this and why I am still not satisfied. Exchanging the tires that were an incorrect fitment for my Cadillac ended up costing me an additional 206.60, on top of 406.52 I had originally paid. This included $ 35.98 for mounting and balancing, something I had already paid for with the first set of tires. I was also charged $ 57.90 for a tire warranty... something I has also already paid for with the first set of tires. These fees should have been waived or refunded,,, in that the reason I had to go through all this is because BigO installed tires that were a poor fitment on my Cadillac. \n\nSo let's recap the costs here:  $ 406.52 for tires and a warranty on tires that were a poor fitment for my car. Then $ 206.60 for replacement tires. Total out of pocket to me is $ 613.12 for 2 Nitto Crosstek CUV  rear tires on a 2007 Cadillac SRX\/. If I had purchased 2 of the most expensive Michelin tires Big O sells, mounting, balancing and a warranty, the cost would have been 652.90. This has been a great deal for BigO and a very bad deal for me. I will be speaking to the guy that called me from corporate Monday and requesting a refund of $ 101.80 for mounting and balancing and a tire warranty I had already paid for when the incorrect fitment tires were installed. \n\nCome on guys.... this is the reason people don't trust businesses. Mistakes happen and I get that. I appreciate the agreement to exchange tires, even though I had to go to corporate to get that. I am willing to pay the difference in the cost of the tires. But I did not install tires that were an improper fitment for my car.... BigO did. Mounting costs on the repalcement tires should be on BigO, not me. What good is a tire protection plan on tires BigO had to take back. Why do I have to pay for a new tire protection plan when I already paid for one for tires I no longer have. \n\nI gave BigO one star to start with and they are up to 2 stars. If they want a better review and more stars, I need a refund of $ 101.80