I brought my 10 year old Yorkie, Trixie, to Boca Park AH after reading the reviews and due to the close proximity to my home. My husband and I just relocated to Vegas from the East Coast, so we were asking around for vet recommendations, but then had to make a quick decision due to Trixie's illness (a lump we found in her right front leg). \n\nTrixie began limping at the beginning of December and then it got worse to the point she couldn't put her paw down. I called and made an appt with TJ over the phone and she was able to schedule us for the following day.  I was also able to email Trixie's vet records from our previous vet prior to our visit.  When we arrived for our appointment, TJ at reception greeted me warmly, had me fill out new patient paperwork and she took a photo of Trixie for her patient records. Shortly thereafter, the vet tech, Raquel, took us to an exam room where she looked at Trixie and took some preliminary notes before Dr. Ensign examined her. Raquel was personable, professional and compassionate.  She really took a genuine interest in Trixie and took detailed notes.  Dr. Ensign came into the exam room about 15 minutes later and gave Trixie a thorough exam. He was very gentle with Trixie and Trixie really liked him a lot - she didn't flinch or put up a fuss when he examined her.  Dr. Ensign provided a detailed diagnosis and discussed our options\/next steps. I scheduled Trixie for her blood panel work the next day and surgery early the following week. \n\nTrixie's surgery went well and her biopsy came back benign (thank goodness). She went in for a follow-up visit one week later, then had her stitches taken out a week after that. Her recovery has progressed nicely and she's walking at all with no problem. She's back to her sparky, bubbly self. \n\nTop Ten Reasons Why We Love Boca Park Animal Hospital:\n1. Dr. Ensign and his staff are all very friendly, professional and knowledgeable. \n2. Facilities are top notch - expansive, state-of-the art, very clean and modern. \n3. They have on-site grooming and also offer training and pet shuttle services.  \n4. Nice, clean, low-stress pet resort at various price points. I took a tour of the pet resort and plan on having our dogs stay there the next time we go out of town. It's nice to know that in the event one of our dogs were to become ill while we were away, their regular vet is on-site to take care of them!  Great peace of mind!\n5. Web site is awesome! Lots of detailed info and photos.\n6. They have Saturday hours!\n7. Lots of parking. \n8. Nice outdoor exercise area for dogs.\n9. Separate entrances for dogs and cats.\n10. Conveniently located in Summerlin area.\n\nEven though we had to take Trixie to Boca Park Animal Hospital for an urgent illness, we plan on taking our other 2 dogs as well for their regular vet check-ups and shots.