What ever you do, do not go here. These girls are theives and they are smart in their tactics. I pay the $5 cover and walk in with $252, remember this number. Dances are $25, paid for 4 dances, 2 were from the same girl that I bought back to back because she was a great dancer and then requested a 3rd. Including the singles I threw I am up to $115. Before the 3rd dance I was asked by the girl to remove the things in my pants that were protruding (wallet and phone), having experience in a few gentlemens clubs, this is so the girl can be comfortable and give you a better dance, I obliged but I kept my wallet and phone close and 1 hand on them. After the 3rd dance from this girl I attempted to pay her for the but got rushed and pushed back down by 2 other girls saying they will give \"extra service\" and one saying to the other \"cover me so I wont be seen\" as she attempted to put her hand down my pants. I tried to say something but one of these girls was already shoving their tounge down my throat so I could not verbally stop them. I remove my hand from my wallet and phone so I can push them off and tell them to stop. When I try to wrap my mind around what just happened I go back to reach for my phone and wallet to pay the original girl and get out of there. My phone is right next to me, but my wallet was almost 3 feet away somehow. There should have been $137 in my wallet, all that money was gone. The girls see me looking through it trying to comprehend where my all my money has gone and nonchalantly say \"oh, looks like you are out of money, oh well.\" They were not mad or angry, they did not get security to make me withdraw the money owed or kick me out. No, they were indifferent and acted as though it wasnt a big deal. I know they robbed me, they were the only people in that room besides me. But of course I will never be able prove it, its 3 against 1, and the bouncers will always be partial to the girls, and I was not about to make a scene in a strip club. I am never going back again, and for your sake, just go somewhere, anywhere else and have better time than I did.