Full disclaimer.  This review is going to be long--so if you like short and concise reviews--my apologies.  I just got back to my hotel room from eating here tonight.  We had made a reservation via open table for a party of seven. \n\nFirst of all--I want to make clear that the dining room itself is really beautiful.  While it is small--it is very nice and it makes for a cool environment.  I also want to make clear that the food itself was okay--not great--but not terrible. However--if you factor in the price for the food--the food does not live up to anything to the prices that they are charging.   The only reason why this place is even getting one star is because of the beauty of the dining room.  The terrible service and undeserved arrogance of the staff here is beyond egregious.  Their service is flagrantly bad.  \n\nOur miserable experience started when our entire group decided to start out with a round of ice waters.   We get the ice water--and a few of the people in our group decide that they would also like sparkling water.   Before anybody can say a word--everybodies ice water (which for the most part were untouched) were taken off of our table by a server.  Apparently they think that grown adults cannot handle having both a glass of ice water and a glass of sparkling  at the same time.  On top of that--they poured everybody sparkling water--even though only 3-4 out of our 7 person party ordered\/wanted sparkling water.  This was just the tip of the iceberg. \n\nShortly after we got screwed out of our ice waters and the entire group had sparkling water forced on them--we start evaluating the menus.  We knew the food was served family style--so our plan was to have each person in our party order whatever they wanted--and we would share amongst ourselves. We did notice that at the bottom of the menu--there was a tiny note that said there was a $40 minimum for each person. Being that most of the dishes were in the high $30's--by the time the sparkling water and rice would be added in--we would have had no problem hitting that minimum per person.  So the head waiter comes by and explains how the dishes are served family style--and we mentioned to him how we each wanted to order our own thing and share--and this is when the \"bait and switch\" or \"lie\" happened. Our head waiter lied and informed us that because we had a party of 7-that we HAD to do one of their pre-fixe packages that started at $66 per person.   You can read over their entire menu--and NOWHERE does it say that larger parties are forced to order their pre-fixe menu option. Let me make this clear--it wasn't that he was recommending that we order that--he effectively told us that we had to order that or we couldn't order at all.    We were lied to and absolutely ripped off. On top of that--the $66 per person pre-fixe menu restricts you from ordering any of their really top dishes.  If you want a top dish--you have to pay a premium on top of the $66 per person. \n\nSo we order our food (we didn't want to create a scene so we complied with the lie and did the pre-fixe thing). and for the most part it was okay.   It's food that is worth maybe $30 per person--but its certainly not worth anything close to $66 and up per person.  The green prawns were solid as were the walnut glazed prawns.  The chicken Joanna was \"meh\", the mixed vegetable portion for a group of 7 people was laughable, and the the crispy beef was beyond disappointing.  The crispy beef was basically all batter and no beef. \n\nAfter dinner--they ask us if we wanted any tea\/coffee\/desserts...etc.  A couple of the people in our party ordered stuff. One gal ordered a hot jasmine tea and another gentleman ordered a decaf coffee. The gentleman's coffee was not hot--in fact--it was almost cold--literally maybe room temperature.  They also brought him an entire tray of sugars--including cubed brown sugar--but neglected to bring any cream. They bring out the gals tea--it was a small pot of tea along with a cup.  I kid you not--this cup was smaller than the size of a shot glass.  It was beyond ridiculous.   Even when we weren't getting ripped off by the staff--we were battling their ineptitude and arrogance.  \n\nTo sum it all up--I will never go to this restaurant again.  I understand that food is a subjective thing and that prices will vary. However--I do know that most fancy restaurants that serve mediocre food generally provide service that is good and friendly enough to make up for this.  This place is the opposite.  Their food here is good to decent--but they come with astronomical prices.  Their service is garbage--and they have no problem ripping you off and forcing you into an even bigger tab.  \nYou end up leaving this place feeling like you grossly overpaid for mediocre food, got subpar service, and were possibly ripped off by the lies that their staff tells.  Do not go here--do not waste your money and time. Vegas has far better dining options.