I would have never gone to this place had it not been for yelp! This place is a hidden gem! I come here about once a week. I have ordered a wide variety of things here and I'm happy to report that I've yet to be disappointed. \n     Appetizer: their spring rolls are a must have. My friends love the shrimp one will I love their tofu ones. They sear the tofu making it firm and hefty so it's not some mushy mess like other places. Their peanut sauce is devine but a server gave us an awesome tip bc my friend has a peanut allergy, ask for the chili sauce or aoili sauce to dip them in. Best tip ever. Their Thai tea, coconut water, and jasmine green tea are so refreshing! \n     Pho. I've had the chicken, beef, shrimp, and veggie (I told you I'm a regular!) and they are all great. It's such a comforting soup and I crave it all the time. Their veggie one is particular amazing bc they cook their veggies to where they're a bit tender yet still have some crunch, the leeks in particular. They use fresh ingredients from Lee Lee's Market. Their Saigon noodles are delicious as well as their shaken beef and shrimp plate. I'm not typically a fan of rice vermicelli but my plate here was ok, not bad or good just ok. Their lemongrass chicken here made me a fan. I've been to other places and this place has the best. \n     Pricing and service. Ppl say it's a bit pricier than they would like but honestly it's not even that expensive. The pricing is similar to that of an Applebee's or other mid-level chain restaurant but the food is 100x better. I choose to support local businesses as much as possible anyways.       \n     Service: speedy and friendly. I've never had an issue. Even when they're jam packed (snow bird season and lunch time) the servers always come by and check in on our table. Sometimes if I'm feeling anti-social or getting out from work late I just order it for pickup and it's usually ready within 10-15 mins (always the tofu spring rolls and veggie pho). I've gotten my parents, sis, and a few friends hooked on this place, even those that typically don't like Asian\/Vietnamese food.