I just don't get it. I don't understand why Barrio is such a hit. Did I hit my head and lose my sense of taste? I doubt it. \n\nBarrio isn't horrible, but it certainly is not the most amazing Mexican cuisine that I have had. Barrio is the place that a guy who thinks he's in touch with La Raza (even though he grew up in Scottsdale)and takes his girlfriend to \"a little place in the ghetto\" he knows. For those of us that know what the Barrio is like, Barrio Cafe doesn't live up to its self proclaimed title of \"Comida Chingona\". \n\nI had the pleasure of having dinner at Barrio with my friend Ayesha. One thing that Barrio Cafe does have going for it is their super potent margarita. Maybe that's what makes all the patrons think that the food is so amazing. I had a top shelf margarita. It was really good! The tequila was smooth and the the margarita mix was not too sweet, and not too sour! I overheard our bartender explaining that the margaritas are 50 percent tequila and the rest is mix. Nice! I should have drank more, maybe this review would be a little better for them. \n\nWe were seated and greeted by a friendly waiter. He asked us if we would like the fresh made guacamole. Ayesha and I were both excited to try it. He brought around the cart and explained all that went into the guacamole. Well he mashed a bit and then served it to us....um... that's it? Really? It was chunks of avocado with the rest of the ingredients. Ok, you might impress some fools with that mess, but with those of us with mamas that have old, well used molcajetes... this guacamole isn't cutting it one bit. I had to snicker as one half drunk patron next to us declared this was the best guacamole she ever had. *sigh* I was not impressed at all. Hopefully my dinner was better prepared. \n\nFor my dinner, I had the enchiladas de mole. They came with sauteed zucchini, which was different than the standard rice and beans you get at other places. The enchiladas were beautiful when they were delivered. The aroma of the mole sauce hinted at their rich flavor. I took my first bite... well.. I guess they were ok. I expect mole to be a dark, spicy (not necessarily hot), never too chocolaty, and a perfect balance of smoke and spice. This took a good run at it but came up short, and I could really taste the chocolate of the mole. The vegetables that they were served with were overcooked and had no flavor to them. I was given a free flan for my birthday which was very nice! The flan was good! It wasn't too jiggly (which Ayesha was fearing) and I believe it might be homemade. Good touch!\n\nWell, I can at least say that I tried Barrio cafe. I would probably go back for their great margaritas and maybe try a different appetizer, maybe after a few more of those strong 'ritas, I'll find out what all the fuss is about.