All the equipment is great! However, the playroom needs much much much... improvement. When my baby was a couple of months old they'd page me several times throughout my workout. It was ranging from my kid was crying bc another baby was crying (he's sensitive so he cries when he hears other babies cry) to spit up. Basically, I wasn't able to really do a good workout... or even get in the pool, bc I knew they'd page me. It got to the point where I felt like I was just wasting my gas and money bc I couldn't really work out. I even brought my friends with me so that if I got paged we could take turns to either change a diaper or calm the baby down but depending on who was working in the Playroom, they weren't able to help. A couple of months later I got very sick and went through surgeries and was told I could freeze my account if I provided a doc note. I brought one in, but was given the run around. To make a long story short... I didn't go to the gym for 9 months because of my illness. When I decided to give them another try corporate said that because I had closed my account instead of giving them the doc note there was nothing they could do for me. A GOOD business would've apologized and offered me something to make up for those months. But nothing was offered. My kids are autistic and I figured that a place so nice as LVAC would have at least one person certified or licensed in people with disabilities present or at least have an area for kids with disabilities. I understand they take a class for the job but there's a big difference in taking a 2hr class vs. someone who actually knows the isms and is sensitive to disabled kids' needs. When I called corporate they said that they had no control of the Playroom... aren't they corporate? Corporate is in charge of everything. The people we talked to each time never ONCE apologized for the bad service they just gave us the run around and put the problem on someone else. No....we can offer this or that, or I'm sorry. Seriously, my kids deserve the same opportunities as what they called \"normal\" kids. I deserve to work out with feeling the stress of knowing I'll be paged all the time for minor things. They're very discouraging and we quit. Again, when we told them we wanted to quit they said ...\"ok\" and didn't apologize for our poor experiences. We are very disappointed and discouraged.