I've been to Carnevino twice and have been very disappointed both times.  I'm a big fan of Mario Batali and had high expectations.  I've been to Osteria Mozza in LA and absolutely loved it. But my two dinners at Carnevino have been hugely disappointing.\n\nFood-wise, the steaks at Carnevino are just okay.  Both times I've been there, I've ordered steak prepared the way the chef prefers - usually rare or medium rare.  Both times I've found the steak to be too tough, too chewy or too fatty.  The taste is good but I've had steaks at some of the best steakhouses in the world and this place is 3rd tier -- not second tier, 3rd tier.  Mortons and The Palm, even the Old Homestead are better.  Don't go here for steak.  \n\nAnd I hate to say it, but don't go here for the pasta either.  I've been disappointed both times with the pasta which is just ho-hum.  Compared to our nearly orgasmic experience at Osteria Mozza, this wasn't even in the same ballpark.  I hate to admit it but we had a much better meal at Rao's the night before (even though their meatballs are too dense).\n\nWe went to Carnevino to celebrate my bachelor party -- there were 10 of us -- and I can honestly say that the poor and insulting service ruined our dinner.  Thanks being huge a-holes Carnevino!  Let me explain.\n\nThe sommelier  (Kirk) was a complete and utter douchebag to my friends. One of my friends asked if they carried a certain wine and Kirk's response was, \"Good God no.\"  It wasn't like we requested Night Train but this a-hole Kirk acted aghast, the needle skipped off the record, EF Hutton-style.  \"Good God no... too buttery.\" That's a really pompous answer and made my friends feel like crap.  Thanks Kirk, you pretentious wine Nazi.  I hope your acrid douchebaggery gets you far in life.  A better answer would have been, \"Sorry sir, we don't carry that wine.\"  You're lucky you didn't get your twitty glasses knocked off your face.\n\nSecondly, the waiter (don't remember his name but he was a tall dude and also wore hipster 50s style glasses) suggested that we order a bunch of appetizers and pastas for the table.  We said sure, but I told him that some of the people don't eat shellfish so stay away from seafood.  What did we get?  Calamari (shellfish), crab salad (shellfish), and another seafood dish.  Moreover, we got 5 sets of 3 -- 15 appetizers for 10 people (with pasta and main dishes to come.)  It felt like the guy was trying to take advantage of us.  It was too much food.\n\nAlso, we received an extra dessert that nobody ordered.  We pointed it out to the waiter and instead of just leaving it (which is typically what is done in a fine restaurant, considering that we're running up a bill of over $2,000) he took the dessert away.  I mean, how much of a dick can you be?  We spend over $2,000 there and you're going to take a cruddy little dessert off the table?  I think that really says it all.\n\nOn the spectrum of \"fine restaurants\" this gets 1 star; on the spectrum of all restaurants, maybe 2.5-3 stars. None of us will ever eat there again and I'll do my best to spread the word about how crappy the service and food is at this place.  I will continue to patronize Mario Batali's restaurants because I can only presume he doesn't know how bad this place really is but if you have good taste and know what it is to get good service, you'll give the middle finger to Carnevino.