My first mistake was buying into their \"$99 move-in special.\" It's not a special, it's the only way they can get people to move-into their place. Obviously if you're looking to move into a place the staff seems friendly and their prices are extremely low, but as the saying goes, you get what you pay for. $879 a month and I got pee-poor service, roaches, old dirty gross carpet, moldy toilet, and I was stupid enough to take keys without doing a walk-through of the apartment first. Once I took the keys, they knew they had me because day 1 I called to get some things taken care of and of course nobody was available to help. My first 7 months their \"24 hour\" maintenance service wasn't available after 5pm (same time I get off work). When you call, it would go to a pager that wouldn't allow you to leave a message. \n\nTheir facilities are dirt crap, weight room is non-existent, pool is dirty and the cement is chipped so you cut you're feet as your walking around it (yes it's only 4ft deep at it's deepest point, but all pools in Vegas are so you just have to enjoy that). When me and my wife decided that our first lease term would be our only lease term & we gave our notice to leave, things only got worse. People took the only parking spot we had and when we called the office they conveniently were unable to do anything about it and all the uncovered spaces that were available to park in were at least 300 yards from our apartment.\n\nUpon move-out I requested for them to do a walk through with me to assess anything that I may be charged for and they declined, so I decided to hire a maid to come in and clean the apartment once I had everything out so I wouldn't have anything to worry about. Once again, they found a way to try and extract more money from me. They charged me $150 for carpet stains that were there since the day I moved in and $100 for patio door residue removal. I'm sorry that your landscapers blew leaves on my patio while doing their landscaping, but $100 to blow them back off are you kidding me? I called in to dispute the charges on April 15, 2013 and she stated that she had not received an invoice from the cleaners and would call me back as soon as she received it. Interestingly enough, it's May 13, 2013 (exactly 4 weeks later) and they still haven't called me back. I went to their local corporate offices and not surprisingly, nobody was available to speak. I called their headquarters in Newport California (949-644-6536) and guess what their response was? \"You have to speak to the regional manager at your local corporate offices.\" \n\nUpon further research, I learn that their OWNER is a scam artist himself and can't be trusted. The IRS has been on his back for over 10 years and he's been jerking them around since 1980. He himself has a track record of fraudulent activity and their properties reflect that. Journalists Janet Novack and Tatiana Serafin have spoken to and written about this owner that claims to have only made $15,000 from Olen Properties yet seems to have a 120 foot long yacht that Olen owns. I do not have any financial envy and I appreciate the Capitalism of America, but I think it's a complete crock of bull-poo that I've been treated and unfairly charged by this company that has done everything except provide a healthy place for my family to stay. I do not recommend this company to anyone and if you would truly like to know more about this company and the owner I've included the URL of the article written by the journalists of Forbes Magazine. http:\/\/www.forbes.com\/forbes\/2006\/1009\/042.html