VIBE: \nThink about your hallway. It's kind of like that. But with people waiting for hamburgers inside of it. There are three stools and almost always a line up. But it's that good. Know what you want before you order.  Shant (the owner) is opening up a new location to be determined. The West Enders want it west (I say NO! Let the East have something original for once!).  Hint, Wink: A Danforth location would be nice. Or beside my house (actually, no. I'll gain 100 pounds!). \n\nI ATE\/EAT: \nI come here semi-regularly. The regular burger is good but I like to splurge so I usually get The Priest (a cheese burger which is topped with \"The Option\" which is crumb-encrusted Portobello mushrooms and cheese).  A friend pointed out to me that the burger is kind of bland without the accoutrements. He's kind of right. But the burger is also fresh and well cooked. Still my favourite burger in town! The chilli cheese fries are worth a splurge but you will feel completely bloated if you have it with the burger. The fries are DELISH, but it's hard to finish all of them in one sitting with a burger (especially if it's The Priest).  The Priest has also profited highly off their secret menu, laden with religious terminology. I have not yet had the Vatican (grilled cheese and cheese burgers ...basically a lot of cheese) but I have had the \"High Priest\" which is the Priest's version of a Big Mac. All I can say is it's craving central and I dream of that sauce sometimes. \nThe Priest is a bit pricey for what it is but it's good quality so I'll go back time and again. And try to run 5 km the next day.  It's all good. I have converted many virgins.  Hail Mary, full of grace. \n\nOBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK \nTwo Pope John Pauls up! Our father, who art in heaven please remember to add a debit machine to your new and original locations. Amen for my favourite burger joint in the city. And Say a little prayer for the poor Harvey's across the street.\n\nNOTE: Cash only. Not many debit machines nearby.