Really hard to choose a rating. I was very much between a 2 and 3. I found this place because my friend just moved to the area. I live in Pittsburgh, so it was a bit of a hike for me to schedule an appointment here. But for a good salon I am willing to make the trip. I scheduled my appointment for a Saturday 2 weeks in advance. I specifically went here because they were an Aveda salon and I had been to and liked other Aveda places in the past. They have a super organic feel that I keep wanting to revisit. There is brand loyalty at it's finest.\n\nUpon arriving the staff was extremely friendly, offering me their list of services and something to drink. As I was taken upstairs to get my hair done, I was escorted by the girl who was going to do my hair. \n\nSo I sit down and tell her what I want and the first thing she says is \"we don't have enough time to do a full highlight. Especially with how much hair you have. You'll have to come back to finish that\" This is the point in which I should have said, \"Okay, thanks anyways!\" and walked out. Come on! I am a new customer. If this was an issue for you, you should have asked me when I made my appointment 2 weeks back if I had long or thick hair. Amateur move, Vans. \n\nNow the whole visit I am basing what I have done on the time schedule they set. I felt rushed and as if I was taking up too much of her time. I hate feeling that way at a salon. I should feel relaxed at a place like this. And above all, I work a ton and definitely don't have time to make 2 trips to your salon for a service that should be done in a few hours. \n\nSecond I was asked if I wanted my hair blow dried. I said \"if you have time\" because she clearly was busy as her phone is ringing to tell her the next customer is there. Hello! It's snowing outside! If you want to ask me this question in the heat of summer, by all means, go for it. When it's snowing outside, if your salon let's me walk out with wet hair, shame on you!\n\nThird thing that sort of irked me. I was charged for a cut. But she cut my bangs and did a small amount of thinning of my hair. If you are going to charge me for a cut, take the time to trim up my hair, please! \n\nOverall, I left feeling like I paid $100 +tip for nothing. \n1.) I thought the color was too yellow. In some lights I look at my hair and think it looks like a box color that didn't quite sit long enough to highlight all the way. Perhaps she gets a lot of people in there and opts to go more conservative. ( Not one person noticed I had highlights put into my hair because it was so close to the color it was when I went in! And this was the first I had it done in 6 months! ) One thing I learned is I'll never hit up a salon without an example picture of what I want.\n2.) I felt like I got a half a haircut and paid full price. I even had to specifically make her go back and do SOMETHING with the side swooping bangs I wanted. She put no layer or texture to them... just cut them with a hard edge. I went home and immediately cut them myself.\n\n This is probably a great salon for people who live in the area and need a simple service done. I just don't see myself returning. \n\nNOTE: I did tell them via email about my concerns. Got a call that day, which was awesome of them. The owners had the employee working call me. Props to the owners for that! \n\nUnfortunately the call I received was sort of an apology and it's also not our fault because you have lots of hair type of voicemail. It's already super uncomfortable to complain to a salon. It just made me feel guilty. I don't want to go in and sit with the same girl for an hour around a salon with employees who think I am just there complaining. Seems so... I dunno, embarrassing and awkward? I am also so swamped at work that I don't have time to go back in their hours in the next few weeks, so by then my \"window of fixing the problem\" will likely be closed. Overall just very :(