I wish I could give it 1, I really do.\n\nIf not for the $5.99 steak and eggs that were cooked properly, it would have been a 1.\n\nCame to Red Rock for the Ladies all you can drink and to catch a late movie.  We were hungry afterwards and it just happened to be midnight so we naturally sidled up to Grand Cafe for some steak and eggers and stacks o' pancakes.\n\nMedium rare steak and over easy eggs for me.  2 stacks of pancakes for my wife and her sister.  Medium steak and scrambled for my buddy.  2 cups of coffee.  Water all around.  We all had a good time eating, this was our second dinner after Boiling Crab.  Asked for the check around 1255.  Had our table cleared off around 0100 am.  0105 still no sigh of the check.  I overhear our server(at the POS station right next to my chair) muttering about how she can't find our check.  10 minutes later she tells us she can't find our check, and asks if we paid already.  I stupidly said no.  She continues half \"looking\" and half fulfilling drink orders and serving them and taking food orders.  Seriously?  Please find my f*cking check.  Every time I look at her, she's either telling the guy who cleared our table that she can't find our bill, or she's muttering to herself that she can't find it.  I don't understand why this is so mind-boggling.  You can do either of two things at this point.  You could A) ask us what we got or B) Check the tape, because someones always watching in the casino.  If you truly lost it, would it hurt to generate another one, if you know the first won't ever be accidentally paid?  Are you afraid of making too much money?  You're not going to get screwed out of something, but you will get screwed out of your tip if you dick around.  We get up from the table and go to the cashier where the man she answers to, coincidentally, the man who happened to clear our table and ask how everything was, was standing.  She hands him our check.  Like, what kind of abracadabra BS is that?  It just magically appeared in her hand and she gives it to him.  It sucks that she's apologetic and says thanks for being patient. Except I'm not patient.  We ask if we can pay out.  Mr. Man says, \"It'll just be a second I (in italics) JUST got this\".  \"We're just saying, we've been asking for the check for 30 minutes now.\"  His response?  The exact same thing he said earlier.  \"Blah blah, I JUST got this.\"  Don't be a dick, dick.  You know how long we've been waiting to pay.  You're the dude that cleared our table.  And it doesn't hurt to say sorry, it also doesn't pay to be a jerk to your customers.  And it's not like this place is wall to wall patrons.  It's after midnight and it's maybe a quarter to a third full.  So to our server, sorry you got stiffed on the tip, but you can blame that dude you handed our bill too.  I hate to do that.  I know that people rely on their tips, but it's not against the law to not tip, and for me, tips are based not only on service, but also on grace, attitude and the humility to accept when you've screwed something up.  \n\nI hate that my steak was good, and the pancakes were delicious, and the coffee was strong hot and fresh.