My boyfriend and I visited this property and really liked the price for what seemed like quality. We put down a holding deposit on an apartment, pending approval. The document\/receipt for the deposit stated that we had 48 hours to get the deposit back if we changed our minds, but that the deposit was refundable if we were not approved for the apartment. My credit was not approved, so they told us we were denied.  I asked if a co-signer would change things; they said no. I asked if we could get the apartment if my boyfriend was approved on his own. The manager said yes.  She made it clear that because I wouldn't be on the lease I would not be able to personally request help from maintenance and if I got locked out of the apartment they wouldn't be able to give me a key because my name would not be on the lease.  He got approved and we were excited to move in. Two weeks later, which was 2 weeks before our planned move-in date- my boyfriend got a call that management had changed and he was no longer approved for the apartment and both residents (he and I) had to be individually approved.  They said we could re-apply in six months. They were incredibly rude and had trouble explaining their reasoning for everything and they were constantly placing blame on other employees. All we wanted was for them to be honest with us, and they were dishonest and changing their stories repeatedly.  We had had enough and decided we'd rather not deal with such terrible, incompetent management.  After all that, since they said we were not approved, we asked to be refunded our holding deposit and they refused. The \"Deposit to Hold Agreement\" states exactly, \"The holding deposit is refundable if my application is not approved payable to the party(s) completing this application.\" The woman kept insisting we were cancelling and that we only had two days to cancel and get a refund.  If we were not permitted to get our holding deposit back, then we should have been approved to move into the apartment- but we were not. Therefore, the holding deposit should rightfully be refunded.