I went to ASU much longer than I should have. I spent time in a few different majors and got a full college experience, in my opinion. I didn't feel the need to join a frat - but really, I had some good friends that did (although, most of them were girls in the greek system..). College was good to me, so I feel the urge to give ASU the 5 stars it deserves. \n\nASU has the hottest girls in the world - yes, I said it. It is a mecca for the ladies and if you disagree, well you just haven't been in Tempe on that first day of Spring when it hits 80 degrees and the skirts come out.. and I am sure that you never experienced that first day of the fall semester, either. Should you chose your college based on how hot the girls are? Well, I did, but maybe that's not enough for you.. \n\nI graduated with a Communications and Mass Communications degree - yeah, I sort of defaulted into it (after runs in Architecture, Psychology and even Religious Studies!). I enjoyed taking a wide variety of classes, which is why it took me a bit longer to graduate - I just couldn't decide on what I enjoyed more. Yes, some classes like Psy 101 had a lot of people in them - but most probably had 25-50 people and the prof was very accessible. Also, I will add that I got a great job right out of school - so even with my default degree, I ended up with a marketing job in Radio. \n\nFootball. ASU games are a blast - especially when they are good. If you haven't gotten up at 7am to tailgate or taken a road trip to see ASU get beat by USC, you haven't really lived. I just with they'd bring back the tradition of throwing tortillas on the field. \n\nBars. There are a ton of great spots in and around the Tempe\/Scottsdale area. I'm not even getting into clubs because that's not really my scene - but spending a day doing some day drinking at Dos is awesome - no matter how hot it is. \n\nI can't tell how many people say they are jealous that I got to go to ASU (in NYC and LA) - their response is usually not about how great the academics are, no.. but everyone knows that ASU kids are fun to be around. A party school? Yeah, we party. But you also get a great experience and I highly suggest it. Will I let my daughters go here?.. no.