People have been absolutely raving about this place, I simply had to check it out for myself. My first impressions upon walking in were that the place was clean, extremely modern, even futuristic feeling, and full of tons of seating (I'm not overexaggerating here, the location really is quite large). The style is the ever present fast-casual, which is becoming more and more popular these days. Going with this theme, they've made the menu with easy to pick choices and customizable (think Panera lunch menu, but with Indian food). There were quite a lot of options to choose from, and while it wasn't exactly cheap, for a lunch it's pretty average considering the type of place it is. I ended up going with one of their BBQ bowls (I'm guessing it's named not after actual sauce, but for the giant grilling barrels they use to cook their meat, which you can see through glass windows which enclose their food prep area). I chose the lamb meatballs as my protein, and you have the option of either whole wheat or regular naan, as well as a \"curry\" option (lentil soup, tikka masala, or chickpea masala). I ended up going with the lentil soup, and also chose a side of samosas. For beverage options, they have a freestyle coke machine along with mango lassi and hot chai. \nAs I mentioned before, there is plenty of seating in here, and while the decor is a bit quirky, I found it really comfortable and welcoming. I also want to mention that the service was absolutely great. The girl at the counter answers my many questions, and even introduced herself and encouraged me to ask her later if I had other questions or comments about the menu.\nAs for the food, I found the flavors, I don't know... underwhelming? Certainly not the spicy pizzazz you'd normally find in Indian cuisine however, I do understand the motive here is to make Indian food quick and accessible, so I won't fault them too much for that. My lentil soup had barely any flavor, and the lamb meatballs were a bit dry. It certainly wasn't bad food though, just not comparable to an actual Indian restaurant. The naan was great though, and I left very full for $12 so if you're in the market for a quick lunch that's a little different than your usual chicken sandwich, this place is great to try. I'm settling on 3.5 stars, rounded up to a 4. Not amazing Indian food, but very quick and convenient in a pretty nice location.