To be completely honest...I've been holding off on writing this review because the wings here are so amazing and if everyone knew, they would visit all the time and then I wouldn't have a place to sit :(  greedy, I know. \n\nMug shotz is located in Ogden Road SE - if you know where Naina's Kitchen (famous for stuffed burgers), Mugs shotz is right beside it.  There is a decent sized parking lot, people often park on the side of the road if the lot is full.  Outside of Mug Shotz it's pretty dodgy looking but do not fear!  There are friendly waitresses and seriously tasty wings inside!\n\nI first heard about Mug Shotz through a friend at the gym.  He had asked a group of us if we wanted to go for wings and raved about all the wings and mentioned that they have dill pickle wings.  DILL PICKLE?!?! I'm sure he had all of us ladies at dill pickle.  It was a Thursday night which is platter night meaning that you get 4lbs of 3 flavors for $34.  Dusin is a regular and he promised that we would love the combination they always get which is: dill pickle, mug shotz salt and pepper and sweet and sour siracha so we ordered two platters of that.  It was a busy night but when the platters came out, I think I died and went to heaven for that moment.  The platters are huge and the wings are not cheap!  Saucy, meaty, delicious.  The dill pickle wings have seasoning and actual dill pickle pieces on top!  Mug shotz salt and pepper is not your ordinary salt and pepper, they add some other seasoning that make them sooo good and lastly, the sweet and sour siracha...wow.  If you like a little heat, these are out of this world.  Saucy, delicious and definitely sweet and sour with the kick of hot!  I'm not a big heat fan but I can handle these gems.  Om nom nom!!!  The three flavors went well together.  One saucy, and two plain-ish wing flavors is perfect.  You can always dip the salt and pepper\/dill pickle in the sweet and sour siracha sauce like I do :) or even get a side of ranch for additional cost! But the flavors by itself are pretty awesome too.  We were all stuffed but super happy with what we consumed. Deliciousness.\n\nI've been to Mug Shotz on a Wednesday which is $8\/lb and I've tried other flavors and they are seriously so good - I don't think you can go wrong with any flavor!  They use fresh ingredients and sauces, and you can tell with just one bite!! The waitresses are always attentive and super friendly no matter how busy it can get.\n\nI can confidently say that Mug Shotz has the best wings in Calgary from what I have tried thus far.  They hit the home run and are definitely worth the drive.