For starters, a big thanks to Tigra C for putting on a great UYE at this CenPho spot.\n\nTalk about an unexpected find.  About a block east of 12th Street & Northern on the south side of the street you'll see a lengthy old strip center.  I grew up less than 10 minutes drive from this area and must've passed this strip center thousands of times in my life and never once stopped at any of the businesses.  That was of course until about a year ago when I had dinner at Thirteenorth Grille just a few doors down from tonight's big find.  Much like Thirteenorth, Veggie Village doesn't seem like much from the outside.  I've eaten at other vegeterian and vegan spots in town but almost all were stand alone structures that grabbed your attention even before you walked in.  Here however, its whats on the inside that counts.\n\nWe arrived not too many days removed from Veggie Village's big expansion.  I say big in jest as the original restaurant only seats maybe 20.  But the newly expanded seating area brings the capacity closer to about 60 now.  Here you order at the front register and grab a seat wherever.  They do take reservations for big groups and were kind enough to reserve a table for us in the newly expanded portion of the restaurant.  The interior is quite nice and was exceptionally clean when we arrived.  Options for chair and booth seating are available throughout and the wood trim on the table and floors is quite beautiful.\n\nAfter perusing the menu for a few minutes, I noticed they don't have any dessert options.  A little strange as almost every place I've dined at (even vegetarian ones) has dessert options.  No matter.  I made up the difference by having my own app and an entree.  For the app I went with the cream cheese wantons.  I've had the real crab version of these at Asian restaurants my whole life and I can't get enough of them.  And I can happily say the fake crab meat version was equally addictive.  Cream cheese, celery, and mayo with the imitation crab meat with red dipping sauce.  Just like the real thing.  Put simply, I Hoover'd these things (sorry if I weirded out anyone at the table).  For the main course I was craving noodles so I went with the  classic Pad Thai.  Tofu, ground peanut, lettuce, peppers, lime, faux shrimp, bean sprout and faux fish sauce.  The portion was impressive as I was totally full when all was said and done.  It's not the best Pad Thai I've ever had as I've had more flavorful versions elsewhere.  But this one can certainly hold its own.\n\nTotal cost for the Wanton app, Pad Thai entree, water and tax came to about $15.  From a value standpoint, the prices here really can't be beat.  Most could come here and be totally full and happy with just $10 or less.  As our Yelp group tonight were true foodies, our whole group pretty much went nuts with almost everyone ordering and sharing several dishes.  I sampled some of the other dishes including the Spiced Salt Fish and Orange Chicken and they were both excellent.  And the staff here was phenomenal as they conversed with us about their recipes and their business frequently during our meal.  Next time I'm here I'll probably opt for one of the chicken or curry menu items.  And again, no meat anywhere on this menu.  So fear not fellow carnivores and take it from me.  The meatless menu at Veggie Village is legit.