This was more of a 1.5 star establishment, and was one of the worst dining experiences I've had since I've moved here.  I have no idea why yelpers loves this place, except probably they were too drunk from the PBR specials.  This has been on my \"bookmark\" list for awhile so after a show, my husband and I tried it for late night eats.\n\nAfter 11:00pm they have a limited late night menu.  Which is fine, except the quality of the food and the level of service did not meet the outrageous prices they charged for them.  On top of it, it took almost an hour to bring out our food which was only four appetizers.  Our waiter was one of the most uncaring (as far as if we liked our food or not) and inattentive we have had so far.  The only thing we got fast from this server was the check, thank god.\n\nThis is what we ordered:\n\nSpicy Crispy Chicken Wings - there was nothing crispy about these.  They were soaked in hot sauce that tasted bottled and instead of having the blue cheese dressing on the side it was all over the wings, which really upset me as I don't like blue cheese on wings, but I like it on the side to dip the veggies in.  I couldn't eat more than a few of these because they did not taste good, and they only came with six for 14.00.  When the waiter saw we didn't really touch the wings he didn't ask if they were ok, he just took them away and didn't seem to be concerned if we liked them.\n\nToasted Soft Pretzels - There was nothing toasted about these, they were just literally 4 pieces of cold pretzel bread.  It came with mustard, and my husband asked for a side of cheese and they charged extra for it.  They were not special and didn't warrant the $10 price.  They could have bought them from the grocery store a week earlier and we wouldn't have known the difference.\n\nCaesar Salad - this was just a few whole pieces, not chopped of romaine lettuce.  Hidden underneath was a few croutons and some tomatoes.  It was like they were trying to deconstruct it but was not successful.  On top of it, it was over dressed with mediocre dressing, something I forgive when I'm paying normal prices, but unforgivable when the cost was $13.00 for such a small portion.\n\nChicken Parmesan Sliders - This was about $15.00 for three sliders that was smaller size than what you would get at the slider truck.  It was basically chicken nuggets with very little cheese and sauce on it, and was nothing remarkable to warrant the price and were a little dry.  However,  we found out it came with a side of fries, which was literally the only thing we liked about this meal.  They were wonderful.\n\nAll of this massively complicated food took an hour to bring out to us.  And if you're wondering, no it was not crowded there at all.\n\nSo we got the check and it was $90, both of us looked at it and just laughed hysterically for 5 minutes.  We paid the check, gave really little tip to the shitty waiter, and left.  Later, my husband got so mad over this meal he was fuming.  I've never seen him get so upset over a restaurant meal.\n\nI will never ever ever go back here not even if you paid me to do it.  Todd English should be ashamed to  put his name on this place and have the gall to serve such mediocre food for such outrageous prices.  I used to enjoy his PBS show but now I think he's a complete hack and deserves to choke.