With all of the 5-star reviews for this place I have a fear that if I say anything negative about it Candy and her entire clan of friends will come after me with torches and pitchforks.  Sheesh, but why write a review if it's not honest?\n\nDon't get me wrong, there is absolutely nothing wrong with Candy's Kitchen beyond the need for a little fine tuning but keep in mind that they're newbies, just now marking their first anniversary.\n\nBut, the dagger in the heart is the equal reality that there is nothing great, outstanding, awesome, memorable or special about Candy's Kitchen.  It's like they planned and saved all their lives to get into the restaurant business and nobody ever asked them why ... what's their motivation, their hot button, their passion, their burning love for making great food and making a visit to their place something to look forward to.  Candy's Kitchen in a nutshell is bland, boring, cookie cutter and definitely not memorable.  And that's such a shame.\n\nThe staff looks and sounds \"tired\".  I suspected our server, who I am guessing is the son of the owner, was up quite late the night before. It wasn't that he was rude or inconsiderate or incompetent ... he just wasn't all there.  Watching him was like watching someone who keeps slipping and falling on the ice and you know you shouldn't be laughing but you just can't help it, it's painful to watch but you just can't look away.\n\nThe food itself is, sigh, bland.  The scrambled eggs were tasteless. They weren't bad, just lacking any reason to eat them. The corned beef hash would have been okay except that someone in the kitchen seems to have a love affair with the salt shaker. Same with the potatoes - salty!  And the one solitary lonely pancake (aw come one, how much does it cost to make a pancake, maybe you should just make them smaller and give the guest two of them), anyway that pancake like almost everything else, was bland and boring. In the plus column their coffee is excellent for a café.\n\nThe prices are what I would call market rate, by that I mean they are about what I would expect for that type of restaurant in that neighborhood but I was a little put off (okay, I was offended) by the way they sneak outrageous prices in for certain things to boost the bottom line. Like $4,00 t0 add any meat as a breakfast side. It adds up to an unexpectedly big total that makes Candy's Kitchen low on the list when I think of value. One minor annoyance is their choice of background \"music\" ... look around, all of the patrons are clearly on the plus side of 50, but the music is targeted toward millennials (or younger). Clearly a misfit, when you run a public establishment you can't just tune the radio to whatever the much younger staff likes.\n\nOne of my favorite breakfast places nearby is 40th Street Café. I've eaten there so many times I've lost count.  Candy's place reminds me of it in terms of ambience, locally woman owned, etc. but with a little more corny schmaltz.  Both places are about the same size and about the same layout.  Yet I keep coming back over and over to my 40th Street favorite because I rate them high on my list of being a good value, because the people who work there seem to take their jobs a little more seriously and the bottom line is because their food tastes better.  \n\nMaybe in their second year Candy's Kitchen can fine tune what they already have as a foundation and do what it takes to be around for the long term.