Okay, so I had to give at least one star because my food was amazing. However, my sisters was disgusting. She got an omelet, the egg was way over cooked and had what was like a rubbery skin and the potatoes were rock hard. We complained to the waitress who spoke to a manager and got it taken off the bill. Now I wouldn't hold that against them since they did provide a solution to the bad food. However, a manager never came over to talk to us about the situation or I would have mentioned the awful service we received. Twenty! Yes twenty  minutes after being seated our server finally greeted us and took our drink order. Since we were hungry I took that time to order an appetizer. Took another ten minutes to get a water and cup of coffee. Finally got to order. Waited yet another ten minutes for our appetizer that was brought by another tables server. She never came back to check how the app was and our drinks stayed empty for a long long time. Then our main food came again the server from another table brought it as ours was no where to be found. The table next to us commented that they just wanted to pay and leave. Finally she comes back and just says \"oh I'll get you more water.\" By the time we got that we were done with our meal. She never once asked how it was or my sister could have told her and not sat there hungry the whole time. But by the time she addressed the situation we were just annoyed and wanted to leave. We wanted dessert but couldn't justify being there any long or making our bill higher and then having to tip her any more money. For the prices they charge I expect good service and on this day we left angry and one of us still hungry. I'd never go back, but I will give a second chance as I can't imagine service is always that terrible. How does a manger after getting a complaint about food not go to the table and talk to the customer and apologize? Or how as a server who relies on tips do you ignore your tables. This whole experience took us an hour and forty five minutes, no excuse. You shouldn't have to wait twenty minutes to be greeted and places a drink order.  We just went here yesterday.