We arrived at the Lodge on a Sunday afternoon around 2pm with some friends. We both have 2 year old sons. We checked in and as we had anticipated, our rooms were not ready until around 4pm. That was just fine. When I made the reservation, I said we wanted rooms near each other. I asked the front desk clerk and she just kept saying the reservation \"is attached\" I was looking for some more clear communication such as \"they are across the hall from each other\" or something so I gave up. Most interactions with the staff throughout our stay were like that --- when you ask something, they give a blank stare.\n\nThe dads went right into the water park with the kids on Sunday, it was really cool and there were a lot of options but with two year olds they were a bit limited and the water was so cold that the boys were shivering so couldn't really stay in too long and their lips were turning blue. Our friend saw a little 18 month old girl walk right into the water and her parents weren't around and the lifeguard didn't see her so he pretty much saved her life by pulling her out. Also, if you aren't planning on going into the water, wear summer clothes because the room where the water is gets hot and steamy.\n\nThe next day, after cruising the breakfast buffet, we opted for Dunkin Donuts for breakfast. The food just looked like mess hall food. There certainly weren't any organic choices, which would have been nice.\n\nThe arcade was fun for the kids and they like to collect tickets and redeem for prizes.\n\nWe brought the kids to the Cub Club and they really liked that. It was nicely appointed and very clean. We probably spent more time there than in the water park.\n\nWe ordered pizza the next day and it was just gross. I would not eat any of their food again.\n\nAll in all, my biggest compliment is that the place was very clean and they had free wi-fi. My biggest criticism is that the staff had poor communication skills and must have been ill-trained.\n\nWe would go back, but would definitely watch our children closely and would not plan to eat there.