I've seen other reviewers comment on their love-hate relationship with Car2Go, and I can 100% echo this sentiment. If Car2Go plans work out, you can find me doing a celebratory dance by the curbside. When things don't go according to plan, you can find me kicking the curb in a fit of rage. There is never an in-between.\n\nIf you live downtown, you can pretty much expect that there will be TONS of Car2Go cars in your neighbourhood while you're at work, and never in the evenings. Weekends are a hit or miss. Be prepared for that.\n\nI spend a lot of time at UofC, and the cars are located in the Arts Parkade. Two problems here: 1) sometimes people don't know where the stalls are, so if you reserve a car that's in the parkade you may not find it in the designated spots. Have fun wandering through the parkade, trying to find the car before your half-hour reservation window is up. 2) Sometimes the signal in the parkade is weak, so if you're trying to start\/end a trip there, there is a chance that your card won't be read.\n\nMy biggest pet-peeve is that when I have a roadside problem, I phone the 1-888 number on the card, and I am on hold for. ever. I have found the best way around this is to tweet at them that you're having a problem, DM them your cell number, and wait for them to call. If you have problems outside of regular business hours, you're SOL.\n\nOn a more positive note, the people who work at Car2Go are friendly and helpful. I've never had a bad customer service experience. I see them all around the community, and frequently spin the giant wheel to win minutes. My boyfriend and I share a car, and sometimes Car2Go is ultra handy when we both need to be somewhere at the same time. I am especially thankful for Car2Go when the CTrain is down. I have been a member of other car share services (ZipCar in Toronto), and this is a lot more convenient and casual. I also love that I can park the Car2Go pretty much anywhere.\n\nI have noticed that there are a lot of new Car2Go parking partnerships, like at the Chinook Centre and the Airport. I hope to one day see the same happen on the Stampede grounds or at the Saddledome.\n\nWhile I have learned the hard way not to rely on Car2Go for anything other than convenience, I have also grown fond of those cute little handy cars!