We came here after  watching a movie. Since this was a planned outing we thankfully made a reservation at this spot. The place was packed for Tuesday and I didn't see any empty tables. \nI had a chance to explore the menu beforehand and found it to be traditional. The Prix Fixe caught my eye as it is 28$ for a 3 course (salad, choice of pasta and dessert)  \nWe were served with a free starter of nicely spiced olives (black one's packed a punch)  stuffed foccacia and bread. The foccacia was very good. \nWe decided on the mains and placed our order. I had a glass of La Fortuna which went well with my main. \nHere is the verdict\nfall leaf salad, fresh herbs, sweet onion, red wine vinegar, extra virgin olive oil. An OK salad thankfully the dressing was simple and not overwhelming. I am not a salad eater by any means but my fellow diners enjoyed it. \nthick-cut semolina noodles with tomato, basil, fresh peperoncino,  extra virgin olive oil. I didn't try this dish, the person who ordered was happy with it. \nartisanal dry pasta with sicilian sauce of wild white shrimp, romanesco broccoli, raisins, capers, pinenuts, tomato . I did try this and found the shrimps to cooked well. The sauce went well with the protien. \nwide egg noodles with ragu of rabbit, white wine, tomato, green olives. This was my main. The pasta tasted very fresh. The rabbit meat had a very delicate taste which benefited from a change of taste with whole olives in between. A good take on ragu, nice balanced finish.\namaretto creme caramel. Decent\ntorta caprese. Didn't try\naffogato di caffe. Wafer was super sweet and had nice layer of nuts. \nDecent desserts.\nI also saw the way they serve fish which makes me want to come back just to try it out. Folks a whole grilled fish is brought table side and then de-boned by dedicated staff under purpose placed LED lamp.  This is a dying art in serving for western cuisine and I appreciate the effort that is on display here. \nService was top notch and even though the place was packed we were checked on every now and then. High praise here for such a dedicated well trained staff.\nThis is a traditional take on Italian cuisine and IMHO this cuisine benefit from this approach. \nThis place is by no means an inexpensive eatery but with the amazing value on the Prix Fix deserves a visit. \n4 Stars.