The review is more like a 3.5 stars with a few corrections this could definatley be a 4-4.5 star review.  The only real complaints I have are small but semi annoying.  First, check-in did not go that smooth.  We arrived early at 1:00 PM; room was not ready....no biggie check-in really is not until 4:00PM.  However, the girl at the front desk took our cell # and said she would call when the room was ready. Great!  Well, never received a phone call; returned about 5 then did not have the room we booked.  Front desk said they upgraded us but really it was the same room with 2 queens (which is more $$) instead of a king but we didn't need 2 beds.  Oh well, second bed worked well as luggage rack but I really dont consider that an upgrade.  Only other check-in issue was since the room was not ready they said they would hold our luggage; after checking in it took about 40 minutes to get our luggage brought up to the room.\n\nThey have a great kitchen but nothing to really cook with; which is partially why we booked this hotel.  I am not sure if this was just our room or if it something they don't provide but we were planning on cooking some breakfast and lunches so we did not have to eat out all the time.  A week in Vegas.....geez you could come back 10 lbs heavier eating out all the time:).  Only other complaint....service was a bit slow.  We called for coffee since they only gave you 1 pack; it took 2 phone calls and 50 minutes which seems like a lifetime in the morning.\n\nOn the flip side; rooms are NICE.  Like being in an apartment with a huge jacuzzi tub in the bathroom.  Even though we could not cook it was awesome to have a full size fridge for drinks and such.  Neither one of us smoke so it was great to stay in a non smoking hotel.  Unfortunately, we did not get to use many of the amenities except the gym which was nice and room service which the food was excellent and the prices were reasonable.  Next time, we will definately check out the lounge, which everytime we walked by was busy (good sign) and check out the pool area.\n\nNot a bad walk to the strip; right behind Bally's.  Next to Ellis Island Casino and Brewery; check-out day we had breakfast there...not bad, great prices and good Bloody Mary's.  Overall, the Platinum was a decent experience and we will definately give it another try.\n\nI would like to mention, they sent me a survey on my experience, which I filled out.  The GM did contact me in regards to my stay and not just a generic response.  So, that wins customer service points because they actually read and responded which so many places do not.  \n\nFinally this is a shout out to the bell hop Wes.  This guy was AWESOME!!!!  Friendly, courteous, and did not pack our bags in the car half-ass.  Actually, put some thought into it....put our cooler toward the front so we could get into it while traveling home and put our garment bags on top of the suit cases and attached them so they would not fly around.  Thanks Wes!  Great way to end a trip....