I want to give 2.5 stars but I can't.\n\nThe Good: Their pizza is awesome.  They have a diner style menu but their pizza is one of the best I've had in Montreal.  Their poutine is ok, but the gravy is kind of sweet for me, I prefer a more pepper based gravy but it could be a Coke\/Pepsi kind of thing.  Their fries are good!\n\nThe Bad:  Most of their staff smoke right outside the side of the place, and then go back in the kitchen.  I'm not sure why managers (who also smokes outside) let their staff do this.  Do they really think that all potential patrons trust that they'll wash their hands properly every time.  I've worked at restaurants and half the time, the smokers didn't wash their hands when they came back, especially if it was busy, or if they did, they just ran their hands over some water for a couple of seconds.  Proper hand washing etiquette is super important.  Most people only focus on the the palm of their hands but forget inside their fingers, their thumbs, and the back of their hands.  Anyway, it's gross.\n\nIt's not super expensive but it's a bit pricey.  They have a weird 10% off deal for McGill students only, but not for Concordia students.  The manager told me it was because most of his clients whom were students were from McGill.  I told him I was a Concordia student, showed him an ID, was promised a 10% discount and NEVER got one.  I did get a hilarious discount card, where after 9 purchases, you got a 10% discount. Buy 9, get 10% of the 10th.  My girlfriend and I wondered if it was a joke.\n\nThe side of the restaurant is not very clean.  The green bins smell heinous of rotten meat and fish, especially right before it's collected.  This, ironically, is where the staff choose to smoke.\n\nAnyway, the food I had was delicious, but the hygiene thing and the strange discount policy rubbed me the wrong way.  They lost a lot of business because once I stop going somewhere, I don't talk poorly of a place, but I don't suggest it to anyone.  There are other places in the Plateau that have surely benefited greatly from my or my girlfriend's recommendations.  Sadly, we couldn't recommend Mamma's but if you're in the area and want a good pizza, this place has them.  Just make sure the cooks wash their hands.