Avoid contracts like the plague!\n\nAs someone who normally avoids contracts, I did the math and decided it was worthwhile to sign a contract. They offered $30 per month membership with a two year contract (plus a $~30 fee every year just because they can), and they assured me it was easy to put my membership on hold if I only wanted to use my membership during the winter.\n\n2 and a half years later, I deeply regret the $1400+ my wife and I spent on this gym.\n\nPutting your membership on hold is not trivial. The explained all kinds of caveats the one time I tried to do so, and only after talking to the manager did they allow a longer hold period than 3 months. I specifically explained I wanted to take the warm seasons off, since I typically exercise outside, but they wanted a medical reason for putting my membership on hold. I didn't try putting my membership on hold again because I decided it was more economical to simply burn it up as quickly as possible.\n\nCanceling my membership has been even more infuriating. They require you to send an email to cancellationsfitchburg@taftservices.com, an email address which seems deliberately non-obvious and took 3 calls before they correctly told me the email address. They also explained that it takes 30 days for your cancellation to take effect--clearly they are happy to bill you for yet one extra month.\n\nI can't blame them for the fact that I didn't go to the gym as often as I intended. The gym is OK--not great but fine. But I blame them heavily for how much their business model is designed to get money out of people who are not using their membership. They deliberately mislead me on the nature of the contract when I signed up and then pointed to the fine print in the contract when I complained. And yes, you should always read the fine print, but exploiting fine print makes is a very dishonest business model.\n\nDon't be fooled. Don't sign a contract. Go month to month. Pay in cash if possible. Their month to month membership fee is only worth it if you are 100 sure you will use it for the full 2 years or have no intention of putting your membership on hold.