I have been a Summit member for over a decade and have been pretty disappointed with it over the last five years since I've tried to more actively manage my finances out of college. I have found that the website is counterintuitive to the point that I simply prefer to use any of my other banking options rather than deal with it. Viewing credit card statements (and Roth IRA statements) needs to be done in an adjoining website that often has problems loading and then required an additional login. Roth IRAs cannot be contributed to online, but must be done in person.\n\nFor this location in particular I've met with financial advisors in preparation for a car loan, for general finance advice, and with specific questions about credit cards that I've had for over seven years. The front counter staff, while nice and helpful when they can be, do not seem to be trained to handle situations that seem common enough, often resulting in a longer wait while someone else is consulted. During these wait times staff joke around with each other while I twiddle my thumbs, and while, I appreciate informality and am not looking for everyone to be wearing 3-piece suits, I can't help but be annoyed by what seems like lack of training in how to do front counter tasks followed by a \"yeah this happens all the time that we don't know how to do stuff\" unprofessional attitude towards it.\n\nSimilarly, I haven't found that the one-on-one meetings with financial advisors are particularly helpful, and, once again, often come with an overly casual or cavalier attitude towards what I consider very large financial decisions. I don't feel like I have left any of the meetings knowing more than what I could have found out online. In one case, I am still waiting to hear back after a few months and follow up e-mails.\n\nOverall, I want to like this credit union so badly. It's local. It has good rates. The people are nice. But, I also want a credit union that takes my financial well-being seriously. This could be remedied by a more user-friendly online portal, better training for staff, and some kind of intervention to ensure financial advisors respond to the contact emails on their business cards.\n\nI plan to keep my lines of credit open, but prefer to do most of my banking with another local credit union, UW Credit Union. They seem to have no problem with any of the things that Summit leaves me frustrated by...which perhaps had made me even more frustrated with Summit over the years.