I've driven by Francisco's several times, but not tried it until tonight. Based on the other good Yelp reviews I figured I would give it a try. We got a couple of tacos, which were the special of the day, a chicken chimichanga with rice and beans, and a kid's meal with cheese enchilada. Total price was $23, so like another reviewer said, I felt like the prices were a bit more expensive than other places. It's maybe $1- $2 more for most items. The tacos were good, but you need to eat them right away, they definitely won't keep for later. The chimichanga was not very good. Chimichangas are one of my favorite things to get at Mexican restaurants, so I've had quite a few of them! I just live around the corner from Francisco's, but by the time I got home and ate the chimichanga, the exterior was soggy. Now a soggy chimichanga is no bueno, but the interior was worse, the layers of tortilla folded up inside weren't cooked all the way and were chewy. The filling was okay, big chunks of chicken instead of shredded or smaller pieces, and the flavor was just okay. I didn't even eat half of it, I couldn't get past the layers of chewy\/soggy tortilla. The rice and beans were okay. The beans had a good texture, but were kind of flavorless. Definitely not as good as Papa Chevo's\/Los Favoritos. The kid's meal was okay, but not worth $5. The quesadilla was a big burrito tortilla folded over with a sprinkle of cheese in it. The fries were okay, nothing special. The kid's meal also comes with a churro, we got an Oreo flavored one. My kid's love churros, but they didn't like this one, they only ate a couple of bites. Based on that I definitely wouldn't pay $1.99 to buy an ala carte churro. Overall, the tacos were the best thing that we had, I might pick up a couple of those on Tuesdays when they are on special, but if I go back it will probably be to try the breakfast platters, like chilaquiles, which most places don't have. For lunch and dinner I will go to Papa Chevo's, the prices are better and the food is better.\n\nFYI, they do not have a restroom even for customers, I had to take my daughter to the convenience store nearby.