I really wanted to like this place, but it had some highs and lows.  I would give it a solid 2.5 stars.\n\nThe Space - this was probably the highlight of Butcher and The Brewer for me.  It's wide open and looks great.  Big, shared tables, black and white tv's, and a European style bathroom.  It was uncomfortable seating though.  The tables were two low to cross my legs (ladies, you feel me? this is the worst!).  And the smells, I wish I could bottle them.\n\nThe Service - not great.  I know they are new (we went in at 6 weeks), but it was terrible.  The hostess was occupied when we arrived and no one stepped up to help, but walked past and looked at us.  Our server was absent for the majority of the evening, was awkward, and did not feel welcoming at all.  We weren't given specials or told about the menu, just asked what we wanted.  We ordered an appetizer while we waited for friends and didn't see him again for 30 minutes.  When I looked around, there was a ton of staff there, but they all seemed to be milling around aimlessly or talking to each other.  Our plates were always taken away in seconds, though.\n\nThe Food - very good!  We enjoyed everything we ordered.  The chorizo dates were tasty, although it certainly wasn't the best chorizo I've had.  We ordered a cheese plate and it was all spot on.  I order the Steak Tartare and enjoyed it very much.  My date's burger was amazing.  Overall, we were pleased with flavors, which brings me to portions...\n\nThe Portions - a rip off!  This was the most disappointing aspect for me (and you read that part about horrible service, right?).  When I pay $8 for 3 dates and $12 for about 1\/3 cup of Steak Tartare, I'm disappointed.  The cheese tray was listed by pricing per selection.  We paid $4.5 for a slice of cheddar the size of a matchbox.  Our bill came to $64 for two drinks, one appetizer, 3 cheese selections, Steak Tartare, and a burger.  This seems like a deal, right?  It was all so small!  The Steak Tartare was listed as an entree, but was less than half the size of other restaurant's appetizers.\n\nThe Prices - not bad, except for the portions.  \n\nAll in all, I wanted to love you Butcher & The Brewer, but I think you need some more time to get your stuff together.  And I still may not forgive some of these grievances.