I wanted to like this restaurant but I was very disappointed.\nI don't have a problem paying top prices for food that's well prepared and delicious coupled with great service but this place just didn't hit the mark. \nWe were a large group of nine people and the majority of us just felt that the experience was lack luster. Two of us had the Steak Frites - the dish description said that the frites were gnocchi (cut to look like fries) and the steak was actually beef short ribs slowly cooked. The meat was pretty good but the whole dish was lukewarm. Both of us had to send back the gnocchi fries because they were cold, chewy and inedible. It was almost like they had been reheated several times. The waiter promised some fingering potatoes in their place but by the time they arrived the rest of the meal was cold. One person had the risotto sud, she said it was just ok, and another had a pasta dish which he said was ruined by the amount of cheese the waiter dished out over the pasta. A few of the others had the fish special and they enjoyed it. Someone in our party ordered a gin martini (he went into to great detail with the waiter about how he felt a real martini was made with gin and specified gin; he was served a vodka martini. Although he was brought a replacement I feel like it's the small attention to detail ie.listening to your guests, that makes the service exceptional.\nI felt that our waiter paid better attention to the men at our table than he did with the women. At the end of our meal a few of our party left and the rest of us decided to stay for another drink. Once the men placed their orders the waiter walked right by the ladies without asking if we'd also like to order something. He wouldn't have stopped unless one of the ladies said, \"Hey, you didn't ask us if we wanted anything!\"\nOn another note, this restaurant does not accept debit which I find completely strange. We also asked for separate checks when we arrived and we were told that they couldn't accommodate that request because their systems were not able to handle multiple checks for one table. Really? I'm pretty sure they just didn't want to, maybe something to do with adding on the 20% tip when there's a large group. Not a pleasant experience and who really wants to sift through a large bill and sort out who had what to figure out what each person owes at the end of a meal?\nAnd yes, they have a giant wine menu but how appropriate is that when the food is just sub-par?\nAgain, I'm not afraid to pay higher prices when the food and service warrant it but this restaurant just didn't live up to what we were expecting