I can't rave enough about this place!  I made reservations for a party of 10 here to celebrate my mom's 50th birthday (June 6th).  It was such a memorable evening and the wait staff were incredible with making it happen.  First, I ordered a cake from Freed's Bakery and had it delivered to the steakhouse before our dinner reservations (6:45pm).  The receptionist called me to verify the cake had arrived which was great because it was my first time every doing something like that and I was worried the cake wouldn't arrive on time.  When we arrived, the staff were immediate with showing me the cake for inspection (on the sly away from everyone) and seating the group promptly (we were actually 25 minutes early, but they accommodated us anyways).  The presentation and explanation of the menu was fabulous and we ordered appetizers.  \n\nSince it was a birthday celebration, we usually do our gifts while we wait for food, but with it being such an important birthday, it took a little longer than usual.  Rather than cooking the food and bringing it out interrupting my mom's moment, the staff kept an eye on where we were at and timed cooking the meal perfectly with the conclusion of the gift giving.  The steaks are awesome.  I'm the type of person that likes my meat EXTRA well done, and this was the first time I've ever been able to eat a steak cooked that way (which was cooked right the first time without having to send it back) without needing any extra condiments.  This restaurant has huge, delicious, beefy steaks.\n\nAfter clearing the table, the waiter (I wish I remembered his name because he was awesome), did a mini-dessert for my mom to throw her off from seeing the special order cake.  Then, he brought out the other cake, neatly sliced (there was a $5 charge per slice cut) and served everyone at the table.  After it was all said and done, we discreetly handled the bill and left raving comments to the manager and within a comment card.  This was such a wonderful experience and if you're looking to celebrate a special event, this is a classy restaurant with great service to fulfill your needs.  The appearance, menu, and service far exceeded my expectations and I highly recommend this place to any and everyone.