If you have seen 'The Worst Show', then you know it is actually ONE OF THE BEST SHOWS IN VEGAS ('Worst' is a play on words about the lead performer's last name.)  I feel THIS IS THE ONE SHOW VEGAS HAS BEEN MISSING for a while.  How can I even describe it?  A 'tough guy' friend of mine (who hardly ever laughs and NEVER cries) laughed so hard and uncontrollably throughout the show that he and his wife kept bumping into each other as they shook with laughter.  He said much of the time it was so funny that he was straight out crying and his face hurt the next day and he even lost his voice from laughing so hard!  I know a family that was in the heat of a deep and terrible ongoing argument right before going to see 'The Worst Show' and they ended up having so much fun together, and it was so 'feel-goody', that they say it saved their marriage, They have thanked me profusely again and again on multiple occasions for recommending it.\n\nI went with three of my kids, a neighbor, her daughter and fiance, and two other families.  Every person raved about it and still talks about it when we get together.  One family has seen it again already and is going back, and both I and one of the other families are going back as well.\n\nThe cast started by personally moving through the audience and giving out VERY NICE fresh cookies (they may have even been warm) off a beautiful tray as they connected with us.  Then they performed with and around us in the audience before the show while others were sitting down.  It was so real, so connecting, and so fun that I was in love with two of the performers before the show even started!\n\nWow, so much: magic, illusions, comedy, rooting for the underdog, family healing, hilarious mindreading, audience participation, an accordion player, audience participation (did I mention the audience participation?  :-)  They even addressed my kids personally and got them involved and one 9 year old in our party even got to go up on stage and she did the illusion with Yuri Worst!  Oh, and this show is somehow so well written that serious adults find themselves bursting uncontrollably with laughter, while the kids get the same experience on their level.  It's like it's written in two different entertainment languages at the same time!  (I found out this was produced by two top producers and it shows)  There were frat boys, serious partiers, elderly couples, locals, and international travelers alongside families with kids and we all enjoyed this immensely!\n\nOkay...more descriptions.  Fresh, unique, soul-touching, funny, somehow feeling connected with my fellow audience members, glow in the dark juggling--oh, and one of my favorites was seeing how Grandpa Worst used to juggle blind!  Hilarious!  Also another favorite was when Judy (You-De) Worst (I know, these are the 'Worst' puns ever :-)  and they are actually done extremely well!) talks her brother into letting her perform her 'little song and dance number', and OH MY GOSH, she hits it out of the park!  From Cher to Queen, to a fun little jab at Britney...it was amazing, touching, powerful, tugged at my heart and had a human element and passion that I've rarely seen in ANY Vegas show!\n\nIt is family friendly, 'feel-good', amazing, so-hilarious-you-fall-out-of-your-chair, and somehow you feel like a member of the 'Worst' family when you leave!  And even leaving took a while because the performers hung around, treated US like royalty, and took pictures.  (By the way, MAKE SURE you get a picture of you either performing or doing the magic illusion by the entrance door (see my photos of me and my kids doing it!) and I think it was one of the producers, even gave my kids some flowers. \n Oh, but I do have one criticism...  They should certainly charge more for these tickets!  :-)  (Okay, thanks for being priced so well!)  The 'Worst' show really is the BEST SHOW--a show you experience with your whole soul--and a MUST SEE in Vegas that you'll remember for a lifetime!  Thank you, Worst family!  You're the BEST!  :-)