First thing I must point out is that when I do a search for this place on my GPS and on Google maps, it comes up as \"1127 Av Du Mont-Royal E\" And the Yelp map is not even close to where this actually points me. I don't know if this a problem with Yelp or whatever, but just thought I should mention that.\n\nMoving onto the place. My fiancee and I came here on a recommendation from a security guard at the US Office of Immigration, which is why I find myself in Montreal, I am happy to report they are allowing my Fiancee into the states so we can get married, yay me, but who cares about that, this is about food..\n\nOne thing that is a knock down in points is they do not take credit cards and only Debit, which is fine for interac customers however they don't take my debit card and I don't carry cash with me, so keep that in mind before you go. Secondly is the food as uttered by previous yelpers is a tad on the expensive side 10 dollars for a bagel sandwich is a bit on the high side, but I considered this morning a special occasion and didn't care. Other times however, I would have had a slight problem with it.   \n\nFiancee ordered the Beef soup of the day, a bagel with cream cheese and jelly and a bowl of hot chocolate. (Yes, bowl...) I decided on a Glass of milk, flavored hazelnut coffee (turned out to be alcoholic), the omlette and ham sandwich bagel and a side of crab salad. Food wait time was approximately 9 minutes from order till complete. We got the drinks first, the soup second, and the bagels last. Snapped some pictures for your enjoyment as everything we had was pretty tasty. However I had  a unbelievably difficult time eating mine due to the hardness of the bagel squishing the egg out of it causing quite a mess. The hot chocolate actually had chocolate whipping cream on top and was great on a day where it was below freezing at the time. Like I said before I got a hazelnut coffee but I was expecting it to just be flavored, not spiked. Which is odd when you take into consideration that the menu has 2 separate sections \"Flavored\" and \"Spiked\" I drank it anyway even though I didn't fully enjoy it. The crab salad had a large amount of Dill in it, and to anyone who is a fan of this herb should give it a whirl. Large chunks of crab with dill and a very light amount of either mayo or some other sauce served on a bed of lettuce. \n\nAll in all the service was good, the servers were friendly and I would recommend giving this place a shot just so long as you don't mind a few of the items to be a bit on the spendy side.