My friend and I have been meaning to try this place since it opened. The dinner menu is a bit expensive, so we wanted to try lunch. We had been unable to go, though, because of this place's scarce hours (No Sunday or Monday, I think?). Well, I finally went!\n\nThe outside seating is gross. There is no way I'd want to sit outside next to the busy street and the bus stop. I know this isn't really something the restaurant can help, but it might be helpful if they could find a way to separate the seating from the bus stop a little better. My friend and I sat inside instead.\n\nThe inside was cozy and quiet when we went. The decor is quite nice. Minimalist and tasteful. The chalkboard menu looked delicious, and perhaps sometime I'd like to come for dinner.\n\nI ordered the Cobb salad for lunch. It came with some flavorful toasted bread, which would have been better if it had a little butter on it. I think it was like rye bread or something...I wasn't sure, but it was tasty. My salad had: mixed greens, cucumbers, red onions, avocados, sliced cherry tomatoes, bacon, hard boiled eggs, chicken, blue cheese, red wine vinagrette, and buttermilk ranch dressing. It was a really yummy salad. They were not skimpy on the ingredients and everything was really fresh.\n\nMy friend ordered the Kobe beef lunch burger with white cheddar cheese instead of the Midnight Cowboy cheese (which, by the way, is a creamy blue cheese). He ordered his burger medium rare, but it came out more like medium well to well done. It did not matter, as it was still plenty juicy. I had a bite of his burger and the patty was very juicy and had diced onions in it, which added to the flavor immensely. It was definitely a quality burger.\n\nI'd like to try this place again and get one of the more unusual orders other than a cobb salad. I was just really in the mood for a salad.\n\nMy only negative thing to say was that I didn't think the service was all that great. It wasn't BAD by any means, but I had the feeling that the server thought my friend and I were not going to tip well. She did not seem happy at all to be waiting on us. She wasn't rude, but she wasn't really nice either. She was just blah the whole time. My friend and I both have worked in the restaurant industry for years, so this is the kind of thing that really peeves me because I know all too well when a server thinks that their customer will not tip them well. It's a double slap, considering we tip well.\n\nBut anyway, other than that, it was a nice experience, and I would love to come back.