My girl friends and I (4 of us) decided to book a trip to Phoenix\/Scottsdale for a 4th of July\/Best Friend's Birthday Bash.We found the Hilton Squaw Peak, and the \"Casita\" (this is a very loosely used term, we later found out) and thought, WINNER! We booked it to be arriving on the 4th of July, and heading home on the 6th. Due to the fact that there were 4 of us, I specifically asked for the 2 QUEEN Casita, with MUCH larger balcony-No problem!-Booked it. \nWe arrived quite early, as we were really excited to get there, checked in at the front desk, and provided them with my phone number to call me when my room was ready. You are able to use the pool area prior to check in, which is awesome. What is not so awesome is the \"RESORT POOLS\" are open to the public, like a water park! Now, I am sorry, but when I pay extra to stay at a \"4 Star Resort\" I expect some sort of exclusivity, and with it being the 4th, the place was NUTS! Oh well, we went on our way from the River Ranch, to check out one of the two \"Swim-up Bars\"....Oh goodness. I cannot even begin to tell you what they consider a \"Swim-up Bar\" is an absolute joke. You wade around in the deep end (no stools), hoping the inside bartender, in the inside bar, sees you waiving your hands and comes out to get your order... No, this is not a \"swim-up bar\". Huge disappointment, this was a pretty large factor when we picked the resort. But oh well we thought, it at least wasn't as busy as River Ranch.\nAround 4 pm I receive the call to come and get the room key, WAHOO! We are beyond excited. We check in with no issues, check in staff was friendly, get back in the car and head to our \"Casita\". Our \"Casita Parking Spot\" was taken, nothing they can do-too bad, you pay more for the convenience, and \"poof\" it's gone. I was told that unfortunately (when I called the front desk) not everyone is as courteous a driver as I am, with major sarcasm. The \"Security Guard\" arrived and posted a \"please move\" notice on the other car. Oh well, we thought, we will snag the spot when the (probably not resort guest) leaves. Head to the door, the key wouldn't work. I called BACK to the front desk, and they stated they had written down the wrong room number, again, no biggie.\nWe head upstairs to check out the loft, bedroom. One king bed. Not two queens, one.king. At this point I am starting to get really irritated. I call, for my 3rd time mind you, BACK to the front desk and advise them of the mistake. I spoke with Jonathon Hite, whom he checked the system and stated, yes-I had booked 2 queens, verified this 2 times, with TWO SUPERVISORS, but unfortunately they cannot move me to another room with 2 queens and \"kick someone else out of their room\".... Umm am I the only one here, who realizes, I WAS KICKED OUT of MY Room!? I ask to speak to one of the 2 supervisors I had verified this with.... Get this... No manager or supervisor would be working, the ENTIRE Holiday Weekend! Can you believe it? A 4 star resort with NO Managers or Supervisors on the 4th of July Weekend? Ya, me neither. At this point I am almost in tears I am so frustrated. I thank him, for absolutely nothing, and hang up. \nAfter closer inspection of the room, it was noted that there were ants, everywhere, in the kitchen. Guess we won't be leaving any food open, lol. I call back, advise the first person to answer, tell them there are ants, they'll take care of it. Obviously after we left, because no one ever showed. \nThe BED was comfy, the pull out bed was like sleeping on straight bed frame. The pillows are so \"feathered\" they provide absolutely no support. Our balcony had a HORRIBLE lean to it, it was actually kind of freaky. Overall the hotel room was just dark, felt old, and not at all what I expected. \nThis resort is 100% Smoke Free-however you are allowed to smoke \"E-CIGS\". So me and my girls brought a couple with us, and used them at the pool while we drank. It was on our second day, we were at the pool, with the \"swim-up bar\" and a bar crew member comes up to me and my friend, and advises us a guest is complain that we're smoking the E-CIGS. I tell the young bartender, that they are allowed, and the guest can complain all they want. What he should have done is informed the guest that they're allowed. I don't like being told that I can't do something, that is obviously OK. He told a second gentleman a few chairs down from us the same thing, that didn't go over nearly as well. The kid was basically told to shove it, felt kind of bad for him, but hey, think before you speak! We ate at Rico's on Saturday night, they had live music, which was great. The food was fantastic, we all enjoyed ourselves, and our drinks ;).\nI can honestly say we had a great time, we made the best of it. But I have had better customer service at a Days Inn off of I10. I will NEVER go back to this resort, and would never, ever recommend it. It is a waste of money. Go some where else!