I have had foot problems my whole adult life.  I have had about 5 surgeries and non of them made me feel any better than I did prior to the surgeries.  In fact, they always made everything worse.  That was until I was eavesdropping on two women talking about how they went to See Sharpe and how he made the pain go away. So, I politely interrupted the ladies and explained my situation.  They were more than glad to give me his office number. \nI figured what do I have to lose besides pain. Lol.\nThat was in 2012. And I am glad I made that decision.  Dr. Sharpe never once looked at me like I was crazy and the pain was in my head.  In fact, he took X rays and sat down with me to explain why I was having pain and what can be done to fix that. He always suggested the nonsurgical route first (which I loved). And he always walked menthrough what he was going to do if surgery ended up being the route we had to take. He would explain all the risks no matter how minor or extreme they were. He never kept anything from me.  If there was going to be pain or long down time, he made sure I understood.  It was almost like he could read my mind, and see how terrified I was that what if this ended up like the surges from the other surgeon. He always knew what to say to put my mind at peace. \nAnd the best part of his knowledge of his patients, is the fact he always seems to care about what's going on in my life.  He asks questions about a loved one that I had mentioned three years ago. And that's because he cares, so when you talk he listens. \nNow fast forward to 2018, Sharpe had redone every surgery and I am feeling great. I'm able to exercise, lost 63 lbs, and for the first time in was able to go cross country skiing. Well, I injured my ankle.  I foolishly walked on it for a month before I even thought of seeing him. I thought it was just a sprain.  \nWhen I went in to see him to find out what the problem was, he knew I would want to try and take the non surgical route first. He put me in a boot for 6 weeks and sent me for and MRI when it was still hurting. \nWhen the results came back and he saw that I had torn tendons he knew I was going to be upset .\nThe time he sat with me, and walked me through the surgery and made sure I knew I would be out of work for a while ( he kept telling me at least a month because he knew I don't like being stuck to sitting and being non active) he made sure I understood that the procedure could be more invasive than they would think once upon opening my ankle. He made sure I understood that the MRI might not always show the extent of damage until he gets inside to see.\nBecause Dr. Sharpe was clear about what could possibly happen, I was not in shock when he said he had to repair more tendons than what he thought, and do some cleaning around my bones .\n\nSo far I'm a month out from surgery,  and unsent to see him today. Here I am balling my eyes out because I was in such pain. He looked at me and said that this was normal from the instil trauma and then the trauma from the surgery I got hypersensitivity of the nerves around my incision. He let me know it's healing well, but what I need to do is physically therapy, and he said I know you don't like pain meds, so we'll  give you a referral to see pain management for never blocks to help you until I am able to get through physical therapy. \nMost doctors would have tried to through Percocet and have me be on my way.  But not him. He knows that I don't like taking them, and how I have a many family members either suffering from addiction or recovering. \nSo I appreciate him always listening and always finding a way to not just meet my needs medically but my wishes as well.\n\nHis staff is always friendly, and always there to comfort you if you are balling your eyes out. LOL. \n\nIf you are dealing with foot or ankle pain, I promise you Dr Sharpe is the one to go see.