BEWARE!! THEY WILL DAMAGE YOUR CAR AND MAKE IT FEEL LIKE IT IS YOUR FAULT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nI am extremely disappointed and left feeling with my issues unresolved.  I have entrusted Carlife to repair both of my family vehicles on several occasions in the past.  On the last visit in, (7\/30\/16)   it took 2 full days to diagnose a check engine light.  When I received the call that it was ready, they also informed me that they actually hit my vehicle with another car in the garage. They were very apologetic and offered to take care of it through Jeff's buddy's body shop.  They gave me 3 options, 1. either they fix the catalytic converter which is what was wrong with my vehicle for free because the damage equaled the cost of the repair ($1700 quote) but leave the car damaged, 2. They would fix the bodywork through their choice of body shop,  or 3. Eddie the owner would buy the car from me(odd).  I was not comfortable with the situation so I let them know I had to go out of town the next day and I would be back to deal with this when I could fully evaluate the situation.  In the meantime, I had an estimate done and turned in a copy to Jeff.  He was so rude in the lobby and refused to look at my estimate and stated that they would fix the car, but he would only fix it through his buddy and that it was his choice.  Since then, they had let me know that their insurance was going to handle the situation.  They had then given my number to another one of their buddies Adam, posing as an \"insurance guy\" to call me regarding the situation (8\/30\/16)Both Jeff and Adam had the same negative opinion about my body shop choice. Thats when I realized that Adam was not an insurance adjuster working the claim.  To this date, Sept 1, I have not heard anything back from Carlife.  I contacted their \"Insurance guy\" Adam because he had informed me  that his office emailed Nationwide Insurance and was just waiting to hear back from them with a claim number.  Now he is only telling me to contact CarLife regarding this issue.  I'm confused.. Is there a claim filed? Is Carlife trying to minimize their liability by going under the table and not report this claim?  Was Adam a real insurance guy? or did Carlife just give my number to their friend to call pretending it was someone from the insurance company to convince me to do something I didn't want to do? And last, IS MY CAR EVER GOING TO BE REPAIRED???\n2 MONTHS AGO I WAS RECOMMENDING THIS BUSINESS TO ALL OF MY FRIENDS IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD.   \nNOW, I AM SAYING BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!