There was one positive, the young guy with blue hair and neck tattoos was nice and trying to do his job, and the tall young gal that was working next to him. No name tags so who knows there names. Everyone else seemed to move at a snails pace and not give a crap.\nFirst there were two phoned in\/emailed orders that were large and being placed ahead of ours. So we literally stood at the window watching our food just sit there for close to 10 minutes. They need to get a quicker system or give customers that are actually there priority.  Don't let the food just sit.\nSecond, I was able to see a lot going on while I had to just stand waiting. An order of nachos had sour cream on it and they didn't want anything on it apparently,  and you would think it was a good thing they caught a mistake before it went out. However the person that seemed to be in charge, pony tail and glasses, told the larger gal with curly hair to just scrape it off. So she did just that, and then covered up what she couldn't get off with more cheese, the proceeded to run back thru to melt. Hope there aren't any severe allergies that can cause someone to be really ill...all because your lazy and didn't do it right the first time.\nThen, while we are still waiting in the same spot at the end of the line just staring at our food sitting, a burrito fell off of the oven conveyor because another one came thru. But here's the thing, the second item didn't come thru and push it right off, it happened over a matter of minutes. And then when it fell, the sour cream gal announced it in a very \"oh well\" tone and NO ONE cared. It just sat on the floor. And sat. And sat...\nAfter the other orders were finally done, the cashier acknowledged us though we'd been standing there for somentime staring at her and everyone else at the end of the production line. And when she did get around to acknowledging us she said \"give me a minute\". Wow. You know how long we've been standing here, and all we've just seen and you speak to me like I'm bugging you. I also asked her for a side of beans and I thought her head was going to quiet literally explode from the audacity of my request. She was so put out by it. \nLook, I didn't say anything because I was exhausted and only there because I didn't have the energy to cook for the family. And I knew that if I said something these people would have defended their crappy behavior because the one in charge was the same way. They just absolutely do NOT give a crap. About anything. I won't be going back because unfortunately this isn't the first time we've had to deal with this place clearly having poor management. Which is a shame, because there are some good people that are trying to do a good job, even if that kind of thing isn't encouraged.