I gave The Mall At Robinson a mild thrashing in a recent review. Chains, expensive boutiques, and the ghastly horror of Auntie Anne's rule The Mall like fascist street gangs in a futuristic dystopia, but a capsule of resistance can be found here in Buttermaid Bakery. \n\nThe cornucopia of cookies and cupcakes, all of them decorated simply, is enough to arrest the attention of the strictest health fanatic. The chocolate chip cookies are shields adorned with the largest, most ornate chocolate chips ever made. A damp inner circle is visible, acting as a harbinger of sweet decadence.\n\nI merely wanted to sample Buttermaid's goods, so I bought a chocolate chip cookie sandwich for myself, one sky-wheel of a chocolate chip cookie for Kay, and a foursome of cupcakes for the both of us.\n\nRegular readers will know how I feel about them having been co-opted by the birdy and birdbrained as well as and how downright awkward they are to consume. \n\nHowever, there is a secret to breaking them down. The method of attack involves treating each cupcake as a birthday cake and using a fork and plate instead of your hands. That's what Buttermaid's cupcakes are -- fat, individual, luscious birthday cakes. That's how they are to be eaten -- like it's YOUR freakin' birthday, your 21st birthday. \n\nAll four had chocolate batter. Two had vanilla frosting; the other two chocolate frosting. The batter itself was a gloriously wet celebration of cocoa, like Count Chocula holding a champagne-imbibed rave at Diesel on Halloween. The cake was so richly delectable, no frosting was needed. The lightly sweet but no less thick frosting, vanilla and chocolate alike, really just cut the cake's devilishness a tad. Chocolate shavings garnished the top of each one, and the frosting extended into the cake's core. You've got it! These were \"filled\" cupcakes, and oh how they filled our stomachs. \n\nThe cookie sandwich had the same frosting used for the cupcakes. The cookie, chips included, practically evaporated in my mouth, and with that, made all of the food court's lame options evaporate as well. Buttery, soft, sweet, yet salty -- that's what the elite chocolate chip cookies are, and Buttermaid's cookies were straight out of the most authoritative cookbook.\n\nButtermaid made yesterday's ordeal at The Mall at Robinson a little butter, I mean...better.