The Bloody Booger Room. \nWhat a dreadful stay at this miserable JW Marriott. \nI haven't come across so many bad hotel staff in a very long time. \nUpon checking in at the front desk, I was greeted with a very curt and rude attitude.  As a Marriott Gold Elite, I was surprised at the absence of any perks.  NO BREAKFAST FOR YOU!  Asked about getting a couple of bottles of water (ubiquitous at Vegas hotels), and the girl stated: \"you'll have two bottles in your room.\"  Got to the room, and guess what?  No water in the room...thanks!\n\nSpeaking of the room, we were greeted by a big bloody booger smeared across the wall in the entrance hallway.   I typically take extensive photos for reviews but I couldn't stomach taking a photo of this crime scene.  Incidentally, I called the front desk to have it remedied and they said they would send housekeeping - no one came (and no apology).  We finally flagged down a maid in the hallway and she took care of the situation, she had to resort to using some kind of scraping tool...so revolting. Like I said, a crime scene.  On a positive note, the maid was very pleasant and she gave us her personal bottle of Kirkland water when we asked about the alleged two bottles of water in the room, bizarre. \n\nCalled room service at 3pm and was greeted with: \"Good evening, Room Service\"...WTF...good evening at 3pm?  Ordered chicken fingers and a pesto chicken pizza (utterly flavorless) and was told it would take 45 minutes and if it wasn't delivered in 45 minutes I should call back and ask: \"Marianne, why did you eat my food?\"  Pretty shocking, and yes, it took a full 45-minutes.  I happened to call back to change my order at 3:02pm and was again greeted with \"Good evening - Room Service.\"\n\nGot ready to leave the room UNTIL I went to lock some valuables in the safe. Well...the safe was LOCKED.  Nightmare. \n\nWhatever you do, don't stay in room 4134. You will be assaulted by the constant noise of the hotel car-port and driveway located directly below the window.  \n\nAll the landscape lights were on at 2pm (at least the ones that were not broken from their bases) when we arrived to the hotel...who's managing this place???  Clearly they don't care. \n\nI'm on the road almost 200 nights a year and this has been the worst hotel experience in a long time.  Not only was the property worn out, but the staff were consistently dreadful...a bad combination.