So, other review sites seem to side with me on this one, I am not sure where my fellow Yelpers ate their dinner, but my experience at Kanpai was bad.  Real bad.  Not good at all.\n\nHow do you know that it was one of the worst experiences I've had at a restaurant in a long, long time?  Because I complained on-site to a manager, he comped our entire bill, and I still am left feeling angry days later.  Usually, if a place does an action to \"do right\", I wouldn't write a review.  (That's sort of the trade-off, right?) But, I still want to warn others, especially since the other reviews on here are really skewed to a very positive direction.\n\nI was SO excited about this place.  We arrived just after 7 pm on a Friday, and we were seated at the bar -- note that all seats are stools without backs.  No hooks for purses or anywhere to keep anything (jacket, etc) so that was an awkward start.  We each received a food menu, but no cocktail menu, despite seeing other groups receiving both.  Bartender (our server) ignored us for a good 7-10 minutes before coming over and I asked him for a cocktail menu.\n\nThe theme of night, if I had to pick one, was \"Server will Ignore You and eventually serve you tasteless food you don't want anymore\".  And I've been ignored at places,sure.  But not like this. Not when you are sitting 4 inches from your server the ENTIRE TIME YOU ARE THERE.  Not when you tell them you are unhappy, and how they can make it better, and they DONT GIVE A CRAP.  Chris - the bartender - if you are reading this: you are the worst server I've had in Toronto in years.  I work in the service industry.  I give benefit of the doubts left, right and centre.  If you have unhappy guests, the solution is not to shut down and just completely stop serving them.  Normally, if a manager comps a bill, I'd have left you a tip.  But here's my only tip for you: switch professions, or get it together.  I doubt you own this business, but I don't doubt you are going to ruin it for whoever does.\n\nThe food: we ordered the green rice, Taiwanese fried chicken, magic mushrooms and the fried pork belly.  Everything was one note - I could make those mushrooms at home. Rice was just that - rice.  Chicken was fatty, somehow.  Pork belly sauce clearly came from a jar, President's Choice makes better ethnic sauces.  We waited twenty minutes in between each plate.  No idea why.  Drink menu was boring, but I ordered a drink.  Just one, since our server never asked me if I wanted another one - although he did ask my dining companion if she wanted a refill on her drink.  \n\nAnd the icing on the cake was when a runner came by and sprayed cleaning product on the bar where we were sitting - literally, in front of us, at our seats - getting it all over us and our bags, since there were no hooks.  WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?  How can you guys be giving this five stars - this place makes Guu look like the best restaurant you've ever waited in line for.  \n\nFree meal, and I'd never go back.