arrved @ 8:15 for an 8PM reservation.Maitre D' announces the table was released because they wait only 15 minutes. An obvious lie and ploy to get a tip.  Should have left then since Hugo's announced right away how blatantly they had changed. I was livid and told this cretin about his attempt at larceny.  A turn out this guy is also the manager. After this glorious beginning it got worse. I've been going to Hugo's for years and loved it. My previous reviews have been sparkling. We generally bring our own wine and because they carry the brand there is a $25 corkage charge. I have never paid that charge but reflect the non-charge in the Sommelier's tip. Both the Sommelier and the mgr. assured me there would be no corkage charge. There was a charge. No problem, the Sommelier paid for it. Next was the salad;a great salad served at your choice of ingredients at the table. This was the meal's highlight. The server was pleasant and good and the salad perfect. We ordered the Beef Wellington and lobster tails. The tails were $90 but Australian tails are hard to find. No chef needed here, tails were great. The Wellington meat was perfect but the liver crust was shoddy and almost liver free. That never happened before. However, over all the food was very good. The waiter was ridiculously silly and lazy. Kept muttering something about serving ladies first. We had ordered the 2 dishes to share and explicitly requested the beef be cut at the table so my wife could get the better-done ends. We attempted to get the vegetables we wanted not the mélange they wished to serve. This waiter refused to do that; a first at a \"fine restaurant\".  The meal was not split, nor the meat carved at table. Like the vegetables I gave up the meat carving but insisted the meal be shared in the kitchen. A very unappetizing dinner was had. Oh,there has always been a 20% discount available through the casino which owns the place or at the 2 for stands in town for a small fee. Well they reduced it unilaterally to 20% on one entree. I am only upset at the people who have, in the past, gone here because of my reviews.  This place is now only for people with low to no self esteem, masochists and really ignorant tourists. My hope is that this review will cost at least as much business as the good ones I have given. Oh! I tipped what I was given. Zilch. I wish more people would assert themselves. It still cost close to $200 for a miserable dinner.  A note. Hugo's cancelled my reservation after I had been there. It took a while to figure out why. Turns out that if one has not been at the restaurant one can not review that restaurant on Open  Table. That is a problem that Open Table should fix in my view. However, Trip Advisor is a much better place to review a restaurant. I can not believe the pettiness this place, Hugo's, resorts to cover up some thing that never should have happened.