Horrible moving company to say the least! Movers were all aged 19 to 24 and appeared to be hired directly out of a reform school. They repeatedly made crude and inappropriate comments and were more interested in ogling my 17 year old daughter than moving my possessions. I was promised wardrobe boxes by the owner when I booked my move...they never arrived and I was told I never asked for them. The owner was contacted and he insisted I never asked for them. He was a bold faced liar.  My family's clothing that was in the closets were heaped into piles by the movers and left on the floor of my daughter's bedroom in the new house. I had my new house completely repainted on the interior prior to moving in and I made it plain to the movers to be careful with the walls when moving furniture After watching one of them bash a corner of dresser into the stairway wall and causing a gouge in the drywall I complained and again made it clear that the house was just freshly painted...this punk kid who had caused the wall damage mumbles under breath, \"Jesus, I'll cost $5 bucks to fix that, what's the big deal?\"...It was just one issue after another with this company. I went to pay them with a check at the completion of this nightmare and was told they didn't accept checks. I was never informed of this when booking the move but the head kid mover insisted I was told by the owner...that's a lie. The owner was contacted and he insisted I was told that they didn't accept checks...again a bold faced lie! I was forced to drive to an ATM to withdraw the money to pay these clowns. When I returned I went to pay them and I asked for a receipt since I was paying cash. I was informed by a kid, that I came to find out was the owners son that they don't give receipts and that his father would email me one at a later date. That wasn't acceptable to me since I was paying cash. I finally had to tell this moron that I wasn't going to pay him unless he gave me a receipt...he finally scribbled a note on the back of one of their business cards that I had paid them in full. They stole a brand new push broom that I had just recently purchased but I didn't find that out until 2 days after the move when I went to go use it and discovered that it was gone. They also dumped the remains of a damaged & broken water softener tank (it didn't belong to me) that I had seen in the back of their trailer when they arrived at my house, in my garage when they left. I guess they thought that was funny since I complained about their careless and unprofessional conduct at my house. This was the most UNPROFESSIONAL, UNRELIABLE and sleazy group of so called movers that I had ever had the misfortune to hire. Never again would I go within 20 miles of this group of thieves and punks.