YAY a BabyStacks in Henderson!!!!\n\n\n\n   I enjoyed BabyStacks with my PIC a few years ago when we did a Vegas trip. When I came back, I told my Mom and baby sis, you have to come here! I didn't know they had one in Henderson until my mother told me they had one when they moved out there themselves. They're anti Vegas so this was perfect and even more perfect that they're only a mile from my moms house.\n\n  I have no clue how I was able to be alive for this breakfast since I woke up at 3am and drove to Henderson with my girlfriends and never took a nap LOL. But my hunger was soooooooo strong, it overcame the sleep deprivation HAHA.  Surprisingly I wasn't even hangry especially walking up and seeing the crowd of people waiting. No biggie, put my name on the list and we sat on the bench at a neighboring eatery. I will say, for the most part, the service folks out here are really nice because, while we were waiting a staffer from the other restaurant greeted us even though we weren't there for them . We thought we were going to get the boot lol. So we get called and the guy asked if it were ok to eat in the patio. No problem with that and that was for the best because being a party of 2, you're seated earlier and inside is cramp for my taste so my mom and I actually had privacy to eat like pigs if we wanted :D The service here is great and they keep it together even with the crazy breakfast crowd. I don't recall our servers name but she was one of the sweetest servers ever and did so well with a party with 7 kids!!!!\n\n\n   Ok now for the food. You have A LOT of options , so if you can't find something, something is wrong with you.  I didn't want to go overboard like I did when I came to the other location with my PIC. So I kept it simple with a straight forward breakfast. This came with sausage, hash browns topped with pepperjack , scrambled eggs and two naked pancakes with a side of butter and syrup. My mom ordered egg whites, cheddar hashbrowns, toast and Portuguese sausage . It was a nice out and we only waited a few minutes for our food. Food comes out fresh and hot. Looks great! We dig in and everything tastes so good!!!! The pancakes were good but Snooze am in San diego is number one for me in the simple pancake category :) I'll still eat their pancakes all day! Their sausage patties are my favorite kind, nice sharp taste of fennel and so juicy mmmmmmm.  My mom LOVED her food, it was solid. \n\n  We didn't go fancy schamancy like most people do when they come here, all those pancakes loaded with rich toppings and or heavier breakfast items. We wanted simple and we got that and thensome. So good and hit the spot.  We left more than satisfied and I went home and took a nice loooooong nap :D  I'd come back to their small chain everytime I'm in the 702 :D