I ended up spending New Year's here with Donald and we had an awesome time!\n\nFor $60 we each got a 5 course meal that including shrimp cocktail, salad, cream of mushroom soup, entree of our choice, dessert, and a whole bottle of wine. They even had the driving range open with free buckets of balls for anyone who wanted to go out and do that before midnight. The shrimp were so huge. Normally I'm not really a fan of shrimp cocktail, but I actually loved the sauce that came with it here. It even had little bits of celery which Don enjoyed. There wasn't anything special about the salad except for the fact that they make all the dressings themselves. The cream of mushroom soup was hands down the BEST cream of mushroom soup I've ever had and I'm starting to reconsider my favorite type of soup now. It was obviously homemade and they weren't stingy on the very fresh mushrooms either.\n\nI ended up getting the Steak Au Poivre and Don got the Moroccan Spiced Lamb Chops. Both were served with Fingerling Potatoes and garden vegetables. To be honest, we were both pretty toasted by the time we got our entrees because we got a complimentary round of drinks for being the first people to sign up for the NYE dinner. We went with their Loaded Arnold Palmer, which they refilled once each. On top of that, they gave us our bottle of wine to share and it took them a while to bring us our entrees. I don't know if it was all the alcohol, but both entrees tasted seriously delicious. I ordered my steak medium and that's exactly what I got. It was so soft and juicy and the portion was pretty big. I think since they took a while to bring us our entrees, they had to hurry to bring out the desserts because our waitress told us she'd bring them out when we were only halfway done with our entrees. No problem though. I just got the rest of my steak to go and got to enjoy my ultra creamy cheesecake before we all went out onto the deck to watch the fireworks show. \n\nAfter finishing our desserts, the waitress asked us if we were ready for our shots. Shots!? Seriously. This place really kept the alcohol flowing last night. We had to pass on the shots because, after 2 loaded Arnold Palmers and half a bottle of wine each within a couple hours, we would not have been able to even walk to our cars afterward. Then we were also informed that we would each get some party favors and a glass of champagne for a New Year's toast. We had to pass on the champagne too because it was just too much. If I knew we would be getting all those drinks throughout the night, I would've really paced myself instead of drinking the Loaded Arnold Palmers like lemonade (they REALLY creeped up on me). However, it was really very generous of them to do all that for such a low price.\n\nA few minutes before midnight, everyone went out onto the deck to watch the fireworks. We seriously had a perfect view of everything and Don brought his tripod and DSLR to take some amazing photos. It was definitely a great experience and perfect way to watch the all the fireworks without having to deal with the insanity of the strip. I absolutely loved spending New Years here last night and I'd definitely come back for some of their delicious Cream of Mushroom soup!