You want to know what I really appreciate about this meat-centric restaurant?  The sauces!!!   I have been to other churrascaria-style or meat oriented restaurants here and in other parts of the US ( I'm not going to mention names...One local one starts with G) and to ingest a plate full of potential heart attack substances without additional flavoring is ridiculous.  I know that some of you purists are going to say that the quality of the meat should speak for itself, but I don't agree. Just like I like my coffee with a flavored creamer, I want my meat with a lil sumthin, sumthin on the side. (Much like a an adulterer , but I digress...) This place has not one, not two, not three, but FOUR different sauces that you mix and match and slather\/dip\/gently brush\/bathe your freshly grilled meats in.  I love that!\n\nI have been hearing about this restaurant for a while, but it kind of dropped off of my radar for more than a minute.  (So many restaurants, so little money) but now that I'm back to my weekly habit of visiting the Strip District, I decided to stop in.  I noticed that the menu wasn't expansive, but I still had a problem deciding what I wanted to eat...Del Mar (Of the Sea) or De La Tierra (Gaucho's interpretation - Not of the Sea!)  Hmmm, meat platter, seafood platter, sammich, what to do?  \n\nAfter much time and deliberation, I decided to go with the Rosemary Braised Beef sandwich, Maiz (Grilled Corn on the Cobb) and two steak empanadas.  I also scarfed up samples of each of the sauces.    Call me Vampire Killer because I love garlic and that Ajo (garlic) sauce is drinkable in my opinion.  The chimichurri sauce and the cebolla (onion) sauce were also excellent.  The Rosemary Braised Beef was smoky, flavorful, tender and well balanced with the addition of caramelized onions and horseradish sauce. (Yeah, I know another sauce...but it was good!)  All corn should be grilled and seasoned the way Gaucho does it.  The only downer that I had was the steak empanada.  I bought two, one for myself and one for my daughter Muff and they were a little dry and overwhelmed by the taste of olives.  I love olives, but the olive taste wasn't balanced out by other flavors, so it was just bien. (okay).\n\nAfter I raved about the restaurant to my sister, I had to take her there this past Saturday.  Not only did I reorder the same sandwich and grilled corn, I tasted some of my sister's Gaucho Papas (Seasoned Roasted Potatoes) Ay, Papi were they good!  \n\nService at Gaucho's was extremely friendly and welcoming, with the staff more than willing to explain everything about their menu in detail.  The place is minutely small and you have to go outside to change your mind.  (The size of the place and empanadas is my only reason for a 4 rating)\n\nAll in all though, a very wonderful experience and you can't go wrong with the food there.  Besos (kisses) to the chefs and owners!