After a tireless search for a hotel in Las Vegas that would be truly \"non-standard\" for my girlfriend and me, I located the Artisan and was so glad I did.  \n\nNow, a quick note to fellow Yelpers: this hotel is likely not anything you have ever seen before. It is an older location, not a posh five-star strip hotel where everything is sterile, new, and cookie-cutter. The previous negative reviews, though valid because they reflect what that person experienced, should be read and analyzed for objectivity given the fact this location absolutely has the most unique character and ambiance of any hotel my girlfriend and I have ever seen. \n\nThat said, let's do this...\n\nThe location is conveniently located close to the I-15 Freeway, but not close enough where freeway noise bothered. Upon arrival, we discovered there was only valet parking which did bother, but we accepted it.  The valet staff were nice, helpful, and timely when retrieving vehicles. When we entered the hotel, there were assorted sized mirrors and artwork on every wall and the ceiling (AWESOME). We had arrived about an hour ahead of check in time and the front desk arranged for our room early.  Once we got to our room, one of the newly renovated Premium king rooms, we saw it was clean with grey and black coloring on the walls, and overall a nice noir sexy modern feel with a pop art twist. Loved it. The down side, the location is old, therefore there weren't that many outlets for charging phones, plugging in curling iron, etc.  \n\nWe changed and went to the pool where we were the only couple down there for a while.  Unfortunately it hadn't been hot enough to take advantage of the cool water. (Pool is unheated so definitely NOT going in there unless it's 100+ degrees, LOL).  I enjoy photography and this location has plenty of great backdrops for that.  The pool area needed the attention of a wait staff because there were a couple leftover drink glasses there, so that's a point in the negative, but hey, they only have a handful of staff that work and it is what it is.  Don't be a snob.  If you are, you should go to the strip to one of the newfangled hotels.\n\nWe went upstairs after some photos, and eventually got dressed to go to the Barcelona Tapas bar inside the hotel.  We shared the calamari and filet mignon medallions.  The waitress was very nice, professional, personable, and overall provided a great experience.  Oh, the food was cooked correctly and tasted great without breaking the bank! \n\nThere was a DJ playing some EDM\/electric music in the pool area which ended at 10pm or so.  Be advised, Friday through Sunday this location's bar, lobby, and pool area turn into a full on ultra lounge or club type atmosphere with live music, etc until 3-4am. So, this place is a party location.  You have been warned, so no more complaining about the noise. :) \n\nOverall: We loved it. If you can appreciate art, shapes, uniqueness, and funky awesomeness you will love it too. \n\nThe artwork, the food and staff, the noir ambiance, the overall sexy feeling was just surreal for my girlfriend and me. The valet-only parking bugged, the leftover glasses at the pool bugged, the small number of outlets in the room bugged....but, there were no actual bugs, so, win.