ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE UNPROFESSIONAL MANAGER.\nMy boyfriend.friend and myself decide it would be enjoyable to go out for karaoke and some pool we call here and there and this place. Unknown guy picks up phone and says yes they have pool and karaoke and it starts around 10. Best to get there around 9 930 he says to me. So we get there about 10 30 . To the left they were having some kind of . \"Party\" children and parents and gift baskets. So we walk over to the left in which we see and open area for pool. We get closer and realize that the table is against the wall. So we go over to the bar and order drinks and then inquire about the table. We notice the karaoke dj was setting up a small area next to the open area. Still plenty of room for other activities. So the bartender man comes back and says ooh no pool because of the foundraiser. While we have been in the establishment for some time the people were slowly disipating, especially the ones with children. So I was a little irritated that they would tell me that this place had certain amenities and not mention you are having a foundraiser going on and that the normally amenities would not be available. So as time passes it's about 11 1130 and karaoke is just starting and people still slowly leaving so I ask again about the pool still no and service by the man bartender made us feel unwanted and like he had something much more important to do like walk around with scissors in his back pocket. Ha. So my friend sings his songs and like 4 people. Then he goes up for another. The dj says he is going on break. After about 10 mins of karaoke .the guy comes back and it seems the karaoke was over or they didn't want my friend singing again.which his next song was going to be smashing pumpkins. So as I was about to cash out and sign my tab I just wanted to take the manager on a professional level and discuss the poor service mind you I had 2 drinks the whole night. So he comes out I take him to the side for a quiet more appropriate approach. I told him why i was taking him aside that hes the manager im a paying customer and i just wanted to tell him about my poor service and how we were treated. Then I proceeded to tell the story . I called up here for pool and karaoke and they said yes and didn't mention that there was a foundraiser.... and he cuts me off and says well he wouldn't mention that! I asked why I didn't get a straight answer. He was very hostile and rude for being a manager he couldn't handle this situation professinally. He asked if you want the table moved we'll move it . I said no the isn't the issue any more I just want you to know as a paying customer how I feel and that I was treated poorly. He proceeded to walk away from me. He I guess was going to move the table I said hey don't walk away I didn't even finish and he inquired about the table again and I say no. He walks over to my boyfriend and friend and complains about me tells bar to cut me off lolz. My tab was petty. And proceeds to move the table. I signed my tab no tip and left. The manager is seriously rude and completely unprofessional.