I've been on quite a tear recently with my \"To Try\" bookmarks. Late this afternoon, I was suggesting to my friend that we pre-game to make sure we were full after restaurant #2 (more on that in the near future). This place popped up in our brainstorming and we went for it.\n\nCornish Pasty Co. found an home in a rather decrepit plaza which happens to be home to the legendary Lotus of Siam. CPC is right next to Komol, and you'll wanna know that the parking spots right in front are angled in the wrong direction if you're approaching from the street. A bar proudly dominates the center of the restaurant, and tables line the outside. We sat at the bar for a change of pace, although we weren't imbibing any potent potables tonight.\n\nI originally wanted only one pasty, but my friend convinced me that we should get two so that we could each try two. Conveniently enough, the pasties are cut in half, and they were willing to provide extra dipping sauce for free.\n\nI tried the bangers and mash ($9.00) first: sausage, grilled onions, and mashed potatoes with an interesting red wine gravy. Friend didn't care for the wine flavor, but I appreciated that it wasn't just plain gravy. Second up was the lamb vindaloo, which I ordered for the lamb-ness although I found the vindaloo was dominant. The Indian spices, unfortunately, are not in my wheelhouse, the spicyness was definitely a challenge for my delicate \/ capsaicin-sensitive tongue, and the yogurt sauce was just odd and didn't quite complement the lamb vindaloo. I'll take the blame for most of this, but I'm going to hold the yogurt sauce against CPC.\n\nI've gotta say, though, that the pasty shell around each of the fillings was quite good. Very flaky and golden brown, yet not burnt at all, and just the right thickness so as not to distract from the filling. I'm sure that I will enjoy the experience more fully next time when I only pick pasties that are appropriate for my palate, but I still highly recommend that you try the pasties promptly.