Ummm where do I begin? So I've been wanting to see this guy since I was a kid but I was never aloud to, so when I saw that travelzoo was running a local deal for $25 I thought for sure I could talk one of my friends into going with me. We arrived at the Riviera box office at 10p to pick up the tickets, show was supposed to start at 10:30, we were then hearded like cattle in this area that had no ventilation and waited for 20 minutes before they opened the doors to the \"theatre.\" We were seated at the end of a row, which you know what happens next, you get passed by all the other people getting up and down for drinks, bathroom, etc....Well the guy that I get lucky enough to sit next to, stands next to me and ask \"do you want my ass or my crotch in your face\" (he apparently thinks he is a comedian) I ignored him and pretend not to hear what he said and I tucked my feet in so he could pass through. He then sits down next to me and pretty much is sitting on my entire leg, I try to pull my leg out and he doesn't say a word, I don't know why he would, he is obviously trash, so 5 minutes passes and he then pours out his beer on the floor and it splashes on my foot and my jeans. Now I'm pissed, I tell him what I think, I get up and tell the 105 y\/o usher what has transpired, and instead of removing this jerk, my friend and I have to move, to the last row. At this point I'm ready to leave. \n\nSo the show starts with an opening act, some female \"comedian\" that wasn't funny at all, she had the typical line up of \"let's make fun of a black person, an Asian, a gay man\" this has all been done before and her attempt at political incorrectness was awkward. So finally Dice comes on, I have to say the guy still looks decent for all the years of smoking, his fowl mouth jokes still made me laugh, but there was one horribly scripted part where his wife interacted with him, please take this out of the show. He saved his nursery rhymes for the end, which of course was the best part. I never need to see him again, or the inside of the Riviera.