Before coming here, I called ahead to confirm a few things. The girl on the phone was very robotic in her replies, unfriendly. \n\nWhen I arrived it must have been the same girl that answered the phone, I wanted to ask a question, she cut me off to ask for my documentation I told her I had four applications. She told me three of the four required more paperwork. Thus far I had found the service very unfriendly and wasn't looking forward to dealing with other employees. \n\nI proceeded to take a number and complete the single application for now. I waited my turn which actually came quicker than I expected, finally a pleasant surprise. The girl at the kiosk was very friendly. She quickly went though my paperwork, and explained things to me. She even went through my other documentation and told me exactly what I needed, why I needed it, and minor things I missed on the papers. She even smiled and was very friendly, efficient, and patient with my questions. She even gave me a line bypass ticket so I wouldn't have to wait again. \n\nI came back later in the day with all the documents I was missing earlier, I took a number and was next in line, lucky me I got the first unfriendly girl, she must have something against smiling or maybe she's a robot, she really made me feel like I was a nuisance to her, even when a work mate asked her for something she rolled her eyes and sighed, so I can only imagine what a pleasure she must be as a co-worker. I didn't even enjoy her personality for the duration of processing the three passports. She didn't even ask me to sign the paperwork, she just slapped out in front of me with a pen. All three stars are the other girl I was dealing with, this girl got negative stars for sure. \n\nParking in this area isn't cheap, but not out off control either, lugging around kids, I parked in the parking lot right outside the building, at $4 per half hour. Also rush hour traffic Ida a real bitch around here. Unfortunately for mange it was snowing when I came out, so traffic was at a grinding halt. Although inside the passport office, there was fewer people waiting in the afternoon than in the morning, I was told by a security guard that it was the snow keeping people away, but it hadn't started at this point. \n\nI'll be back in five years to renew the passports of my children, hopefully I get more helpful assistance like I did with that helpful girl, rather than the unpleasant one.