This place totally IS a secret. I had no idea where they were. I knew they were in the COSMOPOLITAN but once I got in I couldn't find them. There are no signs that point to their location that I knew of. The establishment itself didn't even have a sign upon entering. I found out that they were \n\nLOCATED on the 3rd floor of the cosmo. There is an entrance hallway next to the pool table and escalators. I should have looked on the yelp reviews but I didn't so I just asked a hotel worker. \n\nThe ENVIRONMENT was exactly what I expected, SMALL with no tables to sit. They have a counter and that's about it. They do have an arcade machine which kept my son entertained while we waited. This place gets really busy so you will have to take your food to go (Don't know where though) or eat standing up. \n\nThe SERVICE was not a good experience.  We were the only ones there at the time we walked in and we had no greeting whatsoever. Then, it took about a couple minutes for someone to even take our order. Next came the over promising. Since I ordered an entire pie, I was told that there was a pie in the oven and it would be about 10 minutes. That pie that was in the oven...you know the one the guy said was for us...well, it did not go to us. Nor did the second pie. On the third pie, we had to go back to the counter and remind them we were still waiting.  Only then did finally we get it. No apology. That is my pet peeve.   \n\nThe QUALITY of the PIZZA was such a disappointment.  Since there were 5 of us, we just ordered the entire pie because it was a better value. Each slice is about 5 dollars and the entire pie is about 27 dollars depending on which one you get.  Our choice was pepperoni.  I understand that sometimes people can order the wrong item but, in this case, I doubt it would have made any difference.  First, their pizza is thin crust which is fine. I like thin crust pizza but the crust is very soft and limp which made it hard to eat. Kinda like a new yorker but worse..almost uncooked.  It just kept flapping all over the place and going limp just prior to getting in my mouth. Second, it was very very oily. I'm talking about Pizza Hut type sprayed on oil dipped in more oil. I had pizza juice running all over my hands and mouth.  Some of you might like that, which is totally cool but not for me. \n\nI am going to give it two stars though because I don't think I can ever give any pizza joint 1 star. Plus, the employees did speak in a friendly manner. Even though they did not serve us well.  Bottom line is, the name matches perfectly. Nobody should know about this place.