Sin City. Poolside bottle service, strip clubs, gambling and what? A Neon Sign Museum. Yes, you heard that right. A Neon Sign Museum.\n\nYou know how when you fall in love, you can visualize that moment so clearly in your head? It's a flutter, this overwhelming desire and then certain details just sit with you forever burned into your long term memory.\n\nNo? Ok, maybe that's just me. *awkward pause*\n\nAnyhoo, 5 years ago I had come home from work, picked up the mail and was doing my normal process of file, shred, and read when I come across my monthly VIA Magazine which I always peruse through to look for the next adventure to add to my ever growing list. Start flipping through to see a brief clip of the Neon Museum. My eyes ate up these deliciously worn down and repurposed signs. They were visually stunning even in print and it was love at first sight.\n\nLuckily this year I had a conference to attend in Vegas, and I was determined to go during one of the nights, even if I have to go it alone. One of the promises I made to myself this year is \"Imma do me\" and to check off as many things on the bucket list as possible and not give myself excuses as why something can't be done, or needs to wait. Float a Neon Sign Museum visit by some coworkers, and receive stunned looks of \"I'll pass *cough* you're a nerd\", before folks agree to go. I love the people that humor me on my completely random adventures. I immediately book tickets 3 months in advance online.\n\nWe grab a cab and oddly enough to head off strip at this hour to the location is about 40 mins in rush hour traffic and we'll miss our timed tour (pre-booked this months in advance ONLINE, not that the place is every really that busy). Calling the museum I only to get caught up in their IVR and get frustrated. My cohort proceeds to laugh at me and then tries the number for himself, of course he managed to bypass the IVR and reach a person without much effort. He gets our situation sorted to where we can join the tour a little late. It's the little moments like these with friends where I think to myself, \"I'm lucky to have you around,\" and with a brief mind hug, I look out the window and am distracted by signs.\n\nWe arrive shortly and are escorted to the tour, already in session. As the other visitors listen to the history and descriptions, I completely ignore the guide and physically skip around, lingering near the back of the pack so I can get the perfect shots sans humanoid forms. Sometimes I don't think I care what the story was before coming into contact with something beautiful, I just care that it exists in my view, for me to interact with, add my own personal metadata, love, and appreciate. After all, isn't it our memories that make things special?