Our last day in Vegas, Wifey wanted something different from The Strip and away from The Strip. \n\nI was in the mood for some good Mexican, but I was overruled as Wifey wanted Ramen. I scoffed at the notion of a good Ramen joint existing in Vegas. I crave for good Ramen, and so far the best I've had to date was from Santouka Ramen in LA. The Ramen joints in The City are a joke, but thank god for San Mateo as my only salvation for good Ramen. \n\nSo when Wifey found this place, I was very skeptical; but I had no choice since she won all the money in Vegas that pretty much paid for our trip and then some. \n\nSo we drove to Vegas' Chinatown district and one thing I noticed is that the blocks are like a frigging mile long. Damn...the blocks are so far apart I felt like I was in the desert. \n\nSo we arrived and it's in a small strip mall similar to those found all over California (looks promising) and definitely qualifies as a Hole-In-The-Wall joint. The place is small...more tiny than small with a seating of about 20 + at a time. It was around lunch and the place was packed. I also observed a squad car illegally parked and had me worried for a second thinking it was a crime-ridden area and had an incident in progress. My guard subsided when I saw two of Vegas' finest slurping the Ramen inside. \n\nWe waited for approximately 20-25 minutes before we got called and I was famished. I was already eyeing the 'Daily Special\" board of Kuro Ramen and Spicy Tonkutso Ramen (both $7.95). Sold! Wifey also ordered a side of Tonkutso Pork over a bowl of rice. \n\nThe side order arrived first and what we got was a pile of pork meat on top of rice topped with Nori strips. Ummmm....Anthony Bourdain would approve of this. \n\nThen our Ramen arrived and all my skepticism disappeared and what I felt next was envy. I was envious that Vegas can have a better Ramen joint than San Francisco. Then envy turned into sadness, which turned into me slurping the noodles to comfort my emotional needs at that time. \n\nThe broth was amazing. Unlike the broths in The City that are overly salty, this one was creamy, thick, rich but also tasted light. How could that be? It wasn't rich, thick and heavy as one would expect. All I can say is wow. It truly made a believer out of me. I also tasted the Wifey's broth and the roller coaster of emotion began again. \n\nThis one really surprised me in a good way.