A DIGNIFIED DEATH\nThis review is for the staff of Las Vegas Animal Emergency Hospital and how they helped me handle one of the worst experiences a pet owner can go through.\n\nCutting to the chase, my almost 14-year-old Shih Tzu was walking fine on Saturday morning but, by Saturday night, he was barely able to stand, let alone walk. I'd taken him to this hospital once before years ago on a weekend for a different emergency, so I knew that they would be open on a Saturday night.  \n\nMy boyfriend and I walked in with my dog around 10:30pm and were immediately greeted by the receptionist.  She got the basic information about why we were there and then my dog was whisked away by another staff member for a preliminary examination.  I filled out the requisite paperwork in the lobby and then we were put in an exam room to wait for the doctor.  Twenty minutes later, Dr. Wilkins came in and gave us her assessments and the options.  She was very thorough in her explanations and answered all of our questions.  I won't put them all down here because the bottom line was that the news wasn't good; the time had come for me to let my little boy go in peace, not wanting him to suffer any longer.  \n\nDr. Wilkins and her staff showed extreme compassion and empathy during a devastating hour for us.  I can only imagine how many times they have to go through this every workday with other clients and their beloved pets.  My dog was brought to us so that my boyfriend and I could spend as much time with him to say our good-byes.  When we were ready, Dr. Wilkins came back in and administered a sedative first and then the sodium pentobarbital injection.  It was all over in an instant and I'm grateful that my little companion left in peace and without pain.  \n\nThis was the first time that I've had to put a pet to sleep and, although it was heartbreaking for us, I know it's something that many pet owners have to face eventually in this way.  I appreciate the humane, dignified, and compassionate way my dog was treated here and kudos go to the veterinarian and staff on duty.  I would not hesitate to recommend this hospital if you ever have an emergency when your regular vet's office is closed and need urgent care for your family pet.\n\nMonday - Friday: 6:00 p.m. - 8:00 a.m. \nSaturday: Open at 4:00 p.m. remain open until Monday morning at 8:00 a.m.