I really hate the feeling of being suckered...and am feeling it in spades over this deal\n\nThey give a good sales pitch but leave things out...like a lot of hotels in the areas I  travel to.  I recently booked a Embassy suites in California and when I went back to see if there was availability to extend my stay the hotel was no longer available. Now I didn't say it was all booked because I checked their company website and there are plenty of rooms. Then I looked farther out and the hotel is still not available...gone from the site. I looked for hotels in an area outside of seattle were there is plenty of availability on other sites however Sears, again, was quite limited as they seam to be in most areas after i had the chance to compare them to other sites(unfortunately you have to purchase to find this out. \n\nThe website is so frustrating...there is no search option and if you click on a hotel and then tab back you loose your settings. It can be like looking for a needle in a hay stack but as soon as you look somewhere someone throws more hey where you just looked! I could go on about the site...it's just to frustrating.\n\nNow on to the whole \"voucher issue\". I recently tried to book a trip to maui using  one of my \"free\" trp vouchers. After working with them on the phone to book the trip he told me what my total would be be...I was like \"my total?\" He said it only covered a portion and that I had to pay the rest. So the room at the Sears rate was $1279 and that my total due was $1060...how in the heck is that a free stay or even considered a voucher? I never saw any of this information and just looked over my paperwork and it doesn't show this anywhere. Their response was that the hotel is Normally over $2000 so thats how I was getting a deal but I have to call BS and I bet you will to...and these resort stays are not free they are pre paid as I have had these people admit to me. $219 dollars off is a deal when I paid $3000 for this thing?...\n\nThey have no email to send suggestions or complaints and beyond booking the reservations they representatives are not much help beyond that(though they are very friendly and I feel bad that they have to use the same horrible website as we do to book with). \n\nAnother downside to using this site is you cannot use any of your reward programs at hotels. I can't say that I haven't got some deals through them but for all it's worth it's not worth the hassle. When adding in the discounts and hotel stays that other hotels give for frequenting them it doesn't come out to much of a deal in the long run. So unless there is something about the discounts that really work well for you do yourself a favor, stay away and look somewhere else