I happened to meet friends here on Saturday evening, and overall, I like the design.  It is simple and not overly tacky.  They are definitely in their opening stages, there was only a few printed menus, they were not serving everything on the food menu (if you can spend millions on a place, spend a few extra bucks to print menus for your opening if you're not offering the full menu), and the bartender abilities were a joke.  The Jefferson - a great cocktail if executed properly.  It is supposed to be cucumber and basil muddled with cucumber infused vodka (they use Effen Cucumber) and topped with a splash of soda.  They put one basil leaf in to muddle.  When you make a mojito you don't use one mint leaf, what makes a person think that one basil leaf in this drink is going to give any flavor?!  Needless to say, there was absolutely no basil taste at all, which was disappointing.  The drink was bland to say the least.  I asked for the black pepper, added a few shakes and had the bartender shake it up again - much better!\n\nThe staff was polite, in a \"we think we're the shit\" kinda way.  The waitresses all huddled at their staff spot at the bar flirting and chatting with the bar backs and bartenders pretty much the entire time.  It was early enough so it wasn't that busy, but it was overkill to have 10 employees crammed into the bar space.  \n\nI ended up here again the next day, when my same friends (they're guys, so naturally the fake boobs in this place are doing what they are intended to do and draw in the customers) decided to have a few before we hit a show.  This time we had A.J. as well as our bartender and he was great.  He entertained, he paid good attention to all of the customers on that side of the bar, if you asked him for something you got it (the blond, not so much, I think every time someone asked her for something, she looked at them like they had 2 heads and when I asked for a napkin after not getting one when served my food she looked at me with a blank stare and said \"you need a napkin?\" to which I politely replied, \"I'm not exactly going to use my arm to wipe my mouth...\")  The food is OK.  I think with time they can perfect it and have some great plates.  I ordered the wontons and they were cooked perfectly and tasty.  I also ordered the shrimp and green papaya salad.  It was tasty, the shrimp could have been cooked just a bit more and the dressing was a little tart and needed to be just a tad sweeter, but overall it was tasty.  A friend ordered the ribs and wasn't too keen on them, but did say the chicken lollipops were great.   It was disappointing to ask the staff how something was and have them reply that they haven't tried it.  To me, part of training is the food sampling.  A staff member should always be able to explain an item on the menu and know what it taste like.  \n\nSo overall, it is exactly what you would expect from a lounge in Scottsdale.  If you enjoy that scene, you will love it.  It's a good place to chill and have a drink on a Sunday afternoon (which, BTW, if paying $12 for a cocktail is a bit much, on Sundays you can go for HH and get half priced drinks and $2 off all food).