I met three others yesterday to do a tasting of various dishes Naked City has to offer.  Let me first let people know, this is not the location where Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives filmed the segment of the show.  That location is on the west side and is named Naked City Pizza on Arville.  I was wrong in thinking this was the place and I was given the correct information by a fellow diner.\n\nWe rodered 5 things from the menu before dessert and asked the server to bring them in a certain order.  She did that perfectly! \n\nFirst up, we had an order of roasted garlic buns served on the house sauce.  Along with this, we got an order of chicken wing dip served with grilled, herb flat bread.  The garlic buns were good and the sauce was tasty.  The buns are filled with cheese.  Don't think of the traditional garlic knots if you order this.  I would have liked more garlic flavor--that was lacking.  The chicken wing dip was very good.  Pieces of boneless chicken in a very cheesy sauce with a modicum of heat.  The flat bread was firm enough to allow you to spread the chicken on it.\n\nNext up, we got an order of Running egg carbonara and a sandwich that's their take on Croque-madame.  I don't remember it's name.  The Running egg carbonara had pieces of pancetta in the pasta and we broke the egg on top and mixed it in the warm pasta.  A very good dish.  The sandwich also had an egg on top that we pierced to drip down over the sauce.  The sandwich had ham and was topped with a cream sauce.  I thought this was OK. \n\nFinally, we got Guinea's pie, a pizza that was shown on the Triple D episode.  It's a pizza made with meatballs, spinach, ricotta, white garlic sauce and mozzarella cheese. The pizza was good but I found myself putting a fair amount of hot pepper flakes on my slices.  There was some good garlic flavor but I needed the added kick of the peppers.\n\nWhen faced with the question of ordering dessert, two of us succumbed.  We ordered the bag of zeppoles.  We were also brought an order of tiramisu which was the winner of the two.  The chocolate and lady fingers were placed on a base of very soft sponge cake that melted in your mouth.  Very good.  The zeppoles were good, too.  However, since the four of us were quite full at this time, I was tasked with bringing the zeppoles home.  It's a terrible thing but someone has to sacrifice.  I froze them and will bring them out for a dessert as the days go along.\n\nOverall, a good lunch with very good service.  Good company and good food make for a winning combination!