A RIBBON OF ASPHALT THROUGH A REAL LIFE PAINTING\n\n   A good trail designer is a trail artist. Bike trails are more than non-motorized paved trails connecting Point A to Point B. A good bike trail is a work of art where a ribbon of asphalt travels through a real life painting. \n\n The two-week new (at the time of this review) Wetlands Park Trail is a 6 mile ribbon of asphalt that connects the Wetlands Park Nature Preserve to the vicinity of Lake Las Vegas. It is 6 miles of eye candy that rewards the trail user with the experience of traveling through a painting. As soon as the Lake Las Vegas bound trail user leaves the preserve, they pass over a bridge that overlooks rapids and small waterfalls along a rushing Las Vegas Wash ultimately bound for Lake Mead. Just east of the wash the trail intersects with an unpaved Hollywood Boulevard bordered by powerlines. Before the trail was built,  the unpaved Hollywood Boulevard with a couple of relatively straight dirt roads was the route between the preserve and vicinity of Lake Las Vegas. The trail artists created an indirect route that maximizes the natural beauty and gentle topography of the desert. After intersecting Hollywood Boulevard the trail takes an indirect route into the desert where it overlaps the Sunrise Trailhead then winds along gentle curves and hills before crossing an unpaved Hollywood Boulevard two more times. This is a real life painting showing a not-too distant Frenchman Mountain and Lava Butte to the northeast and a distant yet scenic Las Vegas skyline to the west. This is a real life painting showing the landscape of the Mojave Desert. Over a mile into this real life painting the Wetlands Park Trail turns to the east with changing scenery. For a distance, Wetlands Park Trail borders desert and wetlands. The topography gets hillier. Here, there are views across Henderson to the River Mountains. As the trail gains distance to Lake Las Vegas, the valley gets narrower when mountains to the north replace the open spaces of the desert. Toward the last mile of the trail, it is a 5 star painting of a distant Lake Las Vegas Village towering above a tranquil Las Vegas Wash. The trail passes over the Las Vegas Wash ending at the Wetlands Connector Trail. Terrazza Park and Lake Las Vegas Village are a short distance to the east.\n\n   Although the Wetlands Park Trail is 6 miles from the Sunrise Trailhead to Terrazza Park, I strongly suggest expanding it to an 8 mile hike or bike ride in conjunction with the Wetlands Park Nature Preserve trail system and Wetlands Connector Trail to Lake Las Vegas Village. The preserve is beautiful and the Visitor Center is a nice introduction to the wetlands. Unfortunately vandals are spoiling some of the scenery of this real-life painting. There is some vandalism and graffiti at the semi-isolated Sunrise Trailhead. I wouldn't leave my car there and am recommending against parking there.\n\n  As far as safely, it is an easy hike. I would definitely bring lots of water. Please keep in mind that if you stop in Lake Las Vegas Village that a bottle of Smart Water costs $5 in Pack&Perk. Keep in mind that Wetlands Park Trail reaches from the east periphery of a major metropolitan area. Anybody could enter the trail. So please be very attentive. And another concern is that if you are walking a dog, there has been coyote activity nearer Lake Las Vegas.\n\n  The Wetlands Park Trail has been worth the wait. With the completion of the trail you can now bicycle or walk from Wetlands Park Nature Preserve to Hoover Dam without crossing a major highway.\n\n  I plan to spend more time on the Wetlands Park Trail. When the weather is nice I prefer to be in a real life painting instead of looking at a painting.