We went on Saturday, the 19th. Thank god we were close enough to walk there because parking looked like a total nightmare. That only saved one b.s. hassle for us as we waited in line to get into the place. \nThen we waited in line to get a wristband to drink.\nThen we waited in line to get into the beer garden, only to be told we need to go buy tickets outside of the beer garden to be let into it. \nWaited in line for tickets. \nBack to the beer garden, waited in line to be let in. \nThen waited in line every time we needed a refill of our shotglass-sized beer sample. \nWaiting in line is a part of life. I GET THAT. I expected a lot of people to be there and there were, but being that it was our first time there we were unaware as to the organization of the event and there are no clearly-marked signs explaining how to do things. \nIn addition to that, we quickly discovered that this little shin-dig was costing a little more than we expected. \n$10 to get in. \nThen a separate (additional) $10 to get into the beer garden. \nAnd then once we're in there, we're still paying for the tasters on top of that. Now while I understand how a beer garden works, in my past experience with these kinds of events, your beer garden admission fee will include a certain number of tickets to use for your samples. Not so much in Scottsdale. Between two people, we were $60 in the hole before we could get to our first drink (Admission 2\/$20 + Beer Garden 2\/$20 + drink tickets $20). \nAfter all of this, though, things picked up a bit. Drink lines moved fairly quickly and not every vendor was collecting all of their drink tickets. After we each had about 13 or 14 drinks, I got munchy. We left the beer garden and went looking for food, where I had the nastiest pseudo-spinach dip from, I believe it was called Arizona Bread or something like that. A miniature bread bowl filled with mayonnaise. Um, no. It seemed to me that the food booths that were set up were mostly chain restaurants like Chipotle and that hot-wing place. Not so much. I skipped eating and we went back to the beer. \nMost of the people at the event (and this includes both the customers and the vendors) were in good spirits. It was a beautiful day out and everyone seemed to be having a lot of fun. Sure, all the guys had the same hair, sunglasses, and v-necked white tee shirt, and all the girls in their twenties had 40-ish haircut-and-color combinations accompanied with their GIANT fake designer purses that whapped me a few times (what the HELL do people carry around in those things?? Unless you're supplying the blow for you and ten of your friends, leave the bag at home, High-Maintenance Hon), everyone was there for the same reason - to enjoy the day and have a good time with friends.