Usually I can give or take sushi, but every now and then I get a hankering for it... say, after drooling for hours over Jiro Dreams of Sushi or after gorging myself with heavy holiday meals for days on end- the latter in this particular case.  Thus brought my boyfriend and I to Fukuda for a date night after the twelve days of Christmas feasting.  Although the restaurant is small we were seated immediately without a reservation on a Friday night.\n\nThe only things keeping me from rating Fukuda as a stand-out five-star restaurant are some slight disorganization mishaps that occurred throughout our meal and the extremely annoyingly placed light at our table (blaring red light right in my eye line across the table).  After ordering we were brought our sushi orders relatively quickly and gobbled them up immediately.  This is some of the best-quality fish and delicious sushi I have had and definitely one of, if not the best, I have found in Pittsburgh.  We kept it simple and started with the salmon and kampachi sushi ($7 each) along with a cold tuna appetizer ($10).  The appetizer was okay- excellent quality fish and tasty but missing a punch from a citrus or something similar- but both sushi choices were melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  I had never had kampachi before but it is now one of my favorite sushi options, similar to a fatty salmon or yellowtail and served with a garnish of green onion on top.  After the sushi we sat waiting for our next option- the ramen- to arrive.  Three times three different staff members came over to ask if we needed anything else and each time we reminded them that we had ordered more food that should be on its way.  We sat, and then sat some more, both with growing hunger as the sushi didn't keep us full very long.  I am not joking when I share that we sat so long we started dipping our chopsticks in soy sauce to try to get some sustenance. Eventually yet another staff member came over and apologized that it was taking so long and offered us complimentary sake- we happily accepted.  While sipping on the sake our ramen FINALLY arrived and it was piping hot with a fragrant broth, noodles, pork, egg, and bamboo shoots.  I am not sure if it was due to hunger or not, but it definitely hit the spot and did not last very long as we slurped it up.  We decided to order one additional item to make sure we would stay full and went with the inside-out spicy tuna maki.  This came lightning fast compared to the ramen and we were even offered more sake to go with it.  Once again, the quality of the fish was exceptional and the roll itself was well-made and the perfect size.\n\nI will be back to Fukuda but just hope they get themselves a bit more organized before my next visit.