I didn't believe the 5 star rating (based on 7 reviews) that Royal Coffee had on Yelp, but I was hoping it to be true and thus I started my venture to Royal during my lunch break while I was at ASU main. I passed two other coffee joints to get here and it was worth it!\n\nThe two staff members welcomed me with a friendly \"hello\" and smile while I took a quick glimpse at my surroundings. This is an intimate shop (a polite way to say small), but the décor is modern hipster and the open patio is enticing especially now that the Fall weather is cooling down. Standing at the order counter, which is covered in individual health bars, loose tea containers, and two pastry stands, I asked the first of a bazillion questions (okay it was only three, I asked three questions). I wanted to know what kind of milk they offered, the drink sizes they offer, and the amount of shots in each latte size.  As you might have read in my tip, I am so giddy that they offer almond milk. I love almond milk, it makes everything taste better. In addition to that, they have the standard, whole and non fat cow's milk and soy milk. The drink sizes are in English, so you choose from a small, medium, or large and since I wanted a latte, the shots for each size are 1, 2, and 3 for a large.\n\nMy drink of choice today was a medium iced carmel latte with almond milk ($4.22 with tax). Now, I am both happy and sad I ordered this as my first drink from here. I'm happy because I haven't had a flavored latte in forever and their carmel sauce (yes I say carmel, not caramel) is a honey, buttery goodness that is worth the extra 40 cent surcharge. I'm sad because since I got a flavor, I can't really taste the espresso, but reading the prior reviews, it's apparently the bees knees, but to be clear, the flavor isn't overwhelming powerful that you lose the coffee taste. Either way, my drink was delicious and I will be back to try it again.\n\nSo as I said, their order counter is lined with various goodies and the pastry stands were screaming my name so loud it was annoying and even though I told them they were being rude and to stop, they gave me an ultimatum. I had to buy one or endure the screaming my entire time there. So since I was left with no choice, I tried their banana fritter\/donut hole ($1.25) . Oh-em-to-the-gee, it was mouthwatering. The outer glaze melts in your mouth and then the banana hits your taste buds, ugh so good. You must try them!  All their pastries are made Nami -meaning they are all vegan, but don't let that fool you into thinking they won't have any flavor!\n\nI understand why this coffee joint has 5 stars. Great Drinks, Great Food, Amazing Service! And just to add to their awesomeness, they have a frequent flyer punch card (its electronic, you use your email) and every 10th drink you get $3 off!