I don't like to give one star reviews, especially for my own people but I honestly wished I had checked Yelp prior to taking my teenage daughter here to get her fill.  I usually go to a nail salon on Buffalo for my own nails but decided to stop here since it was in our neighborhood and was convenient since we wanted to stop by Ice Monster for boba.  Walking in, we were greeted by the owner, who was working on another customer and tells us it would be about an hour for before they could get to us. Contemplating whether we should just go elsewhere or wait, an older lady near the back of the salon comes up and greets us and tells us we can get in now for a fill.  She was really nice with a great smile and bubbly personality but handed my daughter off to a younger technician to do the fill.  In Vietnamese (and I do speak fluent Vietnamese) the older lady asks the younger lady if she could do the fill; without even looking up, she begrudgingly said \"ok\".\n\nWell, she gets started on my daughter's nails and doesn't even look up at me or acknowledges me...no hello, how are you..nothing..she also says nothing to my daughter while I stand there next to them.  My daughter gives me a bewildered look and just shrugs.  I tell my daughter I'll be back and head over to Ice Monster to get our boba drinks.\n\nWhen I return, I go back to where my daughter is and drop off her boba drink and since the technician doesn't even look up, I mouth to my daughter \"how's it going? has she said anything to you?\" my daughter replies with a shake of her head no.  So I try making conversation, I say in English \"that's a nice color\"...silence...so I say it in Vietnamese this time...still no response...OK so I tell my kid, I'll be over on the couch waiting for you.\n\nWhen she was done, I pay $15 for the fill give the girl a $5 tip (I always tip no matter what cause either way, she provided a service AND a lot of my family also does nails and own nail salons in San Francisco and it's just courtesy for me).  Anyways, so we leave and get into the car and I ask her if Kim (her name on her license on the wall) even said two words to her and her eyed got wide and she said YES.  After my attempt to speak to the technician in Vietnamese and got nothing and walked away; that's when she proceeded to ask my daughter a series of questions:\nKim: Is your mom Filipino?\nDaughter: No, she is Chinese and Vietnamese so I am black\/Chinese\/Vietnamese\nKim: Oh, you don't look black.  So you live here?\nDaughter: No, I live in the Bay Area, I am here visiting my mom\nKim: OH, you live with your Dad? Why you don't live with your mom? How can you live with your Dad and no mom?\nDaughter: uh, I live with my Dad and my stepmom.\nKim: Oh, what is your stepmom?\nDaughter: My stepmom is Korean\nKim: Oh your Dad likes Asian women\nDaughter: Yes, and my mom likes black men (and?)\n\nNothing after that...umm, my daughter said it was the most awkward of a nail session she has ever had and she felt like the nail technician was totally judging her. Needless to say we won't be going back there anymore.