My girlfriend and I were looking for tickets to see the Blue Man Group and low & behold we won tickets to see the show here in Los Angeles. There were a few blackout dates but we usually take days off from work during the week so the blackout dates didn't really affect us. \n\nPart of the deal with winning the tickets is that we had to contact the Blue Man Group promotions Department via email. This is always a stressing situation when you are so close to seeing a show and hoping they answer your email quickly. That is exactly what happened; my email was answered the same day. I dealt with a wonderful representative from the Blue Man Group promotions Department named 'Lindy.' 'Lindy' ensured everything went smoothly. \n\nMy girlfriend and I were unsure of the seats we were provided until we arrived. We checked in with will call and were told 'You have fantastic seats.' We were given Category 'A' seats in the Mezzanine section row 'L' which is the 1st row. The seats below us were the poncho seats and I firmly believe our seats were much better. Our seats provided us with a perfect view of the stage, almost at eye level. If you are looking to save a few bucks please request these seats, THEY WERE AMAZING. \n\nPrior to the show starting the Blue Man Group drummers walked throughout the Casino floor and put on a spectacular spectacle of instrumental harmony combined with a visual display that is a must see. This preshow got you in the mood and ready for the Big show.\n\nThe actual Blue Man Group show itself was AMAZING. I got to see the old show at the Luxor and this version really kicks the others version in the buttocks. The Blue Man Group came out firing, with display of art, music, mind provoking stage displays to a pure comedy act all without saying a word. The show had my girlfriend and me laughing out loud and others in the audience couldn't stop laughing. \n\nThe show was a spin on the utter disconnect of society and social interaction with the age of the internet, IPhones and powerful the human brain is if you just use it. \n\nDuring the show the Blue Men leave the stage and walk around the audience and look for people to pull onto the stage to assist them with their show. The Blue Men came right up the ledge we were seated at and stared right at my girlfriend for a good 30 seconds. I mean they were literally 2-3 feet away all peering over the ledge at her. I was laughing, I could not contain myself. We were displayed on the jumbo screen inside the arena, it was awesome. I do believe the only reason my girlfriend wasn't pulled on stage because she is a very outgoing person, she waived at them, smiled and laughed and I do think they were looking for more a shy individual that would take anything away from the show which is totally understandable. They ended up selecting someone who seemed to be a little more reserved. It was pretty funny what they did with this individual, I do not want to be the spoiler for those who have not seen the show. \n\nThe show from the start to the end was full steam ahead. The music and drum beats were loud but it never seemed too loud, you could literally feel the sound waves travel through your body. I would have to say my favorite part of the show was 'The smoke rings' again I will not be Mr. Spoiler and ruin it for anyone who has not got the privilege in seeing the Blue Man Group in person. \n\nAt the end of the show as stated in the advertisement for the Blue Man Group is now with balls and let me tell you they finish the show with a bang. \n\nI have seen quite a bit of shows in Las Vegas and without question the Blue Man Group is my favorite. \n\nIf you are debating on what show to see when you come to Las Vegas stop the search and come here, they put on a great show, the seats are super comfortable, the temperature inside the arena is perfect and you will not be disappointed one bit. \n\nI look at seeing shows in Las Vegas as saving money; you will buzz through the price of admission at a Slot Machine in 10 minutes and leave with nothing. At least with the Blue Man Group you will leave with a memory that will last a lifetime. \n\nIf you happen to be in Las Vegas the last Sunday of a month, a secret squirrel told me that the Blue Men and their backup band perform at the Double-Down Saloon without the 'Blue' paint. This is something I have yet to see but chances are high that I will be checking this out.