When I left this place I wasn't sure if I liked the end result but after a couple of days of being able to run my fingers through my super soft and manageable curls, I was in love.\n\nI found this place online after searching for \"where black girls get their hair done in Montreal.\" I've always been skeptical about getting my hair done. I've had some bad experiences with people who didn't know what do to with my hair texture - I've had people tell me about my \"white girl curly perm,\" I've had mixed girls tell me how experienced they are with my texture then proceed to rip out chunks as they attempted to blow dry it, I've had salons weigh my hair down with a ton of grease, and I have stylists color my hair to the point where it fried and literally broke off in chunks. Terrible. I was apprehensive about this place too having never been to a natural hair salon (in fact, I almost cancelled my appointment the day before) but I desperately needed a hair cut and was intrigued by the idea of getting a \"curly cut\" that would make it easier for me to wear my hair natural. \n\nGoing in, I thought my hair was pretty healthy and resilient. The stylist I got showed me otherwise but gave me great advice on what I need to start doing to get my hair back into great shape. The things she did while styling my hair I thought were a bit counter intuitive (like shaking my hair vigorously after it was washed to separate my curls - I always style my hair with a product that holds my curls together to prevent fuzzing) but in the end, my curls were soft, individualized, not frizzy and I could actually run my fingers through it and that never happens.\n\nAs I said in the beginning, I wasn't sold when I left the salon, however. I wasn't used to seeing my hair so... well behaved. I'm used to a bit of frizz and a lot of puff. Other people told me it looked great and I eventually fell in love with how it moved. A fews later, after a bit of natural fuzziness from sleeping on it and a bit of teasing, I found my sweet spot. The curls were still defined, they were still super soft, and the cut was adorable. I was extremely happy.\n\nA few days later, I washed it and straightened it out for a work event. It was terribly uneven (for the record, I was warned that it would be since it was cut for my curls some of which have a looser curl pattern than others) but it was manageable. It was like I had dramatic layers, which I was fine with.\n\nMonths later, I'm still really happy with the shape and I still get complimented on it. Honestly, getting my hair cut here was one of the best hair decisions I've ever made. At some point, when life slows down, I'll go back to start a routine of protein treatments that were recommended. \n\nIf you're looking for a nice quality salon for natural curly hair, put your trust in inhairitance.