I have a lot of mixed feelings about this place. Truthfully, it deserves more of a 1 1\/2 star rating but I'm in a good mood tonight. I have gotten custard here many times over the years but every time I go back it's worse than the last time. Tonight was probably my last time going there. First and foremost, this place is in an absolute shithole of a neighborhood...stuck behind a run-down gas station that has their smelly dumpster right around the corner from where you stand and eat your custard...it's pretty gross.\n\nSecond are the homeless people, and WOW are there a lot of them milling about over there. You can't stand out in front of this place for 5 minutes without at LEAST four or five beggars asking you for money. One woman asked us for money not 10 seconds after we turned down another beggar and when we finished our custard, we walked around the corner and saw her sitting on the curb of the neighboring gas station talking on her cell phone with a big-gulp in her other hand. After the sun sets in the area, I half expect the crazies to come out of the sewers like in Escape from New York. Make no mistake about it, this place is located on the worst part of Las Vegas Blvd and nobody around there seems to care.\n\nNext, the have a really large menu of POSSIBLE flavors, but every time I go there, it's only five and they are typically all the standard, boring ones...vanilla, chocolate, rocky road, etc. It's such a let down as they claim they have all these others like Banana, Lemon, and so forth, and you never see them.\n\nLastly, their prices are a bit crazy. I got a small cup of Rocky Road (the most exotic flavor of the evening) and it was nearly $6. I'm sorry guys, this isn't a custard place inside the Bellagio, this is a custard stand in what seems like downtown Beirut. \n\nSo was the custard good...yeah, it wasn't bad, but we opted for just plain custard as their toppings looked like they just came out of a can and that's pretty uninspiring. If these guys were to move to a better location I'd like to stop by again, but not when I feel like the main course on the menu is the odor of a homeless meth-head who stinks so bad you can taste it.