Vdara, Vdara, Vdara. You were a'ight. \n\nAll the travel packages said that this place would suit me to a \"T\" but really, I wasn't that impressed overall. But, I paid the inexpensive rate so I wasn't too put out.\n\nThe first sign that I was in for an interesting experience was how the cab had to navigate to the hotel. I go to LV a lot, so I know about some of the crumb-bum taxi drivers that try to take you out of the way of where you're going to increase the fare. It just really took an 007 mission to actually get to the hotel. Taxi driver; I thank you for getting us there. \n\nThe hotel is nice; nothing too luxurious really. Our rooms all had the expected nice views; although I was impressed that my room had two TV's, one facing my bed and one for the little sitting area on the other side. Don't want to miss Jersey Shore O_o There's no gambling here, which suits me fine, but I think I missed the buzz of just having...other people around.\n\nHere's the GIANT ELEPHANT, HIPPO, BLUE WHALE that was in the room: This place is NOT friendly for those on foot. It LOOKS like it would be, but sadly, you and I would both be mistaken. From taking a tram, to walking through the small, un-busy and uninteresting mall to get to the Strip, this chick wasn't impressed. To meet other friends, we would have to add 20 minutes of travel time just to meet them on time. \n\nI didn't use the spa services because we had other stuff going on, so if other people's reviews are based on that, then I'll have to let them have it. I wouldn't go back unless it was free and Apollo-like gods carried me around on a palanquin from place to place, because giiirrrrrl I'm not WALKING in 4\" stilettos anywhere again! \n\nThe security also took themselves way too seriously too. It wasn't until the 3rd day (when they recognized me) that I didn't get nearly patted down before entering the elevator. Really, Vdara, you aren't that exclusive, lighten up. Have a brownie. Speaking of brownies, the coffee shop\/small grocer downstairs always had a line that took forever to go through. Why you ask? Because there isn't ish anywhere close by!\n\nThe highlight had to be the pool. I dug it. But you can't mess with sun, water, and an interesting view of the neighboring hotels, right? I laid out there every day and achieved a warm, sun-kissed glow that definitely made me look out of place when I came back home. That was (sadly) the best memory of the hotel.