Unicorns, glitter, and all things dazzling these fascinating things come in every pink box! Be careful how you open your own box of pink doughnuts!\n\nNow that I have your attention shall we begin. A fantastic concept that came from a friend was how the name came to fruition! God bless our friendships. Right! The foundations of \"what\" went in to make the product comes from a family that was dedicated to their customers and the company. Pink Box is family owned and ran, but the employees that do call this establishment their employer are the best and brightest! I cannot tell you how much fun it is to be a customer when the company's foundation was to deliver quality plus quantity to the guests at a fair price! Thanks Pink Box for being a leader and excellent so that you are the leader for how it should be done!\n\nAs you open the doors to Pink Box I am not sure what is more overwhelming; the donut smells or the mystical colors and shapes of their donuts. It is overwhelming the first couple of visits. Your asking yourself this is a donut shop! On the door it specified these were edible. The door opens right up to the register with the store employees that are smiling pretty ready to satisfy your cravings! The prices are the most reasonable that I have seen for some of their more elite class of donuts. \n\nLet's go back to the adornment that can be placed on a donut. If it has been an idea for a brilliant decoration on a donut it has been used here, plus some stuff that has never been thought of. Props to the pastry and decorating departments. Your skills are as raw and mad as the hatter from Alice in Wonderland! FYI: this is a compliment for those of you just tuning in! Don't want to leave anyone behind?! Carrying on, this is a VEGAS STRONG company! With that being said they participate in the local community and have no issues celebrating local holidays and gatherings that are important to the Las Vegas and Henderson metro areas. Let's get an example please; the LGBT community just celebrated Pride Week last week! The staff of Pink Box decorated donuts special just for Pride Week. These donuts had the rainbow on one with glitter! A few others had Pride written in rainbow lettering! This is just an example of the excellence that can be applied to a donut! \n\nOn top of the creativity that goes into making the donuts the associates that call this place of business work are so talented and super friendly! They company loves their employees and vice versa. The lobby of the restaurant has seating for those not on the go. Most take them to go! In their lobby their is three large tables with seating for a few. For the littlest of their guests they provide even more fancy and elaborate seating just for these special tots in our family! It's nice of the company to provide fun and stylish seating to the little ones of the family, it makes them feel special too! You know mom and dad appreciate it! Trust, right parents and grandparents! \n\nShall we recap: Pink Box is our local VEGAS STRONG donut maker that fills their donuts with love and happiness, one bite and you will continue to spread that joy to all that you touch! Wow, these are so amazing donuts. Yes, one bite and your hooked for life. The company is an elite among the excellence that it provides to its employees, customers, and its brand. The creations that come from behind the glass that they put in a bag or box are delicious concoctions of fantasy. Now that you know where to come for the best donuts in the southwest what are you waiting for. I know, your invitation! Your presence is requested at the fabulous Pink Box: come and let your taste buds escape reality and play in wonderland!