Disgusting, Expensive Non Authentic Mexican Food.\n\nYelpers you failed me here. I purchased the yelp deal $15 for $10 prior to arriving here based on stellar reviews. \n\nDisgusting- all the meats sit in their grease in chaffing dishes under heat lamps u build your own entree, all toppings are also sitting in chaffing dishes they are served buffet subway style. They consist of lettuce onions, cilantro, cheese, guacamole, and salsas. I did not order their nachos or carne asada fries but noticed they use nacho cheese for these entrees; this practice is totally americanized disgusting, nachos should be made with real cheese. \n\nExpensive- I ordered the carne asada torta sandwich 8.95 with beer $4. And my wife ordered the carne asada quesadilla $9.95 plus $1.50 add quacamole and 2 tiny tacos al pastor $2.50 ea. and corona $4. Total bill 35$ so much for affordable. I understand vegas prices are inflated but for a hole in the sewer mexican restaurant this is unwarranted. I would not mind the price if the food was good quality.\n\nQuality- my wife's quesadilla was big lots of cheese with a small amount of meat. The cheese was not completely melted they made it in a hurry not sure why they were rushing since there was no line at the time. The meat was fatty and greasy from soaking in the chaffing dish. She took a few bites and could not finish it. Just too greasy. The tacos were small no complaints about meat says they were good not the bomb. I had torta they toasted the bun added a slather of beans a slather of guacamole lettuce onions and asked me if I wanted mild or hot salsa. Im mexican I need it Hot yo! I went to take my first bite and noticed the bolillo was soggy it had already soaked up all the grease from the meat. Their picante salsa was bland I could not taste A hint of heat from it non authentic like it was served from a jar.\n\nAmbiance- located in a strip mall on the strip like a small little ghetto inside the strip. It is dirty, you will dine outside with wobbily tables and hard chairs. Only feeling that was authentic was the ambiance felt like I was in TJ. Went out of my way to eat here never again. Eat at a nice restaurant share an entree with your partner will b the same price. Dont do it Yelpers!