Ok...let me preface this by saying I went during restaurant week and I know everything was a little crazy so I probably didn't get the full experience.  However, my thoughts about restaurant week are that if you can't deliver top quality during this week then don't participate.  If it annoys you to have shmucks like me that want cheaper meals, then don't participate.  Lastly, if you are going to require an upcharge to get the best items during restaurant week and plan on looking for ways to throw extra charges then DON'T PARTICIPATE!!!\n\nOk, now that I got that off my chest...\n\nThe appetizer balls of dough were awesome..don't know what they were and don't care.  They were clutch.  The salad bar was just okay in my opinion.  They had more items with salad in the name then ingredients to make a good salad.  Make sense?  For example...seafood salad, pasta salad, bean salad, etc.  All of those things are fine and dandy but we all refused to fill up on the carbs offered at the salad bar...we wanted to eat our body weight in the meat!!  I will say the cheese was awesome but I wasn't sad that I missed the cold gigantic asparagus and chilled broccoli.\n\nThe Meat:\n\nSo, because I didn't pay the extra 10 bucks, I got screwed out of some of the best looking meat  but I will tell you the good and bad from what I did get to try...\n\n--The sausage--skin was tough so it was very hard to bite through it\n--The parmesan crusted pork tenderloin--tasty, pretty good\n---Flank stank--chewy, fatty, salty, puke\n---Bacon-wrapped chicken breast---SHOW STOPPER.  My favorite!!!\n--Top Sirloin---excellent\n--Lamb--Gamey\n\nOh, what about the swordfish you may ask??  Um, I don't know because I never got any.  It was supposed to be in rotation but never made its way during our 2 hour stay.\n\nI tried the drink special which was a Sangria and unfortunately it tasted like pineapple juice.  When the server noticed that I wasn't drinking it he informed me that the drinks on special tend to not be as good because they are on special.  Once again...Don't participate.\n\nNot trying to sound like a beggar and a chooser but things just didn't go my way at Chima and I like to pout about it.\n\nThe service was decent when we actually saw our waiter but again I know this all had a lot to do with restaurant week.  Next time I would love to try the full menu because I think my experience would have been much better and hopefully not as chaotic.  I'm not saying I won't go back and I am not saying you shouldn't try them...I am warning you that restaurant week may not be the best time to go.