I know, I know, being a bit harsh if you like them. Unfortunately for me,  I am not crazy into airplanes like some people forgive me.  I was hoping their food would outshine the environment all together.  It is also unfortunate for them that both my boyfriend and myself cook and normally make our food 110% amazing every time (not to brag) when we put our all into it.  With that being said,  We are Huge foodie critics  and don't try to be hard on others it just happens when you cook and bake as much as us.  Sorry, our apologies.  We waited for at least a solid 30-60 minutes for a table standing in the wind, listening to annoying teenagers scream and be stupid like they always are( just being honest), having obnoxious children bump into you and scream and cry all over and not being watched by their parents, oh and my absolute favorite the people who have no sense of personal space.  If you have not caught onto my sarcasm I feel extremely sorry for you.  :)\n\nAs we finally got called to our table I chose oh so wrong on place to sit, I wish I would have been thinking more clearly that sitting with my back to the entry was the worst decision I had made for the beginning of my day.  Why? because I had a grandma and her two grandchildren bump into me as I attempted to drink my water in peace, so I had to constantly lean in towards my boyfriend looking at me all strange because he knows how much I Love people i don't know bumping me and getting that close.  We order our food and comes out maybe in 15-20 minutes,  My boyfriend ordered a burrito with hash browns on the side with some amazing salsa(the only thing that tasted absolutely amazing to me)  that had a hair in the hash browns and right under the salsa cup. LOVELY! -(only caps word ill use since I am getting heavily annoyed with reviewers typing LIKE this within EVERY other WORD)\n\nMy chicken fried steak was nothing amazing to me only because I have a horrid habit of making it almost every weekend. Like I said Horrid habit!  Then the over easy eggs is another mistake I made because I always forget how I make my version of over easy is not the same as restaurant over easy which means extra runny egg whites and yolks. I love the yolks part but cant get over how runny egg whites tend to be every time I make that silly mistake.\n\nOh well, Another breakfast place checked off my list and on to the next one!\n\n**FREEDOM OF SPEECH Is the 1st amendment. Please look it up. I have the right to my opinion just like everyone else. Don't harass me just because I wasn't blown away people. Geezus.