I have been wanting eyelash extensions for awhile now. I was given a groupon voucher for this place from a friend for my birthday. I scheduled an appointment to get lashes put on and was able to come in the same day. I was greeted by gal and quickly taken into this dim low lighting area where everyone sits next to each other. The chairs were very closely placed and I felt no privacy what so ever. I felt very uncomfortable knowing my purse was laying next to many other people that can walk away with it while my eyes were closed. I wanted to walk out already at that point but decided to wait it out. \n\nShe took me to a chair and told me to lay down. I don't even know her name because she failed to introduce herself. She didn't ask me what's my name either which I thought was rude. She didn't bother asking me what length I wanted or explained to me my options. So laid me down and asked me to close my eyes. I didn't know what to expect and was waiting for her to ask me what type of look I wanted. I thought that she'll be asking me with my eyes closed so that I can relax since the chair was comfortable. She did offer me some wine which I turned down. I was there to get lashes put on, not to get drunk. Again, where's my consultation? Let's get it out of the way so I can feel at ease knowing the final outcome. Nope! I never got one. \n\nShe started on my eyes without asking me one single question regarding my likes\/dislikes. After I felt her applying the lashes, I asked a her if she started already. Her response was \" yes, and you'll love them when I finish.\" Wth?! How do you know I'll like them if you didn't ask me what I like? But okey... I didn't have much of a choice since she already started on them. I was praying with my eyes closed hoping they'll turn out nice. After 3 hours of pulling, tugging, and yanking, she told me to open my eyes. It burned so bad that I couldn't open them. Tears kept running and my eyes were burning. It took about 15 more minutes for me to be able to open my eyes. When the burning went away, I realized I still couldn't open my eyes. They were glued stuck to my bottom lashes. She kept telling me to open my eyes and that she needed me to get off the chair since her next client was there. She said if it still burns then I can go up front  and sit in the waiting area to wait for it to go away. I told her that my eyes are glued shut and I can't open them. She said sorry but the lighting there is really poor due to the lounge look which caused her to not be able to see well. She said she probably accidentally glued some of my lashes to my bottom lashes. She took a pair of scissors and snipped away.  A lot of my bottom lashes were cut off. I asked for a mirror to see how they turned out. She pointed to the ladies room and told me to check in there. She said she can't waste any more time on me since her client is waiting. She basically brushed me off and told me to get off her chair. That was really uncalled for!\n\nI was overly upset and didn't want to use the ladies room to look at my lashes. I went upfront to pay and asked to talk to the manager regarding the service I was provided. The guy up front told me that he was the manager and there's nothing he can do since the girls are on commission, they can pretty much make their own rules. He said since I'm paying with groupon, they don't make any money so the amount of time that they spent on my lashes was more than what I paid for.  I wasn't expecting such a rude response from management. I was speechless and walked away. \n\nThe first thing I did when I went to the car was look at my lashes. Oh my god! I was terrified!! They were super long. Hooker long to be exact! Not only that but I noticed my lashes were glued together in chunks. I felt like going back in to scream at them for ruining my lashes and cutting half of my bottom lashes off. But I knew the response I was going to get from the manager since he told me earlier nothing he can do. Why bother...\n\nI quickly made an appointment with Cherry lash lounge to redo my lashes. I have an appointment to come in tomorrow to get them fixed. Hopefully this time will be a better experience and that they'll be able to fix my lashes. I'll update my experience with cherry once I go in. Wish me luck!