My wife and I checked into Treasure Island December 24th. We spoke at length with the front desk at check-in, deciding on such things as king size bed how to use the vouchers.  with the reps suggestions we decided on three room keys. He explained  the facilities, how one pass for both of us for the fitness center and all seems well. We used the buffet that evening, we charged meals to our room, we called the front desk for several requests such as linens and towels, all normal things. On Sunday evening my wifes door key card did not work. The hotel decided that my wife's name was not included in our room. They denied her access which included her blood pressure medicine and inhaler puff, both critical. She had all her personal belongings, clothing Etc in the room. Unfortunately my phone was dead although Noone from the hotel ever tried to call me. Apparently with all rooms full on the strip she was forced to get a room fairly far away from Treasure Island. This caused a huge amount of suffering. I was actually in the room when security told my wife the room was empty. I woke up at 5 a.m. to find her not next to me, this was not normal. I proceeded to the front desk which did not have any information of the incident. I could not reach my wife. I later found out she turned her phone off since it was getting low and she needed to save it for the morning (her charger was also in our room).  I search all around the hotel frantic for over an hour. I finally heard from her later and could not believe what happened. When I attempted to speak with the manager they said they could do nothing for me and that the conversation was finished. I can only imagine that because I booked the trip with Expedia and my wife traveled from a different location that this terrible event occurred . We are 50 and 51 Years old. My heart is heavy . It still doesn't make sense to me. This literally may lead to a divorce. 2 days later and I'm still in shock with my wife not talking to me. I think I have real damages.