The 50's Diner serves more than good food. This family owned restaurant in a strip mall at the northeast corner of Desert Inn and Pecos Road where ironically McDonald's is a landmark serves as time machine that delivers people back to the rock around the 50's. As soon as you step inside the 50's Diner you are transported back to a decade where Elvis Presley was the king of the airwaves, The Honeymooners were on the air, Fremont Street was a shopping destination and Thunderbirds cruised along Durango Drive. Oops! Durango Drive was built about thirty years later.\n\n   This looks exactly like a 50's diner. The color scheme is pink and red. The pink dominates the walls, counter, and gumball machine. Hanging on the pink walls are 50's memorbelia. The red dominates the booths and chairs. Complimenting the 50's atmosphere is a jukebox that plays the rocking oldies.\n\n   The 50's Diner is more than 50% breakfast. Breakfast is a major part of its business. It is actually called Omelet House 50's Diner. Years ago, but not as far back as the 50's, it was owned by the people that own the local breakfast favorite Omelet House. The Omelet House influence permeates the menu. Nearly every entrée includes the choice of spuds. There is nearly a whole menu page dedicated to omelets. I counted 34. There is a horizontal menu section featuring breakfast specials that start off at $4.49 on weekends and $5.49 on weekends. Two of my three visits back to the 50's, I'd have breakfast.\n\n   On my first visit, I ordered the $4.49 two eggs special. The plate featured two scrambled eggs, two slices of bacon, spuds, & toast. The food was good for the money. When it comes to scrambled eggs, in my book Coo Coo's Cafe in downtown Henderson is currently the champion.\n\n  Visit two I ordered the egg salad sandwich with spuds. It was served on toasted bread with a tomato. It was a good sandwich. When it comes to egg salad sandwiches, in my opinion, Bagel Cafe is the current king. Both times the coffee was Starbuck's competitive and often topped off.\n\n  On visit three, I tried their cheeseburger. It seems that 50's Diner extended their hours from closing at 3 to 9. There are dinner choices on the menu. It was during brunch hours that I ordered the cheeseburger that came with fries and costed $6.79 before the Coke. I didn't have to order French fries. I could of asked for soup, spuds, or salad. If Fonzie of the 50's themed \"Happy Days\" was eating this burger in Arnold's, I am confident he'd give it a thumbs up. It wasn't gimmicky. Just delicious. This is one of the juiciest cheeseburgers that I have had in recent times. The 6 ounce medium done cheeseburger was covered with thick melting American cheese. A delicious touch of tomatoes, onions, and lettuce caused me to enjoy every bite to the sounds of the oldies.\n\n   50's Diner might be the dining experience of the future for Las Vegas. In the northeast, especially metropolitan New York City, diners are extremely popular. They are usually family owned restaurants that are open long hours and serve people a large variety of items throughout the day. They are similar to cafes but usually by themselves. Regardless, the 50's Diner will most likely be visited again in my future. They serve good food at reasonable prices in a restaurant thats bring me back to the 50's oldies when my parents were teenagers, Ed Sullivan was popular , and Thunderbirds cruised Las Vegas Boulevard in the shadow of the Sands, Frontier, and Riviera.