This place is what happens when God makes a steak house!!!  Seriously, It's restaurants like these that keep me from turning vegetarian.  I went here as part of my boys bachelor party.  Let me start with the dinning environment:  Very clean with a slight industrial feel.  The swivel chairs were a very nice change from the clunky wooden chairs you see in most places.  It also helps to get my fat ass in and out of the table a lot easier.  Trust me.... after this meal.. you kinda wanna roll back to your room for a cigarette.\n\nAppetizers:  Bone Marrow Flan, Kobe Sashimi, and Maple Glazed Pork Belly. \n ALL ON POINT~!!!  The bone marrow flan was so rich and buttery.  It literally makes your eyes roll back as you take a bite of it off the small crestini.  The Kobe sashimi was fresh and light.  The beef was velvety dressed with only a little olive oil and capers.  This is a must try.  And then came the maple glazed pork belly.  Sweet.... savory... rich... flavorful.... wow....\n\nSides:  Creamed Spinach and roasted potatoes.   \nLet me preface by saying... I am not a fan of creamed spinach in any variation.  So to me, this dish was bound for failure.  The spinach was topped with a fried egg that was mixed in table-side and served to us.  The rest of my table loved it.  I was not a big fan.  No slight to the chef... just personal preference.  It was good, but not my cup of tea.  The potatoes however were great!  Roasted simply with some onions and garlic.  Sometimes good technique and simplicity just win out.  And this side was a prime example of that.\n\nMain: American Wagyu New York Steak\nIf you go to a restaurant like this, you dont order the chicken.  You shell out the money and get the best that they offer.  The American wagyu choices were organic beef from Idaho, I believe.  The moment my knife touched the soft medium rare beef, I was sure that my knife and fork were the luckiest utensils in the world.  They were the first to make love to that meat.  I have never in my life tasted beef of this magnitude.  The flavor was so unique and undoubtedly unforgettable.  The beef melted in my mouth as I could not believe something that was only rubbed in salt and pepper, had this much flavor.  Like I said before, If you come here.  Go for the American Wagyu.  Pricey?  yes.  Absolutely worth it?  Hell F***ING YES~!!!\n\nWine:  Malbec.\nRan the decision by the sommelier and she said that was a great choice.  Great wine with the meal.  Soft flavors, smooth finish, not too much bite.  The wine was a hit with the table.  But at this point.... everything was a hit from this place.  \n\nCongrats Alex!  Hope you enjoyed your last meal~!!!