Thanks again yelp and yelpers with helping me to discover yet another obscure but amazing find Cop Out Pierogies!  I had just received my weekly email about places around the burg focused on Dumplings, particularly pierogies.  Growing up in and around the burg it is just about inconceivable that you didn't eat these plump pillows of carbs at least on a few occasions.  I always preferred the homemade to Mrs. T though she drives a hard bargain since honestly pierogies may not be the most complicated thing to make; they are certainly very laborious and somewhat complicated to get perfect.  When I say perfect I mean the taste and texture as no two homemade dumplings look alike.\n\nCop Out Pierogies can be found on Butler St in Etna which was very close to my work though I didn't know of its existence until the email arrived in my inbox.  I spoke to a couple of co-workers that week and decided that Friday we were going to get some takeout.  There are a couple things to keep in mind before heading to Cop Out Pierogies.  They are only open on Friday and Saturday for a few hours.  They are also cash only, so hit the ATM before you set out to get your fix.  Lastly, and perhaps this is a personal problem, I found it a little tricky to find them.  Etna is about as small as you can get but if you don't go there often you may pass it up once or twice before finding it.\n\nI and my co-workers all ordered the same pierogies the potato\/cheese\/and jalapeno.  For a dozen they give you 14, not too shabby!  I also got a pint of Haluski.  The price for the pierogies does increase if you have them cook them for you.  I got the understanding quickly that most people buy them frozen in large bags.  When I arrived to pick up our food, I was greeted with a line of others waiting.  I didn't have to wait too long, but as I did the cook\/owner brought out a couple samples of a sweet potato pierogies for the patrons waiting or eating in the small dining area they have set up.  Nice touch to ease the pain of my empty stomach suffering even more from the wonderful smell coming from the kitchen.  So they call this joint Cop Out and as I read online the owner\/cook was a sergeant with the Shaler Township Police Department.  The décor was cute, some toy cop cars, lots of pics of the burg, some newspaper write ups that I could only imagine was of the store but I didn't get close enough to read them.  To complete this atmosphere was five on duty police officers enjoying lunch in the dining area.  \n\nOnce waited on the food came out pretty quick, paid gave my thanks and off I went back to the office to enjoy my Polish lunch, and enjoy I did!  The pierogies were sautéed perfectly cooked with the creamiest smoothest texture encased inside the dumpling.  The spice from the jalapeno was nice and noticeable but definitely not overpowering.  They were in short delicious.  I could only finish half and took the rest home for dinner.  The Haluski was also very good but the pierogies stole the show for me.  Great stop if you find yourself in the area!