Take note...this is probably the most honest (and longest) review of New Results Medical Weight Loss that you will read.\n\nFirst, spoiler alert: New Results does not have any magic \"NR-3\" pill or magic plan to make you lose weight. They don't have a patented \"latest weight loss\" trick and they don't have their own brand of protein bars and shakes. Their medicine and supplements have been used for dieting for 40 years. You don't see a doctor every visit, but not sure you'd want to pay for that anyway. The first visit with Brett and the weight loss team comes across as a well practiced monologue and includes a 20 minute instructional video. They talk about everything you'd expect...the really hard first days where you lose a bunch of [water] weight fast, then the longer phase 2 with slower but still real loss, and then the transition period. Kind of like every major diet book out there (see? nothing new). Brett is totally a friendly, maybe salesmany personality and gives you a great \"Go get 'em!\" speech to pump you up, gives you your appetite suppressants, supplements, and meal plan and sends you on your way. The only thing missing was the \"this is a pound of muscle\/this is a pound of fat\" demonstration. You could almost buy a $10 book for the same info.\n\nAnd I'm still giving it 5 stars. Why? Because Brett really does seem to care. He's passionate about this topic, and it bleeds over into his staff who are fantastic. They are honestly the most encouraging group of weight support people I have ever met (and I've met a few). And cost? How about way less than all the ones you hear on the radio. Call around and check...you'll see what I mean.\n\nHere's the deal. I know how I lose weight...I've successfully done it in the past, on my own, without any expensive doctor visits. I've counted calories, counted points, analyzed different foods, gone caveman, low fat, high fat, tracked food and weight religiously, and seen the pounds slip off over time. I've done enough fad diets that I feel I have a pretty good understanding of calorie deficits, how my body burns, etc. \n\nNevertheless, I found myself now 60-70lbs overweight and the heaviest I've been in my entire life. I was borderline depressed about it and just couldn't motivate myself to get back into the pound per week habit over 8-12 months. I would get 2 days back into it and give up because it just seemed sooo looog till I'd hit my goal. I honestly felt like I had one more try in me and wanted to get it right.\n\nThis is why you go to New Results. If it's your first time trying to lose weight then they will provide tons of good education. Eye-opening education. But lets face it...most of us who are trying to lose are familiar with the drill. What I lack, what we lack, is motivation to get over the hump. \n\nWhen you go to New Results, you are not buying a magic pill or special home delivery meal plan. You are buying a weight loss education and ideology that includes great coaching, accountability, and a few little tools that help smooth out the experience. This is where Brett and his staff shine. You walk in and his staff actually greets you with a smile...it's like they are genuinely happy to see you. Brett's the first to tell you that their low sugar, low carb nutrition plan is nothing new. But he does explain why it's a really great option for fast, true, healthy weight loss and helps you understand how to do it. You get tools to make it more comfortable. You get coaching and encouragement. You get motivation to not eat that free cake and ice cream at work today because you have a weigh in coming up.\n\nNo, you don't see a doctor much. But you are initially seen by a real medical doctor who is accountable for making sure it's safe for you to use the medicine, checking your heart condition, writing you the prescription, and determining how you respond to it. I have to assume that unless he wants sued he's monitoring things behind the scenes and not just writing blank checks...er, prescriptions.\n\nIs the price a steal? No. But it's not robbery either. Like I said...call around. I found it way cheaper than every other place out there with the almost identical plan. And you are getting a doctor monitored weight loss plan.\n\nBottom line: The speals at first seem a little rehearsed and the whole first visit seems pretty choreographed. The medicine and techniques are nothing new. BUT...the medicine and techniques work. The staff is crazy friendly, encouraging, supportive and helpful and it sets them apart. If you follow their plan, you WILL lose weight faster than anything other than bariatric surgery. But furthermore, you will understand WHY you are losing weight and what lifestyle changes are needed to keep that skinny body. They put it in your hands, but they also give you all the tools you need to succeed. Now it's up to you...is it time? Then go visit New Results.