A friend recommended we visit Tempest after visiting here with his co-workers. He just raved about it, so he and his fiance and I and my husband decided to try it out last Friday. \n\nThe ambiance is wonderful and our waiter was nice at first. The drinks we had were superb and most of the seafood was beyond compare in Madison. However there were a few glaring mistakes that we just couldn't ignore, so I doubt that we will ever return to Tempest. \n\n1 - I ordered the mussels as an appetizer and a few of them were still raw in the shells. Unfortunately I didn't find that out until I had already bit into one of them. The taste was so disgusting that I will be off mussels for awhile in general. Especially disappointing as there are several restaurants in Madison that do mussels well; I thought that a restaurant that touts its seafood would at least be able to cook them. I guess not. I didn't mention anything to the waiter; I hated to complain in front of the people my husband and I were with because they had talked up this restaurant so much. \n\n2. My friend ordered a steak medium-well and it was served well-done. She sent it back and it arrived again medium-rare but by then she had cut into it and didn't want it to dry out if they \"put it back on the grill\" as the (uneducated) waiter had suggested. Pretty disappointing for a $30 steak, which, I might add, came with a size of mediocre fries and nothing else - no vegetables, no nothing. \n\n3. Once my friend sent the steak back, the waiter had had it with us. He was nice up until then and the restaurant was not all that busy, but his attitude completely changed after she sent the steak back - which she was nice about and acknowledged that it was not the waiter's fault - but for some reason he took it personal. He had to be asked three times to bring her a drink, which he eventually brought at the end of the meal, when she no longer wanted it. \n\nI'm really sad to report this about Tempest because the food was good - the Oysters Rockefeller were the second only to Louisianne's as far as oysters in Madison go. The fruits-de-mer were so amazing that we ordered a second plate. The ambiance was wonderful and my drink was super tasty. But for a high-priced meal, Tempest failed for reasons 1-2-3. In any other situation, I would have asked for a manager but again, I didn't want to offend the other couple we were with who had been talking up the restaurant for a couple weeks. I'm not sure what happened to Tempest in the couple weeks between their great experience and our terrible one, but we will not be giving it another chance.