India Market has been located in this plaza for almost 10 years now. My family has been shopping it since I was a small boy. There's definitely been a lot of expansion and change to the entire store and its customers. It has evolved from selling products only Indians would purchase to products that attract a lot of local Ethiopians as well. What started as a small Indian store ran by a husband and wife has since expanded into the neighboring spaces in the mall. The demand has definitely soared over the years, especially since it is the oldest Indian market in Las Vegas... fyi there's only 1 other major one in Vegas.\n\nThe store itself is located in the back end of a rather aging strip mall on Maryland Parkway and Tropicana near the UNLV Campus. The physical facility definitely shows its age, a large canopy sign with black font reading \"India Market\" covers the top of the entrance. As you enter the store the first thing that greets you is the end of the checkout counter. The store is decently size, ~1000 - 1250 sq ft. However it is immensely packed with gondolas stuffed with product, only 3-4 ft of space between each aisle. I can say with confidence they probably don't pass ADA requirements. The densely packed store is filled with many different cuisines from the heart of India; they sell lots of products, produce, and groceries from many different regionals of India. I know when I'm running an errand for Indian groceries; India Market always seems to carry what I'm looking for. \n\nIndia Market is definitely home to many staple ingredients, and foods of Indian Cuisine. They have everything any anything from turmeric powder, basmati rice, lentils, and spices all straight from India. What's also great about India Market is there wide selection of Indian beverages and brands straight from India. They carry it all, from mango juice, litchi juice, aloe vera juice, and imported sodas such as limca and thumbs up. If that doesn't take the cake, they also carry freshly made Ethiopian bread! India market really does do a great job bringing in all varieties of ethnically diverse foods from India and Ethiopia! To put it in to a percentage, India market probably carries ~80% ethnic\/specialty foods versus your typical American foods. Of course the other 20% consists of regular American soda, and groceries such as lettuce, onions, peppers, etc.\n\nThe Organization, arrangement, sanitation, and merchandising are completely different that what you would expect at an American grocery store. Since the shop is run like a mom and pop, it's definitely nothing hear the corporate American model. As I mentioned earlier the store is decently sized for being located in a strip mall, however it is packed like a maze with gondolas and freezers linking the floors. The store is clean and bearable, it's by no means filthy or dirty but then again it doesn't come close to a traditional American grocery store. Likewise, there's very minimal merchandising, the store is sectioned by small hanging signs, but there's no order to the madness, if it's a spice section be prepared to find turmeric powder next to cumin seeds.\n\nIn a nutshell, go into this place with expectations of a mom and pop shop oriented towards Indian's and you'll definitely get the experience. This place is PACKED with different India products... sometimes it feels like they imported the entire store from India.