Please kill whoever staffed this place. \n\nI've lived in Scottsdale, so I'm no stranger to the scrutinizing of kicks by chubby short dudes in cheap suits. However, that doesn't mean I'm not tired of it. \n\nMy shoes were fine to get into the club actually - I was wearing worn out Monkey Boots from 1990. I was handsome and dressed pretty sharp and stylish. My presence could only improve the ambiance of this joint. One of the guys I was with had some nice plain white leather tennis shoes on that probably cost 3x as much as mine did when I bought them. He was denied entry. This means we were all denied entry.\n\nAlso, the fact that they allow people in who wear bedazzled t-shirts and who have never heard of toothpaste or deodorant makes my head spin. \n\nThe main problem I had with this place was with the bouncers who wouldn't let us in to look around... We were guests of the hotel and we couldn't get in. The first time we tried, one of us had the wrong shoes on... we went on with our night and had a good time and spent our money elsewhere. \n\nLater that evening, two of us wearing the right type of shoe tried to get in... it was the end of their night and there was no line and people were filing out, but things were still going on and they were still letting people in. We wandered up to the rope\/fence that had no obvious entry point and got ignored. Nobody was manning the station either. It was just a few poorly dressed bouncers standing around a podium chatting and ignoring us.\n\nMy friend waved at them and then stepped over a spot where the rope was touching the ground to go talk to them and ask if we could get in to check the place out. We even identified ourselves as hotel guests and flashed our keys. At that point, one of the bouncers got all serious about his job\/status and threatened to get physically violent with the both of us if we didn't leave the area. \n\nSeriously? That's how you treat guests of the hotel? We left without an eyeful of nightclub - we left with only an interesting topic of conversation for our elevator ride up to the room. \n\nIn the morning, after checkout, we wandered up to the front of the nightclub and asked a nice woman if we could take a peek inside. She gave us a quickie 2 minute tour of the first floor - the club looked like a weathered old cargo ship. Shit was held together with duct tape. To be fair, they were reupholstering parts of it - and to their credit, the layout of the place seemed somewhat interesting.\n\nOn an off-night, I'm sure a good time could be had here - in spite of the staff trying their best to thwart such a thing. I won't be visiting this club on any of my future visits, and I will be sure to let everyone know to avoid it. For a good time, head to the Chandelier bar just down the street.