This was my first choice for Valentine's Day dinner since we were staying at the Fairmont. I booked a table for two through OpenTable.com, but when I checked the restaurant website, it said they were closed on Sundays. So did the voice recording I got. Hmm. Sooooooo, I quickly cancelled the reservation in favor of BLT Steak. \n\nWe decided to check out Bourbon Steak another night, since every night seems to get you 1,000 points on OpenTable. Unfortunately we weren't super hungry and we'd already had steak, so it took us a long time to decide what to order.\n\nThis was complicated, though pleasantly so, by the arrival of the famous Michael Mina trio of duck fat fries, compliments of the restaurant. These little sticks of crispness were some of the best fries I've ever had. They were great on their own, but also came with a trio of sauces, including truffle aioli and a spicy ketchup. I hate cold fries when they get all soggy, but somehow these fries retained their uber-crispness even after they'd been at the table for a while.\n\nI had originally planned to try one of their burgers because I also wanted the fries, then I considered the foie gras sliders as my entree. Finally, we decided to share a rib-eye. Honestly, the menu seemed limited compared to BLT Steak's, which was probably a good thing.\n\nA small loaf of truffle oil-brushed focaccia appeared on our table shortly after we placed our order, but I had to request that the fries be left behind as the server whisked them away. The steak was quite good, and cooked medium-rare, as requested. It was served to us sliced, on the bone, since we were sharing. However, it was sliced purely by grain, not by cut, so one of us had more of the tender strip than the other. The side of squash that we'd ordered was nicely seasoned and a very large portion. All in all, I felt the food was good but not fantastic.\n\nEven though we were comfortably full and originally planned to decline dessert, we were swayed by the beignets with a choice of three different accompanying puddings. My boyfriend couldn't resist the butterscotch pudding with a topping of Macallan 18-year-old Scotch. These little beignets were good, but the pudding was amazingly creamy, and topped with a sigh-inducing Scotch caramel sauce.\n\nWe have a Michael Mina restaurant in San Jose, and I would definitely try it after eating at Bourbon Steak. The promise of duck fat fries and Scotch pudding are definite draws, but so are the specials offered on certain nights at Bourbon Steak. If the hamburger nights and 50% off wine nights are available at Arcadia, you'll find me there soon with a bigger appetite, perhaps trying the lobster pot pie or a spiked shake.\n\n3.5 stars