At the outset Maison June Rose sounds like a good deal but it quickly falls very, very flat. The advertised all-you-can-eat $20 Chinese-style menu turned out to be a bunch of absolutely TINY appetizer sized portions that are neither tasty nor Chinese. Sure, there's things that sound familiar at a 'Chinese' restaurant - some salt and pepper shrimp, some steamed broccoli - but its evident with the first bite that no effort has gone into creating any discernable flavour. Every dish was so unbelievably salty that I had to ask for 3 refills of water. And that's saying something coming from a guy with an unfazeable stomach.\n\nFurthermore, when my girlfriend and I tried every dish on the buffet menu we figured 'maybe the chefs actually try harder on the off-the-buffet menu.' We were mistaken. Not only did the Duck Rillettes taste like a salt lick, but it wasn't even edible. We kindly asked the waitress to take it away. After asking the owner why the dish we sent back was still on the bill (we sent it back), he vehemently refused to comp the $7 dish and said 'whatever I serve is good and people like it.' We did our best to kindly tell him the duck rillette was inexcusably bad, tasted nothing like food and only a condensed and salted preservative - and that we simply did not wish to pay for it. But the level of pomposity was too high to even have a conversation with the man.\nAnyway, I figured I would end the meal with one of those classic chinese desserts - sesame balls with bean paste (Another off-buffet-menu item, $5). The only way to describe it would be a frozen and microwave-reheated version of an almost un-fuck-up-able food. The preparation was so poor that the sesame ball couldn't support its own weight; in fact I was left asking \"why is it so hard to unstick from my teeth\"\" and \"what discount frozen section did they buy this from?\"\n\nThe owner SERIOUSLY needs to reconsider the buffet menu. If the buffet menu was a baseball player, it would be batting 0.154 - only the Sauteed Chinese Broccoli and the Braised Eggplant and Pork were good enough to warrant a second order. We didn't want to finish most of the buffet menu items (and we're talking VERY small sized plates). I can't tell you how heinous the duck rillette was; under no circumstances should that item be served to anyone without a severe congestion.\n\nTo be fair, the decoration and ambience is very beautiful at Maison June Rose. It would be a great bar for drinks, if you can stomach $16 cocktails (btw there's nothing special about them, only the price).\n\nIf you've had your tongue cut out recently, I'm sure you'll enjoy your dinner at June Rose!