To start, my bf and i were excited to move in here after seeing the updated look and price being decent. Key word being WERE. From the day we moved in, its been downhill. We were told we were moving into an updated apt when we signed papers and agreed to move in. Upon our arrival we were then told that our unit was in fact not an updated one. At this point we were already all packed up and and ready to unload the truck and in no position to turn away. We were offered a discount for the inconvenience. A big whopping $11. Again, we were in no position to say no. It was not worth it. \nAfter being here 2 years now (and only here that long because my bf lost his job right before we were ready to move so we couldn't afford it) we unfortunately had to renew the lease. This place is soo not what we thought. \nThe office staff are rude, and NEVER answer the phone. The landscapers have made right outside our window, and i mean literally right outside our window their little hangout. We can hear every conversation, and every phone call. Which then makes my dog bark. \nThe parking lot is way too crowded and is very hard to find a good spot.\nSomeone with a red car (they left a mark) hit my brand new car and didnt leave a note or anything. \nThe vinyl wood flooring is cheap and coming up so badly in the bathroom ive had to get rugs to cover the peelings.\nThe drains always seem to be clogged in the bathroom and kitchen that they start backing up into our dishwasher and its very disgusting. \nThe walls are paper thin and our upstairs neighbors seem to always be tap dancing and opening and closing windows and doors at all hours. \nIt gets pretty sketchy at night and search copters are a frequent thing. \nThe rent is constantly going up it seems and does not feel worth it at all.\nOne of the only good things is the location. Once you get past the heavy evening traffic, there are many good restaurants and metro mall is very close along with the I17. \nWe have gotten new management letters so im hoping it gets better.\n8 months left here, December could not come any faster.