About a decade and a half ago, this storefront was created and opened as ESPN Zone Las Vegas.\n\nThe grand opening was a star-studded event with various athletes and actors brought in for the event with live broadcasts on ESPN.\n\nI know because I was one of the ESPN hosts flown in to do my national radio show at this grand opening and stay the entire weekend.\n\nSo many good memories from that weekend, such as me inviting a gorgeous friend named Tanysia from LA to come hang out with us and convincing Trey Wingo that she was actually Carmen Electra. (He still thinks it was her to this day)\n\nJason Alexander of Seinfeld fame was out there too, promoting his big new sit-com on ABC. You probably don't remember it, because it was a complete disaster and was yanked off the network after a handful of episodes. \n\nWe had an awesome time, fantastic shows and fun stories such as my pal Dennis Haskins (Yes, everyone's favorite prinicipal) chasing my ESPN producer's friend from USC. I called her Dr. Lush, because she was a damn sexy dentist and she could throw back Red Bull and Vodka like a champ.\n\nUnfortunately, the ESPN Zones in every city died off a handful of years later including this one. \n\nFast forward to present day and Tom's Urban has completely made this location in NYNY their own with major renovations.\n\nHonestly, it is better than the original tenant. The ESPN Zone was too boxed in, too dark and the menu stunk. Besides, this was Vegas and because ESPN was owned by Disney, nobody could actually make a bet inside the ESPN Zone. They had to go to the sportsbook. Lame.\n\nTom's Urban really lightened up the place, created a significantly more comfortable atmosphere and knocked out a lot of walls, most notably the ones near the Brooklyn Bridge and Las Vegas Blvd. That is really a nice bar and patio now with great people watching and views of The Strip.\n\nYou can still easily watch sports on TV in here, but the place is so much more than that. Excellent draft beer selection, the menu has everything you would want in an American casual dining setting and the Beat the Clock weekday happy hour is also a nice touch.\n\nPut it to you this way: Tom's Urban is everything Beerhaus around the corner is not. If you're attending a hockey game or event at the arena, walk the extra 50+ yards (take the shortcut through the casino) and get a much better experience at Tom's Urban.