Just went there for dinner tonight. The service was very good. The server was very attentive. However, the food was hit and miss. My friend and I shared the calamari appetizer and it tender with a tangy tomato sauce. Was it the most memorable calamari I've ever had? No... but it wasn't bad either. It was decent\/acceptable. The entrees were a little strange. Both my friend and I ordered veal. He had the vitello marsala which was basically veal with a marsala sauce. The marsala sauce turned out to be a lot sweeter than we were expecting. I had the vitello francesco which was veal with mushrooms in a brandy cream sauce. It was decent. The veal was very tender and the sauce was flavorful. However, both entrees were paired with their pasta of the day which happened to be penne in a tangy tomato sauce topped with parmesan. The pasta itself was decent..  nothing spectacular.. something you could have ordered at one of the pasta places in the food court. However, pairing that tangy tomato with either a sweet marsala-sauced entree or a brandy cream-sauced entree was a very odd combination. I wish they could have served something else for the side pasta to make our dining experience more pleasant.. I could have enjoyed the simple pasta on its own or the veal in brandy sauce on its own, but definitely not both on the same plate. And I don't think I could have enjoyed the sweet marsala sauce as an entree no matter how it was presented.\n\nFor dessert, we had their tiramisu. That was very tasty!  Almost enough for me to give this place 3 stars. The tiramisu was very creamy with the right amount of alcohol. I'd definitely order the tiramisu again.\n\nI had high hopes for this place. I read rave reviews and I've had friends who been there and raved about this place. Perhaps we ordered the wrong dishes?!? This place is supposed to be famous for their pizza too. I think I'd be willing to go back to give their pizza a try... although I didn't see a wood oven there like at Pulcinellas... so I wonder what Sandro's pizza would be like. This isn't a bad place if you're looking for something closer to a home-cooked meal. The dishes are good value. However, it is a place to \"write home about\" either.