Followed a Dr. that I respect to this practice and I have to say I'm pretty impressed. As a long time multi-four-footed caregiver, I have seen more than my share of veterinary clinics and animal hospitals. I know the drill and have seen more than one vacation be sucked in to the great black hole of \"well of course I want  to have the best care\". \n\nThe first thing I noticed is that there is NO odor. It doesn't smell like there have been decades of animals paraded through the doors that feel the need to pee as soon as they enter the room... just in case this is their one last shot at leaving something behind. \n\nThen there is the overall feel of the place. The office I used to frequent always had a frenetic sort of feel to it. Files were lost, techs were running, the waiting room was packed with stressed out clients, etc. This office was peaceful. Whether is natural or contrived, I could care less. My dog picked up on it immediately and her normal \"OMG what are we doing HERE?!!\" behavior was replaced with something I've never witnessed in a vet office before. She was calm! \n\nIt's clean! Except for the area around me that was covered in the undercoat that Zoe was stress releasing, there were no traces of other animals. \n\nThe staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. I had a HUGE file that I was bringing in and they patiently sorted through the entire thing. While I was there for one of my pets, the receptionist offered to set all of them in my household up for me with \"Client Files\" so that I wouldn't have to be bothered in the future. I thought that was a wonderful, time-saving offer and in the event that I ever have to go with an emergency and am not able to focus on paperwork. \n\nFinally, I was in an examination room at the time of my appointment and waited less than 3 minutes for both the tech and the Dr. I was in an out under 1 hour and that my friends is superior service IMHO. \n\nI look forward to a long relationship with Palm Glen and will happily drive the 5 mile difference from my old vet, in order to ensure both my pets and I are treated well!