(AYCE BBQ Review)\n\nMake sure you don't stuff yourself silly and save some room for the fried rice towards the end of BBQ'ing your meats. I seriously save some of my grilled meat\/ kimchi\/ soybean spouts and wait to enjoy them with the fried rice. That is the best and only reason that makes honey pig a step above the rest of their competitors. The fried rice costs an extra $2.95 per person, but it's worth it! My boyfriend and I just ordered one portion and it was more than enough for the two of us to share.\n\nThis location offers exactly the same dining experience as the California locations. The service here is amazing (and that's saying a lot for this type of dining), the prices are competitive, the meats are a step above most AYCE Korean BBQ places and not to mention they are conveniently open 24 hours. \n\nWe did the AYCE dinner which is $25 per person. The only limitation we encountered - you can only order 1 order (1 rib) of kalbi (marinated short rib) per person. The kalbi meat was moist, slightly on the fatty side, but tasty and well marinated. \n\nIf all else fails, order the pork belly! We were extremely impressed with the quality of the pork belly here, I mean c'mon, this place is called honey pig; the pig is where it's at! It was super fresh, buttery, juicy and melt-in-your-mouth good; we had to get a second (& third) round. \n\nWe also tried the thinly sliced beef brisket (too plain and dry for my taste) and the spicy pork (seasoned well and tender) but my tastebuds wanted more grilled and glistening pork belly. It's soooo good. \n\nAll of the banchan offered were basic, nothing overly impressive, but they were solid additions to the meal. Also, the salad that comes with the meal is pretty standard. You can request rice or radish wraps if you want to enjoy them with your grilled meats as well. \n\nI can't say enough amazing things about the fried rice at the end, they add seasoned rice with bits of leafy greens onto the same hot grilling pan and fry it in the meat, pork belly and grilled kimchi juices. The best way to fry your rice is to let your rice sit on the pan for a few minutes, without moving it, letting it get super crispy and charred. If you're smart, you saved a supply of some grilled meat (preferably pork belly), grilled and charred kimchi and soybean sprouts and fry the rice all together with those goodies. Before you know it - your fried rice is ready to feast on and it was soooo worth the wait!