Sometimes you need a little karaoke...and sometimes you need a lot. It was that kind of Saturday.\n\nA couple of weeks ago I decided to put together a little karaoke event dubbed \"Whitney-oke.\"  I think you get it, you smart Yelper, you.  All Whitney Houston - all the time.  Usually, my crew heads to Duke's Station in Bethel Park (far, but ribs that make you wanna smack somebody, they're that good), but we decided to keep it local and head to Stinky's on Hatfield in L'ville for their weekly Saturday karaoke.  What this genius (me) didn't count on, was that when the Pens play, the karaoke machine doesn't.  Sad.  So, we headed to Nico's Recovery Room in Bloomfield - not my\/our favorite place AT ALL - but desperate times.  Unfortunately, as is usually the case with Nico's, there was nowhere to sit and the cloud of smoke was intoxicating. So, I turned to Yelp.  The first place to pop up in my search was Green Pepper, a little Korean joint in Squirrel Hill.  Having never been, I called to check on the karaoke details.  Darren (came to know his name later) answered the phone and explained that karaoke is free until 10pm, but after that would cost $1.25\/minute.  So, um - that took me a solid 5 minutes to understand. I think I asked him at least 4 times. Poor guy.  I'd blame booze, but I was stone sober at this point. I just didn't get it.  We decided it was worth it, especially given that there were 10+ people in our party.\n\nWe arrived to an absolutely empty restaurant and were VERY pleasantly surprised to discover a plush, leather couch-lined karaoke ROOM;  with a big tv, a nice, fancy microphone, internet access-based karaoke software and none of those strange kiddos from Nico's to judge our Whitney antics.  We set the clock and decided to spend one hour singin' our little Whitney hearts out (total $80).  It might seem like a lot to pay for karaoke, but the service was great and the camaraderie...well, that was priceless.  Can't wait to go back.  Britney-oke, anyone?