I went to the establishment for an oil change and declined the 30 point courtesy check to save time as I was trying make a dinner appointment. I asked when it would be done by and they said \"45 Minutes.\" I arrived at 6:30 pm as it is stated on my work order sheet and the work was promised for 7:00 pm. I waited and my car was not put on the lift until 7:30pm. I left for dinner across the street, came back at 8:00pm to speak to the mechanic and he mentions to me that he cannot release the vehicle because my left rear brakes was leaking brake fluid and it was deemed unsafe to drive. He states I have two options. I can either keep it over night and they can order the part to fix it on his premise or I call a tow truck to get it towed. He could not legally let me drive it out of the property in case I got into an accident. I had told two people in the front desk not to do ANYTHING besides the oil change and they did not follow through with that order. Then to tell me I cannot leave with my vehicle unless I pay out of my pocket to get it towed.\n\nFrom a $20 oil change to this whole commotion that lasted until 10:00pm. It is not right on principle and legal grounds that they held me hostage in their premise without being able to access my car on simply a judgement call that a mechanic made. I lived literally 2 minutes from the mechanic shop and told them I could drive it home because it was ridiculous for me to pay 60-70 dollars to have it towed but they would not cooperate with me. I have been driving the car with no problem on my breaks. I think as a car owner if I had any problems with my breaks I would gladly go fix it because breaks are a safety issue I was treated unfairly by 3 individuals who decided to team up and take advantage of a customer who does not know much about fixing a car. I called the police but they said they could not show up until midnight because it was not an emergency so that did not help. At the end I ended up calling the tow truck and paid 48.45 for the oil change and engine oil flush.\n\nThey did not try to do anything to resolve this issue with me but telling me that they can order the part in and have it done possibly the next day because they were closing or call a tow truck. How can you corner in your customer into a decision that might cost them hundreds of dollars on something that they did not get the permission to do in the first place. I was so frustrated because I am not the type to argue and make a big deal in public. They clearly took advantage of my passiveness and I think also me being 24 years old made me look like a fool waiting to be taken advantage of.\n\nSo STAY AWAY PEOPLE. GO TO ANOTHER PLACE!