I had a fantastic stay at the W Scottsdale. \n\nIf you're looking for a hotel were you can revel with other young and trendy people, you should definitely come and stay here. The valet was filled up with Bentleys, and ferraris. When I was checking in there was actually a pool day party going on. Actually every weekend there is a party of some such. On Saturday nights the first floor lounge turns into a sexy gathering place-music, great drinks at the bar, and everyone dressed to impress. The pool area which is extremely huge with cabanas and a bar with a dj-transforms into a scene straight out of Vegas. The athletes love to party in this city! Mostly the basketball players. Football players are getting ready for the season. You will definitely meet a few. I was really impressed. This hotel is located where all the entertainment is. So if you get tired of the scene at the W, simply walk outside and choose from the many bars and club to go into. I love the atmosphere at the W. It screams sexy, contemporary, and chic.\n\nThere is also a spa called bliss.\n\nAll of the employees give good service. Whenever I had a complaint or if I needed something they made sure I got it in a timely manner. \n\nMy Wonderful room was so nice. Just enough room for one. It's definitely different. But I liked it! The shower and the bathroom was on opposite sides of each other and were enclosed in glass. There was a partition in the room to section the bathroom area from the room. Nice lighting for during your makeup, too. I requested to have a room away from the noise, so when I'm in my room I could have undisturbed beauty rest. I don't want to be around the partying all day now! Lol. I ordered room service like 3 or 4 times. The food is really good. \n\nFor security you need your key to access the elevators. And you had to show your key to get into the pool party.\n\nOh yeah, I don't remember seeing any families or young kids. Which is fine by me. I don't like to be around a lot of young children. Maybe during the week you could get away with bringing your kids to stay here but come weekend, it's all about the parties and club scene. I wouldn't take that risk, so choose a quieter hotel for your family. \n\nThe W stands for *winning*!!!