I normally really enjoy the Velveteen Rabbit, but had a fraudulent experience with one of the bartenders and felt like other people should be aware of what is happening at this bar. \n\nThis past Friday, I went to the bar to meet up with some friends. I left a tab open because there was a $20 minimum. I had ordered 2 drinks and went to their outside patio where I talked with my friends for a few hours. Once we were finished talking, I came back inside to close out to find that one of the bartenders had closed me out and added her own $5 tip to my tab where she had written in big letters \"WALKOUT.\" When I asked her about why she would sign off on another person's tab and explained to her that I had been inside the bar the entire time, she proceeded to be extremely rude and defensive even though she had made the mistake. It is illegal for a bartender to add their own tip. She also followed up with the comment, \"oh you DON'T want to pay your bartender a 20% tip?\" She also said that it was their policy to close people out if they walk out, but I had never left. I also brought up that my friend had a tab open, had been at the bar the same length of time as I had, but she magically was able to close herself out. No response from the bartender.\n\nThere are a few issues I have with this situation. 1) I had never left. I was inside the bar the entire time, in which case your \"walkout\" policy would not apply to me. 2) It is 100% illegal to sign off on someone's tab without their permission 3) How dare you add your own tip? That is for me to decide what your service warranted, not you 4)  Instead of being apologetic, this bartender acted like she was doing me a favor when in fact she has only caused me a headache and will be losing her tip altogether 5) I was going to give her a cash tip, but she made the decision to put it on my card\n\nOverall, I'm literally shocked and so offended by the experience. My bank has been notified and will be taking the tip off altogether. It may seem petty, but the point of the matter is you don't close people out when they're still at your bar, you don't add your own tip, and you definitely shouldn't be nasty to the customer when they're voicing their concerns.