When I stopped in for dinner the other night, I was surprised to see this place still called Martinez Taco Bar. I came by about 2 months ago and the girl who took my order said they were using the name Martinez Taco Bar for now, but said they would be changing to \"Aranda's Taco Shop\" and gave me a business card and coupon for a free agua fresca upon their re-opening. I was hoping after 2 months they would have worked out necessary kinks and have the menu in better order. That's something they are still working on according to the girl who took my order this time. it's confusing though because the menus posted on yelp and the menu they have posted on their walls and the printed menus they have out all are different from from the items offered to the price of them. I wanted to try certain things and couldn't because they say they aren't Martinez Taco Bar anymore and are changing the menu around some. Why still use that name after all this time and still not have your menu together? Loco! \n\nThey have a large menu with basically the same thing over and over just in different sizes and maybe a couple different toppings. If you want a basic street taco those are $2 each and come with onions and cilantro. If you want a bit more on your taco and double the meat, the regular tacos are for you. The regular tacos were $3.75 and came with cheese, salsa, guacamole and double meat. They were out of guacamole on my first visit and so they gave me freshly sliced avocado instead and the same thing happened on this last visit. I don't know how they are out of guacamole again, but I have to admit that I really liked the sliced 'cado on my taco and wouldn't mind it that way each time. The street taco had decent flavor and for $2 is a great deal. There is a free salsa bar where you can dress your food as you wish or they have containers for you to fill up what you want if you are taking your order to-go. The price of the regular taco was steep, but it did taste good and I appreciated the amount of stuff inside it. I tried their Al Pastor and Carne Asada. The Al Pastor isn't the best in town, but it was OK as far as taste (a bit overcooked yet had a decent flavor) and something I'd order again if they weren't out of pineapple like they were on both my last visits. The asada was just OK for me, but my hubby did enjoy it. They weren't shy with filling up the asada tacos and that is a plus. There is a good size patio with tables and chairs outside. The food was good, but other kinks still seem to be holding them back in my opinion.\n\nBoth visits the soda fountain was out of order. I feel like this place has something, but they certainly have kinks to work out. if they are changing names they should do it and they should have menus that are all the same. It's frustrating to order 3 different things and be told that they don't serve it anymore. Hopefully they will get it together because I'd like to see them succeed being a local family run business. 3.5 stars.