It's a rare occasion when you visit a supposedly professional business and not only are you verbally abused by the doctor because he refuses to do his own job, but you are also sexually harassed and molested by a technician all in the same day. To sum it up, this was my experience at the Moretsky Cassidy Lasik Vision Correction. \nThe doctor was Dr. Sanford L. Moretsky and the technician, goes by the name of Richard. The visit started out normal; we came into the appointment on time at 9 am on 07\/28\/2015, where I proceeded to help my 80 year old father fill out paperwork. \nThe reason I am with my father is his vision is failing because of cataracts and he cannot fill out medical forms on his own. I was there with him only as a helper. My father is in need of cataract surgery and was looking to get a referral letter by Dr. Moretsky for toric lenses. My father is also a Korean 100% Disabled War Rated Vet, the VA will only pay for these certain lenses if an eye surgeon will write a letter. \nThe problems started when we were told the total examination was 3 hours long. My father had already been to the VA clinic for an exam and he didn't want to do it again. He had specifically come there for a referral letter for the toric surgery and he wanted to know if he would receive this if he went though with the long exam. This was when we first met Richard the technician. Richard assured us that if my father went through with the exam, he would most definitely receive a letter at the end of the visit. \nSo we proceeded to go through with the exam. While I will admit that Richard seemed like a very kind person at first, his questions about personal life completely through me off. \nI followed my father and Richard, as went through the various stations of equipment in the eye clinic. As we were doing this, he started asking me about my personal life. He wanted to know how many children I had and whether I had a boyfriend. He gave me a complete history of his past unfaithful girlfriends. He asked me to marry him 5 to 6 times. He wanted to know how attractive I thought he was. \nFor the record, this was creepy and I hated it, but I was hoping that if I remained polite, Dr. Moretsky would write us a letter. When Dr. Moretsky finally did arrive and did his examination on my father, he agreed to write it.\nFinally, we were moved to the part of the clinic where surgery was scheduled. Sometime between Dr. Moretsky's examination and the move to the other side of the clinic, my father briefly went out of the room a couple of times. During this time, Richard decided this would be a good time to try to touch one of my breasts. However, he only got as far as my shoulder and back since I kept on moving away from him.\nWe are then led by Richard to the \"finance department\" of the clinic. This is where we are introduced to an older woman named Wendy. It seems Wendy's one and only job function is to write the price of surgery on a sticky note and hand it to the patients in her office. When Wendy handed my father the sticky note, he asked where his letter from the doctor was. Wendy became extremely irate at this question and said it was not her job to write letters.\nWhen my father keeps on asking about the letter , she leaves the office and comes back with a \"standard form.\" This form has a price listing of the clinic's surgeries. My father explains this was no good, he needed an actual written letter from the doctor stating why he needed toric lenses over standard. Wendy kept on insisting she knew all about how the VA accepted letters, though she had just claimed moments ago she never writes them.\n We then were taken back by Wendy to the main office at the clinic, where Richard happened to be in waiting for us. Wendy quickly leaves the main office then and says we can explain our issues to him. His answer to what happened and how we would not be receiving our promised letter was \"sorry.\" Yeah, that really makes up for the 3 hours of carrot dangling and molestation, we just suffered in this clinic.\nDr. Moretsky then appears from the back and proceeds to start screaming at my father that it's pointless to write a letter, because the VA hardly ever approves the toric procedure. This is when I step in between my father and the doctor. I tell him to his face that we know the chance is slim, but we were promised a letter, so you should keep your word and write us one. He finally relents and says he will write the letter in a \"few days\". Remember, we were promised this letter at the end of the examination. I know this was a complete lie on the doctor's part and there will be no letter, so we leave the clinic. \nPlease judge for yourself whether you want a doctor, who lies to and verbally abuses the elderly, keeps molesting creeps in his office as techs , as the person that you are going to go under the knife with for your vision. As a personal recommendation from my own experience, go elsewhere, anywhere is better than this sewage pit.