I can always rely on this place! This particular store is conveniently located about 5 minutes from my house, and I've revisited plenty of times. The hostesses and waitresses have always been friendly, and service has always been excellent! The food is always great as well...probably the most consistent place that I've been to. I'd have to say Chili's and In-N-Out Burger are my favorite places to eat off of the Strip on a regular basis. I don't remember a single time that I've been disappointed in my dining experience.\n\nMy most recent visit on 7\/17 during lunch hour was top notch everything! My waitress Ruby was awesome and had a sweet and approachable personality. She kept the refills coming, and checked frequently to see if everything was ok. There was even another waitress that checked once on my table as well. \n\nI loved everything on the menu so far. Maybe I just click with a certain type of food style, and this is it. Previously I've tried the Southwestern Eggrolls, Texas Cheese Fries, Tostada Chips, Fajitas, Ribs, Fries, and Skillet Chocolate Chip Cookie. I may even be missing some items throughout all the times I've visited. All so delicious. And I can't forget about the Blackberry Iced Tea. One of my favorite drinks ever. Just sweet enough. So refreshing! \n\nIt's hard to believe that as someone who loves burgers, I haven't tried one here until this visit. I recently went on a Strip \"burger tour,\" looking for the best burger in Vegas. I tried a handful of different burgers, all good, but never found one that justified the price. But after all this time, something I was looking for was right in front of me. The Chili's Classic Bacon Burger. For under $9 with your choice of side (lots of options available, including light broccoli and fries). The bun is soft, the patty was prepared to perfection, the bacon was delicious, even the pickles were tasty and not too salty. A perfect burger. It's still breakfast time and I want another one right now!\n\nI think this is the best neighborhood restaurant by far. If I had to choose one place to eat at everyday, this would be it!