Creamy white broth, full body flavor.. in this satisfying bowl.. need I say more? Ramen game strong here in the Southwest, seriously! \n\nYou maybe familiar with Ohjah as they have sushi and steakhouse restaurants throughout the Vegas Valley.  This restaurant specializes in ramen only.\n\nBasic bowl : The base includes Chashu, seaweed and bean sprouts. From there you can choose different broths stocks, Tonkatsu, Curry, Shoyu, Vegetable, and Miso.   There's also a selection of set of 'House Special Ramen' you can order.  Also as with Ramen-Ya in the valley , you can add addition toppings for additional charge. \n\nI went for the Ohjah House Ramen from the House Special Ramen section.  Tonkatsu style broth, Oxtail, beef, Chashu, and soft boiled egg. When this huge hot steamy bowl was presented to me I knew I was goin to LOVE it! Man, that broth! Texture was like silky. Noodles are fresh, al dente, 2 bones of tender Oxtail, Chashu (pork belly) slice also dissolved when you took a bite. Perfect bowl of ramen! And it was just $9.75! Really reasonable price. \n\nThere are also appetizers you can get, but I just glossed over that part and did not read what they had since I wasn't super hungry, so I'll leave it up to you guys with the bigger appetite to report back on it. \n\nI like that this place is spacious and not cramped like other noodle houses. Looks like they accommodate more people too. Kitchen is enclosed with window facing the dining area, so you have a clear view of what's going on in there. \n\nService was excellent! Host will take you to your table and will also be the one to check you out when you are ready to leave.  The servers were great! My order was taken promptly and came out quick. Kudos to the attentive server who offered more broth to warm up my ramen cause I got a little distracted taking pix. :\/... that was really nice, he didn't have to do that. Thank you! \n\nAnyway, if you are in the area near Ikea, btwn Sunset & Warm Springs on Durango , you'll find this place by the new EOS Fitness gym.  Definitely making this place my go-to for ramen out here.