Was in Vegas during Labor Day weekend and to my glee it's LV restaurant week too?! I saw Todd English on Top Chef as a judge and with the location just on the edge of the lake of the Bellagio fountains, I was in!  Made a reservation the day before hoping to get the first seating. We scored a table on the patio and got to watch a fountain show, cool! Food roundup (3 course lunch for $20)\n\nBread basket: Yummy flatbread and carmelized onion focaccia with green and black olive tapenades with whole olives as well. One of the tastier bread baskets I've had!\n\nAppetizers of Watermelon Panzanella and Calamari: The panzanella is a \"bread\" salad. Nice and big red and yellow watermelon cubes on top of mixed greens with olives, feta cheese and big cubes of toasted bread. Watermelon was tasty and paired nice with the salty cheese. The calamari was nice and crunchy, but came with this creamy aoli on top, would've liked something with more acidity to balance it out\n\nEntrées of Chicken breast with black lentil hummus and grilled lamb chops. The chicken was a tad dry, but came on this bed of huge, thick cut, meaty, and sweet tomatoes, very nice. The black lentil hummus was yummy, nice lemony kick but warm and a bit thinner than usual hummus. The lamb chops were very tasty, with some type of bubbly glaze, I ate these up. The fatoush salad on the side was nice complement.\n\nDessert of seasonal sorbet trio and drunk chocolate trifle: The sorbets were a nice and I really liked the orange looking one, probably passionfruit. The bf didn't think there was enough chocolate in the trifle, there was only some chocolate ganache at the bottom. I thought it was just ok.\n\nLowdown: It's all about the view since it sits on outside of the Bellagio fountain lakes. Make an early reservation and sit on the patio. Weekend water shows start at noon, breathtaking! As far as the food, it had some good flavors, and with this price very reasonable, cheaper than brunch buffet. Normal priced though, wouldn't go, some problems with here and there with execution. There's probably many restaurants that are better at this price range, especially in LV. Do go for the view though!