By far the most generic hotel experience I've had while staying on the strip. \n\nThis review comes to you as a working American who isn't checking in under VIP status. \nYes, their display in their hallway is fantastic. Yes, they have the iconic fountain show. You can see those things without staying there though, and I would highly recommend you do so. \n\nRolled up to valet in my rental, which is a baseline vehicle. Valet doesn't seem interested in assisting us since we weren't in a Bentley or Maserati, but other 5-star hotels were perfectly friendly to us, and of course we tip well along the way. \n\nFront desk was polite but lacked ATTENTION TO DETAIL. It was my birthday, and had the resort agent noticed on my ID, that would have been a nice acknowledgement as every 5-star property on the strip always asks if you are celebrating something. The Aria did last year, and they sent up a nice warm welcome with a box of macarons for me. \n\nRegular resort rooms lack ATTENTION TO DETAIL.  I really should have taken pictures of all of this as it sounds ridiculous in a review.\n- Regular resort rooms are just PLAIN. They are NOT special, fancy, large, or particularly pretty.\n- Towels are BEYOND OLD for a 5-star hotel. They are raggedy and need replacement. Fine if this was a 3-star Hampton or Drury, but even they have nicer towels than the Bellagio. \n- Bathroom shower head was green with hard water build up. \n- No power plugs near night stands without you digging around.\n\nYou can pay the same at the Venetian and have a large SUITE with more dining options.\nYou could stay at the Aria and be welcomed with bedside chocolates, curtains that magically pull apart when you walk in, and the TV softly plays music with a welcome screen for you. \nYou could stay at the Encore and get free upgrades for a special occasion. \n\nFor \"commoners\" like me, I recommend you make a field trip to the resort display and fountain at night, but go stay somewhere else that is more of an indulgent experience and not just a place to sleep at night. If I wanted to do that on my birthday, I would have stayed at the Tropicana.