5,860cc, push rod V8, 865 hp, 720 Newton meter, 12:1 compression, 4 speed on the tree, Chevy hell belching MONSTER SUNDAY, SUUNDAAY, SUNDAAAAAYYYYY arrgghhh arrrgghhhhh AAARRHHHHHHH.\n\nEver have an exploding bomb rocket bigger than you strapped to your ass? I love Slim Pickens. \n\nIf you ever have the chance to do this, DO NOT HESITATE. I got to do some pretty Manly Man things in and around Vegas already, including quad running near a gold mine, skydiving, shooting craps with and for Denis Rodman, dune buggying close to a Nellis training site. \"Don't drive too close to the gunfire or you'll get shot up,\" was the buggy training I got. \n\nMy g\/f couldn't do most of these things because of back surgery, so that sucked not sharing it with her. But we went to tons of shows and that was awesomesauce. And I posted an offer online weeks before, but there were no other men in town that day, right?\n\nThere was an undisclosed age I reached where I promised myself I wouldn't sign any wavers of liability for loss of life, gettin too old for this shi-. But I was ASKED to do this. When it's on someone else's dime, HELLS YEAH it's on, bitchez.\n\nThe shuttle bus picked me up at Harrah's, where excitement built as we signed our lives away. Not many people were talking, so I broke the ice with some guy who looked pretty serious, like we were going to Talladega. In 5 minutes we got the whole bus talking about cars, racing, why we were there. I had to get to know these people since I wanted someone to say \"he was a good guy\" when it came time to identify the body. \n\nWe heard the roar of engines as we circled the Speedway and went thru the tunnel to emerge inside it. I had never been before, it was like the beginning of that Star Trek movie where they shuttle around and the ship gets big as all hell as we approach it. \n\nI must have been led around like I was stoned, we were all kinda star struck when it came time to actually do it. We got to an area to be briefed and RACE SUIT UP. The cars had a double cam setup, to look at the POV and us in the car. I would have cashed a bond, you're damn right I'm getting THAT footage. A pic was taken of us also that we got to buy later and I did that cause the plaque was pretty damn sweet. I wanted everything that showed proof of me doing it, like I was on the space shuttle, or Christy Canyon. \n\nYou know, I brought my own camera and like a complete dumbshit- there was less concept of time than in a casino- I didn't get any pics of me in the suit. I was rubbernecking everything, damnit. When would I ever get to do that again? CD video. \n\nLoaded into the car, I talked with my driver for a bit, it was like I was a 5 year old kid interviewing a fireman. They have driver training courses also, for a day to several weeks.  \n\nWe were off and I did that thing where you try to hold your hand in front of you. I tried it for a second before realizing I could shatter my arm if it got slammed around. \n\nWith a mic-ed headset on it was louder than F as he wound that bad boy up! Little did I know the conversation would be on the DVD, so you can really hear how ricockulous I was. I was on a drunk high goin the fastest I ever had in a car before, averaging speeds over 200MPH. I teared up involuntarily (or out of utter stokedness) and it just flew back along the side of my head like that first Vegas hard water shower, wow.\n\nWe got a tour of the garage, too. These are real Nascar cars and parts with the only modifications being a second seat and harness setup. I was a garage geek, too, having worked with a mechanics department at a theme park. \n\nThey had a merch trailer that sold basically everything they do on race day, plus the custom stuff I bought. \n\nI would love to go back, just to be in the obs area. Powerful stuff. Always bring ear plugs or better yet foam muffs to a race. \n\nThat night I went to a derby girl's b-day party at Lucky's 24\/7. She's a Nascar fan, too. I was just glowing radiant all night.