I like to tell the story of how my boyfriend and I joined this place while eating ice cream for dinner one night.  I mean, who randomly joins a gym while eating a big bowl of ice cream?  (In my defense this was Birthday ice cream, so that makes it okay).    We both walked out that night with melted ice cream, new boxing gloves, and a month-to-month agreement which we can cancel at any time.  I was really excited.\n\nA few days after we joined,  I read some bad reviews for the other locations of Knock-Out, and I was surprised.  I'm still confused by those.  I can't judge or make any comments on those as I've only been to Gilbert, and I try not to sign annual contracts for anything  unless it's a necessity.  We've been going for over a month now, almost 2,  and it's been nothing but positive. \n\nPROs\n\n-The place is so friendly and welcoming.  I swear Dan knows every single client's name and never forgets anything you say to him ever.  I'm kind of amazed by that. \n\n-Diversity of their clientele.  This isn't a macho sweaty boxing gym where someone not fitting that description would feel out of place.  There are all kinds of people of all fitness levels.  Sure, you've got your typical dude who looks like he belongs in a boxing gym, but there are also lots of other people just trying to burn some calories, keep in shape, or tone up.  If you think you wouldn't fit in, you're wrong.\n\n-The work-out is no joke.  I love to hate Jake because he'll hilariously call you on it if you slack off (Tip:  be sure to time your laziness for when he's looking the other way).  Even when I'm having a blah day, and just want to go through the motions I end up exhausted and sweaty and really glad I showed up.\n\n-I think it's a good value.  I've just spent an average of $5 per class if I divide it out this month.  It's a hell of a class, totally worth it.  Plus, there's weights, and cardio equipment available at any time.  Personal training too, though I haven't taken advantage of that yet.\n\n-Awesome stress relief.  It's fun to punch and kick things after a tough day at work.  Some days,  I have a name and imaginary face in mind to smack down when I show up.   I had a bad call with a stupid insurance agent last week which led to a great workout later that night.  Thanks Nation-Wide, you suck.\n\nCONs\n\n-Weekend hours are shorter, which may make it harder for you if you have a busy schedule.\n\n-I can anticipate that eventually I may get bored of taking the same class multiple times a week.  They do change up the instructors for the time slot that I like,  and each is different so that's nice.  \n\n----------\nI'm pretty sure anyone interested can get a 3 day pass for free. \n\n............Mama said knock you out!