I've spent over $2000 at this location and really want to give it 4.5 stars but after my last visit I'm torn between 2 or 3.  I'll stick with 2 until I hear back.\n\nCashier: James.  Driver: David. Manager: Chris.\n\nI have made about 3 or 4 trips here because it's very convenient.  My friends and co-workers use it and we always recommend it for any of your tree planting needs or desires.  But my last visit was horrible.  I knew walking in what I wanted, I didn't need their deals or 50% off tree\/plants.  Not everyone bites at opportunities.  So I walk in and ask for help, James comes out and greets me.  He's a 18 yr old kid, he looked a bit tired\/not hangover but obvious he had been up all night prior to my visit.  Whatever, as long as he can keep it professional and help me out.  I have a list of trees I wanted but I ask him what he recommends and give him the type of tree I wanted.  He chooses a tree I had pre-chosen in my research.  Good.  He chooses some plants I've already pre-chosen also, good.  This was literally a 10 minute deal, most people spend 40 mins to an hour+ here being picky.  Not me, I knew what I wanted.  Was this too good for a salesperson?  Probably.\n\nI got a privet, w. jazmines, tree removal, delivery, plant, and stakes.  James rings me up and charges me for everything I wanted and sends me off.  HOLD!  Before you send me away, what's my delivery date?  I know it, cause it's on that calender behind you.  But why is it not scheduled?  Oh hey can I also get flags?  Why am I doing his job?\n\nA week later, delivery\/plant day.  I get an early morning call from David the driver and his crew.  I get another call from David when he gets here and says uhhhh where is this Privet going?  I tell him where the flag is at, and he says he doesn't see a tree removal on the receipt and insists on showing me. I told him I paid for it and again he puts the paper in front of me.  I point to the tree cost and tell him it went to the tree cost because a tree that I bought, as small as it was wouldn't cost this much and David hesitantly says he has seen a tree cost this much.  \n\nI understand where David was coming from, if it's not on paper it doesn't exist.  So there was no convincing him to do the work.  I told David I was going to call James at Moon Valley to straighten everything out.  I go inside my house and Juan tells me James will call me back.  So I go outside to wait for James' phone call.  I see David and he's already on the phone but goes behind his truck.\n\nHe comes back around and says he just spoke with the manager Chris and says it's going to cost me an additional $150 (cash) on top of what I already paid to have the tree removed.  So I did the police thing and ask the same question in 5 different ways.  Given extra money they can take the tree out.\n\nBut I dealt with James, not Chris so Chris wouldn't know what the transactions were and I'm the customer so why wouldn't I be afforded to talk with Chris if there's a dispute?  James calls back and I tell him what's going on and he tells David that I did in fact pay for it and it was his error for not putting it in the notes.\n\nDavid says he can do it but it's going to cost $40 dollars to remove the tree but I would have to clean it up because he doesn't  have room in the truck.  \n\nWait, for $150 you were able to do it but not anymore?!\n\nAfter he tells me that I stand there and think: Did he really ask for $150, untaxed\/no receipt from me earlier.  And now after the phone call to verify that the work was paid for he's asking for $40 dollars, untaxed\/no receipt from me for taking the dead tree stump out.  I stand there thinking, why are these guys working when David is asking me for cash?  Why is it that it's still going to cost me extra after it's been verified that I paid for everything?   Why would someone, not in a position of manager or higher (not even a cashier) ask this from me?  Will they stop working if I say no?  Why does the Easter bunny lay eggs?  Did it sleep with a chicken?  I thought of all this in about 5 seconds.\n\nI stood there silent and watched them work.  2 options, they stop working or David was trying to earn extra money.  David and I stand next to each other watching  them work for about 2 minutes and he finally asks me for the $40.  I told him I'm going to talk to James so I can speak with Chris because I paid for everything already.  David tells me that he doesn't want unhappy customers and not to worry about it.  I told him I wasn't upset seeing as all this could have been avoided if my purchases have been documented properly.  But i did tell him I was disappointed in his misrepresentation of Moon Valley's business practices.\n\nAfter the plants and trees were put into place they were about to leave. WAIT! Straighten and stake my tree, I paid for it.  They didn't have any!! They used MY stake from my old tree and a piece of stick and called it a day.\n\nReally disappointed but would still recommend MVN if you can afford it.