$23.99 = chubby Asian pig\n\nThat's right.  For an awesome $23.99 charge, one can walk in and literally absorb the food via osmosis.  Cellulite?  Three orders coming right up.\n\nThe only reason why I pushed this place was because I read somewhere that this was one of the largest buffets in the nation and that the lines spanned the length of a football field.  That's right.  You are reading a review by someone who does take quantity over quality at times.  \n\nInitial review?  Eh, not too impressive.  Sure, the buffet tables were long, but the food was mediocre in that I was strictly looking for meat dishes and ignoring the carbs.  That meant my several slices of prime rib went down nicely with the glass of water (no soda, the bubbles make you puff up) and I was equally charmed by the BBQ beef ribs (went back for 6 ribs) because they were juicy and blubbery.  Some of the chicken (Piccata style) was slightly dry but the somewhat watery crab legs and shrimp covered up the lag.  I decided to give in to a little carb nagging, so a 1\/4 of rice pilaf padded my stomach nicely.\n\nMy male friend and I were keeping up with the meat orders.  I bypassed the Italian pasta bar, the Chinese food chow mein, and buffet style sushi in order to ensure I was obtaining my $23.99 worth of meat.  When it came to dessert, however, I betrayed my instincts.  The bread pudding had just been put out and the bread called to me, like the Sirens at TI.  I scooped up several mounds of the fluffy bread pudding and poured on the caramel sauce from the Bananas Foster dish.  Hubba hubba.  Wait, was that Banana Cream Pie?  Muhahahaha.  I picked up two slices of that.\n\nAfter a good hour and a half of stuffing ourselves, we had to roll on out to the driveway to hail a cab.  No way I was going to be photographed rolling around the strip via blueberry style.\n\nFor the Vegas family outing, this buffet is enough to serve a child's dream come true.  For adults with no discerning palate, a decent and inexpensive place to stratify your stomach prior to blowing the education fund out on the tables and slots.