I was looking for something different during lunch and realized that the UNLV area was surprisingly close. Cue a visit to one of my older bookmarks in the area...\n\nCugino's Italian Deli is in one of those plazas across Maryland Parkway from UNLV. Despite its location, I saw few college-age customers in the dining area and none behind the counter. Even without the New York faux license plates and sports teams pennants on the wall, you could get some of the straightforward no-nonsense attitude from the employees.\n\nYou can also get pastas, sauces, deli meats, cheeses, and other Italian foodstuffs both packaged and fresh. I was more interests in the ready-made foods, which as you might expect include sandwiches, pizzas, and pastas.\n\nI wasn't feeling up for a lunch special on my first visit (basically several normally priced items plus a free fountain drink) so I went with the eggplant parmesan sandwich ($9.99). It's not a super huge portion, but it has pretty decent bread, savory eggplant, delicious red sauce, and really gooey cheese. The banana pepper really went well with this sandwich too. It was probably a bit of a mistake to skip the meatballs though, and I wasn't getting that really deep satisfaction that I have from other sandwiches. I wouldn't say it was worth over ten minutes' wait.\n\nI went back a couple of days later for that meatball parmesan sub ($8.99). I was hoping for a really mind-blowing meatball, but I got pretty good ones that are still unfortunately not the best that I've had out of a small Italian deli. Same cheese and red sauce didn't quite carry the day.\n\nMy favorite part about the second visit was the cannolis. They come both large ($3.75) and small ($1.75). After one bite, I felt regret at not getting the large one. Crispy crust, cold but not too sweet filling, and just enough chocolate. I would possibly come back for those. I haven't had a lot of cannolis, so this isn't saying too much, but they're the best I've had.\n\nCugino's is a decent lunch spot if you're in the area. I would give 3.5 stars in an ideal world (or an ideal rating system), but I was just was too underwhelmed in my two visits. I would come back to try some pizza or cold cut sandwiches if a friend invited me, but there are far superior hot sandwiches in town.