I went here for a  bite to eat & a few drinks while I was in town visiting my parents.  Upon getting there, I did not see a hostess at the stand for awhile so I sat myself.  When I did get a seat it took quite awhile to get greeted.  When I finally got some service, he informed me that they were supposed to have 6 servers, 2 bartenders, a busser, and a hostess; but there was only 2 servers.  Needless to say service was slow the entire night, but I gave the guy the benefit of the doubt the entire night.  He seemed so frazzled that he got to the point of not caring anymore, I really did feel bad for him.\n\nThe atmosphere was a cool outdoor bar with a bunch of rescue birds.  That is where the birds were cool.  The place had the slight tinge of urea smell (bird poo smell) & squawking birds which got so bad at one point it sounded like one was being waterboarded and giving birth.  \n\nThe beer selection was good & they actually server their Moscow Mules (and their several variants of it) in the copper mug, big plus for me.  This category was 4 stars!\n\nFinally was the food.  My friend got a Margarita Pizza, it looked kind of blah.  She said it did not taste that great.  I ordered the Perch burger w\/ tater tots.  The tots were soooo greasy.  They left a snail trail where they were sitting on the paper.  The burger was initially great, but this is where the big problem happened, there was a used twisty tie in my burger.  When I alerted the server, he removed the twisty tie with his bare hand (it had just been in my mouth) and walked off with it.  When he came back he let me know the management would give me a free drink. I worked in the industry for almost 4 years and I would have comped an entire bill if that occurred to my table, especially with all the other BS that was going on.   IT ended up being a $47 tab, it was his loss because if he comped the whole check I would have given him the entire thing as a tip.  Instead he got 25%.\n\n\nWill I be back?  Not at all likely.  Think this was a one and done for me.  I highly recommend trying something else in downtown Chandler, there are plenty of other options.