Since my last review I've only been in this store once or twice due to convenience.  After switching to the Ray\/Dobson Sprouts, I would say it's one star better.  But this morning we were in the area and decided to jump into this one for a couple of things, and it's still the same ol' story with the employees.  No one will look me or my husband in the eye.  A few that were in the aisles just kept stocking shelves and ignoring customers.  It costs nothing to say, \"Hey!  How are you?  Need any help?\", but I have not found that here.\n\nI was back by the freezers looking for something and a tall dude came out of the back with his Sprouts sweatshirt on, in a big hurry and almost ran me over.  Not a word.  Ridiculous.  \n\nWhen we got to the checkout lines, the cashier was somewhat friendly, but then she and the bagger stood there in front of us and complained about their schedule for the week and mentioned an employee by name \"who always screws it up\".   She was so busy complaining she messed up on her scanning and had to correct a few things.  \n\nSometime check out the Sprouts Culture board that's on the wall at the front of the store.  Absolutely no mention of the customer.  Just something I noticed and find interesting.\n\nThis stuff bothers me because I want to really like Sprouts.  I would think working in a small, easily-navigable store that generally sells good products would be a good place to work.  I guess I have too high of expectations, growing up in the land of Hy-Vee \"where there's a helpful smile in every aisle\", and living in Florida where there are Publix grocery stores, which are AWESOME.  They actually act like they are happy to see their customers.  Can you believe that?  \n\nMy experiences here tell me it comes from the top.  If management doesn't care, the employees certainly aren't going to care.  And just a side note, after my last review, I got a message from some passive aggressive douchebag who claimed a couple of times, to have \"no association with the store\" but somehow seemed to know an awful lot about that store and attempted to scold me.  Try that again, and I'll make it a public part of my review.  If that's the way to respond to unhappy customers, no wonder I receive the service I do there.