When did Vegas go from $2.99 Steak and Eggs to $299 kobe burgers and foie gras? I don't mind splurging on a nice meal every now and then but even if you want to eat at an upscale restaurant in Vegas sometimes, you need to know the Pope to get a reservation. \n\nIf you're tight with El Papa and you scored a 7:30 dinner reservation,  what if your ass isn't hungry at 7:30? What if you're hungry at 5:30? What if it's 7:27 and you're on a roll at the craps table? Do you walk away because you have a reservation or stay and risk going hungry? \n\nScrew you Vegas!! I need to be impromptu with my meals. I'm not a planner! I'm not commital and needing to adhere to an itinerary while on vacation is not my idea of a good time! \n\nA few years ago we were 20 minutes late for a reservation at China Grill that I had made weeks in advance and we almost lost our table!  Whatever Vegas... ok I get it... ur cool now... don't forget who kept u alive in the 80's when all you had to offer was the Flamingo, Imperial Palace, The Riviera, The Stardust, Tropicana, Bally's and JOAN RIVERS!... Yeah that's right bitchessssssss!!! Your \"brat pack\", \"Elvis\" and \"mobster\" glory days were history! Your legacy fizzled and at your low point, you were right up there with Laughlin....  did u read that? yeah, that's right.... I said it LAUGHLIN!\n\nNow that you're slowly rising up from the ashes how dare you poo poo on your true blue patrons who stood by your side when the going got rough? You think it was easy for us to stand by your side in the 90's when all you gave us was more bullshit in the form of the Mirage, Treasure Island, MGM, and The Rio? uhhhh noooo... you're bearly redeaming yourself nowadays with Wynn's new shit, Rehab at Hard Rock, The Hotel and Mix Lounge at Mandalay Bay, and Toa at The Venetian...so SCREW YOU... I knew you back when fool!!! \n\nThis is where 24 hour RAFFLES comes in....Raffles doesn't require reservations, Raffles doesn't cost too much and Raffles won't disappoint. I've had breakfasts, lunches, dinners, midnight snacks, and early morning snacks here. No matter what time it is you're bound to find something on the menu that is to your liking.  I think the best way for me to describe Raffles would be to say it's a cross between Denny's and Cheesecake Factory. I've had the ribs, the fajitas, a few salads, the baked potato soup, the fried chicken, the grilled shrimp wrap, the club sandwich and yet my favorite has been the side of macaroni and cheese with lots of black pepper. (UPDATE: The menu has changed and they no longer serve macaroni and cheese or tater tots! There you go again messing my beloved shit up Vegas!!! Booooo!) Whatever, the fries and bread are so good I can still carbload with those... I still love this place!