I am so mad at myself that somehow this didn't get published .. in turn I am not going to know the names of the awesome people who helped us the day we went.. Now  here is the thing if you have young kids this place is perfect.. It doesn't get too crowded. The staff are super awesome and it is so hands on. They continue to add on to things and Yes Yes for the locals I realize it isn't in the most popular part of town but.. for the price it genuinely is a fun experience. \n\nMy daughter is ten and my son is seven and well lets say my daughter was born super early and is someone who needs people who can be patient and give her the opportunity to process what is going on. The staff here definitely did that . I somehow lost my note with the name of the girl who was working at the interactive area where you can touch and feel all the shell crab things and different star fish and that employee was so awesome to my daughter and all the kids. Even to the creepy Father of a child who was trying to hit on her. For a place like that to have such awesome staff I was really impressed.\n\nNot to mention if you need a snack the prices for sodas and things were really reasonable. They also don't charge an arm and a leg to feed the animals. They have people walking around with different things and you can also pet baby turtles and if you so choose swim with sting rays. We didn't do that.. The idea of me in a wet suit sorry so wouldn't be cute but its awesome to check them out. They have reptiles and a really fun parakeet exhibit where you can go feed them and they land on you. \n\nIf you're a local or even visiting looking for somewhere affordable and fun indoors to take your kids I definitely recommend this place not only because I want it to stay open and thrive but because it really is a fun experience located inside a mall which is expanding and soon with have a movie theatre but also right next door is johns incredible pizza which can be its on special kind of scary but if youre visiting its a good kid friendly spot off the strip to go and if you're local.. Give this part of town a shot its getting better. Not necessarily those who roam the street but that plaza anyway. \n\nI know because my Mom works at Sunrise Hospital so I frequent that area and before these places opened I wouldn't be caught dead there. Now I am a member of Sea quest and my kids get the chance to hold birds and see some wildlife without having to deal with Mandalay bay..\n\nBeware it gets hot in there though due to the temps needed for some of the animals