First off, let me tell you that I have NO IDEA why anybody wouldn't rate this chapel at 5 stars.....I'm reading the bad reviews and most of them don't really have a leg to stand on when making these complaints. When you spend $200 on the cheapest package and expect them to cater to you at every waking moment, shower you with gifts and pictures, and then provide full transportation to and from you are going to be in for a treat. There, with that said, my experience -\n\nMy wife and I got married there on November 20, 2012. We flew in from Michigan and included the wedding into our Vegas vacation with my cousin and his wife - it was just us four! I looked over the packages and tried to come up with a good package that was reasonably priced that would include everything we wanted (photos and video were the most important) and after all that looking, we decided to say screw it and get the best package they had - the Indulge package. With this package you get ALL the photos the photographer takes with full copyrights, a videographer, two limos so you don't see your bride, and just a TON of extras to go with it. Granted, not everybody who is going to get married in Vegas is going to spend the money we did (after tips, fees, taxes it was around $3,000 total) but we definitely got a LOT for what we paid - considering if we went small and traditional back home it would still total around $10,000+ depending on what we did.\n\nARRIVAL - We all got to Vegas and I did what I was told to do and called all the the contacts I needed to to let them know which hotel and room number we were in. At that time, it was all confirmed on the time the limos would be picking us up and all that stuff! We were picked up to get the marriage license and then go to the chapel for a tour and a last minute talk. Everything was SO stress-free and I can't imagine not having the \"perks\" that the Indulge package gave us! The chapel was beautiful, and the employees were incredible. I REALLY REALLY wish I would've remembered the name of the girl that took over my initial wedding planner's duties, because she was AWESOME! She went over everything from start to finish and really relieved my bride's stress (as I was the one to set everything up so far haha). There were NO hidden costs, NO hidden fees, NO \"stealing of your money\" like some of these reviews say, NOTHING! Everything was cut and dry and all that was left was to get it done in a couple days!\n\nTHE BIG DAY - From the limo drivers, to the staff, to the minister, I couldn't have asked for my friendly people. The limo drivers chatted it up with you and didn't leave out one detail - you knew EXACTLY what was going on at all times, and never wondered for a second \"where are we going\" or \"what do we do now\". Other people's reviews about \"having to tip everybody\" is ridiculous.....this is VEGAS - you tip EVERYBODY, and I was VERY happy to do so with the drivers. The people at Vegas Weddings really held \"tradition\" to heart as well as everything they planned was smooth and kept me from seeing my bride before she walked down (one thing she DEFINITELY wanted). My bride and I were both nervous as HELL lol we were good up until the point when we got to the chapel haha the live webcam for our family and friends to view at home was AWESOME - we got so many Facebook posts and texts from everybody, one friend said it felt like the \"Royal Wedding of 2012!\" - we felt like celebs! We got married on The Terrace, and it was amazing! We got to choose our own songs for the ceremony, the minister was witty and accommodating (given I wasn't paying attention when he told me to repeat after him, I replied \"oh wait what?\" HAHA) You seriously don't have to worry about a SINGLE THING at this chapel, and EVERYTHING was taken care of!\n\nAFTERWARD - The package also included a photo shoot at one location on the strip. We chose the Venetian to do this, as we wanted to get away from the usual Caesar's or Bellagio that we see so many pictures of. I CANNOT STRESS ENOUGH HOW GREAT OF A PHOTOGRAPHER WE GOT!!!! Her name was \"Via\" and she was SO creative, so got two \"stiffs\" to make some AMAZING photos! haha like I said, we were very nervous! We got all the photos she took included in our package.....and there were 700 of them!!!! She even took some of the better originals and added some effects that she had in mind and included those as well!!! Videographer Holly was a sweetheart too, she must have been laughing at us and how stupid we must have sounded haha! A++++\n\nI'm running out of characters so I have to summarize! I do not understand why anybody would want to get married anywhere else! Granted, I did get the best package they had, but people you have to understand this is VEGAS and they are a BUSINESS! \"cheap\", \"wedding\", and \"everything\" don't all go in the same sentence. You are marrying the love of your life, don't complain about buying extras. They are here to make money and make you happy! Definitely would recommend!!!