So my son wanted to try B&B cause a co-worker recommended this place. I bookmarked it cause I'm always game for a good steakhouse. I made reservations on Open Table which made it really convenient. \n\nThis place is downtown Scottsdale and I really am hesitant coming here cause of parking but to my surprise there is a public parking structure right behind B&B. Also, they have complementary valet parking too. \n\nWalking in the place it's dimly lit with a modern decor. They have both a bar area and dining area. Not huge but would say medium sized but a really nice ambience to the place. \n\nI basically messed up on my reservation and made it for four but we had five. They were very kind and went out of their way to seat us in their dinning area which I thought was nice of them when I basically screwed up. \n\nWe started out with their complementary bread basket. Wow. Pretzel bread and rolls. Really good but my favorite was there pretzel bread. Outstanding. We also ordered the crispy calamari. We always have to try calamari wherever we go. The calamari was really good. Breaded lightly. Cooked perfectly and not to chewy. Really liked the dipping sauce too. So the appetizer was very good. \n\nI ordered the 26oz Bone-In Ribeye. It was cooked perfectly. Very moist. Very tasty. Enjoyed it but it seemed like it had a lot more fat on the steak than other steakhouses. I mean cutting off the fat is no problem but just saying. My wife got the petite filet mignon. I had a few bites and it was very good. Very tender and delicious. Most importantly, my wife enjoyed it too. \n\nAs with most steakhouses, you have to order your sides separate. We ordered the Brussel Sprouts, hash Browns, and Mushrooms. When our order came out, they brought out mashed potatoes instead of mushrooms. They also serve your sides for you. So we had three people dishing out our sides. When the manger came by to ask how's it going someone mentioned that we ordered mushrooms and not mashed potatoes. They got on it right away and brought out our mushrooms. No fuss. No arguments but service. It's also great that they didn't charge us for their mistake too. I thought all the sides were very good but really liked the Brussel Sprouts the most. \n\nSo we were all so full but just ordered the dessert Warm Apple Crumble. It was pretty big. Really good. Just enough to satisfy the sweet tooth. Just loved the warm apples inside. \n\nSo the service was really good. Right when we sat down our server greeted us and asked us for our drinks. The service seemed a little slow at times but I guess they allow their guest to enjoy and have a relaxing meal. I would say our server was fairly friendly and took care of our table. Always filling our water cups. The cool thing about this place is when you order a steak, they bring out a wooden box and allow you to pick out your steak knife. They have big thick manly knives to more smaller knives for the women. You get to chose your own. \n\nWe did like the ambiance. Dimly lit with a few blue light and everything seems so open with the ability so see outside with all the people walking by and the cars going by. It's just so scottsdale. Enjoyed it\n\nLike I said, I enjoyed the meal.  Really good service. Very good steaks. Food is excellent. Great ambiance. Really did enjoy. There are so many great steakhouse it's just your preference. Enjoy. We did