I have a few things to report on this place.  Since this place appeared on Restaurant Impossible it is good to report that the decor and menu are still just about the same when on the show.  Sadly, the management and higher ups haven't really changed, same mentality.\n\nWhat drew us in here was a sign on the side of the street: \"All You Can Eat Pasta Bar.\" Great we thought, let's go in and try it out.  Then everything seems to have gone down the toilet.  When we got inside and attempted to order the pasta bar we were told it wasn't available due to the street festival going on outside.  Hmm, funny, because there is still a sign, if not two, posted outside advertising this.  If you were not going to honor this special (which I believe runs Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday) then maybe you should have taken in the signs for that week.\n\nWhen we decided we weren't going to dine here and let our waitress know our intentions we got this great, drawn out excuse why we shouldn't go.  Instead of honoring the all you can eat portion of this, they would hand you a card with options on it to fill in for the pasta bar.  Mind you, it wasn't even all you can eat, just whatever you checked on the card (more like a slip of paper) was what you got.  \n\nAfter sitting there and made to feel guilty our waitress came back over and gave us the real reason for the guilt trip: Her manager (who just happened to be the hostess as well) would eventually yell at her that night and quite possibly fire her.  I felt bad, especially since she was about to cry, but don't guilt trip me into buying food at an establishment that was priced higher than should be and obviously didn't honor their specials.  (To our waitress, I am very sorry we didn't stay, even your tears couldn't get us to stay.  I hope you still have your job.  If the management fired you for us walking out, that is just bad practice, patrons walk out of establishments for far less than what we walked out for (This shows that the attitudes haven't changed from the show)).\n\nWill I ever go back here willingly, probably not.  I'd return if whomever I was with begged and pleaded to come here.  That would be the only way.