Was unfortunately disappointed in our dining experience here. The menu has a good mix of Southwestern food, with some European dishes like schnitzel thrown into the menu. There is also a separate menu on the chalkboard which includes steak and seafood. I had the sea bass with roasted cauliflower and tried some rack of lamb with Brussels sprouts. \n\nThe portion of food was good, but when I received my food my first thought was \"This is it? I paid $39 for this?\" The food looked like it was dumped on my plate with no special thought on plating and was simply breaded fish and cauliflower. Now this is fine if I'm getting an informal casual meal but for the price a little panache or maybe more elements in the dish would be nice so I feel like I'm eating something that looks better and more varied than what I could eat at home. The sea bass was breaded and crusted with pine nuts, and covered in a sweet sauce. I couldn't remember what the sauce consisted of and it tasted too generically sweet for me. It needed some acid to balance out the flavor and I used a lemon wedge on an iced tea glass to squeeze some juice on the fish which made it taste a lot better. The cauliflower was well prepared and had some nice caramelization along the edges from roasting. \n\nI tried some lamb too ($39) which was perfectly medium rare, but could use just a touch more seasoning. It had a smoky flavor which was nice.\n\nSince we were the lone table in the corner next to the bar, our waiter was actually the bartender. He did a good job though helping the bar patrons while serving and refilling our drinks. Note that sodas are by the bottle but iced tea has unlimited refills.\n\nOverall while I thought the food was OK, it was very overpriced for what you get. Also note that the parking here seems to be strictly valet (Although complimentary).\n\nI do love the atmosphere here though, with the dark wood, the dim lighting, excellent music (A mix of artists from Santana to Beck), and the lush, comfortable seating.\n\nP.S. For those that are wondering (I definitely was before I came here!) it's pronounced ro-ker-ee and it means \"smokehouse\" in Dutch.