Yes, we hit the other BnDz location! The one closest to us!\n\nOh, you didn't think we'd let it slip by us, did you? No, no after this weekend we wouldn't. \n\nBnDz's red-and-black motif is still in effect here, although this is more the be-seated-and-be-waited-on experience. Unlike the South Park location, you can make your way through an undulating hallway to take a seat in the spacious dining room or grab a stool at the counter to watch all the sizzling, grill-side excitement for yourself as you indulge. \n\nFor those not yet hip to what's goin' on, BnDz's borrows from Burgatory their novel check-off sheet ordering system, allowing for premium customization. \n\nOnce again, something was accidentally omitted. My burger -- this time the all-natural, hormone-free ground beef -- didn't have the bacon I ordered, but once I called it to our server's attention, she nixed it from the tab. Everything else I ticked off the boxes, however, was included. \n\nI went with the squishy Cellone's white bun, their \"signature mayonnaise\" (I'm not sure what they put in it, but it's a step above Hellmann's for sure), avocado (forgotten at the South Park BnDz, ironically enough), grilled onions, honey mustard, sweet onion power, garlic powder, dill pickle chips, lettuce, tomato, and a marvelously melted American cheese. \n\nStill, I propose that some sort of scanner like those used to grade standardized tests could be applied here to \"read\" the menu sheets so as to offset human error.  It's either that or have tableside touch screens. \n\nAnother minor gripe I have is that my medium-rare burger was almost medium. It was sort of hard to tell, but I kept feeling like there should have been more pink and moisture in that patty. Regardless, I savored my soft, meaty, crunchy, creamy, tangy, salty creation, no holds barred. \n\nKay and I each ordered a combo that got us individual servings of their french fries, which honestly could have benefited from another plunge in hot fat and a bit of sea salt.  Passable, greasy steak fries they were even if the other location's Original Hot Dog Shop-quality was not achieved here. \n\nWe also shared a customized hot dog with bacon, bbq sauce, pickle spear, and diced onion on a pretzel bun and were left feeling pretty satisfied with what we'd concocted, the chewy, doughy bun pretty much making the frank. \n\nThis satellite has some bugs to shake out of its turbines, but with a nifty business model and above average food, I think BnDz will become a fixture throughout Pittsburgh much like My Big Fat Greek Gyro has.