Sfogliatella, Italian pastry perfection!\n\nYou know you have a VERY good friend when they share snacks like this with YOU!  Especially when these beautiful tasty morsels are no where to be found within 2,500 miles.  My girlfriend from Naples LOVES these treats...but she is so loving and giving that she shared the only one in her possession, (which her most wonderful husband hauled all the way back from California) with me. We sat there and split it, did not speak as we licked our fingers until every crumb was gone.  We just stared at our empty plates with despair.  Knowing we would never be able to eat this again for months, maybe years to come.  We started planning a trip to Italy, which can't come soon enough!\n\nI don't usually get a sweet unless I can share it.  If I have to choose between dessert and a glass of wine when it comes to calories, wine usually wins.  But this treat is not too sweet, it's just simply amazing.\n\nFast forward to this morning...Siena, half restaurant, half bakery\/deli, in Summerlin.\nWe arrive mid morning to find the case empty!  OMG, shouldn't have stayed out so late last night, we missed it!!!  Why couldn't we get here earlier?!  So many reasons, too many to count...at any rate sadness turns into happiness as soon as I explain my despair to Fabio.  He tells me wait 30 minutes, he will bake more!\nReally?!?! Of course we will wait.  I'd wait all day for this amazing creation. \n\nWalking around their take out gourmet food section could easily take half an hour!  Salami, cheese, prosciutto sampling cut to perfection.  The couple at the table next to us, from Milan, happily sharing their pistachio mortadella and piping hot baguette with us!Exactly 30 minutes later...voila!\nFabio returns with lattes,  cappuccino's and 4 piping hot sfogliatella's!!!  6 more made to bake at home to go! All magically appeared and disappeared all within one hour of being in this authentic Italian bakery\/deli. \nI have to pinch myself to see if I was dreaming.  This pastry was done to perfection!  Not sweet, cream filled, flaky, hot, crispy and ooohh soooo gooood with the strong Italian espresso.  Just what we needed.\n\nIf only I could only learn to make these little wonders at home.  I ask Fabio to explain...his hands fly up in the air!  Much too difficult!