Blo, BLOWS.  Just kidding, well not really, but kinda.\n\nMy experience was just so-so at Blo.  I called before I went to ask if they had anyone that was specifically skilled at blowing out curly hair.  The girl who answered was not very helpful.  She basically gave me one word answers and didn't really \"sell\" me on the idea but she did say they have other clients with more \"ethnic\" hair so I figured I would give it a try.  She also said \"don't be scared\" which was an inaccurate read on my inquisitiveness.  I wasn't scared at all.  I just didn't want to waste my time or money and come out looking like Simba from Lion King....which has happened ONE too many times.  So was I scared?  No.  Was I grilling them and doubting their skills?  100%\n\nSo upon arrival I met face to face with the \"non-salesy\" front desk girl.  She knew who I was.  I was THAT girl to her.  The scared girl.  She didn't acknowledge our conversation from just a couple hours prior but instead she looked at me with a blank stare for a very awkward moment.  She went back to get the stylist and when they both came back I felt like I was some type of science experiment that they just finished gossiping about.  It would have been so much easier to just say \"Hey, so I hear you have some concerns about getting a blow out considering your curly hair...don't worry girl, we are going to give you a great blow out.  The products here are awesome, I have blown out the frizziest, curliest hair ever and you are going to love it here.\"  Instead it was like a zombie walking me back to meet my death.  Now who was scared?\n\nThe stylist was very nice.  I mean she was super quiet and wasn't winning any personality awards but she timidly completed the task at hand.\n\nNow, regarding this blowout.  It was the oddest thing I have ever really seen.  I mean she got it pretty straight but I still somehow looked like a lion.  It was like flat but my hair wouldn't move.  The bounce, body and just overall flow of my hair was nonexistent.  After she dried my hair she thought she was done and ASKED if I wanted it flat ironed.  Of course I did!  After it was just dried I literally looked like a frizzy mess.  Once she flat ironed it, it did just that...it got flat.  There was literally no shape, my layers somehow blended in, the texture of my hair was really odd.  I have honestly never had such a unique experience.  The next day it kinked up and just looked like a hot mess.\n\nI get that my hair can be challenging but the stylist actually said it wasn't \"that bad.\"  I really think it came down to the level of expertise.  What one person may believe to be a good blow out another person would disagree.  I have had good blowouts so I know they are possible.  I don't know what all factors into a \"good\" one but this one was a 5 on a scale of 1-10.  Maybe it is the products, the way they use the hairdryer, the flat iron brand or some other secret.  Either way, BLO didn't cut it for me and they gave me their best stylist for curly hair.\n\nIf you have naturally curly hair then you can feel my pain.  Everyone else should disregard my review because it is based strictly on my hair\/experience.  I like the concept of BLO but I didn't think the people seemed very friendly and I just wasn't that impressed with their services.  They are slightly cheaper than other places I have gone but I still don't think it is worth the money.  I didn't leave fully satisfied.