\" the carne asada tacos and the adobada tacos are bomb here!\" \" those are the best tacos I've had\" please......\n\nAll I could hear from my friends is them talk about this place n San Diego.  How good the tacos are and what not.  They found a Las Vegas location and insisted we go when we got there on our Vegas trip this past weekend.\n\nArriving at the restaurant, the employees wanted us to make two lines ( for the beef and the pork meat ).  My gf said lets split up in the lines so we could get our orders.  We decided to order:\n\n1 taco of shoulder meat\n1 taco of stomach meat\n1 taco of carne asada\n1 taco of adobada meat\n1 order of adobada fries\n\nThe employees gave me a bit of an attitude until they forced me to speak Spanish.  They gave me my orders and went to the GF to check on the fries.  She was still waiting for the order and said they were taking a bit long.  I talked to the cook there and he was like she didn't order anything and putting her down.  I switched back to Spanish mode and told him to make the order ( with an attitude ). If that wasn't enough, the cashier girls were giving my gf attitude when she was paying because they couldn't understand that she was paying for the fries and I was paying for the tacos.  Back to Spanish mode, put them down, explained to them in a way you explain a 5 year old how to do things because obviously these people came from Tijuana yesterday and think they can give customers attitude when they themselves can't understand English in the US.  Really pissed me off that these immigrants like to talk smack in Spanish when you don't speak Spanish.\n\nGoing back to the food, I had my eyes set on the carne asada tacos and adobada ( since everyone is ranting about them). I couldn't be more disappointed in the flavor of the meat.  The asada taco's meat was tender, but really bland.  I guess cause its so bland, they smacked so much guacamole on the taco to make up for the flavor ( which made it worst).  The adobada taco meat was really dry and no flavor either!  What was the hype about??  Surprisingly when we were tasting the stomach and shoulder tacos, we were like OK that's pretty good.  The shoulder taco was kinda like carnitas style with some of the broth it was cooked in.  The stomach taco was not all chewy and nasty texture.  Had some of the broth that it was cooked in as well.  These two tacos were the best ones out of the others, how ironic ha ha.  I think the brain, stomach, head and shoulder meat is all cooked in the same broth.  The fries were pretty good too.  They were thin, crispy fries smothered in some salsa they make there.  Personally me, that salsa was OK but too much on it.  Again, the adobada meat did not help the fries.  You might want to eat the fries as soon as you can or else they will become soggy from the overload of salsa they put in.\n\nThis place really did not live up to the hype.  Rude employees, flavorless meat and expensive tacos.  I would have given this place a 1 star, but the shoulder and stomach tacos managed to change my mind.  I would like to try the head tacos,brain tacos, tostadas and quesadillas next time, but I feel like it wont be for awhile since it would have to be because friends wanna go and has to be the San Diego location.  If the San Diego location is just as bad with the immigrant workers and attitudes they give, I will gladly say I'm done with this restaurant. Never again....