Late night visit tonight, courtesy of my roommate who was celebrating her birthday and picked the place, and now I remember why I stopped going here when management changed a ways back.... \n\nLook, there were some good parts. The food was decent, fresh, tasted nice and came out fast - nothing to rave about necessarily but I would (theoretically) go there and eat again. It's tasty, especially for a late night bite. Drinks selections are varied and interesting, but wine tastes a bit stale (like it's been open in the bottle in the fridge for way too long).\n\nThe big problem is that the service honks. For me, there's a thousand options in this town for food and drink, and many of them have quality offerings, so what really brings me back is service. And service here stinks - never worse than tonight. Sat down and waited nearly 10 minutes to be acknowledged and offered a drink. Actually, I had to ask for a drink. Had to ask for food. The only reason I had menus is because they were still sitting on the bar from whoever had them before. Let me say - the place was not busy. There were two guys behind the bar - one in uniform, one not. And if the one not in uniform was the owner, we're all screwed, because he was so disinterested in customer service this review won't mean diddly squat.\n\nThe inattentiveness and empty glasses sitting there for ages in desperate anticipation of  a refill were nasty enough, but the kicker was when the bartender miraculously stopped by to ask how we were (well over an hour  into being there and so irritated and exhausted flagging him down for service we were leaving anyways) and my friend responded with a question, and he, in all seriousness, looked at her, his eyes kind of glazed over, and then he just walked away as she was in mid-sentence. It was pretty much the rudest, most outright unbelievably inhospitable thing I've seen in any bar or restaurant in a long time. I'm not a big fan of people dissing my friends. This dude just did. not. care.\n\nI'm in the industry, and I'd shoot myself in the face before a guest even had  a chance to complain if I ever behaved like that.\n\nWe didn't let it ruin our night - the service was so ludicrous and the snub so insane that we actually laughed our asses off. I still tipped over 20%, because our industry is all about karma and I can't help myself, but I'll never go back Martini's because their service sucks truffled macaroni and cheese balls. \n\nAnd worse for them - I'll be telling everyone else to avoid it too.