When we moved away from Irvine, CA. I knew that Pieology was going to be one those restaurants that would be hardest to let go. Come to think about it, on my last trip back to CA, we made a special trip to Pieology (Irvine Spectrum location) just so that we can \"kustom\"-ise our own personal, magical, thin crust pizza.\n\nWhen I found out that they were planning on opening a location that is literally less than 10 minutes from where I currently live, I was ecstatic! Now, mind you, they are a franchise and the consistency at this Vegas location is definitely lacking. First impressions: the space is a little larger than the Irvine, CA location, but the line moves at a snails pace! I was wondering what the hold-up is; I supposed the winning, efficient staff from CA weren't transferred over as well.\n\n$7.95 for  a nicely sized thin-crust pizza with \"unlimited\" toppings is ideal. However, I was totally turned off when we got to the front of the line, the staff was meek, bored, scared and awfully stingy with the toppings - it was nearly a joke how much they actually coughed onto our pizza; a dot here and there of basil, a dot of ricotta, tiny teaspoon of garlic, 4 pepperonis... What in the world?! They absolutely skimp at this location. On the other hand, the Pieology in CA (the one that stole my heart) really, really hooked it up - they had no shame in their sexy topping game.\n\nHere's the trick - in order to actually enjoy the wonderful thin crust pizzas here, I would recommend that you be firm and speak up if you want extra topping, they will look hesitant, but the amount they initially put on is such comedy. I will admit, the thin crust freshly prepared and baked crust is super legit. You really have to love thin crust in order to love this place. Also the subway style ordering is a nice touch, only when they aren't trying to be cheap with the toppings.  \n\nOn a scale of 1-10, ehhh, that's a tough call. It's different. Some people don't even call this pizza; they are offended by the idea. But we like it! It doesn't make us feel super food-coma'd afterwards and we always pressure them to give us more topping when they skimp. So that helps.\n\nSUPER PRO TIP: the ranch is free and the pizza is dunkable.