A pretty decent spot overall, IMO, this spot deserves about a 3.5 stars. I liked the food here, but wasn't completely sold on it for what it's worth.\n\nThis is a much bigger spot than the original location, and it also has a bar that you can sit down and order drinks, unlike the original location. After trying the food at both locations, I can say that for a fact that the food is exactly the same.\n\nAfter sitting down, the server asked us for our drinks. I have to say, the service here is pretty good, even though they could have used more than one server. Our complimentary chips and dip then came out. So, I've never been a fan of flour tortilla chips, which is what they use here. But to each his\/her own. The salsa was slightly better than the guac, but both were pretty weak. The guac could have used more acid and seasoning, and I wasn't big on the tomatoes they used for their salsa.\n\nFusion fries\/nachos - I've tried both versions. In the end, it's just OK. The fries weren't as crispy as I would have liked, they became soggy rather quickly. Besides having the bulgogi, spicy pork bulgogi, and kimchi as toppings, the rest itself is pretty plain.. Something that you could get at any video poker bar.\n\nOn a brighter note, I had a bite of my friends' spicy pork quesadilla and it was good, except being just a tad too sweet. The portions here are great considering the value.\n\nFor the fusion part, they take Korean ingredients and incorporate them into Mexican dishes. This is just my opinion, but I would like to see it the other way around as well. For example, they can make a carne asada\/al pastor\/ or carnitas fried rice or chow fun. It's just a thought. It's their business and they can run it as they deem fit. They seem pretty successful with their own formula, but I think that would be pretty cool to see, even just as a special. \n\nI thought the food was ok here. Some of my friends are fanatics about this place, and I wouldn't mind tagging along with them if they were in the mood. But, I can't see myself stopping in by my own accord.