I have to start by saying that I am glad I did my jump. But all of the \"Terrible\" reviews about the staff and procedures hold true. I was booked to jump with my brother on my birthday. He had been wanting to jump for years, and had finally psyched himself up for it. Their website does mention a 240# weight limit. The first thing the do when you arrive is weigh you. My brother is very muscular and incredibly fit. His muscles topped him out over 240. They said they would try to get him on anyway, so they sent us both into the training. After the training was over, they came up to him in the room full of trainees, and announced to the whole room (with a smile on his face) that he was too heavy to fly! We thought the guy was joking since he was smiling the whole time, but we finally realized that he was serious. What a creeper! I later realized that he was smiling because all of the staff was out in the lobby making fun of him from coming in even though he was over their weight limit. My brother doesn't go around weighing himself, so he didn't know his  weight, and was concerned that he might be over the weight limit but wanted to try it anyway. We had a friend waiting in the lobby that overheard all of the staff and instructors mocking him so rudely. When they finally noticed that they had an audience (everyone in the lobby could hear them), and he gave them a look, they resorted to just whispering about my brother. So the instructor that told him he was too heavy to fly in front of the whole class was smiling because he just got finished making fun of him!!!\nMy brother is very sensitive and was mortified that they would announce this to the whole class. He was so sad and hurt by the fact that not only he couldn't jump, but they announced it to the whole class like he was some freak. He was so sad, he didn't even stay to watch my jump (which made me sad).\nYou would think that this was bad enough, but they made me pay $50 for his reservation fee because he couldn't jump!! Such jerks!!\nThat, coupled with crass, inappropriate jokes, and the instructors trying to get a rise out of the passengers when they were in the air about how their parachutes weren't packed properly, and they were going to die, and did they say all of our last good-byes were not helpful for all of the first-time jumpers.\nI also didn't appreciate my instructor just pulling one side of the parachute after it was deployed so we went around in fast circles several times, making me feel nauseated the rest of the landing and for an hour afterwards. I wish these guys would get it together, because they have great equipment and a great view. Their customer service is pretty horrific though :\/ Oh, and don't even think of suing them. They make you sign your life over (of course), but also have a part that says if you chose to take any legal action against anyone there, you will automatically have to pay each party $50,000 for THEIR damages! Seriously!!