I understand that This is a mom and pop Restraunt but if they would just fix a few things it would make for a place that would have staying power. \n\nInitially upon entering the tables were full. So we sat at the bar area but I didn't want to stay there because I could see the kitchen and the line and everything. Maybe they had been really busy that day and didn't have time to clean up as it was kind of messy. So we moved to the other side of the bar were we could just see the grill. \n\nThe fans were blowing in this place and in 100+ degree weather outside it was blowing around hot air. No AC. Not my idea of a comfy environment. I heard a lot of good things from yelp so I decided I would stay and give it a try instead of just leaving. There were repeat customers in here you can tell they come a lot so i took that into consideration .\n\nWe were greeted promptly by the Waitress ( owners wife ) and the Chef himself Owner Robert and given some water right away. \nWe gave the menu a look through and I was torn between Korean tacos and a burger. I love fries so since the tacos came by themselves I ordered the Seoul Burger which has a Korean type of glaze on it with fresh mushrooms and smoked Gouda with kimchee mayo. My boyfriend who loves corned beef had the corned beef hash and an order of French toast. \n\nSo I get my burger and I'm excited. I've never had ordered or seen a burger like this on any other menu before. When I got it I cut in half because it is pretty big. It's dripping with the glaze he puts on the burger and I take a bite and it's almost flavorless. I'm not tasting the glaze or the kimchee mayo. Both burger and mayo were lacking flavor.i could tell that the quality if the beef was there though. The fries weren't done yet so just a few minutes for those so no biggie. \n\nThe corned beef hash was great tho. Big pieces of corned need with bits of hashbrown going through it not too much. Egg cooked just the way he likes. With the yolkporn running all over the hash. \n\nThe French toast was also lacking flavor. I could have made that at home. I'm actually proud of my french toast. \n\nThen come the garlic fries. Perfectly crispy seasoned fries with crispy bits of garlic on them. Those were yummy ! \n\nYou can see Chef Robert gettin down on the grill. He's the only cook and manages to time everything perfectly. Nothing overcooked or burned and orders come out at the same time and the food is still hot. So hats off you you  for that ! With that being said there is only one waitress who takes orders cleans tables and takes payment at the register. Along with finishing the plating when the chef needs help and bringing out the orders. That kind of messes things up where she's busy ringing up people at the register and u have a table of people waiting to have their order taken. I saw it happen .\n\nSo if they would have at least another person helping out I'm sure  things would run smoother and if they would fix the ac it would make for a better experience. I know this is a family run joint and I'm not trying to tear anybody down. I'm just giving my honest opinion.