First impressions: the interior reminds me of somewhere a desert cult might hang out to recruit rich members, in a good way. The mostly-white interior with orange accents, lots of windows and light, and small decorative touches like hanging lamps and rustic patio seating all come together in a really nice way. \n\nBEST OPTIONS\nSpanish chorizo with shrimp (app)- incredible, the sauce was similar to a curry and the shrimp were perfect. I'd pay double for an entrée-sized portion and be happy with just that. Fun mix of bread options for dipping.\nGreen chile cheeseburger- Perfectly cooked to medium, massive portion, good variety of flavors. The jalapeno pepper bacon makes this dish. Side it with the salad, which has a light dressing, walnuts, and goat cheese. Sweet potato fries are for suckers.\nNew Mexico Spicy Pork Bowl- the most disappointing of the \"good\" dishes. I'd get it for the great value ($14 for a 2 pound bowl that will last you three more meals) and because the spices remind me of a dish my mom used to make with brisket... but it doesn't actually have much flavor. Eggs weren't cooked properly (one under, one over) and they don't actually go with the other ingredients. Hearty and comforting but underwhelming.\n\nSKIP THESE\nChicken Flautas- these were accidentally brought to our table, then comped, but tasted like they were out of a box in the frozen section. Not particularly crispy or flavorful, but plated in a fun way. Not a fan of the filling.\nJerk Shrimp Salad- the shrimp is blackened to greatness, but the salad itself fell flat. Dressing was bland and didn't tie the elements together. Ate less than half.\nDW Bloody Mary- $12 glass, split among our table of 3, still didn't finish it. The drink is 1\/3 garnishes (love that jalapeno bacon!) and the beverage itself is nicely spicy, but it wasn't great and we agreed we wouldn't get it again.\n\nService was professional. Most other parties appeared to be drinking heavily during their visit, so this is probably best experienced as a brunch place. Not sure if Id return without someone else suggesting it.