Fairly disappointed with Mountain View. I've been here before and had good experiences - I love that it's fully licensed, that there's an abundance of food and that there's a whole lot of parking.\n\nBut I'm really not a fan of how utterly chaotic this place can get and how poorly the staff can sometimes handle this chaos. For whatever reason you can't just put in your own names on the lanes - you've got to submit a sheet of paper to the already overworked counter staff with everyone's names before you get to bowl. Bummer, because I really like to make my bowling name \"Destroyer of Worlds\" but I had to settle for \"Joel\". \n\nI also HATE how they try to tell you your lanes are ready by announcing your name over the world's crappiest PA system known to man. Here's a thought: get those flashing disks that restaurants have. It's extremely noisy in your lanes because (as you might have noticed) people are BOWLING HEAVY BALLS AT PINS.\n\nI was arranging an event where over 20 people were planning to attend. I had tried to call Mountain View Bowling in advance to reserve lanes for what I knew would be a huge group. The response was less than stellar - Friday nights are league nights (why not make a weekday league nights? Aren't weekends when the everyman wants to go bowling?) and after league night ends it is strictly first-come, first serve.\n\nSo I figured I'd just try and show up early and reserve lanes. Nothing doing! This place is extremely popular (can't fault them for that) and by the time I got there, there were hardly any lanes to be had. \n\nI asked the girl behind the counter if I could reserve three lanes and I was promptly given the dirtiest glare. She talked to me like I had just punted her poodle off of a bridge. \"Um, yeah, it's really busy and there's a HUGE waiting list, so you probably won't get any lanes until, like, 10:30 and then there's a good chance you like, won't even get to bowl.\"\n\nGee, thanks. Super helpful. She asked if it was okay if the lanes were separate to which I replied \"of course\". She let out a huge sigh and put down my name. Well, sorry for inconveniencing you sweetheart. Next time I plan to bring a massive group of hungry, thirsty eager bowlers somewhere, I certainly won't trouble you with that burden.\n\nOff my group went to the diner area to wait for lanes.\n\nWe waited for awhile and then realized there was a perfectly good bar across the street that wasn't full of screaming children and teenagers making out - so we left and had beers at Richmond's who took GREAT care of us. \n\nI'll go back to Mountain View, but I'll do so knowing it's not a great place for big groups on weekends. Bummer, because that same big group is dying to go out again.