I really try to avoid chain restaurants whenever humanly possible but sometimes, it's unavoidable; especially when you have kids. I do my best to avoid them because you always get the same service and food....and sometimes that's NOT a good thing. \n\nCase in point...The Red Robin.\n\nWe went to Red Robin at Arrowhead this week and it was blah at best. We live near the Red Robin on Bell road just west of Litchfield Rd which is crap at best, but we happened to be near the mall and went here instead. \n\nWe went with a group of 6 of us. Our server was standard and did the bare minimum. Most of us ordered burgers, except my son who always orders the chicken fingers. It's a kid thing. I prefer not to eat red meat unless I'm going to a high end steak restaurant so I ordered a Guacamole Bacon Burger with a turkey patty. I don't know why I do this to myself because 99% of the time, it's a frozen turkey patty that is so overly salted it's practically inedible and that's pretty much how this one was too.  Normally I get the Red Robin Gourmet burger with a turkey patty and I'm fortunate enough that all the toppings mask the flavor of the patty. Not so much with the Guacamole burger. Now, you would expect that on a guacamole burger, there would be a good amount of guac on the burger since you probably aren't putting ketchup, mustard, etc on the burger. Not so. It was a chinzy amount of guac with 2 fatty slices of bacon on top of an over salted turkey patty. All this for under $10...lucky me.\n\nNow, I don't know what's going on at Red Robin lately, but they used to give you a substantial amount of steak fries in the plastic basket of fun. The last couple times I've been, I get like 5 fries and then I have to ask for more which takes way too long and I'm ready for the check by the time they come out. I'm glad the fries are unlimited, but give me enough to work with if you aren't going to wow me with your lack of stellar service.\n\nNow the one thing I really do enjoy about RR is the freckled lemonade. It's tasty, cold, and most of the time it comes out in neat twisted glasses. I say most of the time because they don't ever have enough twisted glasses clean to keep the glass consistent with the beverage. By the time I'm ready for my 3rd glass, I'm getting the basic soda cup. Gee. thanks.\n\nSo, I'll keep going back to RR because my son enjoys it and because I'm clearly a glutton for punishment. But that doesn't mean I gotta like it.