Never thought I would be writing this one especially after going here for twenty years. Getting a bad meal does happen but all four of us at the same time. What has happened to this place???. The server was not very good to say the least. Didn't seem to understand different meat temps(i think she was a vegetarian). Filet ordered med rare came out med, prime rib ordered med rare came or med I asked if they had any VERY rare prime rib before ordering, was told I can order it for you, asked if she could check to see if they had any VERY rare before ordering as I know very well that they run out if it early, and would order something else if they were out,  she insisted she could \"order it rare\" I repeated very rare and she insisted she could deliver, sure enough it came out med, not even rare, looked identical to the other one we had ordered med rare that was med. She said she would get me another, again I said if you don't have any VERY rare I will order something else. She brought me out another aside from being a very poor cut it was med rare. She was getting closer but still not rare let alone VERY rare. I asked if she knew what VERY rare was., she said would you like it \"black and blue\" seriously, prime rib prepared black and blue!! I said forget it I'll have the NY strip cooked VERY rare. She asked if I wanted it black and blue, I said no, but VERY rare. When it finally came out it was rare, still not VERY rare. But at least it was rare and it was a dry steak, not very juicy as was the filet one of us had that was also overcooked.  Overall the quality of the food served  was well below what I had come to expect after 20+ years of frequenting the place.\nWhen the waitress brought out the check she made a point of saying she took the prime rib that I sent back( because it was overcooked & she was to either stubborn or ignorant to see if they had any VERY rare) off the check(like she was doing me a favor) and replaced it with the NY strip that I ordered for an additional $8.  \nThere were more issues with the service but enough said, just a very poor experience at what WAS my favorite place in Scottsdale to get a great steak and always recommended it for the food not just the memorabilia. I guess that's all changed now.