WOW...let me start off by saying when I moved to Arizona and moved in to this place...it completely made me question my entire life...that is how AWFUL this place is and their staff is just ridiculously unprofessional, clueless and rude.  The moment you sign their contract, they treat you like $$$ and do nothing to make you a happy resident. The day we move in we see baby cockroaches underneath our kitchen sink cabinet.  We let them know, they call pest control a few days later.  More cockroaches....pest control comes again...More cockroaches....Then furious that I cant even use my kitchen, and me and my wife are terrified of sleeping near roaches, I demand that they break my lease.  Yolanda the wicked witch manager of Deer Valley tells me I cant break my lease.  I don't have the time or $ to spend on getting a lawyer so I let them bully me by telling me I can pick another apartment unit in this dump.  Well I went from a 900sqft, 2 bdrm 2 bath with a balcony, to a 2 bedroom 1 bath 700 sqft no balcony and tiny kitchen....She lowered my rent from my previous $900, to $895.  LOL for $5 less I lost so much apartment.  Then they promised me 4 DIFFERENT GARAGE SPOTS....4 because they were so unorganized they didn't know which belonged to who!!! I didn't even get my garage spot until 2 weeks after I moved in, WHICH IS AGAINST THE LAW to not give me everything in my lease within 5 days.  Still, I kept my cool.  Then my wifes car gets towed for parking in our garage spot...The reason being...their staff that constantly changes and is clearly borderline retarded, designated us someone elses spot.  So I wasted a day and picked up my car from the tow yard at their expense.  a month goes by and I get a credit collection agency telling me I didn't pay for the towing...WTF...spend a day or 2 clearing this whole mess up.  Then 2 months go by and this time a note on my wifes car in our NEW garage spot, saying you are parked in someone elses garage, please move within 24hrs or will be towed.  rvuwhnihgwehiowehiwe REALLY???? how unorganized are you fools? we finally get our 6th spot and so far no towing...Oh yes and did I forget to mention I found random little cockroaches, maybe 1 every month in our new place.  At least it wasn't an infestation like before, but hey, this whole place needs to be fumigated and the entire staff needs to be kicked out just like the roaches.  Oh yea and they never close any of their security gates for parking...I happen to live next to the dbag Harley Davidson club underneath my house in the garage...they love revving their annoying bikes really loud at 6am.  I go to the front office with package slips and they seem like they cant find them half the time.  They just flat out suck.  The staff that is in charge, should realize when you have so many unhappy customers, youre just really crappy at what you do. Go look in the mirror and bang your head into the walls for being so worthless and rude.