I have been to Turtle Jack's three times now and it's about time they got my Yelp. They have the best wings I have ever had, or can recall in recent years. I've eaten at every wing place in the city and I get the most satisfaction out of TJ's. \n\nI feel part of their success with their wings derives from the notion that they allow you some customization with your order, in addition to the fact that their so damn satisfying. For example, you have the option to order the \"Roasters\" - large wings, or \"Fryers\" classic style size wings. Secondly, you can have them \"Dusted\" - a light\/crispy coating on the wings, or \"Regular\" - as is. Thirdly! You can request that your wings are thrown on the BBQ to get that authentic Q flavour, or baked in the convection oven to really bake the flavour right into the wing. All these options are up to you, and although it may seem confusing or overwhelming, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out you want Roasters Dusted on the Q, or in the Oven. \n\nTJ's boasts a plethora of  sauces which are mostly damn good and simply named if I may add - simple wing sauces seem to be a thing of the past when nowadays you get sauce names like Farmer's Daughter and Montezuma's Revenge. Truthfully, I'm a sucker for corn rows and manicured toes, actually no that's Nelly. I'm a sucker for buffalo sauce on my wings, simply butter w\/ Frank's Red Hot. On a scale of hotness from 1 to 10 I'd rate Frank's at 3, I don't order Buffalo sauce for Frank's heat, rather the tartness which derives from the high vinegar content. It fuses with the butter so well I'm in heaven like Fred Astaire whenever I slay it. Damn it, I just drooled into my keyboard fak. \n\nBuffalo sauce at TJ's is called \"NY Butter Sauce\", and you can order it \"Extreme\" and they will make it a bit spicier for you. Other great sauces are their original BBQ, Hotter than Hot, Baton Rouge, Ross sauce (chili\/honey) and Red Thai Chili. Overall I reckon the wings to be bombness and I think I've spoken enough about them. \n\nNext we talk apps quickly. The onion rings are the biggest I have ever seen in my life. They are roughly the size of huge donuts and arrived perfectly crisp. I did however ask the waitress to ensure the rings were well done because TJ's fries are horrendous. They are not double fried so the insides are like mashed potatoes. Half cooked fries are probably my biggest pet peeve in the eating out game, and I have no tolerance for it. Onion Rings are great to share and I can not emphasize how big they are. The order will come with 5-6 rings, equivalent to probably 15 average sized ones. \n\nIn terms of steaks, ribs etc. at this restaurant I haven't tried anything besides what I mentioned above. The fried pickles are apparently incredible, however the price point is way off at $9.99, if I'm not mistaken you get 1 pickle cut into 6 pieces then deep fried. How did they come to that valuation? Kevin O'Leary of Dragon's Den would blast them if he found out. \n\nIn closing, a nice cozy spot to slay some wings, a remixed Kelsey's if you would. Be warned this Vogell location is a test spot so what you experience at this location or what you have read here may not necessarily carry through at other venues.