The Fig Tree is one of those restaurants in Charlotte you reserve for a special occasion or night out. It's not a cheap dinner, but the food and service are excellent, so expect to spend a little more and enjoy the slower paced meal. Expect to start with homemade focaccia bread, while perusing through the never ending wine list. Or, they have some great craft cocktails if that is your preference as well.\n\nYou'll have your choice of appetizers, with choices like carpaccios' (veal or beef), octopus, escargot, stuffed calamari, foi gras or a cheese plate. On this occasion (our two year wedding anniversary), we decided on the chorizo stuffed calamari. I'm a Rhode Island girl and a huge fan of the legit fried stuff, but these calamari come more authentic. If you've never tasted the rubbery squid, here's your chance. Filled with chorizo and eggplant with a red pepper puree, this dish is a memorable one. Great way to start the night.\n\nWhen you're at Fig Tree, you should be aware that the Elk Chop is one of the highest rated meals in Charlotte (https:\/\/www.thrillist.com\/eat\/charlotte\/best-things-to-eat-in-charlotte-food-bucket-list). And why not? It's a 14oz of a double-cut elk chop with horseradish spaetzle, braised red cabbage with smoky bacon, and a classic Boursin-Dijon sauce. Not only is a gorgeous site, it's very delicious. I can't remember ever having elk before, but it has no gaminess taste to it whatsoever. This was very flavorful and I'd definitely go back and order it again. We also ordered the salmon, which was cooked and flavored well. It's hard to compare another entree to the elk chop, but know that you'll get a delicious meal, overall. A side salad comes with your entree, and you can upgrade to a caesar salad or spinach salad for $3.00 additional. \n\nDon't miss the dessert menu either. The beignets seem to be what I always order, but they do make their own ice cream in house. I was eyeing the dark chocolate brownie bar for next time. \n\nThe Fig Tree does a great job of making you feel welcomed and respected, while not going over the top fancy. I find that it's the perfect balance and definitely worth checking out if you live in Charlotte!