Back in the tail end of August, I'd seen that Yelp is to hold an elite event at Current Meditation on the 14th of September.  I vacillated between signing up for the opportunity to join elites at the event and not joining since I already meditate at home on a regular basis (Oprah & Deepak's free 21-day meditation series that occur every two or three months; Calm app).  I visited Current's website to learn more about the business and see what could make me drive 30 minutes from home to try out its meditation sessions.  I'd read from Yelp friend Paula E.'s  review that Current offers \"aerial meditation\" and was intrigued, and after reading on CM's site that it also features gongs and singing bowls on longer sessions- you have the option of either 25 or 45 minutes, I was definitely excited to try a 45-minute session for free!  (I have singing bowls at home, but not gongs.)\n\nThe facility is very clean and has an air of a yoga\/health clinic. I kept expecting to see people emerging from hidden hallways perspiring from an exercise session that's just ended, but I didn't see any, hehe.  There is a wall of merchandise containing blouses, water bottles, and boxes of tea-- I'm assuming Mighty Tea, since there is a corner nook equipped with a hot\/cold water cooler, jars of MT tea, commercial paper drink cups, wooden stirrers, sugar and Stevia packets, and even organic candies for patrons to avail themselves of \"after the session.\"  This would be a nice way to de-stress waiting for the next session to start, I suppose, provided that there are caffeine-free teas to select from...  There's a cubby-hole bench where patrons may store their shoes in, as well as a lovely round leather-like ottoman between the bench and lockers on another wall, which has additional cubby holes for shoes.  You may use the lockers for more secured storage, and there's no need for you to bring in a combination padlock to use, or to secure a key to your arm since these lockers have their own built-in combo locks.  Nice touch, but I didn't feel the system is very secure since anyone can easily watch you choose your desired lock combo due to its design, and if you forget your chosen combo, there are keys that staff can use to re-open your locker.  Ah, well, enough about storage and onto the session!\n\nThe meditation room is kept dark and cool, with the gongs and HUGE singing bowls front and center on the stage at the middle of one wall of the room.  The lovely green silk hammocks hang from the ceiling, and I'd guess there are about ten of them, plus or minus two... I recall the meditation speaker saying that one side has people's feet facing one wall while the other side have their feet facing that particular wall so as to prevent people from swinging into each other.  I wish I knew about being able to ask them to swing the hammock to and fro with consent, but I read about that in another review just yesterday.  Now, I will give you warning that if you're like me and in need of regular massage and\/or regular stretching of back and pectoral muscles, then I strongly suggest you AVOID trying aerial meditation!  It's not very comfortable, but I already suspected it wouldn't be, and those foam floor mats looked very inviting, but I wanted to try the hammock for my review.  Everyone's encouraged to move around to get comfortable, whether in the hammock, or around the room, since if you aren't comfortable to begin with, then you won't be able to meditate properly.  I also wish that the speaker mentioned to me about being able to use any of the blankets if I felt cold.  I only knew of this benefit after I'd finished with the session.  So, dress in layers, or grab a blanket before settling down to meditate.  And what about those gongs and singing bowls?  They're my favorite part of the session!  The speaker warned that some people might find the gong sounds disconcerting, and it was a nice way to prepare those who aren't used to the instrument, but I really found the tones very calming.  (I have wind chimes with deep tones hanging inside my apartment!)  And those very large singing bowls were even more relaxing!\n\nThose of you who've scored YEE passes are in for a treat!