The service here is AWFUL!!  I had to just get that out.  I run a university alumni group and we have been going here to watch all of our football games this season.  This mean, every Saturday, 15-30 people show up and bring them business, stay for 3-4 hours, spend money on food and drinks, and we take care of our waitress who usually is Megan (she's awesome, PS).  However, Zipps is unwilling to reserve us any sort of area, give us any sort of drink or food specials and as of last night, they wouldn't even put our game on one of the 20 televisions in the entire bar area until the UofA game was over.  When I asked to talk to the manager, Jeremy, he copped a SERIOUS attitude with me.  He told me they have been more than accommodating to our group and we don't appreciate anything they have done.  He said he would turn our game on once the others were done.  Well, Jeremy and Zipps management\/owners, by me having to arrive at your establishment at least two hours early to ensure we have a spot, your staff telling me I cannot sit at a table unless I have a minimum number of people with me, me paying the same price as everyone else for everything on your menu, and then as of last night having your server put our entire group's tab on one person's credit card and telling us we have to wait to watch our game when there are 10+ alumni sitting there waiting; if you think that is ACCOMODATING, you are DELUSIONAL.  \n\nLast night was the last straw in putting up with their awful attitudes and service.  Ten minutes into the game, when they finally did put it on the TV, we had already paid our tab and gone next door to O'Clancy's where they had no problem giving us three big tables, drink specials and our game (did I mention it was the home team, ASU game?) on three big screens.  We will be moving our groups' viewing parties to another sports bar from this point forward.  In case you forgot, Zipps, sports bars are a dime a dozen and yours isn't worth ten cents.\n\nI know Zipps' owners have recently fired much of their staff and hired all new management and servers at their Kierland location, I think it is time you reevaluate who you have working for you at your Camelback location.  And, incase you deal with other alumni groups in the future, the two bars I have talked to since last night have been more than willing to reserve an area for us, give our group food and drink specials during our games, and always promise to show our games.  Remember, Zipps and Jeremy, football season may be half way over, but basketball season is just around the corner, and....our team is good, so we like to watch them.  That is 26 games that we will be watching from December to March, not to mention every Saturday from now until December 4 for football.  Man, sucks for you.  I guess your loss is someone else's gain.\n\nOh, and by the way, I'm a server and have been for almost ten years, so I know what accommodating is, and you are not it.