On this wet and wild Las Vegas Saturday morning to delay the pouring rain and wild driving environment I waited for the rain to calm down with a Farmer Boys breakfast. This would be my follow up visit at this location in the shadow of the Eastern McCarren Marketplace Walmart. \n\n   As soon as I stepped inside, my mind was transplanted from Las Vegas to a barnyard. The farmyard theme permeates the lobby creating an interesting visit. The lobby is decorated with rooster statues, pictures, and other interesting barnyard memorbelia. At Farmer Boys, the barnyard theme is a good thing because the wait from order to table is approximately ten minutes. The restaurant boasts that upon the time of the customer ordering they make the food. \n\n   Regardless that Farmer Boys makes the food fresh and allegedly use the freshest ingredients; the format is fast food. Just like in Carl's Jr., the customer peruses a menu above the counter and orders. After paying, the employee hands you a number to bring to the table. Disparate from a handful of fast food chains, Farmer Boys features an expansive selection of all day breakfast and lunch\/dinner items. I would get a taste out of both. \n\n    On my leading visit, I ordered the Big Cheese with fries and a beverage. In my opinion this was an ordinary burger that did not stand out from the competition of casual fast food restaurants. However, my opinion differs from several foodies in the Inland Empire. The My Fox LA Hot List Inland Empire voted Farmer Boys the best burger in the Inland Empire. \n\n   As I began the review, early this morning I went here for breakfast. Using the barnyard apology, the prices are nothing to cock-a-doodle-doo about. The rooster and barnyard theme absorbs the blow of the high prices. Take the breakfast I ordered. The three egg breakfast combo costs around $8.79. That is before you add a beverage. I cannot enjoy breakfast with a beverage. The small coffee added to the combo added up to close to $12. Another comparison is the BLT combo was around $10.75. That is astronomical for a restaurant with a fast food format. If it was not downpouring, it is guaranteed that I would have waved goodbye to the roosters and made a path to a full service breakfast eatery such as Egg Works, Has Houses, IHOP,  or anywhere. \n\n    This three egg breakfast also included ham, hash browns, and English Muffins. The ham stole the spot light over the three scrambled eggs. This was a decent size juicy ham. It is a good thing that I ordered this over the bacon or sausage. The shift manager who took my order delivered my breakfast and cup of coffee to the table. I appreciate that she would volunteer to refill my mug (not disposable) of coffee  and mentioned that she'd give me a to go coffee cup. For the record this was good coffee. \n\n   It appears that management might of read Gregg W's review. On my two visits they played oldies in lieu of country. Oldies and a barnyard theme create an upbeat atmosphere. \n\n  In conclusion I am not in a hurry to return here. Management needs to do something about the high prices. A possible and realistic solution is to include coffee with the breakfast combinations. In similar style to my three star reviews there is a return factor. During my public check-in, my Yelp friend Travis asked me if I tried their breakfast burrito. It is possible that I would return here for a breakfast burrito made with fresh ingredients or to try their large onion rings. What is certain that, I Daniel. S rate the Eastern McCarren Marketplace Farmer Boys Three Stars.