STAY AWAY from this company. They make all the promises in the world to you but when the time comes to deliver, they fall short. On a recent move from Arizona to New York, my luggage came in over a week after the time I had requested and every time I called for updates, I was told someone will call back. That never happened and I was just given another day and time they will call back every time I called them. It all started with the initial reservation. Not only me, but my mother also talked to the team emphasizing that I needed my stuff within a certain time frame and we were even open to them picking it up many days in advance. They picked up my stuff over three weeks before they actually delivered it. We even talked to the team and they kept assuring us that my stuff would get to my place at least a couple days before I was to start work. Since I was starting a new job in NY and the commute was over two hours, I needed my stuff to be delivered before my first day. However, when I called them a couple days before my \"First available day of delivery\", I was told that they do not go into the system and even look at my transaction until that day!!! How does that make any sense?!?! The first available day of delivery should be when they can deliver the stuff!!! After that day, I repeatedly called them every day for a week and they kept saying we will get back to you. Finally, they told me my stuff would come in over the weekend and the driver would call me 24 hours in advance. I waited all weekend for a call, nobody called, and I was left on my first day of work leaving my apartment not having anything I needed. The stuff came in on a day I was at work and the doorman had to let them in. Of course a couple of my things did not show up but they said they cannot do anything about it since someone signed for it. At that point, I could not even leave work to come check my stuff since it is 2 hours away and that was made clear to them before I made the initial reservation. I will never recommend this company to anyone I know and will make sure that none of my friends or family book a reservation with American Home Movers.