If I could give negative starts, I would. Grab yourself a cup of Earl Grey as I tell you about my worst car buying experience, and one of my worst overall experiences, actually. I did a lot of research and decided on a particular model of car. It was a Honda, which I have owned a few of and love. Please remember that this is not a reflection of the quality of these cars. They are superior. I went into the dealership and was met by a salesman. I explained that I knew what O wanted, that I had perfect credit, wanted the 0.9% financing as a result, and that I had researched my trade value and would not be lowballed for that. I asked for an honest car purchase and spelled out my terms. I looked at inventory and test drove cars. I chose a car and while outside, my wondrous salesman told me he would be able to take off the dealer add ons which were thousands of dollars. I am talking window tint and Scotch Guard type spray all over everything. He promised me the car I wanted and the terms I wanted and gave me quite a bit of money off the car. Then the magic began. The magic called Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde meets Honda. Because suddenly my supersalesman became super sneaky and started the \"how much a month can you afford?\" BS. I reminded him that I had not come for BS. I wanted the car at the price quoted to me outside with decent trade in and at the 0.9% interest rate. Shortly after, the manager became involved, and I was handed a spec sheet, suddenly all the addons were back in the price, the trade in was beyond the lowest allowable, and the monthly payment was almost $800!!!. I was getting pissed off at this point. I said, \"okay, guys, back to the beginning. I want the car at the price quoted, with $ trade in at 0.9% because I have perfect credit.\" I took a picture of this worksheet because I needed to remind myself how evil people can be. The interest on the loan on the first \"worksheet?\" 10.9% !!!!  They came out with another sheet, had taken off HALF of the addons now, and bumped up my trade in, still low, but the interest rate was 8%. Did they think I would become blind during the sale? Or stupid? I mean I was being rather clear about my expectations. So this went on for many hours. Seven total, actually. Finally, after piles of BS were cleared away I got the car I wanted at the price I wanted at 0.9%. I explained to them that their practices were cruel and unethical and that I feared for old\/vulnerable people who might walk through their doors and be unable to manage the level of untruth and manipulation at this dealer. If I had gone with first quote I would have paid more than double for the car. Then, after all this, they had the ba--s to tell me I would be getting a survey, and if I answered all 10s, they would give me a free $70 oil change If I didn't, no oil change. This is blackmail, coercion and unethical. Well, the business office was better behaved and did not go overboard trying to sell me the million dollar premier extended warranty that I was expecting. I said no and they listened  So amen to them. Well, I waited and waited for my survey, because I don't care about my free oil change, this dealership needs some training. But it never came. No survey. I now the dealer had my email because they sent me lots of stupid ads and messages. So I contact Honda and the dealer had given a fictitious email to Honda corporation. The e-mail given to Honda for me to get my survey does not exist. I told Honda I had a lot to say and requested a buyers survey,  but I still have not gotten my survey, so the turkeys got away with this. I am sure there are decent salespeople at this place, but they need to realize that every person working there represents their place of business. Consider yourself warned. And Showcase, do not bother me with your e-mails and \"I am sorry let me speak to you BS\" it is too late. I would never let anyone I care or don't care about do business here.