It was the Big Taste a few weeks ago but unfortunately I don't have the kind of income to really take advantage of all the unique restaurants participating in the event. Fortunately, my lady friend Chloe P. is the bread-winner and showed me a bit of pity by treating me to dinner at Candela. Cool! Food always tastes better when someone else pays especially when they're as attractive as she is!\n\nLet's talk about the restaurant first. For starters, they have their own parking lot which is a huge deal because parking on 4th is a monumental pain in the ass on weekends. The actual building itself used to be a sandwich shop but they did a good job of dressing it up and making it swanky as hell! I particularly liked the massive bar in the center of the room that is directly under a massive skylight. The libations were tasty and pricing was at par with every other ultra-fancy lounge in the city. Overall, I found the space to be rather intimate and not too noisy and I would rate it as a good spot for a date or a relaxing dinner with family and friends.\n\nOn to the food. As I stated, we were here for the Big Taste so the menu was pre-set. I actually went in without a clue as to what we were in for so it was all a surprise for me. The Big Taste menu was a four course meal. First course was calamari and a light salmon crudo. Second course was chicken tacos and a beet salad. Third course was the braised veal and the papas fritas. The final dessert course was the bunuelos which are like tiny round donuts with a dulce de leche sauce (oh damn, my favorite). By the end of the meal we were left wanting more. Not more food though because we were stuffed but more flavor! Don't get me wrong, all the food was good and you can taste what they were trying to do but it all tasted a little too safe for me. Throughout the evening I was thinking \"this would have been orgasm inducing if it had a little more of this....\". Take the calamari for example; if I was able to taste a little more sweetness from the toasted coconut it would have been the most unique calamari I might have ever had!\n\nCandela is pretty good, overall. They probably would have gotten more stars from me if I didn't go for the Big Taste Menu items and ordered for myself because truthfully I wouldn't have ordered any of the items served to me if I had my own choice. I'll definitely give Candela another shot in the future and I expect to modify my review favorably. Next time I'll set my targets on the scallop ceviche, pork tenderloin yakitori, chicken liver and the eggplant