The spa as a whole package is wonderful. In order to get the full experience, you really have to come in early, and plan on staying past the time of your treatment. If you book a 1 hour massage, plan on being there for 3 hours to really get the full experience.\n\nThe staff are very welcoming, and you are shown to your locker, which is stocked with a fluffy robe, and towels. They will ask your shoe size and find your exact fit for you. They also have cold bottled water, and some juices (orange, cranberry) stocked in the mini fridge in the steam area. In the steam area, there's dry steam and wet steam, both great. Best of all, outside the steam rooms is a basket of iced wet towels, so you can drape over your eyes while in there. They also have a mini hot tub, which is actually a bit teeny...Two heated \"S\" lounge chairs for you to splay out on. There's towels everywhere, and never a dirty towel lying around, so kudos to the cleaning staff!\n\nAfter wallowing in these extras for at least an hour, they will have someone come collect you to the \"inner\" waiting area. This area is co-ed, so....y'know, don't have everything hanging out! It's quiet, dim and generally getting you mentally ready for your treatment. I've gotten a Deep Muscle Massage, and an Aromatherapy massage before. Both were fine...not the BEST I've had. The massages would be given 4\/5 star, since they didn't have any lasting effect past the same evening.\n\nAfterwards, you are provided with some water, and invited to the Meditation room that features a wall waterfall, some chaises and pillows and a blanket. I don't see why this room isn't CONSTANTLY stuffed with napping people, because I was ready to pass out.\n\nFinally, the showers are stocked with razors, shampoo\/conditioner, lotion. Then the make-up\/hair drying vanities have straighteners\/curling irons, gorgeous lighting, qtips, moisturizer, individual brushes, all that jazz. I always make myself a hot organic tea with honey, with a small bowl of trail mix (3 kinds to choose from, usually!) and take my time attending to my boudoir. \n\nExcellent place. I keep changing my star ratings from 4 to 5 and back, and that's  because the massages themselves were great, but not the best. Otherwise....5 star spa! The standard I hold other spas to!