What happens in Vegas... You drink more wine than a reasonable human being should consume in a week--much less a night. But you really can't help it. Far from a Wino (subjectively speaking), it's all just far too tempting. The sommelier is extraordinarily attentive--and why not, he knows that he's got you is his cork calloused fingertips. In fact he was at our table for so long, at one point he had to politely excuse himself to tend other diners. No matter, we were well on our way to an intoxicating evening of--wine of course. I mean there's dining here too, and some it rather good. But you'll undoubtedly have too much wine to remember the sustenance.\n\nI went with a group of friends in town for the Retail Tobacco Dealer  Association's annual trade show. Two of my accomplices were retailers, three were tobacco account executives, one doctor--and his date--and I make eight (\"here on Gilligan's Isle!\"--ironically for about a \"three hour tour\"). Being in the good graces of the Charlie Palmer restaurant family, we got the table in the back by the swan pond, three servers, two visits from the manager, and one gratis mid-course from the chef. But all of that paled in comparison to the--say it with me now--\"The wine\". Our resident expert requested the electronic wine list (they actually let us keep it at the table the entire night). The sommelier opened our two corkages then brought out several cheese plates and the first two of of our six additional bottles as we headed for wine utopia. Even the one member of the party who doesn't drink had to get in on the action. He took a sober whiff of several glasses but stayed securely buckled on the wagon.\n\nNow the cheese plate was an ample variety, specially paired with our first four bottles of wine. My appetizer (see photos) was the most beautiful seafood manifestation I have laid eyes on, so much so that I had a brief moment of regret to corrupt its perfect presentation. The chef delighted us with a mid-course sampling of braised duck that made me long for a full entrée.  And the dessert tray was a divine cornucopia of sorbets, cakes, and other candied concoctions. Yet conspicuously absent from my recount are main courses. That is not to say there is nothing to speak of, but in comparison to the grandness of the ancillary offerings at Aureole--there really wasn't anything to sing about.  Perhaps due in part to the fact that, we were forced into the tasting menu since Aureole refused to split the table orders. We were decently satisfied with our selections from the tasting menu but acknowledged that we wouldn't remember it beyond our nightcap at the blackjack table. And with the check plus gratuity grossing $1600 ($200 per person--a significant portion of that being wine) you want to have more to talk about than the wine, the wine computer, the wine pairings and the wine steward.