I have been here with my wife for just under a year now. We'd rather be homeless. \nFirst, the front office, there has not been a day where something hasn't worked. Our microwave was manufactured 26 years ago same with the oven and the refrigerator. Those were the replacements they gave us from the garage they kept them in. We have a sever bug problem which I have asked and asked over and over again to be taken care of and they refuse to comply. They never and I mean NEVER \"cater\" to the residence and they advertise. We were told that when moved into my our bottom floor apartment the walls were \"condo-spec\" and it would be always peaceful. NOPE! FALSE! WRONG! Each tenant above us has been moved out due to us complaining because the front office thinks it okay to put Godzilla above us who fornicates constantly and I HAVE TO HEAR THAT EVERY MORNING!!!! They are never ever ever ever nice or compliant or even smile. I mean for goodness sakes.... SMILE!!!!\nSecondly, the parking. do not get me started on this poor excuse of garbage. I've LITERALLY had death threats written on my car for parking in a covered spot. Mind you parking is \"free for all\". Nothing is assigned. My life has been threatened over a parking spot. I informed the front office of this and they did NOTHING!!!!!  I live in constant fear here. Security?!? What security!!???!  People walk up to our bay window and just look in as if it's okay!!! \nBy law if the property is evaluating inspections they are SUPPOSED TO GIVE 24 HOUR NOTICE!!!  You guess it, nope. \"Maintanence and property owners literally did not announce themselves and walked in on my undressed wife. And I spoke with the front office and they DEEMED ME AT FAULT!!! \n\nThird, maintainence. HAHAHAHAA are you serious?!?!?  They picked up some Mexicans from Home Depot and said \"okay go for it\". No one spoke a word of English. No one got anything fixed. My sink, broken. My fridge, broken. My dryer, broken. My sink in the master, broken. My shower door, broken. Did they come to fix, nope. \n\nAll in all, I'd honestly have a really bad cocaine addiction than live here. If you're considering living here.... Go down to your nearest 7-11, find their dumpster and boom you have something much better than this place.