I've been debating this review all week since returning from our three-night stay.  In the end I think I had five-star expectations, but got a solid three-star overall experience.  I doubt I will stay at Wynn again.\n\nFor starters, we got a great off-season rate:  $139 for two nights and $219 for the Saturday night.  I think my disappointment would have been more pronounced had we paid the peak-season rates.\n\nThe room was very spacious and I would consider living in the well appointed bathroom.  The room was clean and the bed was comfy.\n\nThat said, here are the tidbits that I think soured my grapes:  We, and many others, had to check in twice.  We arrived early, around 1:30 p.m., stood on line and learned that there weren't any non-\"smoking optional\" (how is this NOT a smoking room??!!) rooms ready, but they went ahead and checked us in and said they would phone when our room was ready.  Ok, fine, check-in isn't until 3:00, I get it.  So we had lunch at Red 8 and waited around for our phone call from registration.  We finally got the call at 3:15, but had to queue up again to pick up our room keys.  There's got to be an easier way.  And, like I said, it seems many others were in the same boat.\n\nWe suspect it was music reverberating from Tryst that kept my getting-over-a-cold wife up until 5:00 a.m. Saturday night\/Sunday morning.  I can't imagine she was the only one affected by the noise, as half the hotel faces Tryst's lair.  Her subsequent protestations to management were duly noted, but hardly redressed.  If your night club keeps your guests awake all night, well that ain't a good thing.\n\nThere were odd moments during the stay when I could clearly hear conversations and could identify television programming in the rooms adjacent to ours.  I was not at all expecting any paper-thin-wall moments, but there they were.\n\nThe maids kept arriving for turn down service earlier and earlier.  The last evening they showed up at 4:30.  This seemed odd.\n\nWhat Wynn giveth, Wynn taketh away.  The great rate we got was greatly offset by the fact you cannot get out of any of the casual dining spots in the hotel for less than $20.  Should I pay $17 for two coffees and a croissant?  Well, the only other option is to leave and go across the street to Starbucks, so I guess I should fork over the cash.\n\nI've always enjoyed the casino floor at Wynn.  It's huge.  The table minimums are too high for my wallet, but if that's what keeps the rabble away, then I don't protest.\n\nOn the plus side, we splurged for room service one morning and it was fantastic.  I had the breakfast wrap, which was enormous.  Same for the wife's portion of French toast.  Delivery took less than 30 minutes and the service was professional and friendly.\n\nAll in all, a good stay, but by no means one that left me eager to return.  I stayed at Bellagio on my last trip and have much better memories of that experience.