Have you tried looking for a periodontist in Phoenix?\n\nMe too.... and if you've had my experience. You know it isn't easy, there's not a ton of information available online, and you really want to make sure you make the right choice.\n\nI came to Dr. K. (trust me, I still can't properly pronounce his last name - something he doesn't seem to mind) at the referral from my dentist. To be honest, I had a consultation for the recession of my gums  on several teeth nearly a year before, and left the other specialist's office with an uneasy feeling that haunted me for some time.\n\nMy dentist assured me that Dr. K. and his office staff were a notch above the rest, and I'm glad I took her advice.\n\nI had a consultation and as previously diagnosed - gum grafts were in my future. Starting to feel uneasy again (and made no better by googling gum grafts - which, do yourself a favor and take both mine and Dr. K.'s advice and just.... DON'T) I scheduled my procedure. I had opted for the Alloderm grafts that Dr. K. specializes in (opposed to a more invasive, significantly more painful sounding procedure previously offered to me in another office). Needless to say the next couple of weeks were a countdown to what I was sure to be a horrific experience. Up to this point, I had never had extensive dental work done and my neurosis and anxiety were getting the best of me. Plus, my incessant googling (again... DON'T do it) trying to find some other soul who had a decent experience with the procedure was nowhere in sight.\n\nThe big day arrived, and I showed up properly medicated. The expectation was set very clearly I would be spending most of the morning in the office (13 teeth is a lot of work). I head back, put on an eye mask, pop in my headphones to start pumping jams..... and that was about it. Several hours (and one quick bathroom break) later and I was done. The only major discomfort I had throughout the procedure was some sharp pinches when they gave me the numbing medication.... but that was really about it. I was a little dizzy, I assume from the anxiety medication and time in the dental chair, but much to my surprise, the horror I had read about online wasn't what I was experiencing. \n\nI headed home confused as to why this procedure sounded like a scene from a horror movie online, but for me it seemed like a romantic comedy? (ok - kidding here. but seriously, it wasn't nearly as bad as the internet would lead you to blieve it is) \n\nI'm not going to lie and say the entire experience was all unicorns and rainbows (reference above - gum grafts on 13 teeth - clearly there was some swelling and mild discomfort with the stitches), but nothing that wasn't manageable with the medications they provided me. I'm also not a big fan of the soft\/easy to eat food diet while having stitches in my mouth... but was made aware there would be some restrictions during the recovery process.\n\nSo finally, the big day of removing my stitches came. That lovely Snickers bar I had been lusting over for weeks was finally within my reach. A little extra time in the chair getting the stitches removed and I was done. Believe it or not, I'm not a gum graft expert. But I can say I do notice significant more coverage on the teeth that were worked on, and couldn't be happier with the results.\n\nOf course Dr. K. also performs other miracles, which I can only assume have just as fantastic results. The fact is, throughout the entire process the entire staff went above and beyond my initial expectations of what it was going to be like going through this procedure. Thank you Cynthia for taking my calls with tiny questions and making me feel at ease, and thank you Lory for being a fantastic assistant and keeping me calm through the process as well.\n\nI would without question recommend Dr. K. and his staff is you're needing some work done. They really are a notch above the rest and I am happy to have chosen them for this procedure I had been previously dreading. Thank you for the 5-star experience!