I was very disappointed in my experience with this company. I decided to check out this gym because I saw a Groupon online for unlimited classes for about $49 a month. When I arrived there was noone available to greet me at the desk.  As a newbie to crossfit I wasn't sure where I should go to warm up or where to put my gym bag. The building where the classes are held has very poor air conditioning if any at all. It was very hot and uncomfortable. There were about three instructors working  that day. It was a Monday at 6:30 PM. There was not a sufficient number of instructors to adequately handle the members. The instructors were not friendly when they finally greeted me and did not explain how to conduct the warm-ups. I have been working out for over 10 years, I have participated in many sports over the years from flag football, volleyball, to track and field. I have also worked at a gym for four years.  I am not unfamiliar with warming up but from what I observed crossfitters warm up in an unconventional way using pvc pipes. It would have been nice to have instruction and order. \n\nThe website states that your first workout is \"always free\" and yet when I explained to the person who was completing my fitness assessment he tried to pressure me to surrender my groupon. I let him know that I wasn't sure I was going return for a second class. I also reminded him that on the website it states the first class is always free. After we went back and forth about this fact I finally decided to just look up website on my cell phone to prove to him what is stated. He then changed his story and said the free class only applies to people who are coming in for the full membership of $150 a month so if I wanted to free workout \"I could go ahead and pay full price\". I told him I can give my Groupon to a friend if I decided not to return and he can just consider me as seeking a full membership and I am undecided. At that point he said \"just forget it\". \n\nWhen I got home I went back onto the website to see who is the owner of the gym and he was the owner! Consumer Beware gym is very unorganized in very poorly run. I thought it was very unprofessional that the owner did not want to honor his free first workout simply because I had purchased a groupon. Also, I wish it has specified on the website that your first free class is actually a fitness assessments and you don't even get to experience what an actual class is like. I ended up contacting Groupon directly and the refunded my purchase  This owner's customer service skills are lacking.