This gem of a fine dining experience (with a casual dress code) sits deceptively tucked next to a Subway\/Winchell's in an office park. \"I think it may be closed,\" said Mike, as we parked the car and took in the dark windows. We realized someone was inside but, taking in this modest exterior and the lone man at the door, we already feared the awkwardness of leaving if we didn't like the look of the menu. \n\nThe menu is described as seasonal, and unfortunately it isn't officially available online, but on this night it was very similar to what websites have posted. We decided to stay.\n\nAnd as we stepped behind the wall, we could only laugh at ourselves from 60 seconds before. Although the atmosphere was pleasant and calm, any later on this Saturday evening and we might've needed reservations. \n\nIt was easy for this vegetarian and her picky husband to find interesting items to eat. (Although I wish a meatless pasta option had been available on this occasion.) Our server had such a welcoming demeanor that I didn't mind listening to him describe the specials (and I do mean describe). He lovingly outlined three appetizers, two salads, and three main dishes. (And, later, three desserts, but desserts deserve their own paragraph.)\n\nWe started with one of the special appetizers, shishito peppers and pepper aioli. I still don't know how I feel about sauteed shishitos, but they were fun to try. The amount of bitterness varied quite a bit from pepper to pepper, but they were so expertly prepared that the bitterness was possibly a feature.\n\nThe bread basket (two walnut slices, two aromatic white) looked like its contents might be a bit dry or tough, but neither was the case. The bread is subtly tasty, but I strongly recommend not filling up on it as there is so much else to try. (So don't be a doof like me and agree to a refill.)\n\nMike and I both ordered salads: his a simple mixed greens affair, mine arugula with candied walnuts, pears, goat cheese, and citrus vinaigrette. The dressing was bright and pleasing (I sound like Alex Guarnaschelli), and the salad was delicious overall, although I didn't quite taste any special treatment of the walnuts. One thing I appreciates is that the (again, excellent) servers timed everything well, so we really got to enjoy our salads. Lately, everywhere we go, we seem to be a third of the way through the salad when suddenly the main course shows up. Is this a new thing? If so, Table 34 has successfully dodged this trend.\n\nFor our main dishes, Mike got the special baby back ribs with apple-cucumber slaw, Cajun fries, and a slice of watermelon. I chose the wild mushroom pizza. My other vegetarian options were a different pizza (margherita style) or a vegetable and eggplant stack with two cheeses. \n\nMmmm. Tangy. Herby. Cheesy. Scented. Mmmmm. Every bite was a winner. (I was too blissed to listen to my husband exclaim wonder at how the meat just fell off his ribs.) The pizza style is somewhat Napolitan, a short, puffy edge with a thin base. However, no part of it was soggy, which is too often my complaint with thin pizzas. Even Settebello, a quality establishment, disappoints me with their wet middles. This pizza had all of that same taste of quality ingredients while not requiring that I get out a spoon once an inch away from the outer crust.\n\nThat said, I did eat some of the cheesier parts of my pizza with a knife and fork, conscious of my surroundings. Patron dress was everything from button-down shirts and smart blouses to casual shorts and sandals, and I'd happily visit again in jeans, but the upscale vibe and atmosphere just naturally nudges you into not being a heathen. (And if it doesn't, hopefully you have a wife to nudge you into taking your elbows off the table. My husband will recognize the value of my nagging someday, I'm sure. Perhaps during the eulogy.)\n\nI only ate two of the smaller pieces of pizza because I *had* to see what the chef would do for dessert. One of the assisting servers boxed my pizza (in a traditional pizza box, even), and we were presented with the dessert menus and the three specials.\n\nThank goodness for those specials because one of them was a tasting trio of three of the desserts: vanilla bean creme brulee with berries, flourless chocolate cake with raspberry coulis, and lime tart with pecan crust and lemon curd. The clear choice!\n\nThe waiter brought a spoon and a fork for each of us, in case we wanted to share. (Mike swore that he was too full.) And, not to be fixated on cutlery, but the dessert spoons were perfect! Long handles, small bowls - okay, maybe this is my lonely fetish, but expect a photo to be uploaded shortly.\n\nEach item was outstanding. I can't even pick a favourite. None were unusually fancy, but again, you could taste the sound ingredients and skillful preparation. Suffice to say that my \"too full\" husband and I were soon engaged in a spoon fight to claim territory on the plate.\n\nI wonder what's on the lunch menu...