Day trippers, lushes, over-indulgants, degenerates, sex addicts..... Las Vegas.\n\nI've had a difficult time summing up my recent year-end escape to Vegas. In short, it's been a difficult 2010. What better place to close out the year than by soaking in all of the excess that Vegas has to offer? \n\nFor the most part, just the idea of Las Vegas isn't my cup of tea. Everything about it seems fake and overwhelming. A land of false hopes and shattered dreams. Yet a place where the lost souls could fit in and escape the monotony of normalcy. Maybe that's what attracted me? How paradoxical.\n\nFor 4 days I stumbled up and down the strip, listed to Fat Elvis belt belt out timely ditty's at Bill's Gamblin' Saloon, witnessed midgets dressed as Leprechauns berate passerby's, got solicited to accept prostitution advertisements in the form of baseball cards, stood in endless lines for gluttonous buffets and quite simply, just soaked in all of the excess and debauchery around me. It should go without mention, a normal person would only be able to handle so much of this before going completely mad. \n\nThat said, an escape was in order. Our group decided to take in a show; Le Rêve at one of Vegas' most high-brow casinos, The Wynn. Le Rêve (The Dream in French) is a famous painting by  Pablo Picasso. That was about the extent of my knowledge of the show going in. \n\nWhat followed was the most awe-inspiring, trippy, outrageously unique live performances synchronized to music that I've ever been a part of. Words cannot adequately explain the creativity and hard work that must've gone into this in order to result in the show that followed. The stadium itself was circular, like a mini Roman Colosseum, lending to not one bad seat in the house. The circular centered stage floor was powered by hydraulics, often moving up and down to allow more or less water to accommodate the show's story. The actors, or more appropriately described as acrobatic artists, flung from the rafters, secured only by unobtrusive cables and harnesses. Lighting, music and colorful props helped in aiding the rest of the show. The results? Jaw dropping wonder and savagely insane glory. \n\nLe Rêve was almost a dream. Or was it? It certainly seemed un-real. Dreaming big is essential in Vegas. The title is appropriate. This show puts even your craziest, most imaginative dreams in perspective. Check reality at the door, because this show will transport you to a magical world of wonder.