TALL PEOPLE BEWARE!\nI purchased the Sunday drive for my fiance ' s birthday last week. I made the point of calling the North Carolina office to make sure that the program could accommodate his 6'6\" large frame. The office assured me that they had cars that fit almost anybody and that as long as he wasn't taller than 6 foot six, and bigger than 4x he would be fine. \n\nThe day of his birthday I presented my Nascar crazed man with the information and he was thrilled. Right away he asked me about his size and I assured him he was fine. After all he only wears a 2x. \n\nWe arrived at the track and again he asked the manager again assured him he would fit no problem. Driving time came and he put on his fire suit which was far too big for him. When it came time he got through the window no problem but the crew had to stuff his head in to get his whole body in. They were literally shoving his head in! \n\nAfter some discussion back and forth I was surprised to see him climbing back out. It turns out his legs were so long they went far past the pedals and he hit his leg on the steering wheel when trying to shift... in other words he was way to tall. \n\nI felt so bad. Here was my man looking humiliated getting out of the car, ripping of his suit, looking like he wanted to die....on his birthday!\n\nThe manager offered a 10 lap ride along and free pictures and video, which I agreed to but later realized was a mistake because really who wants pictures to remind them what a horrible birthday you had. \n\nI emailed the office in North Carolina and shared some thoughts. I never heard back from them so I felt I should share it here.  First, they really should have some height and weight recommendations. I get they don't want to turn away prospective drivers but really they should have some parameters to give people so at least they have an idea. Frankly another driver that day who was six foot four said he barely fit. My fiance said there would be absolutely no way that a 3x or 4x would ever fit and he had no idea why they would even think it would be possible. He to this day has bruises all over his body from trying to squeeze in! It probably shouldn't be attempted by anyone taller than six foot four or heavier than 225 lbs.\n\nSecond, they should consider a mock up of a car cockpit in their office so that customers have an opportunity to sit in it before they get their hopes up and get dissappointed and more importantly before they get humiliated when they don't fit. \n\nOver all, the people who got to drive loved it. However it will go down in our personal history as the birthday we both would like to forget.