\"Authority\" keeps guard here, so this must be a fun one to review.\n     A friend was kicked out of this place for practicing 'pagan' rituals -- she pulled out a deck of tarot cards and began 'divining'. Whatever, the owner can do what he wants. Interesting point number two -- when this business first opened, the permit in the window indicated that a Church Organization was going to be built. Hmmm, so this is what you can do if you only pay 'church' taxes...\n     ...O.K. enough of the shenanigans. How is the business? Nice.  For instance, they are very allowing of unusual behaviour, dress, et cetera. If you are young and can't hang out anywhere, the House wants you to go there and hopefully become a member of the flock, so called. That's cool. I am all for 'false family' organizations, secret societies, and the like. \n     But what do I think of the product? For food, passably edible. But the business name includes the excitingly debatable notion 'Coffee'. So what is coffee like at the House? I will be honest and direct, for those of you who are not trained roasters. It's Fratello coffee, so it's 'Fauxcal' -- meaning that the company's marketing and advertising emphasizes the fact that it is a local company (in this case roasting the coffee), yet their secondary\/tertiary production is of a scale and order of magnitude operationally comparable to multinational corporate food production. Fratello's are now Calgary's coffee equivalent of Lakeside packers, or Cargill meats -- geographically they are local, true. Yet operationally and gastrointestinally there seems to be nothing in common between the product Fratello's produces and the product that specialty roasters such as Roasterie (10th st. n.w. Calgary), or La Vieille (Rue Y. Laurent, Montreal) produces.\n     All one has to do is a taste comparison. Having done so a number of times, I congratulate Fratello on making a product nearly indistinguishable from Phil and Sebastian. In fact, Fratello's espresso is more palatable than P&S's. But to compare either businesses product to an actual micro-roasted, local coffee is similar to comparing Black Diamond's Hickory Smoked Processed Cheese to a farm-sourced cold smoked Wensleydale. Different milks, even...\n     ...on that note I conclude my humble analysis of The House Coffee & Sanctuary. I was going to give it two stars, because Jesus seemed like a pretty good example of how to live -- then I realized that I'm reviewing a coffee shop, not a way of life. And they get their coffee from a manufacturer of 'coffee pods'. Right up there with Nestle, Maxwell House and Kraft. Keep expanding, boys.