Zero stars - Do not recommend\n\nI believe Beijing Dumplings only opened a couple of weeks ago; exciting news that another dumpling restaurant has opened in my neighbourhood. The space is small and cozy. Washroom seemed clean. Open kitchen so your hair will smell of the frying (mine does).\n\nThey are offering a 10% off Opening Special. Very small menu: only dumplings (meat or vegetarian), either steamed or fried. 10 dumplings per serving. You can order half steamed, half fried, and combine two different flavours - you will of course be charged the higher price. Each order comes with a small side green salad, and fruit for dessert. They have soy sauce, dark vinegar, and chile oil at each table. The prices range from $8.99 - $9.49 (or thereabouts).\n\nI ordered all pork dumplings, half steamed\/half fried. The dumpling filling was bland, so I had to dunk them into the vinegar\/hot sauce mixture I made. That's when I noticed that my steamed dumplings weren't cooked; the filling looked raw. I had eaten at least one, maybe two like this. *Insert gulp* The fried dumplings seemed better...but I really wasn't sure. I also overheard another table complain that their dumplings weren't cooked through either.\n\nMy server was very polite and immediately offered to bring me a new set of dumplings. This time, I asked for all fried...but when they arrived, I truly only had the stomach to eat about four. I left most of the dumplings untouched. I was feeling a little nauseous and headache-y, but I wasn't sure whether to attribute that to the sun (since I was sitting by the window) or to my soy sensitivity. I started to worry about food poisoning. The server had brought me two complimentary salads - one was a seaweed salad and the other I think was supposed to be picked daikon. The seaweed salad tasted off; the daikon salad had no taste.\n\nAll in all, a terrible experience. It has been over an hour since I left the restaurant and I still don't feel myself. But the server was polite and tried to react quickly. It's not her fault the cook didn't prepare the food well or properly. If this restaurant sticks around, hopefully they will get the cooking process corrected asap.