Drybar is one of the latest \"fads\" in hairstying. Their basic premise is to wash and style your hair with your choice of a limited selection of styles available through their \"lookbook.\" They do not cut, color, or perform any other services you would find at a regular hairsalon. They have their own line of products that they use. All information can be found either online or when you visit.\n\nThis place is not for everyone. When I went to visit them I spent a lengthy time inquiring about their services and to determine if they would be a good \"fit\" for the style I was looking for. I chose a basic bob style which was not in their lookbook and asked if it could be done. The staff was polite to answer my questions and told me they could do it but with my hair length it would need to be shorter. Remember they don't cut hair.\n\nI explained to them the number one importance to me regarding hair is its health and although my sides are thinning, the back of the hair had some body to it. In addition my hair is color treated and I was concerned about their products possibly stripping the color in addition to the fact it is damaged to begin with. They told me their products were safe for my hair, however, when I researched their line on the web, i saw nothing that addressed my concerns. Please note their products are pricey along with their styling tools.\n\nI also asked how long one of their styles would last? I was told up to a week as long as I don't wash my hair. If you like to wash your hair on a regular basis then this place is not for you. I also asked if I had my hair styled and if the outside elements were bad would the style hold? I was told there's no guarantee. Once you step out their doors, if it is windy, raining, you name it, your hair is going to suffer as a result.\n\nThey were kind enough to suggest I set up an apt with the manager who would personally do my hair. The cost as previously noted is $45.00 plus tip plus if you decide you want to go all out and add extras like an updo. They had told me most women come here for special occasions. The entire process I was told takes 45 minutes. If I got the manager to do it she would talk with me for 2 minutes and take it from there.\n\nYou either schedule an apt or walk in if available.  They also have a membership program if you wish to use them on a regular basis. I can't see that for myself. My hair grows and needs cut and colored treated every so often so this place is not something I would do regularly. They gave me their card with their hours and I thanked them and told them I would be in touch if I wanted something done.\n\nAfter I left I did some research and the truth of the matter is that there are some places you can go where you can get the same thing done in a full service salon for less money. Every place varies of course but when one is happy with her own hairdresser who knows all about my hair why should I go elsewhere? If I have that special occasion then I can discuss with her what would look good and decide whether or not an up do is really needed. I'm also not limited to 45 minutes. Sure, she has other apts but like most beauty parlors she works them in without shortening the time needed to complete her work on my hair.  She herself has told me that in spite of breakage in the front, my hair is healthy. That's the bottom line.\n\nThe place is very clean and well organized. I did not venture past the front desk since I finally decided not to make an apt. This concept is becoming more popular with the modern generation since it is a fast way to get in and get out. There are other businesses in the Pittsburgh which do the same thing.\n\nStill for me I must stress that healthy hair is most important to me. The only time I can ever see myself using these services would be if I was not able to get to my stylist or am out of town and needed something done with my hair fairly quickly. It's a lot of money to spend with a limited selection of styles. \n\nit is beneficial if you have longer hair and you are one who likes to go without washing your hair for several days. Still, they can work with any hair length. You can schedule online or directly in the salon. Located in the shoppes of Sienna Drive, ample street parking is available. Cards are accepted.