I would give Lifeworks a 3.5 if I could.  Here's the skinny. (no pun intended)\n\nCleanliness - 4 stars.  They're good.  For the most part, they're on top of stuff, and I almost always see someone in the locker room collecting towels \/ cleaning something.  My one compliant is the inside of the lockers in the winter.  People, put their nasty snowy, salty, muddy crap in the lockers & then I don't want to put my clean things in there.  Of course, this could be alleviated if people would just leave their nasty snowy, messy gear outside the locker.  Showers are clean, with good water pressure, and yay, you offer soap, shampoo, AND towels so I don't have to bring my entire bathroom with me when I come to sweat. \n\nFriendliness - 1 star.  Ok, you guys pretty much suck.  I was a member here a gazillion years ago & I left because I felt you were a bunch of stuck - up, pretentious, gym workers \/ goers.  You still kind of are, but now that I'm older (le sigh..) and less desirous of interaction with you weirdos, I'm generally okay with your lack of interest in my as a human being.\n\nEquipment - 3 - 4 stars.  Generally equipment is in good working order, clean, and functional.  I wish there were some more multi-use pulley system weight equipment, and maybe another squat rack or two, but for the most part the equipment necessary is there and functional.  You aren't getting a dirty, garage style here, and you typically don't get the power-lifter type here, so what you have is a.ok.  The cardio equipment is plentiful.  The pool, well the pool is great, even if you have to share a lane from time to time.\n\nClasses - I can't speak to the classes, cause I don't like classes.  If I did like classes, I might try the Tabata pool class, the TRX class, spinning, or yoga.  But I don't so don't ask me if they're good.  People do attend them and some appear to be VERY eager to get to the classes too.  \n\nCost - 3 stars. Eh, its ok for me at this point in my life.  The aforementioned gazillion years ago, they were over-priced if you asked me.  For me, it is about $55 a month.  I'm sure there is some wiggle room on either size depending on age, where you work, how many you're buying a member ship for etc.\n\nThat all being said, I'd give the place a 3.5-4.  It is the nicest place around with the services & classes included.  Its a grownup gym, not a rec center, and not your buddy's garage with his old rusty equipment. \n\nSweat on my friends.