*Sigh*  The problem with Yelp, and with people in general today, is that a negative review from a poster can result in needlessly scaring away potential patrons, which is a shame, especially when that negative review is based on ignorance and, to put it bluntly, a lot of cowardice from some people.  \n\nThe common criticisms about Toy Shack are the attitudes of the people working there, and the pricing.  \n\nTo begin with, I can understand some people's frustrations when it comes to the staff's attitudes, because not everyone is going to get along, however I'm willing to bet that these are isolated incidents that don't necessarily apply to how they treat everyone else.  For example, I first visited Toy Shack a couple of years ago during new-job training in Las Vegas.  The staff immediately welcomed me and offered their assistance.  I spent a good hour or so there and they were always willing to answer questions to the best of their ability, and they never hesitated to bring down a toy that was placed on a higher shelf; I had them going up and down that ladder quite a bit!  Since then I've visited Toy Shack on every trip I've made to Las Vegas.  During my most recent trip to 'Vegas, the young ladies working on my evening visit entertained my girlfriend with  A LOT of conversation, which basically saved my butt from having to deal with a frustrated date had she just stood around while I shopped.   Sounds like great service to me!\n\nNow, I'm not doubting that some people may have felt they  were being treated unfairly, however that was not the experience of my friends and I; we have always enjoyed our visits to the Toy Shack and will continue doing so.  Can they seem busy or indifferent at times?  Maybe, but keep in mind this isn't Wal*Mart or Target, with 20,000 employees running  around handling every little issue; this is a mom and pop store that can only have so many people working at a time and yeah-I can imagine it gets rough on occasion.  \n\nSecondly, apparently some people are upset about the pricing.  Herein lies the problem that most people have with the Toy Shack.  Yes, the prices are high-higher than you would find on Ebay or whatever other used toy venue you  could use, however the KEY to buying in the Toy Shack is KNOWING your toy\/product FULLY (content, specifications, current market values) and, pay attention here everyone, having the GUTS to talk to the store personnel including Johnny, in order to NEGOTIATE and BARGAIN a price point that is to your liking and the store's!  Just because that Barbie or Hot Wheel you're drooling over is listed at $XXXX amount of dollars doesn't mean it has to sell that way!  Ask them, and see what they have to say; the worst that can happen is they say no.  Instead, people would rather clam up, run out of the building like a frightened mouse and then in the safety of their homes, climb onto their keyboards, suddenly find their courage, and then rant and rave about how out-of-control and unsatisfactory their experience was at the Toy Shack.  RIDICULOUS!  \n\nIn summary, Toy Shack is a place that you can enjoy as long as you go in there with the proper state of mind.  I have experienced red carpet treatment there, and I'm sure that will continue as long as I frequent their location.  If you feel as if you're being mistreated, SAY SOMETHING!  Don't just act like a coward and run off to your  Yelp 'app to whine and complain, which brings me to my next point:  If you see something you like, and the price isn't to your liking, don't be afraid to talk to the staff to see if there's a deal to be made.  Sometimes it happens, others it doesn't, but that's how I've conducted business there and overall I'm a very satisfied customer.  \n\nThank you Toy Shack, I hope to deal with you again soon...