I have something serious to say: I had a cupcake and did not finish it. Now, I love sugar and adore cupcakes so what could go wrong with me set loose in a cupcake joint? \n\nI was meeting my brother in law downtown for dinner and walked past this place. I assumed they were closed because it was desolate. After dinner I walked past on my way to the car and noted that they were open for a few more hours! Awesome!\n\nI walked in and no one was there. It took a bit for the 2 employees to come out and I felt like I was bothering them. They were having their own conversation. Greet a customer? Yeah right. I asked a few questions, which were answered in between their conversation and we're not very helpful. I pondered just leaving but the pull of frosting was strong. I ended up with two cupcakes - salted caramel and their version of a Ho Ho. Never asked if we might like to stay there or have a drink (it is very cute and I wouldn't have minded staying). Also worth noting that mid-fun chat while retrieving my sugary goodness the employee didn't wear gloves. Yuck. Isn't that a health code violation? Luckily she seemed to only touch my (nicely oversized) cupcakes' wrappers but still kinda ick.\n\nSo to the real reason I was there - those cupcakes. I had the salted caramel chocolate  to reward myself (since rewarding with sweets is the sign of an awesome health educator) after a deadline. First, they're HUGE. The store name is right. I cut mind into portions. I expected an ooze of caramel filling and was disappointed. More like the bottom of the cake was caramel soaked. Bummer but I can deal. The cake itself tasted a little stale. It was dry and not super chocolate-y, it was rather bland. The frosting tasted a touch gritty, maybe that was the salt? There was a good amount of frosting but the taste was nothing amazing  \n\nI ended up not finishing the cupcake. I had no desire to try to save it, and I could easily finish it had I enjoyed it. I may gave them another shot but it's not likely. My minty tea (made at home) was much more fulfilling than a cupcake - thoughts I never thought I would have to write. Bummer