If I could have selected a minus 5 rating, I would have.  I also should have read all of the negative posts as I seems this is a pattern with this place.  This was supposed to be a children's facility where we could peacefully host our son's birthday party.  Instead our experience became an absolute nightmare.  The management, specifically the party planner acting as the 'manager' on a Saturday afternoon, was extremely rude and has no concept of customer service.  When we arrived at the facility to greet our 'party host', Jessica was unsmiling and we were curtly asked to wait.  We had 25 kids, (all between 3 and 6 years old) at the party and thank goodness there were enough parents watching their children because most of the staff would disappear into some back room.  Finally, I received our bill and it was too high, off by at least $100.  When I asked our party host to please correct the bill and then we could pay it, she brought the bill back two minutes later stating the manager had modified it.  When I looked at the total, it was still the same total but with modified line items.  I took the bill to the manager myself and asked her what was going on.  She insisted the bill was lower and that I was mistaken.  I tried to explain the math of adding and subtracting and she was unwilling to listen to me nor would she explain how they got to that amount.  She then immediately threatened me by stating that if I didn't pay the bill, she would contact the police.  I told her that was a form of extortion and I needed to speak with the owner, she called me a name and stomped off.  As I waited for her to return to pay the corrected bill and tried to speak with other workers, they indicated she was on the phone with the owner.  Thirty minutes later I turn around and a Phoenix Police Officer is talking to her.  I waited by the cash register for them to come over to me.  I don't know what lies she had told him but he came over and insisted I pay.  I am so disgusted by this incident and have never been treated so poorly by anyone.  This is a warning for everyone to double check your bill and ensure its accuracy.  Although, it seems they can simply call the police, tell lies and force a payment without any explanation.  I sent an email to the owner about the incident that same night about a week ago and never heard back.  I have a feeling she will after this post.  Then I read the other posts about the management bullying people to pay whatever amount. Please read this and do not host a party or go to this awful place!