So yesterday we went to Johnny Rockets....\nWe walked in to staff yelling Welcome to Johnny Rockets yey it seemed like a party! A party for ME! So I was excited when the cook yelled find a seat anyplace you like. I thought Oooo! So I went over to where I wanted to sit and the husband followed. Once in the booth that was all mine I put down my coach bag and pulled out my phone and checked in and gave a tip on yelp.com then it happen.\n He walked over gave us menus and lord he was such a downer. Hello he said I said Hi. Can I ask you a question he said if a girl breaks up with you after you buy her a apple 5 phone and then text you weeks later and said she was thinking about you would you take her back?\n I replied NO you must love your self and anyone willing to drop you is not for you. But I can tell your gonna take her back because if you and I were on the same page you would not be messing with me doing my dinner time to bug me about some girl who don't want u. She texted you and said she was thinking about you not that she wanted you back. Find a church and something better to do with your time because this girl is not for u. He laughed and said other people have told him the same thing. So I took a moment to pat myself on the back. I told him hey other people and I cant be wrong. If a million people are telling you something must be some truth to it. \nAfter that he went on and on about this girl about 20 mins later He's using profanity like he's not at work and I said to myself he has 3 mins to get away from my table before I ask to talk to his manager. \n  I was able to get him to bring our burger fires and onion rings (Please see my pictures) Now the husband ate his food soon as it got their. I on the other hand had to see my food go from hot to room temp because skippie or whatever his name is ugh Is still going on and on about this girl and asking me about this and that. So he gets a clue to leave so...I eat...& Oh wow I was blown away at how good this burger is.\n I don't know if I have angered the God's this week or what but Boy with girl issues comes back and gives a ticket I'm like look I want apple pie and my husband wants a orange shake so he opens the ticket back up and bring us the sweet stuff and I'm like ooooo! Its got a tooth pick in my apple pie a la mode that's different. Now skippie gave me a fork I was like it's dessert love I need a spoon. I had enough of that boy to be honest with you. I hurry up and ate and ran to the car. The food is extra good I will return for take out Lord knows I cant eat inside with hover boy all at my table with his million of problems I feel like my food should have been free. He needs a therapist all his problems sound like personal problems and I'm not trying to be mean but I just wanted dinner just a great burger with my husband. I swear this town seems to be bad at dinner. I can never have dinner with my husband in a peaceful manner. That's it I am gonna learn to cook at home. Eating out is driving me nuts eather they cant cook the food or they cant leave the table. Tonight I'm having steak and I'm cooking it at home myself. \nMy husband kept his receipt our server his name was Andre we sat at table 32\\1 our total was $38.35 almost 40 bucks for a dinner that was great but failed because Andre could not leave his personal life at home ugh! Yes I took a picture of my receipt. I give 5 stars total the food was great I didn't care for everything else.