Bottom line, visiting Momofuku Milk Bar Toronto was like meeting your favorite celebrity and having them be a jerk that refused to give an autograph.\n\nThe Momofuku Milk bar is really just a refrigerated room upstairs from the Noodle bar. It's a bit confusing if you are expecting a bakery type setting. I was very excited to visit as I am a big fan of Christina's recipes and creativity and had been reading about the Crack Pie and other goodies for years. I made a special detour on our trip (from Rochester, NY) to get over to it. Unfortunately I was very disappointed by the setup and treatment by the Noodle Bar hostess. \n\nI was made to feel as if I was a second class \"customer\". For one, you select your items from the refrigerated room, then have to go downstairs and pay at a barely-there register. We wanted to eat there, so we were told we had to go back upstairs to eat (even though the Noodle bar wasn't busy).\n\nThen there was the bag incident. As a fan of a store\/product, I like to have a nice bag to both show off my purchase (hello free marketing) and remind me of my visit. I could see the brown paper handled bags under the register. When I asked for a bag for our to go items, she grabbed a little lunch sack (not the handled paper bag). When I asked for a bag with handles, she grabbed a plastic bag. I then blatantly asked for the paper bag with handles and was told, \"those are for customers who buy a full cake.\" Mind you, cakes are $45. I spent over $20, but apparently that wasn't enough to rate a $.50 bag instead of a $.05 bag - and I certainly was made to feel I wasn't worth it with her attitude. What a crappy way to treat customers who are excited to show off your brand.\n\nMy daughter and I each had a piece of Crack Pie, and though it was pricey at $6 each, it was very delicious. We bought another cookie and some Cereal Milk (I had read about it but wasn't exactly sure what it was) to bring home. Neither were impressive.\n\nBottom line, it was like meeting your favorite celebrity and having them be a jerk that refused to give an autograph. They need to revisit the staff's attitude and their bag policy!