This review is specifically for the The Bay inside Fairview Mall. I don't ever write reviews but I am just so tempted after the customer service fiasco I encountered. \n\nAnyway, I came here on Monday with my co-worker and had inquired about exchanging a Marc Jacobs bag. I bought the bag at The Bay on Queen Street about 2 weeks prior but wanted to exchange it for one with gold hardware. I asked an associate if this was possible with just the receipt and bag (I had taken the tags off. I know, silly me.) and told her the bag was visibly in perfect condition as I never worn it. She said yes. Wonderful.\n\nCame here today, went to the counter with my bag and receipt and the associate who was doing the exchange (it was a different one than the one I had spoken to Monday) asked me where the tags were. I told her the story of what had happened a few days prior and she immediately told me there was nothing she could do. She told me the associate who I spoke with on Monday must have been \"new\" and \"didn't know what she was talking about\" which ended up being the most ironic part. She even grabbed another associate and now they were both telling me they absolutely needed the tags because, this is where it gets good, she thought I could have been trying to exchange a fake bag with a new one.\n\nI ended up leaving the store and calling customer service where they told me there should be no problem as there is a secondary tag sewn into the bottom of the bag. \n\nSo I went back in and told both of them what happened with customer service and they promptly exchanged the bag using the secondary tag. One of them pretended she had no idea that was policy. The other looked confused  and said \"oh sorry I didn't realize you wanted to do an exchange.\" Alright.\n\nTo sum up the customer service at the Bay (specifically the bag department): get your sh*t together and drop the high and mighty attitude. This could all have been avoided if you 1) just did the exchange instead of making up some BS excuses  2) asked your manager what the policies were if you were seriously that confused. Shoutout to the \"new\" associate I spoke to on Monday who apparently \"didn't know what she was talking about,\" you were the only pleasant one I encountered in this department.