3.5 STARS as in Pretty Good\n\n    Emily's Cafe is really Club Fortune Casino's Cafe. Yesterday it served my post-hike supper. I had spent the better hours of the afternoon hiking the Henderson trail network to the foothills of the River Mountains. I had used the Club Fortune parking lot as the trailhead. Subsequently to over eight miles of hiking, the right thing to do was support the business where I parked my vehicle. \n\n   What is so noticiceable about Emily's Cafe is what is unnoticeable: the cafe. It just blends in with the casino. There is very little signing, advertising, or interior design to draw people to the place. Hitherto the Yelp reviews, I'd mistake the undecorated white walled room of tables for a Bingo lounge. \n\n   There is better attention to the food and locals than the interior design that more resembles an Indian Gambling Hall than a Las Vegas casino. \n\n   Right from the get go I was cognizant that the locals appreciate Emily's Cafe. There was a line of locals waiting to enjoy some good food. Immediately after giving my name, the friendly hostess led me to my table of one. \n\n   On the table was a paper place mat that promoted the daily specials and March events. I included a picture of it below. Nearby was the menu loaded with comfort food at good prices. I was decided on the veal parmigiano with spaghetti in marinara sauce. \n\n   This is the first time that I have enjoyed veal parmigiano in years and possibly a couple of decades. I have had chicken and eggplant parmigiano but not veal. This is the first casino cafe where I saw it offered. At $9.49, veal parmigiano and spaghetti with soup or salad was a good deal. From the time that I ordered the Pepsi to when I left, Genise was a pleasant server. Genise let fall that the chicken with broccoli soup was made in house and was very good. My taste buds were in agreement. In similar fashion to Emily's Cafe being the first casino cafe to offer veal parmegaino, it was the first to offer a cornbread muffin. The cornbread muffin was a delicious compliment to the cup of soup. A few minutes further, Genise served the plate of veal parmigiano with spaghetti and shaker of grated cheese. The veal parmegaino and spaghetti were outstanding just like the trails I just hiked on. Tge veal parmegaino was one large slab of delicious meat with spaghetti on the side. I really didn't need the grated cheese. By the time that Genise handed me the check for $11.89; I was filled to the point that dessert was unnecessary. \n\n   Another observation is that the locals who support Emily's Cafe were friendly. When I was on line, a local gave me a heads up to give them  my name before waiting. After the meal when I was in the cashier line to pay and get change to tip the waitress, I intentionally left my jacket at the table so the waitress did not think that I was leaving without tipping. Anyways an older gentleman ran up to the line to hand me the jacket that he thought I left behind. There is definitely a community feel to Emily's Cafe. Likewise the nearby hiking trails that I spend time on are a part of the nature community. And when I return to the Saguaro Trail and nearby nature community, I could be headed back to Emily's Cafe.