WHO THE F*** USES YELP IN 2017?\n\nTL;DR - this school is a Darude Sandstorm out of 10\n\nYo, its ya boy Dolla J in da house, hitting you up with an in depth analysis of this \"whack\" (as the cool kids say) school. I would have to say, in terms of how memey this school is on a scale from \"all your base are belong to us\" to \"Donald Trump's hair\", I would have to rate this school a Darude Sandstorm out of 10. It can be pretty funny, as for example the cross country team gets high on shrooms every year, but the school itself is kind of a mess, as it is 100 year old building (just like how Darude Sandstorm is a 100 year old meme) that owes $1,000,000 to the UNIVERSITY WE ARE A PART OF (yeah contrary to popular belief, we are not a part of the University). Now before you dismiss me as a maniac who wrote this review on drugs (which would be the logical thing to do, as I am wasting my time writing a not really funny review of a not really dank school when I should be doing homework), I am actually an undercover Centennial student who got their way into Uni with the first ever 100 on the SSAT, so this review is actually completed unbiased. So without further a due lets get started with faculty and facilities.\n\nNow the facilities in all honesty kind of suck, because we are in 1,000,000 dollars of debt and nobody wants to give us money, BUT WE HAVE 6 MICROWAVES SO ACTUALLY ARE FACILITIES ARE WONDERFUL. Since the building was built back in the wee ages of people thinking that World War 1 would be the last war, we don't get warm water in the showers unless you wait 5 minutes, which was almost an immediate turn off for me until I heard about the microwaves. In all honesty, don't come to this school if you are looking for the top of the line tools to use for the science fair, because we don't even have a working color printer half the time. The staff on the other had are actually very solid, so if you think the facilities are a shredded marijuana leaf, THE STAFF ARE LIKE TASTY CRACK COCAINE IN COMPARISON. The teachers are always there for you, even if you don't want them there, like a sex offender living in a neighbor hood, except they don't commit crimes and they are actually pretty nice (although are all sex offenders mean? idk but either way this wasn't a great analogy so please don't kill me if any teacher manages to read this). Whenever you have a question or having trouble in a class, the teachers will actually help you get through it unlike the strict asian parents I know you have (yes reader, I'm acknowledging you). They will always make the content you covering kind of fun (well most of them, I didn't say all), and when it isn't you can just pull out your computer and play some MINECRAFT like the horrible student you are. So on the whole, the facilities are crap, but the faculty use whatever crap there is effectively to teach you about Lamborghi--- I mean KNOWLEDGE. But what knowledge do they teach you (hint its not lamborghini's, although Tai Lopez would make a very good economics teacher here)?\n\nThe KNOWLEDGE you learn can range from \"how do microwaves work?\" (actual quote from real science teacher who was asking un-ironically) to \"Once you die, you are forced to relive life till the moment you reach Nirvana, at which point you transcend reality and no longer become human, but an intangible form of happiness (actual quote from math class). Since everybody who goes to this school is automatically classified as a smart prick who owns an Iphone X, you would think that there isn't much to learn, and for the most part you are half right. Half the time I bang my head on the desk in boredom as the teachers go on and on for 45 minutes about stuff you already know, and the other half I actually learn a thing or 2, which I then promptly forget (how do I still have a 4.0 GPA is the real question). Thankfully, the teachers make the same stuff we learned in 7th grade somewhat more interesting, but I often just pull out my laptop and play League of Legends like the degenerate I am. That being said, you do have to be careful and study sometimes, because this school is like an exponential function when it comes to difficulty. If you think you could be Forrest Gump in subbie year, then good luck turning into Megamind by senior year, because that's who you have to be in order to get into an Ivy League. Thankfully though, they don't teach you about SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS which automatically makes it better then the school I went to before hand. This is the perfect segway into our final category...\n\nSports and other Extra Cirriculars (and a rant on health)! OH Shoot I have 52 characters left to write. Um, Health SUCKS, thatsit