First of all I'll start saying that my 1 star review is not completely fair and I'll explain why. Me and my husband have been going to Silvertone for the last 7 days at least and we had nothing but such a great fun time. At first what catch us was the super friendly staff (Lisa, Robert, Nick, Fred, Bridgid, Carlos, just to mention a couple names.). We're just novice Craps players who like to have fun and eventually make a couple dollars and that's what we've been doing until today, when \"manager\" MARSH came across our path. My husband threw the dice and it accidentaly went out of the table for about 2 or 3 times (it happens, right?) and apparently Mr. Marsh is too lazy to catch them when we call \"same dice\", which is a normal procedure at other casinos - please correct me if I'm wrong. \n\nWe gambled for at least 4 hours prior to this and had zero problems at all. His argument to kick us out (yes, that's what he did: he called security to kick us out) was that my husband was \"too drunk\" and that we could come back on the next day to gamble again. My husband was not drunk because I've seen DRUNK people everywhere here in Vegas, including at Silvertone, and we were nothing like those. \n\nWell, I'm VERY SORRY for Silverton Casino management and staff but we will never EVER come back again to this place (except to make a formal complaint about this gentleman) and we will make sure none of our friends do too. We felt very embarrassed to be escorted out from a place where we once felt so welcome. \n\nUnfortunately one grumpy unprofessional person can ruin what others worked so hard to do and this is an example of it. THANK YOU all the staff that regularly work up to 3am daily which names I cited before. We really enjoyed having you guys around so much, we felt like being home with friends. And shame on you, Mr. Marsh, that for whatever reason decided to randomly make us pay for whatever discontentment you have going on in your personal life right now. If you don't like your job you should quit. I hope you find a new one asap because with you in charge of SILVERTON it will be nothing but unsuccessful.