I love, LOve, LOVE this place! It reminds me of the old Barcelona and has become my home away from home. Dimly lit and all sexy. This is the place to see and be seen. With numerous themes and give aways nightly. A friendly mature crowd inhibits this space, so your sexy dress up clothes are encouraged. PLUS, I have yet to witness or be groped by the disgusting rump humpers. (you know what I'm talking about, ladies...) But instead, have had many a good conversations and made some very good friends here. (Maybe they are catching on to my celebrity status as a regular.. I mean Valuable VIP?? ...Nahh! Hehe)\n\nParking can be a challenge and the door can cause a delay, so plan for it. But, once inside makes for a super cozy almost Miami cabana feel. Imagine complete strangers brushing up against eachother 'accidently' in passing and lovers nuzzled up close, lost in conversation and laughter surrounding this large, open, and well ventilated covered patio area containing the massive granite top bar with flat screens dotted along the walls. Inside, are two equally large bars, where live bands take to the stage and perform. The only downer is that the dance floor is on the smaller side and gets very packed! But, if shake it space is limited, there are also pole tables to get up on!\n\nTIP: To create your own space and get pampered, reserve a table in the VIP section, you will not be disappointed!\n\nThe waitress and bar staff probably model in their spare time, because they're GAUWGOUS!! I love the uniforms! But, their service is superior and the drinks are STRONG! They have never let me down, as I have tried almost all of the martinis and mixed drinks, everything has it's own personal finish; edible orchids; apple slices; graham cracker crust rim; gummy bears; glow sticks whatever you want they have it! PLUS, the shaker on the side of your martini will keep the contents cold longer on those hot Arizona nights (they will even make you an alcoholic 'looking' (although, non-alcholic) drink for a fraction of the price! \n\nHH is the best time to get in and try their specialty drinks and food. The Margherita and Beef Tenderloin & Portabella flatbreads are a great choice and I am in love with their Fruit and Cheese Plate it's huge and could easily be shared at least 4 ways!\n\nThank you Blue Martini for coming into our lives. Keep up the good work I am totally a fan!