I was recommended this place by a friend of mine so my roommate and I decided to try it out for dinner. It was such a good recommendation! I started off with the basil seeds and grass jelly drink. I get nostalgic with grass jelly since my mom used to give me bowls of it when I was little for dessert. It came nicely diced up into little tiny pieces with the basil seeds in the drink. The drink had a light sweetness to it that wasn't over doing it. It's hard for me to explain the flavor but definitely try grass jelly at least once in your life. \n\nMy roommate got an egg roll to start and she insisted that I try it since it was so good. Omg it tasted so similar to my mom's! This is a rarity. Most egg rolls I try are complete garbage and filled with cabbage and really nothing else. This had meat, carrots, and glass noodle from what I can tell from just looking at it, but knowing how my mom makes them there is probably secret ingredients in there that are well hidden. \n\nFor dinner, we both got a bbq meat platter. They forgot to make both so we had to share one while they made the second one, which we then shared. The platter came with 3 different dishes and a side of jasamine rice and pickled carrots and cabbage. The meat dishes were 2 large bbq bbq wings, bbq chicken, and beef skewers. The beef skewers were ground, mixed with tons of delicious seasonings, and reformed before cooking. They were delicious! They tasted like they had lemongrass in them and I love lemongrass. The bbq chicken was a little on the drier side but I wouldn't say dry. It was marinated in something before cooking and it's flavoring was subtle but added to the chicken flavor. It was my least favorite of the three but I thought it was still good. The bbq wings. Omg. I don't know how they make the marinate or sauce or whatever they put on it before BBQing but I always love that flavor when I have had it in the past before. The was a subtly sweet, smoky flavor with a hint of something something. The wings were super juicy. Having to pick between the wings and the beef skewers, it's hard to decide which one I like better. If I had to, I would probably pick the beef skewers, but by a thin hair. \n\nFor dessert, I ordered the jackfruit and sticky rice. I've never had jackfruit sticky rice before. I'm used to the Thai style mango sticky rice so had to try this. I was surprised when the dish came out and they were wrapped in banana leaves. I thought the jackfruit was going to be fresh not cooked or mixed in with the rice. I wss still excited though. The sticky rice had stings of coconut running through it with pieces of the jackfruit mixed in. The rice was slightly sweet but the perfect amount for me. I loved every bite of this. \n\nI would say service was a little on the slow side but I expect this from small family run restaurants. Really cute place on the inside. It clearly used to be a mexican restaurant before based on the outside lol \n\nWill definitely come back.