I'm told that Ghandi once said that there were two things that he could not abide: people who were intolerant of other peoples' cultures, and the Dutch. \n\nI'm not really sure that Ghandi actually said that. I don't really trust the source...me...I actually borrowed that line from Michael Caine in \"Austin Powers in Goldmember\". But I sound much more credible quoting a Nobel Prize winning peace activist than a third-rate movie sequel.  \n\nNevertheless, Dutch Dreams is exactly the kind of place you'd expect a spoof Bond Villain to open if he wanted to sell frozen dessert. Located on Vaughan, just north of St. Clair, it would be a tiny, unassuming spot if it weren't painted and decked out in bovine kitsch. A single, tight door frame leads you in to the shop, where you find yourself pressed between a series of ice cream counters and a stack of shelves that hold bric a brac and grocery items from the Nether-world. Low on Indonesian Ketchup and butter cookies? This is the place for you! \n\nThey sell ice cream and frozen yogurt too, in cups, cones or waffles so laden with chocolate and candy you'd think they were evidence in an Oompa-Loompa murder trial. \n\nYogurt should be familiar to those raised on Yogen Fruz; your choice of toppings pulverized into a soft-serveish tangy peak. It's very tasty, but clearly positioned as a treat for the pale dieter in the group. \n\nIce cream shows just how intense flavor can be when carried by butterfat. Chocolate fudge is almost black with cocoa. Paired with a scoop of espresso studded with chocolate covered coffee beans, it's the perfect buzz. Pistachio brings soapy-nuttiness while a lurid-purple  black cherry scoop is reinforced by tonnes of fruit. Mint chocolate chip would be perfect except for it's weird aqua colouring. Chocolate peanut butter receives mixed reviews. Reeses aficionados approve of the balance between ingredients, while ice cream purists would prefer smooth peanut butter ice cream over stodgy chunks of frozen legume in the middle of a perfectly good dessert.  \n\nVisitors can Dutch-Dream as big as they like; portion sizes range from a single scoop to bathtub-sized. I'm hard-pressed to finish two scoops. Diners beside me polish off sundaes that are bigger than my head. \n\nBest of all, each portion comes topped with whipped cream and a handful of fruit. \n\nSo really, it's healthy. Right?