Where does one begin with a tale of such heartbreak and woe? \n\nPros - seated quickly, pomegranate cherry Margarita, and churro sundae.  Cons - seated next to the shrieking eels of, \"of my god, we're like totally awesome\".  My ears are ringing and bleeding. I may die of this internal injury in my sleep and those screeching college drop outs will get away with killing me. \n\nAny who, the kids meals were so very lackluster.  The chicken tenders and fries both had an essence of aquarium rot. The mac n cheese was ok, the kids nachos came out both cold and soggy.   (Nice way to watch the goods, servers).  My chicken chimichanga was crunchy on the outside,  and a tongue scalding inferno of mostly beans on the inside.   Not much to write home about. \n\nWell, then there was the dessert.  Churro sundae...this part they got right. I think the sound waves from the incessant shouting out of the early twenties cat ladies actually made the ice cream melt a little. \n\nSo,  after we practically swallowed the sundae whole, we waited for the check.   I couldn't shout over the stadium of three nor could I make visual contact with Ru Paul, I mean, our waiter.  After ten minutes,  and my son remarking on the steady slew of profanities from the fourth string cheer squad, the waiter magically appears,  check in hand, at their table. If I could have done it, I would've chucked my leftover bean log at him to get his attention. We literally sat for several more minutes and watched the trio jump in a fourth member by making him out-shriek and out-squeal them all,  combined. Two more minutes of feeling my ear drums expand to near bursting,  I got up from my table to leave, no check,  just leave.  Finally, the guy from Cats, off Broadway, of course, addressed me as I was going up the ramp,  with my kids.   I showed him my mean face and he said,  I have your check right here.  \"Well, thanks, glitter balls!  About effing time...\" is what I wanted to say,  but,  instead,  I thanked him for the delicious sundae, while he intermittently gave me his bitch face (and kept turning to look at his new girlfriends).  I will never be back. \n\nFYI -  the super loud femmes were already eating their giant freaking nacho piles when we arrived, so, I never imagined those potential DUIs were going to sit and drink and scream at each other for another 45 minutes.  This may be my last review ever....unless I don't succumb to the ear injury.