Horrible. Here's the letter (the 5000 characters that would fit) I sent to Brian Gullbrants, the ex operations head of The Ritz who now works for Steve Wynn at Encore. Needless to say I have not received a response in well over a week - not a good sign for a company who should pride themselves in superior customer service...\n\nBrian,\nI had booked two rooms online. I intended on having my 3 guests split into two guests per room. I assumed a double bed would not be an issue, but just to make sure I telephoned your hotel the day after my internet reservation. I asked for two double beds, a high floor and connecting, non-smoking rooms. After confirming this with my colleagues, they asked if I would change the reservation to \"smoking\" rooms. So, the next day I telephoned and made the change. But upon arrival I waited in a \"check-in\" line for 25 minutes (with bags) only to find that none of my requests had been entered into your system. Too boot, none of my requests were available. My guests would have to sleep on roll-away beds. Good Lord! 45 minutes later I was able to secure 2 rooms (non-connecting) with double beds. The only catch, I would have to wait for an hour in order for the second room to open up.\nOkay, now all four of us are up in the first room. Let me put a few sodas I brought into the fridge. Nope. Not allowed. Fridge full. Don't touch items or you may be charged! Are you kidding me? Your mark-up is so high on these items you actually care if a few go missing? And you're willing to inconvenience your customers to do so? Sure I could call housekeeping and order a refrigerator for $25 a day (!), but since your room rate is up in the 10th percentile for Vegas these days I would think that wouldn't be necessary.\nI guess I could just use ice, but there are no ice buckets. Another phone call to housekeeping. Knock knock... ice buckets delivered WITHOUT ICE. Who does this? This is so bad in the eyes of \"customer service\" that I couldn't make this up if I tried. After the walk to get ice I received a call from the desk staff. My second room was ready; would I like to come down 61 floors to pick up my key? No, please deliver it to me for the hassles you are putting me through thank you very much. Did I have to ask?\nI'll try to keep the rest of the trip short but here are the highlights:\n\n* $27 burger delivered to room. Was asked if I wanted the \"included\" veggies. Yes, why not, I'm paying out the nose for them? Oh, I see, the veggies you brought were old and you thought maybe if I didn't really want them you could save yourself a trip down to the kitchen. Lovely.\n* Cotton swabs had a dead bug in the packaging. Threw them out (after I took a picture; please let me know if you want it). Unfortunately, the swabs were never replaced. Glad I brought my own. I can only imagine the hassle to call for extras (and what you might charge).\n* Time for breakfast. Order in? Sure, I'm on vacation. $75 for the two of us. American breakfast I think you call it. A bit skimpy on the juice if you ask me - especially for the price. We almost thought you had forgotten one carafe... until I ordered breakfast the next day and received an even smaller carafe of juice. Do you carefully measure them out in teaspoons? Seriously, for the money I'm spending (and I don't have a problem spending money - or bringing in my gambling friends) I'm sure feeling nickel and dimed. I almost forgot... would I like a newspaper with my last breakfast? Why sure I would, thanks. I'm sure you can guess... it was never delivered.\n* Okay, time to check my email. Nope, that's not free either. In fact, nothing extra was free at the Encore. I didn't get a chance to go to the gym, but my guess is there would be a charge.\n* Back to the snacks and snack sensors. Your sign says 60 seconds may elapse before being charged, but the staff member that came by each morning to check the stock (!) laughed when he told me in only 15 seconds I might be charged. Had I known I would have asked they be removed from the room. Sure enough, I was charged for two snacks I never consumed (or moved).\nBrian, I could go on and on, but to be honest I lost track of all the issues I had with your hotel. \nI'm not looking for a free stay, hell; you couldn't pay me to stay at Encore again. What I do want to know is how the former Vice President of Operation for the Ritz-Carlton, a man quoted saying:\n\n* \"Consumers' expectations of luxury are changing. It's not about going to the white tablecloth restaurant with the waiter in the tuxedo and the white glove. More often now we see customers that want to relax and enjoy luxury on their terms, not the industry's terms.\"\n-and-\n* \"It's really giving the customer what they want, how they want it, before they even know they want it.\"\n\ncan allow this to occur. Please explain to me how the Encore embodied anything resembling what you purvey during my stay?\n\nThank you,\nMateo M.