Before a show at the Colosseum at Caesars, I came here for an early dinner.  Opening promptly at 5 PM, I was seated and soon a bevy of servers brought a number of different starters to the table.  First, a large wheel of Grana Padano cheese and gouged a chunk out and placed it on a small plate.  Then came Italian bread, focaccia, garlic bread, sautéed zucchini, and bruschetta with one mussel.  This before any menu was offered.  It was almost overwhelming that items kept being brought to the table.\n\nThe captain then told me the specials for the night without price information and he left me with a menu.  I ordered an iced tea which was soon brought and was kept refilled during my dinner.  When the captain came back, I ordered the Stracciatella alla Fiorentina soup, sometimes referred to as Italy's egg drop soup.  For the main course, I got the porcini mushroom stuffed ravioli in and black truffle and champagne sauce.\n\nThe soup was very good and very hot.  With the choice of breads I had been brought, there was a wide variety to go with the soup.  A bus person grated cheese and ground fresh pepper for the soup.  The white of the eggs were evident all over the top of  the soup.  Very nice.\n\nThe ravioli was good.  Again I was offered freshly ground cheese and cracked pepper and I chose both.  The ravioli were good but the mushroom taste didn't make it.  The pillows were unevenly stuffed and the flavor came from the delicious sauce.  \n\nFor dessert, I got panna cotta with orange sauce and very thin rind.  It was a light ending to a heavy meal with all the bread and the number of ravioli that were served.\n\nFor the most part, service was good.  However, for a restaurant of this caliber, I would expect them to patrol the table a bit more and remove used sugar substitute packets.  This is one of my tests for the best of service from a high end spot.\n\nThe dinner was good, but Il Mulino is certainly charging Strip prices and there are better Italian restaurants on the Strip.