I love me some Black Dog. I've professed this love all over the community and Yelp. That was before Black Dog Champaign. I've visited this location many a time. Unfortunately for me, I've had some sort of issue with each visit. None too serious, most likely due to it being fairly new and new staff. On my visit today, dun dun dun, however, we received exceptionally crummy service. I believe the server was new and just really slow at everything. He would walk away from our table mid-sentence while working on the tablet and go talk to another table before doing the same to them and wandering back. That was interesting and entertaining. The food came out and it was a-okay. My beer choice (Avery - The Czar) was superb. Our server was still really struggling with his pace when we needed to pay. We asked for separate bills but to split the corn bread. (There was no meat in it today. Boo!) He left for several minutes and then asked for our cards. As soon as we had a printed copy, he was gone and I then saw that my portion was $25 for a sandwich and half a cornbread. I mean, Black Dog is good, but what?? There was a mystery burger on my bill that I needed to get out of my life. Nobody ordered a burger! This is black dog! We waited 10 minutes for our server to make an appearance so I could question the billing issue. No show. I then requested a manager from a nearby server (I bet that is the most dreaded thing ever!) and a girl came over asking what my issue was. Explained that my printed receipt showed my food, my guest's food, and a mystery cheeseburger with pepperjack cheese. Nice choice, BTW. The manager said the receipt just printed all our items together on my copy. Clearly that wasn't the issue due to said burger. Confused, she spent 20 minutes behind the bar talking with other employees trying to figure this out. I begrudgingly approached the bar and asked if it would be much longer since I'm on my lunch hour. I was informed she was still trying to figure it out. Now, here I think would be an appropriate time to offer a gift card for the amount overpaid (DAMN YOU MYSTERY BURGER) or issue a partial refund. Nope. I'm still sweating while I look at the clock because if you knew my boss, man, you would not be late from lunch either. Five painfully long minutes went by and finally I was told I will be refunded for the burger. Really? I already know that since we didn't order it. Why am I now over 30 minutes late back to work all because of a billing error? Correct it, get my butt out of there and out of your hair. The manager was catty and defensive when I asked why I was only being refunded for the burger after this 30 minute cluster. Definitely not the service that is received at Black Dog Urbana. The original is still where the heart is and everyone's favorite pretty, pretty princess.