I live in the area, and have been to the Greenhouse Winery location on route 30 and the original location at Hazuza's greenhouse plenty of times. Past experiences have been pleasant- friendly and helpful staff, and the wine is good. We actually had two of their brands at our wedding reception. Believe me, I'm no connoisseur, I just know what I think tastes good. Anyway...\n\nTwo weekends ago, my friend and fellow yelper Carrie and I attended a murder mystery dinner at the newest Greenhouse Winery location on Pinewood Road. This was our first visit to this new location but certainly not our first murder mystery dinner, which we both love. (The husbands were left home on this occasion.) Our tickets cost $45 each, which included 5 free wine samples, dinner, and the show. This is more than any other show we've been too; most are around $32. The only difference is that they don't include the wine tasting. Since there are several moving parts to this event, I'll break them down for you as best I can:\n\nThe winery: the place is up a long winding road, on top of a hill. It's very nice and in the summer I could see going up there with lunch, playing some bocce or horseshoes and drinking some wine (like rich folk do lol). We were told that they do not make or serve food, but they do have meat and cheese trays you can buy. You are permitted to bring your own food and make a day of it. The day we were there was extremely windy and, being on top of a hill, I could see this being an issue if you planned on being outside. As mentioned, we were permitted 5 free samples of wine, which we of course took full advantage of. Of course, a sample is really like 2 sips, maybe. You could 'buy' additional sips for $1 each or choose to buy wine by the glass or bottle to take into the show with you. So, hey, buy a bottle right...because it's the cheaper option in the long run. They also provided coffee, water, and pop (soda for you non-yinzers).\n\nThe show: Fun and funny as usual. Although both of the winners were at our table and not us. Meh. \n\nThe service: Nearly non-existent. At other locations, they have wait staff coming around to check on your table, take away plates, fill up water, etc. Not here, they had someone come around twice - once to take appetizer plates and once for dinner plates. I had to go back out into the winery area to ask for more water and I was told to please bring my carafe and they would fill it up. Umm, no. Anyway, the real issue laid with the drunks at the table behind us. They were talking loudly, laughing, and just all around being jerks. Everyone on our side of the room was visibly annoyed. One of the guys at our table turned around ask them to quiet down, and the one jerk actually told him \"I will f-n kill you.\" It was terrible. And hey, I'm all for rowdiness...if it suits. This just wasn't the place for some ball-bustin, whiskey shooting, hell of a time. Feel me? They clan of 5 were finally either kicked out or asked to leave, but honestly it was half way through and already such a distraction at that point. I feel that if there were staff around more, they would have gotten kicked out a lot sooner and not cut into my $45 dinner.\n\nSpeaking of dinner. The food: the worst I've had at a murder mystery dinner. They buffet style dinner consisted of breaded chicken (which I like but Carrie didn't have so much luck with), stuffed shells (passed on those), potatoes and tortellini salad. The food was fine, there simply wasn't much selection. I can't really give the winery too much slack for this because it was catered. However, they still should have done their homework on what other locations provide. My biggest grip with this was we've paid $32 at The Lamplighter and they have chicken, fish, roast beef, ham, cole slaw, salad, fresh veggies, etc. So, we really both felt ripped off.\n\nTo sum it up, I would come back in the summer to hang out and have lunch. But, in the future, I will keep my murder mystery dinners to other locations.