This review is mostly about the sports club membership, and not the golfing membership, two different things, although you can opt for both, although if you use one more than the other, its kind of pointless and costly to go with both. \n\nSo, I've been a member here on and off since I was 8 years old. And this club has transformed before my very eyes over that time span. Normally, you would only find me on the tennis courts rather than in the sports club, but it wasn't too bad of a place. \n\nWith the renovations that took place a few years back, a lot had been added and taken away. Like those yummy fruit smoothies that I use to charge to my club card with no remorse, and deal with the consequences of my father receiving the bill later on in the month. Something about losing their food license or some junk... But this building has many classrooms for anything from aerobics to tai chi, spa rooms for great massages and various treatments, racquetball courts, and numerous weight and exercise machines. Plus, if you have kiddies, there's child care provided as well. And of course, there's the tennis courts, the kiddie and lap pool to the south of the club.\n\nI sometimes found myself on the 'golfer' side, for a quick bite at the lounge\/bar after hitting the courts pretty hard or in their main dining area for weddings and their receptions held by numerous family friends. It really is a nice venue, they have a patio that overlooks the first hole and a nice courtyard with a small lake with a fountain nearby. Plus the food isn't bad, I always talk about how I dislike chicken, but for some reason they're chicken fingers at the lounge hit the spot every time!\n\nNow to explain my rating...I knocked off a star due to the recent firing of a good majority of the tennis pro instructors that were great, and basically made tennis happen at this country club. I know how the economy is, but seriously, they didn't have to do it the way they did, apparently micro-management of the sports club needs some revamping...