We had a Late Night UYE with my Yelpies.\n\nYelpalicious Dish we kept hearing about is the fried chicken so of course that was my priority. They were doing a promo special of $16 gets you 10pc chicken and a 1000cc(big ass mug, probably a liter) of draft beer so almost everyone grabbed that.  \n\nWinner, winner, chicken dinner! It was lightly battered, crisp and came out piping hot. It wasn't very greasy like most joints so that was definitely a plus. They serve the order of chicken with small banchans of sweet picked daikon radish, cabbage kimchee (we had 4 orders at our table of the special and only 2 got kimchee?), and a \"slaw\" of thin cabbage with a thousand island-esque dressing.  I shared one of these with my buddy Nins and needless to say we gobbled it up and I know that bitch was eying the last piece hoping I'd say I didn't want more! LOL  All went very well with it, but I was talking with Nins and seem to agree that maybe we should have gotten a side of something (Rice! Yeah I'm totally \"Filipino\" in this sense!)  or some sauce to break up the dense chicken flavor in my mouth. Again, we gobbled so lack of sauce or another side didn't stop us from enjoying though it could be even better. Will ask for sauce and rice next time. Definitely, some of the better fried chicken offerings in Vegas and I do love me some fried chicken. \n\nOther than the chicken, there are a few rice and noodle dishes and plenty of snack plates. There are some oddities on the menu like snails so if you like the bizarre to be your late night eats then this place is worth exploring. There are more traditional items than their are \"friendlies\" (bulgogi, fried rice, etc) and I like that they keep it real like that. \n\nNow here likes the rub....\n\nSome people were ready to go so he brought out all the bills even though some people were still noshing. It was taking so long that people were wondering what's the hold up in bringing back all our checks.  Later we found out card machines were down....if maybe some of us were told earlier some people could have mustered cash and gone on their way or at the very least let people know what's the situation to keep people patient. Also some of our late comers ordered food and was first sitting on a separate table, as other people left we moved their empty plates to their original table to make room for them to sit with the leftover group. Because of the empty plates on their original table, they didn't get food since they thought they already got food and ate it. Err...well the order was put in so something should have came out so where did their chicken go? The server though was very apologetic about everything and tried very hard to make things right. Even made some fries and taters while our compadres waited on their forgotten chicken order. \n\nMy chicken was a 4, the service was attentive in serving\/checking in and tried very hard so even though there was some major in house mistakes that normally would be a no go, I can appreciate a place that tries their hardest to make it right. No one is perfect and sometimes there is just an off night. I know they are under new management and I am not quite sure how recently that happen so they very well can be still smoothing out the kinks.  I had trouble figuring out what star rating to give it, but after some thought I think 3 is fair. It was an OK night based on what went on. \n\nStill, I think this place is a interesting environment (please look at he bathrooms and make sure to READ the song lyrics\/ text on them- hilarious and very random song choice are meshed into the art!) and has some adventurous plates that are a must do very soon as well as a solid \"Bazic\" with their fried chicken goodness (now if only they had waffles I would DIE).\n\n I will be back soon with the BF since he would like to try the chicken, but after much thought...I'm going to do this CASH only and wait a while. For now, I think the Yelper crew is chicken to try this out again. \n\nUPDATE- So I didn't know part of the story of the credit cards when I wrote my original review and that alone makes me bump it down another star. To not communicate with all us that the cards are down and then proceed to write everyones credit card numbers to do it later is very unprofessional even if the intentions weren't shady. Sorry, but even though that didn't happen to my card these are all the people I am with. Now I understand why Matthew C wanted to burn the place. I also forgot that one Yelper went off with their card thinking it was paid for and left and later we were told he hasn't paid. Angela had to call him to figure out if they were pulling something sneaky on us. It was very weird that now they were able to swipe Angelas card just fine to pay for Joe's bill when a few minutes ago it wasn't working for the other Yelpers. \n\nWhatever was going on, it wasn't handled\/communicated well and that's the bottom line.