Magnifico!\n \nWhile the food does not consistently hit the mark, Cento's über-attentive service and elegant digs make every visit feel like a special occasion.  I appreciate their philosophy of sourcing the best local ingredients and preparing them with authentic Italian methods in a modern way.  When Cento's kitchen delivers on that promise, it is truly a delightful experience.\n \nBelying the spartan building exterior, the interior of the restaurant seamlessly melds components from the 1920's era building (maple floors, plaster beam ceilings, interior brick walls, and stained glass) with contemporary design elements like steel bars, plush booth seating, leather chairs and modern lighting fixtures.\n \nBecause of the open dining area, the high ceilings and an open kitchen, the noise level rises to a dull roar when the restaurant operates at full capacity.  However, most of the time, I was able to speak with my dining companions at normal conservational levels and the soft jazz played over the speakers added to the ambiance.\n \nBecause of the Cento's popularity and its proximity to the Overture Center, scoring a reservation can be tricky.  Even during Valentine's Day and football Saturdays, I was able to secure a seat in the bar area and enjoyed impeccable service both visits.  And unlike some establishment were a seat at the bar means being treated like a second class citizen by the harried bar staff, the attentive service staff at Cento made me feel like a VIP - Cento certainly belongs in the top echelon of local restaurants in this category.\n \nThe vast wine and cocktail options are spectacular.  During my September visit, the Cold Heaven 'Mutchmore' Pinot Noir 2011 from California was a steal at $9.50 a glass.  During my recent visit, I reveled in the orangey tour de force that was the Eliot & Ambrose cocktail.  When you factor in the supremely knowledgeable bar staff, it is a solid five star experience.\n\nUnfortunately, the food does not consistently match the high standards of the setting and staff.  While I have experienced several fantastic dishes, I've also had a number of plates fall short of my expectation level for a restaurant at this price point.  \n\nThe fantastic:\n* The Butcher Board ($15) featured two cheeses, three cured meats (coppa, prosciutto and a cured beef) and a spicy preserve (blackberry I think) that offered a variety of delicious combinations.\n\n* The gnocchi in a red sauce with crazy water (water with garlic, onion and pepper) topped with shizo.  I adored the pillowy texture and how the chef extracted tremendous flavor from the tomatoes in the sauce.\n\n* My wife described the tomato soup as the best she ever had and she is not prone to hyperbole.  Each spoonful provided an explosion of concentrated tomato flavor.  As someone who grew up consuming awful canned tomato soups, this experienced helped erase those bad childhood memories of salty, largely flavorless soups.\n* The butterscotch budino, streaked with salted caramel and topped with espresso cream blew me away.  Covered with a light streusel topping for texture, the all the subtle flavors married perfectly.  I am pretty sure I scraped off the top layer of the bowl it was served in to make sure I did not waste a speck of this delicacy.\n\nThe lackluster:\n* Both times I ordered the pizza from the wood fired oven, I came away disappointed.  During my first visit, while the pie had fantastic flavor, the center of the pizza was undercooked.  The excess moisture from the cherry tomatoes prevented the center of the crust from properly baking, leaving a doughy texture.  When I mentioned this to our bartender, they immediately offered to redo the pizza and ultimately took it off our bill.  The second pizza had the opposite problem - the crust ended up burnt on the bottom, imparting a strong bitter taste.\n* The bucatini carbonara had far too much tarragon and the unwieldy bucatini noodles made it difficult to consume.\n* The flavor of the one-note caramel budino did not pop like its butterscotch cousin and the kitchen was stingy with the streusel topping, leaving the offering lacking for texture.  \n\nFor those of you that plan corporate events, please consider the private dining room at Cento as a future venue.  Like the cuisine that balances modern interpretations with traditional Italian preparation methods, the dining room harmonizes old and new as well as casual and sophisticated elements.  Details like original wood floors and exposed brick walls provide a timeless feel to a restaurant that opened up just months ago.  You will be a hero for your office mates, trust me on this one.\n\nCento is a fantastic landing spot for that special occasion meal, an expense report dinner or a casual night out.  Despite the occasional off dish, I appreciate the variety of options at different price points.  I am 100% sure that I will be returning.