My skin is pretty sensitive and dry, it doesn't like a lot of the \"normal\" face washes from the department store counters or walgreens. On occasion I would get these patches of raw, red flaky skin that made me want to hide in bed all day. I drink enough water for living in AZ but I still didn't know why my skin was so angry. I guess I should at least be thankful I've never had an issue with acne. \nGroupon sent me a deal for this spa and I picked it up right away. I made my appointment a few weeks later and drove a little more than a half hour south, there was no big obvious sign but I could tell where it was. Went in and was greeted happily, the waiting area is not what I would call small but not unnecessarily big either (hello Dolce?) I filled out my paperwork and Nichole took me back and had me put on a soft white towel wrap and told me to get under the sheets, the bed was so relaxing and while sinking into it I was already happy with my money spent.\nShe came back in and started to wash off any make up I had on, then began the treatment. I was slightly worried that I would get some painful burning\/stinging but it wasn't even close to the pain a tattoo would cause, and in my opinion those don't really hurt that bad either. It felt truly \"divine\" and when she started the skin spatula the sound was alarming at first but after the first pass it just felt like someone was taking a butter knife and vibrating it softly over your skin, not painful just different. I didn't open my eyes to see what the instrument looked like but I don't think that matters, some beauty treatments can resemble medieval torture devices but do wonders for you and that's what counts! After it was over she gave me time to relax and dress before returning to the front. I picked up some other service brochures and told her I would be back again soon.\nAftercare was simple, no washing for a few hours or putting on make up. Minimal sun and heat exposure. I drank lots of water and made sure not to touch my fresh baby soft skin. I had literally no peeling or redness at all the next few days which surprised me. Maybe it's how you follow the aftercare instructions, because having sensitive skin I should have had a reaction but I didn't. Only a clear, soft, radiant face. I've been using all natural face scrubs from Lush for the past month as well and combined with this treatment my skin has never looked better. I will be going back to try other treatments soon!