Just like Paris Hilton, Lake Las Vegas Hilton is unclassy, a bit trashy and everyone should stay away.\n\nHow did I go from staying at The Four Seasons and the Skylofts to staying at the Hilton? However, since this resort was formerly the Famous Ritz Cartlon I assumed it couldn't' be that bad, right? Wrong.\n\nUpon arriving we were immediately greeted by the valet, bellhop and doorman, Checking in at guest services was simple and easy. Everything up until this point was good but all that changed after we exited the elevators.\n\nLooks can be deceiving. The main floor of the Hilton was upscale and embelished in classy decor, however once we arrived to our room floor, it was night and day. The hallway badly needed a paint job, the carpet floors stained and cracks in several different areas. The main floor was just a facade and here the real Hilton was starting to show.\n\nAt first glance our 1 bedroom suite look decent. Although it was outdated with the walls painted with the ugliest green color the room included a king serenity bed, separate living, work station,  oversized shower tub and free wi-fi. With the basic amenities I thought a night at the this hotel was doable. It's when I started to put my stuff away is when I realized how filthy the suite was. There was dust on the cabinets, the work station and even on the bed frame. There were deep stains all over the couches and even a shoe print mark on the comforter. Luckily, I didn't have a black light with me. After all my findings I immediately went downstairs to talk to the manager.\n\nI talked to the manager and asked for a hypoallergenic room and he said none were available. I asked for a different room and he was unwilling to do a room change. He was only willing to send housekeeping to my room for a thorough cleaning. The manager was unprofessional and unapologetic, when I asked how soon housekeeping could come to the suite his response was \" I'm not sure, I don't know.\" At this point it was just a losing battle. Acting as if it was a loss in his own pocket, talking became a waste of my breath and effort. In due time bad karma will take it's course for this manager. I left guest services and headed back to my five star luxury suite.\n\nAfter being away from the room for four hours, I returned and housekeeping had never arrived. I called the front desk and the manager had already left for the night. I requested a new comforter, sheets and pillows, which were brought up by maintenance a few moments later. In the morning, I asked to speak with the Director who had not arrived yet but was directed to another manager. I talked to the manager who apologized for the other manager. She waived the resort fees and offered to give points for a future Hilton stay. After this nightmare, staying again at the Hilton is the last thing on my mind.\n\nLocation:\nIt's  located 20 minutes from the Las Vegas strip in Henderson, Nevada. The surrounding hotels include The Aston Montelago and The Westin.\n\nParking:\n$15.00 valet with in and out privileges or self parking in the parking structure is free.\n\nTip:\nDaily resort fee is $25.00\n\nExperience:\nThe best part of this Lake Las Vegas Hilton experience was leaving. Stay away at all cost.