Having never been to Orange Table and being a lover of brunch stops, my boyfriend and I decided to try this one out based mostly on Yelp reviews.  We sat inside, where it was warm, smelled like bacon and had a great giraffe in a bowler hat picture on the wall.  I appreciate the variety of art adorning most walls and the cozy couches on one side of the restaurant; warm and cozy feeling even though we sat at a table.\nOur waiter arrived after about 5 minutes of waiting and took coffee orders.  We looked over the menu and since we're both gluten-free, found that egg-based meals were our best options.  After another 10 minutes, our waiter came back and I placed my order.  When I told him no toast because I'm GF, he said, \"You know, you can just sub fruit for toast.\"  Sure.  Sounds great.  I also added Feta to my egg whites and then proceeded with a nice conversation with my man.  Another 15 minutes and our food arrived, mine was scrambled eggs, not whites, so I proceeded with eating my so-so breakfast potatoes until I could lasso a waiter- any waiter- to come over to have my eggs re-made.  I finished my potatoes, fruit and coffee while my boyfriend ate his meal (similar to mine but with delicious bacon) and finished.  Finally my egg whites arrived with Feta (why do scrambled egg whites take so long??) after we were both done with the meals in front of us.  The waiter apologized and left.  The whites were so-so, so I formed the opinion that I may come back, but wouldn't go out of my way to revisit Orange Table.  Then came the bill.\n+ $2 add cheese\n+ $1 Feta\n+ $1 sub fruit\nExcuse me?  I was charged for adding cheese (expected) but then another dollar on top of that for Feta specifically?  $3 for a half handful of cheese on my screwed up egg whites??  On top of that I was charged $2 (without a hint of a mention that my gluten intolerant motivation of subbing toast for fruit would result in any sort of upcharge) for a tiny bowl of old cantaloupe and honeydew?  I was angry.  In my world, if you're a breakfast server, you let people know if there are charges associated with any substitution if it isn't listed on the menu- which is wasn't.  Not a mention anywhere.\nI can assure you that I understand busy breakfast places on the weekend and take them in stride, but things dies off while we were at brunch, so there was no reason for excessive waiting, but that wasn't my huge issue.  Those $5 in unmentioned extra charges did it for me.  VERY disappointed that I felt taken advantage of due to a gluten intolerance- it's out of principle here. I would have happily gone without mediocre fruit, but whatever.  I'm done with this cute little place.  Lesson out of this: Ask for upcharges of any kind so there aren't any surprises.