I must have been sheltered as a child, because I never knew how huge the turnouts for Christmas Day movies was! I mean, naturally, the mall itself is closed, but the parking lot for the movie theater was absolutely packed!\n\nNaturally, I figured that it would take forever for us to make it through the ticket booth, the concession stand, and into the theater. Lucky for us, Harkins has their stuff together!\n\nEven though there were throngs of people waiting to buy tickets, we managed to walk right up and purchase our tickets...at the completely empty kiosk located outside! Sure, that might be cheating a little bit, but even while we were at the kiosk to purchase our $6.50 matinee tickets, I could see that the box office was fully staffed, and handling the other moviegoers with extreme precision. The only true waiting that took place was when people were uncertain as to which movie they wanted to see, and at which time. The Harkins staff were top notch.\n\nOnce we were inside, the ticket taker was very chipper...especially for someone who was working on Christmas day. He ushered us towards the concession stand where, once again, in spite of the multitude of people waiting for refreshments, we were in and out with incredible ease.\n\nThis theater has, as you can tell by the name, 20 screens...so, there's almost no excuse for any patron to miss a movie. Chances are, if the movie is new, that it will be playing again within an hour or so in one of their many other screening rooms.\n\nOur particular movie, although a new release, was playing on one of the smaller screens. Naturally, our theater was a little bit smaller. Having said that, the stadium seating afforded us the option to sit pretty much anywhere, and have a great view of the screen. Even though the theater was smaller, they certainly didn't skimp on the Dolby Digital surround.\n\nOverall, the theater was clean and well maintained. Should we happen to be in the Chandler area again for a movie, rest assured, we'll be hitting this theater up!