I have been to this location of AAA three times.\n\nOn the first visit, a line started forming behind me.  I was next in line and a man came over to the counter to help me.  When I told him what I wanted, he told me he couldn't help me with it and that I had to be helped by someone else.  At that point, someone behind me was now being helped by the person who COULD help me.  I was directed to wait on the side and that someone would come help me when they were available.  I watched as three others were helped in front of me.  \n\nI was eventually helped to get my daughter's passport photos.  They were very accommodating and, since I am a AAA Plus member, the passport photos were free.  They took several pictures until they were happy with them and then showed me the picture to confirm I was happy, too.  \n\nWhile waiting for the photos to print, we were invited to come back the next day because the San Diego Zoo would be bringing some Koalas to the office.  They said that if it rained, they had a backup plan to have the animals in the space next door to their office.\n\nWe came the next day and even invited another family to join us (having posted an open invitation to everyone we knew at my daughter's school because the agent asked me to do so).  When we showed up, there was nothing on exhibit.  When we asked if they were next door because rain was on the horizon, they said that they hadn't asked if there was power next door.  Since there wasn't, the zoo canceled.  \n\nIt was a little annoyance to me, but it was very disappointing to the children.  They had looked up koalas and were so excited to see them live!  C'est la vie!\n\nI had to go back to this office to get some passport photos taken for an id badge. As I waited, I heard a woman talking to one of the employees and asking about planning a vacation.  The woman had been directed to this employee's desk, but when she approached the employee and asked her to help her... the employee was completely rude to her.  At first, she acted like she was completely disinterested, even saying... I don't know why they sent you over here, I can't help you.  Then when the woman clarified what kind of vacation she wanted to plan, the woman finally started typing and, presumably, started to help the customer.  It was very off-putting.\n\nI was called back to take my passport photo, but as I was stepping back toward the wall to get the photo taken a man spraying insecticide sprayed the wall behind me and kept spraying continuously along the baseboards.  The woman taking my picture asked me to step back further.  As I have an allergy to some pesticides\/insecticides, I asked if we could do it on another wall.  She said I couldn't and to get as close as possible to avoid a shadow.  I did.  I wasn't quite ready for the photo when she took it, but she did not bother showing it to me or asking me if I was pleased with it.  Still, it was free to me as a AAA Plus member.  You get what you pay for.  \n\nOverall, I will be avoiding this AAA office.  I have been a member of AAA since the 90s when on my parents' plan and continuously since 2002 on my own plan.  I have never had an issue with the service.  I just don't really care for their office.