This is easily the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. It really seems like it should be illegal to charge how much they charge for a place in such a state of disrepair, and not even that conveniently located.  I don't think I'm particularly picky with hotels; I just want clean, safe, and quiet. But \"Quality\" suites seemed like more of a sketchy place you'd rent by the hour to conduct a drug deal or perform other illicit activity and then leave, not to actually sleep in. \n\nThe condition of the room was absolutely awful. It smelled horribly like rotting garbage, and despite emptying the majority of a bottle of Febreze it still smelled terrible. Nearly everything in the room looked like it had been brought in during the 70's, and then left for the next 40 years. Again, I was shocked that they could charge this much for how poorly maintained it was.\n\nUpon check-in we were excited to discover the complimentary shuttle. I was thinking that this might be the saving grace of the hotel and justify both the cost and the stench. We booked 2 spots on the shuttle to take us to Heinz field the next morning and were told to go to a specified pickup place to get the shuttle back and that they would be running pickups every 30 minutes up to 3 hours after the game. If there was no shuttle, then we were told to just call and ask to be picked up. Ok, sounds great. We go to our game, walk around the city a bit, and then only 2 hours after the game went to the designated pickup spot. We waited for a few minutes and I decided to call, just to check on the status of the shuttle. We're told the driver was just leaving and that he would be there in 20 minutes. 45 minutes later, still no shuttle. I decided to call and check in again. I'm now told that the shuttle has a load of people to take to the Penguins game and that he can get me in an hour. Unacceptable. This could've been their saving grace, but ended up being just as bad.\n\nI will never ever stay here again and highly recommend looking elsewhere for your lodging needs anywhere around Pittsburgh. There is not one redeeming quality about this scam of a place.