So, being the pizza aficionado that I am, I am always on the lookout for a new place I haven't tried out yet.  I work with some awesome people, and one of the ladies, Kelly, was telling me about this pizza joint that recently opened here on Bell.  She is an long time resident of Phoenix, and she was telling me that she used to go to the other location (Camelback) all the time.  I was headed out to lunch the other day and didn't know where I was headed (I don't recommend doing this because you spend time driving around undecided and wind up at some place shitty like Jack in the Box or something similar...lol!).  I started to drive Westbound down Bell and decided to head on over here to finally try this place out.  I called my order in for a small cheese pizza.  The guy told me it would be about 20 minutes, and I was on my way.  Went inside, waited about 5 minutes for my pizza to finish cooking, paid him my $8.00 and was on my way.  Here is how it was............\n\nSmall Cheese Pizza-  This pizza looked pretty good, but right away I could tell it was greasy as a mofo!  I could see the sheen on top of the cheese and even a little pocket of oil on the box in the corner.  I was a bit bummed out, but hoped for the best.  I left the lid off my pizza box on the way back to work to let it cool down a bit so I could devour it once I parked.  I tore off a piece and bit in.  First impression is that the cheese was a little lesser quality than what I prefer.  It was kind of \"loose\" and didn't meld all as one.  Maybe it was the cut\/shred of the cheese?  Or maybe it was the quality of it.  Budget cheese usually is greasy as hell.  That was definitely the case here.  I'm no pussy though and I was not going to let this fine disc of dough, sauce and cheese go to waste!  Once I got past the first initial cheese encounter, the rest of this pizza was freaking fantastic!  It had a great sauce, and fantastic crust.  The bottom and edge of the crust had tons of tiny little air bubbles which makes for an excellent crunch and chew.  This pizza (minus the cheap cheese) reminded me of Hank's Pizza from my childhood growing up in Hawthorne.  Not a \"best thing I ever ate\" type pizza, but just a solid neighborhood pizza joint.  Very similar sauce and crust.  That is a good thing!  I mowed down my 8 small slices and was satisfied.  For $8.00, it was a good lunch!\n\nOverall, I am glad I tried it.  I am going to give it another shot or two and see if my pizza turns out the same the next few times.  If the cheese issue is going to be a standard, not sure I will seek this place out and return often.  But, if it was just a \"one off\", and next time the cheese melds better, this could be a go to joint!  The sauce and crust were some of the best I have found in Phoenix!  Service was friendly and the price was great!