I tried many many different hair salons across Scarborough\/Markham\/North York area. Yet, I always find myself stumbling back to Salon de Elephant. I often request Karen to give me something where I can manage with minimum effort (i.e. no hair products) and she always delivers. I wear hats, headphones, and play plenty of sports, so I value time-spent-on-hair-to-handsome-hair ratio greatly. \n\nDetail description:\nWhen you first walk into the Salon, it really feels like you've walked into a living space. I probably will design my house\/apartment to look like Salon de Elephant in the near future. While most salons are cramped and loud, SdE generates a classy Southern Tennessee bar (or coffee-shop-esqued, for those who don't drink) feeling. The book shelves with Karen's handpicked selections welcome the bookworms while the up-to-date thick-ass magazines can easily trick you into picking them up mindlessly. The coffee, ever so dark, requires no sugar nor milk, just the way it should be. When a hair salon doesn't smell like a hair salon but like a cabin in the Banff Park, it's often a good sign that some attention is put into keeping the life in lifestyle. SdE staffs also cares about their music. Their mixtapes have some good jams that really hit the spot. One could ask them to add in a song or two and it will appear the next time, but don't quote me on it. In conclusion, the experience of SdE makes you feel like your vegan hipster friend will like it too.\n\nLet's talk about the haircut:\nI once asked Karen if I can get a sick fade. I got a fade so fly my cool black friend, Tyron, asked me where I got it from, no jokes. I usually get 5 short\/simple haircuts for every whatever-is-trending-at-the-time haircut. For sure the trending haircuts get attention from the ladies but I would like to emphasize that short\/simple\/utilitarian is the way to go. Ask Karen for the Util#48. It's the timeless one that really conveys the message, \"I care about my hair, I hate hair products, I just want to look good without trying.\" Fuck it, book an appointment right now, for you or for your boyfriend, and ask for Karen's Util#48. \nHonestly, the way she looks at my hair while she cuts them is the same look when Francis Mallmann cooks in the wild. It's freedom, it's attention, it's instinct, it's love. Once there wasn't that many people in the salon and Karen took her time to cut my hair. I think a documentary should be filmed there on the spot. Karen waltz around my chair, figuratively, while cutting my hair. She likes what she's doing, I think her energy is masterclass and her haircut, timeless.