I've been open since Nov 2013 and DRSS really helped me through the process of finding a location, financing, my leasing contract, merchandising, ordering and building\/setting up my store and many other things.  Unlike owning a franchise, I felt I had a say in every step of the process and at any point IF I wanted to I could've stopped and said No to anything I didn't like\/agree with.  Some owners might not like having a merchandise package pre-set for their 1st order\/opening but it's truly the best way.  No one knows based on your location what is gonna be hot or not.  Just because it's hot in many other locations it might not be the hot item for your store.  So after the initial opening, you have 100% freedom to re order an item or choose something different based on customer feedback.  This isn't a franchise, do what you want. There is no sure thing in anything you do.  I've learned for my particular store to have a small amount of an item but have lots of variety and it has been great for me.  Some vendors might not be so flexible with having smaller case sizes for what you want and we've learned that there are SO many choices\/other vendors to order from out there that we typically end up much happier than getting stuck with lots of something that didn't end up selling.  DRSS is very helpful anytime I need to call and ask for advice with a product or vendor or a display or anything at all.  Remember it's advice, it's not a franchise, do what you want. Some things work out great, others don't. You really just have to keep talking to your customers and find out what is popular for your location.  I also HIGHLY recommend attending trade shows like toyfest and ASD here in Las Vegas (they are here twice a year).  This gives you a chance to meet with current and new vendors, touch and play with new merchandise that might interest you and you can do this on your own or a representative of DRSS can spend time with you to help you as well, it's totally your choice.  All I can end with is what you get out of your business depends on the effort you put into it. It doesn't run itself.  Thank you DRSS for what you've helped me with and the flexibility to do what I want with my own business.