I've had MidiCi as a bookmark for a long time based on my Yelp friends recommendations. So we decided to try this place on a Sunday night. \n\nI wasn't sure what to expect but knew it was more like a fast food pizza place. So we walk in and it's bright, airy, very clean, and noticed that there are a lot of people working here. We get to the counter to order and have to pull one of their menus. It's pretty big menu for an order at the counter type of place. Anyways, we ordered a Caesars salad, Margarita pizza, and a Hawaiian pizza. You get a number, pick your own table, they will bring your food to you and clean the table. \n\nIt's a get your own water, plates, silverware, and any condiments type of place. \n\nService was really quick and also cause there weren't a lot of people there at night. The Caesar salad was big enough to share and I thought it was very fresh. One thing that surprised me is my wife was eating the croutons. To others this is not a big deal but to her, she will only eat these if they are fresh otherwise they are on my plate. Hahaha. The salad was so fresh. It was very good and we even liked the touch of chocolate around the rim of the bowl. Very unique. \n\nThe pizzas came out fairly quickly too. Both pizzas were very good. Very fresh ingredients. The Hawaiian was basically a Margarita pizza with pineapple and ham on top. So the sauce was very good, loved the mozzarella, and the basil. The crust was thin but not too thin with a little chew to it. I really liked it. You can tell this was fresh. \n\nSo I would say that this place is an upscale fast food pizza place that serves more that just fast food but has nice selections of appetizers, drinks, and desserts too. The service was very good. The people there do their job and seem serious but not friendly just more business like. Very clean. Food is really good. Really fresh. Spot on for us and yet there prices are very reasonable. We had a salad and two pizzas for $32. Really good. The atmosphere was really good. Not real loud but a very calm and relaxing. \n\nWe both had a really good meal. My wife even asked what days they are open caused she really like the place too. So of course we will be back. Good food and reasonable price at an upscale fast food pizza place. Enjoy we did.