To be fair I am originally from Maryland so my standards for a place that claims to have Maryland style seafood might be high but it also meant I was super stoked to try this place out. We had a group on deal that was purchased for $15 for 25$ worth of food. Upon arrival we were seated by a hostess who took our drink orders. The server \"Richard\" came up to take our order with a smile but using his iphone. I was having dinner with my Mother and two children aged 7 and 4 . Since  the restaurant only has two items on their kids menu - Fried Shrimp or Chicken strips I was forced to get my 7 year old a adult entree of spice and peel  shrimp which turned out to be my favorite thing in the whole place. My Mother got a order of Boardwalk fries and the Annapolis Crab Dip (Sliced toasted baguette covered with rich cream cheese & crab meat) yes it was a appetizer but she ordered it as her entree and they brought it out FIRST which is a personal pet peeve of mine but hey at least they didn't let it get cold right?  The dip appeared to have tons of crab in it but it was majorly lacking flavor and the Baguettes were very chewy and not anything I would order again especially for the price . We were pleased it didn't have a artificial crab flavor. Since our server was no where to be found we weren't able to locate the Old Bay till the end our meal but it helped with the flavor a bit. I ordered the Pick 2 Combo Entree  which they have a decent number of options to pick from I went with Fried Oysters (My personal Fav anywhere that serves them) and Fried Clams which comes with two sides (I went with hush puppies and potato salad) for 12.99. I thought it was a pretty good deal $ wise. My Oysters were really good but my clams were way over cooked same with the hush puppies. When the host lady brought my food I didn't notice until I went to ask for Tartar sauce that my potato salad was missing and this is why my rating ended up being a 2 instead of a  3. I advised her that my potato salad must of been forgotten and that we were still waiting on the fries instead of a let me check on where those are or a sorry she said and I quote \" No Maam it just wasn't ready yet so it didn't get brought out\"  so to me that was just really rude because I have been many places and they do not prepare potato salad made to order it's essentially just a scoop which I did eventually get . She didn't bring my tartar sauce and when I finally flagged down our server \"Richard\" he did say sorry and that he would get my potato salad and check on my Moms fries. Guess what? he brought my potato salad but didn't bring my tartar sauce which was what I wanted all along so by the time I was able to eat my yummy oysters they were cold and I was already annoyed. The boardwalk fries did finally come out once we were almost done with our whole meal but Richard was kind enough to try to rectify my upset by comping us for the fries which turned out to be somewhat of a saving grace but I still wouldn't go back to this place again. The service needs improvement and for the price the food just doesn't outweigh the slow turnover and mediocre job on the items. The peel and eat shrimp really was delicious though and if you are dying for a place where you can pick your own crab and enjoy some spicy shrimp its worth checking out but I can't say I will be back.