Holy Beer! \n\nI came with a couple of buddies on a Saturday evening. Being a beer nerd I had heard that this new bar had an excellent selection of craft beer, and I was not mislead. As soon as I walked in and saw the beer board I think I heard angels singing. The beer board listed all the beers they had on tap and Oh man was it impressive! They have about 25 taps all of which are craft beers, Ontario craft beers are well represented with a few imports as well as a couple Quebec beers. \n\nMy friends and I were famished so we decided to order some food. The menu is not too large and has some pretty traditional pub food as well as a good selection of mussel bowls, they also sell oysters. I decided to have the sweet potato empanadas and a jerk and lager mussel bowl for mains. The food was pretty good, the empanadas were nicely fried, not greasy at all but were lacking a spice component. My mussel bowl was advertised as spicy so I was very excited for some heat. Sadly the mussel bowl was not up to my spice standard. It did have a nice kick but IMO could have been much spicier, however the mussels were very fresh and cooked to perfection. I got my mussels with a side of very nice crusty bread which was helpful in sopping up the broth and the fries I ordered were just OK. \n\nThe service was very attentive, my friends and I are beer connoisseurs so we did not need much guidance and knew the beers we were going to order. However there were some craft beer novices at the bar and I did overhear the bartender explaining some beers to them, it was clear he knew his stuff! The ambiance of the place is very intimate and they do have a small street patio. The price of the food was reasonable (15-20 for mains) and draft beers ranged from $6-$9 dollars (however they also have a bottle menu and some of those beers can get pricey). \n\nOverall a great place if you are a beer nerd or novice, highly recommended! Food was not amazing but still satisfying.\n\nOn a side note I had the following beers: Delerium Tremens (Belgian, and AMAZING), Unibroue Raftman (Quebec, Belgian style IPA it was OK), and Wellington County Imperial stout (Guelph, Very good). Many of their beers can be high in alcohol so tread lightly, needless to say by my third pint I was feeling happy.