I've never been written a bad review before, but I had to make sure no one has to experience what we did. This is one of the worst restaurants I've been to in recent memory.  Do not, under any circumstances, eat here.  If you're at Yorkdale, you're better off at Joeys or even the food court.\n\nLet's start from the beginning:\n\nWe called the restaurant 3 times, before leaving home and got no answer. It was Thursday night and we wanted to make sure we could get a table.  We decided to take a chance and go anyway.  When we got there and asked why they didn't answer the phone, they said they don't answer the phone in the evenings because they only have one phone line and needed to keep it open; for what, I don't know.  \n\nWe sat at the table and no one came to get our drink order for 10 minutes.  The restaurant was only moderately busy.  We tried to look online to see what dishes people recommended but there was no cell reception.  So we waited.\n\nWhen the server finally came he was pleasant but offered no apology for the wait.  After we got our drinks we placed our order.  Because it was our first time there, we decided to share our items to see how we liked the food, rather than ordering a lot and having it go to waste. We got the calamari and the Italian burger.  Some might fault us for getting a burger at an Italian restaurant, but there was a lot attention given to it in local media and there was even a video online showing how it's made.\n\nWhen we got the calamari, the portion was tiny in comparison to the price.  It was too salty, rubbery, and there was no heat or chilli flavour, even though the waiter made mention there was.\n\nThe burger was absolutely awful.  We told them we were sharing but they didn't split it, even thought every other restaurant we've ever shared a burger at has done so.  When we asked for a knife to split it, they didn't offer to take it back and cut it, they just dropped a knife off at the table. There were no distinct or discernible flavours. The textures and toppings were bizarre.  The tartness of the gherkin was missing, there was no heat from the chillies and the \"salsa\" was just cherry tomato halves that only watered down the burger. Although there were numerous toppings, the burger had no taste; not even smoked\/Bbq\/grilled taste to the meat. It was not worth being on any menu at any restaurant.  A fast food burger has more flavour.\n\nWhen we got our bill, we thought the nightmare was over. It was not.  Because of the aforementioned lack of reception, the credit\/debit machine could not connect to receive the payment.  We waited as the server went back and forth getting new machines, and each would fail.  On the fourth try it finally worked, and we got out of there as quickly as possible.\n\nJamie Oliver should be embarrassed to have his name on this restaurant. It's a total dud.