It has been several months since I have felt so inspired to write a review! The last restaurant to utilize this location was a disappointment to say the least. I have only been in this area for four years, but my understanding is that very few restaurants have been able to be successful in this lesser visited part of Davidson. One would not think that only being a half mile up the road from downtown Davidson would make it that much harder, but it appears to be so. After my first experience at the Davidson Ice House, I think that trend might change! \n\nThe first thing that surprised me upon entering the restaurant is the fact that, rather than be seated at a table by a host, you simply approach the front counter and order there. I must say that this new trend is something I have come to favor. While in a higher scale establishment it is nice to be served, I often feel that I would much rather be in charge of my own dining experience by being personally charged with letting the staff know when I need something rather than to have someone constantly coming to check on me. The young man working behind the counter was very pleasant and thankfully very patient as I looked at all of my options. If you have not already looked at their menu, the Davidson Ice House specializes in making bowls. Think of Chipotle but with healthier options and where your food is made in a kitchen rather then made cafeteria style in front of you. That is not to say that the kitchen does not have a similar set up as chipotle does, but the food certainly tasted very fresh. \n\nI must admit, it took me quite some time to figure out exactly how I wanted to make my first bowl. My fiancé was perhaps smarter than me and chose one of the pre-made bowls. For my bowl I chose mixed greens, cast iron chicken, marinated eggplant, spicy Pimento cheese, and creamy pesto sauce. It was fantastic! The marinated eggplant stole the show! I could have easily eaten an entire bowl of just eggplant! The pimento cheese was good, but I would not call it sassy. That does not mean it is not worth having, but if you are getting the Pimento cheese specifically for a unique flavor profile, you should skip it. \n\nAs to people giving bad reviews due to the lack of protein and overall food, I would like to point out that this place is marketed as a place for healthier eating options. One of the things that has caused Americans, myself included, to become so overweight is the huge portions. As one negative reviewer pointed out, you absolutely can go down the street for a large burger if that is what you are looking for. This is not the place for a fat greasy burger. This is not the place to eat so much food that you need a nap afterwards. This is a place you go when looking for a healthy option for eating out. If you want a big burger, go to Bad Daddys. \n\nI think  one of the reasons this spot will become more and more popular is that it is quite easy to dine in house, but it is just as easy to take your meal to go. It is wonderful to have a healthier food option that can be, should you choose this route, \"fast food\". \n\nAs a final note, I would like to give the owner kudos. I respect that, rather than attempt to come up with some fancy name with some hidden meaning, the owner chose a name that utilizes and draws attention to the historic place in which she chosen to build her restaurant.\n\nI would highly recommend checking this place out! I know I will be back!