Heads up! This is going to be one of those reviews where I try tell you about everything because it would be a shame to miss anything. If I can even come close to making it seem like I'm going way overboard on the detail - good. But I assure you I won't even come close to the amount of care and detail that they have poured into this restaurant.\n\n+How to go to Charbar:\nAs I see it, there's two ways to have the best Charbar experience that anyone could have. I think it's important to commit to one or the other and not try to mix the two so you don't cheat yourself out of something special.\n\n1. The All In - \n\nMake a special evening of it and plan to spend your whole time here. It took quite a long time for each dish to make its way to our table, but as we weren't in a hurry, it was very easy to roll with it and enjoy our time here. Fall in love with, and learn everything you can about the food, the staff, the building and the Charbar concept. By now, you've probably learned that it's in the Simmons Mattress heritage building in the East Village - that it's a one of a kind shared space between other local business icons Phil & Sebastian Coffee Roasters and Sidewalk Citizen Bakery. You'll probably also have learned how this symbiotic building sharing lets Charbar serve up bread and coffee directly from the source. But this is just the tip of the ice berg! \n\nIf the building interests you, make sure you ask for a tour. They've got a wealth of stories all the way from the history of the space, to the challenges involved in cleaning out a century old mattress feather chute, to installing a brand new elevator in a building with hundred year old wood floors. \n\nIf the food interests you (and it will,) make sure to learn about Chef Jessica's time spent in Argentina and how it has influenced the Charbar menu. Learn about the traditional Argentinian fire ovens and seem them in action. The coolest part? None of this is insider info I'm passing your way. Chef Jessica is actively bouncing from table to table, introducing dishes and telling you about her downright artistic visions. We felt like total rockstars and at the same time were trying our best not to fanboy\/girl right out at having such a rockstar chef come to our table.\n\nAlso hopping from table to table making everyone feel welcome, was one of Charbar's owners, Connie - She's so lovely! As \"The Yelp Guy,\" I had met Connie before, so in an attempt to keep my review as honest as possible, I tried to sneak past her, but it didn't work. When she spotted me, I made her promise that our table wouldn't receive any special treatment and I honestly don't think we did... But what I hadn't counted on is that it is very clearly everyone at Charbar's goal to make every single person's experience the most special. Did we receive special treatment? Oh heck yeah - but not above and beyond what any of the other tables could have expected, only above and beyond what anyone could expect from other restaurants. Connie's passion for everything that goes on within Charbar's walls is completely contagious. There's a story behind everything at Charbar, much of which is still ongoing. (As a result they've kept lots of space open on their \"inspiration wall\" to continue the story as it evolves, but that's enough from me, go learn from her.) Charbar is the collective result of many many years experience and loving dedication to the restaurant world and she's happy to share it with you and wants you to have the best time at her restaurant in a way that is completely honest and authentic. What's also really incredible is how this enthusiasm seems to get past along to all the Charbar staff (at least the ones I talked to). Our server (David) really seemed to love being involved with such a great restaurant and some excellent suggestions.\n\nAfter dinner, maybe, maybe if you're up to it, you'll be able to talk yourself and your dinner guests into a fat saunter down the river walk, but hopefully you'll be so full of tasty goodness that you won't know what to do with yourself. Uncomfortable yes, but you'll know you'll have done it right.\n\n2. The Drinkin', Light Bitin', Raw Bar Experience\n\nI haven't done this yet, but you can bet that I will. The cocktails we had during our dinner experience were excellent and I'd love to hit up an after work session here for a few of these and to dive into their raw bar. By now, you may have heard about their incredible rood top patio, overlooking the bow river. It's pretty easy to say this would be an excellent spot to grab a few drinks in the sunshine, or even in the evening as the river path is lit so colourfully, and enjoy some light bites. You should note that they have a different menu for the patio. Instead of running food upstairs, they have another open concept kitchen complete with a smaller version of the Argentinian grill. This would make for some high quality foodie compliments to your patio session, but for the full dinner experience, sit inside. Rev limit