ZERO STARS\nI am lost for words. \nBut I thought its my duty to let everyone know and help save time and money and perhaps a life.\nThis was my first time going to this resturant  and it will be the last.\nService was horrible, food is not that far from the service. We had so many ppl coming to our table and going (serving or cleaning plates) that we couldn't tell who was our server. \nFor starter we ordered calamari and took forever to take our order; it must be the i pad (tip- get rid of it, use pen and paper).\nOne of our friends dining with us had shellfish allergy, after making sure our server  keenly aware, we found a few shrimp mixed in with our appetizer. This is bad practice. What began as a casual dinner with friends  quickly became a situaion that could've ended up in the ER. Thank goodnes she noticed, but what if it had been a child, we would all be reading a differnt review...\nWhen we notifed the shrimp in our calamari we made the server aware, she didn't even appologize she just said \"thats how it is!\". WRONG!!  THAT IS NOT HOW IT IS.\nThe next day i called  to contact the manager, he wasn't available. Instead i was directed to the kitchen manager Mr. Joe. I explained to him what transpired, he offered me a gift card to shut me up; of which i refused. He then assured that they take food allergies very seriously, I was then told it was the responsibilty of the patron to accept the risk of possible contamination at this establishment. I guess it was my fault to eat at  fishbone grill. Lesson learned I will never be dining here again. Mr Joe this review is for you... \nEvery 3 min a food allergy resulting in anaphalactic shock sends someone to the emergency room accross the country. \nI can see why because poeple, like those working in bonefish grill, could careless. Staff needs  to be educated about the serverety of these conditons.\nI hope this review can help someone before they dine at Bonefish grill.\nPlease learn from this and if you have a food allergy all I can say is RUN,