Bourbon Jacks is a casual restaurant with wait service. They offer burgers, sandwiches, soup, a few salads, entrees and a bar in a fun cozy old fashioned sort of farm house environment. Not all but much of the menu is familiar but with maybe a small interesting twist that makes it a  little different that you won't find at other places.\n\nThey offer many burgers on the menu and my husband asked the server if they serve medium rare burgers here. She assured him that they do serve medium rare burgers indeed.\n\n Guess What? They bring him out a well done burger.....  :( ............It's clear as day the burger is well done and placed in front of my husband. He informs the waitress that the burger is well done. She does offer to box up the burger and have the kitchen prepare a new burger but he declines because he wanted to eat with me and didn't want my sandwich getting cold. The waitress knew my husband was unhappy and I think he frightened her off because we didn't see her until the check arrived after that. I do note that the waitress was nice and friendly and did take the criticism reasonably well from my husband. He did say that the cheese was tasty in his sandwich and he did like the sweet beans with sausage.\n\nI ordered a grilled chicken sandwich. It was served on a squished down roll that was hard or stale with crunch. The chicken inside was also squished down and was slightly burnt tasting with a weird texture....not tender or natural....sort of like chicken with the snap of a hot dog with casing. On top of the chicken was a green chili that I thought would be tasty but it just tasted canned to me with that canned texture. My side order was the deviled potato salad. It had a good taste to it but the texture was very unprofessional as it was more like mashed potatoes.....It was mostly all creamy with a few small lumps of potato and a couple tiny pieces of hard egg. My roll was awful, the chicken and pepper were unappetizing and the potato salad was more like mashed potatoes. I ate because I was very hungry at the time but I didn't enjoy myself and it was more like punishment.\n\nWhen we received the bill we noticed that they did remove the burger from our bill. In this case I wouldn't say anything about my meal if I saw someone anyway because you can't complain about everything...One major complaint is enough.\n\n Hopefully I just hit them on a bad day when the regular cook was on a day off.\n\nThe cook that served us needs basic training to prepare medium rare burgers, rolls, chicken and potato salad.