When it comes to delicious donuts, my mind fights the temptation of taking in all of the sugar and calories. At the same time my taste buds love the delicious taste of super-sized pastry donuts teamed up with candy, frosting, fruits, and other delectable ingredients. When it comes down to it, I'm a lover and not a fighter. It is my love for these donuts that leads me to the temptation of walking into Donut shops just like Donut Mania. \n\n It was only in recent times that I have walked into the doors of Donut Mania. The reason is that less than a year ago there were no doors to walk into. Donut Mania was desert. Donut Mania along with the adjacent stores are a new expansion of the Green Valley at Horizon Ridge Target Shopping Center. It just so happened that one of the stores was Starbuck's. I'm attracted to Starbuck's like a bee is to honey. When I visited the new Starbuck's, I set eyes on Donut Mania. \n\n  A few Yelper's were not too fond of their coffee. I never gave it a try because the Donut Mania Donuts would be sharing a table with Starbuck's coffee a couple of stores down. What a way to compliment the coffee. \n\n  My visits to Donut Mania with the Starbuck's a couple of stores down have taken place on a weekend mid-morning before a hike in the vicinity of Sloan Canyon National Conservation Area. In the back of my mind, I knew that I would be burning off some of the sugar and calories. \n\n  In juxtaposition to the donuts, the shop itself is tiny. There are a couple of seats. An L-shaped counter borders the tiny public area. On the left counter is the register and overhead menu. The overhead menu breaks the donuts down by three categories. At 99 cents there is are classics. This includes vanilla cake, chocolate iced, sugar, and glazed. An additional 30 cents pays for a supreme category donut. This includes cereal bar donuts, glazed twist, and Boston Cream. Topping off at $1.90 is the gourmet donut category. This includes some imaginative donuts such as I Dream of Reese's, Nutty Buddy, and Strawberries & Cream. In addition to donuts they serve fritters and cinnamon swirls. When I paid the woman who runs the place, she taps my smartphone to confirm the Yelp Check-in offer that takes 10 percent off my bill. From my experience I will pass on a tip. The menu doesn't matter. If you are like me, your eyes will look straight ahead at the two display cases holding these pastry masterpieces. \n\n   A Donut Mania donut is truly a pastry masterpiece. I could understand why this family owned business has been around for around fifty years and expanded from the Durango Drive location to a second one in Henderson. I have experimented with different donuts. My two favorite donuts are the Fruity Pebbles and Strawberry Shortcake that is sometimes called the strawberries and cream. These are mutant donuts filled with an out of this World delicious taste. They also look delicious. One morning when I set the two donuts on a Starbuck's table, a woman complimented me on how delicious the strawberry donut looks. If only she could of tasted the large fresh strawberries with the rich cream enveloped in a delectable pastry that I had the privilege to enjoy. The Strawberry donut was followed by another tasty donut topped with the sweet and crunchy taste of Fruity Pebbles. I have also enjoyed a Captain Crunch Berries donut that gave the others a run for their money. \n\n   Taking into consideration that I am a lover of pastries and good food, I see myself revisiting Donut Mania in conjunction with the Starbuck's a few doors down. When you also take into consideration that I am a lover of hiking, most likely my next visit will be before a long hike in nearby Sloan Canyon National Conservation Area.