I have so many great memories from Camelview over the years. I always loved this place to begin with because it showed independent and foreign films, which are my preferred genres. To add to that I was in a long-term relationship with a French girl, and since I've always loved French flicks anyway we came here almost every couple of weeks to see whatever was the latest hit out of Paris. \n\nUnfortunately my most recent visit was not such a great memory, through no fault of the theatre. I came last month when I was with my visiting brother and mom. Mom had originally expressed a desire to see Seinfeld's \"Bee Movie\", but since it got some lukewarm reviews and we knew that she typically likes suspense thrillers, we opted for \"Before the Devil Knows You're Dead\" playing at Camelview instead. \n\nUm. How can I put this delicately? How about... the opening scene of \"Before the Devil\" consists of an overweight Philip Seymour-Hoffman banging the shit out of Marisa Tomei. Doggy-style of course. For 2 or 3 straight minutes. After banging her, they both rolled over onto their backs and discussed how strong of an orgasm Philip had. \n\nPicture watching this opening scene with your mom. Also picture your mom being a traditional, prim and proper 63-year old woman from India. As the scene unfolded my brother and I glanced at each other horrified. About 5 minutes later, I dared to look over to see how Mom was doing and the look of pure, unadulterated revulsion on her face is something I've never seen before. Stifling my laughter I asked what she thought of the movie so far. Which was a mistake, because she very loudly responded so every audience member around us could hear, \"WHAT IS THIS FILTH? I'M GETTING OUT FROM HERE AND GOING HOME, NOW!\" With chuckles coming in from everyone around us, I somehow managed to convince her to stay. About 20 minutes or so later, when the very interesting plot of this fantastic film had further been revealed, I glanced at her again. Incredibly, that look of pure revulsion was still there. I think it was permanently frozen on her face for the entire evening. \n\nShould've gone to the Bee Movie.