Very cute breakfast place. Amazing food!\n\nI'm sitting here drafting this review as I watch my son finishing our breakfast. It makes me a bit sad that this place is so far from my home. I drove here from Henderson, its located on Southern Highlands Pkwy & Cactus. If it was close, I'd be the Duchess...fast! And weigh much more, probably...\n\nI was a waitress back in the day at locally owned restaurants like Rise & Shine, and as I giggle watching these ladies serve food dressed in flannel pajamas, all I wondered was \"Why didn't I work at a place where pjs were the uniform?!?!\" How much more comfortable can you make it, right?! So you can imagine, it definitely has a warm feeling. The smell of French toast and coffee and cinnamon gets your nose up as you walk in the door. \n\nThe menu - you can order your standards. Omelets, pancakes, bacon & eggs. Then you see Crunch Cinnamon Raisin French Toast and Spiced Rubbed Rib Eye Chilaquiles, Fried Chicken and Waffles, and homemade Corned Beef Hash. \n\nWhat else? Most egg plates come with your choice of toast, biscuit, or the ever popular pot of bread. Very adorable little round loaf of slightly cinnamon gooey deliciousness seem to be on many tables during my visits. \n\nThe drinks - freshly squeezed orange juice is always a favorite of mine I share with my son. But I had to try their French press coffee after reading about it. A generous serving is brought to your table, accompanied by a sand hourglass, with three separate colored sands. You decide which sand to follow to determine how strong you want your coffee. Love it!! (see photo if you can't picture what I'm saying)\n\nI haven't dined here for lunch, but I slightly glanced at it while drooling over the breakfast choices. If you're not in the mood for breakfast, like their current special, Baked Blueberry Pecan French Toast Casserole or my personal favorite, Make-Your-Own Yogurt Parfait, you can choose from burgers, salads, panini sandwiches, and daily specials like meatloaf, fish & chips, and chicken broccoli pot pie, served until they run out. They also offer a few kid's plates, however, if you have a toddler like me, the generous portions they serve is more than enough to share! Prices are decent, the service I've received have been warm, inviting, and prompt. \n\nI think if the next few visits are as awesome as my previous ones, they definitely warrant a 5-star review. For now, it is far to drive to, and I do wish they offered lighter healthier options, too. Do I end up ordering them? Not much. But I like having the choice when I'm feeling weight-conscious on those rare occasions. Nonetheless, I'm a big fan of Rise & Shine's yummy breakfasts!