My review is based on my experience not the quality of the merchandise.  My wife and I were looking for outdoor furniture, found something we liked, 2 metal chairs a\nThat kind of bounce not rock, kind of an old fashioned style.  We paid for them, went up to the next step of showing the slip to the woman outside the warehouse in the waiting area.  She said it would be about 20 mins and we received one of those buzzers like at a restaurant to let us know when our stuff was ready and what garage door to go to,to pick up our stuff.  As I sat in my car for an hour waiting and watched as people who were in line behind me, finally got the buzz.  \nI pulled up my stuff was loaded, individually wrapped pieces.  Laterthat night started putting the chairs together, and realized they forgot 4 bars used to stabilize the chairs.  Had to drive back, about 20 mins later got my bars.  The next day started to put the chair together and i cant honselty remember what was wrong but I  to go back i the morning, then again later in the day  realized they gave me 4 right sides of the chair, so  they wouldn't go together.  3rd trip back, explained what happened, had to sit in the \"returns and damaged goods garage door.   At first the guy only put in that I needed I left side of the chair, the warehouse worker brought I chair, then he had to put on the we needed a second one, so I had to wait.  That guy brought a chair that had 2 right sides, and no bars (now I didn't need the bars but I noticed he didn't bring the bars with him just like my first time). So at this point I am thinking someone else has 4 left sides of chairs).  Finally a 3 guy brought two. Complete chairs.  I went back into the store to complain, and was told that they have no customer service people in the store to listen to customers, you have to call a number to talk to customer service person.\n\n4 trips, about 2 1\/2 hours of waiting.     The chairs are good, but will not go back no matter how cheap. Not worth the hassle.