I had high hopes for La Palette. I had been before when they were in their Kensington Location and I remember liking it a lot. We went last night for my boyfriend's birthday, and we were a little disappointed. We had a nice time, but on the way home we both mused that we wouldn't be able to give them 4 stars as there were highs and lows.\n\nSince it was his birthday, we were sparing no expense and looking to have a fabulous meal. They get points for having a great menu and a lot of wonderful daily specials that feature game meat, which we both love. The girl who sat us explained these in detail.\n\nIn order to better decide, we asked our server to recommend a few things. We asked him about the Frog's Legs and he replied that he had not tried them because of a gluten allergy. Well, ok, but are they regarded as being good? What is the feedback from other diners? Could you ask another server? The service wasn't bad, it was quite good, but I'm always stumped at why servers think that diners need to hear about allergies or eating habits. Even if you're a vegetarian, it's your job to sell the food on the menu, so you should be able to describe the steak.\n\nWe had a glass of Pinot Noir to begin and then ordered a glass of Muscat with our foie gras, as per he suggestion on the menu. However, they were out of Muscat and the bartender suggested a Sweet Hungarian Wine, that she would give us for the same price?? I'm thinking that a sweet Hungarian wine that isn't even on your wine list, should be LESS or even free in place of not having the advertised pairing, \n\nThe foie gras helping was of a decent size, but we both felt that it was under\nseasoned and the texture was not that great. I don't think I've ever had that complaint about foie gras before. Frog's Legs were good -- like less meaty chicken wings with a nice flavour. The escargot were nothing special and we found them to be more of a garnish on a salad, which was underwhelming.\n\n i wouldn't recommend the Prix Fixe as the portions seemed to be much smaller than those on the A La Carte menu.\n\nI had the quack and track and the Horse Tenderloin was exceptionally tender and flavourful. The barley risotto was nice, and the duck confit, while flavourful, lacked the nice crispy duck skin that I enjoyed the last time I was at La Palette.\n\nThe Wild Boar Rib that my boyfriend had was nice and smoky and came with a warm cabbage slaw that was really good, but only the half of the rib that was still on the bone was tender. The rest was a bit dry.\n\nThe lemon tart was delicious and I had three cheeses that were very nice.\n\nOur bill came to $230 and I couldn't help but feel that we could have had a better dinner elsewhere for  far less. I might go back for the atmosphere and to have a few nibbles off the appetizer menu and a glass of wine, but we were not very impressed with La Palette. I wish we'd gone to Le Paradis, where almost everything is half the price and twice as delicious.