If I could give them ZERO, I would. This place is HORRIBLE.\nI made an appointment over a week in advance since I was travelling to Vegas and wanted a cover up. I gave the $50 deposit (They require it so YOU show up, although once you do they screw up the appointment anyway so there is no record of you, even though I had an email and 2 phone calls confirming everything.)\n\nThe day of the appt, I cab it ($20) to the ghetto to get my tat. I walk in to see a complete dumbass behind the counter staring blankly at me that Im \"not in the book,\" and they cant help me because they were booked up, and Jason, the tat artist I had an \"appt\" with had his 6pm appt in there already- a local guy who showed up an hour early. The bitchy blonde owner's daughter behind the counter got ALL flustered, said \"this has never happened before, we keep our books good!\" While I mentioned to her that maybe she could ask the 6pm guy to come back later since he lived there,. and I had to leave town the next day so I couldn't come back. She asked him and the tool said, \"uh no, I have school and stuff, so I will just go somewhere else then.\" and proceeded to tell me that I didnt have an appointment, and the dizzy blonde kept saying \"I dont know what to do, I dont know what to do\" and scurried into the backroom. (To call daddy, I later found out.)\n\nWhile I waited for her to come out and apologize and refund me, the front desk idiot that \"boooked\" my appointment on the phone was busy screwing up someone else's appointment. She was also in town for the weekend, and he was booking her for the FOLLOWING weekend when she was back home! At this point, its pretty obvious that if you lack any brain capacity at all, you work the front desk at Studio 21.\nThe blonde comes back out, opens the drawer, throws $50 at me (for the deposit) and shouts \"here's your deposit back, I dont know what else you want from me.\" I was shocked at how rude and bitchy she was considering I was super nice about the mistake and wanted to make sure it didn't happen again to any other poor customer who went in there and wasted over an hour getting to the ghetto and then NOT getting their tat. I told her that I would appreciate the cab fare given to me since I was spending $40 to get there and back for an appointment that THEY screwed up. She went completely postal on me, told me \"I can take the bus for all she cared,\" and called daddy to tell him that \"Im making a scene in the lobby and that I don't want to deal with her.\" This was WAY over the top, since I was completely calm and nicely asked for my money- she obviously has some serious mental issues!\nSo, she throws the phone at me, and I say, Hi, Im not creating a scene here, I just want to make sure this doesnt happen to anyone else, and I'd appreciate you paying for my cab back to the hotel since I just wasted 40 bucks. He cut me off and said \"well first of all, I want you OUT of my shop RIGHT THIS SECOND- I already dislike you because you're calling my daughter a liar\". Then he told me to get the hell out or he'd come down and handle it. Whooo Im scared stupid man who obviously has ZERO customer service skills. The insecure-cant-handle-a-mishap-at-work-stressed-out-daughter then tells me her mommy is on the way, so I tell her I'll wait outside to chat with her.\n\nMommy then rolls up on her cell phone (chatting with hostile agressive dad Im sure) and stomps up to me. I said, Hi, I just had a mishap, and wanted to make sure it doenst happen again to someone else, and also would like to be reimbursed, etc.\" and the mom then went postal. \"Well, shit happens, we keep good books, our books are really complicated, people make mistakes..blah blah.' DUH lady. I just saw another screw up happen while I was in there, and the guy needs some training, and an apology would be NICE! On top of that, your stupid daughter claims this is the first time its ever happened, which is OBVIOUSLY false since it happened to me and another gal within 3 minutes! Then she says she will NOT have me demanding taxi fare. I asked her why I should have to pay the $40 since THEY were the ones who screwed everything up. She said she ain't giving me the cab fare, ain't her problem. So, I asked her if it was worth $40 whole dollars to her to make a VERY unhappy customer, and not only lose my business, but have me tell everyone I know how much this place sucks, and she growls, \"Are you threatening me???\" Uh, no stupid lady. Im just letting you know that I plan on telling everyone your business is run by stupid A-Holes, and that they shouldn't come here. She stomps back into the rat hole, and at that point, I decided to get the heck out of there because I knew the scary daddy was on his way down and I didn't want to die in the ghetto. \n\nI did watch from the cab, and the beeyatch did come out about 15 minutes later with NO money in her hand.\n\nSo, to sum it all up, this place is run by idiots, screws up appts, and then blames YOU! Go somewhere else!