Day-one jitters showed themselves, but all in all WORTH IT.\n\nI've never been to nor seen a Tacos4Life restaurant before they started building this one. The concept is simple: They sell you tacos, and some of that money goes to help feed kids in need. Simple, right? I love it. I can eat tacos and help kids? It is our duty, to eat tacos, FOR THE KIDS!\n\nThe line to the register was long but steadily moving, I'd say about 10 minutes in line. I ordered mine to go and I got 2 tacos and a drink. When I went to get my drink I thought I would get a sweet tea but it was wayyyy too sweet. Like, I know we're in the South but, man... this was just wrong! At first I thought it might just be me, but while waiting I watched 3 other people pour it out so I let someone know and they tasted it and apparently thought the same thing. Away it went!\n\nWhen I went to wash my hands, I found that the Soap Dispenser wasn't working. I let an employee know and they had it working in a few minutes.\n\nApparently something happened to my order. It either was sitting somewhere or was taken by someone else because after 15 minutes I inquired about it. Three others waiting to-go after me had already left. Five minutes later they showed up with my food and apologized. At first I was a bit impatient, then when I got to the office and ate... oh man!\n\nKorean BBQ Taco: Probably the greatest accomplishment the human race will ever achieve. So much flavor going on in that BBQ sauce: savory, sweet, and earthy all at once. Is it authentic? I don't know and I don't care, just give me more please. The wonton strips and cabbage on top give it a nice crunch.\n\nMango Habanero: Chicken taco, also good. If Korean BBQ had the flavor, Mango Habanero had the heat. It wasn't over-powered and to be honest I would have preferred it a little hotter. Avocado made everything nice and creamy while the cheese balanced out the astringency of the salsa. A real winner as well!\n\nYeah, this place will be a regular spot for me, no doubt. The food is outstanding and the handful of issues will be ironed out with just a little bit of oversight, no biggie.\n\nSo come, bring your wife, husband, brother, sister, co-worker, whoever and help some kids with TACOS! It's a no-brainer!