Pizzeria Bianco presents itself as an authentic Italian-style pizza house, taking pride in its quality of ingredients and consistency of dishes.  Whether the establishment has succeeded for its average patron is subject to debate.  (As a general caveat, do not trust in any Phoenix-based review of this restaurant.  Phoenix is not even remotely a world class dining city, and any restaurant in the city cannot be objectively judged by any resident of the Phoenix metropolitan area.)  The national pundits have touted this as the best pizza in America, by icons like the Food Network and even Oprah Winfrey.  Whereas the food was of acceptable quality, the dining experience itself leaves a great deal of room for improvement.  \n\nUpon entering the restaurant, an air of pretension washes over the diner; the restaurant and its staff is adequately aware of the recent press surrounding Pizzeria Bianco and it is apparent in the treatment of its patrons.  I got the distinct impression that the staff was doing me a favor by seating me, instead of me doing them a favor by providing business.   \n\nAside from the ostentatious behavior, there is typically a 2 hour wait.  This is an egregious wait (even though I was mentally prepared for such a wait).  Beyond that, parking is difficult to come by considering its smaller-than-fast-food style parking lot (and Phoenix is not an urban environment; driving is almost mandatory).  The wait times have accumulated due to the national press and, on a purely subjective judgment call, the ever increasing desire of everyone in Phoenix to be a part of something trendy.  Since the wait was so long, the anticipation of the food's delectability grew in our already whet appetites.  To hold us over, we treated ourselves to a few of the appetizers at the annexed bar next door.  Prosciutto was mediocre; the lack of creativity begins to seep in our impressions as the dish is improperly paired with poorly cooked crostini.  Next, we had a selection of 'gourmet' cheeses so entirely pedestrian that one might wonder if a Kraft representative was secretly replacing foreign cheese samples with basic flavors.  The cheeses did not present itself in a natural progressive order along the palette leaving conflicting flavors fighting over oral real estate.  \n\nAfter repetitious glances at my wristwatch to gauge just how much time has passed, my party was finally called to our table (a total wait time of 2.5 hours).  Despite the lack of apology for the wait, my friends and I were excited to have a seat.  We started with a local organic greens salad.  The greens were not as fresh as one would have hoped; a lingering bitter taste hovers and is not well compensated by an unevenly distributed vinaigrette dressing.  We moved on to an Insalata Caprese (though the menu left the English translations; authentic Italian indeed).  This dish was delicious.  The olive oil was of high quality, as was the tomato, basil, and mozzarella cheese.  All ingredients were fresh and very tasty.  This basic dish was the single best piece of food served to us.  \n\nSince there were several of us dining that evening, we ordered pizzas across the menu and shared family style.  The crust on each pizza was delicious; the quality of the crust can not be understated.  It handled well in strength and durability against pizzas with tomato sauce, and was stiff, and at the same time chewy, enough against pizzas that are largely cheese or meat based.  However, whereas my pizza crust was excellent, the others at the table complained that theirs was burnt; thus, the consistency the owner strives for by hand making every pizza is entirely suspect.  The other ingredients for the pizza left room for desire.  The sausage was fatty; sauce too zesty; selection of cheeses seemed out of balance with the accompanying flavors; vegetables were elementary and sometimes undercooked.  \n\nIn summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.  The national critics must have been treated to a much better dining experience, because mine was only memorable because of how ridiculously over hyped this restaurant is.  This is a consistently emerging theme in Phoenix, the fastest growing city in the United States.  \n\n\nP.S.  I was not able to adequately comment on the wine selection, but I would assume it is poor.