2.5\n\nThe best thing about this hotel is its distance from the affiliated casino. That's especially because the Palms, I guess, is oriented towards the youth? Even more disorienting than the windowless cacophony of slots and table games is a venue where every single person looks like Sleepy Brown, Lil Jon, or Snooki. I guess I also never really realized that for many people, going out means dressing up to look like a mid-range escort. I suppose I went to the wrong college?\n\nThe staff are pretty bad at this place, with the exception of housekeeping (more on that). Hard to get female bartender attention at nearly empty bar because she's too busy feigning (one hopes) concupiscence for the benefit of the verbally abusive lounge lizard at the end of the bar. In my world, telling a bartender to \"get me another fucking beer quickly\" results in my being asked to leave the bar. In Las Vegas, apparently, the privilege of indecency rests with the wealthy.\n\nThe room itself was fine. Being high up in Las Vegas isn't as glamorous as you might expect. My room had a nice view of miles of corrugated metal shed buildings, acres of asphalt parking lots, and some low-end housing developments. The curtains mostly closed, which is an increasing rarity in \"nice\" hotels (on the apparent premise that \"hip\" must mean \"insomniac\"). The bathroom area was pretty elaborate.\n\nHOWEVER, lots of dust everywhere, lots of scuff and wear marks, etc. And the room smelled like a DiGiorno pizza when I arrived. So strongly, in fact, that I thought I must be in someone else's room. Normally, this would reflect poorly on housekeeping. When I think about what they're usually subjected to (I was down the hall from an octet of plump Essex lads who, every time I saw them, looked well on the way to defecating in their bathtubs), I think housekeeping does a commendable job here.\n\nThe fitness center was very nice. The spa was OK. Again, Las Vegas is the sort of place where drunk people will use the sauna and paste cucumber slices on the sauna wall. And the Palms is the sort of place where cleaning is done by triage, and cucumbers glued to the sauna wall is way down the list of exigent crises. I did enjoy the baths and hammam, or whatever, because I always do. But they could certainly do better.