My 100th review, and there is no other restaurant more appropriate to review than Congee Wong.  \nIf I were on Foursquare, I'd forever hold the throne of mayorship here, if I had the Yelp mobile app I'd be the first and last person to check in here, and if I had a million dollars I'd buy this place in a heartbeat. \n\nThere is not another human being on Earth who comes here as often as I do.  I've been eating here since the restaurant opened back in 2000, when I was shorter than the counter the cashiers sat behind, before this place installed their dozen cameras after being held up twice.  I was a customer here since I was 13 years old, it is the only reason why I have a weight problem and never had abs.  \n\nAt any busy evening there are 30 chefs in the kitchen woking up seriously delicious Southern Chinese cuisines, there is never a long wait for food, and the consistency of quality is perhaps the reason why this location has thrived since inception. \nThe service here among the most efficient in any Chinese restaurant, and the staff are as professional as they come.  This location is where it all started for the other franchises.  Congee Queen, Kitchen 31 (formerly 'Sugar), and other Congee Wong locations all own their heritage to here.  \n\nThe food is authentic enough for the Chinese, and simple enough for Westerners.  The portions are generous whether dining in or takeaway, and there is delivery starting at 4pm until 11pm if you order over $25.  However, although it says free delivery, the driver will ask for a tip if you don't give him anything.  His reasoning is delivery is free, but he is not.  \nExpect a 10 -15 minute wait if you come here on the weekend with no reservation, unless of course you are coming here with me, then you will find yourself seated immediately..cause I'm VIP yo.\nMuch of the food here will dehydrate you and leave you feeling like a prune, so be sure to drink plenty of tea.  \nYou can ask for your food to be altered in a few ways such as; no peanut oil, not as spicy, no MSG and etc. \n\nI think over the years I've put down as much as a down-payment on a house eating here.  I remember back in 2006-2007, I came here 3-4 times a week.  There are the rare occasions where I've dined here every day of the week.  During that time I've gone from 170 to 240lbs.  \nI've also moved three times in the last 8 years, and I have failed to move away from the delivery zone for Congee Wong each time.  I am a slave to the chefs here.  I think one day I'm going to kidnap one of them for the recipes, I'm seriously considering it.  \n\nEverybody has 'their restaurant', this is mine.  I've come here for over a decade now, and haven't even gone through a quarter of the menu.  I might just come here one day and order everything.  If I were a tacky man, I'd have my wedding reception here.  But I don't think that marriage will last very long.\n\nOh look, I've said so many things about this place but didn't even mention the Chilli Fried Turnip Patties.\nTRY THE CHILLI FRIED TURNIP PATTIES!\nSeriously.