I am currently using  a Realtor from this company to sell my home. As with most Real Estate firms, once you go with a particular agent, you sit down with them and go through a contract agreement between you and your agent. This agreement, along with conditions, hires them to do the job of selling your home. If by chance things go wrong between you and your agent, as did with mine from this firm and you are noticing that your agent is not performing as well as expected in selling your home and you are just not happy with them, then if agreed to by both parties, the contract agreement can usually be terminated before the expiry date of the agreement, allowing you to start fresh with a new Realtor.  It is mostly a case that the Realtor realizing that things are wrong and selling the home is too difficult for them and usually they themselves will want to get out of it too. It's the decent thing to do to allow the client to move on.\n\nThis is not the case with this firm, they will hold you to the contract at any cost, even at the point of being abusive to the client. The Realtor from this firm refused to terminate the agreement , and threatened to take me to court, and instead wanted a large amount of money paid to them in order to terminate, I felt like this was a blackmail situation.  Also, the terms of their agreement doesn't allow for a way out of the contract, such as if the client is not happy then the agreement terminates earlier from the expiration date.  Another thing is have the Realtor go through the contract point by point in lay men's terms,  mine didn't, even though I read through it and asked questions. My Realtor scoffed it off, saying not to worry. You should worry if they say this to you, they should have the same concerns as you the seller. They are working for you! The agreements are structured in a legal manner and can be vary hard to understand. Also, ask for the contract to expire in 2 months and insist on it, as this will allow you time to decide if they are doing what they should be to sell your home, especially if there are time constraints to selling your home as it is with mine. You don't need a Realtor who will dilly dally at your expense. Have some one else you trust with you to go through the agreement as well and interview as many Realtors as possible to sell your home before settling on one. Some Realty firms have no contracts, such as Remax. Have I had known this, I would have gone with them.\n\nBottom line, think long and hard before signing any contract with a Realty firm because it is a binding legal contract, once you sign it, you can be screwed if things happen to go wrong.  It stands to reason why some people sell their homes themselves, sometimes it's not worth all the problems. Unfortunately, there's nothing I can do in my case but to just keep pushing my agent to sell my home and in a timely manner. And the current market, slow or not, has nothing to do with it. The Calgary market is the best in the country at the moment! Homes are selling! \n\nI hope this helps anyone thinking of putting their house up for sale.\n\nAll the best!