On May 28, 2014 I spent 2 hours at the Shania Twain love fest.  I was looking for a  great concert from a legend.  However, at least 30 minutes of the show was Shania walking among the crowd or sitting on stage doing  Selfies with her thronging fans.  Shania, if you want to do that, please stand out front before or after the show!  For those of us beyond the front section, it really is a bore to watch such selfish behavior by those fans and you assisting them in ignoring the \"do not take pictures or video record\" messages.\n\nAs for the singing itself, Ms. Twain was a bit impacted by the dry desert air or she was performing with half of her lung power (though a lot of amplifier).  During the first half of the show, if her sister was not providing backup for her, I am not sure if we would have heard much of a female vocal. In that regard, the musicians really appeared to be over the top, providing much more country rock symphonic sounds than simply providing an accompaniment for a  talent that Ms Twain is supposed to be.\n\nThe show was diverse in presenting Ms Twain's catalog of songs and that in itself was enjoyable.  Some other unnecessary stuff included Ms. Twain riding a motor cycle at the start of the show in the air with a video supplying background and the unrelated and unnecessary array of over the top graphics.  Another unnecessary distraction (for a country rock music show) was two rounds of her pet horses being used props as she rode them to introduce a song.  The first horse cameo provided background while a cast member twirled a rope and the second horse demonstrated dressage.  Actually the dressage horse had better dance coordination than Shania demonstrated last night.\n\nLastly, I thought it was great that all but two of the cast did a wonderful job supporting Ms. Twain.  The two who were not helpful were the two male backup singers, whose twisting bodies, individualistic behaviors and often unnecessary grouping of our star, caused me to wonder how it was that  she continues to stick with such egotists.  Her dancers, musicians and sister were all really entertaining, gifted and contributed to the show\n\nI am sure that Ms Twain has the capacity for contributing more to her show; if only the producer and director reduce the noise and distractions around her and let her natural voice  and a clear live video of her performance be put on display.