When it comes to anything fast food, this is hands down my first choice. \n\nI guess you could come here for the salads, but why do that? And I wouldn't be mad at you for coming for sandwich. Even though those are just okay.\n\nBut the real winner here are their tenders and fries. And if you go and they have the zucchini fries still - just do it. 5 stars just for their tenders, fries and sauces. \n\nThe tenders are banging. And you know what I love? You have the choice between grilled and crispy. So you can eat fast food and make a healthy choice. Love this. And the grilled tenders are moist and flavorful. The crispy are still my favorite - fat girl problems. The chicken tenders are not made from processed chicken either. You get the real deal.\n\nSo let's talk about sauces - creamy garlic is where it is at. But everything else is good too. The ranch - banging, the honey mustard - banging, the chipotle bbq - banging. And get this - they are not stingy with their sauces. Want more, they give you more. I mean how crazy of a concept is that. And the sauce are the not only delicious with the tenders but also so delicious with the fries. I need to find out if they bottle and sell their sauces because I would buy that creamy garlic. It is amazing. Fresh and zingy but without being to sharp in flavor. \n\nAnd I do enjoy their blueberry coleslaw. I do have to add a little salt to mine because I find it slightly under seasoned but most coleslaw is. I think the addition of salt just makes the cabbage lose it's crunchy factor and draws out too much water - so I get this. But the fresh blueberries are a special treat in this coleslaw and make me feel like I am eating something healthy.\n\nOh, Apples! My sweet treat every time we go. Fresh apples that they keep from browning in that lemon concoction. The green apples that are slightly tart pair so well with that sweet toffee dip. Again, I feel like I am eating healthy. (Let's pretend that toffee dip is sugar free and has no calories.)\n\nOverall, this is hands down a family favorite for us.