Mowry and Cotton is a sort of New American Restaurant located in the Phoenician (a luxury resort). I'll note in my review that you want to go to the second level because the man at the gate incorrectly told us the first floor. You can get in at level one but you'd have to walk past the restaurant around the outside. \n\nI didn't get the western theme this restaurant is suppose to have but the name Mowry & Cotton is of a tell Tail of Cowboys named Mowry & Cotton that settled in Phoenix to open an upscale saloon that was friendly and inviting.\n\nThe lunch and dinner menus offer a lot of variety. You are in a luxury resort and the food I tried is high quality and detailed.\n\nI had the Jidori Chicken Sandwich. My sandwich was PACKED with lots of juicy flavorful chicken. It had a delicious apple bourbon sauce on it. It was suppose to contain fennel and I can't say I didn't get any but my sandwich only contained two tiny shreds. As delicious as the sandwich was I think if it had maybe at least a teaspoon of fennel it would have been much better. My plate also came with these really delicious pickles in a tiny dish. The pickles were made of cauliflower, blueberries, onions and cucumbers. They were gently spiced and pickled. I picked salad as my side option so I could save room for dessert. BTW- the sandwich was very large so you might want to take half home like I did.\n\nMy husband had the Smoked Brisket Sandwich. It was a very detailed sandwich and had more going on with it than the Jidori Chicken I was served. The sandwich contained nicely prepared brisket, house made pickles, Grilled Swiss Chard and this really delicious Carolina Mustard. His plate came with the same pickles I described above and he paid $4.00 extra for the Crispy Fries Option that were baked and fried twice. The fries were delicious with a creamy interior but the fries they served us weren't crisp. Our waiter did offer to get us another batch of them but we declined because the fries were delicious anyway.\n\nThe Dessert was out of the ordinary! (YOU MUST SEE PICTURE)\nWe tried the Apple Crumble.\nThey made blackstrap maple ice-cream look JUST LIKE A REAL APPLE! and served it with apples and an oat crumble.\nI have to say it wasn't like any dessert that anyone else serves.\nIt was beautiful to look at and almost like dessert for people who don't like sweets.\nIt almost wasn't sweet or spiced.\nJust mostly natural tasting.\nReally really different!\n\nThey had a team of people waiting on us that were very efficient and friendly.\n\nThe woman I spoke to on the phone said I could use my Scottsdale preferred Card here and I did tell her I had this year's card with  II Terrazzo in the spot where next years card list Mowry & Cotton. She said they would gladly accept this year's card that ends in November. But that was a different story when I ate at the restaurant.\n\nNot a perfect experience but overall very good. I also note that this restaurant just recently opened at the time of this review.