The Signature at MGM Grand...\n\nYes, like dumb chumps, we assumed that it was just a sister resort to the MGM.  We read the description and we thought it all sounded so great.  A jacuzzi tub?  Flat screen tvs?  Two bathrooms?  A fully stocked kitchen?  Designer toiletries?  Feather-top beds?\n\nWith the extremely budget-friendly sticker price, we were even willing to overlook the whole \"We are a non-smoking facility\" thingamabob.\n\nAnd so we did.  On Friday, we booked a one night stay for a random one-nighter Vegas trip for Saturday night.\n\nWell, well, well...\n\nUnlike many of the other \"sister properties\" that are popping up all over the LV Strip, the entrance to The Signature is hidden way back in some alleyway BEHIND the MGM.  Lovely.  Apparently, the two properties are connected by a bridge or walkway or whatever, but after the roundabout drive that we had to make, it was instantly decided that walking to the Strip would be an exercise in futility.  None of us like to walk.\n\nThe problems began as soon as we stepped into the tastefully appointed lobby.  There was ONE clerk at the front desk assisting some asinine woman with package receiving.  Is it really that hard to pick up ONE little FedEx envelope?!  Anyways, I digress...  The front desk lady spent SO LONG helping the lady in dire need of package receiving that we all started to get more than a bit annoyed.  There was another group in front of us that looked equally annoyed, and we all crossed our arms and threw each other exasperated glances for a good 15 minutes.\n\nOnce we finally checked in, we were sent up to our room, which happened to be one of the penthouse suites.  Sweet.  Suite... Okay, I'm lame.  Anyways, the room was just as promised.  Everything was beautiful, and we totally dug the restroom.  The only unexpected thing was that the kitchen was actually a kitchenette, and the \"fully-stocked\" advertisement had failed to mention that there was only one dinky little pot and just two sets of flatware.  Lame.  Luckily, though, we came armed with our own chopsticks (what's a Vegas trip without instant noodles?!  That's right.  We roll ghetto Korean style!).  I suppose it's worth noting that the appliances include a microwave, toaster, coffee maker, and blender.\n\nThe appliances came in handy because... there are no restaurants at this hotel.  Nope!  Just one dinky little deli.  Remember, people LIVE here, too.  We read that there was a Starbucks on the property, but maybe it was at one of the other two towers.  Who knows?  And I didn't see a bar anywhere.  Mind you, there was also no casino.  I don't know if room service was an available option or not, but we also didn't bother to find out either.  We were just glad we packed our own snacks...\n\nOh... where's the Vegas FEEL???  Not at The Signature, apparently.  No smoking, no casino, no familiar coin jingle, no buzz of excitement, no smell of booze.  Were we really in Sin City?  Or were we back in Orange County?  Sheesh!\n\nThe balcony was pretty cool, as we were really high up.  We could see down below to the three pools and whatnot, with an especially cool view if you lean over the railing.  Yep.  No floor to ceiling windows here to stop you from taking a dive over the edge.  Kinda freaky, actually.  Don't even bother trying to sneak a cigarette on the balcony.  The entire PROPERTY is non-smoking, and there are little stickers on the balcony doors that alert you, \"This is a non smoking facility.  The balconies are monitored around the clock by our video surveillance system.\"  Creepy.  They're watching you!  Apparently, if you DO sneak a puff, there is a $150 charge.  Whatever.\n\nNote that The Signature charges $20 a day for an INCIDENTAL FEE.  Basically, you get newspaper service (I never once saw a newspaper), WiFi throughout the room, and two bottles of water in the mini fridge.  $20 for all that!  What a bargain!  *dripping sarcasm*  And no, you do not have a choice whether to use these services or not.  You just get charged.  Why it's not rolled into the advertised cost of the room, I cannot fathom.  It is what it is.\n\nRather than trekking on foot, we opted to just take cabs here and there.  To get to the Bellagio from The Signature, it cost about $6 before tip.  Not bad at all.\n\nAll in all, we barely stayed in our room.  We were in VEGAS, which meant that we wanted to gamble, party, and drink - none of which we could do 24\/7 at The Signature.  Most of our time was spent at Bellagio and other properties on the Strip.\n\nWould I stay at The Signature again?  Probably not.  It really lacks the whole Vegas feel, in my opinion.  Would I have my grandparents stay at The Signature?  Probably.  It's quiet, it's clean, it's posh - my grandparents would appreciate that.\n\nAs for me?  I'd rather stay somewhere with a bit more action, if you know what I mean.