First off in defense of the hotel I stayed here between 2006-2010  at least 15 times and always had amazing experiences. The 1,000 point Grazie (players club)room offer was amazing... As a local it was nice not having to drive back to Henderson after a night out at  Tao and Xs. The grazie offer ended in 2010 and this review covers my first visit  as a paying guest in 08\/2012. The challenges revolved around the cleanliness of the suite, electrical noises, rattling air conditioners and people entering my suite at 1AM.\n\nThe check in was a breeze, the front desk couldn't have been nicer and went to my strip view regular 700 sq foot suite at 11AM early check in was a breeze. I went to the Palazzo pool deck which is gorgeous but was covered in a shadow until 12:30 PM  and was full of families and people over 60. We walked thru to the Venetian side and  went to Tao Beach which was bright and sunny. Showed our IDs got chairs and enjoyed the day. \n\nI returned to the suite and started to get situated. I looked out the window and noticed dried black phlegm on the window itself. I turned on the air conditioner and it started to rattle very loud and thought to myself...Have  had this problem in any hotel before?  I decided to call downstairs...\n\nI re-packed   walked downstairs thru the casino back to the line and waited for new keys. Went to the new suite and it takes 1 second to open the door and hear an electrical sizzling sound. I think to myself have I ever heard a sizzling sound in any hotel  in my entire life. This time I call downstairs and ask to speak to the manager.\n\nI was moved to a 2000 sq foot Sienna Suite which was nice. The manager took care of my challenges within 30 seconds and it was a good resolution to my 2 hours of aggravation. The suite consists of 3 rooms and a bathroom. Elliptical room, bedroom and living room. Its large and the 1000 sq foot living room is barely  decorated. The bedroom and bathroom was nice. Nothing amazing I'd brag about compared to Aria, Cosmo or Wynn. \n\nI was tired after caring suitcases up and down elevator shafts and medium long hallways thru casinos to front desks and was glad to get to sleep. \n\nNow having stayed at Aria the past few stays the door locked automatically and you  press a privacy button and didn't understand why this front door didn't have a lock. So I figured the door sensor locked because it had no chain. (later the security told me I needed to turn the door knob counterclockwise to lock) It was a shocking experience to hear the door open at 1AM in a 2000 sq foot suite and being in the bedroom which is nowhere near  the front door and was pitch black I was pretty shook up. Security came after 10 minutes and they offered to search my suite which I did already 10 minutes earlier.. ..obviously!\n\nI was very tired...the next two days were average no issues...very good job by housekeeping ha ha ha\n\nAt 5am on the day of departure they slipped the bill under the door and was excited to see about $200 in mini bar  charges that were false. I called downstairs and spoke to a female team member at 6AM and told me she didn't want to hear my attitude so I went downstairs...at 6am to clear it up...They took it off the bill without any question.\n\nOverall this was a 4\/10...very confusing 3 nights and was pissed I paid for this experience. \n\nI thought about all the other stays I'd had at Aria, Encore and even Cosmo the past 3 years and  tried to balance positive and negatives but in the end I will never stay at this resort again. While a tourist may have overlooked my issues I certainly did NOT.