I'm an outlier.  Again.  Why couldn't I have a 5-star experience here like most yelpers!?!  Oh, how I wish I did...\n\nI first showed up as a new patient and paid $130 out of pocket to wait in the waiting room for about 15-20 mins before I was called back, at which time one of the grumpiest medical assistants took my vitals and another medical assistant, who couldn't have been a day over 20, talked with me about all my problems.  She was talking about her problems too and putting an emphasis on a bunch of things I had mentioned that I didn't feel were very important and missing what I did think was important.  After she left, I waited some more.  When Dr. Lok came in, he was very jolly and friendly.  After about 10 mins of asking me some questions (again, I felt the focus was not necessarily on why I was there), he had me get on the table, inserted some needles, and told me, basically, that nothing was really wrong with me, that I was \"the best patient I've seen all morning.\"  He suggested I was just there for \"tune-up.\"  I have what could be described as debilitating physical PMS symptoms--why was no one listening to me?  When I left the office, I felt like I hadn't been listened to, I had no idea what the treatment plan was, etc...\n\nI showed back up today at 5:06 for my 5:00 first-time-follow-up appointment.  I sat in the waiting room 10 mins before I was addressed by the receptionist.  Before paying (which seems weird, why would I pay on the way in and not on the way out?), I asked her how long it was going to be, as I didn't feel waiting more than 15-20 mins for my appointment was satisfactory.  There were two people ahead of me who still had to be seen.  She copped an attitude and basically said I wasn't getting in anytime soon (meaning within 20 mins).  She then asked if I wanted to leave (which I did) and if I wanted to reschedule (which I don't).  \n\nEthically, I can't pay $75 to someone who dismisses my problems, doesn't inform me of his thoughts or of the treatment plan, doesn't run anywhere close to schedule, and who hires rude and\/or immature people as employees.  I, myself, am a medical provider and I find these types of examples to be abhorrent.  Even if I am running late, I tell patients MYSELF, I apologize, and I find a way to work around it.  I don't sick rude little girls with attitudes on them.  Oh, and I tell patients my plans and I don't dismiss their problems, no matter how much of the 'worried well' they are.  \n\nSorry, Dr. Lok, you seem like a nice man, but I think your staff could use some major improvements and I wish you would treat your patients with more respect and run on schedule instead of trying to see 40+ people daily.