Let me start this off by saying that up until our last visit (02\/22\/12) my wife and I LOVED this place. \n\nWe had a Groupon that was set to expire, and taxes to do. Since we were already on that side of town, rather than get a refund on the Groupon, we figured we would satisfy our craving for some delicious food from Agave, once we finished filling out mounds of paperwork for the IRS.\n\nWe arrived around 7:30pm, and to our surprise, the place was hopping! This is usually a good sign, as it means a) the restaurant is still good; b) the economy is coming back so people can afford to eat at Agave! The hostess informed us that it would be about ten minutes before we could be seated. Not a problem, they looked busy, so we sat down and played some games on our phones. \n\nIt was close to ten minutes later that we were seated and informed our server would be with us in a moment. Having a penchant for sitting in sections with absentee servers, we make it a habit of checking the time when we get seated. This is where one star gets knocked off from a five star potential... It took over 8 minutes for water and chips to be delivered & our drink order taken. \n\nA couple minutes later, our drinks arrived, along with the chips and three flavors of salsa. We began munching on those while wondering what happened to the restaurant. The new menu is one, big piece of paper. No more do you get the hefty, and very cool leather bound book of a menu. When asked when that change occurred (as we were last in toward the end of summer, and it appeared that new bad reviews were cropping up recently - thought maybe the new menu had something to do with it) - no, the new menu was new for that day. Supposedly, there were only a couple items taken off, but it appeared that the menu was drastically changed. Another star removed, the old menu had some very good food that we couldn't find on this menu.\n\nOur server, a gentleman I can't remember his name, started doing the \"I am going to show off how smart I am by memorizing your order\" thing, until I started ordering my food. Then he brought out the trusty notepad to insure the proper items were ordered. Half a star returned, at least he knows one of his limitations.\n\nIt didn't take long before our food came out, it was delivered by a food runner, who dropped and ran. She didn't stick around to see if we noticed anything wrong with it. Of course, there was. I had asked that certain items be left off of my nachos, low and behold, they were ALL OVER the nachos. For over $10.00, the nachos were portioned pretty small, but were otherwise OK, aside from the additional ingredients I had asked not to have included. I was tempted to wait until our server asked how things were to get another batch made, I was later glad that I did not!\n\nI demolished most of the nachos, and started in on the chicken quesadilla. I finished one \"slice\" of the quesadilla while also eating nachos, so it was a little masked. Once the nachos were done though and i had a solo bite of quesadilla, I wondered what I had just taken a bite of. Asking the wife if she would like a bite, she gave me the knowing, \"it's that bad look\", yet was a trooper and took a bite anyway. Her face confirmed it was not just me being picky. \n\nThe chicken in the quesadilla had a strange texture and very \"off\" flavor to it. I can't quite place what was wrong with it, it was just very unappealing to my pallet.  Another star stolen away.\n\nDuring this entire time of eating, we had never once had our drinks refilled. It was 25 minutes between getting our initial drinks before we saw the server again. This is why I was later glad that I did not wait for him to return the nachos. One more star gone. \n\nWhen our server did finally make his grand re-appearance at our table, he asked if I wanted a box for the quesadilla. He either didn't hear, or ignored, when I said, \"No, it doesn't taste good, at all.\" There was no, would you like anything else, was it not cooked all the way, nothing. I asked if we could get our drinks refilled, my water was filled up, the wife's water, however, was only filled about 2\/3 of the way. 25 minutes to get 2\/3 of a refill? Seriously guy? Another star gone.\n\nAs the night went on, we lost more and more respect for a restaurant we used to thoroughly enjoy eating at, and just enjoying the ambiance of the dining area. The curved walls, high ceiling, decorative lamps and round windows all add a lot to the dining experience. If I build a custom home, I want my living room to be based on their dining room. It's that great of a building. Suppose, that is where the one star I have to leave them comes from.\n\nOne last thing, they changed the music to a more modern R&B type selection, with the volume turned up way too loud for a restaurant. It felt like we had to raise our voices to be heard across the table. We weren't eating at a club...\n\nIf you do happen to give this place a shot, at least use the restrooms, the sinks are very cool too!