The latest in the Saga of Eating Challenges.....Stoney's North Forty was selected as the location for the 4 lb Omelet eating challenge.  Scheduled for a 9 AM start, I had to rush to get there in time to witness the action.  Four guys in our group of 12 were going for it.\n\nI didn't participate in the Challenge, but posted some pics of the Giant Omelette & participants.  I brought my Son along to witness the tomfoolery.  We opted to split an order of Potato Skins....yeah, I know B-O-R-I-N-G.....compared to the 4 lb Omelet, but I knew there was no way I could do it and I didn't feel like starting off my Sunday with a major stomachache.  The Skins were topped with Sour Cream, Bacon, Beef, Cheese, and Green Onions....Ranch was provided for dipping.  To wash it down, I had an Iced Tea.\n\nOur food came out pretty fast and the waitress was pretty cool to handle our huge order.  The Omelets came out first.....they are really, really BIG!  Not only is it a giant Omelet....but it's covered in Gravy, and you must eat 2 Biscuits & Hasbrowns in addition to that thing in order to complete the challenge.  Scott T gave it a valiant effort and came up a few ounces short of finishing the Omelet....seriously, check out the pic....he was soooo close, but couldn't do it.  Ken M who organized this thing did ok....respectable.....plus had ate it with a Shiner Bock....+1 for Ken for a Beer at 9 AM!\n\nOur Skins were very tasty.....the combination of toppings went well together.  The Sour Cream was drizzled over the top of the Skins instead of a blob of it that you have to put on yourself.....for some reason I prefer it drizzled over the Skins like they do it.  The Skins are very large too.....and stuffed full of the toppings....I'm glad I split it with my Son.....I was full after eating 1\/2 of the order.\n\nLooking around the joint, it's a Country Western Dance Hall at night with plenty of room on the dance floor.  There's also a mechanical Bull in the corner for those who dare.....needless to say, nobody in our group was in the mood for a Bull Ride.....not after trying to house a 4 lb Omelet, ha!\n\nOverall, it was a great time....Will I return?  Yee haw!  that means \"Yes\" in Cowboy....I think.