Honey?\n\nCan we talk?\n\nListen. I have to tell you something.\n\nI'm pregnant.\n\nWith Steak 44's food baby.\n\nYes, I know I'm a vegetarian.\n\nIt's so wrong, it's right.\n\nI've been side-eyeing this place since it and its greedy valet situation has pretty much rocked this entire corner. I do, however, appreciate the rotating display of ridiculous vehicles parked pretentiously out front and how they help me win the wintertime game of Luxury Car Bingo In The Desert. I'm shallow. It's okay.\n\nMy dad and I, feeling brave, actually put on non-denim pants and real shoes and ventured to Steak 44. We went early, sans reservation, fearing the crowds. We easily got seated in a big booth, ensconced by dividers, shielded from the abutting bustling kitchen by a glass wall so sparkling clean you could barely confirm its existence. No glass surface in my home has ever been or will be so spotless. \n\nI started with the blood orange martini, probably the most I have ever paid for a single cocktail in my entire life. It was tasty in the way that Hawaiian Punch is tasty. I switched the to tart cherry martini, a wise move -- a complex and interesting drink with a heavy Luxardo cherry flavor. Meh or impressive, the martinis were big and accompanied by a hefty shaker filled with leftovers.\n\nThe hovering server, resplendent with some unidentifiable foreign accent, assured us the sides were enough to serve three to four. Because I was forgoing a pricey traditional entree, I picked a handful of veggie sides, while my dad opted for some medium rare 12 oz slab of moo. The roasted sweet potatoes and creamed spinach were okay, not knockouts, easily overshadowed by the glory of the creamed corn creme brûlée. I mean, incredible, amazing, custardy corn goodness. Just divine. The thin, curly, crispy onion strings were fluffy wisps of awesome, spilling over on the fancy white tablecloth. The veggie servings are massive and will easily feed me all weekend. My dad, who was all ready to hate the place, because it's all trendy and replaced his beloved Cork & Cleaver,  was forced to admit his steak was a perfectly cooked, excellent quality piece of meat. Out of principle, we split the butter cake, which was bizarre but good -- like a pound cake and cornbread had a baby. Not the high point of the meal, but good. \n\nThe service was excellent and almost over the top until the credit card slip was signed; then he was MIA. That's lame. The place is not cheap; it's best reserved for a special occasion. It seems to be drawing a big crowd now, but is it sustainable given the number of pricey steakhouses in the valley? \n\nTime will tell; if 44 stays, I can eat my fill of corn creme brûlée whenever my whims see fit; if 44 goes, I get to park without circling the lot three times. All good; I win either way. Now, about that food baby -- it's due pretty soon.