Do you like to read? I don't. But I love books. Kinda weird, right? \n\nI read a lot actually, but I'm not very good at it. I'm a slooooow reader, and it takes me a lot of time to get through reading material. I tend to get bored or my mind starts drifting, and I begin thinking of other random things. It can be a bit frustrating when I keep getting side tracked, and have to read the same page 35 times. \n\nSo that said, it's not reading that I like, it's knowledge, and thus, I love book stores. The smell, the vast amounts of information they hold, the general quiet environment. \n\nWhen I saw Half Priced Books Records and Magazines I felt compelled to stop in and check it out. It's a big store with many things to offer.\n\nI'm moving to Phoenix soon so I stocked up on a bunch of AZ, Southwest US and Phoenix travel books. Could I get most of that info on the internet for free? Yeah probably, but I tend to collect books even if I never read them. I think it may be a sickness... \n\nI didn't wander the store long since I pretty much knew what I was looking for, but from what I did see, they have a good variety of books. I also glimpsed a Culture Club vinyl record for $3.99. I don't even own a record player. However, having a story where I tell people that I own a Culture Club LP seemed to have great allure. I somehow resisted the urge to buy it. Perhaps another day.\n\nI enjoyed my stint at HPBR&M and will certainly go back. If I could make one recommendation it would be this; do some research on the prices of the books you're buying. Some of the books I found were a little older and probably a bit outdated so I passed on them. Although, the prices may be half off the publishers recommended price, you may actually get a better deal online for some books. \n\nI don't like choosing online companies over a brick and mortar store for many reasons, but when I was shopping, that thought crossed my mind a few times and so I feel the need to pass it on. \n\nAll in all though, this place is definitely worth visiting.