I've been coming to this school since 2007 and FINALLY stopped in 2011. The school just has ALL KINDS of wrong within it. Where do I begin????\n\nParking--absolutely sucks. I usually try and squeeze in between their dumpster.\n\nCPT Time---it doesn't matter what time they open--plan to wait atleast an hour.\n\nProfessionalism\/Discretion---Someone is either mad, getting into trouble, arguing, talking about being incarcerated, gossiping, slandering, or threatening to quit. \n\nWhen I first started going there I just wanted a wash and flat iron. My hair is very thick and there were plenty of times I left the school looking like a flat iron NEVER touched my hair. Finally I decided to start doing my OWN hair. I had my own plug-in Hood dryer so I started washing, deep conditioning, trimming my ends, and flat ironing my own hair. Not only did I save money, but my hair was 10X healthier, and I was doing a damn good job! So I started going to Expertise in the summer, just to get braids. I noticed that whatever shampoo they were using was DRYING my hair out. I started coming to the shop with my own deep conditioner already in my hair, making it soft and hydrated before braiding and Expertise made the student wash it out and re-shampoo it! Ughhhhh! Thankfully my own conditioner sat overnight so it wasn't so damaging. \n\nThere were two things that swore me off this school completely. You can exchange information with a student, but if you ask the front desk they act like they are the FBI. A girl who was very talented and could flat iron my hair and make it bounce like REMI had graduated a few day before my revisit. I wanted her to do my hair for my wedding and they would NOT give me her information. I even begged them to contact her and give her my information but Monica (no longer there) wouldn't do it. I wonder if its because they want to keep customers coming? So that killed me.\n\nThe second one: I went to gym, worked my a$$ off and was hoping to get my hair braided and get out of there. I waited to be seen for nearly 1.5hrs, then they gave me a girl who didn't know how to braid! I understand these are students and they are practicing---but at the same time we are PAYING also. She should have still been practicing on the dolls because she was NOT ready for the floor. I wasn't mad at her--I was mad at the school for not realizing that. My hair is wild and thick after washing and blow-drying so she was completely overwhelemed, didn't know where to start and kept brushing it over and over, attempting to start the first braid ONLY to unravel it and begin again. So after wasting 1.5 hours of my time waiting for a student, I now was sitting in this chair for another hour while the instructor clearly saw she couldn't do it, yet ignored it. So almost 3 hrs later I decided enough was enough. The 4 braids she had done was so messed up and I couldn't go to work like that. I wasn't rude or angry because I honestly did feel bad for the student. She was so scared she was going to get a bad grade for me leaving but I just couldn't stay any longer. I got there at 1030am. It was already 2 pm. I told them I absolutely had to go. I was hungry and tired. No offer of refund, no apology, no nothing from the staff in charge. I wasn't expecting anything but acknowledgement of what had gone on. That was the last time I went there. \n\nI'm not really one to make a scene and I notice that the older ladies (50-75 years old) don't play that \"new student\" mess. They make it very clear they don't want no problems or disappointments. They give them the most advanced students within the school because those older ladies who are there regularly will raise hell if its not done right. That pisses me off too. \n\nMy sister who is a licensed cosmo moved here and I don't have to deal with Expertise any more. Thank God.