3.5 Stars.\n\nI'm usually not the biggest fan of chain type places like Chili's, Applebees, Olive Garden etc, but I was pleasantly surprised by the lunch we had here the other day.  We had a gift card and some free kids meal coupons to burn, so we decided to stop here and check it out (we hadn't been here since moving to Surprise 3 years ago).  \n\nFood wise, we went with their 2 for $22.00 deal.  I got the half rack of ribs with fries, and my wife got their bacon burger.  My son had the chicken strips kids meal and we ordered my daughter a chicken pasta dish (She is only one, and has like 4 teeth, but she is a fucking garbage can...she will eat anything and can put the food away!).  We got chips and salsa for the appetizer that was included in the 2 for $22.00.  \n\nThe chips and salsa were very good!  Their chips are so thin!  You can mow down a grip of them!  Everyone enjoyed them and we wound up getting a refill of them.  As far as the main meals, my son loved his chicken strips (I even snuck a bite and they were delicious!), my daughter housed her pasta dish, and my wife liked her burger.  My wife is a \"well done\" type of person and the burger came out medium\/well.  Not a total buzzkill, but she only ate half of it and gave me the other half.  It was a damn tasty burger!  Would definitely get it again.  As far as my meal, the ribs were decent.  They were a bit dry (even with the sauce), but tasted alright.  I really liked the fries that came with them.  It was a pretty solid meal.  I liked it more than I thought I would have.\n\nSounds like a great meal and everyone enjoyed their food, right?  Why only 3.5 stars?  A couple of things.  Our waitress, while nice, was a bit out of it.  She dropped off drinks with no straws, was a bit slow to check on us, and disappeared for quite awhile during our meal.  She was nice and all, I think just overwhelmed with other tables or something.  They have tablets on the tables with games and videos and such.  My son was playing with it to keep himself busy.  When the check came, there was a charge for \"In table entertainment\" $1.99.  Not a big deal, as $1.99 is well worth keeping a 3 year old busy for an hour, but I never saw anything on the home page of these tablets that stated there was a charge for anything.  They should be very clear on something like that and maybe even make you put in your credit card to utilize those features instead of just tacking it on the bill where someone could easily miss it and\/or not know what it was.  I probably could have talked with the manager to get it removed, but it wasn't that big of a deal.  Small potatoes in a big field, but it still was a little bit \"sneaky\".  \n\nWould I come back?  Yes!  With the gift card and free kids meals, our bill came out to only $10.00 including tip.  Money well spent for a tasty meal out with the family.