My wife and I went yesterday around 6:30 - 7:00pm. It was the usual amount of busy however they sat us at the far end of the restaurant in a cozy booth not far from the buffet. After a brisk urination and a wash of the hands, in a more than adequate and relatively tidy bathroom, I was greeted at the booth with a hot pot of tea. From there my wife and I proceeded to the Sushi bar where the delightful array of various sushi's were laid out neatly and organized. My first plate was overflowing with at least one of each type of sushi they had to offer. The convenience of separate soy sauce bowls and a plethora of sides to compliment the sushi was a nice touch. However, my wife did note that the labeling for the sushi was rather sub-par. We tucked into our first course at our cozy booth and the sushi was of a quality you would not expect from a small town Chinese buffet. The craftsmanship, care, and quality of the sushi was not what you would get from a made to order sushi restaurant; however the quantity of decent sushi was the real bargain and the hero of the dinner. From there we continued our onslaught of the buffet. My second trip was a cup of won-ton soup with a smaller plate of common favorites. Items included General Tso's chicken, Pepper Steak, Crab Rangoon, sweet and sour pork, and also fried rice. I couldn't return to the table however without a few more pieces of sushi adorning the perimeter of my plate where I had strategically left small gaps for said sushi. Course two was quite delectable and mentally confirmed what a bargain the Fun Buffet truly was. As I ate, I contemplated whether or not it was always this good. I had not visited the Fun Buffet in many years and such legends as this restaurant only come to be over the passing of time and the unfamiliarity of its true demeanor. This was not the case however, this legend did not grow in my mind because of a false recollection over time. This was truly a great feast for a great bargain. As my wife and I finished our variety plate, we sat a moment to digest and discuss matters of the day. After some time a third course was calling to me. I had some unfinished business to attend to. On my trip to the buffet I did one lap around to secure a game plan for the final morsels I would choose to indulge in. As always a few more pieces or sushi made it onto my plate with a sprinkling of random sides such as crab Rangoon and a random fried cheese stick that peaked my curiosity. I returned, and while finishing the final plate the prompt and attentive waitress kindly left our check and provided us with the customary fortune cookies. My wife and I continued on in our conversations and once satisfied with our meal, tore into the fortune cookies to reveal our innermost truths. As expected, our fortune cookies were even insightful and provided more than the average irrelevant anecdote you would find in a \"normal\" fortune cookie. We proceeded to the counter to check out after our fulfilling meal where a prompt and somewhat uninterested cashier took our receipt, applied our $2 off coupon and sent us on our way without fuss. In total our experience cost us just under $30 including an 18% tip. All in all this was a fun experience at the Fun Buffet. Anyone who doesn't rate this restaurant a 5\/5 on Yelp is dead to me. Good day.