\"We're a seated lounge concept,\" said the cocktail server to me as I had greeted my colleague at the far end of the table prior to returning to the near end to greet others. I'd just arrived to an evening social event that wrapped up a weeklong conference where I'd met some new folks and reconnected with others. I wasn't sure where I wanted to sit yet because it was a long table of 12 or so of us and I hadn't decided whom to commit myself as a table-neighbor to.\n\nWhen I asked for clarification, \"you mean I can't mingle with people at the other end of the table? I don't understand... [its a cocktail lounge, after all] I have to pick a seat and stay there?\" the young lady said \"let me just get my manager.\" I was a bit taken aback, as she seemed to presume I was about to cause some sort of ruckus... I said there was no need for that, that I just didn't want to break rules and wanted to understand what this was all about. \n\nApparently their policy is that everyone must stay seated, and in the same seat for the duration, so the servers can be sure to keep orders in order, attributing drinks to the appropriate payor, etc. \"Oh, so can I mingle but then return to my seat when I want to order another?\" \"I'm sorry, no,\" she tells me. Ummmm ok, I'll just sit here then, I ceded sheepishly. \n\nThe waitress proceeded to fetch the manager anyway, who came not to me to explain, but instead went directly to the person at the opposite end of the table (who was in fact my customer's C-level leadership) to explain their policy. Needless to say, it's horrifically embarrassing to be treated as a child whose admonished behavior must be explained to the adult (your customer's management!!) at the table. Everyone had a bit of a lark at my expense, which I laughed off easily enough, being on quite friendly terms with most of them. Still, the response of staff to my non combative, though admittedly incredulous, curiosity regarding the strange \"concept\" was defensive and overstated and left me with a very bad impression of the place.\n\nI imagine they get argumentative customers fairly regularly with such a concept, especially when the drinking and carousing wear on, so the server's response I assume was based somewhat on self-preservation. But honestly, what a horribly patron-unfriendly policy to have. \n\nI might recommend the place for the super cool aesthetic and visionary touches (and both drinks I had were artfully done and quite tasty). But I will absolutely not recommend it for parties larger than six, and I will forewarn you all to be on your best behavior unless you like a twist of condescension with your cocktail.