If you suspect you're getting too old and tired for a pub crawl, you probably are.  Welcome to my mid thirty-something world and why Bust Loose only gets a 3 star rating.  My twenty-something self probably would have given it a 5.  \n\nI was invited to a ladies only birthday party pub crawl last weekend.  The birthday girl recruited enough ladies to afford a Bust Loose party bus from Airdrie to Calgary and back, two Calgary club stops and a male Party Patrol Host to stoke the fire and handle club entry and exit.  We had to sign waivers, wear wristbands and were handed a Bust Loose necklace, which I pocketed for the evening.  The wristband (which I wore on my ankle instead) was about all I could tolerate without feeling like a tagged and branded cow.\n\nThe Host was a young guy who clearly enjoyed the attention, initiating party games on the bus and watching a few women get a little crazy.  A variety of old and new party tunes are pumped through the speakers.  Three poles in the aisle and handles above the windows are the obvious invitations for dancing and flailing about as the bus propels you into the evening's shenanigans.  I don't know if you can choose your music but some of what was played was too cheesy for me to enjoy.  I was sober so the bus ride was fun for the first 20min, and then I was over it.  In that time I tried a bit of dancing around and singing to the music along with the others who were very excited to be there but really, it was 10pm on a Friday and I was ready for my pajamas.  \n\nThe Host could have been a little more organized and in control, but I'm pretty sure that youth could not offer the skills he needed to handle so many women in a semi-professional fashion.  Being knowledgeable, confident in what he was doing and firm with timelines would have made a big difference, though.  \n\nBust Loose does the job in terms of adding some spice to your evening as well travel convenience, but considering I have mostly grown out of my spirited party persona, it's just not for me unless I can control the conditions.  I'd want to choose my own music, rent the bus from 7-9:30pm on a Saturday and have it cart me and a handful of my closest friends from our houses to a downtown pub and back.  This would not be worth the cash but honestly, a high-energy group of people who can truly appreciate the experience should rent a bus once.\n\nReview 15 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge - Nov 2012