2 words: FOOD POISONING!!!\nLet me start this by saying that I do not drink alcohol so that y'all don't think it was alcohol poisoning. \n\nI ordered the burger that had bleu cheese. I'm not quite sure what it was called, but i know it was $18.00. I also ordered the Vegas Fries as an appetizer for our table to share.\n\nThe fries were nothing special. They are wedge cut and come with some sort of ranch dressing on the side. I really only ordered them because I LOVE bleu cheese. \n\nAs soon as I bit into my burger, I told everyone sitting with me that the burger was not good. It was extremely dry and the meat was soooo thick it was hard to chew and even harder to swallow. \n\nAnywho, I did not like the burger but I ate it anyway because I was starving. I couldn't finish it because it was soooo dry. So I left a little less than half. I was completely unsatisfied but I did not care enough to send it back. \n\nWe paid and went on our merry way to enjoy our last night in Sin City. I got back to the room and a few hours later I had to run to the bathroom to throw everything up. I'm sorry if this is too much info but it's what happened. I threw up 4 times and all 4 times it was the hamburger patty and the bleu cheese. It was the worst feeling ever. And then a little something else hit me, but I won't mention that. Around my eye area, I saw that I was starting to develop these little red dots all over and a little above my forehead. It had to have been an allergic reaction to the bad meat. Now I thought it was just me, but that morning when we were heading down to valet, one of the girls who was in our party but staying in a different hotel told me she threw up 3 times and it was ALL of the burger. She had the same burger as I did. Coincidence? I think not. \n\n2 nights before, we had eaten at Gordon Ramsay's BURGR, and I had also ordered a burger with bleu cheese and I was perfectly fine. \n\nI hate to base my review on my experience but I can guarantee I'll never go back because just the thought of walking by there makes me sick to my stomach. \n\nI had to catch a flight back and I was terrified of not making it to the bathroom in time in case it hit me again. \n\nI will say this, even before I got sick, I did not like the taste of any of the food. \n\nSorry for the TMI but I just needed to get this out there.