Why did the chicken cross the road?\n\nTo get away from me, that's why.  I will go through phases throughout the year when I am eating a lot of chicken and I mean A LOT.  And when I get bored of silly chicken breast that I'm cooking at home, a place like Chick-fil-A fits just perfect.  We all could EAT MOR CHIKIN every once in a while. \n\nLas Vegas was in a need of a Chick-fil-A for a very, very long time.  Chick-fil-A is known for their chicken sandwich and waffle fries.  Both are very good.  I recommend trying both if you're a first timer.  Their menu has also improved over the past 10 years. Some of the items that used to be on their \"secret\" menu are now permanent items at Chick-fil-A.  My favorites include their waffle fries, the chicken nuggets, and their grilled chicken nuggets.  Their nuggets is lightly breaded, made with real chicken, and taste delicious.  Where else can you get 12 chicken nuggets that's less than 410 calories, carbs less than 20 grams, and protein over 40 grams?  And if the fat is too high for you on their nuggets, there's always the option to go grilled (8 nuggets is only 140 calories with 23 grams of protein).  Sorry for the nutritional lesson, but that's why I love Chick-fil-A.  Their chicken is not mystery meat, it's packed with quality protein, and still taste good. \n\nThis location is busy and it's going to be like this for a long time. One way to avoid the long drive thru and walk-in lines is to download Chick-fil-A's One App.  It's so convenient. I placed our order through my phone, we walked to the front, and within 10 minutes, our order was handed to us. We then skipped the lines, walked right in, and dined inside. That's how it's done, folks. \n\nI know that there's going to be a lot of haters out there. Some will call Chick-fil-A hype. Some will even say that they know of other places that are better. Everyone is going to have their say.  Everyone is going to have their own opinion.  But for me, I'm more than just a fan.  I love Chick-fil-A.  Good luck, Chick-fil-A.  Welcome to Las Vegas!!!\n\nTIP #1:  Closed on Sunday\nTIP #2:  EAT MOR CHIKIN!\n\n2017 Yelp Review #124