\"I was visiting from California and needed a haircut. It's usually hard to find a salon in Vegas because I don't know anyone who could recommend places to me and I only come once a year. Usually, I take the safe bet and go with Aveda salons when I visit because of their reputation, but circumstances didn't allow it this trip and I had to find somewhere new. \n\nThat being said, I was super impressed when I discovered this salon. Located right next to the Red Rock, I thought it'd be quality, but didn't think it'd be as great of an experience as I had. In fact, my hair came out better and felt more healthy than it did last year at Aveda. Julia was super nice and professional and even worked with me on getting a very reasonable price since it was my first time. \n\nI went in for an ombré, which I was already nervous about since it seems to be such an easy style to mess up. I was so relieved when I saw just about every stylist in there with beautiful ombrés. I have dark brown hair and Julia was able to blend a light blonde into the bottom, it was so pretty. And I don't mean chola peanut butter blonde. I mean, if I take the tip of my hair and look at it by itself, it could belong to a real blonde.\" \n\nThis was my review on the phone app before I was able to publish it online.\n\nLess than a week after getting my hair done, it still feels healthy and soft, but the color is almost gone. If I wanted the color to fade so quickly, I would've gone to Wal-Mart, bought a box, and done it in my kitchen. I made sure to use color care shampoo and conditioner and be as gentle to my hair as possible, but my hair still faded. In fact, the tips are less blonde than they were when I came in. 5 days after the cut, I posted a photo of myself on Instagram and immediately had a friend text me and ask if the \"fabulous new hair color\" I'd previously posted was just temporary or if the photo was old. While the price was still very reasonable for the service, I regret dropping the money on a color that didn't even last a week. Now I have to spend even more money to get it re-colored or just live with the light brown ends. I posted a photo to show the dramatic change. \n\nOverall, I'm very disappointed with the color. However, I would still recommend this salon for a cut. It was still a very nice environment and had very friendly stylists, I'd just say stay away from color here.