Whoa, the Yelp ratings for Omnia blew up since the last time I took a look.  When I last reviewed Omnia, it was still new and had barely a hundred or so reviews and 4 stars.  Now at over 600 and 3.5 stars I was wondering what dropped their stars down?  After leisurely reading through some of the reviews I noticed a few reasons that kept popping up on most 1-3 star reviews that Yelpers left.  So without further ado, here's my updated review complete with a cliffs note version of why some Yelpers disliked Omnia and gave it less than 4 stars...updated because I came this time around without a table and trust me that changes the whole experience.\n\nI'm not going to really reiterate what the club looks like, if you're interested then read my old review or look through the pictures.  I will mention that this time around I did see the hip hop room, did not go in.  It looked super crowded, but I also got to see the rooftop terrace.  Wow, I really like that rooftop Terrace, it reminds me of Chateau's rooftop terrace.  It offers really great views of the strip and plus it was nice to get away from the crowds for a bit as the rooftop terrace was no where near as crowded as the main club.  \n\nSo here's reason #1 for why a bunch of Yelpers gave Omnia a not so favorable rating: crowds\/crowdedness\/lack of room - yes Omnia is super crowded, it's the newest hottest club so of course expect it to be packed to capacity.  If you're someone who hates feeling like a packed sardine, hates being touched and pushed by random strangers, hates worrying about being stepped on, and love to dance without having to worry about hitting someone or getting hit, I suggest you invest in bottle service or be a good looking girl, either or.  \n\nMy friend, cousin and I did not show up to Omnia till about 12:30 am, with guestlist closing at 1 am.  Lines to get in were long, extending to the outside area.  Luckily we were able to get in touch with a promoter who helped us out and led us to the front, by passing the long lines.  By the time we got in, the club was super packed and crowded.  Nervo was spinning, they're not super well known and popular and the club was still packed.  I cannot even imagine what it would be like if there was a mainstream dj there.\n\nHere's reason #2: unfriendly\/rude\/mean bouncers, honestly I did not have any issues with the bouncers.  They were nice to me, pleasant but then again I don't usually cause any problems.  I say please and remember to say thank you and am generally pleasant to them.  The bouncers there were nice, just trying to control the crowd which is probably not an easy thing to do considering how crowded it gets.  \n\nTips: \n\n-Bottle service if you can afford it, or get on guestlist and go early to avoid crowds and stake out a good place on the dance floor.\n-Be nice to bouncers, promoters, doormen, etc\n-Dress to kill