I hosted a going away happy hour at the Abbey last Thurs. for a group of my friends.  I chose the Abbey as the location because it encompasses a bar, a restaurant, and a coffee bar, and therefore is capable of satisfying a variety of tastes.  Additionally, it is quite large and has a lot of seating, including a pleasant-looking outdoor seating area, so I figured it could easily accommodate my group regardless of how many people ended up showing up.\n\nBecause the Abbey doesn't accept reservations, I arrived at the beginning of my event with a couple of guests and explained the situation to them.  The hostess told me that they normally wait for the entire group to show, but because my guests would be filing in and out over the course of two hours, she had us hang out at the bar while she prepared a table for us.  The table that we ended up at was between the bar and the foyer, and we didn't have consistent waitservice during our visit, but it did allow guests to come and go easily, which was nice.\n\nFor my drink, I ordered a prosecco, which was $1 off for happy hour ($7).  It was exactly what i expected--nothing too out of the ordinary, just a basic dry wine-like alcoholic beverage.  As a snack, I ordered the Yukon gold smashed potatoes ($7), which were miniature potato cakes topped with cheese and a garnish of aromatic green herbs.  They were rather bland to the point that I requested salt and pepper to impart some flavor to them.  Like the beverage, they weren't bad, but were nothing too special.\n\nMy other guests ordered a variety of drinks and food, including beer, cider, and cocktails as well as burgers and other small plates.  I can't comment on them because I didn't try them, but my guests didn't complain but didn't rave, either.\n\nBased on my experience, I'd say that the Abbey is an A-OK spot to host a happy hour or other informal gathering.  The service was sporadic and the food was okay, but the setting was nice and offered something for everyone.  At the time of our visit, we were unable to take advantage of the outdoor seating because of rainy weather, but it looked like it'd be nice if weather permits.  The Abbey offers a welcome alternative to the many loud bars on Butler St. such as Industry, so be sure to check it out with your group.  3.5 stars.