Avoid this rental company at all cost, I was arriving from Boston and had a reservation through E-Z Rental which i had completed online. Upon arriving to the car rental location there was a line of approximately 50+ people ahead of me, Meanwhile there were ONLY 2 people on the counter one of whom was an black girl who kept talking about miscellaneous subjects with the customer instead of completing there reservation - I personally witnessed how she printed out the customers reservation documents and handed him the pamphlet and still continued to carry on the conversation for almost 10 more minutes; a conversation that had absolutely NOTHING to do with their reservation or service for that matter. \n\nNow what infuriated me the most it wasn't the poor customer service if you can even call it that or the fact that they were extremely understaffed but the fact that they have one of their workers [a hispanic lady] standing in the VIP lane waiting for VIP customers (or anyone with the exclusive membership) to be helped and in the process attempting to convince customers whom were in-line to upgrade for their exclusive VIP membership.\n\nExcuse my language but this is bullsh***, Is this company seriously that greedy? That not only are they giving there customers an tough time by having them wait in line for HOURS, but then they have the audacity to actually try to almost force or hustle them out of even more money while they're waiting? So here i am waiting an hour and forty minutes past-by and i'm finally at the counter when i am told by the rental agent that i'm unable to complete my reservation because they don't accept by bank card, fine so i suggested using an different card apparently that one wouldn't work either; then i suggested having the reservation under my elderly father since he has a card as well - they wouldn't allow me to because he had to have a license despite me being the driver and having an license.\n\nI ended up just leaving extremely frustrated and thinking i was going to be stranded with my luggage however luckily the guys over at FireFly rental were able to provide me with a rental and get me in a car within 15-minutes of all of this happening. I've used many different rentals in the past but i've NEVER EVER witnessed the level of greediness that E-Z has. I mean to see 50+ of their customers many of whom are fresh off a plane, tired, mothers with babies etc. waiting there and not bother to at-least open up the VIP lane for them to speed up the rental process; Guess that is asking for much.\n\nNow i'm aware that this is a business and it wouldn't be fair for paying VIP customers to find themselves having to wait HOWEVER it seems rather cruel of them to not make an exception when there are so many people. During the time i spent waiting there were less than 3 VIP members. Its really sad, Id recommend Dollar Rental, FireFly or any other before dealing with E-Z any day.\n\nUPDATE: Since this review 'E-Z Rental' has now changed their name to 'Advantage Rent-a-Car' DO NOT BE FOOLED!