This used to be my go-to sushi place as it is cheap and quick. After a couple of bad experiences however, I decided to end my relationship with Daily Sushi and go after the other fish in the Toronto sea. Because I'm worth it.\n\nThe three different sets of lunch specials change depending on the day. I would usually get the salmon teriyaki bento, which was about average compared to other sushi places in Toronto (packaged miso soup, boring salad with ginger dressing, salmon, rice, 3 cucumber rolls, veggies, tempura and orange slices for $7.50 plus tax). You get quite a lot of food that isn't particularly great, but it's cheap.\n\nThe best part about Daily Sushi is that you always get an appetizer \"on the house\". It could be edamame, soup, tempura, spring rolls, dumplings, whatever they choose. At one point I was going so often that they remembered I could not have pork or beef, and would only give me vegetarian apps, which was thoughtful.\n\nThe service is fast, and what I would call TOO efficient. Many a time have I felt the waiter or waitresses eyes on me, waiting for me to unwrap my chopsticks so they can swoop in and take the wrapper from my table. It's a bit unsettling.\n\nMy bad break-up experience happened a couple of months ago when the normal male server wasn't working. I decided to break my lunch special habit and get unagi don, which is basically eel on rice. What was put in front of me was disgusting. Cold, lumpy rice with a pathetic strip of cold eel on top. The eel was thin and full of large bones. After forcing a couple of bites down I had to ask the waitress to take it back, and I ordered something else. The worst part was that she actually made me feel embarrassed for sending it back. She told me she could warm it up for me (how? A microwave? No thank you), and after I declined she made a big fuss about it. I've never been treated like that before as a customer. \n\nSorry Daily Sushi, it was you, not me. I've upgraded to the hunk that is Solo Sushi Bekkan, about 3 minutes away on Grosvenor. We're very happy together.