I discovered Carlo's Bake Shop sometime late last year while walking through the Grand Canal Shops at the Venetian. There was a line that started at the canal and snaked its way into the alley up to the shop. Upon enquiring with a couple of folks that were lined up I found out that Carlos was the baker from the hit show \"Cake Boss\". I had watched a couple of episodes of Cake Boss but I was not such a big fan as to line up for two hour so I decided to skip it for now and try it during my next visit to Vegas, which is exactly what I did a couple of days ago.\n\nThis time there was a small line of about 7-8 people before me so it seemed manageable. Even with hardly 7-8 people the line moved very slowly and I had to wait about 20 minutes for my turn. My plan was to get the Lobster tail and Cannoli as these seemed to be their most popular items, but at the very last minute I was swayed by an innocuous sign that said that our famous crumb cakes are available fresh only in the mornings. As this was morning time I checked if they had any and on learning that they were available I decided to get a lobster tail ($5.95) and a slice of the crumb cake ($4.50). After placing my order with someone behind the counter I had to wait at the cashier to collect and pay for my goods which took another couple of minutes. In all it took about 30 minutes to get two items which seemed too long.\n\nThe simple way to sum up the taste would be \"humongous failure\". The crumb cake was dry and hard like a cookie. It tasted bland like they had forgotten to add a couple of ingredients to the mix. The crumbs were a little better. They were soft, chewy and very mildly sweet but were actually edible whereas the cake base was trashed after the second bite. The lobster tail fared much better that their \"famous\" crumb cake. It looked like a croissant that had a nice cream filling so I bit into it expecting a soft flaky croissant with a light, delicious cream filling. The reality was a hard shell that shattered into small pieces with each bite along with a heavy cream filling that had just a hint of sweetness. It was clear that these were targeted at the not-too-sweet crowd but I'm certain that even those that prefer their deserts less sweet will find these pastries to be extremely bland.\n\nI should have read some of the reviews on Yelp about this place which would have prevented me from wasting 30 minutes here. My experience has been that TV based super star chefs find it difficult to re-create their magic in a live environment and Carlo's Bake Shop certainly reinforced that belief. My advise to anyone who plans to visit Carlo's Bake Shop would be to take an escalator to the casino level and get some treats from Bouchon's bakery whose products you will find to be infinitely better that what you get here.