First off I'll start off by saying that I really wanted to like this place as it is about a mile from my home. I usually stick to my local favorites but have scoped this place out while driving by and got a coupon in the mailer.  First things first when you first walk in the smell of the mesquite is a nice welcome, unfortunately it pretty much ends there. \n\nThere were 4 gentlemen ordering in front of me and basically 2 hard working workers taking care of the restaurant. Both were trying to make burritos near where you order while also cooking in the back as well as run the cash register. These guys were moving as fast as they could but were very disorganized (obviously a management issue). By the time I got to order I had been standing in line for over 10 minutes. While standing in line which seemed forever I noticed a few things. First the tortillas are store bought. The cooks literally opened up a shopping bag on the counter and pulled out clearly labeled for retail bags of tortillas (the bags had the government mandated nutritional info printed on them). After reading reviews of this place I noticed a few other Yelpers noticed this as well. I know that the majority of the \"Bertos\" Mexican places use locally made tortillas. So seeing this when I got to order I changed my order to breakfast Tacos (was originally going for a burrito) and hoped for the best. Also when waiting I noticed that the carne asada was nearly black on the outside (think jerkey) not juicy steak like you get at every run of the mill \"Bertos\". I also noticed that one of the cooks had a towel thrown over his shoulder and would use it to wipe down everything from the counter when food spilled on it to the prep areas where he would put down tortillas when someone ordered one. After working in a kitchen I know this is a no no per health code violations. \n\nMy coupon was buy any 2 breakfast items and a drink and get one item free. So this is were it gets bad fast. While ordering the cook says what are you in the mood for and  I said Im looking at the tacos which do you suggest and he says back the chorizo ones. He then tells me that they are all 99 cents during breakfast hours. So at the register now stands what I guess was the manager as he was wearing a Julias Mesquite Mexican Grill Polo and was pulling large sums of money in and out of the register. I handed him my coupon thinking 2 breakfast tacos at 99 cents plus a buck and a half for a drink (they didnt have any listed prices for any of the drinks they have) so I thought with tax Im walking out for less than $4 bucks. The manager then says this coupon is for the breakfast platters which I then look at the coupon and nope it says any 2 breakfast items. So he hastily rings me up and says my total was $6 and some change. So I tried to break down the simple math for him and said 2 tacos at 99 cents each plus the drink which he automatically charged me for a large is $4 bucks plus tax. He then tried to explain to me that the tacos are originally $1.89. I may not be have a math degree from Harvard but simple math is simple math. I asked him are the breakfast tacos 99 cents during breakfast and he said yes. They was a gentleman waiting behind me to pay and his food was ready so I just paid my tab. While waiting again (for my food) I was looking at the receipt and what he did was charge me for 2 full price tacos, not the breakfast pricing. I told the manager that he had over charged me which then continued to argue with me. So I asked him to see the coupon which I checked to see if it said anything that you had to pay the full menu price while ordering which it didnt. I know it was only a few bucks but I work hard for my money and just dont like giving it away and being over charged. I told the manager that I was going to write a review on Yelp which he responded that nobody reads those things. \n\nSo I finally get my breakfast tacos which had left a lot to be desired. They were very sloppy and greasy. I have eatin at almost every \"Bertos\" place in the valley and I know greasy lol but these were dripping with grease and coated my throat with a film. I only ate one which I braved though because I wanted to try the different kinds of salsa. Honestly if I didnt have an issue with the math in this place I would still not come back. With the store bought tortillas, the dried up meat (other Yelpers have said the same) and the cooks not being properly trained in the health codes, on top of it taking 20 plus minutes for me to order and receive 3 small breakfast tacos when there were only 4 people in front of me. There are plenty of other Mexican joints and your money and time are better spent else where. I know almost everyone rags on the \"Bertos\" places but my local one is fine dinning compared to this place.