We ate at Chef Conant's Mosso Osteria for the first time last night. Here's three take aways:\n\n1. Same delicious food from Chef Conant at more affordable prices. A+\n2. The breads, pastas, and desserts are all made in house. \n3. We had a wonderful meal made even better by passionate and enthusiastic team members\n\nWe had the Recco Style Garlic Bread to start. One team member in an Italian accent enthusiastically explained that the cheese in the garlic bread is imported from Italy and comes from the milk of cattle after having walked a great distance in the alpine mountains yielding cheese that is very creamy with high fat and acidity. It felt like a scene from the TV show Portlandia, but in an exciting way it added so much meaning to the dish which was absolutely delicious. The bread was the consistency of Indian Naan and had the aforementioned imported cheese tucked between it's layers and topped with fried garlic shavings. This is a must try. The best. \n\nSecond to come out was Zucchini Fritti. Very thinly sliced zucchini is battered, fried till crispy, and served like chips. Tossed with mint and chilies, this dish was light and flavorful. Amazing. Also a must try. \n\nChef Conant's Signature dish is \"Spaghetti\" crafted with a technique to elevate 4 very simple ingredients (tomatoes, garlic, red chili flakes, fresh basil) into a flavor dense and ultra creamy sauce. Our server recommended the Pasta al Pormodoro saying it's the same recipe just called by a different name. After trying it, I do believe the pasta is different and I didn't get any heat from red chili, But if I hadn't had the original to compare it to I wouldn't have known the difference. Still a world class pasta. I will order this over and over again. \n\nVegetarians, order all the dishes I just mentioned. You will not be disappointed. \n\nMy husband ordered the Tagliatelle with bolognese & fonduta which he was really happy with. He says he will come back for more. \n\nThe table next to us ordered the Wood Roasted Chicken. They liked it a lot and said the secret to the flavor was a dry rub. \n\nWe had a great experience at Masso with great food and great service. It's so nice to have world class restaurants such as this off the strip and easily available to Las Vegas locals.