My overall experience with this company started off to be the best but sadly ended on a nasty note. \n\nI found Arizona Movers and Storage through Google. My first impression was on my call to get a quote for moving rates. I had a very small moving job literally two miles away from my home. The woman on the phone was extremely professional. Very friendly and answered all my questions. This was the second quote I got and decided to use them since the person I spoke to was very friendly. Also the rates were very reasonable. Two weeks after scheduling my appointment I called back to change my move date by one day earlier. Again spoke to the very friendly woman who answers the phone who was able to accommodate the change in date. The day before my move she called to confirm, verify the time of my move along with restating pricing. Everything was still to the best level of customer service.\n\nOn the day of the move two gentlemen showed up right on time. One was experienced and the other gentleman it was his first day. I had everything in one room all organized to help them get the job smoother. Both men were able to lift, move and pack the truck up. On to my brand new residence the two movers moved everything smoothly. A few nicks here and there but nothing major until the new guy accidently dropped the dresser into the brand new wall in my home. This caused a long gash and a hole. It was clearly an accident which I was very nice over the situation. Hey! It is his first day and accidents happen. The experienced gentlemen even said to me he was surprised I was not mad as them since this is a brand new home just built. He explained to me the process in getting it fixed. He told me I needed to place a call to the company and they will work with their insurance to file a claim. Which is exactly what I did immediately. The person who answered the phone who was also friendly told me to email them with pictures of the damage then they will send it to their insurance company. She explained it was the weekend so I would not hear anything until Monday. After 48 hours of not hearing from anyone that Monday I called the office. The lady who answered the phone looked into it and confirmed the email was received then explained to me that she would send it to the insurance company to file a claim. It takes 10 business days to process. I received a timely response but it was very disappointing. I got an email from the company stating \"per policy our company is not liable to any additional claim you may that is not mentioned on the invoice at the time during move. We see that you did not specify then and document it so we are sorry for the inconvenience. \" That was the whole email.  \n\nI wrote the company back in disspointment as I felt that this was not fair. I followed the directions of the mover and immediately called but was never explained this part of the process. No response at all from my email. I feel as a customer I was nice through the whole process. I did not pick at every scratch and scrape on furniture or on the wall it was just one hole and a large embedded scratch. I even tipped the guys some lunch money. I did not raise my voice or even get mad. You would think in supporting a local business to help keep money in the city they would have more professional practices when things do go wrong. I will not be using them again in the near future and will not be referring them to any tenant that rents from me. \n\nSo my advice for anyone who chooses to use this company. They are nice on the front in but I caution you if there is any damage. Make sure you write it LARGE and CLEAR all over the invoice. Document everything including names of all parties you speak to.