Please save yourself time and money! This place is terrible. We wish we would have read the reviews before going!\n\nAt first walk up we thought the place was promising with some live music outside, walk in, and there's no host to greet us, we kinda stood around waiting until what I think was a server directed us. \n\nOur server seemed nice enough to start with and even took some time to try and fix the wobbly table. \n\nWe were served the chips and salsas to start , they weren't all that bad, really the chips saved \n\nOur Server offered us the guac as a starter.....yea yuck, it tastes prepackaged and old. They try saving it by dousing it with a crap load of lemon but we're not fooled, this is not fresh!\n\nWe let the server know we wanted to send it back as it didn't taste fresh, if you've ever had an avocado or guac that is starting to brown and isn't fresh you know the EXACT flavor I'm referring to. Instead of apologizing and taking the dish away she proceeded to inform us that we were the first to ever complain about the guac.\n\nAt this point we are really concerned about the quality of the food but we're hopeful.\nMy husband had the tacos, I had the carne Asada cheese fries and my sister had the ceviche and 1 taco.\n\nWhen the food came out we realized this was definitely not an authentic place and more so a tex-mex place -- really though that would be a compliment to what we were served.\n\nTaco plate- tortillas were cold and stale. Meat was chewy, rice was not Mexican, it was green for god sake.\n\nCarne Asada fries--- I could get better fries at a high school football game. These were loaded with what seemed like cheese whiz, old pico de gallo, sour cream and of course the gross guac the server offered to make sure wouldn't be on any of our dishes.\n\nCeviche - again NOT Mexican and NOT FRESH. It had this weird blackish grey color to it. And the flavor was lacking.\n\nAt this point the server should have came by to check on us and make sure the food came out as expected (without the guac as she herself had offered) but 20min later we still hadn't seen her. \n\nMy husband had one taco, I had a small section of the fries and my sister had a few bites of the ceviche, we decided this just really wasn't something we could consume or pay for. Our server finally came to check on us we let her know we weren't happy with the food. Again she proceeded to inform us that their food has a lot of flavor and clearly we can't handle all the flavors. WHO TALKS TO CUSTOMERS THIS WAY? After a few more comments about how this is her favorite food and the chef is Mexican she offered to get the GM over. He took over 10min to come and speak with us, we let him know we weren't happy with the food. Apparently he doesn't even know what his own dishes look like or didn't take the time to find out what we had been served in those 10 min because he responded to my husband with \"well you don't like the food but you didn't even touch yours, but yea ok\" \n\nWe let him know we had all actually tried our food, my husband had a taco as well as some meat from the other 2 tacos. It wasn't good. We offered to pay for the margarita and the taco but he refused and told us we could go. \n\nI don't know how long this place has been open, but with food that bad and the terrible service to go with it I don't know how this place expects to make it. I'd assume what's keeping them afloat is the bar.