This was my second time watching this show.  I really didn't want to watch the show because I was quite disappointed the last time I watched it a couple years back.  I was sort of force to watch it this time because the group I had gone to Vegas with had already bought the non-refundable group tickets.  Lame!  Or maybe not?\n\nI must say the show this time around was definitely a lot better.  Not sure why though?  Maybe it was not as boring or because we had floor seats versus seats up top on the 2nd floor?  I bet the latter had something to do with it.  They didn't have any celebrity guest host this time.  The performances were hot.  The men were eye candy.  They make you want to move to Vegas and see them everyday.  Well, not until you hear from locals and surveys or something, that most or all of the performers are G-A-Y.  So sad for the straight people out there, but I think one guy was straight because they did mention one of the guys was a father.  Although he could be a gay dad.  LOL oh well...\n\nAnyway, they had a good number of acts where they pulled girls from the audience to participate.  Oh yeah, there were men in the audience too, and I believe they were straight.  While the performers put on their shows, these men in the audience seem disgusted about how the performers were acting and how the women were reacting.  It was a priceless kodak moment!\n\nThe best show, in my opinion, was when the MC pulled up 3 women to play along and perform some act that they were told to do.  One woman had to give a guy her best lap dance.  Her dress was so short it kept rolling up and she kept flashing the audience with her ass (she had a thong on).  In the end she said F it and just kept dancing with her dress up.  It was amazing!   The other girls performance were meh, not worth talking about ha.\n\nHottest guy in the group was Mikey (according to my group of friends and I.\n\nFYI: If you want a pic with the men at the end of the show, they charge per guest who appear in the pic, not per picture received.\n\nIf you come here for a bachelorette, your group should hit up the strip club after!!!  Just sayin...