It's sad to see that restaurants cut corners just to make and extra buck.  As you may know my reviews are very honest and long and I don't mind telling the truth. I promise, Gumpy's cafe lives up to their name. Get cozy and and I'll tell you all about my grumpy experience. \n\nWalking into to this place there is nothing much to look at as far as decor but I will say that the eye is entertained by perhaps a local artist's artwork and photography (a long with tacky handwritten price tags, but no big deal). My boyfriend and I stood at the counter for a full two minutes waiting for some to acknowledge us reading specials on a white board and finally a woman comes up and she said, \"hi\" and just stood there. Maybe I'm not use to being the person that speaks up but I though she would say something like, \" Hi. How are you today? And Can I get you guys seated today? Inside or outside?\" Yeah, there was none of those options just, hi. So, I said, \"table for two.\"We where seated by a window (aawwwww how nice) and given our menus. The menu was small but had a decent selection of food, I was torn between perogies and nachos with Texas caviar. The waitress came back and asked us what we wanted to drink. It would have been nice if our waitress asked us if we had ever been here before but she didn't and we haven't so I asked her what where the choices ( I asked bc drinks wasn't on the menu and I really wanted a ice cold beer that day but...) so with kind of a rushed attitude like I should know or something, she rattled off coke, water, coffee, ice tea and lemonade I opted for lemonade and my boyfriend decided to break away from his healthy routine and have a Coke. As soon as she came back with our drinks she asked us if we were ready to order and I still had not decided on what I wanted yet. There were not mentions or suggestions about the specials they had that day. We told her we needed a few more minutes. In our wait I noticed FLIES! And I hate flies  they were all over the window, we were trying to swat them away from us, no one noticed. Every time we killed one, two more would come back. \n\nFinally I opted for Nachos to be on the safe side and my boyfriend ordered the Rhino burger. It was quite a long wait and what I couldn't understand was why had a couple that had been seated minutes after us being served and I ordered the same thing the guy had. And I was not at all impressed by what I saw but who's to say they wouldn't be the best nachos ever.\n\nGrump'y Nachos:\nWhen my nachos finally came out I was disgusted! I love, love, love, nachos but this was some bullsh*t! Why the hell would they even put this garbage on the menu? \n\"Corn chips smothered with chorizo.\" The corn chips were baged and store bought. Not a big deal and I'm sure the red white and blue colors were patriotic. \"Smothered in chorizo?\" No! More like sprinkled chorizo there was nothing smothered about that and my nachos were bone dry. I had never heard of Texas caviar but it was described to me by our waitress as a three bean salad, gross! But I said, \"hey let me try it.\" \n\nIt was gross, it looked as if someone pored a little bit of canned kidney beans, black beans and chickpeas over it and melted shredded cheddar cheese on top of it. Who ever's Ideal it was to disgrace Texas but calling it \"Texas caviar\" good job! Please rename it trash and do away with it as soon as possible. \n\nFor those of you who cook, you should know that if you microwave shredded cheese on a tortilla chip then the cheese is going to burn onto the chip if you leave it on long enough. Plain and simple, if your going to be that cheap, at least make it taste a little bit better with can con queso  cheese or any cheese in a can that melts...** hint, hint not yo' cheese but nacho cheese, (corny but that was funny), lol. \n\nLast but not least, my baby's infamous Rhino Burger...\n\nWhy? Okay wait, why in the hell is it called a Rhino burger? There was nothing exotic or tasty about this burger but before I completely throw it under the bus and reverse on it like road kill, I will say that it took away the puke taste of the Grumpy nacho's I had. In his own words, \"it reminded him of a dry sloppy Jo.\" Mind you this delicious burger was suppose to have salsa on it and it was also severed with yet another Texas theme, Texas toast, with an extra dollop of butter to kill ya!\n \nBottom line this place was not worth eating at and I will never ever, go back.