Finally made it!  I LOVE SALADS! \n\nWe're old fashioned, a steak and potatoes ain't a Steakhouse meal UNLESS there's a fresh Caeser tossed in front of us where we can all watch the action.. our waiter Carl has the goods.  First heard about his skills via Yelp (*thanks Yelp!) so when we booked it, I had requested his services in my reservation.\n\nWe arrived and I hadn't been greet by Carl initially which made us all very, very uneasy.  We flew in just for this, you know, so finally after a good 3-4 minutes of awkward eye contact with my father and his lovers.. IT BEGAN!  'The-Beacon-of-Salad-Bowlsing' himself walks right up and just says it.. \"YOU BOYS READY TO GET TOSSED!!\". I got super wet in my mouth.. it was all happening so fast.  Out rolls the salad table and we all started grinning like children.. my father beat his fist on the table rhythmically and we started too... it was like slow boil that just started going NUTS!  We're here, he's here.. we're happy, he's happy!  Then he does it.. he grabs the bowl and spins it like he's a flipping Harlem Globetrotters, one of my father's lovers starts doing the Globetrotters whistle and Carl slams the bowl on the table shows us it's empty like a magician's hat then he pops out a bottle and does \"jerking\" motion then starts spraying the bowl with this pearly off white Caeser dressing.  My eyes rolled ALL the way back and I gripped the seat hard.  He flipping in the greens and I swear I heard classical music while he got to work!  I said \"YOU'RE THE MASTER... WHHHOOOOAAA!\"\n\nBeing ever the humble creeper, he goes.. \"a Master, you mean this idiot massaging these leafy greens with my tiny digits that always smell like a b-hole\" (then he said \"coincidentally\" while doing air quotes, smelled his Caeser dressing smoothed fingers and flipping winked).  The guy gots flare, who could deny it... seamlessly dancing his spinach shovels in and out while eye-raping the lady's neckline at the table behind us.\n\nI challenged him by saying that he might do better if he became versed in something other than tossing stranger's salad while they're in Vegas.  He said his father did, his father's father did and it's just in his blood.