My friend and I decided to try Takeda Thai  after her reading glowing reviews of this ethnic establishment.  So on a weekday lunch we decided to give it a try.  At around noon only one other table was occupied.  We both decided to order the green curry with chicken as that's one of our favorite Thai dishes.  When the dishes were brought out, we were dumbfounded at the small proportions on the plate\/bowl..(see accompanying picture- using a spoon for sauce depth reference. The vegetables in the picture look sufficient enough, but that's because I spread the mound of them out in the bowl.)  We decided not to bring this issue up but when the check arrived my friend mentioned to the waiter how SMALL the portion was for the price - $7.99 and explained that at Thai House - located very near to this establishment - portions were much more generous - take-out being in a quart container for $9.99.  The waiter (who was actually the owner, as he told us) said:  \"It's a lunch\" -although that was not denoted on the menu - which was kind of confusing in itself.  Then he said:  \"You want MORE???   I'm the owner, I can give you all you want.\"  We agreed to that.  When the entrée came out, there was only one entree instead of the expected two - and two plates were put down  - his expectation that we would SHARE the one entree!!  The portion was just as small.  When my friend examined the check, he CHARGED for the additional serving!  \nIn addition, we both had Thai tea that ratcheted up  the bill another $8.  I've usually paid around $2.50 at other Thai restaurants for Thai tea.  Needless to say, we won't be going back there - ever!  $42. (including tip - don't ask me WHY she left a tip) was way too pricey for an afternoon lunch.  I might add that 3 small bowls of soup were ordered for a child that was with us - those at only  65 cents each.  One dessert touted as \"homemade\" - coconut ice cream was $5.95.  You can see a picture of that if you type Takeda Thai into Yelp's search bar.  Looks like the serving is one scoop :(  \n\nPost Script....I thought I could add a pic to this review but turns out I can't