What happened to this buffet? It started with the cashier when we paid for dinner. The cashier had no sign of any enthusiasm. As if she was ready to go home at 4 pm. Then the host who was in charge to give us a table even lacked more customer service. She was on the phone talking to her family- I'm like really? Aren't you on the clock? As if she was on her break. The server who helped us was nice and very attentive. She knew when to ask us for beverage, water or coffee.  Let's talk about the crepe station. That guy looked like he did not want to be there to begin with. The cold section where the seafood was, smelled like nasty sewer. They did not fill what was out, and the floor on that station looked like as if you were in the wet market.\n\nI would like to compliment the guys who worked in the steak section. They were very kind and friendly. They had all the enthusiasm in the world that 65 % of the crew did not have. The prime rib is BOMB! It goes well with that french gravy! I think i's called Burgundy sauce. Top it off with mushroom and side of the rice pilaf (the one with butter) and woaaallah! Dinner is served! You have to try the macaroni and cheese- another bomb.com! There were 2 types of rice pilaf, and both were yummy! And last but not the least; the dessert. Creme Bulee, Flan and etc. There were lots of delicious treats to go for. Don't forget the crepe. You can add stuff to your crepe right on your own table like, the flan and some chocolate from the dessert station. \n\nI have to say I really like this buffet but, change is definitely a must! The atmosphere with the workers looked like there were tension among the diversity of the race. As if they were not happy to work there. They did not want to work together as a team and just wanted to mind their own business. The guys in the steak section- they need to take a page from their book. They knew what great customer service was, and they looked like they enjoy what they do. If not for the tension among the staff, the dirty seafood section and the cashier & host  who lacked professionalism- I would have rated this buffet a 4 or even 5. A lot of delicious stuff in the variety for a fair price.