Beer Minimum gets one star because they have beer. I must assume that \"Minimum\" refers to their level of care for their product and\/or customers.\n\nI was on my way to a picnic when I stopped by Beer Minimum to grab a case of Oskar Blues' Mama's Little Yella Pils. Later, while throwing some of the cans in a cooler, I noticed some dried mold on the bottom of the cardboard carry - not a good sign. At the picnic, I noticed that the beer was not quite what I remembered it to be (understatement). The next day, I found the canning date to be April 14, 2009 - almost a year and a half old.\n\nI returned to Beer Minimum with the remaining two six packs today. First they tried to tell me the beer wasn't necessarily bad. Then they tried to give me two replacement six packs of the same, equally old, beer. After a few calls to the owner and some awkward conversation, the lady directed me to Vecenie's Distributor from whom Beer Minimum got the Pils. I reminded her that I got the beer from Beer Minimum. She told me that I could have purchased that beer anywhere. I told her that her computerized records will indicate that I purchased it there.\n\nOne obstacle to my return was that I did not have a receipt. Unfortunately, I don't recall ever even getting a receipt. Anyway, I left the two fetid six packs with the lady at Beer Minimum.\n\nIt must be noted that this is the second time that I have purchased old beer from Beer Minimum. The first time happened about seven years ago when I moved to this area. I successfully returned, but it was still a pain in the....  I had boycotted them for several years as a result. I slowly started going there again because they are the closest distributor to my home.  I always checked the dates and kept the receipts. This time, they caught me off guard. \n\nThe moral of the story:\n\nI cannot, with a clear conscience, recommend this place. If you must go there, be sure to check the date of the beer you want to buy and save the receipt. Ask for help only if you want to feel uncomfortable. Buying beer should not be an adversarial relationship.