I was in the parking lot browsing on my app to find a meal and realized that this was right around the corner of the lot so the MIL and I took a chance. \n\nShe's not the most adventurous eater, but figured this was different though safe of a choice. \n\nThey serve you a cornbread cake while you wait which was yummy. I'm a sucker for those things and probably could make a meal off that and some greens alone. \n\nI decided on the fried chicken lunch with dark meat, greens and red beans and rice. The leg and thigh were seasoned nicely and the crunch was good on the pieces. I absolutely loved the sides. To my taste, the greens were flavored well and I like when it's cooked to tender but the stems still have some give and not cooked to super soft. I could eat more of those greens because texture is everything for me on greens. Beans and rice was also good. \n\nMy MIL wanted gravy and biscuits and they juuusstt stopped serving breakfast at 11am and we were closer to noon.They said they can make it for her though. When it came out she had some reservations as it isn't traditional, but once she took a bite she said that it was tasty. Instead of white country gravy, they used brown gravy and added griddled ground beef to it. She said though the biscuits texture was awesome and one of the better biscuits she had and she kinda liked the brown gravy as that's more flavorful that most country gravy. \n\nService was really friendly. Our server was nice and we appreciated they cooked her some biscuits anyways. If you get fried food, keep in mind there is a bit of a wait. There is one cook handling it all and frying takes a while. That was one of the few cons, but perhaps you can call ahead your order so it'll be ready when you get there to dine in. \n\nKeep in mind they have 3 slightly different menus for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Also the prices change during the time of day as well. My chicken lunch was $10 vs $16 for dinnertime. I think at $10 it was worth it, but I don't know about $16.\n\nI was surprised at how much I enjoyed this place.