After booking my Luxor room, I read many of the complaints here and feared for the worst. Luckily, there isn't much to complain about, unless you really enjoy complaining.\n\nThe rooms are clean. The bed is comfortable. If you look around online, you can get a room rate around $100 per night. Beyond that, what else do you want in Vegas? Are you really spending that much time in the room? A few more bonuses:\n\n- The layout of the casino is a bit more spread out than the other rooms in this price range, which is nice. You can actually get around without feeling overwhelmed. They've done a nice job of keeping it up to date as well, it feels very modern. Walk through say, Bally's at a similar price point for comparison, and you can tell the difference. \n\n- Close walk to the MGM and Mandalay Bay. And close to New York New York too, which has solid late night eats.\n\n- Very solid 24 hour diner.\n\n- Giant, nice pool, though it was super crowded when we went July 4th weekend.\n\nMinor negatives, if you want to call them that:\n\n- Yes, there is no WiFi. Tough shit. You'll have to plug in your laptop. #firstworldproblems. \n\n- You also need to walk a bit to get to your tower room from the casino. Really though, not that long of a journey. I don't know about you, but after stuffing my stupid fat American face at a big Vegas meal, I actually enjoy a bit of a walk. If you complain about this, you're probably a bit overweight and could use the exercise. I'm also going to go out on a limb and say you probably live in the South and vote Republican. \n\n- Read lots of complaints about CRT televisions, but we got a flatscreen. Not that it matters, how much television are you actually going to watch? There are only so many Carrot Top show ads you can sit through. \n\n- I would definitely recommend upgrading up one from the lowest room rate to get into the tower. The rooms in the pyramid itself seem to be too close to the casino and could get noisy I'd imagine, especially on the first few floors. \n\nIt's not going to be as nice as the Wynn or Aria, but you get really good value for what you pay for here. If you're stressing the negative reviews, don't. I did the same, but after staying there four nights, I'm happy to report that I had no troubles with the room. In fact, I'm planning on booking there again next time I visit. It's not going to wow you, but between the price, the comfort of the casino and the proximity of other good casinos, it's a very good value.