Easy 5 Stars\n\nI think everything what makes this place hum and purr like a well oiled machine has already been written. So I won't be rehashing a bunch of issues ya'll should know. I'm gonna stick with three things. The craft cocktails, the steak and the vibe. \n\nHip and Sexy\n\nThe lounge here is a throwback in time  circa 1970. I love this $hit man. Where Bartenders are Mixologists and the Old Fashion is king. Our Mixologist was Greg. Hip looking dude with his billy goat beard. He makes my wife a Cadillac Old Fashion and me a Flew the Coop. Both drinks are outstanding but I want more. I ask Greg to make me something special. His eyes light up and he says, I've been working on this drink that uses spicy pear liquor and bourbon. My reply, I'll take one. So and true mixologist form Greg breaks out his little black book that he has probably written down more ideas for drinks that you can shake a stick too. So I watch him and he's like a mad scientist with a Billy goat beard muddling a sugar cube soaked in bitters. Then he puts in alittle of this alittle of that and gives it a sample. Then back to work as he adds some apple cider beer and rims the glass with a lemon peel and presto, he hands me his drink. I said what's the name? His reply, he doesn't have one yet. I take a sip and this baby is smooth. Tastes like a beautiful fall day in a glass. The pear,  the apple, the bitters, the sugar and the bourbon were fucking excellent. I told Jeff that the name of this drink is Greg's Fall Back or GFB. In honor of the time clocks being pushed back an hour in the fall (extra hour of sleep) this would be a perfect name for such a tasty libation. He said he liked the name and would keep it. hooray!\n\nHmmmm Steak.\n\nI am a far cry from a fancy well to do guy. I'm not a lobbyist, politician, or a slick salesperson, I'm a regular dude. One thing is for sure this regular dude knows his steak. It's not rocket science to tell a great steak from a shitty one or if it's cook right or not. Fuck man it's common sense. The 8 ounce filet I got here was money. Served up \"old style\" on a sizzling metal platter. I ordered it medium. I cut right down the center of this bad boy to see if the chef got my temp right. Bingo, perfect. Perfect pink center and just awesome to look at. Now the taste. Meat. Yes I said it. It taste like meat. WTF does that mean? I want my steak to taste like meat not some doctored up sauce ladled, marinaded piece of turd. Let me taste the meat flavor baby. My steak had IT. I would say they used a seasoned salt and just pepper when cooking this bad boy. I don't think they used a plain salt. One word, delicious.\n\nVibe\n\nWe walked in they the lounge and it looks like time stopped around 1972. Don't get me wrong nothing was old or tattered. It was a perfectly restored lounge from the 70's. I kept waiting for Marsha Brady to walk in. That scored high points with me. From the paneling, to the booths to the lighting fixtures this place oozed hip and yes I'm fucking sexy. The same theme runs thru the restaurant with the dark woods with almost a 70s hunting lodge feel in the dining room we ate in. Very cool and I was impressed.\n\nVerdict\n\nI asked the Yelpers of Madison to help a vacationing brother out where to get a great steak and they did. I can't thank you enough and that's why I love Yelp. Remember to tell Greg the mixologist ( you are not a bartender) that Dan from Ft. Lauderdale sent you for his Greg's Fall Back or GFB and Stay Hungry!