You guys are the best! Where do I start .... from calling in for an appointment on a Monday morning, to having my petition prepared and filed by the Wednesday of the same week to stop a garnishment!! ;)  \nWhile walking out the front door of my family's apartment. I was served a scary legal document from an intimidating constable. Then I knew I had to make better decisions on how to correct my financial crisis immediately. So I started my search online. There are so many attorneys for bankruptcy and its soo confusing. So after actually reading a few of the websites and actually looking up reviews with the State Bar and Better Business Bureau I went with the best rated firm DELUCA & ASSOCIATES.\nI placed a call to the number listed on the website on Monday morning and spoke with a very pleasant woman named Wendy. Wendy helped ease my anxiety as to the lawsuit that I had just received and she scheduled me a FREE consultation with Mr. DeLuca the same day. I arrived for my appointment at this huge beautiful two story building. Looks intimidating and like a bank...but, as soon as you set foot inside the building you step onto marble inlayed floors.This building makes you feel very welcome and comfortable.  \nI was greeted by multiple staff members upon entry and immediately was offered water\/coffee for my consultation appointment. Stepping out of the elevator on the 2nd floor, I was again greeted by a very polite employee of DeLuca named Bonnie. Bonnie led me down a hallway full of individual offices to be seated. I was given a general information form and asked to complete the form to the best of my ability because the form would be used by Mr. DeLuca to help aide him in his consultation with my individual circumstances. After about 5 minutes into the completion of the general information form, the door opened and Mr. DeLuca walked in. He looks exactly like the commercials!!! Mr. DeLuca personally introduced himself and started a review of my case. In about 5 minutes Mr. Deluca assured me that I qualified for a Chapter 7 bankruptcy. Mr. DeLuca acknowledged my urgency to file bankruptcy to stop garnishment of my wages and he offered me a discount on the regular attorney's fees and costs charged, as my case was a very simple proceeding. Luckily, I had been planning on filing for Bankruptcy for quite some time and had the entire balance available. Mr. DeLuca even had additional options to retain the firm and not have to pay the initial retainer fee upfront. He stated the firm could move the initial retainer fee out 30 days to be automatically debited from my checking account or debit card on a day of my choice! This would have really helped if I did not already have the full amount ready. Then a paralegal named Amelina came into the office to ensure all the forms were complete, gave me a receipt, and set me a return appointment the next day to complete the paperwork.\nThe following day I arrived for my paperwork appointment. Upon entering the building I was quickly checked in for my appointment. An employee named DJ then took me into an individual office on the first floor to gather and review all the requested documentation. Needless to say.... DELUCA staff did all of the paperwork and I was completed within 30 minutes. Before leaving I was given a final appointment to sign and complete the bankruptcy forms.\nI returned for my signing appointment on Wednesday of the same week. I literally walked into the building, was seated into my own office to start the review of the bankruptcy forms for accuracy. After I reviewed the bankruptcy documents the department manager,  Brandon came into the office to answer my last few questions and concerns. The entire staff is very knowledgable.\nMy case was filed the same day and the garnishing creditor and my payroll department were notified of the filing by the firm by Thursday morning. With the reminder sheet that I was provided with at the signing appointment I placed a return call to the firm to obtain my case number and the hearing date and time of the meeting of creditors. The meeting hearing date was about 28 days from the date my case was filed. I arrived for my hearing at the Court house and had a seat at the back of the room. The Trustee called out my name and as I walked up to the podium, Mr. DeLuca was there addressing the Court. I was then asked to state my full name and address for the Courts record. Then the trustee asked me a few general questions and the meeting was finalized in less than 4 minutes. Approximately 60 days after my meeting of creditors I received my DISCHARGE. ;) As soon as I received my discharge I began getting credit card offers and pre-approved offers to purchase a car.\nAs the commercial says....DeLuca & Associates did all the work, They immediately stopped the garnishment of my wages, and have given me a fresh start to rebuild my financial future. I WILL RECOMMEND TO All MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY