Due to some cancelled dinner plans, we decided to just stay in and eat at one of the many great restaurants at The Venetian and Palazzo.  We looked and saw that Yardbird got great reviews, but there were no reservations available.  So, we decided to walk down and find another place.  On our way, we passed by Yardbird, so I went in to see if they did indeed have no availability.  They didn't.  HOWEVER, they did have seating in the lounge area.  It's basically some couches surrounded by a few chairs.  I thought this was a great idea and even better than a regular table.  Right when we picked our own seating area, the hostess sat us down and we were given some menus.\n \nAfter a few minutes, Kerri came over to help us.  She explained some of the more popular items and answered a few of our questions.  We ended up getting the Fried Green Tomato BLT, Mac and Cheese for the kids (no kids menu, but this was perfect for them), Original fried chicken (also for the kids), Short Rib, and a special of the day, which was fish.  First, the BLT was surprisingly good.  I normally \"like\" fried green tomatoes, but I \"love\" this appetizer (not a sandwich).  The tomato was such a refreshing take on the classic BLT.  The kids also loved their meals and I would have to agree that both the Mac and Cheese and the chicken were good as I had a little taste of both of them.  While the fish (cod) was cooked perfectly (crispy skin and all, along with some fabulous risotto), my favorite was easily the short rib.  The meat was incredibly tender and was so flavorful.  Since we were sharing all the dishes, I almost told my wife to get something in the room, so I could finish it all by myself!!  I'm just kidding, I would never do that.  I would send her to the nearest bathroom instead............\n \nAll the people working there were fantastic!  Unbelievably friendly and just made our whole experience there a blast.  Kerry was freakin' awesome and her personality was more like a good friend, more than our server.  In terms of the ambience, this is THE BEST place to just hang out with friends (or family, like us) and just do some casual people watching.  If you can get a seating area close to the walkway between Venetian and Palazzo, I recommend doing it.  The kids were hanging out on the couch while me and my wife chatted away and just enjoyed the stress-free life.......... for an hour, at least.