Actually I think they deserve 3.5 stars. It was 109 degrees outside, This building has seen better days. My brother and I were glad to walk into the cool restaurant that many claim has the hottest, best dim sum in Vegas.  It was totally crowded at 11:30 AM on Sunday. \n\nLooking at the waiting room and restaurant, 90 per were speaking Cantonese, but there were some token Filipinos (my brother and I were representin' along about 10 others). and other Asian  families. The hostess didn't take any names down at first, and suddenly five parties arrived after us. We were a feisty, grumpy hungry group in the waiting area  So, I loudly reminded the hostess we were next,  Her eyes bugged out and looked a little spooked, and immediately seated us in the only empty table that seats six!.  The hostess left and the so called waitress asked for our drink order. Drinks came out right away but it took another 15 minutes for her to return when we asked for hot tea besides our cokes.  \n\nThe cute smiley old ladies with the carts were really helpful and were glad to describe what they had. Geez some of these cart pushers were pushy! A few didn't speak much English, but I give them credit for trying. We had the following but didn't know which price group each was:\n\nsiu mai - good, flavorful blend of pork and shrimp\nwokked gai lan - my favorite veggie when sauteed right and it was\nchow mein thin noodles - really good, not too salty a simple dish but cool, not warm\nbarbecue pork - juicy, good charred meat and tender inside\nmeat balls - kind of rubbery, decent not great\nrice cake (plus two orders to go) - awesome if you like this dish, sweet and subtle taste, soft marshmallow texture\nmango mochi cake - our favorite item, with fresh mini piece of sliced mangoes, mango pudding inside mochi and topped with shredded coconut\nsesame do-nut balls - really good, sweet with ample sesame seeds, really crunchy when warm\n\nSo we finished about 2\/3 the order, and the waitress gave us boxes. She brings out the check. $38 before tip for all that. When she saw I was filling in the tip box, she started her smiling, and engaged in some small talk with us. \"Do you want water?  Do you want more tea?  Anything else? LOL, she has great timing.. Overall, prices are pretty good for what you get.  Service was OK. Overall, I thought they compared pretty well with places like New Capital in Monterey Park, some of the Oakland and SF dim sum places, and even some places in Hong Kong.  I'll be back.