Waiters and hosts are not friendly or patient WHATSOEVER. Read my story.\n\nWalking in: you see a magnificent kitchen with focused culinary artists paying attention to every detail of the food.\n\nThen, you wait for the host to tell you there's no window seats available though the restaurant just opened. You are puzzled and confused. You wait 30 minutes for the table and the host skips you because you're dad is the only one of your party there but you left for the bathroom. (A rule I've never heard before) You're forced to awkwardly ask for a window seat again. Finally, while making friendly chit chat with the  hostess, you get what you want..\n\nYou take selfies for da memoriez but you have waiters and waitresses giving you major stink eye.\n\nSoon, the server comes to offer a great arrangement of breads with butter and a palette cleanser.\n\nYour waiter comes up to you right after and expects you to have a decision. You don't and you are rushed to order. The waiter is very annoyed and walks away. So you feel unwelcomed....\n\nThe waiter comes a second time. We all order something different. He leaves. As he comes back around, you want to change your order to salmon instead of chicken. He tells you, \"No, I already ordered chicken in the kitchen.\" You say oh okay never mind :). And the waiter dashes off in a hasty fashion. You don't get it, that something easily changable. Honestly, you would go to the kitchen and change it yourself if you could.\n\nYou receive your food with stunning presentation, it was quite the instagram meal to go with the view. You were enjoying every bite but your dad didn't like his chicken. He told our, so far, degenerate waiter that he wasn't expecting shards of bones and grissle in the chicken. Waiter said, \"Well it's not supposed to be boneless\" your dad says,\"I know but I wasn't expecting shards of bone and grissle I was expecting a breast\" and the waiter says,\"Oh okay.\" And dashes off once again. I thought he would at least apologize. The restaurant is VERY dimly lit so reading the menu for someone with bad eye sight is HARD. Especially when half is in french and some ingredients are things you've never even heard of. We watch him suffer through his meal.\n\nFrom that rude encounter, you knew this waiter already did not like your family because they didn't order quick enough and he really just wants us to go away. You don't think they've had any strange requests or rude remarks. They're just a bunch of awkward, quiet folk over here.\n\nThis waiter decides to have happy chit chats with all the other customers around you and runs past your table every single time, which is kind of distracting. Not like you wanted to ask anything more from him anyway. \n\nIt's a great place to take pictures with family. They would get up by the window on occasion to take pictures with the Bellagio fountain. Meanwhile, that waiter would sit in the dark corner and GLARES at you having a good time. AND HE WOULD TALK ABOUT YOU WITH OTHER WAITERS. It's getting really ridiculous now. Clearly he doesn't want a tip. AND your family stayed there shorter than both tables beside them and your family were quiet people. NO DISTURBANCE. They definitely rubbed this waiter the wrong way but not for him to turn all middle schooler on us, damn!\n\nYou decide to be nice to him. When he collected our plates and uneasily offered dessert. You smiled at him and acted very pleased. And he actually asked where were you guys from and you said the Bay Area. And he said Aw California. And he dropped the menus and walked away.... Okay.\n\nThe waiter comes by right when we finished and collects the plates and drops the bill on the table. As so expected, very unwelcoming.\n\nBasically, y'all paid for the spot. and like many others your party stayed there for a little while longer. Soak in the breathtaking sight: the fountains, the lights, the dimmly lit room!\n\nBegan to leave and the waiter is glaring at you again, pointing you out to his waiter buddies. It takes a while to put on my coat and scarf and he intends to just keep staring at my family and I. I hope this time he was staring at us because he noticed no tip on the table...\n\nThe management clearly cannot stand the type that aren't fancy and high class. My waiter deeply disliked us for no real reason other than maybe we embodied some aspects of bad customers before. But I believe he deserved the no tip left on the badly cleaned table. Leaving on a positive note, the restaurant has an excellent taste for any savory or sweet dishes. All foods are creamy and I absolutely love that! The view is everything! But I wish the waiters and hosts put more care into their craft like that cooks.