Red is expensive. You are going to spend a pretty penny here, but don't let that stop you from the experience. Red is delicious, and the filet I ate here is the best piece of meat I've ever sank my teeth into.\n\nLet's start with the ambience and decor. Classy, upscale, minimal. We sat in the lounge. I've read reviews where guests complained about the lounge. After checking out the main dining room, I actually prefer the lounge. It's a more lively crowd and the red walls really give the room some 'pop.' \n\nOnto the food.\n\nWe started off with the steak tartar and the Florida stone crab, a special that night. The steak tartar was good, but very heavy on whatever herb or onion was mixed in. The crostini was the perfect amount of crispness and thickness. I was expecting more out of the presentation though, especially at that price point. It was as if the presentation was just an afterthought and didn't even matter. The Florida stone crab was fine. The mustard aioli that came with it was to die for and really gave the crab some oomph. \n\nWe then split the wedge salad. I'm a big fan of wedge salads, so there isn't much else to say. \n\nSteak. Steak. Steak. We split a filet. It was so damn good. Literally cooked to perfection with just the right amount of seasoning. The filet was so good I wish we would have ordered with the larger portion. Now when it comes to the sides, less is more. They are huge. That's the reason why they are $10 each. They are meant to be served and eaten family style. So if it is just two of you, I would recommend only ordering two. We went with the truffle whipped potatoes and the creamed spinach. Both were really good, but the truffle whipped potatoes has the edge. We're suckers for truffles. My beef (pun intended) with the creamed spinach was how heavy it was. I can only imagine how much butter and cream they are cooked in. One or two bites and you're done.\n\nFor dessert we split the hazelnut torte. Our server described it as being very similar to Ferrero Rocher, and he was spot on. It was super rich. It was served with pomegranate seeds and whipped cream. I'm assuming the whipped cream was homemade. I'm not a huge whipped cream person, but I definitely could have used some more of that. The crunch from the pomegranate seeds was a nice touch of texture.\n\nAll in all, I would definitely return to Red but only for special occasions because of the price points. I personally find it to be a bit overpriced for what it is.