My parents had received a free bottle of wine offer for this place, so they invited my hubby & I to go try it out. My mom had made reservations for Friday night at 7:30. Thank goodness my parents are always on time because I made my hubby & I about 20 mintues late, oops-I'm working on the whole being late BS! Any way, we had never been to this shopping center before so we had a lil trouble finding it. From the outside it looks pretty big, but once inside it's a lot smaller. The restaurant was pretty full but honestly I could hardly see! I am all for dim lighting but it was way too dark in there. \n\nThe server gave my parents an Amuse Bouche before we arrived. I believe it was just bread with oilive oil, all my parents said was it was a tiny piece of bread, hmmm. They also ordered the prosciutto, hearts of palm & artichoke app. I did not sample this but my parents & hubby said it was pretty good. I wanted to try the crispy goat cheese app so we ordered that as well. The goat cheese was excellent, very delicious & creamy. But for $8.50 I expected a bit more than just 3 tiny pieces. For our free bottle of wine we chose a Riesling, Chateau St. Michelle. My hubby & I enjoyed it & my dad said he did also but he definitely prefers reds over whites, my mom doesn't drink. FYI- The free bottle offer is for wines priced at $28, so we had to pay the $4 difference. What I found sort of strange was that the complimentary bread & butter was brought out way after our apps were served. The bread was a slighty sweet multigrain, which we all liked, but the butter was hard & not easy to spread. For our entrees we ordered the following: mom- seafood platter, dad- ahi tuna (rare), hubs- scallops wrapped in prosciutto & me- garlic shrimp. Mom's was yummy- loved the salmon & scallops, dad's was yummy also- cooked perfectly, hub's was my personal fav & mine was just ok. We decided to skip dessert but our server generously brought out a truffle for us to sample. I believe it was milk chocolate with macadamian nuts, pretty darn tasty!\n\nOur total (not including tip) came to about $160, I forgot to mention that my dad & hubby ordered a cocktail each, so not too bad for 4 people. They really are 4 star worthy, but service was so slow, we didn't get out of there till almost 10pm (when they close)! However, the chef did come out to say hello & ask how everything was, which I always appreciate. We just might give Truffles another try sometime...