I give it a 3 1\/2 stars.\n\nMy Pilipino Peeps say Nanay Gloria's is great!  \"Hoi nakong, you will bee pull!  Da beep-stek is delicious!\" I was told by an older patron, which I think thought I was one of her relatives.  Oh well, we do what we do!  Be respectful and tell nanay 'salamat'.  \n\nNanay Gloria's is a Filipino eatery, they do either choices with rice and soup, or you can go for the gusto and do the all-you-can-eat-especially-if-you-love-pork option for about $7.50.  Do the buffet folks!  It's worth it if you have the time and are familiar with a lot of the dishes offered.  Which day to day will differ, but it's a good thing especially if you don't mind change.  \n\nWe manage to always miss breakfast at Nanay Gloria's.  Some say it is probably the best meal they serve.  Rice, eggs, tocino, tomatoes, sweet longanisa (oh how I relish those potent loganisa burps), what's not to like?  And for a buffet?  Even better!  And with the breakfast buffet usually the lunch items are already mixed in there as well.  Brunch if you will.  All for the same price!  If you're gonna go, go BIG I say.\n\nWe usually get here for lunch and there's often a crowd.  It can get busy between late breakfast and early lunch.  Seating is pretty limited, but at least there is a dining area on the opposite side of the buffet line.  But be aware when you go to Nanay Gloria's, the rooms are warm!  Even with the AC on I was still sweatin' a bit.  I don't know if they are just trying to save money by keeping the thermostat at the 80s or folks working there want to feel like they are back home in the islands...hot and humid!  Bring a fan to cool yourself down just in case.  \n\nThe food?  Overall not bad.  Everything there goes lovely with white rice (which they server plenty of).  If you're into the carb and gluten-free life proceed with caution.  Hell, if you're watching your cholesterol proceed with caution!  Nanay Gloria's is some down home, stick-to-your-ribs food, and is often sitting in 'juice'...aka 'grease'...aka 'fat=flavor'.  Don't nobody be draining the fat!  Bastos!\n\nI like my crispy pata.  I like my bistek.  I like my adobo.  I like my bangus.  I like my sinigang.  I like it all over my rice.  Trust me, there are a number of pork dishes available at Nanay Gloria's, but I stick with my basic favorites.  Just hook me up a plate of food with a side of vinegar and garlic for dipping, some jufran, and a bottle of all-purpose sauce...and I'm set.  Let the battle begin!  \n\nWe literally cannot go there more than once every couple of months.  It just takes a lot out of you!  Cholesterol and salt content must be monitored!  And extra runs on the treadmill help too.  But oh do I like the food.\n\nSo the next time you want some pretty authentic Filipino food and you're on a budget, hit up Nanay Gloria's.  You will be greeted with a smile and and empty plate.  Fill that sucker up!