Revised review at Yelp and Farmerboys request:  This review is regarding a personal experience I had with an incorrect order and the subsequent lack of \"management\" etiquette about said order.  I waited in the drive through for close to 10 minutes, got my food and drove off as normal, but I stopped after realizing I was missing part of my order. I was upset after waiting so long, why did they forget my drink? I drove back to the resteraunt and was given a blank expression from the supervisor(?) after being ignored for a solid minute.   I got the rest of my order with zero apologies. I drove home and opened the rest of my meal, only to discover it was the wrong burger. This place used to be good, like 10-12 months ago.  But its clear that order accuracy and customer relations are not this location's strong suit, in my case. My food poisoning did occur from this location in the recent past, but I still chose to give the place another shot.  Shame on me for that. The rest of review removed at Yelp\/Farmerboys request for alluding legal action against me.\n\nUpdate 03-29-16\nHere's the reply I received from their corporate after explaining the situation in complete detail along with all of my contact information asking for a refund of the money that I paid for two meals equaling $40.\n\n\"Hi Mike, your feedback helps us see where improvements are needed. We apologize for the unsatisfactory experience you recently had at our location in Las Vegas, we'll address this issue immediately with the restaurant's team. Additionally, if you would like to speak with someone from our restaurant management team, please call our corporate office at (951) 275-9900 and provide us with your contact information. We'll make sure the appropriate person reaches out to you.\"\n\nThey had somebody that did not speak English as their primary language contact me I unfortunately could not understand her as she sounded like she was speaking with a mouth full of marbles.  Then she proceeded to call me by several different names instead of my actual name and asked that I restate every single thing I had already conveyed to the corporate office prior.  This made me furious as a customer and I ended the call.  \n\nUpdate 03-30-16\n\nI've received an email regarding complaints from Yelp\/Farmerboys to Help regarding my review, asking me to modify or remove the negative review altogether.  Since I thought this was America and we have freedom of speech, apparently not, according to Yelp's subtle legal action threatening email.  So I've modified my review to be more \"P.C.\" and to meet their \"Terms and Conditions.\" I'm no longer interested in participating in this biased website, so I'm out.