Let us start from the beginning. The parking lot is almost always full. Not good but there is overflow parking by Toys are us which is always empty which I tend to use. Besides the 1 minute walk is not a big deal given I am going in there to work out. \n \nLike all the reviews before me - the service stinks. No really, it does. The front desk staff are perpetually talking to one another, on their phones and just down right disinterested in you.  \n\nThe floors are clean and are not sticky, and now we have entered this mammoth of a gym. Its big, but busy. If you go on during the busier times, finding cardio machines can be difficult. True, there is a notice that says in such times, people should restrict them to 20 minutes. Tell that to the lady on it for over an hour. Hey, great legs comes at a price !  But otherwise the equipment is updated, all the machines have a small TV attached to them, and serve to pleasantly distract you from whatever you chose to be distracted. \n\nThe weight room is always poppin. The equipment is new, nothing is ever broken too long and is routinely fixed. The free weights in the dumbbells  go up to 100 lbs. which is slightly annoying since at the 'Pure Fitness\" they brought out it went to 120lbs. I am out of shape now enough to not want to go to 120, but its only a matter of time before I will want to go beyond a 100 lbs and it will not be an option. \n\nThere are enough benches and free weights for other routines and enough free weights for all the meat heads. A few women do work out with the free weights and yes, no women's only area, but that's like saying there is no men's only area. I could also complain women come in doused in perfume and dilly dally around the weights, but hey, its how it is. You're there to lift, so quit making complains and lift. \n\nThe machines are plentiful and varied enough to have something for everyone. Now time to strech\n\n2 precor stretch trainers, which is little too less. Moving on the yoga mats section etc, is not something I use, so I dont know much about it. \n\nThe classes start at 0545 in the AM and so I guess there is enough classes for everyone. Some classes esp the Zumba and Yoga classes all get jam packed. I don't know if its worth going to get elbowed. \n\nCould be a whole lot better, and I would gladly pay more for better facilities, even change gyms, but for now this is my only option and will do for now. Hopefully with the opening of a few more LA Fitnesses in the vicinity the crowd size should reduce  and take care of most of my complaints