In one word: NO!!!. A 1 star rating is way to high for this place. I am sorry but this would be my most nasty review because this is the most nasty service I had ever received. I had to calm down for a couple of days before writing it. It is going to be long, so the short version is if you want to get a service (not even a good service) or want to fix something DONT just DONT go to Electro C. \n\nI want there since I needed to fix a broken (cracked but working) laptop screen. They told me it will be ready in a week or two, I said cool and told them I am going for a 3 weeks vacation and will pick it up upon returning. When I came back I called them and they said they forgot to test it (You fix something and you dont check it is working???), guess what it had some issues and they said they need to order a new screen. This is when it gets worst. Every week for 2 months I called and every time I got the same answer \"it didnt arrive yet\", this is Canada not the middle of nowhere it should not take more then 2 weeks. Finally I had enough and went to take my computer, they said the reason is that the owner is avoiding them or something like that so they couldnt even order the new screen...so why did you tell me its in the mail??? dragging me for 2 months ???\nBut thats not the end of the story, they gave me back the laptop with NO screen, or the one they tried to put which was not the original Dell screen (as they promised they would put) and it had different properties then my original. But Also I gave them a working-cracked screen and got my computer in an even worst condition !!!! I immediately asked for a compensation since I was pissed..the guy in charge immediately went into the back like he is not there leaving me with the repair guy  which was very nice and tried to help (I will give him that since it is not his fault), but kept asking me so what do you want? They messed up they should try to offer me a compensation I shouldn't have to fell like I am trying to fish for a compensation. Finally I took something just to get it over with and left for a near by store that told me why did you put this cheap screen ? and fixed the computer in less then a week (ordering the part vie mail). \n\nSo once again NO !