While looking for a place to have dinner, I only needed to read 5 words to convince me to try this place out.  Those five magical words were \"duck and fois gras ravioli.\"  Umm...yes please!  So with little hesitation we called in for a reservation and I excitedly awaited dinner time.\n\nOnce we arrived at Scarpetta, we noticed that the decor was nice but not stuffy.  The people in the dining area seemed to be enjoying themselves and the view overlooking the Bellagio fountain just added to the overall ambiance of the restaurant.  The ambiance and decor definitely work well to add to the dining experience at this restaurant.\n\nThe service was also another thing that was nice and attentive but not overly intrusive.  They were very quick to take our drink orders and were quick to come back once they noticed we were ready to order.  They also did a great job of explaining all the complimentary breads and butters as well as fielding any other question we had.  \n\nNow for the important part, the food.  Here's a quick break down of what we had:\n\nComplimentary Bread:\n\nOrdinarily I wouldn't even mention this.  I mean, there are some restaurants that give you some phenomenally good bread but here is the thing that puts Scarpetta above and beyond those other places.  The stromboli!  Holy moly this thing is good.  Bread baked around cheese and pepperoni (I think it was pepperoni) was just so good.  I honestly could have had this for dinner and I would've have been completely happy.\n\nAppetizers:\n\nTuna Susci -   Assorted marinated veggies and preserved truffles wrapped in tuna.  I suppose this was the chef's interpretation of a sushi roll but I have to say that it just fell flat.  I mean with truffle and tuna in the mix I am still scratching my head as to how this couldn't be good, but it just wasn't.  It was bland and under-seasoned.  My recommendation, don't get it.\n\nBeet Salad - Pretty much what you expect of a beet salad.  A great assortment of different beets with pumpkin seeds and stracciatella cheese with a balsamic dressing, it was refreshing and delicious.\n\nBraised Short Ribs of Beef - This was by far my favorite appetizer.  The short rib was succulent and delicious.  Bedded on root veggies and risotto, this in a larger portion would make an amazing entree, let alone an outstanding appetizer.\n\nEntree:\n\nIndulge me for just a second while I draw a perverted metaphor.  If dinner were a porno, the bread was the nasty making out, the appetizers the foreplay, then the duck and fois gras ravioli would be the money shot.  Goodness sakes alive this is one delicious pasta.  A nice big plate of perfectly cooked ravioli with a drizzle of marsala reduction; these decadent little bites were heaven in tiny little pockets of pasta.  If you like duck and fois gras, this is a must!\n\nOverall, I had a great meal here.  I thought the prices were reasonable for Vegas fine dining, the ambiance great, the service spot on, and the food was just phenomenal.  Honestly, if I hadn't gotten the tuna susci appetizer, this would have been just about the perfect meal, but even the susci couldn't dissuade me from giving Scarpetta a well deserved 5 stars.  Bravo!