According to the phone book there are currently 6 locations of this local chain.  This location started life as a Taco Bell and has been several Mexican fast food places since then.  The building has seen a lot of wear. \n\nThey have quite a wide menu including mini soft tacos for $.99.  I got my usual test platter of a shredded beef taco and a cheese enchilada ($6.50) and a medium Horchata ($2.00).  The taco was both greasy and tasty, the two seem to go hand in hand.  The cheese enchilada came on a corn tortilla and was light on the cheese.  I didn't care for their choice of enchilada sauce.  The beans and rice were ok, the rice had mixed vegetables in it.  The overall serving size was quite ample.  The Horchata was one of the better ones I have had.\n\nServing the eat in orders on real plates is a nice touch.  But it leads to a problem as their is no way to clear your own table after the first two customers have and the place was not bussed while I was there so by the time I left 1\/2 the inside tables were full of dirty dishes.  The woman handling the front counter was mistake prone, she asked me what I wanted in my burrito as if I had ordered a #6 instead of a #4 and my order came to $9.19 and she gave me back $10.19 instead of $10.81 from my $20.  Not a big deal and I did not discover it until I reconciled my cash at the end of the day.\n\nSome where along the line they added a covered patio in front and judging by the fact the inside was full at lunch with a couple of us customers on the patio it is a good thing they did.  Many of the customers were take out so it is a popular spot.  I did not see take out menus nor do they appear to have a website so you have to go there and look at the menu board.  Because they have all the normal stuff it would be real easy to send one person with a list who could convert the combination's to numbers. They have a salsa bar and chips available.\n\nThe food is overall equal in quality and value to several other places.  I would probably choose to get that same level at a place that was kept up a bit better.  Judging by the number of customers there I may be in the minority.