*4.5 stars*\nMy local SDM, also known as the overdraft maker.  It's a 2 storey one and full of things that find their way into my basket all too easily.  I've a terrible tendency to go in for a pack of Band-Aids and end up spending $100 on conditioner and face cream.  I sometimes think my life could be improved by getting the lifestyle experts from Slice to come live with me-mainly Gail Vaz-Oxlade and Paul Plakas\/Tommy Europe.\n\nAs Vivek mentioned, they've installed an annoying swing gate on the right as you enter.  It's possible to squeeze along the side of it and continue to go right, but I'm reluctant to do that with security watching.  Instead I now have to avert my eyes as I cut through the extensive budget-ruining Beauty Boutique.  They have a great range of skin care from Dermaglow\/Vichy\/La Roche and Neostrata.  One of my friends recommended Kinerase and I was convinced they didn't have it until I found it next to the Strivectin etc opposite the L'Oreal make-up stand.\n\nThe medicines, vitamins, hair and body care, Canada Post and house cleaning things are upstairs.  I've used the pharmacy twice and both times the pharmacist was Dean who was smiley, friendly, efficient and knowledgeable.  He's a pleasure to deal with!  I've had really pleasant experiences with the staff in the Beauty Boutique too.  Friendly and know their products without being pushy.  \n\nThe grocery section is small and overpriced but handy if you've run out.  Strangely, the milk is cheaper here than in most grocery stores (except No Frills or Chinatown) and it's worth watching out for the specials.  It was handy when I was going through my peanut butter phase and it coincided with 750g jars for $3.49.  (Not really a good thing overall unless you really want to pack on the pounds.  That stuff is the easiest way I've found to go over my calories).\n\nThere's a great selection of magazines and some books which have decent discounts.  The focus is on chick lit though.\n\n-0.5 stars for the SDM prices and the randomness of the lines-sometimes none, sometimes way back into the grocery section.  There must be some way of organising it better...  Not enough to stop me shopping here though!