What's the best beer? Cold beer.\n\nNow and then after a 1 star day at work I visit Barley's to enjoy a cold microbrew draft beer and Caveman Keno. The atmosphere and beer elevates a 1 star day to at least 3 stars.\n\n  Barley's is an institution at Sunset and Mountain Vista that dates back to the late 90s. Barley's website alleges that it is the Valley's oldest and Henderson's only microbrewery. Barley's attraction is its microbrewery. It is a microbrewery that produces Black Mountain Beer, Boulder Gold Hefeweizen, Blue Diamond Beer, and Red Rock Original. For the record my favorite is the Blue Diamond Beer. The bartenders or mixotoligists serving the beer have been friendly, going so far as to introduce themselves. The upshot of this popular institution, is that the bar is often filled-to-capacity. \n\n  In similar fashion to several small businesses, Barley's sold out to a bigger company. Today Station Casinos owns Barley's. The Station preferred card is as good as gold in Barley's. Not only does Barley's gaming machines accept the Station preffered card, they also grant players a \"get out of paying for a drink pass\" when you put money in the machine. In my case, it works out. I put $5 in the Caveman Keno machine and when all is said and done, I break even because the $5 really paid for the open beer that is elevating a 1 star day to a 3 or above star day. \n\n  Gaming is fun in Barley's. This is not one of those bars that only offers video poker. This is a bar that features the gaming machines with a spectacular selection of Keno games. And these machines are not stiff. The last time I played at Barley's, Lady Luck struck and I won $100s. That is about the equivalent of 50 Happy Hour Barley drafts. So, sometimes Barley's has the power to elevate a 1 star day to a 5 star day.\n\n  Currently,  Barley's Happy Hour is Monday through Friday at the hours of 4 to 7. $2 drafts are the stars of Happy Hour. The Station Preferred card is the star of Barley's. If your gambling, the drinks are on the house.\n\n  Barley's is more than a casino, bar, and microbrewery. It is also a restaurant. In recent times I dined there once. To put it nicely their beer is better tasting and a better value than their BLT. A glance away from the restaurant is the brick oven pizza. Although I never tried it, the scent from the brick oven adds a nice scent over the bar.\n\n  When you visit Barley's you will come out a winner. That's unless you drink and drive. If the Red Rocks and Blue Diamonds are so good that you've had way too many, there are a few nearby sobering up opportunities. Nextstore is the Galaxy Theaters. Nearby are some decent restaurants including Olive Garden. There is a Smith's. And the CAT bus travels along Sunset Road to Town Square and the Galleria.