This is my first review and I'm only writing one because  the food was so terrible I feel compelled to share my experience with everyone. Seriously we don't understand how this restaurant has 4 stars.\n\nWe ordered the ebi shooter which everyone raved about, the rock shrimp tuna roll, lobster and shrimp dumplings and the albacore truffle roll. Ebi shooter did not live up to expectations. I don't understand how it's $14 when they simply put together a piece of shrimp, avocado, mango and tempura bits wrapped in soy paper. Nothing special. \n\nThe dumplings were a joke. Essentially 2 har gows for $8 dollars but worst part is that har gows are even tastier at a Shanghai 360 at the mall food court or a mediocre Chinese restaurant. Biggest rip off. \n\nNow onto the rolls which was the ultimate failure and disappointment. This was probably one of the worst rolls I've ever eaten and I am a huge fan of maki rolls. The rice was COMPLETE mush. You can't even see the separate grains of rice. The rock shrimp roll was slightly better only because the rock shrimp was bigger than the roll itself and its taste overpowered the pathetic tuna wrapped in my half rice porridge. But the albacore truffle was just a disaster. I swear the quality is worse than all you can eat maki rolls. Even Loblaws sushi is probably better. At least they can make some decent rice.\n\nI'd like to stress that I am more than willing to spend money on food. Even if it is small portions, it is not of concern as long as the quality is up to par and can justify the price. In this case, it did not. Even the presentation was very amateur. The complimentary yam chips or whatever was probably the yummiest thing we had there.\n\nAside from that, service wasn't an issue. They were very accommodating and apologetic when we made a complaint about the rolls. They remade it but the rice was still just as terrible. Just by looking at it, I didn't even want to try it. Took one bite and got my confirmation. We asked them to take it back, manager came out and they were kind enough to take it off our bill which we did appreciate.\n\nBottom line is that this place needs to get a new chef, change the menu or reposition itself somehow. Looking trendy and posh isn't going to cut it anymore when the sushi scene has become so big and competitive in Toronto. With players like Ki, Yuzu no Hana, JaBistro and Kasa Moto just to name a few, I can't see Blowfish surviving for very long. One thing for sure is that I won't be back. Ever.