SCORPION INFESTATION! BEWARE! However, that wasn't the start of my issues with this cheaply made apartment. First, the noise complaints between myself and my neighbor upstairs. At a certain point, I think we both realized that the issue wasn't us making a lot of noise, but the apartments are crap! I shouldn't hear my neighbor flushing the toilet or opening his dishwasher or talking on the phone or hearing him make any and every moment in his apartment. The walls are too thin and everything is cheaply made which is why they try to sell you the 50inch TV they provide to you. However, with the rent being so high, you're better off buying your own TV especially since you can't take the TV they provide with you, even though you technically paid for it in your rent.\n\nIn November, I started noticing scorpions in my apartment. I notified the front office every time I saw one. They would call their exterminators to fix the problem, but they kept coming into my house and they were not dead. They were very active so clearly the stuff the exterminators used didn't work. I asked several times to be moved because this is a health hazard, Jennifer the Office Manager told me the only thing she could do was offer an upstairs unit or I would have to pay to break my lease. I explained to her that I can't have an upstairs unit due to a recent surgery I had and she stated there was nothing else she could do. The last straw...I found a scorpion on my dogs play pen! Right by the entry way. My dogs could've been stung! I called them immediately (again) and said this was a health hazard and unacceptable. I contacted corporate as well and told them I wanted out of my lease! Corporate contacted Jennifer and granted my request so of course this time she couldn't give me the take it or leave it response, \n\nHowever, knowing how Jennifer is, I knew there was some way she would try to screw me over even more in the end. When I moved out of my apartment, I was told that only a 50 dollar charge would be taken out of my apartment to clean the carpet. Now I found that to still be unfair considering that I had to leave due to scorpions, and they should change the carpet anytime someone moves regardless. But, I said fine, I can at least get 200 of my deposit back. I receive my check and see they took 75 dollars out of my deposit. They claim carpet cleaning normally cost 150 dollars but as a courtesy they only charged me 75! BS! One, why wasn't this amount mentioned to me before? Also, 150 dollars for a carpet cleaning in a one bedroom apartment that I didn't live in for a year! That carpet did not have major stains. Inland\/The Wyatt stay away from them. The front office needs new manager they are a rip off especially when you have to deal with a cheaply made apartment that has bark scorpions running around!