I would love to give Steve Wynn an Internet ^5. However based on my experience dining in the Buffet at the Wynn, I will utilize this review for some constructive criticism with a few kudos. A combination that will accumulate in a 3 star review.\n\n  The Buffet at the Wynn is a dining area of elegant surroundings. I had the experience of dining in an indoor garden. It was an experience made better with seeing the sun as it shined through a glass ceiling. It was an experience supported through a $25 daily lunch price.\n\n  With so much investment in a luxurious interior, why was there so little in training? The service was mediocre at best. After the friendly hostess seated us, we kept waiting and waiting for a server. Finally we had to ask the hostess to send a server to our tsble. Why? In the Mirage, the very hotel that Steve Wynn created, on the spot the Cravings Buffet server asked what we wanted to drink. Ditto for economy buffets that include the Fiesta. Just like miso soup at the Wynn, the service was relatively nonexistent. It seemed that our friendly server was more interested in chatting with another server than taking care of our table. During desert, I had to walk up to him to kindly ask him for more coffee.\n\n  And the coffee is another area that constructive criticism hopefully could improve. When people are paying good money for a buffet, they appreciate when the server pours fresh coffee into their cup instead of a pot of coffee that had hot temperature challenges. To get to the chase the coffee fell short of the hot temperature and taste that I expected.\n\n  Further constructive criticism of the Buffet at the Wynn is numerous food stations with so few choices. The stations themselves are commendable.  They are Shell fish, chilled sea food, Asian, The Grill, American, Italian, Pizza, Seafood, Salad, and Specialties. But the selection is lacking. The most obvious example is the soup selection. There were only like three soups in the whole buffet. To my eyes it wasn't quantity over quality. The chicken noodle soup appeared to be mostly chicken and barely noodles. Where were the mushrooms in the Vegan Cream of Mushroom soup? Where were the soups that the people love? I would have appreciated if I could of chowed down miso soup, won ton soup, hot & sour soup, or egg drop soup. I was disappointed that I could find the standard buffet offerings like salmon but no shrimp or scallops. I could go on and on. But I want to address the point that each station had only a few choices, the antithesis of the Rio Buffet and when you get down to it a Feast Buffet. And my taste buds found little difference between the egg plant parmesan here and at the Orlean's Buffet. The small selection extended to the ice cream selection. I do not recall seeing gelato. I am sure that the common flavor of strawberry was nonexistent. And the scoop of the delicious capucinno ice cream was remarkably small at the same time of being a scoop short of the ice cream served at the majority of buffets.\n\n   I give kudos to some of the live stations. The Kalhi marinated steak was delicious. And I also thought highly of the shrimp and pork dumpling with garlic sauce.\n\n  The deal is that I work very hard for my money. Put it this way, I am not one of those guys that is going to drive out of the Wynn Ferrari dealership in a new Ferrari. But, sometimes constructive criticism goes a longer ways than the wheels of a Ferrari from a Wynn show room. With that said, in the near future I intend patronize what I consider better buffets on the Las Vegas Strip. Regardless I still give Steve Wynn an Internet ^5.