I came here for a girls night last Thursday with a few friends. We had some wine and food out on the back patio. Unfortunately we arrived too late for Happy Hour.  The $5 a glass is a great deal even though the choices are limited. The even better deal is the free bruschetta board if you order a bottle; we definitely would have taken advantage of that if we had been there an hour earlier.  We were lucky enough to get to listen to the wonderful music of Sarah Vanell who was performing there that evening.  I thought I recognized her voice from Vincitorio's and so I googled it when I got home and sure enough it's the same girl.  She sort of sounds like Jewel but she sings a wide range of songs and puts her own stamp on the covers.  Just an awesome performer.\n\nThe bruschetta choices on the menu are pretty much the exact same descriptions as the offerings at Postino but after sampling them I can say that they are not quite the same caliber. The warm brie was good but not as impressive as I thought it would be.  I agree with April Q. that they are pretty skimpy with the bread which is surprising since it is just plain pita and didn't even taste like it was baked there. We also got a veggie flatbread which was a favorite of the girls who had been there before.  That was pretty tasty and I highly recommend it.  The dinner menu was short but there were a few entrees on there that I would like to try in the future.\n\nThe other girls shared a couple of bottles of Pinot Grigio that were very reasonable priced.  I, the lone red drinker, had a couple glasses of a really nice GSM blend that I can't remember the name of (their wine list on the website must not be up to date since I don't see it there either).  Our server was absent for a while in the beginning but made it up by being very friendly and attentive the rest of the time we were there.  The main attraction of this place is their patio.  It was really nice sitting out there by the fire pit.  There are trees and lights, and you can choose to either sit at a table and chairs or comfy couches.  I love the fact that you can see the City Hall building, too; it looks so cool at night.  The only thing that took away from the pleasant, relaxing atmosphere was the fact that there were a lot of smokers out there.  I had to take away a star for that.