On September 1st I was rear ended on the highway while in Oakville on my way to work.  I ended up deciding to take my car to Royal Auto instead of the preferred place my insurance company recommended.  \n\nBeing that is was a long weekend I get that my car probably wouldn't be looked at right away.  I get that.  I also get that between my insurance sending an appraiser and the entire process that it was going to take a while.  I ended up getting my car back on September 30th, the last day of the month.  \n\nWhile the car looks great, cleaned and seemingly detailed I'm not really not complaining on how long it took.  I get it that there's a lot of red tape and that waiting for parts can take a while and I'd rather have the car done right than be a rush job with things not being back the way it was before the accident.  \n\nThere's a saying I sort of live by.  I has to do with good, fast and cheap.  It goes like this:  \n\nIf it is Good and Cheap, it will not be Fast\nIf it is Good and Fast, it will not be Cheap\nIf it is Fast and Cheap, it will not be Good\n\nThis place if I had to pick one falls into the first category.  I wasn't paying for the repair as it was my insurance taking care of everything.  I only found out how much the damage was through my insurance.  Basically I had little to no interaction with Royal except for me signing a work order and calling to confirm that my car was in fact ready when I found out it was ready.  I didn't find out it was ready the way I'd like but hey it's also on my insurance as well I suppose.  It ended up my car rental company had called me to tell me my rental has been ended and that I'd have to bring the car back in less than 4 hours (I was told at about 1pm and the rental agency closed at 5pm).  Royal closed at 6pm on Friday.\n\nThat's kind of short notice seeing as I'd have to make arrangements for a ride to get my car after dropping off the rental.  I had to confirm with my insurance why they'd end the rental and they had to check to see if my car was in fact ready or not... miscommunication or lack of but my car was in fact ready for pickup from Royal.\n\nI had hoped that Royal called me to keep me updated.  It seems they only dealt with my insurance and they hardly communicated with me but they did but not as much as I had hoped.  Because of this between Royal and my insurance company that's why I ended up finding out on the day of that my car was ready to pick up and that it had to be that day because my rental wasn't extended.\n\nSo the good news is that car was ready, looked great and appears to be in full working order void of any original damage that happened from the first day of the month.  \n\nI did however visit Royal on the Friday after the accident (on the 2nd) to get my garage door opener and in looking for my car on their lot it was easy to see how many cars they actual work on or have the capability of working on at once.  This place goes through a lot of repairs understandingly since it's their business.  \n\nThe shop itself looked immaculate and the place seemed very busy and judging by how well my car looked after getting it back they do pay attention to detail.  \n\nWhile I would have preferred to not have to business with Royal (not get into an accident).  I am satisfied with the work they've done even though it seemed to take about a whole month for turn around it's not because they didn't have enough to do but rather they had to wait for parts as well as for the entire insurance side to approve as well.  \n\nIn the end the work is great.  They only use original parts and I received a full guarantee for all work performed.  That's important in the end but they could improve their service with adding a little more communication and updates with the customer and not necessarily only or more with the insurance companies seeing as how we the customers chose to take our cars here for repair.  In my case I went with them over the preferred recommendation from my insurance company.