Having worked in Mesa for a year, I've begun exhausting all my local food options. The search for good eats has forced me into rural and uncharted territory like Apache Junction. \n\nIn my desperation to find something new, I perused the local yelp listings for something, ANYTHING besides burgers and fast food to satiate my craving. My hunger pangs were crippling and I was barely able to scroll through listing after listing after listing of boring burger places and grill-type selections. I almost gave up when, suddenly, an unfamiliar name caught my eye. Papa Kelsey's. Having never heard of anyone in the Kelsey family, much less Papa himself, I decided to peruse the photos and I was not disappointed. \n\nI decided to take advantage of an online coupon for a large, 3-topping pizza for $8.99. I thought, \"Meh. What have I got to lose?\" So I placed my order. \n\nI arrived to the restaurant at exactly 11am where the smell of fresh pizza embraced me with welcoming love. Oh, this was already a promising sign. All over the restaurant were signs and hommages to the All Mighty Pizza. The layout is very open with movable tables all around. Perfect place for a party if need be. \n\nI went up to the counter to pick up my order but decided to add the meat ravioli because when do you ever see MEAT ravioli on a menu? Score. The cashier was super friendly and very accommodating. She seemed a little rushed (I may have spoken too slowly - I don't know) but that didn't take away from her warm presence. \n\nNow.....to the pizza. Oh my goodness. I don't remember what happened after I blacked out but I swear I saw pepperoni unicorns and dancing mushrooms. The crust was so delicious and crispy. The toppings and sauce were perfect. I was so excited that I shared with everyone in my clinic. Not a single person hated it. Not even that hater Amy - and she hates everything. Papa Kelsey's Pizza for the win. \n\nNow even though I give five-stars (well deserved), not everything was amazing. The meat ravioli was a bit of a let down. I actually had to spit out my first bite because the taste of freezer-burn was pretty strong and heavy. Unfortunately, no one else wanted it so I wound up throwing it away. Still, everything else was wonderful and I'll definitely be coming back. Just not for the ravioli. That was offensive.