Tried this place for a second time because we couldn't believe that it could possibly be as bad as it was a month ago. Well it was. I imagine the majority of the 4 and 5 star reviews are friends of the owners and probably got a free meal out of it. We were seated quickly, but we waited 20 minutes to see a server. She was apologetic but said she didn't know we were her table. Huh?? I bartend\/served in Charlotte and that doesnt happen! l also found it odd that there was no beer list (and the server was absolutely clueless about the beer!) like the manager told us the last time that there would be. Oh and apparently he quit recently because of all the \"verbal abuse\", like literally getting screamed at in front of staff and guests, from the owners. After very little investigation, because I was naturally curious (nosey) as to why this place is struggling, several employees from other local establishments have commented that not only did the woman who built the bar (picked all the beer, wine, liquor, worked with vendors, etc.) quit because of a \"hostile work environment\", but so did the head chef and several servers. Someone broke their foot or maybe leg and they were threatened with losing their job if they didnt come in! There would be a law suit if that was me! Then there's the story of the gay-hating\/racist cook that was banned from a restaurant he worked at in Belmont, who now works at Copper. I confirmed that one. Not just a rumour. I was truly looking forward to Copper after watching the process for so many months, but I simply cannot support a business that treats it's employees and guests so poorly. No wonder the service was so bad! The place is like a bad reality tv show! The ONLY reason I even gave this place 2 stars is because of the beer selection and the visual aspect. So much potential. Maybe someone who actually knows how to run a successful business needs to take over that place. Until then, we won't go back. If you decide to check Copper \"Premium\" Pub out, proceed with caution and like the show Hell's Kitchen, don't have high expectations. You may not even get to eat!