Happy to hear a new ice cream shop opened up nearby my house with homemade ice cream?! After seeing their flavor choices on yelp once they opened, I admit I was not really excited to try anything because the flavors all sounded basic, nothing unique. I had no urgency to try this place and I am sucker for homemade ice cream. \n\nI've tried it and I don't get the hype. \n\n4 scoop sampler- salted caramel truffle, chocolate chocoholic, oreo, peanut butter chocolate something. \n\nThe ice cream- soft and creamy but not in a good way. In a way that it will melt within a few minutes. We tried to take it home and we live a mile away. As soon as I got into the car I noticed the flavors melting into one another since all 4 scoops were next to eachother in a small plastic container which had ridges. Not to sound too picky but with ridges it melts into the ridges making it harder to eat. I would prefer a styrofoam cup over the plastic with ridges. Flavors are not memorable. They taste is very sweet, very artificial, and not special in any way to make me return. \n\nService: people mentioned 4 windows. I didn't see that. I saw 2 people working. One was cleaning and one was stressed taking orders. There is this window that slides open. It was awkward because the girl working there asked if I wanted a sample. She held the door open while talking to me and had a hard time holding it and writing it down on her little notepad at the same time. Her awkwardness made me feel like helping her. I find that sliding window annoying because it stops the interaction much like a drive through window. If the ice cream was $1 a scoop I can see it being acceptable. But for $3.50 a scoop I would expect to have a place to sit (although there was a bench or two,one family of 4-5 people took over that area) and to be able to interact more with the person giving me the ice cream. Anyway I wanted two samples. She wrote one down halfway and the other she didn't write down. I never saw someone write a sample down. When she went to get it, she forgot the one she did not write down. I thought that was kind of sad. But she must have been overwhelmed because when she went to give me my ice cream I noticed her entire backside of her arm had blue ice cream smeared over it as it was dried on so it was there for a while. Gross! Take some time to wash your hands people. That's not ok.  \n\nThe sliding window showed even more awkwardness as she was unable to get me spoons and my ice cream without it slamming on her while my ice cream would have been thrown aside if she let the sliding glass door go. I just wanted to get out of there but I noticed she didn't give me napkins nor did I see any outside on the counter. I think napkins are a must for customers to have access to in Vegas summer heat.