You know I was going to give this place 3 stars but the only thing I think of when I think of this pizza place is \"meh\". \n\nBoyfriend took me here last night for our 6-month anniversary of our first date (aww) that happened to be a different Italian place the first time so I guess he's going with a theme :) Unfortunately I was not all that pleased by the food. \n\nWe ordered a large five cheese pizza. Now I know this is supposed to be thin crust pizza, but when they put so much cheese on this thing that it becomes a soggy mess that you literally cannot pick up, that is a problem. I had to use a knife and fork for half of it, and it was actually kind of disgusting as you are literally just swallowing gobs of greasy cheese. The mix of cheeses on there wasn't necessarily appetizing either as one in particular had a really creamy texture that just did not seem to belong. If you're going to do a five cheese pizza, make sure the damn crust can hold what you're putting on it and make it with cheeses that are gooey and stringy, not creamier than warm butter. Ick. Oh, and $19 for a cheese pizza with no toppings? Rip-off.\n\nThe gelato we got for dessert was a different story. I would come here for dessert more than pizza. The presentation was beautiful and the four bites I got (EAT SLOWER, MATT! :D) were delicious. They even brought us a small 5-gelato sampler before we ordered to see what we would like. We got a 2 scoop mix of white chocolate strawberry cheesecake and cookies and cream. Yum! \n\nThis place looks really nice. It's bright, has flat screens along the entire length of the place and they have lots of memorabilia around - old school pizza parlor meets high-tech. The customer service was decent, the gelato was delicious, but the pizza - yikes. Matt loved it, I hated it. If I'm going to spend $19 freakin' dollars on a pizza it better be huge with at least 5 toppings (other than the cheese!) and not fall apart. This place is not somewhere I think I would frequent unless it was for dessert alone.\n\n\nUPDATE: I don't give a shit what Matt says, I'm not coming back here even if he's paying. I'll wait in the car with gelato to-go. New York boy or not, the pizza sucked.