Went here for an event dinner with a set 5 course meal. I was expecting a lot since it is Emeril Lagassi's restaurant.\n\nOverall the food was VERY rich. Dishes you can really enjoy in small quantities. So I was happy to have 5 courses of different flavors. \n\nAppetizers - Mushroom dumplings were actually really really good. Made out of similar wraps they use at chinese restaurants. Other appetizers included shrimp. All I have to say is I've never seen such a big juicy shrimp! man! delicious!\n\nCourse 1 was a \"organic\" salad - nothing special\nCourse 2 was a serving of 2 big ravioli's filled with shredded bbq pork. It was SO sweet. The first bite was good, but I really hesitated in finishing the 2nd ravioli. The entire thing was drenched in teriyaki sauce. I did appreciate the chesse among the beef, it had a bitter kick to the sweetness. I could see a lot of people appreciating the saltiness of the beef with the sweetness of the sauce.. but I was not a fan.\nCourse 3 was Mahi Mahi. It was supposed to be seared, but definately cooked all the way through.  This was my favorite dish of the night. I could tell the work and effort it took to make all the flavors in this dish come together. The fish was on top of a corn puree with tortilla chips. Almost like a gourmet fish\/mexican dish! You really had to taste each individual sauce and component to decipher what it was. But when put together, it worked so well! Fish was DELICIOUSLY cooked!\nCourse 4 - prime rib! Huge portion and i had 2 bites and left the rest of the plate. The meat was on top of mash potatos and asparagus. Most of the prime rib came out medium to rare and made a bunch of us a little queezy. I thought it was delicious, but was too full by this point. \n\nDessert - creme brulee. I was expecting.. crunch on top, light cream in the middle. NO. We got the thickest pudding\/fudge chocolate... I took one bite and left the rest there also. But I did hear that their desserts are excellent here. \n\nOverall, the food was all very different. Semething you definately can't find most places - especially the combination of ingredients!  Felt like all the dishes were well thought out and put together. And of course - the service was excellent!