What an apalling display of customer courtesy, professionalism and disrespect. I have NEVER encountered such poor, careless and rude service anywhere in my life.\n\nI am the maid of honour of the bridal party and the bride to be requested we plan a stagette night here for what sounded like an amazing 90 ' s throwback party. Seeing as many of us were 90s kids we were pumped. \nI contacted their events manager 2 MONTHS in advance to make inquiries about booking space or tables for such an event. I even specified it was for a bachelorette party bc the bride really wanted to live it up for their 90s party. I was told they usually don't reserve space, have guest list or anything like that but after more inquiries and emails, was informed that they would in fact accommodate our group. I tried to reconfirm with them the week before and didn't hear anything back until I tried to contact them again the week of, and was informed that yes everything was a go. Cool right? Wrong. \n\nWe arrive there and when our group of 10 and growing approach the \"security\" to ask about our reservation he tells me he has no idea what I'm talking about, that he never got any word of it and they don't do anything like that. Fair enough, so I explained that I've been communicating with their events manager for 2 months and was told that they would accomodate us somehow, he repeats he heard nothing about it, shrugs his shoulders,  snickers with some sarcastic girl who is obviously using him just for smokes, but whatever he thinks it might lead to more.\n\nSo I do what I never wanted to do and ask him if there is a manager i can talk to clarify this and he tells me \"Well I am security, so I am pretty much who you have to talk to.\" So I reluctantly pull out my phone and show him my emails to and from the events manager so he doesn't think I'm trying to bs my way into this shitty venue. He tells me \"let me see what I can do.\"\n\nMeanwhile,  their patio is empty save for 3 tables of 1 or 2 ppl and no evidence of some massive crowd spilling out onto the sidewalk. There are a handful of ppl they keep waiting in line to give illusion that the place is busy meanwhile they are dead inside.\n\nThey come back and inform us there is a table in the bar portion of the venue - closed off and separate from the \"dance\/club-ish\" area (but no they are not anything like that apparently). Where we sit and try to make do of a crappy start to the bride to be send off. \n\nA few ppl in our group go to the bar for drinks - they are informed that because we are sitting at a table we cannot be served by the bar and need to wait for our server and order only from her. A few late comers join us a few hours later and when asked for their drink orders, are also told very rudely that she prefer they order from her and not the bar.\n\nThe icing on top of the cake, after trooping it out for the bride to be ' s sake at this sad dump, waiting in  an unecessary line and paying unecessary cover... at the end of the night when ordering the bride her last drink...we politely waved at the bartender to let her know we were at the bar to order and not just standing near it or whatever...it's not like we snapped our fingers or pounder the counter or waved our arms like we were flagging down a plane....we just waved our fingers like a little hello...and instead...we're kept waiting for another 15 min longer than seemed necessary and then she rudely informs THE BRIDE TO BE to never wave at a bartender or else we would be served last! For a bartender serving a pretty tiny (no more than 50 easily) and non boisterous crowd...she had alot of attitude for no reason and gall to insult a nice girl on her stagette night...\n\nI don't get it and was sorely insulted. Obviously will never go again...but if you like power tripping bouncers, unecessary lines, rude and entitled staff then this is your place.\n\nOh and the 90s party...was more like 2000s...on an ipod...that didn't know the likes of classic hiphop or rnb tunes...not sure what 90s they lived in.\n\nThere are way better places that will play similar music and better like The Supermarkt. Don't waste your time.\nI am disgusted by how we were treated...most especially the celebrant herself. \n\n#clintons #toronto #bars #clubs #customercourtesy #fail #theannex