This is lengthy, because it's bizarre!  \n\nWhile visiting with a friend we decided to go to the Springs Preserve Cafe for lunch on a nice sunny January day.  It was nice to see there were healthy options on a menu vs everything fried (typical cafe menus)... However, my friend received a bun that clearly had mold on one side of it.  The staff was quick and kind about making another sandwich (without a bun at all this time).  While exiting the manager apologized again.  This wasn't the reason for my star rating, sometimes things get overlooked, even though several people had the option to check it before reaching our table.\n\nHere's why I am giving them a 1 star, and not the previous issue.\nWhile trying to exit, I made a mistake and got on the wrong elevator which took us to the gift shop and not back to the parking area.  So we proceeded to shop.  The cashier noticed that I picked up some hand puppets and mentioned they also have finger puppets.  Once I was almost ready with the items I had I went over to ask where those finger puppets were and she instantly started ringing up my items, then pointed them out near the other register.  I began to look thru them and she came around to monitor me as I was looking... At first I thought she was being helpful... I was eventually wrong.  There was 1 cute bunny finger puppet, and I wanted several for gifts, if they had more.  She looks it up, and says according to inventory, she has many, and were able to locate them.  I pick out 2 more and go back to the register where my purchase began, and she's taken another customer instead of finishing my transaction.  Then takes another customer (the friend I was with), and proceeds with mine. I was guessing the other employee was just in training because she just stood there the entire time.  ****** here's where it starts showing the discrimination for whatever reason******** I gave the woman a visa card which happened to be a gift card, she asked for my drivers license, and I told her it's a gift card but SURE, if you need to see it by all means (i know it's for security purposes, but it's a gift card & there is NO name on it hence \"gift\").  She asked if she could write down my info, and I gladly allowed her to.  We then went to the door marked EXIT, however, it took us to the Preserve, and we didn't want to go there today.  We went back into the gift shop and politely asked how we can get back to parking by elevator since I am unable to use the stairs, and the elevator doors would not open on the other side.  INSTEAD of her telling us to exit, the woman looks at me and says, \"do you have cash?  I just don't feel good about your purchase, because we've had problems before\"..... \"Excuse me?\", as I was slightly confused on why my transaction that was approved (and used the same card upstairs 45 min earlier) was causing an issue of me leaving the establishment.  She proceeds to say that she would rather me pay her again in another form because she was not comfortable with my transaction.  I then told her we can call my bank (issuer of Visa card) and get a detailed approval code if she needed it.  She says NO, but I am making a call..... To whom I do not know, but she starts telling whoever that she has someone there that used a card and she does not feel comfortable with the transaction, and she wants me to give her cash instead, and what should she do?!?!!!!  Seriously!!!   She wanted to detain me after writing down my address, full name and all the info I gave her when I made the purchase 10minutes earlier.  I looked at my friend and told her we need to leave, I'm not going to be treated like this.... And that's when she got livid over the way I was being treated.  I had to ask the other employee for the managers name and phone number because the woman didn't want to give it, and still they wanted us to remain there as if we had committed some crime.  It was quite bizarre the way I was treated, and it was a HUGE disappointment to have had that experience in a place that should be so friendly.  Far from it!!!!