First and foremost, let me just tell you now - this (probably) isn't the droid...I mean, oyster bar that you're looking for.  The famed one with thousands of reviews and wait times that can go on for hours would be \"The Oyster Bar\" inside the Palace Station hotel off The Strip.  This place is \"Oyster Bar\", located inside the Harrah's hotel on The Strip and owners of (only) hundreds of reviews and zero wait times.  Far more convenient, to be sure, but definitely not the one that everyone raves about!\n\nNow, in case you were wondering, no...I didn't end up here because I thought it was somehow related to The Oyster Bar, which I've had bookmarked for the longest time.  Rather, it was purely by chance, as my coworkers chose to come here for a late dinner for our team meal.  Not that I didn't wish they were sister restaurants, as it might have saved me a trip out to Palace Station.  In any case, Oyster Bar's menu is nothing to scoff at either - it's got plenty of interesting things to offer as well!\n\nWith a ton of stuff ranging from the light (oysters, crab cakes, shrimp cocktail, fried calamari, tuna sashimi, lobster bisque, clam chowder, salads) to the heavy (jambalaya, crab legs, lobster tails, fish & chips, lobster tails, cioppino, shellfish boil, pan roasts), there's no shortage of seafood-centric dishes to choose from.  Since I wasn't hungry enough for their larger dishes (and too hungry for their small ones), I opted to go with their LOBSTER ROLL ($28) with Poached Atlantic Lobster Tail tossed in Lemon Aioli and served with Old Bay Seasoned Fries.\n\nAlthough it didn't look all that impressive when it first came out (the bun could've fit more lobster), this wasn't bad.  While it was a little heavy on the aioli, the lobster was actually decently fresh and flavorful.  What's more, I was pleasantly surprised by how the bread wasn't dried out.  As for the fries, they're obviously not the star, but that didn't make them any less disappointing - the Old Bay seasoning was nice, but I wish the fries were crispier.\n\nBeyond the food, Oyster Bar might be worth a visit if only for their drink menu.  Not only do they have a healthy selection of cocktails, beers, and wines to choose from, but their bar is well stocked with liquors and spirits as well!  At the very least, you can enjoy a solid drink or three while you're stopping in for a bite (I only had a beer, but my coworkers seemed to thoroughly enjoy their cocktails\/mixed drinks).\n\nAll in all, based on the one thing I had, I couldn't help but feel slightly underwhelmed when I left.  However, this review could've easily gone differently had I ordered something else (my coworkers' dishes all looked tasty).  In either case, I can't say how this compares to the legend that is The Oyster Bar.  So, until I do, and despite how Oyster Bar has the potential to be pretty good in its own right, you can find me waiting in line at Palace Station the next time I'm in town now that I've had a taste of their competition.