I ate here for a business meeting - I knew it was a nice restaurant but am ashamed to admit I did not know it was a AAA 5-diamond. I was a little taken aback but the decor is so simple so you would never know it when walking it. \n\nWhat you immediately notice is the service and attention to detail. The hand-painted menus, Pima language in your introduction, and courses representing life's journey. They had me at \"would you like a slice of key lime, cucumber, lemon, tangerine, cucumber...for your water?\" ....now that's attention to detail. \n\nThe chef sent out a special amuse bouche of buffalo tartar - I don't remember .I had the heirloom tomato, goat cheese & marscapone tart - it was the size of a muffin tin but I could have eaten a pie plate full. It was a delightful layering of sweet, creamy and tangy and the \"black ice\" was black gold - sprinkled ice crystals of reduced balsamic magic. \n\nAnother special chef treat was a palate cleanser of pomegranate and pepper sorbet served in a small metal bird's nest like dish. I skipped the rest of the journey and went straight for the buffalo tenderloin. I have never had buffalo like this...buttery medium-rare with local flavors of saguaro blossom and cholla buds. \n\nCoffee was served tableside in individual French presses - my favorite. (Maybe I'm not such a country girl after all)  3 hour dinner, too bad I didn't valet park and get the thank you gifts mentioned in other reviews!\n\nMost people probably can't get over the price - it was amusing to see different guests (ages, socioeconomic status, etc.) and their attitudes toward the experience.  All dress seems to be welcome - I had to laugh because there was a couple that totally looked like the Carl's Jr .steak sandwich commercial - she's in a bright blue spandex dress and he's in campshirt  and shorts....Arizona is casual but have some respect. \n\nMy country upbringing and lack of exquisite dining experience was growing uneasy with the constant service, being called Ms. all night long, etc. but I slipped into the luxury quite easily...life is good, exceptional food is bliss and Kai should be a goal for everyone to splurge on.