This is one of those places that I have visited over and over and over again.  It's on the way home from one of my regular gigs, and from the first time I stopped in (because of the outrageous PIG stuff that caught my attention from the road on Route 51) I have been in love with the place.\n\nThe building doesn't look like much.  The dining room doesn't look like much.  The menu doesn't look like much.  But the FOOD is excellent!  They have excellent specials, and everything I have tried on the menu has been well prepared and quite affordable even to those who are on a meager budget.  I have never had a single complaint about the friendly wait staff (it seems like the same people have worked there FOREVER) and I have never had a single complaint about the food, or the bill that I paid at the end of the meal.  I have been there when the place is packed, and I have been there when there were only a few tables being served.  I have also been there when the daily special was completely sold out because we arrived too late.  I have arrived there with just two of us, and I have arrived there with large groups that had to wait for a table.  But I've NEVER had a complaint.  I always walk out feeling satisfied with my meal and with the price I paid.\n\nI'm not saying that Elliott's is the best barbecue that you'll ever eat.  But I will tell you that the variety of sauces is excellent, and that the meats have always been correctly cooked and tender, with generous portion sizes.  I have enjoyed many a chicken wing there too!  They are the WHOLE WINGS, and the dry seasoned ones are just the way I like them, served with a size of whichever sauce you prefer.  I'd have to say that my favorite sauce is the one that they call \"heavyweight,\" and I get it on everything except the wings.  It's a nice, spicy barbecue that doesn't set your mouth on fire, but has enough robustness to make you come back wanting it again.\n\nThe sides are always good.  Excellent cole slaw.  Really good fries.  Good portion sizes.  And beer.  You've got to have beer if you're going to enjoy good barbecue, and although the bar section at Elliott's is tiny, they have beer.  Sometimes they even offer an interesting variety of bottled beers, but the tap selection is the usual stuff, including Yuengling lager, which I happen to like.\n\nThe place is obviously old, but it's clean.  I've been there so many times, but never had a dirty dish or glass.  The restrooms are clean.  I have never been offended by the customers or the staff.  Just friendly neighborhood folk enjoying some good barbecue, and watching a ball game on an old-school TV.\n\nI'm going to be driving by there this Saturday night on the way home, and I think I'll stop again.