Staying at the Excalibur is a straightforward case of you get what you pay for. If you were expecting champagne dreams at cheap screw top wine prices, then you're better off not staying here and paying more to go stay at the Wynn or the Encore or something or you'll be disappointed. But for the rest of us that still want to save money while wanting to stay on the strip, I was very pleasantly surprised. I will admit I was scared of all the negative reviews before I went, and considered almost canceling, especially in light of the whole murder\/suicide thing, but I really enjoyed my stay there.\n\nBasically my gf and I decided to head to Las Vegas for New Years. We really wanted to stay on the strip and the Excalibur was by far the cheapest place for the location. I go to Vegas at least once or twice a year, and I never really need to spend a lot of time in the hotel room, other than to sleep and get ready to go out. If you're the kind of person that spends a lot of time in their room, then yeah, you also probably won't like this place, but if you're like me, it's perfect. The staff  I encountered was always friendly and helpful.\n\n I will say the casino is smokey, maybe a little bit more than average, but every casino in the city is a little smokey, so I didn't think this one was vastly and horribly worse than the others.  Also, the timeshare people never bothered me. I only ever ran into two the whole time I was there, and both times they immediately backed off when we said \" no thank you\". The room was clean, spacious and comfortable, with a cool view of the Luxor and the mountains, and this was even in unrenovated Tower 1. We were having such a good time, we stayed an extra night and I registered for a player's card. \n\nAlso, I booked through Expedia and it very clearly states that they will charge you a resort fee! I can't speak for other booking methods, but where Expedia is concerned it's not like it was some kind of scam cause they mention, I think at least twice, in regular print, that they will charge you.\n\nAll in all, I thought the place was fun and good for the price.