It's been over 10 months since I took a bite out a nice juicy In-N-Out Burger. Just happens to be I am in Phoenix this week and as soon as the plane touched down I was off to In-n-Out Burgers. It totally had nothing to do with a fellow Yelper checkin' in an In-N-Out in California. Nope! Not at all... ;)\n\nIn the world of burger franchises one can argue that success cannot be measured by the billions you have served or the number of locations you have worldwide alone. In-N-Out has been very successful in its own right. Burgers and fries cooked and prepared using fresh ingredients. Efficient, accurate and consistent every time. One look at their menu and you'll see why In-N-Out in my opinion blows any of its competition out of the water. You're not going to find chicken nuggets here or a side salad. No way! Their menu is simple. If you walk in here and you don't like meat, In-N-Out will accommodate you by not adding a patty. If you are into high protein diets, no worries, In-N-Out will be more than happy to serve you a burger minus the bun. You can have those burgers and fries any way you want. You may add as many pattys as you want to your burger or cook your fries crispy. With a menu so simple, people have yet to figure out that you can have your In-N-Out in dozens different ways.\n\nSo how does a Ninja have his in-N-Out burgers? (see attached photo) The ceremonial meal starts by placing the food in a sorta' feng shui for Ninjas. Important to keep the harmony between the Burger, fries and milk shake. Place the Double Double animal style at 3 o'clock, Fries well at 6 o'clock, dipping spread at 9, chocolate milk shake at 11 and a cup of water at 2. Bite into the Double Double and chew it 4 times, grab 3-4 fries, dip fries into dipping sauce, insert in mouth with half chewed burger and wash it down with a chocolate shake. Buurp! \n\nNo need to elaborate on my rating. 4 solid stars for In-N-Out Burger and the only way In-N-Out will get that coveted 5 Ninja stars is if Lynsi Torres decides to marry me and or give me my own In-N-Out franchise. I won't do both...