Worst possible place to visit or live in. The security is absolutely ridiculous. I don't know what kind of residential establishment runs there place like a damn prison. ID this ID for that... You ID people every time if you live here? Everyone knows exactly who I am at the security point. And it shouldn't matter what car I'm in. They see my face when I roll down the window. And I still have to give my ID??? I pay thousands of dollars in rent to be treated like shit by security. No... Can't wait to move away from this place is ridiculous. And no one should want to live in this prison. I pay way too much money to have such shit, disrespectful, be littleled by the security supervisors. Absolutely not. Do your self a real good favor and don't give this property the time of day. I promise you will hate living here. There's nothing great about Loft 5. I promise you that. This property looks nice from the outside. But on the inside its cheaply made. Everything breaks. They tried to make it look expensive to rob you of your money. The oven doesn't work properly. The fridge fell apart. The AC shuts on and off and doesn't work to digital standards. It's honestly junk. This whole place is awful. I feel like I'm constantly calling with maintenance... Drains are always clogged. It's enough stress trying to deal with all the problems in my apartment on the inside. Let alone having to deal with the trouble with security to get into the gate. Even though they know exactly who I am and where I live. (Apartment building and specific suite) I wouldn't be getting in unless I have my ID. Ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous. No other place in LAS VEGAS is like this?? Way nicer places are NOT like this. It's honestly crazy. Don't move here again. It's just terrible all around. And I'm calling the head of management tomorrow about the way I was treated by a security supervisor. You don't talk to people that way. Especially people who pay thousands of dollars to live here. I can't tolerate being treated that way. Something is going to be said to upper management. And this yelp review was well needed!