Some say \"If you can't say something nice don't say anything at all\". So with that in mind I will say that this movie theater successfully played a movie...OH! aaaannnd they serve booze to hopefully get you drunk enough to not notice how terrible the food is.\n\nI guess I can't end my review like that so let me expand.\n\nFrom the moment we arrived at the theater and tried to park I was already not loving it...at least 10 spots were wasted due to fools that felt that they were entitled to 2 parking spaces for their vehicle. This isn't the establishments fault however, merely that of their clientele. Next we walk in and have absolutely no idea where to go or who to show our prepaid tickets to. So we are wandering around trying to find the theater that our movie is in and finally an employee notices us and instead of checking our tickets yelled to us that it was in auditorium #4. Guess we didn't need to pre-purchase our tickets or purchase them at all. \n\nNow on to the food....oh the food. We ordered rosemary and truffle oil popcorn ($9) and yes it came out in a silver metal bowl like when you make popcorn at home. But unlike the popcorn I make at home this had absolutely ZERO flavor. Not a trace of rosemary nor truffle oil let alone any salt whatsoever. It merely tasted like popcorn straight out of the air popper. The word \"styrofoam\" came to mind. The way ordering is set up in this place doesn't really make it easy to let someone know if something is not right. Regardless, it was enough popcorn to equal a small popcorn at any other theater with no flavor at all and they had the nerve to charge $9 for it. Silly. THEN my friend passed down and offered me some pizza. After taking a bite I can see why she was attempting to pawn off an almost entirely whole pizza to the people around her. It was practically inedible. Mediocre dough doused in a bottled bbq sauce, burnt veggies and something only slightly resembling chicken.\n\nLet me put it this way...contrary to the fact that I hadn't eaten all day and was STARVING I wasn't even desperate enough to eat any of the overpriced bland popcorn or the mess this place tried to pass off as pizza. \n\nI just gave 2 stars because the employees weren't jerks and now I know that if I come back here I might not even have to pay the $11 for the movie ticket. I just have to remember to pack my own snacks in my purse next time.