Y E L P !!! My first restaurant comment after lurking the reviews for nearly a  year.\n\nI was up for a late breakfast and really craved something along the lines of a family diner where I could sit at the counter, read my paper, sip my coffee, plan my day and feel comfortable in flip-flops, t-shirt and shorts. My  inbox showed that I had received the Weekly Yelp. A quick search found all of the usual haunts that I ride my bike to in my end of Scottsdale. I had some business in Tempe and narrowed my search to that area. Voila! Harlow's was the first listing. \n\nAs a native, I have seen the various incarnations of this local establishment and heard all the raves, yet I never had the time or I wasn't in the area. Not today! I knew that it was almost always busy and figured since it was just me, a little wait wouldn't hurt.\n\nWhen I arrived, the parking lot was half full. I parked, grabbed my paper and entered into exactly what I expected. Nothing fancy but a very comfortable interior that is inviting. It's roomier than it looks from the outside. Air conditioning was set to cool off anyone coming in from the 105 that had already settled in and was rising. I went to the empty counter and was greeted immediately by one of the many waitresses. She served my coffee and I never opened the menu and asked if I could just tell her what I wanted and she said, \"No problem.\" \n\nThe reviews said that the waitresses were cute and young and hot (true), but that is a disservice to how efficient and productive they are. They were all busy, all moving, all social and most importantly made everyone feel welcome. Even first time, old timers like me.\n\nMy food was fantastic, large portioned and prepared the way that I requested, but everybody has different likes and dislikes so I won't give any more review on food. \n\nHere's the kick-in-the-nuts part of my visit...\n\n...after carefully planning where I was going, getting my paper and heading out to breakfast, I kept feeling that I had forgotten something. Hmmmmm, what could it be? Oh, well, off I go.\n\nStill bothering me in the back of my head as I go to pay at the front register. Money clip left at home! Red-faced and kicking rocks, I approach the hostess and explain my plight, feeling like a two-bit bum without two-bits. Got any dishes you need washed? \n\nThere was a manager (and I'm assuming owner) at the front as well and without skipping a beat, she takes the ticket from my hand and says, \"That's OK. We're open until 2pm. Just come on back when you get your money.\" She was smiling and pleasant and never asked my name or phone or any details. She never hesitated. It's not like I'm a regular and they know where to find me. I offered to leave my cell phone as collateral, but she would not accept. Embarrassed, I went to my truck, determined to return as quickly as possible with my cash. \n\nThen I remembered that I keep a twenty in the truck for emergencies (like this one). Woo Hoo! I went right back in and thanked her for faith in humanity and vowed to return and tell my friends. \n\nIt's rare these days to find that comfortable, small-town trust. We are, after all, the biggest little metropolis in the southwest.\n\nKudos to Harlow's for great food, quick and friendly service, personality  and a personal touch that went a long way with this customer.