Faster than you can say \"a go go,\" China A Go Go will have your food on your table. Maybe I am exaggerating. However, based on my two recent experiences dining in a China Go Go, my food was delivered to my table at a remarkably fast rate. So fast that I now regard China A Go Go in the fast food Chinese food category where the Panda has dominated. \n\n   It was a sunny Sunday afternoon, and I was living the dream hiking on the windy and rolling pathways of the Seven Hills trail system. By the time I returned to my car I had built up an appetite for Chinese food. I cruised along the sinuous and hilly drives of Seven Hills to the Von's anchored shopping center off Eastern and Reunion. This is where Eastern Avenue changes from a linear city of shopping centers into a residential thoroughfare overlooking the Las Vegas valley. This China A Go Go is a familiar storefront. It has been here for years way back when the bakery was an It's A Grind. \n\n   The first thing that is striking when stepping inside this location is its tiny footprint. In comparison it is far smaller than the majority of the China Go Go's. Regardless there are a few tables. \n\n   I had made the daily lunch special when delicious Chinese food is in the same price level as fast food restaurants. Then again I regard China A Go Go as fast food. I handed over $9.32 for the shrimp Chop Suey lunch special with a fountain drink. This included fried rice, soft chow mein noodles, and soup of the day. Prior to February 6, 2011 on the day my Yelp profile was born, the soup of the day has been egg drop soup. \n\n   The egg drop soup served in a styrofoam bowl was decent. When the soup arrived on my table, I decided to take in the soup before checking in on Yelp. But it seemed that faster than I can say  \"a go-go\" my lunch arrived on the table. I appreciate speed of service at the exact time that my mind is questioning why is this food served so fast? In all honesty I don't want to know. The styrofoam box of Chinese food was good. But not GREAT like New York Chinese Restaurant to the east and China Tango Bistro to the south. I felt that there was a sufficient amount of shrimp to compliment the vegetables. The fried rice was likewise good as the filler soft chow mein noodles was. \n\n    In conclusion, China A Go Go is a China A So So in my book. When I am in the Seven Hills area, I will most likely concede future China A Go Go check-ins to New York Chinese Restaurant and other restaurants. Faster than I can say \"A Go go,\" I say \"3 stars.\"