I gave Riazzi's a second chance this evening after a lengthy boycott. I was seeing a play at Gammage and the location made it a convenient choice for pre-theater dinner. My first experience with Riazzi's came as a team lunch about 3 years ago. The food was good, but when the waiter brought each person their check, he brought one of my co-workers two receipts. The co-worker looked them over and told the waiter he charged his card twice. The waiter said let me take care of that, tore one receipt in half and walked away, not fixing the problem. As the group left the restaurant he chased us down in the parking lot and said we didn't leave enough of a tip. I have not been back until tonight.\n\nThe restaurant is noticeable thanks to the large tree in the front yard. That tree as well as many others were decorated with lights for the holiday. Inside the restaurant was very festive and had a nice feel. Using my handy Yelp mobile application, I read some of the reviews and decided to order the Toretellini Riazzi with pesto cream sauce. My friend went with the stuffed eggplant.  \n\nThe salad arrived first and it was an interesting blend. The first thing I noticed was the presence of beets. I have never had a beet, but it was there so I figured I might as well try it. It wasn't as bad as I expected - firmer and tasted like pickled dirt, but it was okay. The house dressing and the pepper made a good combination. \n\nThe entrees came out and my friend looked over her plate. The appearance of the dish was mostly that of the sauce and cheese. She offered a bite and I had to play Jacque Cousteau to actually find the eggplant. While she said it was good, she was not impressed with the swamp of sauce covering the dish and though flavorful, she admitted she would not order it again. The side fettuccini was good.\n\nAs for the tortellini, what can I say? Fabulous! It was very flavorful, huge portions and one of the best things I have had in some time. Unfortunately I was headed to the theater and didn't want the car to smell like pesto all night, so half of it had to go. No time for dessert.\n\nThe waiter was very pleasant, provided ample time to review the menu, answered questions and kept the drinks filled. Service was excellent this time, my dish was incredible and the menu large enough that I am sure my friend could find something more to her liking next time.  And the price - very nice. We both had water, but with both entrees, the included salad and her included side of fettuccini, it was just under $30.  Pretty good for a evening with a nice Italian dinner. I think my first experience with this place was a fluke and based on tonight, I would definitely give it another shot. My next play tickets are in 3 weeks, so I might be back then!