I can't even believe I have to give a star to these crooks. Everything you read is true. I lived with 2 young working professionals, and a graduate student. we moved into a house that had been abandoned for quite some time- the Tim's told us all of their plans to update the property to make it inhabitable. Well, months went by and they did the bare minimum to allow us to move in. We moved in and there were holes in our bedroom windows. HOLES.  when we called to ask if we could get them fixed, one of the Tim's yelled at us- telling us how demanding we were and how dare we ask them to fix the window- they have a LOT OF OTHER PROPERTIES, YOU KNOW! totally making one of the girls cry. Seriously, bro? \n\nBefore we had moved in, we mad e alist of things that needed to be done. They assured us they'd all be complete by move in date. Surprise surprise, prob 2 things\/50 were complete. Moving in was the worst thing we could've done. About a month into living in filth, we noticed that every time we flushed the toilet, it would come out of the bath tub drain. Both t he upstairs and downstairs toilets. As an environmental engineer, I know that this is because the septic tank is full. I'm not an idiot. We called tim and what does he say? \"I TOLD YOU GIRLS NOT TO FLUSH TAMPONS DOWN THE TOILET\" ...we had been living their for less than a month. they told me it was dirt coming out of the tub...DUDE I WORK WITH WASTEWATER I KNOW WHAT RAW SEWAGE LOOKS LIKE. Sure enough, the septic tank had NEVER been emptied. We never got an apology. The rest of our lease was spend with massive trenches in our back yard dug by workers in the middle of the September heat, exposed sewage which ruined trying to spend any time by our pool.\n\ndont get me started on the pool, our rent included the pool. The pool was not filled for 8 months into our lease. Whenever we'd bring this up to them, they'd tell us to move out. We had already spent all of our money moving in, we couldnt possible afford to lose our security deposit. The pool guy that ended up coming once the pool was open, would creepily park his truck , and literally drink beers by our pool while we hid inside of our house. Speaking slander of the Tims to us tenants. It was inappropriate, and out of control.\n\nThey charged us a RIDICULOUS fee when we moved out as well. We didn't even care because we literally didn't ever want to see\/speak to them ever again. Moving out and paying those fees was probably the best feeling in the world.\n\nYou can never feel safe renting with these crooks.\n\nSIDEBAR: The first day we moved in, a random man showed up at the house. He said that he had previously lived in the house and couldn't believe that people were living in it again. He said that he had rented the property from a one-legged gay mexican man who lived on the first floor of the house- never dealt with Tim and Tim. There are two rooms upstairs. He said that his first night their he tried to sleep in one of the rooms, and he woke up to LOUD persistent knocking at the door, which lead to outside in the middle of the night. He woke up and checked, and no one was there. He said he felt a weird presence in that room, and couldn't sleep in the room or go in at dark. He said without a shadow of a doubt, he house was haunted. And he was right. The poor girl who had to live in that room would constant feel scary presences. Very Spooky, and very terrifying.