My 3 strikes against X\/O are SOLELY related to the exceptionally immature level of service. I am not kidding - this was barely to the level I would expect from Applebee's - not a restaurant that brags and prides itself on the FULL experience it offers its customers.\n\nMy husband and I were part of a group of 9 during the last Sunday of Restaurant Week. He and I arrived a little early for our 6:30 reservation, only to find the hostess and host must have crossed wires. A table that was obviously set aside for us had been broken up and a couple had just been seated smack dab in the middle of tables in the main dining room where it looks like they expected to put our group. After a panicked discussion between the male and female at the desk, we were asked to wait at the bar and they scrambled to set us up in what they called a 'private room', where we were taken when the rest of our party arrived. This turned out to be just another dining room on the other side of the bar. A little later they brought in another party - so it was not really a private room. Strike one for being surprised when a group of 9 arrives with a reservation. \n\nOnce seated with the standard menu and 1 copy of the drink\/wine list, our LONE server for a table of 9 introduced himself and I asked for the restaurant week menus. He said he'd bring them right over. He came back about 15 minutes later ... No RW menus, I asked again. 10 more minutes and he came back, again no RW menus. He realized we were still waiting and finally brought them so that we could BEGIN the ordering process. Strike Two for taking 25 minutes to deliver dinner menus and never bringing any more drink menus, even as he tried to take drink orders and we were passing the lone menu back and forth right in front of him.\n\nMy husband had ordered coffee while we waited for the RW menus - then ordered the wine flight with his 3-course RW menu. The first wine came out 10 minutes before his salad arrived, so it was lukewarm by the time the salad course was delivered. The 2nd wine did not arrive before the entree was served. The runners placed the entrees and left the table. When he came back we reminded the sever and he said he would be right back. 15 minutes later he returned with a splash of one variety in one glass and a full pour of a different wine in another - explaining they'd run out of the promised wine. But the splash was the end of that bottle, so he brought it for him to try?! For the desert course and we blatantly asked for that wine to be brought out so we had one wine served at the proper time. Strike 3 for just awful service, stammering explanations and just seeming not to care about the wine service.\n\nThe food was great quality and well prepared. My husband and I agreed we would go back for a special occasion based on the food. We did not want to make a scene and ruin the evening for our group, but, had we been on our own that evening, we would have asked for the manager. If a restaurant cannot hold it's serving staff to the standards they promise, they are showing a complete lack of respect for their customers. \n\nThe failings here were basic things: check your reservation book carefully, deliver ALL of your menus to your diners, and deliver enough menus for the ordering process to be simultaneous (not the result of a single wine\/drink menu passed between 9 people) and deliver the food and beverages as promised. Simple requirements of service performed in, well, Applebee's - everyday.