As a teacher in Central Illinois, it doesn't really get much better than summer! I moved down here for weather like this! This place is on Broadway Avenue, adjacent to the Bunny Tavern (which I think is associated with this place...I mean, they were advertising the Bunny Tavern's Duck Fat Fries on Sunday in the Black Dog Window). I wish Black Dog had outdoor seating like Bunny Tavern, but onto the BBQ!\n\nOne would just assume when dining with a former beauty pageant queen that I would have to practice proper manners and not eat with my hands. I will divulge on this a little later, but keep this in mind!\n\nI arrived about 12:15 and I knew there be a wait......about 15 minutes! It was perfect because my friend Elsie, the aforementioned former beauty queen and fellow PE teacher was across town.\n\nIt was like clockwork! She showed up and we were seated! NICE!\n\nRather than be overwhelmed by all the options of barbecue Nirvana, I did my research via Yelp and Noshfolio. I knew I was getting a combo with 2 sides and two different barbecue sauces.  \n\nI made a fantastic choice with the smoked chicken and the pulled pork! I got some salad and beans, but the highlight of the meal was the chicken FALLING off the bone. Falling, like Fall Out Boy or the season after summer...FALL! Remember when I said that it was falling off the bone? One might ask, \"How do you know if you were eating with a knife and fork?\" I will mention that the chicken came with a thigh that was very difficult to eat with a knife and fork! At this point, Elsie reminded me that she grew up in a family when they had dinner, they sat down and spoke with their mouths full!\n\nI started to eat like a savage caveman who hadn't eaten since the wooly mammoth he killed three weeks ago. Elsie ordered their pulled pork sandwich, famous cornbread, and twice baked potato casserole. She couldn't finish and got a to go box.\n\nI went with the Texas and the Chipotle sauces. I didn't know the difference, and it didn't help when our waiter didn't tell me which was which! I asked and was glad I did because I had them mixed up! I also wanted to buy a medium t shirt to represent Black Dog in Paxton, but to no avail, they only had larges!\n\nI would have given 4.3333333 stars if I could. Assessment is huge as a teacher, but I just can't \"round up\" because of the service! I will be back to try some of their smoked shrimp (Thursdays), fish tacos (Friday), or late night menu! Hopefully the wait staff has some more females working next time I am there! MERCY! Requirement to work on a Wednesday afternoon at Black Dog? Must have crazy facial hair or short curly black hair! See you soon, dog!