There are a few things I like about this hotel. The sheets are high thread count, they attempted to present an adobe-like architecture...but there are too many detractions to get above a 2. \n\nFor example, they are literally pissing away water out of jets over their lounge areas and they have massive fountains of water all around the grounds. They will probably tell you that it's all part of their fire sprinkler system, yada, yada but what gets my goat is the water bottles in the room next to the bed. They are 4 and 6 dollars (depending on size) plus tax and \"gratuities\". I called the front desk to get the hidden price and the 4 dollars is actually a $5.60 tiny water bottle. That's just slimeball sales tactics. Free water bottles at the front desk, free water fountains...and yet if I reach over and grab one sitting by my pillow I'm paying 500% markup? WTF\n\nI also called the front desk and asked if there was a gratuity fee for taking a shower, flushing the toilet, using towels, soap...nope, just the two water bottles by the bed. \n\nOh, and they charge $15\/day for wireless. They're offering you access to a shared line that costs them about $20\/month (I checked) for $15\/day? \n\nThe cell service in the hotel is non-existent. I was unable to make or receive calls or use data plans from my room or the hallways. Only after I exited the grounds could I get a signal. Might be related to the giant fountains and thick concrete architecture...\n\nThe rooms are far too large. I had to take a shuttle to go to the toilet. This would probably be because the white settlers of AZ seem to be obsessed with taking up as much space as possible...but it has a serious side effect. It can literally take you 30 minutes to walk from the front desk through a maze of concrete-bunker-looking hallways with no markings and all painted the same color of baby diarrhea to get to your room. Couple suggestions to the management: 1) instead of just wing A, B, C, D you could be a little more creative and name things after birds or plants or colors. For example the cactus wing could have images of cacti painted on the walls to make it stand out, combined with a color green. Then again this place looks like a bomb shelter so that might be far too radical a change. 2) those tiny little signs with C, B, D numbers are just silly. Grab a stencil and paint on the concrete. It will be larger and less expensive and more interesting to look at. And easier to update...\n\nDid I mention this place looks like a stretched-out diarrhea-colored bomb shelter? Oh, and the doors are automatic from the inside. Dumb. I don't need you to open the doors after I've dropped everything off in my room. I need them to open automatically when I am arriving. Actually, I don't need automatic doors. Just turn them off and let them close faster so the hallways don't have to overcool themselves every time someone walks out. \n\nThe male bartenders were amazingly cool. Anyone who can impress this cranky traveler deserves recognition. They right away admitted\/agreed that the hotel bar is a bunch of sugary sweet fruit nonsense. Seriously, whomever created the menu doesn't understand drinkology. Don't waste my bourbon in a glass full of syrup and saccharins. Prohibition is over. You don't have to hide disgusting bathtub booze anymore. If you have top shelf liquids, then let their flavor be tasted. \n\nI didn't get a chance to interact with the female waitresses because they were too busy fixing their hair and chatting about the drama drama drama of whatever. Hmm, maybe I do know who created the menu.\n\nAnyway, I won't be staying here again. I like efficiency and intelligent design, two things this hotel seriously lacks. I also don't like slimeball sales tactics. But I appreciate that they chose nice material for the bedding. If only they didn't clean it with such harsh chemicals. \n\nOh, and Sodium Laureth Sulfate in the shampoo? If I wanted a harsh industrial detergent to wash my car, I'd go to the car wash. I don't need that poison on my head, thanks.