My family and I dined at El Encanto on Sat. May 12th and had the most horrendous, humiliating and embarrassing experience. This place is labeled as wheelchair accessible but it is clearly not an establishment for anyone who is disabled. I was using my scooter due to pain issues and the greeter who seated us was very nice to take my scooter away so that it was not in the way but after needing to use the facilities a bus boy helped me by taking the scooter away and I appreciated both of their assistance. After returning to the table and getting the scooter situated my family and I were talking and enjoying the view of the water, I was reminiscing on childhood trips to dine at the restaurant when out of nowhere Robin the manager comes yelling at me shaking her finger at me and screaming about how my scooter isn't a toy and that I had no business letting her employees ride my scooter. She also said other things I did not catch because she was just yelling like a crazy woman. All of the other customers were whispering and looking at us so I was embarrassed. As if that wasn't bad enough she continued to yell and make a scene as she walked from one end of the restaurant to the to the other. Then she started to yell at the young man who had helped me in front of everybody. I had just come from a place where I felt so empowered and not so different and in one minute she ruined my mood and my view of the place. Right before she came to our table yelling I was telling my family how much I loved the place and how many fond memories I had and how good I felt after the event we attended. Robin was unprofessional, inconsiderate, racist and a Bitch. I would love to speak to the owners because if she is representing this establishment then they are in big trouble. I felt that I was targeted because of my being disabled and because my family and I were the only Hispanic people there at the time. While Robin was so busy yelling at me there were about ten small children jumping and climbing the rocks near the water with the parents too busy drinking and laughing to pay attention. I believe she should have focused on that issue instead of who was riding my scooter. She wanted me to leave my scooter behind the desk in front but how the hell was I suppose to get to the table without my scooter that is why the two employees helped me by taking it for me. That woman needs a lesson on what it is to be disabled and also a class in how to be professional. She could have come to our table and introduced herself and stated her purpose for even being at our table instead of yelling like a maniac. There was another manager there a guy but he just came to our table like a dog with his tail between his legs not really doing anything to help the situation or to even try to make it better. My mom had to tell him that she didn't think it was right to have to pay for a meal that we couldn't even enjoy but even then he had a hard time saying he would comp it. I was so disgusted I just paid for our stuff so we could get the hell out of there. I hope that Robin is punished for her behavior and I hope the wheelchair accessible label is removed from this establishment because it is far from accepting the disabled as long as Robin is there. If I could give a no star rating I would because it deserves no stars after the way we were treated so I do not recommend this place at all if you are disabled or Hispanic.