I have not been happy with this company.  I found multiple sneaky fees in the first bill and year end bill that were not disclosed in the initial offer.   They're buried in small print in one of the documents you sign.  Kind of opposite of how I put important stuff in my business agreements.  One of the fees were waived off my monthly bill when I challenged it, so check your bills closely and regularly.  The other unexpected fees were not because of the fine print. For example your monthly rate is not fixed, you have to pay for insurance, you have to pay for taxes.  That makes some bills twice as expensive as you planned.  I have complained to the VP John Mack.  First about the fees, he didn't reply to my email and was not very cordial on the phone when I followed up. \n\nThen if you have a problem they will make recommendations that cost money to get someone out there.  I declined after the tech guy got surly with me and blamed my computer for the issue and was not able to provide a work around to the system that they set up???? I called the VP John Mack and asked to cancel the contract since it no longer functioned and no work around was provided. He basically laughed at my suggestion to cancel the contract even though he did not provide a work around.  I called back with a work around I found on google and asked them to implement it.   It was easy and cost me nothing and should have been offered by them!  I also complained about to John Mack on email, he didn't reply.  I called him out on email for not replying and asked for the President's contact info so I could get feedback during the many months of contract I have left, he hasn't replied with that info.  \n\nAfter another crap out today they said they could get me back up running at a rate that would have cost me several hundred dollars in parts and labor and cost me several hours of my time.  I declined and hit google, I called back with a work around I found on google and it works, they did not offer it to me AGAIN!  Am I going to contract John Mack?  Heck no, what's the point!  My contract will be over one day and I will just go with someone else.\n\nSo that's my experience if you sign with them address these points FIRST to determine if they have resolved these issues internally.  If not please consider my experience when deciding to go with them.