On the Sunday of the WWE Pay-per-view Sam's Town Live is WWE Live. This is one of a couple venues in Las Vegas that shows live WWE Pay-per-view events on a large silver screen. I have watched few WWE Pay-per-views at Sam's Town Live. \n\n  On the Sundays that I joined WWE fans at Sam's Town Live, it was a few hours of watching WWE superstars battle it out, partying, and suspending disbelief. \n\n  Whether the event was \"Wrestle Mania,\" \"Summer  Slam, \" or   \"Hell in the Cell\" we saw what the WWE is cooking (the Rock's catch phrase). And whatever wrestling event was cooking, Wrestle Mania took over Sam's Town. Normally the box office opened around 3:30 PM. That was long after a long line of wrestling fans snaked around a curvy cue, past the movie theatre, arcade, and to Dunkin Donuts. If I failed to make it to the hottest WWE scene in Vegas by 1:30 PM, I'd disqualify myself from the event. There was one time that I missed out on a Wrestle Mania because of a crazy long line. \n\n  Whenever, I waited on the line, some of the wrestling fans were the pre-show entertainment. I got the impression that some of them thought that the WWE is real. The way they were talking about the WWE superstars like some people talk over football was entertaining. Then there were the heels in the crowd that would attempt to weasel themselves to the front of the line. \n\n  When I shared the long line with WWE fans I'd hear some people complain that Sam's Town initiated a $5 admission fee plus a Boyd card instead of complimentary entree. I get the impression that some people use the WWE Live for inexpensive entertainment. \n\n  After paying the $5 and getting my hand stamped, I'd enter Sam's Town Live. The first few times that I saw the WWE Pay-per-views here, the seating arrangement was stadium bleachers. A Wrestle Mania later, the new arrangement was long communal tables at floor level. This arrangement encouraged strangers to talk over the WWE while suspending disbelief. In my opinion it was around the perimeter of the event center that mattered. The main event of the perimeter gave the main event on the silver screens a run for the money. It was inexpensive beer and party food. The take-out window bar served $3 draft beer that originally was $2.50. The draft Miller gave a nice boost on suspending the disbelief. Nearby there was a long concession stand selling the party food. My party food of choice is nachos with cheese with some jalapeños and Chilli added on. The price was around $3 for the standard nachos with cheese. In close company to the nachos; the concession stand sold hot dogs, pop corn, and other goodies. \n\n  As the time approached towards lights, camera, action a local dee-jay read off the winning raffle ticket numbers that they gave with the wristband. Speaking of the wristband, it was necessary for reentering the Arena after utilizing the casino restrooms (none in Sam's Town Live). \n\n   When the lights went out, I joined the crowd in jeering for the bad guys, cheering the good guys, and laughing at the WWE jokes. \n\n  Although I am good at suspending disbelief, it was difficult to do this when my original Sam's Town Live! business listing was omitted. After a few Pay-per-views after my original listing, I now have the privilege of sharing my experience of joining the WWE universe at Sam's Town Live.