Stayed here for the first time on 7\/12\/15 while rolling in for just an overnighter.  Upon arrival, we were told we were upgraded to a penthouse as our one bedroom suite was unavailable.  We did find it odd that the \"penthouse\" was on the 25th floor...in a 61 floor hotel.  It also didn't match any of the floor plans that represented penthouses.  Oh well.  It was still better than the room we were booked for.  \n\nAnd it was NICE.  I would live there if I could afford it.  But I would upgrade the furniture, as the couch in the living room is designed for interrogation rooms.  The bed though...oh yes.  I am THE pickiest man on Earth when it comes to beds and my only complaint was \"well, it is a bit too firm.\"  I slept.  I never sleep in Vegas unless it's on the couch.  And if you like the bed, you can actually buy it from them and it's pretty reasonable in cost.\n\nThe bathroom was just amazing.  His and her vanities with separate bath amenities.  Awesome tub.  High-speed toilet with heated seat and bidet functions.  Just fantastic.\n\nThe worst?  The aforementioned couch was a medieval torture device.  The vaunted touch screen control for all the room's curtains, lighting, etc. was ATTACHED at the night stand.  Not exactly the high-tech solution when you're anywhere but on one side of the bed.  Oh, and the television, which controls EVERYTHING, went out for several hours.  Thanks a lot for that.\n\nCustomer service was generally awesome, from the front desk to the housekeeping.  The lounge was a little over-named, as it's just a couple couches and tables thrown in a lobby.  If you want a real concierge lounge try Palazzo.  But they do serve snacks for most of the day and there is water, juice, soda, etc. available pretty much 24 hours.  Ever come back to the room at midnight and wish you had a Coke but don't want to pay three bucks at the all-night store?  Hit the lounge.\n\nMy biggest complaint with the Sky Suites is that you get a private entrance...which is a pain in the behind to get to if you don't come by limo (which is complimentary to and from the airport).  They have a special entrance for that, but if you drive into town like we did and go to the valet, you get to lug your stuff halfway across creation to get to the registration desk.  It would be nice if they had a drive up entrance for Sky Suites...or a shuttle!  Oh, and the buffet is far overpriced for what you get and the casino feels like an afterthought.\n\nWe hit Vegas several times a year and generally, the Four Seasons is our favorite by far, but Aria Sky Suites is a very close second, and in some ways it's actually better.  Four Seasons is quieter and has better (just barely) service, but Sky Suites has much more comfortable beds and that lounge with its drink supply is a Godsend.\n\nIf you don't mind some minor niggles, Aria Sky Suites is a pretty decent place for the price for sure.