Stopped by this evening to attend a Tweetup at this joint.  My friend was hosting the Tweetup and I love Pizza, so why not?  I'm glad I made it!\n\nThere was a special buffet of food setup just for the event.  Salad, Chicken Wings, Baked Ziti, and of course Pizza!  The Pizzas that were available were Pepperoni, Meat Lovers, Chicken & Artichoke, and Cheese.  I ate a slice of every Pizza, a little Salad, about a dozen Wings, and a small portion of Baked Ziti.  I wasn't planning on eating that much...I swear....but the food was sooo good and the owner, Biaggio, came out and insisted that we try everything!  How could I say no?\n\nThe Pizza is NY style thin crust.....and damn it's awesome.  It folds just right and the proportion of Cheese and Sauce is perfect.  The Meat on the Meat Lover's Pizza is something else too....I don't know if I could ever be a Vegetarian.  I suggest eating the Pizza fresh as the slices can get greasy fast...especially with the Meat Lovers.\n\nThe Wings were served plain with the Hot Sauce and Dipping Sauces on the side.  Biaggio told us that the Salad Dressing\/Dipping Sauces are all made from scratch in the kitchen.  The Bleu Cheese dressing was awesome....didn't have any of the others.  The Wings are battered and were cooked just right....not too greasy, which is how I like them.\n\nThe Salad was ok....I didn't have much of it though because I ate so much of everything else.  The Baked Ziti was great too.....the Cheese was gooey and full of flavor.\n\nAfter I was done eating, Biaggo brought out Fried Dough sprinkled with Sugar & Chocolate....I had to have a bite....yum!  Then he brought out a cake for his Son's Birthday....what, more food?!  I took a couple of slices home....I couldn't eat any more.\n\nOverall, the event was fun and the food was plentiful and awesome.\n\nI spied the menu and saw that they serve Breakfast too.....I don't know how I'm going to lose any weight with this place in existence!\n\nWill I return?  Are you kidding me?!  I want to try Breakfast and their Subs, and a bunch of other things on their menu....of course I'll be back!