It has been seven years since I last reviewed this buffet. I gave it two stars then, and we didn't go back, that is, until tonight.\n\nMy husband never met a coupon he didn't like. So, despite the fact that I'm leaving for NJ tomorrow and today was his birthday, he couldn't let that mailed coupon go to waste. He chose this romantic, sterling establishment for his birthday dinner. \n\nWe got there a little after 8 pm, so it was mostly empty. A foursome next to us were fine, but the other two tables were filled with a crying baby at one, and the other with a toddler who never stopped shrieking, crying, and yelling the whole time. No matter how many times we gave them pointed looks and even made comments, they never removed the kid for a time-out. Some parents have no consideration for others.\n\nAh, but how was the food, you may be asking? Don't ask. Dreadful. There are only three stations plus a salad bar. The only thing at the salad bar that looked remotely come-hither was a dish of sunflower seeds. Because how can you ruin sunflower seeds?\n\nThe rest of the food looked unappetizing, dried out, and just plain boring. First, the good: I never eat pizza at a buffet, but it won by default; the veggie pizza was pretty tasty. A slice of grilled pineapple was also okay. Nearly everything else was inedible: a Chow Fun had a few tender pieces of beef, but the noodles were a gummy mess. Spicy eggplant was swimming in oil. A bite of dried-out sole was unbearably salty, and a warmed quinoa salad could have benefited from less of that condiment, too.\n\nThe dessert selections weren't overabundant, but there was enough. Notably good was a cherry tartlet, but a mini creme brulee was not. The real cherry on top was the lovely conversation we had with the foursome next to us as we were all leaving at the same time. Originally from Armenia, the older gentleman gave us a mini-lesson in Armenian history, and his wife showed us samples of Armenian script. As a language buff, this was much more enjoyable than the sorry dinner. And as an eternal optimist, I believe that every cloud has a silver lining.