Wok of Fame: The champagne of westernized Chinese buffets. Since I only gave it 3 stars, you can probably guess that these buffets are not my thing. It's always another person's plan, such as a family birthday, which brings me to these.\n\nThe good: Um, it beats the Mandarin in about every way. They have less standard 'Chinese food' dishes than the Mandarin (where's the lemon chicken?), but their edge is preparing various fresh dishes or meats. As their name suggests, you can have a make-your-own wok, fresh grilled steak, salmon, oysters and a couple other things. Also, they have quite a bit of sushi being constantly prepared and served fresh. It's actually pretty good and miles ahead of what the Mandarin puts out. Lots of ice cream choices and pretty big dessert bar.\n\nThe average and below average: First, the service. One thing I'll give the Mandarin is good service. Today, they lost our reservation, even though we made it clear as possible the day beforehand (even spelling the name letter by letter). Your table is visited less frequently and you often have old plates and napkins on your table for sometime. The food itself is generally average, with perhaps a couple things reaching a '4'. There isn't a single bite that gives you any 'wow' factor. It's basically your gluttonous impulses exciting you with so many food options, but upon reflection, little really stands out. That said, they don't put out much poor food either to their credit. Soft drinks and water bottles are included which adds a bit of value too.\n\nI like the ambiance over the Mandarin. Nice decor, and warmer more relaxing colours. One possible downside is that it's completely open, so you may get more noise than some other places. It's also funny that the bathroom area moves to a Greco-Roman tile art motif, which has little to do with the attempted Asian feel of the rest of the place. I doubt anyone else cares however.\n\nSo if 'Chinese' buffets are your thing, give these guys a try. If a group suggests going to the Mandarin, try and persuade them to come here at least.