I came to Blonde because I followed my hair stylist here. \n\nAfter my first appointment, I'm so excited that my stylist is here! It's such a pleasant and relaxing environment to come to! I am one of those girls who loves getting pampered and all that jazz. I adore getting my hair done and will arrange my budgeting to allow me to get my hair did every couple months. #treatyoself\n\nI just had my appointment last week and it was such a great experience. Yes, I'm biased to an extent because I already have a relationship with my stylist, Sam. Honestly though, it was a great experience. Everyone is super friendly and professional. You can tell that the owner, Stacy and the rest of her team love their work and enjoy the company of one another. They are all hardworking and talented individuals who support one another. Coming from a background with some exposure in the beauty industry, I know how hard it is to harvest and cultivate a positive work environment. \n\nAside from everyone being wonderful, this salon really goes above and beyond in guest care and managing\/meeting customer expectations and their experience. Complimentary tea\/coffee\/snacks to keep everyone happy paired with glossy, guilty-pleasure magazines to indulge in. As well as a consultation prior to any service to really understand what the customer wants and educating them on how to achieve that and establishing great transparency and trust with both the stylist and the salon as a business.\n\nThey do specialize in blonde colour treatments. But do not let that steer you away, they do it all. On top of that, they do it well. I'm also super impressed with the product selection. Blonde obviously aims to cater to anyone and everyone and really take advantage by providing plenty of choice in product to make sure everyone can get the right product and tools for themselves. \n\nAs some of the other reviews have mentioned as well, I'm super excited for my next appointment. Why? Because I know it was a be a great, relaxing experience coupled with great results and leaving feeling anew with beautiful locks! \n\nBlonde knows their business and cares about their customers. What a gem of a place!\n\nSeriously though... everyone's hair here is amazing both stylists and customers alike. So. Much. Pretty.