For today's lunch, I decided I needed some soup and a sandwich.  And since there is some conspiracy for Panera's to have terrible parking and difficult busy-corner access, McAlister's was going to have to do the job.\n\nWhile waiting in line behind the SouthPark ladies who were lunching, their preacher cut right in front of me (\"Ohhhh, there's my favorite preacher\").  I assumed once we got to order, being a gentleman and a man of God, he would tell me to go ahead and order since I had been standing behind the meemaws for about 7 minutes by then.  Wrong.  That is not what Jesus would have done.  Whatever.  They only had one person on the register for a bit, so the line took longer than usual.  I like that they have the Choose 2 where you can get a cup of soup and either half of a sandwich, half of a spud or a small salad, but I was hungry after having a small breakfast, so went with a full sandwich with a cup of soup.\n\nThe sandwich:  Chicken salad on a croissant.  Croissant was soft, chicken salad was very good, but sparse (chicken, mayo, nuts and I believe dried cranberries).  Was quite tasty, but needed more to fill the croissant.  Served with a pickle, which are typically good, but I was not feeling pickley today.  \nThe soup:  Broccoli cheddar.  Tasty.   Boiling hot, which is infinitely better than stone cold.  A soup spoon would have been nice rather than a regular spoon, but that is a matter of preference and not a requirement.  A thinner version than most of the broccoli cheese soups out there, but was still well flavored and hit the spot.\nThe beverage:  Half and half tea.  McAlister's has awesome tea, which I always get and usually get a refill on the way out, but the tea today was not good.  I barely drank half.  \nDessert:  No dessert because they had no cookies.  Seriously.  \n\nThere is parking directly in front of McAlister's, but it is typically full, so you're going to need to park farther out in the lot.  Pay attention when crossing the lot, as the driveway to enter is right where you are going to need to walk and folks come flying through there. Tuesday night (I think), kids eat free, so use that information as either a warning or a helpful hint.