Being a native New Englander from a fishing family with a birthday coinciding on Monday, I had a tremendous craving for a Maine lobster. Off I went and entered Red Lobster at around 8 PM Saturday. The place was a graveyard. \n\nI was seated immediately and asked if I was ready to order. I told the server I'd like a moment to peruse the menu but I really wanted a Maine lobster. Laughing, the server pointed to the empty lobster tank. How does a restaurant run out of it's signature product on a weekend? He told me he'd bring me some biscuits and left.\n\nWhen the server returned,  I ordered the stuffed mushrooms, the lobster bisque and the Bar Harbor Lobster Bake. I was not asked if I wanted to order drinks or dessert. The server promised biscuits again, and left.\n\nThe server returned with, alas, without the biscuits, but the stuffed mushroom appetizer. The server cautioned me the dish was extremely hot, He promised to bring me biscuits again, and left. I gave the food some time to cool and let the flavors settle. The appetizer was quite delightful. However, I apparently waited to long.\n\nThe remaining courses began to arrive in rapid succession, literally piling up on the table. I was flummoxed as the was restaurant was nearly empty. I was promised biscuits each time the server came, but alas! Those biscuits and I had paths that were apparently never meant to cross.\n\nThe other problem that was nearly comical is that by the time I got to each dish in succession, it had cooled to the point of dissatisfaction. The lobster bisque had congealed. The main course should have been called the Bar Harbor Linguine Cover with a dash of Seafood. A smaller portion of pasta would have better allowed one to savor the flavors of the seafood and the accompanying sauces. \n\nIncidentally, the food presentation reminded me of something you would see in a hospital., The main course was covered in a plastic container and made me feel like I was in an assisted living facility.\n\nAt the end, the server came back with a check (about 45 dollars), and asked me if I would like to take some biscuits on takeaway. Anyone who has eaten a cold biscuit probably can guess why I refused this offer. And who knows, perhaps I'd still be sitting there, waiting...\n\nI can see that many people enjoy this place. I heartily recommend spending one's money elsewhere. The salesmanship, service, food preparation, and quality leave much to be desired. I think had it been busy it may explain why they bring the food so quickly. One may not notice.