Worst service and food I have ever had in my entire life !!!\n\nI heard a lot of great things about their Ontario locations so I was super excited to try Sugar Marmalade. We arrived on a Wednesday night around 8:30pm. The place was quite busy but we only waited for about 5 minutes to get a table. Once we were seated, one of the waitresses handed us the menu right away. \n\nWe ordered popcorn chicken, minced pork dish , a mango bubble tea, condensed milk toast and the matcha panna cotta. A minute later, one of the staffs came over to us and mentioned that the condensed milk toast is sold out for the night. OKAY?!  Uhm y'all just opened a couple of weeks ago, you don't close until 10pm. How the hell are you running out of food already?! Anyways, moving on.... the popcorn chicken and the minced pork dish arrived. Worst popcorn chicken I have ever had, some of the popcorn chicken they served me were not fully cooked!!! The minced pork dish was even worse, lack of flavour, dry, and it tasted old. So at this point, I was just waiting for the bubble tea and the panna cotta, hoping it will change my perspective about this place, maybe they're just having a bad day or they're understaffed or whatever. So one of the ladies came with a panna cotta that I did NOT order. She gave me black sesame instead of matcha and I told her it wasn't what I ordered and she tried to tell me that it was what I ordered. UHM WTF at this point I just wanted to leave but I really wanted the desserts. So another lady came over and told me that the matcha panna cotta is sold out as well. AAAAAAAAAAAHHHH ! So I ended up ordering the mocha hazelnut pannacotta . She then told me that it is usually topped with vanilla ice cream but they didn't have any left either so I ended up getting green tea ice cream instead. The mango bubble tea was nothing special, I'd rather just go to chatime. The mocha hazelnut panna cotta was terrible, i will choose to wait and line up outside of kazu in the middle of a snowstorm any day for their overpriced panna cotta. \n\nI was tired, disappointed, annoyed, irritated and disgusted. I told one of the staffs that the popcorn chicken was uncooked and she said sorry and giggled and still charged us for the full price!! \n\nTo conclude this rant, visiting this place was a waste of time and money for us. The food was more than terrible, it made me sick and the service was unacceptable. I wish I can give this place negative stars.