The movie, \"Casino\", is an appropriate metaphorical-type explanation for The Flamingo Hotel. Without giving away the entirety of this movie older than some of you reading this, you have a story set in Vegas about...wait for it...casinos. A mobster casino tycoon essentially starts to become a dinosaur and starts to lose his, uh, \"purpose\". \n\nThe Flamingo Hotel and Casino is a dinosaur that's lost its purpose. \n\nCheck in time is 4...however you can check in early for a minor fee of $30 at 12pm and $25 at 2pm. You will find yourself in a monster line that moves moderately but is still daunting and the last thing you want to see after traveling whether coming from near or far. Self check-in kiosks are great...unless you are coming for a conference and don't have access to the company credit card. \n\nWhen I check in, I am talking to a friendly employee and he is telling me about where the pool is, how to connect to the wi-fi and, out of the blue, says, \"Snoop Dogg will be here on Tuesday with Dr. Dre!\" This was after I'd told him that I was staying there for a computer information systems conference. \n\n\"Oh, ok.\" \n\nThey have a \"free\" baggage check that brings your bags to your room after you check in so you don't have to carry your stuff around with you (normal for a hotel) and after my work colleague described the awkwardness of having to tip before her bags were relinquished, I headed to my room...and thought I was going to turn on a light...and discovered I had to walk to the lamps and there were no overhead room lights to speak of. \nEven with all three lamps turned on, the mood lighting that pervaded the room was fit more for a honeymooning couple than an individual who had to get some work done. \n\n*side note...WHY on earth are hotels still charging for wi-fi? They have a daily $34 resort fee that includes wi-fi and use of the gym, 14.99 for some a la carte daily wi-fi. WHY ARE YOU CHARGING FOR WI-FI? Also, the phone coverage is horrible regardless of what carrier you have and I don't know if that is by design or what.\n\nI go to the bathroom and immediately notice the rust. Rust everywhere. Rust on the shelf above the toilet, rust on the emergency fire sprinkler, rust on the showerhead. Also, when I came out I saw what looked like old grease spots in kitchen ON THE CEILING. How? The door paint was chipped; the shower tile stained. \n\nThen, the water. I turn on the water faucet to wash my hands and the smell of chlorine smacked me in the nose. Smacked and lingered. Smacked and lingered every time I turned the faucet on throughout my 5-day stay. Meanwhile, when I got in the shower later, the water pressure was on the Civil Rights firehose setting and I had to spend the majority of the shower time getting my lather on in a small corner of the bath hoping to overcome. \n\nThe walls are paper thin. I was in a room that had the connecting door that I didn't know still existed. Like, look, even if I travel with a bunch of people I know, there is a reason that we have separate hotel rooms. If I need to talk to them, that's what my $14.99 wi-fi is for. I could hear the people next door so closely that whenever they opened their door, I thought it was housekeeping coming into my room despite the \"Do Not Disturb\" sign in the key slot. \n\nFolks all of this was the first night and continued throughout the stay. \n\nI go downstairs the next morning for the conference and it began a week-long journey of runny eggs, random breads, fruit, and maybe bacon, maybe sausage, maybe nothing for breakfast. But breakfast wasn't the problem: it was lunch. \n\nWe break for lunch and head to a gigantic conference room and are greeted with carrot cake, saucy chicken breast and rice with some...maybe zucchini? Green peppers? I don't know. \n\nI am not expecting top notch fare as it's hotel conference food. This was not catered from Center Cut Steakhouse downstairs. It was edible and got the job done but I got concerned as I got closer to the bone and it was incredibly read inside the chicken. My colleague has some pinkish chicken so she stopped midway through; I did not eat the red bone pieces...\n\n...should have had none of it. Without going into detail, I enjoyed a rustic view for the remainder of the night. The next night, the work colleague I came with suffered the same fate and only had half the Tuesday chicken. We did not have lunch there the rest of the week...we opted for the overpriced fare in the food court from Johnny Rockets or Pan Asia.\n\nThe best part about this place, however, is the staff. Every interaction I had with a staff member was pleasant. They were genuinely friendly and willing to help where they could. Last thing...they have pictures of nostalgia of the old Flamingo everywhere. They should not. We don't have any pictures of the dinosaurs and have gotten along just fine.