I threw my nephew his 5th birthday party at Chuck E. Cheese.  He had an absolute blast and we wound up there for two hours after the party ended because he and some of his friends were having such a good time.\n\nThe process to book a party on their website is extremely simple and I received a 120 token bonus for booking online.  I was pleasantly surprised that they only charged me a $50 deposit instead of charging me for the full cost of my party.  \n\nThe party package I picked came with plastic cups with curly straws for the kids and paper cups for the adults.  I would recommend bringing labels and a Sharpie to mark the cups because we had a difficult time keeping track of whose cup was whose and our hostess was unable to help.  We actually didn't see much of her throughout the event, but she was pleasant when she did come over.  She was subtle to mention that tips were appreciated, but I was irritated that you cannot add the tip to your credit card when you pay, you have to give it to the hostess in cash, so keep that in mind.  \n\nI'm glad we chose to bring our cake (the only outside food allowed) because their cakes were pretty dinky looking.  The pizza was edible, but unmemorable, the veggie tray overpriced, but tasted fresh, and the cheesy bread was terrible.  Food took forever to come out and even though I spoke with the manager about one of our guests having a severe allergy to corn prior to the event (there is corn starch in all their bread and breaded products (pizza, wings, etc.), we had an issue ordering the special items we had discussed.   \n\nThe big disappointment of the day was that there were so many broken games.  Only one of the skeeball machines worked.  The balls were deflated on the football toss game.  There was no mallet on Whack a Mole. Those were some the games you didn't know sucked until you wasted your tokens, many other games just had Out of Order signs posted on them.  The games are the main reason to go to Chuck E. Cheese, so this was a bit frustrating.  Even with all the broken games, the kids starting with 80 tokens each, plus the 120 bonus, we still spent about an additional $100 in tokens.   \n\nAnother issue was that there was no soap or paper towels in the ladies room.  When I told a staff member, she advised that someone would get in there as soon 'as they had a chance', but when another mom in our group went in a half hour later they still had not been replenished.  \nKeeping with the unclean theme, the brewed iced tea had a really disgusting dirty taste, and the Diet Pepsi was pretty terrible as well.  I stuck with the bottled water I brought with me.\n\nOverall, I would host another party here if the child Really wanted to go to Chuck E, Cheese, but I'd make sure I had Purell and a beverage.