Oh jeez, folks, I wanted to be able to give it 5 stars but I just can't.  It wasn't a 5 star meal or experience.  I'm giving it 4 because our server was nice and the space is welcoming but it really may be closer to a 3.5.\n \nThe atmosphere reminds me of Palatte except inside and with full table service not half counter\/half table.  (I was actually expecting it to be counter service but was pleasantly surprised.)  Its eclectic and warm but unlike Palatte you can't purchase the chair you are sitting in if you like it.  Its very small and cozy but that means that it fills up quickly if you are planning to dine in. The service was attentive although the entire experience was slower than we thought, especially during the lunch hour.  We were there over an hour!  For someone on a lunch break if may not be the best choice. \n \nWe started with the hummus which was just ok- its not nearly as good as the hummus at Fez.  The pita chips it was served with were the thickest and hardest pita chips I've ever eaten in my life.  I wouldn't suggest the hummus, you can get better roasted red pepper hummus at TJ's.  (Oh wait, none of the TJ's here carry it...)  My husband selected the \"Brown Sugar Jerk Pork\" which was not jerk pork at all.  It was pulled pork and the gouda was almost non-existent.  He said he thought he tasted it in a few bites, but never actually saw it. (Then bread turned really soggy and the whole thing fell apart)  My sandwich was a similar experience.  Like Megan, I ordered the Grilled Chicken and Sage Pesto.  All it really tasted like was chicken and goat cheese with the occasional taste of apple.  The pesto was not existent and the only time I realized there was bacon in the sandwich was when I crunched down on the random hard pieces of it.  For the amount of ingredients in the sandwich it was no way near as flavorful as it should have been.  I don't think I'm ready to marry this sandwich at all, but I may consider seeing it casually on the side.  Only if we can date other people though.