I guess I am going to be the problem child in what appears to be quite a few good reviews.  \n\nAfter recently moving right next to Promenade, I needed a break from unpacking boxes, so my parents swung by to check the new digs out and I took them to lunch.  BBQ sounded good to everyone and after eating at The Q Shack quite a while ago (years...?), I thought I had enjoyed it.  Either I was really hungry that day, or there have been some changes since the last time I visited.\n\nLocated at Promenade at Providence, this restaurant has a prime corner space at the end of one of the buildings.  There is parking directly in front and at 12:45 on a Friday, there were plenty of places to park.\n\nWe all ordered the hickory smoked pork butt - me and mom got platters that come with 2 sides, dad got a sammich.  The trays were whisked down the line and quickly assembled.  Dad ordered fries with his sandwich and was told they would be brought to the table as they were being freshly made.  The breakdown:\n\nSmoked pork butt:  The meat is too spicy\/vinegary.  I like plain to mildly seasoned meat that I can then add sauce to - I want to be able to taste the smokiness of the meat, not vinegar and spicy pickle juice.  I was also with my late-60's parents who don't like spicy foods (but they are both sports, so they trudged on since I paid for lunch).  The sauces were both pretty thin, more spice and I wasn't impressed with either.  The meat was tender and well cooked though.\nMac and cheese:  Peppery, not cheesy.  Bad.  \nCole slaw:  So DRY!  Was there even any dressing in it?  It honestly tasted like the bag of ready-made cole slaw you can find in the HT produce section that they waved a mayonnaise jar over without actually putting any in.  Slaw mix was fresh, but way too dry.\nFries:  Like a blind date from my matchdotcom days - limp and greasy.  They appeared to be fresh cut, but again, just not good.\nHush puppies - AWESOME!  The only part of the meal that I enjoyed. \n\nThey had banana pudding as a dessert, but after nothing in the meal tasted good to me, I dared not try it.  \n\nFor the 3 of us to eat, with drinks, was $30, which for lunch was reasonable, but the only thing that I actually enjoyed were the hush puppies.