Come on girl! Work that muffin top off! \n\nAhhh how im becoming a lil gym junkie! I have the badge to prove it, haha! So I decided to check out this Y bc its open on Sunday AND they have a Zumba class at a good time! Now I for some reason thought the other on Meadows was closer, but this is a lil closer to my place. I also have to say I like this facility a lot. \n\nNow here they do not have an indoor pool, but the water park looks AMAZE BALLS! I cant wait for the summer! Now so far I have no gripes with this facility!\n\nWhat I really LOVE is the layout; its all on one level! Now imo the flow is better, I really like seeing everything on one floor. The childrens gym is better than the Meadows, but not as amazing as the one in Pueblo. Here they make you get a \"child card\" before being able to drop your precious cargo off; they also require you to leave ID whilst your kids are there. Pretty cool imo bc now noone can say \"hey that lil one is mine!\" Hehe. \nAs you veer to the left you have a.room with all your treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, and an area to stretch. Here they again have wall mounted LCDs and a giant fan. The next huge room is were all your free weights and machines are. I love they have the rooms seperated! I for one do not like the fact that these hot mens can see my ass going all cray on the elliptical! Lol. The weight room is super great! I know this is weird but I LOVE how its painted green! Its like relaxing and motivates me! The room is also very well cooled and ventilated. \n\nThe studios are also pretty snazzy! Since this facility is all one floor they can have higher ceilings which then make you feel great working out! Not like in a box, at times I felt like that at Heinrich. The room is also convieniently located right across from the bathrooms and water fountains. Its also nice and cooled and not muggy.\n\nNow at the other Y I LOVE the Zumba teacher Christina, here so far ive worked with Ariel and some other Hispanic lady and have really enjoyed them! They both have the perfect amount of charisma and enthusiasm and remind us to stay hydrated! They also show diff levels, which is very caring of them. They are totally not snobs AT ALL and actually look like they care if youre enjoying yourself and make you wanna come back! I also like that they dont break your ear drums while they play the music!\n\nAnother good thing is that after 7pm its not busy! No wait and not a crap ton of people! Its nice, if you dont like working out with hella people this is your spot! They also have a worker walking around and readily available if you have questions! SCORE! Also included is towel service free!\n\nSo far I like this center a little better! Im still going to go to Heinrich mainly for Zumba with Christina and the fact they have a steam room!\n\nSo ladies and gents, get off your tookus and lets get healthy together!!!