So, for the most part, everyone always dreads going to the dentist, either out of fear of pain or the bill. I know I chose the latter for a good portion of my life and knew the day would come when it would \"bite\" me in the butt.....sorry. Low and behold at the ripe age of 31, 16 years since my last visit to a dentist, three wisdom teeth decided to show me who's boss. Looks like this dental plan is about to pay off...\n\nI'm in a new state, I don't have a dentist or a doctor....... or a psychiatrist (if you were curious). Where do I go? Luckily I have a boss and friend named Amber Williams (plug) who pointed me in the right direction. Also conveniently located around the corner from my place, Today's Dental was the \"place to be\". Nervously, I made my call to schedule an appointment and was immediately put at ease by the almost impossibly friendly staff. But I knew what was coming, they couldn't fool me. \n\nIn I walked and signed in at the front desk, their smiles and helpfulness, there's no way this is real. I was called in and taken on a tour of the facilities, and I thought that was very very very very cool for some reason. I must have looked like I was 6 years old walking around there. Like a giant 6ft 3in six-year-old. I got in my room and there's TV's on the wall, on the ceiling, all playing Sports Center, are you *^&%^*&ing kidding me??  I was so excited at this point I didn't care what they did, just let me sit down and you guys can get to work. By the way, I'm sorry if this is not at all exciting to you because you go to the dentist all the time like a normal person, but this is crazy to me. \n\nIn short of losing site of the actual review I'll sum this up. My dentist was Dr. DeMark and he's pretty much the coolest guy you could ever hope to have ripping bones from your head. I was at no time uncomfortable and actually wouldn't have minded another 20- 30 minutes. He really might be the coolest guy I've ever met in general now that I think about it. Believe me, this was no easy surgery, but I walked out of there with a giant swollen smile on my face. I was thoroughly educated in how to take care of myself during the healing process and got a phone call later that night from the Dr making sure I was alright and checking that I understood what to do. I mean if this is the typical experience then I'm surprised, it was a pleasure all around and I will never go to another dentist. \n\nIn short, if you're like me and have been an idiot for not going to the dentist, or if you're new to the area looking for a new dentist...go here...because I said so. I honestly can't wait to go back.