There is an obvious disconnect between this place and me as oppose to many others. However, as with the many examples of successful ethnic eateries as of late; the key to raving reviews is really approach-ability. The recipe for success goes something like this; take some average Thai food, plate it fancily, dim the lights, make the space warm, rustic and industrial AND lastly turn up the music. I can't say this food is bad nor is it delicious though the curry is quite adequate. However, considering the price I had to pay I would say they have woefully underachieved.\n\nLet's start with the classic Pad Thai -- the dish that is fried rice is to Chinese food, sushi is to Japanese food...etc. If there is one dish to be done right, it would be this. It was quite a disappointment to say the least, probably one of the most amateur interpretations I've had. The noodles have been chopped up too short and have become \"clumpy\" (they've overcooked it and when you do that the noodles tend to break up and clump up during the stir fry process). The flavours were extremely muted and it was as bland in both presentation and taste as you can imagine it. Luckily, we had an assortment of curries and for the most part they did a good job on the sauce itself. What was disappointing was the dry unflavourful proteins and absence of any sort of substantial vegetables to add some pop and freshness to the dishes. Do note that the curries taste very similar so it may not make a difference which one you pick; so just get it in your favourite colour? There are reasons why curries come in different colours and it's not just to please your eyes. Those wings, those tiny wings that cost almost a buck and half each were awfully over-hyped. They were tender but that's about where it ends. I couldn't make out what flavours they were; it was like a mis-mash of various random spices and herbs that equate to not very memorable, confusing and strange tasting wings. I guess there was a hint of lemongrass in it and that was nice. I've saved the best for last and it was the tom yum soup. Everything was on point except for the oddly sized pieces of lemon grass it comes with. Not quite small enough to ignore yet not quite big enough to be easily removed. If anyone has chewed on lemongrass, you will understand how pleasant it can be.\n\nSo behind all the smoke and hype, behind all that hippy, happy, lounge-y vibe what you have is an overpriced and mediocre meal.