Review #911\n\n   Owing to the fact that NY-NY featured a Memorial to the victims of 9\/11 by the Statue of Liberty up to 2013, it is appropriate that this is going to be my review 911. Likewise owing to the facts that my family and I vacationed there for a week in March and that it is frequent spot to hang out at, the time has come to review New York-New York.\n\n   New York-New York and the real New York share something else besides landmarks. Both are exciting and have Pizzazz!  \n\n  The first time I ever set eyes on New York-New York was on a summer afternoon back in July 1996 when the MGM was the hot new property on the Strip. Because it was being built, I couldn't set foot in it. The next year when we returned to Las Vegas, it was my first time in the casino. Nearly 20 years later, the property has not aged. The thing about theme casinos that some bean executives just don't understand is that a great theme never gets old. Additionally fantastic themes are so exciting that it puts the reviewer at a disadvantage of streamlining to avoid the character limit. For that reason this review from this point forward separates it by category. \n\nHotel Rooms:\n\n  Our hotel room up in the Columbia Tower was clean and comfortable. The neat thing about the theme is that the towers resemble the New York skyline. Because my dad paid for it the few things I could say about pricing is that it is competitively priced before the resort fee. The view from the room overlooked the Statue of Liberty and southeast Valley. The roller coaster would careen up and down the track outside the tower. \n\nDrinking:\n\n   The coffee fan in me appreciates that it is easy to savor the beverage. By registration, Fornaio serves a delicious Cafe Americano and desserts. There are two Starbuck's with one that has seats overlooking the Brooklyn Bridge. \n\n  The alcohol fan in me appreciates the variety of bars. There is the Irish Bar near the Strip. Upstairs for a different drinking environment is Coyote Ugly. In the casino is a central bar and sporadic cocktail service at the slot machines. The pizza place has a $7.77 special including 2 slices and beer. The Times Square Bar is a fun spot for a cold one while listing to Dueling Piano players duel it out. \n\nDining:\n\n   There is a nice choice of places to eat. The themed streets of Greenwich Village are a unique spot to enjoy a bite while taking in the attention that is so detailed that steam rises out of a manhole replica on the walkway. The restaurants include a fish & chips place, a crepe stand, Greenberg's Deli, Chinese restaurant, hot dog stand, Broadway Burger and pizza place. Way out in Coney Island there is a Nathan's that is the only one to serve super cheeseburgers on the Strip. Near the hotel registration America is the casino cafe. Upstairs in the menazzaine the restaurants include a pizzeria and Haagan Daez. Out in the suburbs are Tom Urban and Shake Shack. \n\nEntertainment :\n\n   The theme is the major entertainment. It makes this a unique place that is unparalleled at a New York theme. Before I step foot in the casino, there is the New York skyline, Statue of Liberty, and the Brooklyn Bridge. The theme continues inside. Even Hershey's World gets in the New York mood with a towering chocolate Statue of Liberty. There has been some detheming in the Central Park casino where the trees have been replaced with contemporary furnishings. This causes the eye to look across the casino to the perimeter. Usually my eyes lead me to Greenwich Village. At night the sounds of the Times Square Dueling Piano Bar bounce across the Village. Throughout the day and night the New York roller coaster cars fly along the tracks above. Above Times Square there is entertainment to be had in the Coney Island arcade. In back of the hotel, there is a resort swimming pool that overlooks the roller coaster and Monte Carlo. The hotel us also the home of the Cirque Du Soleil show: Zumanity. The entertainment got even better with the newly opened Park connecting the casino to the T-Mobile Arena. \n\nConclusion:\n\n   New York-New York is the quintessential proof that well-run  properties with fantastic themes never get old. They remain exciting places that never get boring. Fantastic themed hotels in comparison to hotels that try to be hip or overluxurious alleviate the negative energy of paying to park, obnoxious resort fees, and other expenses. New York - New York puts me in a New York State of Mind.