Where do I begin?  A few days before, I send a text to a promoter to see about a guestlist. The sleazeball wanted a picture of my friends and I for the list. Are you serious? How creepy, not to mention shady! I didn't send a pic, not because we are fugly but it's freaking creepy to send your pic to a stranger and it doesn't seem right. \n\nSo we go on the Grand Opening Day and on a big holiday weekend, Memorial Day weekend so I expected some sort of clusterfuck but I'll complain anyway. LOL.\n\nMy girls and I got there around 10:30 a.m. and stood in the guestlist line. While we were waiting in line, we saw some fatty who obviously worked there pick out girls to skip the line. They all happened to be white. Hmmm. Some were pretty but some were skanky. There were hotter chicks in line. I guess beauty is in the eye of the beholder. \n\nSo while we were waiting in line, we find out the guestlist didn't open till 12:30 p.m. which they didn't tell us about till around noon. We were told it was $20 for girls on the guestlist. The guestlist closes at 1. We didn't get in till after 1. It ended up being $50 for girls and $100 for guys. Had I known this, I would have went straight to the general admission line. Not off to a good start. A lot of pissed off girls in line!\n\nWhen we finally get in 2.5 hours later, there is only one bar. One freaking bar and a handful of bartenders for the whole place. You spend a lot of $ on this place and you only have one bar. Brilliant. There are other pool parties in Vegas that are smaller and have multiple bars. As expected, drinks are pricey. $13 for a redbull, $9 for a bottle of water, and $15 for a cocktail.\n\nI was trying to have a good time but I didn't like the vibe of the staff. I felt like Big Brother was watching most of the time. We were told not to sit in certain areas multiple times but we sat there anyway after they left. Most of the cabanas were empty. I think my friend said they were starting at $5K? The stage area is nice but that's about it. The pool is small for the size of the venue and you can't really get a good view of the DJ. The crowd seemed to have a good time though despite the clusterfuck. \n\nSo needless to say, I would not go back here even with a table. There are other Vegas clubs where promoters don't ask you to send a pic to get on a list, don't lie about the prices, and staff are friendly, etc. Honestly, I think I would rather go to my dentist than come back here.