I'm am shocked this place has an average 4 stars. We were highly disappointed, the only things that saved the night was the free glass of wine with Yelp check in an $10 off coupon I got for my birthday.\n\nNot to be a nit picker but my food wasn't up to par so I might as well complain about the dirty with sauce table cloth as well. Otherwise the restaurant itself was nice. Lots of room, it really filled up the longer we were there. Our waitress was average, she helped with questions but otherwise wasn't very attentive.\n\nWe were given some small pieces of complimentary garlic bread to start, it was average, nothing special about it. I'm a big fan of Arncini, so we ordered a plate to start. Ick! I ate one and didn't even want to finish that one. It had good crunch but the taste of the inside was not appealing, I make Arincini at home and have had it many other places and this was the worst I have ever had. We didn't even finish them or the bread and my husband is a bread fiend.\n\nOn of the menu items I saw had gotten lots of good reviews and states its a best selling dish was the Crazy Alfredo, I love Alfredo and wanted shrimp but also wanted to try something different so I ordered it. The dish was piled high but it didn't seem like Alfredo sauce, it was more like they threw Parmesan or mozzarella in the pasta, it actually started to harden as it cooled. The spice of the jalapeño wasn't over powering which was nice. Disappointed there were only 2 shrimp in the dish. Tons of sausage. The fettuccine tasted like box pasta. My friend got the same dish and was disappointed as well. Her husband was the only one that was pleased with his dish which was the Chicken Mount Etna. My husband got the Gnocchi with Vodka Sauce and added Chicken. OMG! I felt so bad for my husband, his gnocchi tasted like wet balls of wall paper paste, no taste, and the sauce did nothing to help. We've had gnocchi before also and these were very heavy and gross.\n\nI just wanted to get out of there, I can't believe I wasted by birthday dinner on Nora's, I will never go back or recommend it. My husband wanted to give me to give 1 star but my dish was at least edible.