EGGstatic there's a new breakfast joint that just opened up here in the Anthem area in the strip mall along Eastern between Horizon Ridge and Sunridge Heights.\n\nI just did a quick glance of the menu but wasn't feeling any of their omelette selections till the  breakfast Hawaiian style section caught my eye! They offered 3 different meals; Spam or Portuguese Sausage with rice and eggs, Loco Moco( eggs, rice burger patty topped w\/brown gravy)  and the Haole Moco (Westernized version with country gravy)  I went for the Haole one!   It was made right with rice on the bottom, layered with the burger patty and topped with gravy and 2 eggs.  I  just I didn't like the burger patty as much. I also thought more gravy is needed because the rice soaked it all up before I could finish it.  Otherwise not too bad.  Afterthoughts:  I should've ordered something on the lighter side.\n \nThe place is plenty big, bright and airy.  There is seating outside facing the busy street. Or you can sit at the counter or seat yourself in their large dining area.  The windows facing west has a nice view of the Anthem area.\n \nMinor hiccups on service.  I seated myself (per sign at entry) and waited a few minutes till someone realized I wasn't being waited on yet. A server approached my table when she realized I wasn't helped yet and apologized for me being the only one there at the time and the 12 of them not tending to my table yet. Maybe because everyone is still green or it was still too early in the day, who knows.  I don't mind that they give you the check right away and you pay at the counter at your convenience but it is a pain and I do think the \"flip to yellow egg\" for help\/service system is pretty lame.\n\nI like that this place opens pretty early and they offer different choices for breakfast and brunch time and look forward to trying more food from their menu, but I have to say I still prefer the breakfast bakery cafe that has that savory waffle sandwich and Chopped Kale salad across the way.