They focus on local beers...what a novel idea...wish other Cleveland bars did..\n\nLet me preface this that I am a HUGE Lizard fan and have done the beer tour 8 years now.  Went to the new Winking Lizard concept last night called Winks.  Its in the Galleria which has been a shopping graveyard downtown for years now but I like how they repurpose old buildings and bring new life to em!  This motif is kind of a sports bar (I think) with a LOCAL focus...which is awesome.  I know the place is brand new but the service was awful.  We walked in, sat down and within 30 seconds the bearded manager dude tells us they close at 10 but will probably be staying open a tad later (gee thanks)!  So, I am on the beer tour and asked if beers bought here count on the tour (which they do) so I asked for a printout.  Bearded dude proceedes to just ask me what I want and he said he will tell me if any of the other Lizards have that on tap so I dont get the same beer twice for my tour.  Now, wouldnt just printing the fricking list of what I HAVE had be way easier?!  He seemed like he was in a huge rush to get us out the door.  No wonder there was 10 people in the whole bar...  Now the beers they DO have and that count for the tour have no numbers next to em to signify the corresponding number to the tour.  So, basically if ya want a beer to count on your tour ya have to look down your whole list and see if you have already had it?  Not too easy when ya have already had 80 beers..lol.  We eventually did find 2 beers that did count and drank em.  Didnt want to bother beard man for another!  As we finished the 2 beers we had and paid we watched like 10 employees cleaning everything including the jukebox...but not interating with customers who are actually spending money.  Guess a shiny jukebox is a must for downtown bars to thrive?  I get the vibe that this bar is gonna cater to the white, middle-aged, business traveler who is used to crappy downtown service.  It has ZERO corner bar appeal and with customer service like that people will go elsewhere.   After 2 quick beers we left and went somewhere else and drank.  From what I hear they basically hired all new staff for this store and have a crazy martini list with egg whites and all that.  Now, with customer service like I just saw all the martinis and shiny jukeboxes in the world will not work.  When downtown Cleveland is dead on a Thurday nite ya might wana get some local people to fill those seats...but we wont if we can go somewhere else and actually feel welcomed..