3.5 Stars.\n\nIt's been awhile!  Me and my wife came here about 4 years ago and left a bit disappointed.  Fast forward to present day.......  We had an employee appreciation day at work, and we got to play a hand of blackjack with our boss.  If you won, you got to pick an envelope with a prize in it.  I was lucky and won my hand with a 21!  My envelope that I picked was \"Lunch with the boss\".  We could pick the place where we wanted to go, so I decided to choose here.  Me, him, his assistant and one other coworker who won all headed down here today.  I figured that it was time for a return visit and since work was paying, might as well head somewhere nice that everyone would enjoy.  This place is consistently ranked as one of the top pizzerias in the USA and the other 3 people I went with had never been. \n\nWe drove down, valet parked ($3.00) and were in the doors right around 11:30.  There were only a few other people there and we got a table right away.  We all took a quick look at the menu and then placed our order.  My last time here, I sampled the Margherita, The Rosa and The Sonny Boy.  Today, I went with The Wiseguy.  I had that and a Diet Coke to drink. Here is how everything was............\n\nWiseguy Pizza-  This thing was fantastic!  This pizza is a white pizza with no tomato sauce.  It came topped with lots of sausage, plenty of onions and a nice amount of  smoked mozzarella.  The sausage was sliced thin and had a great texture and taste with the fennel in it.  The onions were the perfect middle between soft yet still firm enough to have some bite.  The cheese was awesome too..cant beat a fresh homemade mozzarella!.  This was one of the better white pizzas I have ever had.  Biancos crust is always really thin, but today it seemed just a tad thicker than past visits.  It had a perfect char on the crust without being burnt and it had a fantastic chew.  This particular pizza gets 5 stars.  If\/when I come back, it will be the only one I order!  It was great!\n\nDiet Coke-  They serve this to you in a 12oz can.  Cost=$3.50.  Highway robbery!  Hey, at least the regular Coke is a Mexican Coke in a glass bottle and can somewhat be justified for a $3.50 beverage, but to charge $3.50 for a can of Diet Coke is outrageous!   \n\nService was good. Our waitress was nice.\n\nOverall, I can take this off my \"Overrated List\" since the pizza I had today was absolutely fantastic.  But, even though my lunch today was both excellent and free, I still can't see myself coming down here and paying what equates to $25.00 for a pizza and a can of Coke. 4 pizzas and 5 sodas came out to $106.00 after tip!  Ben Franklin, Abraham Lincoln and George Washington all frowned as they were coming out of Brandy's wallet!   It was good, but not that good.  There are many other pizza joints in Phoenix that I would head to if I had to plunk down the cash for lunch.  With that said, the next time I win a prize or get a free lunch from work, I'm headed back here for another Wiseguy...it really is a great pizza and it was head and shoulders above every other pizza I have had from any of Biancos restaurants in the past.  I just wish you didn't have to take out a second mortgage to enjoy a meal here!  That's all, folks!    Catch you on the flipside, Pizzeria Bianco.  It's been real!