SCAM ALERT!  I have had several credit cards in the past and ended up using this card after credit issues.  I know how reputable credit card companies work.  Credit One credit cards seem like a card you would get from a guy handing out cards down a dark alley.  \n\nI applied for the card and was approved.  I received my first statement showing I needed to pay the annual fee of $75 before I ever received the card.  I had to call to order another card because they told me that should never have happened.  I told them I was not going to pay the annual fee yet until I had actually received the card.  I confirmed with them that I was not going to be charged any late fee for a card that I had never used or had received.  Guess what?  A late fee appeared and I had to call, yet again, to get this taken care of.  It was removed after a lengthy conversation.  \n\nI used my card sparingly through the year and always paid on time and paying off the entire balance.  I was told then that I could have my credit line increased from $400 to $600 whole dollars...If I paid $19.95.  I have never heard of a company requiring me to pay a fee to increase my credit line.  Credit card companies increase your credit line automatically, not after you pay a fee to do so.\n\nI've also noticed other reviews state that after the first year they have now incurred a \"Monthly Annual\" fee.  Customer service had no explanation for this term when I called to ask about it.  I have not used this card in months and was assessed this \"Monthly Annual\" fee.  Well, since I don't use this card, I didn't know about this charge and fees.  I received no bill, no email, no phone call about a payment being due on this card and was assessed a late fee for not paying a \"Monthly Annual\" fee that I was not aware of.  Explain please.\n\nFinally, I never used their express payment.  However, a company that charges you fees for them to process your payment to your card quicker is not interested in helping you or repairing your credit, if that's what you're doing.  This is all computerized and requires them no extra steps and it is only done for people that need access to their credit quicker and you are then penalized for it.  \n\nDo yourself a favor and find another card to rebuild your credit.  It is not worth the the future headaches you will endure with this shady company.  Remember that if you get it and then subsequently close the card you will hurt your credit score.