It's an alright hookah bar.  I've found that a lot of people have the bad habit of hogging entire couches despite not being large enough of a party to take up said couches, which can be a bit annoying when all that's left is one tiny table and you're with a bunch of your friends.\n\nThe mango smoothie is delicious, but expensive.  The food and drinks are pretty expensive in general.  Actually, just smoking shisha and getting one item each usually costs me and my friends quite a bit.  The atmosphere varies - sometimes I get an awesome waitress and sometimes I get the \"my shift ends in 10 minutes, pay me now\" girl who is still there an hour and a half later.  The setting is quite intimate, and I'm often placed next to large parties of people, which isn't conducive to having your own conversation with your friends.  Or at least, not conducive to hearing them.  Oh, and don't worry, if there isn't enough white noise from people's conversations, the staff will be nice enough to blast Top 40 hits from the stereo about 20 decibels above your comfort level.\n\nSometimes there will be the odd creepy guy who is \"studying\" and smoking shisha by himself, and who just stares and listens to everything you're saying.  I suggest having a staring contes with this mant; you will always win.\n\nMost people put the hookah on a table rather than on the ground; this is problematic as the little flavoured tobacco tablets have this habit of sparking randomly into the air when they're initially lit.  It has happened where sparks from someone else's hookah have landed on my clothing or in my hair.  I have also had my own hookah do this - the sparks landed in some girl's purse.  She had no idea as she was too busy talking about how annoying she thought Carl at work was; he was always hitting on her and god, it's just so annoying to punch in and have him be there leering at her.  Anyway, her purse didn't catch fire, but still - what if it had?  I don't know what purses are made out of.  Hers could have been made out of cardboard with kerosene glue for all I knew.  I'm sure even Carl from work would have agreed that any potential fire hazard would mandate that hookahs should be kept on the ground.  Or some sort of cover should be put on top of the hookahs?  Anyway, something should be done before the fire marshals are called, is my take on it.\n\nI've found that if you stay late, on your way out there is a 50% chance you will be harassed by a group of Persian men who loiter outside seemingly just to make smart-ass comments at you and to hit on the girls with you.  This is my favourite part of the experience, as nothing finishes off a semi-comfortable hookah bar experience than a bunch of strangers sexually harassing your friends and threatening to fight you when you give them a dirty look.\n\nIf it seems like I really hate this place by my review, I really don't.  All of its faults are endearing to me.  I almost always have a decent time, and thought I'm not a shisha expert, the shisha itself tastes great (although I feel ill when I smoke it for hours and hours).  Also, 99% of the people you want to talk shit about will never step foot in this place, making it the perfect place to vent your frustrations out to your friends.  Carl will never know what you really think about him.