Yes, this place is old school Scottsdale and no, the clientele is not the young and the hip. Big deal. If that makes you feel out of place, then by all means, visit someplace where you can see and be seen. This is a nice little low-slung building, with an interior that says \"My French grandmother decorated twenty years ago,\" but it works. It's comfortable. I bought a Groupon to Voltaire a while back and only afterward did I read the reviews on Yelp. I had buyer's remorse. I felt anxious about visiting. Was I going to be the youngest in the dining room? Was the food going to be bland? Is the smell of Ben Gay going to ruin the wine? Was the Maître d' going to be rude? The answers are no, no, no, and kind of.\n\nLet me address the food, since that's the whole point of a restaurant. It was great. My wife and I both started with the onion soup. It was excellent. Not as much umami as you find in the onion soup and Zinc Bistro, but you know what? Zinc Bistro cheats and puts soy sauce in their onion soup. This was excellent old school onion soup. For entrees, I had the sweetbreads and my wife had the Filet Mignon with peppercorn sauce. I'd never had sweetbreads, so I asked our waitress what she thought of them, and she was truthful, saying they were an acquired taste. Well, it's safe to say that I've acquired a taste for calf thymus. This was accompanied by corn, snap peas, and a dab of very creamy garlic mashed potatoes, all of which were very nice. The vegetables were served modestly, with salt and butter and it works. My wife's Filet was good. I'm not a huge fan steak au poivre, but it was good. I enjoyed my steak a bit more at Cafe Roka recently, but they're served with two completely different sauces. For desert, my wife tried the creme brulee and reports that it was nice and light, and I had the ice cream with candied chestnuts.  This was super-sweet. The flavor of the chestnuts was lost amongst the caramel sauce. I can't believe I ate the whole thing.\n\nRegarding the age of the clientele, there was actually one couple present who were younger than us, but for the most part the crowd was made up of Boomers. There was only one bona fide blue hair and I happened to notice our waitress lending an arm to assist this lady up from her table and out the front door -very thoughtful. Dress code seems to be fairly casual (much to the Maître d's chagrin, I suspect). I thought I was going casual with chinos and an oxford, but there was a dude there with jeans and Birks.\n\nFinally, the Maître d'... This guy... what can I say about him. He gave us a look up and down when we came in.  Well, my wife got the look anyway - I think I looked pretty good in my chinos and French blue oxford.  I wonder if the Boomer in jeans and Birks got the look, too?  The Maître d' was pleasant enough when we had to interact with him (he seats guests and apparently runs credit cards), but I just got this vibe from him that we were not living up to his expectations as guests. Then the funniest thing happened (well, I'd had a couple of glasses of happiness, so it was funny at the time): when we got our credit card receipt back, he'd written in the tip for us!!!  It was as if he couldn't trust us to (a) leave a tip or (b) leave a tip on the full amount of the bill, not just the part remaining after the Groupon came off the top.\n\nI wouldn't let this guy spoil your evening - unless he chases you into the parking lot as per one previous review.  Even then you'll have something to tell your grandchildren. The food is great here. The ambiance is cozy.  The crowd might be a little geriatric, but you know what, so is your grandmother.  Just enjoy your time, and see if the Maître d' does anything funny and report it here.