Wife had our baby here March 2017, here's what we thought:\n\nOut of the numerous nurses we saw or interacted with throughout our time, I'd say 1 or 2 were awkward, but ALL were helpful, positive and reassuring. They answered all of my wife's million questions with ease and experience. We saw a total of 3 students. 2 nursing and 1 ped. All were great, especially Molly from ASU who met my wife at the beginning of her shift while she was pushing. Great time to meet someone! She was flawless and will be a great nurse.\n\nOnly complaints: all staff seem to forget that this isn't our jobs, careers or daily routine. They just come and go, doesn't matter if your lady's legs are wide open or not, there's not a lot of privacy when the nurses or doctors come in \/ out. I've had surgery before, and this just seems to be a trend. Nurses and doctors don't seem to care that you're butt naked and exposed. Sure, you see it every day, but I don't tend to take my clothes off in front of strangers and lie on tables on a daily basis. If I start to do that, I'm pretty sure I'll be wearing black and white stripes in Tent City. Would it hurt to remember that it's awkward for us? What happened to a blanket over the ladies legs? \n\nSecond... while giving birth is 1,000,000,000 times worse than the wimpy complain I'm going to give, hold back your finger pointing and listen to my reasoning. I have a bad back and don't sleep well. I can't even go camping anymore because waking up on just the ground to sleep on leaves me temporarily paralyzed. My one and only goal is to take care of my wife and baby so they can recover. I would NEVER want to give birth. I cannot believe my wife is considering more children. Women, y'all craaaazzy. I would never! But, my goal was to ensure my wife got her sleep and I was up to get her food, drinks, extra pillows, this, that... whatever. Very hard to do when you're sleeping on a jacked up pull-out bed. I don't need luxury accomadations, but geeze, where'd you get this furniture, the 99 cent store! \n\nMen \/ other persons not giving birth but sticking around during recovery: bring snacks, water bottles and a twin size mattress topper. Emphasis on snacks.