I am normally not the type of person that likes to spend my own time writing a review as you can probably tell since this is my first review on this account. However, I just feel the need to express my concerns this time due to the way my incident was handled during my dining experience...\n\nFirst off, this wasn't the first time I came to Chubby Cattle, I had no prior unsatisfactory experience here before until today. My girlfriend was craving hotpot so our first natural choice was Chubby Cattle since we both really enjoyed it previously. Our server Matthew had us seated and we began ordering like usual...\n\nWe normally never order any items from the seafood menu as we prefer their meat selection more but this time we decided to give their seafood combo platter a try since the guests next to us ordered one and the presentation was really beautiful. Along with that we also ordered some beef briskets, veggies and bunch of assorted items from their conveyor belt...\n\nThe dining experience was going nice and smoothly with service and most of the food being on point like usual. This took a dramatic downturn when the supposedly \"beautifully-presented seafood platter\" was brought to our table...\n\nIt had a assortment of shrimp, clam, scallop, crab leg, fish, and mussel. Anticipating the taste of this dish, we put a little of each into our broth and let it simmer for a good couple minutes. The shrimps and scallops was amazing but the RED FLAG comes when we go for the mussels...\n\nI put a little of our sauce on top of the mussel and attempt to scoop the whole thing into my mouth as if it was a oyster. As I try to separate the meat from the shell using my mouth, I noticed a weird texture when I chew down on it, something I wasn't familiar with as I had plenty of mussels in the past. It felt really hairy and crunchy at the same time, so I immediately spit the whole thing back on the shell to see what it was that I bit into. I was thoroughly disgusted when I saw a bunch of black hairy leg-like thing protruding from the flesh of the mussel. I wasn't able to identify what that thing was. And from another piece I took out from the broth, I saw a random whole-small crab inside the mussel itself. Without further or due, I ended my meal there without finishing anything else from the seafood platter as well as what is in my broth. \n\nI informed my server of the situation and all he came back with is that the manager said it was a natural occurrence as they are the things they eat...seriously? So I had to personally request to have the manager come over and told her that explanation was unacceptable. I mean come on, If I were to order pork intestine from a restaurant, I expected it to be thoroughly clean despite knowing what is consider as a \"natural occurrence\" that takes place in it.  \n\nShe told me that the mussels are from a supplier at New Zealand and they were the one who supposedly cleaned and cooked it before shipping it to Chubby Cattle...but hey, how about doing some inspection on it yourself before serving it to your customers? It is only a standard process for the price you guys charge. Not to mention she also told me this type of incident also happened previously to other customers as well so all in all, this should bring a RED FLAG to you guys to either switch suppliers or have a thorough cleaning of such products when you receive them. \n\nThe manager kept trying to push the responsibility to other things instead of owning the experience. She did however apologize and say she will reflect my concerns to the team and said she will see if she can do anything for me. When my bill came nothing was altered, and I can see from a distance she just kept talking with her co-workers, laughing and chatting along. This just makes me feel like she wasn't sincere at all and that your management just doesn't care anymore. It wasn't until we told the server Matthew that your management said she will do something in regards to the bill that they then finally went ahead and removed the seafood platter (we only partially consumed the shrimp and scallop, everything else was discarded because we were disgusted) from the bill.  \n\nI work in the hotel industry in a 5 star luxury resort setting and I understand how important customer service is to maintain and generate loyal guests. With all due respect, I don't expect the same level of service standards from Chubby Cattle, but come on, your server itself saw those disgusting hairy legs coming from the flesh, it could be potentially hazardous as it is something unidentifiable. Trying to brush off and escape the situation instead of proactively dealing with it just tells me a lot about your company. \n\nI had always suggested Chubby Cattle to my friends, family and numerous guests that come to our hotel when they ask if I know a spot for delicious and unconventional Asian cuisine. This is such a big disappointment...I don't think I am able to recommend this place anymore or even come back at all