I got a bad feeling as soon as the Dr. Spring came in and shook my hand. Before he even asked me how I am doing or welcoming to the office for my first visit there, he began telling me how much trouble I'm in with my teeth. I have been to the dentist twice a year for 32 years for teeth cleanings and no one has ever said anything negative at all about my teeth. In fact, my past dentists (I'm new to Mesa so this is why I ended up trying (but will not be staying) Dr. Spring) have always said what a pleasure it is to work on my teeth because I take such good care of them. \n\nAccording to Dr. Spring, I need a root canal, two crowns, about 16 fillings, and he wants to pull my one remaining wisdom tooth that is so far up in my face it's probably closer to my eye than it is to breaking through my gums. \n\nWhen Dr. Spring said my teeth are in a lot of trouble, I said, \"You're kidding,\" because I'd never heard such a thing and didn't expect to hear that. Then he said, \"You don't believe me? The x-rays speak for themselves.\" So this was not very comforting, to be reclining in this chair, about to have my mouth worked on by a jerk and a thief. He showed me the x-rays, which of course really mean nothing to me, but he did point to a black spot to show me where I needed the root canal. Well, the black spot was the space between two teeth (and no, not a space where I'm missing a tooth, just the sliver of space that is normally between teeth, the area you floss). I know I've never been to dental school, but you don't have to be a genius to see that he was inventing a problem. \n\nAs soon as he entered the room, everything out of his mouth was spoken almost joyously as the dollar signs twinkled in his eyes and he made up problem after problem that I needed addressed. All in all, close to $8,000 of problems (after my insurance covered their part). \n\nNext, the dental hygienist came in to do my cleaning. She informed me that because of my problematic teeth and my GUM DISEASE, I would need a deep cleaning, as opposed to a regular cleaning. As far as I know, gum disease is pretty apparent because you get puffy red gums and they bleed when you brush or floss. My gums are about the same color as the palms of my hands, pretty fleshy. They also never bleed and I brush and floss twice a day. Furthermore, the cleaning was about the weakest I've ever received. She did nothing more than the usual pass over with a water pik getting the coffee stains off the back of my teeth, picking at a little tartar here and there toward the back molars, and then doing the polish followed by floss and rinse. There was nothing special about this \"deep clean.\"\n\nWhen I got to the desk to pay and set up the first of my 8 following appointments (which I did not do), I was given a bottle of special mouthwash for my supposed gum disease. Little did I know, they tacked on $25 to my bill for this mouthwash that I don't need because I don't have gum disease!\n\nIn addition to taking me to the cleaners, Dr. Spring is rude and condescending to his staff. I also heard him ask a patient across the way if his mouth was numb. The man answered, \"No, I don't think it's ready yet.\" But Dr. Spring assured him they would get started anyway and go slow. NICE!\n\nI will not be returning to Dr. Spring.