This is the story of King Arthur in his advanced years, holding a tournament where Kings from all over Europe get together to show off their various combat skills. All is well until the evil Dragon Knights come to crash the party. The fate of England now rests in the hands of Arthur's son, Prince Christopher, to defeat the Dragon Knights and thus prove himself worthy to wield the legendary sword 'Excalibur'. \nThe show is hosted by the comical wizard 'Merlin' who also has a court jester running around.\nAll in all, we had a great time at the show. It's not sophisticated, or deep, or anything like that, but it's just simple fun. Adults can have just as much fun as the children. I went with my cousin who was visiting me from out of town, and we both claim to be adults. (haha) We both had a blast cheering for our King of Spain, although I think she had the hots for the King of Russia. Traitor. You get seated in a country's section and you cheer for your King, while you heckle the Dragon Knights. Of course, you eat with your hands and make lots of noise every time you take a swig of your grog, or bite into your food. \nYour dinner will consist of a small whole chicken, tomato soup, bread, broccoli, and a dessert pastry. Also included is a basic beverage, which is water, and soda. Anything else is extra. Even juices for kids. The food is not the greatest, but what do you want for a meal that is to be eaten with your bare hands? \nThe only complaint that I had is that the wenches are kind of cold. Not into character at all. They remind me of Janeane Garofalo's character in 'The Cable Guy'. Everyone else was fantastic.\nThere's lots of eye candy for both men and women, so enjoy all the visuals. There are some pyrotechnics, and loud banging noises to wake your asses up, and some decent choreography (in case you are wondering if these guys are really battling to the death). You can take pics with the cast after the show is over as well.\nThere is always some sort of discount floating around, so don't pay full price for these tickets. Tix4tonight.com has them, mlife offers a discount, there is always somebody that has some kind of discount.\nIf you haven't been to something like this in a while, definitely give it a try.