Shout out too my partner and yelper Suzy H for telling me about Dirt Dog. We decided to go on there soft opening date. I know not the most ideal time check out brand new restaurant. They had some kinks that needed work out. None of the taps were running, fountain machine was down, and most of the bottle drinks never had time chill. It was expected so NONE of it bothered me. Really the star of the show was the Dirt Dogs. \n\nSo one thing always count on dining with Suzy H we make sure try the menu. We got three different dogs. The Green, Red, and the Mutt dog combination of the two (also secret menu item). The Red Dog stole the show out of the three. At first thinking not that spicy after the first couple bites. Talk about subtle just kick you right in the mouth. By the end was hurting needed take breather before started on the second Green Dog. I like spicy food. It not crazy over the top heat but just be warned some kick too it. Green Dog fan of the chimichurri sauce. Overall nothing that stood out or worked for me compare to the Red Dog. Or maybe the Red Dog killed my taste buds. lol!!! The Mutt Dog if looking try both really great option. \n\nThe base of all the hot dogs are bacon wrapped Nathans brand hot dogs. I have seen before but not whole menu based alone on the concept. I love the concept!! The bacon nice crispy on the outside. It gives the hot dog more body and keep Nathans hot dog more moist\/hot. The topping on both dogs really complimented the whole dog. The Green Dog not make as much of lasting impact compare to the Red. The buns that another Dirt Dog concept or one of the options lobster style roll. I think lobster roll should be given with any Dirt Dog. It not only reminded me of quality lobster roll sandwich. It adds so much more flavor then regular hot dog bun. Talk about reasonable priced. Not only reasonable compare to basic hot dog on any strip casino or casino. The quality your getting speaks for itself. The simplicity of the menu fan of three different parts Dogs, Sides, and Desserts. Less think about and for me everything had was awesome or solid. The sides we got the Garlic Fries and Mexican Corn. Both solid. \n\nThe desserts that FIVE star da bomb. I came back on second visit ONLY for desserts. Nothing could damper the fact had my first Deep Fried Twinkie. Deep Fried Oreo enough said. They ran out of Horachata Ice Cream. I like the fact they make it fresh every day and went at the end of service . They ran out. Just gives me another reason come back!!! Second visit came with my cousins visiting and doing out tradition food tours around Vegas. Dirt Dog was perfect dessert spot on my radar and talking about Deep Fried goodness. It was heavenly. The Twinkie the cream that came running out on was awesome. They have sauce for both but truth neither one needs it. \n\nThe service every person came in contact with was friendly, awesome, and the manager very much around checking on guests. Five star service both times I visited. \n\nOne thing find the place is if looking for it at night. The sign no lighting around it. If anything look for Sparklings well lit sign and its in the same parking lot.