THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE SALON!! As there is nowhere to single it out,I have to review it here. WARNING PRICES ARE NOT LISTED, THEY CHANGE PER PERSON YOU SPEAK WITH AND IF YOU GET FRENCH TIP ITS $35 EXTRA AND THAT WAS NEVER COMMUNICATED BY THE NAIL TECH. \nWe arrived at valet in the front entrance to the hotel. We entered & searched how to get to the spa & salon. We see there are elevators so we walk there. Once we arrived we tried to go up the elevators but the UP button didn't work. We couldn't figure out why & after a few minutes we realized you had to be a guest with room keys to utilize the \"Spa & Salon\" elevator. We proceeded to the front desk to ask how to get to the Salon & Spa. They instructed us to wake up the spiral staircase,turn left & the first hallway on the right then go to a red door & go in there. We followed the instructions. We arrived upstairs, found that there is no red door & the area was closed off. We went the only way we could,through the gym. Once we reached the Spa desk, we instructed them that we are about 1.5 hours early but can wait. They took our names and asked why we were upstairs at the Spa? Our appointments were for the Salon a& that's downstairs. We looked at each other then asked \"how do we get to the Salon?\" The lady proceeded to tell us that we actually have to go back downstairs, out the door, to valet & turn right. There is a sign that will direct us to the Salon for our manicure and pedicure appointments. We then proceed to retrace our steps back to valet & look for the signs (no sign until you get to the salon door) but followed a walkway that led to the salon. \nOnce arrived to the Salon, the lady was puzzled as to why we were there early and said they can't get to us any sooner & baffled we were early. We assured her it's ok, we know we're early but we can wait. No problem. After a while the lady brought us some magazines to read, which was nice. After a while the same lady was reviewing everyone's appointment seemed really confused. She asked me, \"am I getting gel?\" I told her I wanted shellac polish and not gel or gel nails. She said it's the same thing so they got it. So I shrugged it off, said ok. \nNow it is time for us to have our manicure and pedicure.  Pedicure: The chair was nice but didn't work. The back massagers were broken & didn't operate. The butt massager worked. While I was talking to a friend I look down & my nails were cut super short. The lady didn't ask if I wanted them all trimmed,what length or just filed down. I just trusted the lady to do her job & ask questions when a decision needs to be made. Also she didn't trim my cuticles & seemed rushed to get through this & move to my manicure. There was no massage of my legs or feet (which for a $85 pedicure something should be done & says its included). She was nice but lazy, rough & just not doing her job. \nManicure: I had long nice nails (natural) that had shellac polish on them. I loved it but my cuticles needed trimmed & my nails were getting too long so I said, why not, let's just do it! She took off the shellac & proceeded to grab the nail clippers. I asked her not to use the clippers, just file them down please. She filed them down to a good length but left them very sharp & didn't smooth them out. As I'm talking to a friend, she begins to applying the polish, doing 3 nails before I realized she didn't trim my cuticles, dip my nails or soak them in anything she just proceeded to apply polish which I found very unusual. But since she was in a hurry & a professionally, I figured she might have a different process & she'll do them after. As she continues to apply the polish, I didn't like how opaque the color was,I asked her to do more than one coat. She did 3 coats of the polish gel. I had to keep asking her to get the sides of my nails. She missed them every time because she was in a hurry to finish. Still never got the sides of my nails. I asked many times & even as I left, there were several nails where the sides were bare & had zero polish on them. Also she failed to fully remove the red shellac I had on prior. The light for their gel polish didn't work. She had to keep switching out lights & smacking it to get it to turn on. I was just ready to be finished and move on to spending time with our friends. \nWe go to pay. Lady at the counter starts to check us out & abruptly walks away & is gone for 15 minutes. We have no idea what's going on. She comes back flustered, tells us she's not feeling well,can't check us out & we need to go back to the spa to be checked out. We walk outside, back to the spa, tell them what happened. She seemed puzzled,asked how we liked the facilities or if we want to use the spa more (NO ONE TOLD US WE COULD USE THEIR SPA FOR THE 1.5 hours WE WAITED!) she apologized, called a manager, told us it was $200 for manicure & pedicure. We were SHOCKED! Told her we were not happy with the service, mani & pedi didn't trim cuticles, one lady was telling my friend her future.