Why the quick update? Menu changes, yo. Why the drastic downgrade? Read on.\n\nMy opinion of Arawan was already trending downward after my second visit for lunch. The chicken pad see ew lunch special was underwhelming compared to some pad see ew dishes that I'd had in the past. The protein portion was small, which perhaps I should have taken as a warning because chicken is such a cheap protein, and it was undersauced compared to most restaurants' takes on the dish. The cream cheese dessert wasn't very memorable either. For context on how this changes things numbers-wise, this whole lunch was at best (what some would phrase as) a 3.75 star rating.\n\nI went back to Arawan less than a month after that for lunch. I was very surprised to learn that they'd gotten rid of their $9.95 lunch specials menu and replaced it with a bit of a beast. There are now 21 \"plates\" available weekdays 11am-3pm, in contrast with 10 options on the old menu. Unfortunately, other than the Mixed Vegetable dish ($10), the dishes are all $12-19. I was also shocked that they'd removed the beef panang curry from this section, although to be fair it's still present in another section of the menu.\n\nThe salad was the same, and it was served with the crispy noodles mixed in \/ dressed now instead of placed awkwardly on the side as before. My first disappointment was when I realized that they'd stopped serving the egg drop soup with the lunch special. You may recall from my first review that I loved that soup, and if so, you'll understand my despair.\n\nThen my entree arrived, the Duck Drunken Noodles ($15). Again, it was underwhelming in overall flavor. It's solidly a notch below the dish at another local Thai restaurant that launched my love affair with drunken noodles. The duck portion was frankly pathetic. I know duck isn't the cheapest protein, but the price was higher than baseline dishes, and I only got maybe 3 or 4 pieces of duck meat, and 2 to 3 pieces of skin.\n\nThe \"coffee cake\" dessert was slightly tinier than I'd expected. Good flavor, not too sweet, but somewhat of an afterthought. \n\nI may come back to Arawan for dinner to give them a fair shot at their best dishes and dessert. For now though, I don't envision myself returning for lunch, even if the next closest option for Thai gives me stomachaches (that's Komol, by the way). They just left me with a sour taste.