I came here and stayed Friday-Sunday August 10-12th. It was a positive stay, nothing ground breaking. I definitely rank it as one of the better hotels on the strip but far from the best seeing as how it's not exactly the newest casino on the block anymore. I thought the check in process was a little slow, 4 people tending to a line of 20+ which made for a long wait. \n\nThe food options were good, a lot of fine dining and contemporary options with a lot of good shopping very close, walking distance. The younger crowd is still coming out to stay here but it's not like the Aria\/Cosmo where it's nearly zero people older than 40 and looking for a bargain. Wynn wasn't exactly cheap but it's cheapER than the other two mentioned. \n\nI thought the pool area was nice, pretty large with a lot of seating. I heard there was going to be a DJ on Saturday and assumed that it was going to be a pretty energetic scene but turned out to just be some guy in a sky blue polo playing music from a laptop at medium volume. It was pretty meh. What kind of turned it around for the positive was the fact that a large breasted woman and her friend posted up next to us and let those fun bags fly. Shortly after started making out with her friend (another girl, not so big breasted) and telling my brother how she was looking for a threesome while in Vegas since her husband wasn't there. Not saying you should expect this kind of thing; \"jackpot\" was the first word that popped in to my head. We came back to the pool Sunday too. \n\nThe casino itself was fine, nothing really special or different. The poker room was nice, not as busy as the hey-days of 2008 when we were around the peak of the poker boom. You're not going to see a 5-10 no limit game spread unless it's peak hours Friday or Saturday night and even then it'll be iffy. There may be one table of 2-5 in off peak as well, with 1-3 being pretty much your only choice. It's not exactly a high roller room, but these days the Aria is really the only game in town if you're looking for poker of many flavors. \n\nThe room was ok, the new lighting system features were a little getting used to, but they worked fine once you got through it. ALL OFF by the way also turns off the air conditioning, so don't hit that in the morning unless you want to come back to a hot room. We learned that the hard way. The view from our room was of the Trump and the very end of the strip with the Palazzo squarely in our view of the rest of the strip so that left a lot to be desired. \n\nOverall I'll probably never stay here again but would probably be back to the poker room if I'm close enough. I really liked it over the temporary Venetian room (that's now in the Palazzo) but even that's a long shot since I'll usually be in the Aria and there'd be no reason to leave that room. If you're going to go high end with a casino you're pretty much going to have to go with Cosmo (my personal favorite), Aria or Vdara. Although at those pools I don't remember seeing as many big tittied topless whores so there's that.