I purchased furniture here 2x. I got a Q mattress with box, bed frame, 2 night stands, coffee table with 4 leather chairs, 2 accent plates, and key rack with mirror for 1G. 2nd purchase was for an entertainment center and storage bench for $474. All Coaster furniture. \n\n- Excellent service! Very attentive. Frank was very interested in my business. Bless his heart as he walked with a limp showing off all kinds of furniture. \n- I brought ads from other furniture stores, GROUPON furniture, LV FurnitureOnline, even from their competitor, Furniture World, and they said they can beat any price! Believe me, they did!\n- All my furniture came from the Coaster catalog, except the plates and key rack with mirror. Those were bonus :). Everything BRAND NEW! NOT CLEARANCE.\n- They say the same lines: \"I'm the rep for..\" \"Vendors all over the world come to World Market 2x a year. We pick up what they don't buy.\"\n- Dealing with furniture pricing, you gotta talk to the BOSS. Sales associates will give you a deal, but FRANK will stamp that deal...you know what I'm sayinnnn' \n- NO haggle pricing. But still the Asian in me had to even get a better deal. Haha. \n- 1st order, delivery was swift! Order on Tuesday. Got it on Friday evening. They promised Thursday, but eh, they were accommodating. \n- 2nd order, also pretty quick. Ordered Friday morning. Furniture came Sunday. Delivery on Tuesday! what what! Coaster furniture is somewhere in SoCal. Delivery time.\n- Didn't have to pay for Delivery fee 2x! $65 delivery and furniture installation. \n- On the 2nd order, bc I got such a great deal, they didn't want to install the furniture so were gonna charge me $45. I said no. Then an hour later, they said we'll do the entertainment for $20. Okay! \n- Hector came to deliver and I had to help bring up my OWN furniture. Guy had a swollen leg. Poor guy. Poor me. \n- Anyway, John was great. Terri was cool. Scott was nice. Great place. Wouldn't go anywhere else. Big's Furniture sells Coaster, too at a rip off price! Definitely shop around before you make a decision. There's plenty to chose from around here.