I have waited 3 very long years to write this review, as I wanted to conduct very thorough research. This is the one and only review on Peixoto Coffee (redefining coffee) you will EVER have to read. \n\nMy journey with Peixoto began during their first week of being open. I was a big fan of specialty coffee, but would always have to venture out to Phoenix to get my fix, so naturally when I found out that Peixoto was opening in Downtown Chandler, I was lit. I remember being greeted by smiling faces, being impressed by the decor, and that first taste of cascara *ahhhh refreshing*. \n\nThroughout my years of research I can confidentially say that Peixoto Coffee is THE best coffee shop and you will NEVER find anything like it anywhere else. The vibe, the people, the drinks... they are all so unique. Stepping into Peixoto is truly a different experience than just your average coffee shop. \n\nFirst of all, THE DRINKS. Whether you choose an espresso beverage, their famous cold brew on tap, a pour over, or a locally sourced tea you can tell that each drink was METICULOUSLY thought out. The quality of every drink is consistent and you can tell that they put a lot of effort into each drink. Their syrups are handmade in house (so if you get a vanilla latte and see little black specks... those are vanilla beans.. very rare.. I know... since everyone else uses gross artificial vanilla). All other ingredients are sourced locally from their milk used in lattes to the honey used to sweeten your teas. Although sourcing locally can at times be difficult and pricier, these people put in the work to make it possible! Peixoto is part of their local community and that is very apparent. You will not find any sweet n low here but if you actually try the coffee before drowning it in artificial gunk you will see that there is NO need for additional add ins. buttt if you still feel the need to add in something there is half & half, stevia in the raw, sugar in the raw, and a simple syrup for you to personally add in to your tasting. Also, no getting bored of drinks here! Every season they have a CRAZY BOMB seasonal menu. Everyone loves their summer time coco cold brew, but my personal fav is the espresso tonic!!! They have rotating flavors on tap and I have never tried anything else like it. (Shoutout Kimhak the mastermind behind most of these crazy combos). They are constantly pushing the limits, being basic is not in Peixoto's vocabulary.\n\nSecond, THE COFFEE. Bro. If you haven't heard Peixoto literally GROWS their own coffee. Yup, the coffee used in all espresso beverages, on the shelves, in pour overs, and on drip is allllllll Peixoto grown. Julia, the wife in the husband and wife duo behind Peixoto Coffee, is part of a coffee growing family. Her dad currently still runs their coffee farm in Brazil. He grows it, it gets shipped over to Chandler, it's then roasted in shop, and served to the lovely people of AZ (and shipped out nation-wide holllaaahhh peixotocoffee.com\/shop). Every year Julia and Jeff spend like 3 months in Brazil on the farm, working on new lots to bring into the shop that are unlike anything you have tried before. WHAT OTHER COFFEE SHOP OWNERS DO YOU KNOW THAT LITERALLY COME IN CONTACT WITH THE BEANS THEY SERVE?? They do have other high quality coffees on the shelves and on bar that come from different regions, and are always bringing in new exciting coffees (if you were subscribed to their newsletter you would know.. duh...) Yes some drinks can sometimes get a tad \"pricey\" but you have to take into account that they are SUSTAINABLE AS HECK and SUPPORT LOCAL as much as possible. Not many places pay a fair price to their farmers for their coffee... but Peixoto makes that a priority. They recently got these new hay straws to replace plastic straws, showing that it definitely is possible to reduce waste as a business and make customers happy!\n\nThird, THE PEOPLE. I would say the humans of peixoto are a huge reason why people keep coming back. They are always down to share more about coffee with you and to answer any questions. The more you go in, the more you see the same faces. It begins to feel like its own little community inside Peixoto. I have never met such personable and genuine baristas in my life! Everyone who works there truly cares about the image of Peixoto and they are constantly quality checking their beverages and thinking of new exciting ideas to implement in shop. Everyone on their team is so talented and really contributes in their own way to make Peixoto the way it is. It is rare to find owners who are 100% involved in their business day-to-day, but Julia and Jeff definitely are! They are in the shop everyday and you can tell how much hard work they put in. \n\nI could literally keep going on and on about Peixoto. From their stylish decor, to how you can literally see them roasting the coffee everyday, to how they host awesome events such as latte art throw downs. Basically if you haven't gone, GO NOW.