Being a Bachelorette rocks. Free drinks, free entry to clubs, everyone smiling at you and congratulating you. So that's why I hang out with so many of them... to reap the benefits, over and over. \n\nSocial House did not disappoint! The evening couldn't have had a better start for our Bachelorette Party escapades. No longer located at Treasure Island, we were able to catch Social House during the first week of it's reopening in the swanky City Center next to Aria. The Manager stopped by our table to congratulate the beautiful bride-to-be and to offer shots for the table since we had the honor of being their first Bachelorette Party in their new location. Whoo! \n\nDonning pink tiaras, pink feather boas, and hoochie dresses, our six-pack of chicks got the party started knocking back choice cocktails and fancy sakes. Our super helpful waiter had tremendous patience explaining the menu to our drunk asses. We choose an assortment of sushi rolls, one of my favorites being the Crispy Kalbi Beef Roll. I was also digging the Sesame Kelp Salad. \n\nThe specialty cocktails were eclectic and worldly, but I think next time I'll stay Asian instead of delving into the South American... their Pisco Sour 2.0 was interesting but I still prefer the traditional version over their take with hibiscus syrup. The Red Champagne was delicious, especially if you like sweet and bubbly. The winner of the night was the sparkling blueberry sake by the name of Star Rabbit. It came in a little blue bottle with a hot pink label... delicious and a perfect fit for the theme of the night. I think we killed about 3 bottles of that stuff. \n\nSince we couldn't bring ourselves to leave, we decided to order dessert as well. The Milk Chocolate Cake was a hit with the table, but the Coco-Nuts a bit too out there for our palates. Also, an arrangement of chocolate truffles was sent out to our party which ensured that we left with full bellies. \n\nAfter passing out \"Hottest Jawline\" and \"Nicest Eyes\" stickers to our waiter, other waiters, the manager, and busboy, we left Social House and continued on elsewhere with our Bachelorette festivities. Not without a quick romp in the fountain outside Aria... watch out for those Star Rabbits!!!