Patty's is a small farm stand located across the street from St. Margaret's hospital in Aspinwall. I have kind of a love-hate relationship with this place. On one hand, they offer fresh produce at reasonable prices, which is great. Not many organics, but tons of local stuff. However, occasionally I've gotten rotten fruits and veggies here. Case in point, one time this past summer I bought like 8 clamshells of strawberries here because they had a killer price. Got them home only to find mold in Every.Single.One. GRRR! So don't be an idiot like me, make sure you check the stuff before you buy it.\n\nThey also sell seasonal garden\/outdoor things like flowers, pumpkins, and Christmas trees. This is where I really get a bee in my bonnet, because many of  these items are so damn expensive. I bought a plastic hanging flower basket here over the summer that was nice, but pretty basic, and I almost had a heart attack at the cash register when they charged me $40 (the same item at Home Depot was $19.95). This year we thought it would be nice to get our Christmas tree at Patty's (I'd just as soon buy a fake tree, but my husband insists on a real one every year). So we stopped by to pick out a tree (a small six footer), and they quoted us a price of $80. EIGHTY FREAKING DOLLARS for a small tree. Maybe the tree has famous parents or something, but sorry Patty's, ain't gonna happen. We couldn't stomach paying that much, so we instead went to Home Depot and got the EXACT SAME TYPE OF TREE for $44. I don't mind paying a small premium for items to support local businesses, particularly when those items are of higher quality than at other stores, but charging nearly double for the same stuff makes it really hard for me to justify shopping there.\n\nSo anyway, yeah, Patty's is definitely hit or miss depending on what you buy there, so caveat emptor. \n\nThey take credit cards, but I believe there is a $10 minimum. Open most of the year, except for a couple of months in the winter (they close right after Christmas and reopen in March).\n\nLastly, they offer free bibles for the taking. So if you find yourself in need of produce AND Jesus, there's that.