My experience may sound entertaining. It's my 1st visit and I certainly will not be back again. I happened to \"coincidentally\" see many bad things in one visit:\n\n1. I went to Bike Chain to true my wheels use their wheel truing stands, and I did not need a bike stand. The volunteers did not allow me to use a vacant wheel truing stand due to store policy. Fine, I waited until a bike stand frees up so it's my turn.\n\n2. After a bike stand frees up, I was allowed to true my wheels on the wheel truing stand. Now, the bike stand to my use is vacant, so I told the next person in line to go ahead and repair his bike on the bike stand as I'm not using it. However, the store staff stopped him according to \"store policy\" because it's my turn. All these people had to wait in line while my bike stands sits vacant because \"I'm using it\" while I'm not.\n\n3. A girl was at the wheel stand next to me didn't know how to true her wheel. Seeing that her wheel wobbles like a Pringle's chip, I asked if she's doing okay. She told me she spent 3 hours truing her wheel at Bike Chain the previous day and 1 hour today. In front of my own eyes, she asked the staff for help again, and after some observation the staff told her to un-tighten all her spokes and start all over! It became clear to me that the staff had no clue how to fix her problem. I figured that she shouldn't be spending more than 30 minutes if she knew how to do it, so at that point I started truing her wheel for her and explaining what I'm doing.\n\nThen comes the fun part: The staff got upset that I'm doing her job and made her look incompetent, and told me I'm not a staff thus have no permission to help others. I told the staff I used to be a bike mechanic for years. Next, staff turned to the girl saying I have \"no experience or training\" so it's dangerous to have me fix her wheel. After seeing that I trued my own wheels in minutes, Girl told her she trusts what I'm doing. The staff went furious, yelling that if I don't stop helping the girl she'll kick me out of the shop. I asked her what is the purpose of Bike Chain, is it not helping others? She says I'm doing it FOR the girl so she can't learn from it. I asked, the girl already spent 4 hours experimenting on her own, where is the help that YOU should have given? Am I hurting your ego now I'm showing her how to fix her bike? staff brings up the lame \"store policy\" again as her defence, and threatened to kick me out. Fortunately, at this point the girl already understood how I trued her wheel, and completed to true her wheel into perfect alignment on her own in about 20min.\n\n4. Soon after the heated argument between me and the staff, another customer walked in asking for a wrench to tighten a bolt. The staff disapproved and asked him to wait in line for a bike stand according to store policy, which may take 2 hours. The confused customer questioned whether it's necessary to wait for 2 hours just to use a wrench for 1min, and offered to place a $30 deposit for using the wrench. the staff rejected him again in rude manner. Disappointed, the customer said \"this is extreme bureaucracy\" and left.\n\nI have my fair share of experience working at various bike shops and volunteering at DIY shops over the years, I have yet to see another place allowing such unprofessional, rude and bureaucratic people to be staff members.