Abandon Ship!\nAs an avid seaman, I'd like to see this vessel and its owner walk the plank. I traveled three thousand nautical miles to get squiffy and sing some shanteys with my mates, with the Implication that our needs would be met by the Ragin' Uptown party company. Avast, our needs were knot met by the company's angry owner and his team of scalleywags.\nWe had three buses to take us to port, one of which had no air conditioning. Spending over an hour with nothing to drink on a 95 degree day is not only not ragin', it's an invitation for a case of scurvy. In addition, the bus captain couldn't even find his bearings, and we found ourselves marooned in the North Carolina countryside, further extending our unfortunate period of non-ragin' and erasing my afternoon grog blossom. The owner refused to refund any of our hard-earned doubloons for our trouble and treated us as though it were our fault the bus driver was lacking in binnacle. Bad form!\nFinally dockside, I was met by a duo of very large men who tried to blow me down as if I were about to brandish my cutlass once on deck. I even felt a hand brush across my cat-o-nine-tails. \nOnce we set sail, I hung my jib again as I saw the incompetent and uncaring bartenders, making me wait an hour at the bar before handing out warm brews with the speed and attitude of cabin boys fighting their first bout of seasickness. How were my fellow seamen supposed to get our due swill with all these delays? I couldn't fathom such an inefficient organization, and I often travel by boat in an era of cheap air travel and $2 gasoline.\nSince I can't give these hornswagglers zero stars, I will recognize the crew, some of whom were very friendly, as deserving of a star. \nThe cantankerous bargemaster could not have tried harder to deliver a broadside to us and deep six our fun; luckily these swashbucklers still knew how to parrrty. Until Ragin' Uptown gets its ship together, I would recommend sending this company to Davy Jones's locker!