\"I am one-star yelping the SHIT out of this place!!\"\n\nI knew this wasn't a good buffet. But a friend really wanted to try it. I don't think I ever need to go back.\n\nSERVICE - I'm sorry, but piss-poor. The cashiers are the type of people whom you can tell hate their jobs and hate life. Answering \"I don't know\" to basic questions about hours or champagne offerings, just to be lazy, when clearly, they do know. We waited 5 minutes for the dinner buffet, and asked for champagne. We told the woman that's why we waited 5 minutes. We were charged, got our bracelets, and went inside, only to be told that we had only been charged for the regular buffet. So we had to go back outside, pay more, and wait for a manager to come and re-do the transaction. After the manager charged my friend and her boyfriend, the cashier let her go, forgetting that I had the same problem too. So we had to wait for her again. It seriously took us 20-30 minutes just to get in. And there was no line.\n\nFOOD - It's buffet food, so I'm not sure what new I could say here. It looks like an expansive buffet, but the main buffet counter that runs the length of the restaurant is just a mirror image of the one on the other side. The guacamole was completely frozen. Yes, frozen. It was a large ball where the fresh guac had been scraped away by other diners, leaving the ice. Dumplings and sushi were horrible, but I'm sure you already knew that before reading this review. Some of the food was enjoyable and decent, which is why most people who come to this buffet are probably drunk. The pastas, orange chicken, and desserts weren't bad. \n\nDRINKS: We paid for the all-you-can-drink champagne, an extra $8. The \"bar\" was a small counter in the front of the restaurant, serving wine and beer. To get champagne, we had to go to the counter and pick up a tiny, nearly shot-sized glass of it. For $8 and for such an inconvenient system, we began either pouring it into our water glasses, or finishing it as we got food so that we could be served more. I bought two bottles of wine for our table for $12 each, which wasn't a bad deal. They must rip people off on the champagne to encourage them to buy bottles of wine. \n\nNot really any redeeming qualities for this buffet, whatsover. Stick with the Spice Market or the Carnival buffets; you'll save money, have better food, and be happier.