Spirit Airlines is the best airline I've ever flown! I wish I could give it 10 stars! I'm not stupid, I'm not insane, I just know how to travel cheap, from point A to point B, and save a whole lot of money. I originally began flying Spirit in late 2011 from OAK-LAS and back several times a year. Ever since I began flying Spirit, I've had wonderful flights, all on time, never delayed or cancelled, I've had the kindest crew, and great comfort. \n\nDO NOT be fooled by other reviews where people say \"Don't fly Spirit; hidden fees\" where those users have only taken the airline once or twice, and have never read the fine print about what this airline does for it's customers. This airline does charge for both carry on and checked baggage, however Spirit allows you to put 1 small bag underneath the seat in front of you for free. Also, DO NOT try and sneak your bags through security thinking you'll get it on for free, they will charge you $100 at the gate-I've seen it, and I've seen people get rejected from boarding the flight because they didn't have $100 to pay the fee. Save yourself time and money by booking ahead of time. If you're smart, you may be in the $9 fare club like myself and gain instant access to discount bag fees and discount flights. It's one of the reasons I love this airline and why I fly so cheap. The most I ever paid for a roundtrip flight was $120 from Oakland to Las Vegas two days before the departure date. I didn't have any bags, I didn't select my seats, therefore, I paid the fare that I saw at the bottom. There are no hidden fees unless you're stupid to believe that being charged for baggage is a hidden fee. Also, they do charge for snacks (they give unlimited free refills for coffee and tea)-if you have a problem with that, fly for another airline. Spirit is meant to be a budget airline, and be thankful for flying!\n\nThroughout 2012, and just in 2013, I've been taking Spirit back and forth between Las Vegas and Oakland. Spirit has provided the cheapest fares with at least $100 in savings compared to different airlines, or airports. My flights, which are sometimes purchased at the last minute, end up costing me anywhere from $27-$60. My most recent flight cost me $27 and was purchased 30 hours before my flight left. Be sure to keep an eye out for their fares as they sometimes rise or lower as the days go on. If you're traveling without bags, and you're not selecting your seat, THE PRICE YOU SEE IS THE PRICE YOU PAY. Once you're at the airport, you can choose any seats free of charge, unless it's a Big Front Seat-then you'll have to pay a fee. The BFS are EXACTLY like business class of any other airline-It's like American, Delta or Airtran for Example. It's a 2x2 seat configuration with a little more recline than economy, and more legroom. Trust me. I tend to book BFS because I'm over 6 feet, and like to spread out like everyone else. The seats are HEAVENLY! Especially the brand new airbuses that just came out with leather seats! Even the cramped up seats towards the back are nice-you just have to spend a few minutes adjusting and you'll be fine.\n\nSpirit is a wonderful airline. I love flying with them, and always look at their fares before looking at other airlines. The crew is always a delight to be around, the flights always leave on time and tend to arrive a bit early. Despite their rules about charging for bags, or snacks, they're a great airline. Even Virgin Australia and Virgin America charges for snacks and checked baggage, so why complain? Just remember to read the fine print about bag and seat fees, book in advance and save money, and if you're tall like myself, get youself a good seat. This IS a budget airline. :)\n\nHashtag #SpiritAirlines on Instagram and you'll see some of my pictures of what you're going to get. Feel free to message me with any questions.