I REALLY REALLY liked these guys here. I've been going here for quite sometime now. The past 3 trips I've made weren't all that too great though. These trips were between 3-4 months. I have to do a 4th trip. Which, btw, the issue was an expensive issue. \n\n The great thing about the place is the wonderful customer service. I always feel good when I come in. Maybe they're convincing? I don't know, but they did so well with my car before. One guy at one point even took me to the garage and showed me the issue. I've been working so much recently and leaving town that it's hard to keep going to the shop, and I shouldn't! Especially spending some dinero, yanno? \n\nMy car was making clicking sounds when I turn right, and my breaks would grind, but the grinding comes and go's. Especially when going down hill or breaking quickly. Scares me. I love going to Mount Charleston and California, and those two places have steep hills\/roads. \n\nLast night seemed like they went over the top. The guy told me they took everything apart that they've fixed and saw some defected part they put in last time. I was happy they finally found the issue after the 3rd trip! I was finally going to drive my car without being so cautious about sharp turns I have to make. After leaving my car at the shop for about 6hrs, I finally got my love back. They told me my rear breaks were gone, so I hope that kills the grinding (even though the past couple trips back to the shop, they said everything was peachy! Which, the last trip was last month, I believe.) Unfortunately, I went to work this morning and there and behold the clicking sound I was dreading for so long. Slightly less, but still there. The grinding seemed to have stopped, but I haven't driven too much to see if its still there. I live down the street from the place, so my drive was short. Work is only 6-10mins away. Still too short of a distance. \n\nI feel like the old screw was just screwed in tighter instead of replacing it with a new screw. Maybe its a different part they can't figure out? \n\nI'm not giving anything lower than 3 stars because they've done me well in the past, and the customer service was really good. I just hope when I come back, they find the issue or I'll be forced to go somewhere else...and I've already spent a couple thousand on just maintenance\/replacing parts from keeping my car from becoming a wreck within the year.