Purolator \"delivery service\" is a joke. I ordered a couple shirts online and the company sent them via Purolator. The first time they claimed to deliver the package, I apparently wasn't home. Fair enough; I work 9am-6pm. But, they didn't even leave a notice. I later received an automated phone message stating my package was available for pick up at their depot at 800 Kipling Ave. I wouldn't have had the shirts delivered if I wanted to book it all the way out to Etobicoke by TTC. So I rescheduled a second delivery, but this time had them deliver it to my boyfriend's house, as I knew he would be home. He was home all day. ALL DAY. They must not have delivered it, because he said no one called, knocked, or buzzed the house ALL DAY. Then later, he received an automated phone call (proving they did have his number), except he picked it up and wasn't able to write down the new tracking number. That's right, the NEW ONE. They don't even keep the same number attached to the same package. Maybe this is why they're so terrible; they confuse even themselves.\n\nBut wait; there's more! So the next morning before work, I contacted customer service to figure out the new tracking number\/where my package was. It took almost an hour, because the agent wouldn't look for it, saying they \"don't look up packages by names or phone numbers\". WTF. My package would have my name on it. I realize the lack of tracking number could probably be a pain in the ass, but this is what happens when you don't even get a real person to leave the message. It's not like you can ask an automated message to repeat the number, and I don't know about you, but I don't carry around a notepad and pen at all times.\n\nSo, I gave the agent the old tracking number. She couldn't even look up the package by the old tracking number. Shouldn't the two numbers be connected?!\n\nAlmost 1 hour later we had found out my package was, yet again, available for pick-up at 800 Kipling. So, I scheduled ANOTHER delivery for 2 days later. It didn't come. The bf was at work, but his roommate was home and lo and behold, he never heard a knock or buzz either! \n\nSo here I am, a weekend later, needing to go pick it up myself. I guess I'll have to fork over the money for a cab. Lame.\n\nDo not use this delivery service. It is absolutely terrible.