I have been eyeing this place for sometime or should say every wednesday night on my way to the rink I do. The name peak my interest. Yelper Suzy H planning on checking it out asked if wanted to tag along. Always down for trying the newest food spots in Vegas plus eating with someone else always makes the meal more enjoyable. Yelp style not just one dish but multiple dishes share family style. We ordered few things for lunch. \n\nWe started with some Spicy Corn Fritters. I was pleasantly surprise. I thinking just be more normal jalapeño popper deep fry no big deal. They had so much more depth with the corn batter and just right amount of heat from the diced jalapeños. Fried nice golden brown. Moist. Not sure the sauce came with but honestly spicy corn fritters addicting by itself. I tried the sauce nothing memorable the once had one really addicting not stop. \n\nThe Three piece chicken and waffles. Really average at best. The thing that never worked for me was the the breading dipped the chicken in. The chicken on the inside was cooked perfectly through nice and moist. The portion size of the chicken is awesome. Just fried chicken is only AS goos as the breading. It just never did anything for me compare to other fried chicken spots around Vegas. I felt like heavy breading or not light breading. Bite into it not  as crispy. The waffles talk about dense. Waffles were so dense nothing fluffy about them. Me that turn off. They cooked nice golden brown on the outside. \n\nThe side of cornbread was ok. The size was huge. No way getting cheated on side of cornbread that for sure. \n\nThe pineapple upside down pancake. By far was the best part of lunch. The combination is something unique. I loved it. The pancakes was nice fluffy just the way like my pancakes or waffles. The flavor was insane. It really tasted with dessert just in pancake form. There was ample amount of pineapples on top and in the batter. Not over the top that all you taste. Best way describe it really kick ass pineapple upside down cake just in another form. No need for syrup. The pancake has that much flavor. Oreo and Red Velvet that soooo on radar next visit. \n\nThe service was without doubt FIVE star. We came on soft opening or should say second day open to the public. The full menu still not gone into effect. Our server forget her name was awesome. We even asked moved different table cause ordered  lot of food for two. Never makes for good pictures with natural light all up in your pics. LOL. Not only our server every came contact with walks past was friendly, attentive, looking feedback on the food, and great service. The decor like the whole chicken all over the place from statues or artwork. It gives Lo-Lo personality.