I've been wanting to try this place out since they opened. I attempted one time to go and order some dinner to take home but they don't let you order to go which means I would really never get to come here often because they're closed Tuesday and they close at 6pm on operating days.\n\nSo I was able to pick anywhere I wanted to for Mother's Day and TMV was the first thing that came to mind! I was so looking forward to trying it and my daughter and I got dressed up and to go eat.\n\nWhen you walk in the place is nice and clean the hostess was nice sat us down and our server came over to take our order. I always order my daughters food first even if I'm not ready to order and all she wanted was a order of fries with cheese. The server said (the cheese is vegan) is that ok?! What!!? This is a vegan restaurant so would hope the cheese was vegan. So she puts in her order then we put in 2 more orders and while we waited we got served the smallest cups of warm water. \nSo our first order comes out, not my daughters order so we don't eat until all of us have our food.\nWe told someone we were waiting for my daughters fries with cheese and they still came out with our other order plus appetizer and not my daughters food. So we told them once again our daughter doesn't have her food so we're waiting to eat.\n\nThen a server finally brings out her order and says it's way too hot and sorry they didn't know it was for a child! Even after making it very clear and my daughter is the one that asked for it. By this time I was not happy with the service I could understand if it was super busy but that was not the case.\n\nThe food was alright not what I thought it would be my coleslaw had no flavor and my other food was already cold from waiting so long. \nSo I asked for my food to go.\n\nOne more thing I want to add is 11$ for 3 jalapeño poppers to me is a little much! I never complain about prices especially if the food is good in this case it wasn't worth the price.\n\nI was really disappointed all around and don't think I'll go back which is a bummer because I love to support our local vegan businesses. \nThis was just a no for me.