I've been here half a dozen times overall and it's very good, but I struggle with giving them five stars after hitting their competition a mile down the road at Via Brasil last month. \n\nWHAT'S GREAT?\n\nThe service...it's almost too good. They are always asking how you are doing, like literally 20 times per sitting. This weekend when I saw a server approach me with no meat, I asked them how they were doing before they could ask me...it got comical. The gauchos (servers) remember specifically how you like your meat and always come up ready to cut me some rare. Also, I always sit down and request to have the following: mint jelly, horseradish sauce, orange Brazilian steak sauce and chimichurri. Without fail, all 4 sauces come to my table in little bowls with spoons within minutes and I'm off to the races. \n\nThe papaya cream dessert is insanely good.\n\nThey always have $25 off discounts on their facebook page or sent to my email during certain times of the year and the small print even allows you to use multiple discounts at the same table occasionally. $50 for two? Total? Sign me up.\n\nIt's a small dining room so you don't feel like you are in a factory where they are pushing you out to clear your table for the next guests, (Hello, Texas de Brasil).\n\nWHAT'S NOT SO GREAT?\n\nThe salad bar is lacking...I miss the cocktail shrimp of Texas de Brazil, the lobster bisque of Via Brasil and Texas de Brasil. I definitely miss the beef carpaccio of Texas de Brasil and the melted mozzarella\/oregano they have at Via Brasil. They do have a peppered applewood smoked bacon which is excellent, but I'll take beef carpaccio over bacon any day.\n\nThe meat is very good but not in the great category...by no means is it pampas planet hollywood bad but I think my recent 5-star experience at Via Brasil opened my eyes comparatively. \n\nMaybe this is great? They keep messing up the pao de queso (cheese bread) time and time again (and it is something to avoid when you hit a Brazilian steakhouse), but when it's hot and fresh, it's impossible to resist. Of the 6 times I've come here, twice they've totally forgotten it and I didn't ask, because hey, more space for meat. The other three times it was rock hard, cold and made hours prior, easy to avoid. One time they got it right and it got a hold of me like spiderman turning into the black suited spiderman. Get it off me. \n\nOverall, I've never walked out disappointed, leaning more towards stomach pains and disorientation. The service is great, the food is very good and I highly recommend a visit.