This gym is pretty rundown considering it is supposed to be a Super Sport and costs about $10 more a month than a normal club and has a higher orientation fee.  Fortunately I got in through a class action lawsuit so I pay the lower rate for normal clubs.  The only real benefit I see compared to the other clubs is towel service.\n\nThere are some cardio machines with their own TVs but not all of them have it.  You can use the other machines to watch the bigger TVs posted around the gym but then you can't change the channel on a whim.  It's never been so crowded that you can't get a cardio machine in my experience.\n\nThe pool is ok but it is narrow and not olympic. It can be a little creepy during the day.  Occasionally, some people have set up lawn chairs and watched us all swim, which was a little weird.  There is a whirlpool, sauna, and steam room near the pool, all coed.  People will get in and out of these things for hours on end, looking ill and close to passing out.  Some appear to be fighters trying to drop weight, others just seem to be punishing themselves.\n\nThere is day care, a basketball court, squash courts, and a juice bar.  The juice bar is rarely staffed so if you want something, they have to call over the loudspeaker to get someone to staff it, which is funny.  The whole gym knows someone wants a smoothie.  \n\nAlso, Summerlin parents apparently have enough money to buy their kids a membership and they just drop them off here which is pretty annoying.  Lots of kids running around and screwing around on the weight machines.\n\nOne interesting feature is the ability to scan your fingerprint to get into the gym.  Personally, I've never had this technology work properly with my computer and I doubt the technology is any different here so I don't do it.  But if you don't like carrying around a card, go for it.  I think you put in your phone number or something if the fingerprint thing doesn't work.\n\nIf you decide to join an active or \"non-super\" sport 24 Hour Fitness for cheaper, keep in mind that the company has been busy doing remodels of the clubs and changing them into Super Sports.  I don't know if they are nice and grandfather in previous members but definitely ask about it before getting a membership.  Because it would suck to join a gym and then find out you have to pay more all of sudden because they did a remodel. \n\nThe recently remodeled location at Rainbow and Alta is a nicer Super Sport than this location, but still not worth the extra cost in my opinion.