\"Oh lord be merciful deliever me from my sins and this level 5 hangover.\"  Basically describes the state that I was in following a night at this place.  \n\nI was in Vegas for the first time for my cousins bachelor party (don't ask for any more details than I post here because that would be violating Section 7 Paragraph 2 of the Man Code), and we had the penthouse suite at the Palms.  With a room like that booked we naturally had no problem in aquiring a table at the Moon bar.  I had no idea what to expect, seriously this place was just what the Dr. ordered.\n\nI LOVED this place.  Maybe it was because of the artful layout, the incredible view, the service (hey you order 8 bottles at a VIP table your getting the good treatment),  the fact that I could stand with a scotch in one hand and a Cohiba cigar in the other and not be forced outside like some hyperactive leper, or the aforementioned 8 bottles of top shelf liquor.\n\nJust to mention the level of service you get in this place.  Upon entering the bar we were shown to our upstairs table, I immediatly had to use the gentleman's room.  Now its dark in this place, and I am near special olympics drunk.  I asked the bar back by the table where the can was, probably noticing the look of urgency on my face he turned on his little flashlight and told me to follow him.  Thank what ever diety you pray to for this guy, not only did he show me where the bathroom was, he plowed through everyone clearing a lane for me on the way there.  I would have never made it if it weren't for that guy.  Oh and I almost forgot when, later in the night when I lost the ability to control the volume of my voice or the rampant nonsense that comes out of it, I remarked that there were definatly not enough women at the table (there were 7, and I was being sarcastic I thought), the same bar back hears this, dissapears only to return what seemed like 20 min later with 3 random girls he found downstairs.  Although I had been kidding, you got to give this guy an A for effort and an A for customer service. He definatly earned the $100 i gave him.....lol.\n\nOk bathroom humor aside.  This place was a blast, awesome music, the other patrons were suprisingly friendly and sociable with everyone around them (was expecting this to be the place that you tend to socialize only with the group your with).  I highly recommed this place to anyone and everyone, though I do suggest calling ahead and reserving a table with bottle service as it looked like the bars were perpetually packed.  Oh and it tends to get a bit expensive, but then again who the F*&K goes to Vegas to save money?\n\nMy night here reminded me of the old adage: \"Let us have wine, women, mirth and laughter.  Sermons and soda water the day after.\"