Can't say I've got much to complain about regarding my recent stay here. Personally, I couldn't care less about my hotel room in Vegas; I'm not here to spend any time in it. As long as it's clean, well-presented and isn't a rundown shithole akin to Circus Circus, anything will do. I booked an online deal for $49\/night. That was attractive. What wasn't attractive were the room fees which are added onto your bill involuntarily. I think they charged me something like $16\/day for wi-fi access (which I didn't use), pool access (which I used once), fitness center access (which I didn't use), and a few other amenities which, you guessed it, I didn't use. I would prefer these were available to guests a la carte since I didn't plan to employ most of them. \n\nThe rooms are nice, but far from decadent. I paid about $40 extra to get a \"strip view\" room. Unfortunately, they didn't mention that the strip I'd be viewing was the strip mall across the street. The angle of my window left me with an obscured view of the MGM Grand and the ginormous condo tower next door. As I hadn't been here before, I had no idea that my view would suck as much as it did. So, though the cheap upgrade might seem worthwhile, I assure you it is not. \n\nI had heard from a friend that the walls are thin here. I didn't hear any moans or groans, but the fact that I can hear the person on either side flushing their toilet didn't jive with me too well. I don't need an audible confirmation everytime my neighbor takes a dump. \n\nParking was great here. Got a spot on the 2nd level, which leads to the lobby, with ease. And it's free. Can't beat that. \n\nThe pool here is grossly oversold on their website, though. The \"regular\" pool is oddly-shaped, small and crowded. The lazy river is more like a crowded stream. And the wave generator pool is about half the size of the one at Wild Rivers and, yep, crowded. Even worse, the lounge chairs are practically stacked on top of each other, and finding a seat that doesn't appear to be claimed by an anonymous towel is nigh impossible. We just brushed a couple off and snagged some seats. There's a pool bar, but bring plenty of lube because you'll be brutally raped by prices. \n\nI'd stay here again, but only if I can continue to get good deals on their rooms. The free parking and ease of check-in were about the only things that really mattered to me. I don't like that it's so high up on the strip, but for the price I suppose the brisk walk down to the middle is worth it.