I was on business last week in Scottsdale and decided to check out Amy's. I had heard quite a bit about the restaurant, given the headlines a few months ago and decided to see the place for my own eyes. And so, I stopped in for lunch, which is after 11 AM.\n\nUpon entering the restaurant, there is a light mist that sprays from above the doors and around the front patio. The door was open, and you can hear nice and mellow music (I was told by the hostess that it was from Pandora Radio) that radiated from the inside. The lunch hour wasn't very busy at this time (on a Tuesday and close to 2 PM) yet you can't help notice the upscale decor from within. The hostess mentioned that I could sit anywhere, so I chose to sit at a table with two chairs next to a wall that had a framed thank you letter from former US President George W. Bush (thanking Sammy for his contributions to the 2004 campaign) and another picture of the owners, Sammy & Amy Bouzaglo.\n\nAfter the hostess gave me a menu and asked for my drink order, I was welcomed by the owner, Sammy. Dressed in all black attire, Sammy welcomed me to the establishment and asked what I would like to order, to which I mentioned that I've heard of the Bleu Ribbon burger yet would prefer the basic burger made medium well. Sammy complimented me by saying \"excellent choice\" and mentioned that this burger (without the mushrooms) was still nonetheless very juicy and maintained its flavor. The burger was priced at $12, and he noted that it came with a side of french fries as well as a salad. I mentioned that this sounded great, considering that I wanted a good meal yet not too filling. \n\nThere was probably a 10-12 minute wait for the burger entree, which was expected. After being served the entree with a tall glass of Coca-Cola, Sammy asked if I needed anything else. I usually have mustard on my french fries (due to a slight aversion to ketchup), and requested such from Sammy. He noted that he would go back to the kitchen and get some for me. A funny moment occurred when Amy, who was near the kitchen door, heard my side order request. Even from my table, I could here her say \"He wants mustard with his fries? OMG!\" It was okay that she mentioned it, to which I appreciated her attention for the moment. I even snickered about it for a second. A minute later, the hostess returned with a small cup full of dijon mustard.\n\nThe food itself was superb and frankly, exceeded my expectations. The burger was HUGE! The bun was well-proportioned with the burger, as well as the burger was with quality meat. Not to extrapolate anything, but I think that Amy's burger was right up there with In&Out's burgers, and that says something. The flavoring was absolutely superb when cooked medium-well. The salad that was with the entree had a light proportion of oil (cannot tell you which oil), and the fries were somewhat unique. The fries had my attention for a few moments because they had a light sprinkle of cayenne pepper. Although not McDonald's fries, Amy's fries were unique and were actually pretty tasty. \n\nAfter I finished my burger, fries and Coca-Cola, I was completely relaxed. The music and ambiance on the inside of the restaurant was really soothing. Sammy, who was seated at a table with another customer closest to the open front door, would check on me to see if everything was okay. After inviting me to chill out and drink a second glass of Coca-Cola, Sammy asked if I wanted to try a dessert. I contemplated this, yet was so satisfied with the meal that I had to decline. Yet I was curious enough to walk up to the dessert case and notice an incredible assortment of cakes and pies. All of which, looked remarkably appetizing.\n\nAs my departure grew near, I took in everything that I witnessed and experienced with great appreciation. I was able to see Amy a couple of times yet didn't get a chance to speak with her (she was very busy in the kitchen). The hostess was nice and cordial yet also did other tasks, such as bring out drink orders and other things. \n\nYet clearly, the one that was all over the place was Sammy. The man seemed to do everything in the front area, from answering the phone, placing an order with a vendor, and in taking entree orders. One thing that I noticed was that Sammy will take your order without even writing it down, which I thought was pretty cool. After complimented the entree made by Amy and thanking him for it, he complimented me in return very graciously and to my appreciation.\n\nAltogether, I appreciated the staff of Amy's Baking Company for their attention and hospitality in making me feel welcome within this establishment. I will certainly return the next time that I am in Scottsdale. 5 stars.