I have had the most unpleasant experience since I switched to this dentist office. And while the staff are friendly it is far outweighed by the numerous other frustrations I have encountered. I went in for an exam and cleaning and they told me I needed two fillings.  So I proceeded to schedule that appointment for the two fillings. \n\nWhen I arrived for that appointment I waited for a half an hour past my appointment time and finally said something the receptionists who were shocked that no one had come to get me.\nOnce in the chair I was asked which side I was having done..obviously confused I inquired further. They said I needed 7 fillings, a root canal and a crown. After recovering from the shock I was in, we proceeded to do two of the filling which by the end of the appointment turned into 3 fillings.\n\nI left from my three fillings and was in excruciating pain for a week so I called for a follow up. They couldn't find anything wrong with the fillings but adjusted a mouth guard I wear which has not helped but I have not been able to get an appointment as my dentist has been on vacation for 2 weeks.  I have two more appointments scheduled the first for the root canal the second for another filling. \n\nAfter the shocking diagnosis I went for a second opinion and decided to cancel my root canal in order to move up the filling as I am in massive amounts of pain on that side from the needed fillings well as from the previous fillings on that side.\n\nI called to move the filling up to the day\/time of the root canal appointment and was told they could not do that. I am suppose to come in the for the root canal and hope that the dentist agrees to doing a filling instead. They refused to cancel my filling appointment as if to say the doctor will insist on the root canal which I do not want done at this time.\n\nI feel that I am not a patient just a mouth that makes money for them. My time nor needs have been taken into account. The customer service and lack of communication has caused me to start looking for another dentist office.