Warning, do not let me order. This is what happens when you let me order, which you did, exactly why I do not know except for you were kind and generous and prefer to have me participate rather than to dictate. But you should have ordered for us. See what we did when I made the decision: salad, of course the salad; pork cheeks, yum and unusual; ramen, the special of that evening; and the duck burger. Large enough to feed four people, not two, now you've done it. We are going to eat beyond well. We will eat until we can't eat any more. \n\nThis place is wildly popular, over a thousand reviews, still four and half stars. That's hard to get. It's difficult to find a table, so you suggested to walk in, so we did, and we found a perfect seating at the bar, and got tended by a professional -  not too chatty, not too cold, always approachable, and he kept your water filled with ice. Something you no longer see in San Francisco. The iced water is so passé in San Francisco. It's too Americana, and San Francisco restaurants have all gone French and German on us. Only water, still or sparkling, but no ice. Not here, here, in Trump country, they still serve good n' old American style ice water. Thank heavens. \n\nChopped salad, is good, and it's famous.  It's filing and unusual. Kind of reminds me of Burmese tea leaf salad, found in Burma Superstar, Mandalay and Rangoon Ruby (of SF bay area). So do that if you like tea leaf salad, and then you can do a proper compare and contrast. \n\nPork cheek is unusual but delicious. You and I have exact the same culinary taste. Down to that love for duck. How many times have we gone out and ordered the duck? I count the cities and states we've been to together and it scared me how high the count is, dating back the 90s, when you first met me in New Hartford Connecticut. How time flies. How many wrinkles and laughing lines we've developed over the last two decades. \n\nTry duck burger because it's not very often you get a duck burger, and with an egg on top of the patty. Running egg yolk is finger licking delicious. Then came the ramen. It's huge and fresh. Hot soup is great for a hot day, especially if you had been under the sun a lot. I know, it sounds a tad odd, but salty hot broth is really good for such occasion.\n\nYou ordered me the pisco sour. I wanted some Peruvian drink and there the bartender make something to wow us. It's got fresh nutmeg on top. You laughed. Earlier, I had been sharing a cooking secret of mine for the perfect spaetzle and mac and cheese. \"Add nutmeg.\" I proudly announced. \"You must never forget nutmeg. Even in Banana Bread (Dominique Ansel's recipe).\" There I was, drinking a pisco sour with nutmeg. The bartender must have been following us all day long. You drank your red wine while I sipped two sips and declared that I was drunk. I was, and still am, a cheap date.\n\nWe both did not have a sweet tooth so we skipped dessert. We both were too full. We both realized that we had been eating too many meals together, sharing too many recipes together, and traveling way too often together. And now we were both getting tired together like old people do.\n\nYou paid the bill. Saying goodnight to the friendly bartender who served us this wonderful meal. We stumbled back to the hotel, all the while reminiscing about this fantastical food journey we had just been on.