Feeling the waves this afternoon; just a chill type day! Had some Marley playing so what's the best craving! You know it bbq.\n\nI have been dying to try this jerk place by my house. So here I am placing my order! Love the name of this joint; Big Jerks. There claim to fame is being the best jerks in Vegas! We shall address their standing as the best jerks at the end! Hang out more fun to follow!\n\nAfter pulling open the door to the Jerk Dive the good vibes wash over me. The feeling from this business is so mellow and calming! Instead of using such bold colors in the restaurant lobby decor of red and black; they should of considered yellow and green. Seriously though, the deep bright vivid of the red with black mixes so well to penetrate into ones psyche. I feel color can spark places deep in us that are open to receive its vibe. The color vibrations are bold and bad, but promote relaxation too. \n\nThe employees are amazing too. The ladies behind the counter are chilled and down to earth, but still professional. When I started walking to the counter the register associate was eating her lunch; you know the good is great when the employees enjoy it. Or when they can with out a doubt explain everything about each item on their menu in detail. Jerk hired properly since the cashier here is amazingly talented. The uniforms that they were are relaxed too making for a better work experience as a team and then can pass onto the customers. I picked up on this friendly, hey how are you doin attitude atmosphere. It real chilled and down to earth! This comradely between the employees shows outstanding Mangement and employees that are empowered, excited about coming to work, and engaging! Well done Big Jerk!\n\nOnto the good stuff; what we ordered right: \nHere we go, wanting to take most of the menu home I finally decided on two:\n-Pepper Steak Bangers \n-3 Ribs and 2 Chicken Dark. \nBoth of these are entrees and come with a drink; bonus! The Pepper Steak Banger does not come with a side but it really does not need one. The ribs and chicken comes with one side which I selected Spinach Big Jerk style and Yuca Fries. Both excellent choices, I felt!\n\nThe Pepper Steak Banger is a huge potato that has brown savory gravy in ample amounts all over it. Then on top of that potato is steak that is thinly sliced and placed on top oh so delicately. When I took the first bite of that steak; it tasted more like it had been roasted too! The meat was so soft and supple. The cooks here at Jerk really do know how to handle the meat and heat in the kitchen! With this entree only costing $8.99, I feel like I am robbing them. \n\nWith the meat and potatoes out of the way time to move onto the ribs and dark meat! There is nothing to speak about the ribs spoke for themselves. They were so juicy and delicious. Coated in bbq sauce and cooked to perfection. The dark meat chicken was good; but the ribs took center plate over everything! The yuca fries have a triangular shape that makes them easier to hold and dip in bbq sauce. The spinach had fresh garlic cloves on top of it which enhances the taste when mixed with the spinach. The bbq sauce deserves its own light since without it nothing would be finger licking good here. It is a tie on the best bbq between the jerk bbq or the bbq pineapple twist. I decided to use them equally as I was enjoying all that jerk had to offer.\n\nIf your looking for something healthy well don't come here; trust me. While I do continue to promote a healthy life style. In a way this joint does make those of us whom are concerned about our health stay active. I'm sure that your dying to know how! Check this out! \nIt makes us work even harder in the gym, so as to not be fluffy! \n\nSo in the beginning I addressed if they were the best jerks in Vegas as per there own advertising. I have a new take on this. They are not jerks, but this is where one can come to get jerked. Make sure and use the jerk sauce when doing this and enjoy the trip!