I've always been slightly concerned that a buffet is a hit or a miss when it came to adequate quality, but not a Las Vegas buffet that is. Had I never been to one before and always felt quite skeptical if it meets up to par, and so glad that a Las Vegas buffet was my first. After our exciting outing at the day pool at Wet Republic, we went to the Wicked Spoon to replenish ourselves for the evening ahead of us. Besides, after the fun we had in the pool, we were looking for good food to eat!\n\nThe cover admission was about $51, and this was at about a quarter after 5pm. The food that were on display was incredible; they had anything from Middle Eastern to European delectables; my ultimate favourite. I wanted to try everything and anything, but I had to chose wisely (I want to fit into my dress for the evening of course). I immediately scanned the European station that had delicious Spanish inspired mashed potatoes\/polenta, French baked salmon, a mac + cheese station (we made one with salmon of course, it was the best!), and steamed mussels in white wine & cream base (I made sure to take advantage of this, I did not care). There was also bone marrow, and yes, we took quite an advantage of those as well. \n\nI skimmed through the Asian station, but my friends said some of the items like the egg rolls, some chicken dishes were adequate. There was a carving station as well, but I do not consume red meat often so I actually stayed clear from that although one of my girlfriends did comment that the prime rib was surprisingly tasty. I'm also a very big proponent of dips, and I'm not so sure as to why! I love babaganouj with cucumbers so I made sure to stock up on those as well. It was delicious and made just right.\n\nHowever, if you truly know me, European pastries is where my palette calls. Unfortunately, I was not impressed with any of the dessert selection, and even the mango macaron wasn't good either. The only cake I can recall being memorable was probably the carrot cake (which is my favourite cake). \n\nAs Wicked Spoon being my first Las Vegas buffet, I was happy, satisfied, and impressed. I look forward to dining here again, and I hear that their menu changes quite frequently, a good plus! x