Seriously. Top-notch quality macarons for $1.10 each? Patisserie Manon's macarons were definitely worth my visit here! While there are lots of other pastries, baked goods, and delectable looking cakes in the front of the store, my eyes were set on the colorful macarons behind the glass display that greets you the moment you walk into the store. These macarons are a little differently shaped than the ones I am used to (more flat and cookie like) - these are strange puffed up shells making them longer and less wide than I am  used to. The color of the shells also look a little artificial because they are so bright. BUT, they were amazing. \n\nI bought eight macarons, trying to test all the different flavors. Overall, I felt that the macarons had a really puffy texture upon first bite, but then became chewy afterwards, making the perfect combination of shell and filling to give you that great macaron enjoyment. \n\nMy favorite flavors were: \nRose - not too heavy. It contained the perfect flowery taste to delight my tastebuds. And the shells were pink and white! \n\nSalted Caramel - I loved the flavor of the caramel! Not too sticky, but had a good consistency that worked really well with the shells.\n\nI also really liked lemon and strawberry. They didn't taste extraordinary, but they had very good taste. The strawberry even had bits of real strawberry inside of the filling. \n\nFlavors that were a-ok: \nGinger - Interesting flavor, but not my cup of tea. I love ginger candy, but I thought the taste was a little weird for a macaron. It was also really sticky. \n\nMango - It was interesting, but a bit too artificial for my liking. \n\nPistachio - I thought the pistachio had good almond flavor in the shell, and the filling was also decent. I'm not a big fan of pistachio macarons, but these were okay. \n\nMocha - It wasn't too strong on the mocha taste, but I liked it. Not memorable, but something I would try again!\n\nWhen I was buying the macarons, they informed me that they had salted caramel and mango in the back. I don't know if they would have told me this if I hadn't asked them about the flavors, but as I am a big salted caramel macaron fan, I would definitely have been bummed out if I missed out on this flavor! \n\nIf I lived in Vegas, I would definitely be coming by a few times a month to pick up macarons! And their cakes! They were gorgeous and very elaborate (but expensive!)! \n\nPatisserie Manon is located in a quiet plaza next to the Whole Foods market plaza. We weren't sure at first where it was, but we saw a man standing outside with a sign. I also saw another location for this place down the street. I guess they have two storefronts? They have lots of seating inside the restaurant, and I believe a café where you can order drinks and sandwiches further inside the store. \n\nI definitely will be coming back when I'm in Vegas!