You really have to work for a one star  Yelp rating to get it.  \n\nSpirit Airlines seems like they are motivated by bad reviews and bad customer experience.  I flew with them last week.  I was flying with my 10 pound dog.  I got an airline approved carrier, took him to the vet to get a health certificate and health tests and called the airline to let them know I was traveling with a small dog.  I was on hold 26 minutes before anyone answered the phone to take care of the pet fees.  They charged me $100 each way, which made his ticket more than mine and he had to slide under the seat.  The lady on the phone told me that it would show up on my boarding pass that he was traveling with me and all I had to do was to go to the kiosk and check in and then proceed from the gate from there.  So that's how I budgeted the time I needed at the airport.\n\nOk so none of the kiosks at the airport worked for Spirit so I had to trek to the counter to check in.  What is this?  There are crowds of people in front of Spirit and everyone is stressed out.  I realize there is no way I can make my flight and I am desperately looking for an airline employee to discuss my options with but Spirit provided no one for all these people to speak with.  Turns out many of the flights were delayed.  After making a turn through the waiting line I can then see a departing flights board and I realize that my flight is very delayed.  \n\nThe flight is FOUR AND A HALF HOURS LATE.  I received no text message, no phone call, no notice from the airline.  I still had to work my way through this horrendous line.  The other airlines when there is a problem like this will generally have an airline representative come out and direct customers and assist them.  \n\nOh and when I booked there was no mention of the $45 bag fee.  That is for each way!  Carry ons get charged also!  Think about it, you're traveling and they want $90 because you have a suitcase.  For that price how about carrying it out to my car?  Wow.\n\nThose add on fees do not give you a true comparison of trip expense when you are making choices on which airline to travel.  That's ok.  I can fix that by not flying with this airline again.  Enjoy those fees because that's the last you will get from me.  \n\nWhen I finally did get my boarding pass, there was no mention at all about my pet traveling with me.  As a pet owner, that frightens me.  If the pet were to get separated from me, shouldn't the information be on my boarding pass as per the lady I waited 26 minutes to speak to told me?\n\nOh and on the flight after they load you in as cattle, the guy behind me begins to grind his knees into the back of my seat which was more than just uncomfortable.  I guess because the seats are too tight it is easy to do.  When I mentioned it to the other passenger, he graciously complied and released the pressure on my back.\n\nThe Yelp rating system does not allow for a Zero star.  Or for a minus 3 star.  Well you get the idea.