It pains me to write this review because this place had so much potential. It's ambience is perfect for date night, very cozy with dim lighting and small enough to not be bothered by other patrons, but large enough so you are not on top of one another.\nWe usually try new taco places on Taco Tuesday and I was aware 7pm was cutting it a little late so I called Presidio ahead of time to make sure they were still running the specials. I called a few places before them but the man I spoke to assured us they were still hosting the special for the rest of the night so excitedly we headed over.\nOur first impression of our server was curt, he did not get us waters or offer us complimentary chips like the rest of the patrons. The restaurant wasn't empty, but it definitely wasn't bustling either. When I tried to converse with him, mentioning we were here for Taco Tuesday, he gave me a puzzled look and said that it was long over. I repeated my conversation on the phone and he went back to check. He returned and said in a very annoyed tone that the manager did say that, (the manager was the man I spoke to), and that he, the waiter, wasn't informed. He muttered that he was working there for years and this was news to him.\nOkay... awkward. We didn't try to push it and he walked away with our orders.\nOn the bright side, we tried to ignore this incident and focus on our meal, part of which was  a tequila flight - a wonderful helping of three quality tequilas for $14!- and a variety of yummy tacos. Shrimp was the best in my opinion. I could've lived with just eating my tacos and drinking my tequila and chalked up the first incident as a small blip but... we ordered a second helping of tacos. This second order, regrettably, took much too long to come out. As in, someone else at the table next to us ordered tacos after us and he received his order way earlier than we did. At this point, we were agitated but still, trying to be polite. Midway through our meal the manager started to service us because it was clear our waiter was being rude and tensions were high. The owner poured us our water, brought us fresh chips, and tried to keep the peace. He was much kinder than our waiter. But when our waiter came back with the bill, we were charged the tacos without the Taco Tuesday prices and for the chips that everyone else received for free! It took some more time for the manager to correct this mistake- if we hadn't said anything we would've been charged an additional $20, and this time, our waiter gave us an apology for overcharging us. Trust me, this Taco Tuesday drama was not worth our time! \nI have no idea of what is going on with the communication with the waitstaff and management but I felt like customer service was so unacceptable that yummy tacos and tequila was not enough to make up for this terrible dining experience. I gave them two stars because the food itself was good and I could see the manager was trying. But customer service is so important, and this was such a disappointment.