I went to SFYS on a recommendation by a friend. I figured it couldn't hurt to confirm my bra size and find high quality support for my ladies, such as they are. And they did confirm that I was, in fact, already wearing my correct size. I was hoping they'd tell me my boobs were a cup size larger (like everyone else had reported of their own experiences) but lucky for me (or unlucky, depending on how you look at it), I was right all along. Oh well. I don't hold that against them. \n\nI went in on a Tuesday mid-afternoon and there was no wait at all - there were three salespeople ready to help and I was served right away. No appointment needed at the time. But I've been told that if you go without an appointment on a weekend, or during a busier time, you may have up at an hour's waiting time.\n\nThe salesperson I had was perfectly adequate - she measured me, found lots of different styles in my size, gave me time and space to change and decide whether I liked what she showed me. She was a little underwhelming, however, in enthusiasm and friendliness. But maybe I caught her on a bad day? She did, however, introduce me to some fancy French lingerie that I absolutely fell in love with. (I kind of wish she hadn't, though, because my wallet stung for weeks afterwards!)\n\nAnyway, the shop is beautifully laid out and the change rooms are large, complete with your own private mirror, so you never have to leave your change room - the salesperson will come to you, always. \n\nAll told, unless there is another big sale, I don't think that I will return to SFYS for another bra. Mostly due to the prices, but also because with my size (B cup), I didn't find much of a difference in support in the $100+ bra I purchased there, versus the $30 bras I can find at Jacob or similar stores. I will, however, continue to purchase Soak washing detergent. I got the unscented one, but there are a lot of different fragrances, if you're into that kind of thing.\n\nIf nothing else, though, get yourself measured. Then decide whether you want to spend the money there or somewhere else.