Another really bad Pittsburgh pizzeria that all on you yinzers can't get enough of.\n\nEverything about this place is inconvenient.  They do not deliver and its pretty hard to find parking on the Aggro Crag-esque hill that the shop sits upon.  The interior is dirty and uninviting...I would even go so far as to call it \"rapey\".  After illegally parking with my 4 ways on and waiting for a few minutes one of the employees gave me my pie and I headed home.\n\n\nThe pie it self was a real mess. It is obvious just by looking at the pie that whoever made it took no pride in making it well, they just threw everything together and plopped it in the oven on a wing and a prayer.  \n\nThe dough is some of the worst dough I have had yet in Pittsburgh.  They are using regular deck brick ovens and cooking the pies directly on the brick so there is no excuse for not being able to achieve some sort of crunch.  It is very dense and flavorless with no crunch at all.  The taste of salt and sugar come through a little bit in a very generic way, almost like a Papa Johns tasting dough.  The main problem was that  the dough obviously didn't rise at all and was very dense and hard to chew.  Its a dry dough too, very dry.  Plus the pizza was made so poorly that the middle of the pie was paper thin and inedible while the outside of the pie was way too thick and was hard to chew.  Basically what we have here is another bowl-like pizza where all of the ingredients pool into the middle because it was made so poorly.  \n\nIt is pretty clear who is wearing the pants in this pizza, good old Uncle Cheese....and the pants are soaked.  I watched the kid making one of the pies and he just filled up both of his hands with 2 pounds of cheese and tossed it into the middle of the pizza and just kind of scattered it towards the outside and said \"yeah, that will do\".  They are using a really high quality cheese and it does have a great taste and it has that gummy effect that you would get if you ordered extra-cheese.  Unfortunately there is just way way too much of it for the pizza to even be edible in some spots.  You couldn't even pull a slice off of the pie to put it onto your plate without pulling all of the cheese off into a big pile in the middle.  They are using lots and lots of cheese to compensate for how bad the best of the pie sucks.\n\nThe sauce is very forgettable and watery.  They put very little sauce on the pie anyway and its applied with no pride in the traditional lazy bulls-eye pattern where you sauce in some spots and none in others.  The sauce has a bit of a sweet taste, un-offensive and maybe tasty if they were to ever put enough on for anyone to taste it.\n\nIn general this is just lazy pizza where they would rather give you 2 pounds of cheese than actually have to take pride in their food.  I feel my butt hole starting to cry as I near the end of this review, save yourselves the T.P. and just leave this one alone.  \n\nI am giving it a 4 out of 10.