I came for dinner before a concert at the Grand Garden.  I was seated promptly in the back room rather than take a table at the bar.  The whole place including this room are very dark with mirrors most notably running the length of the ceiling.\n\nMy server brought a menu and a water glass was filled.  The server stopped by again and asked about drinks and I ordered my usual iced tea which was soon brought.  My dinner consisted of three tapas plates--octopus ceviche with grapefruit and pickled jalapeño, shrimp risotto with a tomato fondue and arugula, and ricotta gnocchi with braised short rib and pea purée.  For dessert, I got the chocolate makeout--a warm chocolate fondant with salted caramel cream, peanut brittle, and caramel sauce.\n\nThe octopus ceviche was very good.  The dish had a good citrus flavor from the grapefruit and the pickled jalapeños added a good contrast.  Served with the dish was a small amount of corn chips which I ate along with the octopus.\n\nThe shrimp risotto was OK.  There was nothing special about the dish.  The shrimp were large but the dish as a whole lacked any wow factor to make the whole standout.   The shrimp were also a bit chewy.\n\nLast was the ricotta gnocchi with braised short rib and pea purée.  I really liked this dish. The short rib was very tasty as opposed to the bland ricotta gnocchi and there was no discernible taste of the pea purée at all.  Still, I liked the flavor of the short rib and the softness of the gnocchi made a good fit.\n\nDessert was the chocolate makeout--almost a chocolate lava cake but mercifully not another rendition of this ubiquitous dessert.  The chocolate fondant was rich and I could have piped the salted caramel cream directly into my mouth.  The peanut brittle and small amount of caramel sauce added texture and flavor to the dessert.\n\nService was varied.  The iced tea was brought with no sugar or other sweeteners.  When the server came by one time, he stopped and then asked if I  had wanted any sugar.  I asked for some artificial sweetener which he never brought.  After he went by a few times, I stopped a busser and asked him and I had a container of sweeteners in no time at all.\n\nWhen it came time for dessert, a different server stopped by and asked me if I wanted dessert.  I ordered from her.  After dinner, the original server brought my check and took payment.\n\nThe server didn't ask if I needed anything explained from the menu nor did he mention more than one off menu special.  The other server mention a couple of them to the tab;e next to me and asked them if they had been to the restaurant before.  She then went on to describe some of the dishes and told the people if there were any other questions to ask her.  I think maybe she should have been with me the whole time.  The bus persons were very efficient and removed finished plates in a timely manner.\n\nCrush is OK.  Your paying Strip prices for some average food.