Let me start by saying this: I'm not trying to insult anyone, but don't ever wait more than 45 minutes to be seated at a restaurant..that specializes in BURGERS. That's dumb. Go somewhere else. \n\nOne word to describe this place: Unimpressive. \n\nWhenever I hear the name Gordon Ramsay, I immediately think of Kitchen Nightmares. I think of the way he tries to help places improve the quality of their service, food, and overall experience. Well, Gordon Ramsay needs to help his OWN restaurant out. Here's why...\n\nI was actually considering giving this place one star, but then I remembered that I enjoyed my glass of wine. I was part of a party of 7 people, and we went to BurGR because the birthday girl had been there before and loved it. \n\nThe whole wait thing was solved by someone heading there and putting our name down, and saying we would go at a certain time. We only waited about 10 minutes for our party to be seated. The server was really nice and accommodating - he brought over two iPads (COOL!) and explained the drinks to our party. \n\nWe ordered the jalapeño poppers and truffle parmesan fries to start off. Jalapeño poppers were not impressive, but the presentation was nice. They were placed in shot glasses of ranch, so I thought that was pretty cool. Were they absolutely delicious? No. The truffle parmesan fries were another story. They were completely laughable. They were too soft - the only crispy fries were the burnt ones at the bottom. Already off to a bad start... Everyone in my party ordered a different burger: American, Hell's Kitchen, Farm, etc. I ordered the Euro Burger. \n \nThe perfect word to describe my burger: Unimpressive. Nothing about it was great. It has truffle aioli, goat cheese, arugula, and \"oven roasted tomato.\" LOL. Stupid. The meat itself was not flavorful and the different ingredients didn't help the burger at all. \n\nLet's talk about SERVICE now. \n\nIf my party is paying $20+ a person for a BURGER, I better have the BEST fucking service imaginable. HOLY SHIT. I cannot believe that people would come back to this place. I've had better service at the Denny's on the strip. To me, service is one of the most important aspects of a restaurant, and this place was completely lacking. Our server got changed about 15 minutes after we were seated and we had someone who lacked the customer service skills necessary to work at a restaurant that is so incredibly pretentious. \n\nAnother thing that REALLY bothered me was the fact that AFTER waiting 45 minutes to get our food they fucked up our order. Someone in my party was left with no food. The girl who brought our food came around with an extra American burger, and after we told her that it's not what our friend ordered, she gave us an attitude and walked away mad. WHAT THE FUCK. We weren't rude about it - all we said was \"That's not what he ordered.\" HER: Are you sure? No. We're not sure. We have fucking dementia. That was the server who wrote the order down wrong. \n\nTo top it off, all the manager did was walk over and say \"Oh. Sorry. I'll tell the kitchen to make your food right now.\" UMM. Yes. Let's ALL finish our burgers and watch our friend eat air. He didn't even offer him an appetizer, or say, \"Hey! Burger's on us. Sorry about that.\" To me, that's a fucking joke. \n\nOne thing I noticed too - if a manager has to walk around and apologize that food is taking so long and that his servers are not being attentive... YOU HAVE A PROBLEM. A manager should NOT have to walk around and make excuses for anyone. FIX YOUR SHIT. \n\nIf all you care about is taking a picture and tagging yourself at this place, then by all means, go here. If you want bad service, meh food, and be able to look at your drink menu on an iPad, then COME HERE. As for me? Sorry. I'd like to think that I have better taste in places. I would never come back here again. The service SUCKED. The food was blah. And the prices were ridiculous. \n\nThis place is just too hyped up and is not for me. A name doesn't make a place.