Oh, fuku burger. What a colorful and moody character you seem to be.\n\nAfter a night of shenanigans, the boy wanted a treat. Having spotted the illusive Fuku-truck on our way elsewhere, we hoped they'd still be there when we were done. Around 2 AM, they were, and had a big crowd of costumed fans gathering around. Descending upon the Bank of America parking lot, you can hear their music blasting; we arrived to a song about capping people and a chorus of gun-shots and the N-word. Kind of awkward, but whatever. It seems there's a lot of repeat customers or fans that hang around the truck, as there were people parked and hanging out by or in their cars for the entire duration we were there. \n\nThere was no sense of organization in the line, just a clusterf**k of people mobbing around the lone girl taking orders. We had several people attempt to get in front of us and others asking us where the line ended. Some people stood on the periphery of the cluster and waited for 10+ minutes in the cold in skimpy costumes before getting frustrated and leaving without anything.\n\nThe music was also so loud that it made ordering a challenge unless you got in the poor girl's face or yelled at her. She took our name and put our order in. When done a guy would scream out your name  from the window, vainly competing with the music. We watched him call for 4-5 people with visibly growing aggrivation. \n\nThe menu itself was pretty simple, though I know you can customize with eggs or extra patties. We opted for the Karai, or spicy burger, and an order of their garlic fries. We ate the fries on the drive home and had the burger once there. The fries seemed like they were from a box then heavily dosed with their garlic salt. I liked the sauces that came with them, but J thought they were too salty. The fries had decent crunch and heft- they weren't potato needles or massive steak fries.\n\nOnce we got to the burger, we were disappointed. The burger had flavor but was burnt on the outside and ultra-rare on the inside. Topped with a spicy mayo, another sauce, cucumber, avocado \"cream\" and a couple of other toppings, it had an interesting combo of textures and flavors to compliment the meatiness, but not enough to save it from being mediocre. The burger may have been more redeemable if the experience\/atmosphere of ordering it hadn't put us off. \n\nThe area around the truck was trashed with half eaten food and debris everywhere. Stickers and photos covered much of the windows and the only insights we had into the kitchen was the irritated guy sticking his head out and yelling at a \"mutha fuga'!\"to get back in the truck. \n\nThis is really an instance where the business philosophy shines at the forefront. Compare these fellows to the Slider truck; The boys there sing while cooking, happily greet their customers with enthusiasm & a fist bump, maintain a clean exterior and fairly consistent food preparation. I've had a mediocre slider and forgiven them because they were so pleasant to deal with. The food here has the potential for awesomeness but I just don't want to deal with a disorderly mob to get a burger. \n\nEDIT: Bumped a star for owner response :} It's always nice to see a business taking the time to respond to criticisms directly like that.