This review is for Sunday brunch menu. Came here on the recommendation of our server from Verandah when we were there for RW. Brunch is my favorite meal, and this was so disappointing.  We had a reservation for the patio, which was basically a fully covered seating area with one half of it open, wouldn't exactly call it a patio. The brunch menu is tapas style, all you can eat for $29.99, and you can add bottomless mimosas for $5. There was about 18 items on the menu, and since there was 3 of us we decided to just try everything and go down the menu. Brunch was started with fresh fruit that was drizzled with some kind of mango sauce and also guava empanadas (fresh fruit would have been great without the sauce on top). I started noticing a theme after the first 4 dishes came out. Everything was so sweet and heavily sauced. The Green Corn Tamale was so sweet each of us could only handle two bites, the Mexican Rice Pudding Parfait (I love rice pudding) was so overpowered my the taste of cinnamon it wasn't edible. The Bacon Jalapeno PBJ intrigued me, I am really into wierd food combinations, this was basically Jiffy PB & grape jelly thrown on a biscuit. No points. The Peruvian Shrimp & Grits I was excited about as well, but the grits were stuck together and hard like they had been sitting prepared for awhile. The Yucatan Eggs Benedict had shredded pork, again I we tasted was cinnamon, we asked if there was a mole sauce on it and our waitress said no, it was what the meat was marinated in. I came to the conclusion that the ingredients they use were sub par, so having to marinate the meats to cover the meat is what they do. Pork shouldn't need a lot of added marinate. The only item that the 3 of us actually finished was the Skirt Steak & Egg and the Huevos Rancheros. Pretty bad odds out of 18 dishes. On to the $5 bottomless mimosas, I should have known not to go there, they offered 5 different flavors to add to the champagne, we each tried them and couldn't finish any. I mean I know they aren't serving PJ but rather Korbel....I had the worst headache for the rest of the day after that crap. Have you ever felt so gross and swollen and lethargic after eating a terrible meal? Well this is exactly how I felt. \nIf you're looking for a Spanish style brunch, check out Firefly's brunch.