As a foodie (sadly on a budget) I'm willing and ready to pay astronomical amounts of my cashola in order to enjoy whatever food-dragon I chase. There's no price I won't pay for the ultimate steak experience, and I won't choke on paying over 50$ for a burger, yes a burger. But the pleasure experience better have me bleeding from my eyes before I pass out.\n\nAnd since the burger craze has taken over Montreal I have yet to find one of these joints that can even stand next to my expectations of what a good burger is. All they are is some business man with no knowledge of what good food is starting a stylish hipster-bait restaurant that is all about form over function. O' Burger is no different. You walk in and it's the poor-hipster's version of an ultra trendy restaurant that serves Burgers and Fries. And that's what O'Burger is doing, cashing in on a trend and it's places like O'Burger that will kill the trend.\n\nThe reception was warm and friendly as was the service, also expedient. O'Burger offers a good variety of burgers, but the template remains the same from burger to burger, that it the meat, the bun and the garden. They offer fries and Poutine of course. So I had the Dallas Burger. Typical interpretation of the Texan burger, that's Jack cheese, some Creole sauce... wait what? Creole? Yeah and it wasn't spicy, not even tangy, not even mustard tangy. Crunchy bacon? Huh, ehhhh, where? Cus I didn't have any bacon in mine. Caramelized onions my ass. The bun was the hit. Most trendy burger joint have dried crackly buns but here it's soft and moist. \n\nThe meat... is epic facepalm worthy. This patty had nothing resembling fresh or hand prepared. It's the same patty I see in every hipster burger joint. Barely had a beefy taste because of all the filler compacted into a flower shaped patty. This patty was produced by a machine in a factory somewhere, where it was flash frozen. \n\nHow about that poutine? How about more frozen foods? There's no way those were fresh cut and they tasted even synthetic, so who knows what chemical treatment they endured at the plant. No amount of gravy, cheese, bacon and those ridiculous caramelized onion could hide the horrible taste of those fries. Gravy wasn't even good.\n\nIn my book if I don't need at least 3 or 4 napkins to eat a burger, then it's not a good burger. Sure it was pretty but it was bad, so bad a Big Mac would have been a better option. If your restaurant is named O' Burger shouldn't your burger blow people away? I'd prefer having my greasy burger at La Belle Province than eat that bland boring piece of crap I was served. \n\nHow hard is it to go to a butcher, get your chuck FRESH and make the patties as you go? How hard is it to hand cut fries and fry them in good oil? Well it doesn't matter to the owner, he just wants to cash in on the trend and when O' Burger crashes with the trend, he'll open another restaurant cashing in on the current trend of that day. It's not a passion for food; it's a passion for profit.\n\nO'Burger how thou sucketh. It's no wonder I was the only patron in the restaurant.