Holy crap. So I ran in Pat's Run yesterday as part of a group of about 30. Coming here was planned ahead of time and we had the whole top patio reserved for us. It was fun lots of good people, the weather was perfect, we were all high on endorphins. So we're there, everyone's hungry and eager to relax, have a drink and eat some good food. I was starving, like ready to gnaw my own arm off for a bit of protein.\nSo we discover there is one server for our party and wait patiently for our orders to be taken. Finally it comes to our turn.  I'm not sure if I some how offended our server, or pissed her off, but she did not like me. I don't know why, I was sitting there talking with friends the whole time. I wasn't loud, wasn't complaining about anything, this was in fact the first interaction I had with her. We were all dressed the same so it's not like she could say my outfit offended her,  I just don't know what her deal was. She took the orders of the three people on my right, then the person directly across from me, and then the two people on my left and started to walk off. I said \"excuse me\" twice and was not acknowledged. Someone else at in the group I was sitting with had to physically tap her on the shoulder and tell her to take my order. She did not apologize or even ask what she could get me. She stood there and stared at me. I placed my order and she walked off. A  few of us went down to the bar and ordered drinks, and then drank them and then stood there and waited...and waited...and waited. About 45 minutes after we ordered we noticed that people that ordered after us were getting their food. The food looked really good too. Big sandwiches, big burritos, and big bowls, which is what I ordered. The bowl was served in one of those Chinese take out boxes and consisted of eggs, meat (bacon, ham or chorizo), potatoes, onions and peppers and were full to the brim. So finally our server comes around and takes our drink orders. Another 15 minutes go by AND WE GOT FOOD!!! Well, everyone I was sitting with got food. I did not. I had started to notice that the portions were getting smaller and smaller. So everyone starts to eat and our drinks come out. Again, everyone but mine. \nFinally my food comes out after everyone I was with had finished their meals. 75 minutes after I ordered I finally had my food.The Chinese takeout box was less than half full and was getting cold. The bacon was limp and clumped together, the food was bland and tasteless. No salt and pepper, no flavor. Even the bacon was bland. THE BACON was bland! BACON! Ugh.I ate half. Still had no drink. By this point I was grumpy, hungry and defeated. I don't get it. I don't know what the deal was but  it is safe to say that I would never come back here.