My boyfriend & I scored an early check in, which is always nice, cause Las Vegas hotels are notoriously slow in letting you check in early. It was our lucky day! Early check in makes me a happy girl :).\n\nIf there was one thing I was put off about, it was the sandy pool. It was like sand from Lowe's, it hurt my feet to walk on. Would've rather not had the sand at all. The sand's purpose was to make it SEEM like a beach, but knowing the difference, it only made it silly to have sand in the first place. I didn't like how the sand made the water look murky, not crystal clear. Meaning, the sand disguised a lot of dirt being brought into the pool. I can only imagine the problems Hard Rock has with the filtering system for that pool. I did swim to the center island, and noticed that the water was much clearer & cleaner beyond the island, on the other side. There were other pools, but they were either closed or filled to the brim with people, so we had no choice but the sandy pool the first day. The following day, we tried another pool, and it was a tad better but not a great atmosphere. There is just something missing .\n\nTip: Get up super-early (even before the pool opens) to stand in line with all the others, to snag your spot when they open the pools. Run...don't walk...to the area you want to sit and claim your chairs by placing your (inexpensive) belongings on the chairs. THEN go get breakfast and bring it out to the pool. It's the only way to get that perfect spot if you plan to spend most of the day.\n\nPools open early and close early. I never can understand why these hotels can't invest in lights for those who desire to swim in the evening (me). It's not just the Hard Rock that does this; they all do. Most close at 6pm; some at 7pm.\n\nI did enjoy the Pink Taco restaurant, accessible just off the pool area, but it was pricey, even for Vegas. We had 2 beers each and an appetizer. \n\nHart & Huntington has been around for a long time in Vegas, and if you are so inclined to get a tattoo while in Vegas, I highly recommend this world-acclaimed tattoo parlor.\n\nWhile sitting & sunning poolside, we ordered  a bucket of 6 beers. Lying there with your bucket of beers, filled with ice, a couple of chairs located nearest the water, soaking up the sun, with not a care in the world, is a very good day in Vegas. We started a game, rubbing ice on each other to cool off. Once we reached the bottom of the bucket and finished the beers, we took turns dumping the ice cold water on one another ;) *Squeeee*\n\nI must mention that the Hard Rock Cafe attached to the hotel has one of the best burgers I've ever had. There is another Hard Rock Cafe located on the strip, and that location is newer. They have a rock climbing wall at the strip location as well.\n\nEnter the evening and the scene generally gets a little more lively. I didn't find the Hard Rock as lively as I would've liked. This is most likely cause this hotel is located off the strip. We found ourselves getting in the car and driving to the strip, where all the major activity is.