I stopped by last night (Thurs.) at 7pm for a casual dinner date with CM.  OTB was recommended to me by my table mate from brunch at the Zenith, who is the manager at REI and a friend of OTB's owner.  Since I had a City Dining Card and was intrigued by the idea of burgers incorporating peanut butter, I'm a cyclist and found the theme interesting, and the location was somewhat convenient for a Waterfront run, we braved the frigid weather and craziness of the South Side to check it out.\n\nSince our waitress informed us that Thurs. night is quarter seitan wing night, we ordered six wings ($0.25) dressed in buffalo sauce with blue cheese, along with some soft pita pieces ($1) for our appetizer.  Although it bears mentioning that the \"wings\" were more like oblong chunks (see photo), they had a great coating and texture, and the buffalo sauce added a nice zing to them.  Additionally, we each ordered a bowl of soup ($3.99 each): tomato-based vegetable for CM and tomato soup for me.  My tomato soup was nothing too special, but was nice and thick, though I would have preferred if it had been made with milk instead of water (I can always tell).  Because he was feeling a bit under the weather, CM really enjoyed his soup--although I didn't sample it due to concerns about his contagiousness.\n\nFor my entree, per the recommendation of my table mate at the Zenith, I ordered the dirt rag delight: A burger topped with Wholey's peanut butter, American cheese, and dill pickle slices ($9.49).  Because I don't eat beef, I went with a chicken patty, and of course, I just had to add bacon ($1 upcharge).  This burger was definitely one of the most unique burgers I've ever eaten, and it didn't disappoint!  The peanut butter had a wonderfully gritty, homemade texture and just the right hint of sweetness, complementing the savoriness of the pickles, cheese, and bacon perfectly.  Despite the copious number of components, the burger didn't fall apart as I was eating it, which is the hallmark of a good quality bun.  Because he was trying to eat on the healthy side due to feeling under the weather, CM went with the roadie panini ($7.99), adding chicken for an upcharge of $3.  Again, I didn't try it due to a desire to avoid contamination, but he enjoyed it, and ended up taking half home.  Both sandwiches came with a generous side of fries, which were coated with a nice, crispy batter with a hint of ranch flavor.\n\nService was about what I'd expect at a place like OTB: Generally pretty quick, if not super attentive, with slight awkwardnesses at times (e.g., we weren't greeted upon entering, and had to seek out a waitress to ask if we could seat ourselves).  Likewise, the atmosphere was about what I expected: Fairly quiet (for a bar, at least), with a TV playing college basketball and bike themed paraphernalia.  We sat in the back dining room, which only had a few other parties at the time of our visit.  As another reviewer mentioned, this is a non-smoking establishment.\n\nOverall, CM and I were pleased with the quality and quantity of food that we received, especially with the City Dining Card and seitan wing discounts (our total check: $22 + change).  As such, I'd recommend OTB as a casual spot to grab a few drinks and some dinner or late night snacks, regardless of whether you're a cyclist or not.  Just don't forget to check out their daily specials, and take advantage of them accordingly!