Over the past few years this place has been my theater of choice. The seats are nice, there aren't many crowds, parking is easy, etc. The biggest complaint I've had (up until today) was the locations of the men's restroom. There's only one beyond the ticket gate, and it's at one end of the building, not central at all. \n\nTonight, they let me down. Came here for the midnight showing of The Hunger Games. I've been to nearly a dozen, but this was my first with this theater. My party (in its entirety) arrived at 730pm. At the time, there were 159 people ahead of us. Everything seemed like a normal midnight showing until about 8:30 when they rolled out their wristband cart. At first I thought this was going to be great, and help eliminate the line cutting that occurs. (and perhaps speed things up like they claimed) Instead, they came around multiple times and gave wristbands to the people who came late, but cut everyone in line. Slightly annoyed, I plowed on knowing that a large bulk of the crowd comes after they start letting us into the theater. Around 10 the crowd was getting pretty anxious, but there was no sign of them letting us inside. 10:15 came and everyone stood up and prepared to go in. 10:30 and everyone is still standing, but not moving anywhere. It wasn't until 11:00 and a third round of putting wristbands on the line-jumpers that they opened the doors. I would estimate 350 people ahead of me by this point. They let people inside in groups of 25 or so, so that took some time. At 11:20 I finally got inside and to my theater. To my great frustration, there were more people in my theater (1 of 4) than there were in line when I arrived. \n\nTo the management: please improve your midnight showing strategy. Have tighter line queues, stop the cutting by using your wristbands, but only come through each section once. Perhaps give people a warning that they need to be in line in 15 minutes to get a wristband, and if they miss it, they will have to go to the back of the line. Also, let people in around 10pm like Harkins and AMC do. You'll have less cutting to worry about, and you'll even make more money on concessions. \n\nAssuming I don't receive a response from the management explaining how they are going to improve, I will take my theater business elsewhere for the midnight showings.