The strip mall exterior belies the treasure within! \n\nWhen you enter, you're immediately greeted by the smell of cooked meat. Normally the smell of meat is not a pleasant one for me. As in, makes me lose my appetite. So, it's a huge compliment when I say, the smells coming out of the open kitchen are mouthwatering. When one of my dining companions received her short ribs, there were yet more mouthwatering aromas. WTH kind of alchemy is going on in that kitchen make this vegetarian salivate over dead animal? \n\nNo matter, fellow lovers of the plant plate, there's options for you here. For starters, you *must* order the Brussels sprouts (they do come with panchetta, but it can be left off). DIEvine. Seriously. As are the roasted root vegetables. I love when something simple is so delicious.\n\nI normally never eat mac and cheese because it's so two-note (duh), but Beckett's Table makes it so that I finally *get* why people are all gaga over this stuff. It's very subtle, but those mustard seeds take the dish to a whole other level of delish bliss. \n\nMy entree, the oven roasted vegetable tower was probably the least exciting thing I ate last night night, but still flavorful in its own right and beautifully plated. I'm just not a fan of roasted peppers and onions which comprise about half of the stack. I'll leave this tiny meh at that, because the entire experience blows that away into the ether. \n\nNext up, dessert. Although thoroughly stuffed at this point, I managed a bite of the sweet potato pie (incredible), the berry cobbler (delightfully tart, balanced with a sweet ice cream) and the piéce de resistance, fig (yes, I said fig) and pecan pie.\n\nI'd be remiss to not mention the cocktail list, which seemed quite creative. It was hard for me to choose, but I had the Az Farmhand, which has Hendricks gin, soda, ginger, lemonade and honey, many of my favorite cocktail ingredients. It did not disappoint. Fabulous selection of wines by the glass, too.\n\nA thoroughly lovely experience from start to finish, Beckett's Table provides top notch food at affordable prices, with impeccable service in a rustic environment (you feel like you're in the hippest, coziest lodge).