DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL -- MONEY AND JEWELRY STOLEN FROM LOCKED ROOM!!!\n\nDon't get me wrong because I've had many pleasant past experiences at this hotel, so much that I've even planned 4 different bachelorette parties over the years with 15+ girls each time staying at this hotel, but this trip was pretty much a nightmare and I never want to stay at this hotel again.\n\nOur bachelorette party checked in this past Friday to 3 different suites, and after pre-partying we went out that night to the strip around 12am and didn't return to our rooms until around 4am.  I've had friends who have had things stolen out of their hotel rooms before so I was super paranoid about everyone being drunk and not making sure the door was locked when we left so I clearly remember pulling the door shut, hearing it lock and I pushed back on it to make sure it didn't open before heading to the elevator. I thought this action would cause any major situation from being avoided but I was wrong.  \n\nThe next day before heading back out to the strip for day club, I went to my large purse to refill cash from my large wallet into my much smaller clutch more suitable for a pool party (I section out my money in order to prevent myself from spending it all when drunk).  This is when I discovered that all the $20 bills out of my wallet had been removed, leaving only the $1s and $5s behind.  At first my girlfriends thought I had been drunk enough to go downstairs to gamble or to buy food but I reminded them that this hotel has no casino and no restaurants and that I was the first in bed that night.  To make me feel better, one of my girlfriends said she would check her wallet too and to her surprised all her $50s and $100s were missing.  The same problem with a 3rd girl in our room -- all her $100s were gone.  \n\nI called the front desk who sent a security guard up to help us file a report.  We had let the guard know that we were gone between the hours of 12-4am and asked if they could check the security cameras for anyone going into our room.  After filling out a form to list what was missing, we were told by the security guard that the hotel \"will always follows up with guests after a report is filed\". The security guard then basically told us sorry but that she couldn't do anything for us other than file the report...\n\nI was already upset, but what ended up pissing me off about the whole situation was when security called me on my cell while at I was at a day party to ask if we knew any other guests staying at the hotel -- I let them know we had 2 other rooms booked in our party and I even gave them their room #s, that's when security basically insinuated that it was probably one of our friends from one of the other rooms who had gone in our room and stolen from us!! I could NOT BELIEVE they were trying to tell me this, and I was INFURIATED.  Despite this, I very calmly let the security person know that the only people who had been in our room prior to our money and jewelry missing were the ones registered to the room, and we were the only ones who had key cards.  The security kept asking if I was sure, and I told them to check the cameras and they would see that I wasn't lying.\n\nIt wasn't until after we returned to pool party and we were getting ready for dinner that I also noticed that several bracelets, earrings and necklaces missing from inside of a jewelry bag had stored in my zipped up suitcase. This definitely added more salt to the wound.\n\nSeeing that it is Vegas, I can get over having my money stolen as I probably would have spent it on alcohol or gambled it away anyway.  It's the jewelry I am more upset about since there were items that were personal to me.\n\nIn total, our room had about $1000 worth of CASH AND JEWELRY STOLEN FROM OUR LOCKED HOTEL ROOM !!!!\n\nOverall, I am extremely horrified at the lack of sensitivity displayed by the Palms Place hotel staff and management. No apologies were offered for what happened in our room by any management, and no one even offered to switch us rooms so we would at least feel safer.  The hotel staff was very uncooperative, unprofessional, untrustworthy, uncaring and very insensitive. PLEASE DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!! It is very unsafe -- you may be robbed and if that were to happen, the management will not care about you or anything you will have lost.\n\nFYI, IT'S 3 DAYS LATER AND I STILL HAVE HAD NO FOLLOW UP FROM THE MANAGEMENT AND NO HOTEL STAFF HAS RETURNED MY CALLS OR EMAIL ABOUT THE REPORT WE FILED.