I was disappointed in my last outing to Chin Chin.  A large Hot & Sour Soup with shredded pork, carrots, green onions, tofu, jalapenos, and egg that I consumed myself was very good, and slightly crisp Chicken Spring Roll wrappers were good, but the insides were just okay and not very flavorful.  I had to keep dipping the deep-fried morsels in Sweet & Sour Sauce to enjoy some taste.  From now on I will stick to Vegetable or Shrimp Spring Rolls.  \n\nShrimp with Garlic & Snow Peas featured good-sized, succulent shrimp, tasty snow peas, and small mushroom pieces, but I could have done without the carrots, and would have enjoyed a delicate crystal White Sauce better than the dark Brown Sauce with which the dish was immersed.  Cashew Shrimp was prepared with a much lighter Brown Sauce that I liked a whole lot better.\n\nI can only describe the Orange Chicken as weird.  It consisted of large chunks of chicken, peppers, and onions glazed with an Orange Sauce but not at all typical for this breed of Cantonese fare.  Szechuan String Beans were okay but unremarkable.  Most disappointing of all was Small Egg-Fried Rice with scallions.  The rice was richly bathed in soy-based Brown Sauce, and at first sighting had no visible egg in it.  I pointed this out to my server, and he volunteered to take back the dish and have more egg added, which I let him do.  Although improved, even upon its return the rice did not sport much egg.\n\nHot Tea was good, and our pot lasted quite awhile.  But by the end of our dinner, even an unusual Chocolate Dome, consisting of Dark Chocolate Ganache that exposed Chocolate Mousse and white cake inside that was possibly honey-soaked after being cracked open, could not save the day for this rather ordinary meal.\n\nOur server was very good and accommodating.  And our surroundings that featured dark woods and white-linen tablecloths were comfortable and pleasant.  But there are just too many other better Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas that I have now experienced for me to go out of my way to return here.