I'm officially done with Hakkasan. I've been here 4 times and man, let me tell you, STAIRS EVERYWHERE. STAIRS. RANDOM HALLWAYS. Hakkasan should rename as Stairasan because it makes more sense. \n\nIt's funny that promoters were so friendly to reach out to you, perhaps couple times after you asked the same promoter to get you on the guestlist, this promoter won't bother to tell you the time to meet up (or say line up) at the club. Alright, I'm spoiled, I'm used to meet up with promoters and they would lead us in. Hakkasan? Get ready for lines. \n\nAs for my most recent experience (headliner: Dada Life on 2\/27). I texted my promoter around 9pm and asked when should we get to the club, he answered \"Guestlist closed at 12am, you've got plenty of time.\" So I was naive and I forgot when I was here last September, I got to the entrance an hour before the guestlist closed, turned out there was a line and it would take 45min at least to get it. I was naive and I totally forgot about this, and we got there before the guestlist closed. It turned out everyone lining up on the guestlist eventually would get into the club -- a solid 1-hr wait in the wind, how lovely. Oh yeah, the line was too long so everyone got to line up out side of MGM. Didn't see that coming so that's why I said I was naive and forgot about the crazy lining in Hakkasan. \n\nWe got into the club, and they asked us to walk stairs. What a nice cardio workout before my planned-dance workout, right? Oh probably I should take this as my leg day since I was wearing heels and walking 4 floors of stairs. Seriously, why wouldn't Hakkasan turn into a gym? Hakkasan Gym? Or, Stairasan Gym? I'm not sure which one sounds better.\n\nI was thirsty so I decided to get water: $9. My friends were teasing me that I should've gotten a cocktail instead. I mean... I've never got charged for water in clubs. Now I feel bad for guys because apparently they were paying more than us girls.\n\nHakkasan has a great sounding system, the laser effect is very cool and it's people everywhere. As usual, we went down to Ling Ling Room and for the first time ever, I found a dance floor *in shock*. Ling Ling room is basically like a small maze, it's small and easy but easily to get frustrated on the way out. As for the main floor (where headliners perform), there was no way to get in, people were sticking onto the tables side and tried to get to see the DJs. There were no place to rest and lots and lots of stairs...Table-side securities were strict and sometimes rude. Some staff were friendly but that was really rare.\n\nI've been here and saw Tiesto, Martin Garrix, Hardwell and others. It's great that Hakkasan can get so many big-name DJs but frankly speaking, they performed better in larger festivals. The Ling Ling Room DJ was pretty sick and did crazy good transition between different genre of music. Overall, Hakkasan is a upscale club as they claimed to be, it is a super fancy club but it's small due to the weird interior flow design (stairs and hallways). I feel 4 times is enough and I'm sure Hakkasan will still make hell of money from the EDM-lovers and sure don't mind me leaving. Hakkasan, I tried, but I just can't like you. \n\nHakkasan management is going to open Omni in Caesar Palace this month and I will see if it goes well... or they are just twins in different names.