Tucked in the southwest corner of the former John E. Carson Hotel in DTLV, this building and its renovations are part of the gentrifying of the area. Street parking is available with a central meter. Paying for parking is easy at the kiosk.\n\nI was early for our lunch and had the chance to chat with Chef Harwell. He's a very personable fellow with a passion for putting a Southern twist to his foods to represent his roots. That was evident as our lunch proceeded. Coming out in nicely spaced courses, we spent the next hour and a half enjoying the offerings he had chosen for us. \n\nWe started with two appetizers, a summer salad of watermelon and feta cheese with cucumber and topped with a white balsamic dressing. The other dish was veal meatballs in a sherry foie gras cream and some peas. The foie gras came through in the cream sauce quite nicely. The watermelon salad was good. \n\nNext came an order of tempura green beans with red pepper jelly cream cheese and cheddar crab fondue with lavash, two rolls, and some sliced, toasted bread for sloshing the crab on. The green beans are absolutely addictive. I dare you to eat just one. You won't be able to but that's a good thing. The one thing that surprised me with this dish was the almost sweetness of the red pepper jelly cream cheese. I expected some red pepper zing, but instead was surprised by the sweetness of the jelly and cream cheese. The red pepper taste was missing although you could see flecks of red pepper in the cream cheese. Regardless, this is a must order dish to order, and it's a dish meant to be shared. The cheddar crab fondue was excellent. A good flavor of cheddar that did not overwhelm the crab. \n\nNext up were a strawberry salad and two sandwiches. The salad was mixed spring greens with thin slices of manchego cheese and candied pecans. The sandwiches were the Jerk turkey burger and the pork belly Cuban. The turkey burger was topped with mango chutney slaw and was served with a side of tater tots. The burger had a bit of zing from the jerk spice. The Cuban had tasso ham, manchego cheese, and also came with tots. Both sandwiches were good. It's the best Cuban sandwich I've had in Las Vegas but the right bread is needed to make it a stellar sandwich.\n\nNext up was a trio of scallops, mac and cheese, and New York strip steak. The scallops had a mango habanero beurre blanc and were topped with small cubes of mango. I hoped for some zing here when I heard habanero, and while there is a bit of flavor from the habanero, it's not enough to overwhelm the delicate scallops which were cooked perfectly. For my taste, I would have liked more habanero but this would be best for most people. The New York strip steak was rubbed with a cocoa espresso mixture and had a red wine demi-glacé. The steak was perfectly done and was very good. I took the end slice and got the full rub flavor--and it was still medium rare. Last, we had the mac and cheese which the menu is a secret. Having worked in a public school for 33 years, this is the way mac and cheese should be. Creamy, cheesy, tasty! Chef Harwell told us this was the first recipe he ever developed. Wow! A grand slam on your first try!\n\nIt was now time for dessert. We got the bourbon fudge brownie with brown butter bacon ice cream and two pieces of candied bacon. The other dessert was Banoffee Pie. Both were excellent. There is probably less than 1\/2 teaspoon of flour in the whole brownie. It's rich, dark chocolate with not much of a bourbon flavor but it is good. The ice cream was a perfect accompaniment. The Banoffee pie was the winner of the two. The bananas and cream with crumbs in a jar were a perfect combination. With the Banoffee were two chocolate biscotti.\n\nDuring lunch, Chef Harwell explained each of the dishes and he was a most genial host. Service was excellent. My iced tea was refilled without asking and at one time, a new glass was brought because the server felt my tea had been watered down too much by the melted ice. Clean plates and cutlery were given for each course.