We visited the Camelback Inn for my recent birthday. I think we made an excellent choice. This resort is so amazing, I loved the beauty of the resort and the amazing fountain in the arrival courtyard. After we checked in, we were lead to our Casita by a very charming man in a golf cart. Wouldn't you know, it just so happened that he had visited Pittsburgh recently (our home) and it was great hearing about his visit there. Our room was amazing. Our king room was huge, our balcony had a great view of Camelback mountain, plus we were next to the pool and the spa was nearby. The furnishings was beautiful, loved the southwest inspired design. Plus, the bed and linens are super comfy. Everything here is first rate. \n\nThe grounds here as so beautiful. We had traveled here from the dread of winter. Wow, the weather here was perfect. There are beautiful statues on the grounds, nice water features, beautiful plantings. Also, the grounds are very romantically lit in the evenings. We also loved the ambiance of the outdoor fire pits. \n\nMy bff spent an afternoon at the golf course. He really enjoyed it, although he said it wasn't one of the best courses he ever played. But it was great playing golf in the February. \n\nI visited the spa. I was very surprised how busy they were. The spa is very nice and relaxing. I didn't like that they didn't offer any privacy for changing, I glimpsed more T & A than I ever want to see again. But the robes were very nice and the spa slippers were very comfy. They kinda of had built in bumps to massage your feet as you walk. I loved them. \n\nI had the native hot stone massage. It was very, very relaxing. I also had the best facial ever. I had the Dr. Perricone Anti-aging Facial. Desiree, my aesthetician, was amazing. She totally revived my dry and flaky skin and literally made my face feel brand new. And the treatment was so relaxing, I dosed off more than once. She also gave me a relaxing leg, foot, arm and shoulder massage. My body really enjoyed the special treatment. My skin felt completely hydrated. What a great experience. \n\nDidn't try Sprouts, the spa restaurant. But we did dine at Rita's and B.L.T. My one regret is that we couldn't stay longer at the Camelback Inn. It's such a wonderful place.