When Meg and I heard that Johnny's had opened up in place of Lobby's, it felt like Christmas had come around all over again. We immediately made our way out to Johnny's to try them out. \n\nI got my usual standby: Cheese Burger with mushrooms. Meg got a combo burger so we could share the fries, drink, and fry sauce. The burger was cooked perfectly with the same great ingredients as it's predecessor. It's like they never left. The bun did taste a little different the first time around as if they used a potato bun or something but it didn't hurt the burger at all and they have either changed it back or it's no longer noticeable. Crinkle cut fries tasted great and the fry sauce is to die for.\n\nToday, I decided to put Johnny's to the test. For anyone who as read my scathing review of Poritillo's, you know I had recommended coming here instead when it was still Lobby's, despite the fact I had not had an Italian beef here. My faith in Lobby's at the time was unshakable and I had faith that Johnny's was no different. Today proved me 100% right. Meg and I shared a half dipped Italian Beef sandwich with hot peppers. I will say this, Johnny's does not mess around with the portion size. This thing could feed four people that's how huge it is. But we destroyed it as if we hadn't eaten in weeks. The beef was well seasoned with an Italian herb blend, had the perfect amount of au jus sauce,  and the hot peppers were legit hot which is a major plus to me. I could not have been more pleased with this sandwich which means now I have to have an internal debate every time I come in on whether or not I want a burger or this awesome sandwich. Only critique I have is that it came wrapped up in paper which, had it not been dipped, would have been fine. But in this case or even a fully dipped one I would recommend asking for it in a container instead or risk accidentally eating the wrapping.\n\nEvery time we've been the staff has always been friendly and seemed genuinely happy to be there. On our first visit and most of our subsequent stops here the manager\/cook Carlos took the time to greet us and even come talk to us once he had caught up on the food orders. Very friendly and remembered our names (or nickname in my case, no judgement though ;p ) even after only the first visit. He even remembered Meg just from a Yelp Talk thread showing he definitely takes a lot of time and pride in what he does here. \n\nAll in all, Johnny's is an amazing experience with great food and great people. I am happy to have them back and as good as ever.