So I just quit my shit job the other day & found out I got the job I really wanted today, so the misses & I were in celebration mode. We were thinking of going to the usual spots but I think we were both in the state of mind to try something new. We've seen this place every time we go to TJs & it popped into my brain. \nWe decided to sit inside. There's quite a lot of foot traffic in the patio area & didn't feel like being judged by the gym people. The interior is pretty cool. The walls open up to the patio area so even if you're inside, u get the open feel of a patio. The music was pretty good. Some songs you hear everywhere but some were more deep tracks.\nWe were a lil early for dinner, around 430 so we were greeted by the bartender. Really like the fact he didn't try to schmooze us, he was just quick & helpful. Sunny was our server & was great. We mentioned it was our first time here & asked her for recommendations. She happily obliged & seemed very knowledgeable. We had some of the tap wines for 7 bones a glass. I had the pinot noir, she had the cab. I liked mine better but hers was good too. C'mon, its wine. Either way I'm downing it.\nWe started off w the wings. We knew they were not traditional hot wings, they are BBQ. They were ok. Nothing exciting. I still destroyed them but I'm not ordering them again. They were on the sweet side & I'm sweet enough as it is. Ok main courses...I ordered the burger w bacon & fries, she had the southern style shrimp & grits.\nI got my burger and almost had an anxiety attack, recalling my experience from the place across the patio (see Cyprus Grill review) but this had all the characteristics of a decent burger...and it was. I ordered it medium but it was cooked medium well. Despite that, I still enjoyed it.\nMidfeast we switched plates. Damn, she got me. She had won this battle. Her dish was far superior. The grits were jalepeño cheddar...best grits I've ever had.....you know what I think I've only had grits one other time..but they sucked! These are great. The MVP of the night was the shrimp. These shrimp had dominated my fries & punched my burger right in the vajayjay. They woulda murdered all my wings too had they still been on the table. They were served on the grits w this tasty relish with bits of I think chorizo. They know how to cook shrimp to perfection here. Get some grits on your fork, top it w a shrimp, stick that in your cake hole & get ready to fucken die. It was so good it made me angry. My sweetheart was like, hey babe are u ok? You got the job, everything's gonna be ok. I'm like no its this fucking shrimp, its so delicious gawd damn it. She says ok just calm down, here...eat your burger. \nThe service was excellent. I'm not giving full marks because the wings were ok & my burger was cooked a lil too well but we will come back here to try some other dishes. Try it out.