I was pleasantly surprised with my experience here!  My husband and I caught a cab to Mandalay Bay because it was so hot there was no way we were going to make the walk.  Upon arrival just look for any sign that says pool or beach.  There are a couple of pool areas so just ask to make sure you're going to the right one.  HINT: If there are kids with their parents in line, you're probably in the wrong line! \n\nIf you don't have a reservation I'd recommend getting there 15 minutes early so you can get a free chair (they're limited).  My husband and I made a reservation so we arrived maybe an hour after it opened (I was really struggling from partying way too hard the night before... Gotta love Vegas).  Make sure you bring your ID!!!  You must be over 21 to get in, so I'd hate for you to travel all that way to get rejected.  They'll give you a wristband when you get there.  \n\nIf you make a reservation for a chair, lounge, or daybed admission is included (as it should be).  If you don't make a reservation, however it will likely cost you.  I don't remember the cost but it was reasonable compared to the other beach clubs at Encore and The Cromwell.  \n\nMy host was Kevin and he was really nice.  He continually checked on my husband and me if we needed anything.  The awesome thing was with the reservation we got free sodas and water in an ice bucket which was definitely needed in the 110 degree weather we were in.  It was so hot I was scared I was going to get sunburned.  Don't forget to bring a big ole bottle of sunscreen! \n\nThey had a DJ when we were there so the music was right and there was a nice blend of people.  I waited maybe an hour after we got there to go topless, and I must admit it was a freeing experience! lol!  The amount of ladies that went topless was about 1\/3, and there were women of all ages, shapes and sizes who went topless so it was honestly based on comfort level.  There weren't too many creepy guys (but there were a couple... Older guys with their wives who were pretending to read a book with sunglasses on but in a span of 20 minutes they never turned one page and were always looking around).\n\nEach section has a different server, mine was named Jaclyn who was equally gorgeous and sweet.  She gave us drink and food recommendations and if we ordered something and were in the pool she'd let us know when it was ready so we could get back to our chairs and eat.  They appear to have 3 pools (one is for select guests, but the other 2 are free to use), but they were all on the small side so it can get crowded but it honestly was just fine.\n\nIn all, I'd definitely go back - I'd reserve a chair - and I'd go topless :P\n\nTIPS: \nBring your ID (seriously just do it)\nBring a lot of sunscreen (you'll be reapplying regularly)\nIf you don't have a reservation get there like 15 minutes early to get chairs\nDon't try to bring anything stupid in (your bags get searched)