Hold onto that red pill Morpheus...I'm staying in this Matrix!\n\nI HATE THE DENTIST! Now that I got that out the way. I LOVE MATRIX DENTISTRY! When it comes to the dentist I have \"if it ain't broke, don't fix it\" mentality. Before I went to Matrix Dentistry I hadn't been to the dentist in 7 years. I thought I kept good hygiene, I brushed a few times a day. I didn't floss at much as I should cause i would always bleed when I did it. Thanks to Groupon I discovered Matrix Dentistry. All I wanted was what the Groupon said. A exam, cleaning, and whitening kit. You can't beat that for a $25 Groupon. Long story short, when I went and had my exam they found 4 cavities. And a bit of gum erosion thanks to... not flossing enough. I was surprised cause I never felt any pain or discomfort with my teeth. But all was fixable, turns out I needed a deep cleaning and my 4 fillings replaced. For someone who hates and avoids the dentist as much as I do. Hearing I needed all that was the worse news. They broke my procedure up into 4 sessions if I wanted which I did do. I hadn't been to the dentist in 7 years. Now I'm going 4 times in 1 year. Bummer!  But what really makes Matrix Dentistry so great is the staff. From top to bottom they make you feel comfortable while being very professional. Megan, their former receptionist was awesome. We talked about sports all kinds of things and she remembered our conversations each visit. And she always commented on how my shoes matched my shirt lol. Mr. and Mrs. Battaglia, the Dynamic Duo that runs the Dentistry are top notch. My first visit there I thought they were just assistants. They don't dress like your typical dentist, wearing some boring lab shirt or coat. The're young, and they rock black latex gloves like their UFC (Ultimate Fighting Championship for you people that just came out of from under that rock) refs which is awesome. Brittany Battaglia was very comforting as she was doing my deep cleaning. She explained to me every instrument she used and how she was going to use it. And if I needed her to stop at any time to let her know. She did such a good job I was asking her questions during my cleaning about other things besides my cleaning. I found out her grandmother lives in the same small town I was born in back in North Carolina. Adam is just as good. He gives a good strong handshake, that says a lot to me about a person. He stands by and appears very confident in his work. And you have to admire and respect someone who already owns their own practice at a young age. That to me says he knows his stuff, which he does. Whitney (I hope that's right) their dental assistant is cool. She assisted on both my fillings and was great. Her personality and laugh was bubbly and infectious. When she was doing my mold for my whitening trays she had me laughing. Which is a good thing when she shoves that molding paste in your mouth. As you can tell from my long in the tooth (ha ha get the bad joke!) review, I enjoyed my time at Matrix Dentistry. If your looking for a place to get your teeth done, you can't go wrong.  If i left out anyone in my review i do apologize, all of you are great as welI at what you do. I will go there for my check ups instead of waiting years and years. As long as they keep doing what they're doing. I'll look forward to every visit to Matrix Dentistry.