Las Vegas is Disneyland for adults and dining at Enoteca Otto Pizzeria in the Venetian is a pretty good representation of that.  Enoteca Otto Pizzeria has both indoor and outdoor (or pseudo outdoor) dining here.  To get the maximum faux design, you will want to eat in their outdoor dining area that is modeled after an Italian train station.\n\nThe pseudo outdoor area has nice tables.  At the center of the restaurant is a cylinder train tower that appears to be used for curing meats.  The canal shoppes surround this restaurant (fake buildings, statues that come to life and that blue sky, which I think looks better here than the skies at the Forum Shops or Paris).\n\nOtto (as well as its surroundings) features that Disneyfied decor\/atmosphere, but it also has the backing of a celebrity chef (Mario Batali).  We went here for lunch and the pricing was reasonable (when compared to the many overpriced Vegas restaurants).  Pizzas went about $18 while pastas were about $20 or less.  You would expect to pay at least that for most sit-down restaurants in nice Vegas casinos.\n\nThe complimentary bread was packaged crispy breadsticks followed by focaccia bread (with olive oil and balsamic vinegar).  Standard stuff.\n\nWe ordered the tomato, mozzarella, prosciutto, and arugula pizza.  This is one of the better pizzas Mario Batali and Nancy Silverton serve at Pizzeria Mozza in West Hollywood.  This pizza at Otto was okay but not great.  The pizzas had a thin and crispy crust, but it lacked both the flavor and the chewy and crispy texture of the Mozza crust.\n \nThe flavor of the pizza at Otto was okay.  It was a little salty, but that is kind of common with these prosciutto pizzas.  The pizza had too much tomato sauce as it oozed out with each bite.\n\nWe also had the Brussels sprouts with pancetta.  Brussels sprouts can be a little off-putting, but I have had good versions of it like the Brussels sprouts salad with vibrant fruit at The Bazaar or the tender Brussels sprouts with salty pancetta and creamy parsnip puree at AOC.  These Brussels sprouts were boring in flavor.\n\nIn addition, the pancetta was not good.  It did not really taste like pancetta.  Instead, it tasted like country ham.  While I was not a big fan of the flavor, they were definitely generous with the portion size.\n\nBefore ordering, the staff informed me that none of their pastas were housemade.  It was disappointing, but we forged ahead and went with a thick spaghetti dish that came with tomato, cured pork and onion.  Unfortunately, the pasta was served a little cold.  Also, the tomato sauce looked like it had dried on the spaghetti; it appeared that it had been sitting around for a while (it also had that appearance of re-heated pasta though I doubt the cooks would do that here).\n\nThe flavor was not that great.  It just tasted liked cold tomato sauce. There was not much of the pork and onion.  My friends really did not enjoy the dish and asked the server to remove the dish.  Not something I would do.  No matter how bad I usually eat whatever is put in front of me.  What can I say?  I am a good guest.  The staff did kindly remove the item off the bill without further discussion.\n\nFor dessert, they were out of our first choice (fried dates) so we settled on a scoop of housemade salted caramel gelato.  The gelato was not well presented.  They filled the gelato in a cold sundae cup.  There was not much gelato above the rim of the sundae cup though.  It was flat too--like someone had flattened the top with a spatula.\n\nDespite the presentation, the gelato was actually quite good (and better than the gelato we had at Mario Batali's other and more expensive Vegas restaurant Carnevino).  The gelato was cold and creamy.  The flavor was good.  It was both salty and sweet.  They sprinkled some sea salt on it to give it a more pronounced salty taste.  Despite the salt flavor though, the sweetness of the caramel still came across.\n\nService was very good.  We were served by a waiter and a waitress. Both servers were dressed casually and they were friendly and funny but also polite and attentive.\n\nAfter having mostly positive experiences at Mozza, I was hoping that Otto could become a good Vegas spot for tasty food at reasonable prices.  Unfortunately, most of the food here was average to below average.  Otto is definitely a Vegas restaurant in how it makes the most of its faux but still nice atmosphere.  Unfortunately, the food here is too similar to many other Vegas restaurants in how it is not worth the money and lacking in both flavor and quality ingredients.\n\nComplimentary parking (including valet) is available at the Venetian Hotel.