This is the kind of place that I'm like, seriously - why did I not think of this?  In college, I had a full blown nacho addiction.  I corrupted the majority of my girlfriends to the same fate, guiding them to 7-11 and showing them my systematic way of keeping the chips separate while nearly bankrupting the fake cheese sauce machine into the container with the jalapeno slices.  But this was only the gateway drug, soon I moved on to the various 'bertos and Super Burritos of the valley eager for more more!  \n\nIt's been a minute since then, but when I discovered this new nacho-only spot downtown last First Friday - I was like my old college self, leading my troop from our beers at the Roosevelt down a few blocks to the promise land: Nachobot.  \n\nTrue to downtown style, it is located in a cozy old house with about one big table inside.  There was exactly 1 cool dude that was working as the order taker, cashier, and the magical nacho maker.  I think I should call him Mr. Bot.  My BF kind of gave me a look when I suggested we each order our own (he likes to share)  so Mr. Bot suggested we do a lil' half and half compromise.  I had the side with the roasted garlic, caramelized mushrooms, and cheese (omg), and he had the side with the slow cooked Colorado beef with a spicy red sauce and yes, more cheese.  There were chopsticks to eat with, but that would have just slowed me down and prevented me from licking my fingers of all the cheese sauce goodness that was Nachobot.  I really appreciated that the cheese was not just the pre-shredded variety haphazardly thrown on there and expected to melt with the addition of other toppings ('bertos I'm talking to you), nor was it that machine orange cheese sauce (how my standards have improved since college, in all ways).  The Bot cheese is a delicious sauce concoction that is made from scratch so it stays gooey and melty, and is LAYERED and weaved into every last tortilla chip along with the toppings so that it feels like that first top bite right until the very end.  \n\nShockingly, we took some leftovers home.  I actually heated them up and ate them in the morning.  I did not share (it was like 4 chips!).  After announcing that I was making my famous sausage biscuits and gravy for breakfast my BF asks what happened to that leftover nachobot? and then his pouty face came out.    \n\nHe actually tried to go back the next day for lunch while retrieving his car from downtown.  They aren't open for lunch, but they are open until 4:00am, which is just how it should be.  See you soon Mr. Bot!