Mekong Palace is located off Dobson Rd. and Main St. in Mesa.  This food court eatery is located inside the Mekong Plaza shopping center.  Mekong Palace is a trifecta of a restaurant.  During the day they offer up Dim Sum, the evenings it's either classic Chinese dining or Hot Pot!\n\nDim Sum is what I like to call Asian Tapas.  Dim sum, literally translated, means \"touch of the heart.\" Traditional legend says that women would make dim sum dishes for their husbands before they went off to work.  For this reason, dim sum is very labor intensive, made up of small Bo-Bite-sized pieces (usually served in dishes of 2-4 pieces) with attention to detail; even going so far as lines on dumpling wrappings.  Dim sum is traditionally served for breakfast and lunch and is considered an art form amongst Chinese chefs. \n\nModern day Dim Sum is served by the waitstaff pushing carts around and in between tables, while patrons view and select the dishes in the carts.  My family and I usually go on Sunday mornings like most Asian families.  I jokingly call this Sunday gathering Chinese Church.  Dim Sum is also called \"Yum Cha\" or drinking tea since tea is the choice of beverage.\n\nMekong has all your favorite Dim Sum plates from Siu Mai, Cha Siu Bow, Nah My Guy to Guy Lans and Nai Wong Bows.  Yes, I know, it sounds so foreign, but it's the only way to order it.  No worries, the servers translate all these dishes in English well.   Make sure you bring a Chinese speaking friend.  Not only is it almost a requirement, but makes it more fun, as well.  I love the Dim Sum here not just because the food is great, but because of the atmosphere.  Mekong rocks out on classic Andy Lau, Jacky Cheung, and Vivian Chow music playing while you enjoy a great meal with family and friends.\n\nDuring the evening, Mekong Palace pumps out great Chinese cuisine.  They have everything from your favorite Kung Pao Chicken to your Sweet and Sour Pork.  However, they also have some great classic authentic Chinese dishes such as Stir-fried Lobster, Mapo Tofu, and my favorite, Stir-fried String beans and pork.  \n\nThink that's it?  Well think again!  Mekong Palace also offers up Hot Pot style dining.  Here at Mekong you get your own pot of hot boiling stew and choice of flavor, while cooking your own ingredients made to order; fresh chopped vegetables, round eye beef and diced calamari.  I love eating Hot Pot here since it's very tasty and also very affordable.  At $2-$3 per plate, this place can get you full real quick at a very fair value