Ten word summary: The food and service was good but everything was overpriced.\n\nI had low expectations when I made reservations for this restaurant because of two things. One - restaurants usually have a lot of kinks to work out when they newly open. Two - I had a bad experience the last time I went to a restaurant associated with Drake.\n\nI came here on a Sunday afternoon\/night (my reservation was at 4:45 pm because they didn't have reservations during regular dinner time). We were greeted by a friendly staff and seated. I love the decor of the restaurant but as another reviewer mentioned, there's not enough TV and there's a glare making it hard to watch the game. \n\nWe ordered several dishes to share: Open Face Gyoza ($16 for 3), Hot Stone Bowl ($19 - they have a typo in their description of this dish :P), BBCG ($16), Lobster Spaghetti à la Montréal Style ($39), 8-Hour Braised Kalbi Style Short Rib ($36), Snow Crab Maki ($22 for 8), and Matcha Tiramisu ($13 - not on the menu).\n\nThe open face gyoza was nice, crunchy and delicious. The hot stone bowl was so so. It's nice to order it to go with the Kalbi short rib and to make sure you're not starving at the end of the meal. My friend suggested that we order the broccoli since Drake mentioned that he likes broccoli. This dish was a pass. I wouldn't order it again. I also wish they brought it out with the Kalbi short rib and the hot stone bowl instead of with the open face gyoza. I felt like it was more of a side dish than an appetizer. \n\nThe lobster spaghetti tasted cheap to me and not worth the $39. It's not that it tasted bad but I feel like lobster and bolognese don't really go that well together. The Kalbi short rib was very tender, flavourful and I have no complaints about the portion. The snow crab maki was good but overpriced. It was deliciously made but I'm sure I've had something similar at other restaurants for cheaper. I also would've preferred it if they brought out the maki before the spaghetti and the short rib. Since the maki has a more delicate flavour compared to the heavier dishes of spaghetti and Kalbi, I thought the progression would've been better if the maki came out first. It's just a personal preference but for the price we're paying, I feel like there needs to be closer attention to detail.\n\nThe matcha tiramisu had a nice, strong matcha taste at the top. I thought that it was a nice and interesting twist to the original tiramisu. The cream itself was mediocre. It was overly sweet and I felt like I was just eating condensed milk. I also felt that the presentation was very disappointing because it came in the same glass as our water glass.\n\nI didn't have any issues with the food coming out late. However, there weren't that many diners in the restaurant since we ate dinner at such an odd time. I also had no issues with the staff. Yes, the food is expensive but that's expected. I would only come back here if I was around the area or if Drake decided to bring me here on a date.