Could this be the worst McDonald's in the country? \n\nI don't understand why so many parents  think that McDonald's is a safe place to bring children. Usually, when I go to a McDonald's there is garbage all over the floor, piss n sh!t all over the walls in the restrooms, and all types of homeless loiterers eating packets of ketchup and drinking half & half.  When I was a kid in California I witnessed a stabbing at a McDonalds in Orange County. A few years later at that same location, a federal agent shot and killed a criminal who ran into the restaurant to hide.  At 3 McDonald's locations in Las Vegas, I was inappropriately hit on by a worker. I have seen perhaps over 100 physical fights between high school kids at McDonald's locations all around America. So, why would you let your kids come here and witness that crap while playing in that urine filled ball pit? \n\nWell, you can always argue about which McDonalds is \"the worst\", but you can't argue about which McDonalds is the CHEAPEST! . Let me give you some reasons why:\n-They got that deal where any size drink is only $1.00, yet they always claim they are out of large cups. Everyone gets the a small size. That's okay for dine-in customers who get refills, but if you are using the drive-thru, you get totally ripped off.\n-No f*cking lids for your cups! What the F*cking F*ck? I came here in 2010, and they said that \"they just ran out\". I came here in 2011, and they said \"they just ran out\". I came here 3 days ago and they still said \"they just ran out\". Gimme a break! They just won't reorder the lids cause they are cheap and trying to cut back on costs!\n- No Napkins?!!!! What the hell? There are no napkins anywhere on the restaurant floor. They got a weird policy where you only get like 2 napkins with each order. Now, that's CHEAP!\n-Sauces ain't free here...but I've actually seen that policy at other McDonald locations so I won't go on a profanity filled rant about that one.\n-The Bathroom is not for everyone! They have to screen you and determine if you are eligible for bathroom use. I know that most the people at home are reading this and thinking that I am lying about that one...but, just look at the reviews below if you don't believe me. If you look \"shady\", they won't allow you to use the restroom. And guess what??? The bathroom didn't have any paper towels, and the sticky stuff on the walls tasted bitter...(okay the last part about the sticky stuff was a joke, but the bathrooms didn't have paper towels..Now that's CHEAP!)\n\nTo make things worse, the staff is constantly fighting each other. The cutey-pie teenage girls at the counter are always arguing and fighting with the gigantic battle-scarred guys in the kitchen. No one wants to sit there, and watch a bunch of min-wage workers yelling at each other! \n\nThe food here is worse than a typical McDonald's. They don't even know how to make the sandwiches properly. I had no tomato in my Daily Double. And I ended up getting a tomato in my Hot N Spicy McChicken. (For anyone who doesn't live in Nevada: In Nevada, McDonald's has a different regional menu. Daily Double and Hot N Spicy probably don't exist in your states.) \n  \nAfter seeing all the fighting and rudeness of the workers, I knew they would lose my order. And guess what? They did lose my order! So I had to wait another 5-10 minutes for them to make me a new one.\n\nMaybe the rudest worker was the guy mopping the floor. He didn't speak any English besides for a few curse words. Just to be nice to him, me and my friends decided not to throw away our trash and instead threw it on the floor for him to enjoy.\n\nSo, I ask again: Why do parent's think that McDonald's is a safe place to bring kids? What are you parents gonna do when your 5 year old finds a dead body in full rigor mortis while playing in the ball pit? Are you ready to deal with all those years of PTSD? Believe me, it will happen someday...