Attention Tourists. DONT GO HERE. This place is only in business because of you and it pains me that you still walk through the doors expecting a good experience. Ugh. The location right near the CN Tower and Convention Center is the only thing this place has going for it. \n\nAttending a Conference at the MTCC this week, with a team of 7 we had been allotted an hour and half between speakers to grab some lunch. An hour and a half should be plenty of time at 1pm for a sit down meal, especially if we choose somewhere that caters to \"lunch specials.\"\n\nIt had been a LONG morning and we were very hungry. We entered the doors and a server approaches us. The restaurant is nearly empty. He asks how many we are and goes to see what table he can. The (presumably) Manager comes up, asks how many we are and we tell him we are being taken care of. He says \"Yeah, that guy doesn't know anything\" grabs some menus and motions for us to follow.  We are seated right beside the open kitchen. \n\nOur server comes, grabs waters etc. The style of services is very casual. (Going Around the table) \"Water for me, water, water...\" *server interrupting* \"SO like who wants something that isn't water? He fetches the drinks and we order.\n\nFor anyone who doesn't know, the whole DEAL with East Side Marios is the endless salad and bread. I order \"Soup, Salad, Bread\" and my coworkers order various lunch specials. The first 3 tiny loaves come out with butter, and two bowls of wilted and lifeless salad and we dig in, starving. At least the server offered us parmesen for the Ceaser. The green salad is far worse than i remember, NO flavour on the iceburg lettuce at all. \n\nMy soup arrives, less than a 4 ounce ladle of Campbell's style Minestrone complete with way overcooked pasta I am sure from several re-heatings.  I eat it in less than 2 minutes. It is supposed to be endless, so I will ask for another bowl. 15 min later the server comes by, brushing his sideswept bangs he confirms that I want another bowl of soup, and he might as well get us some more salad and bread. \n\nSoup comes, I eat it (4 ounces part 2) gazing at the two bowls of salad sitting on the warm counter in the kitchen (we are right beside the kitchen.) Servers are wandering by slowly as the restaurant is mainly empty. The manager walks buy, all seeing the bowls waiting to be run out, no one makes an effort. My OTHER-unfortunate-soup-ordering-coworker-as-ravenous-as-I-am jokes that he will fetch it himself. We finally get the salads, no bread. I ask for bread, it never comes, I'm hungry, giving server \"looks\" and we are running out of time. The server comes over to deposit a butter I asked for earlier (we have no bread at this point) and touches me warmly on the arm. Seriously.\n\nWe get the bill, my boss pays. I continue to grumble about bread and slowly begin to settle into the fact that I will be watching the afternoons set of presenters with 8 ounces of minestrone and some iceberg lettuce swishing in my stomach. We are late, as this entire experience took WELL over an hour.\n\nMy one smart coworker bounced to King St and had a lovely and enjoyable lunch elsewhere grr.\n\nThe food is horrible, the service is horrible, the bread is decent, if you can manage to get your hands on any. Avoid.