Although Treasure Island (from this time forward abbreviated TI) has largely abandoned the pirates theme, the pirates never left the Strip. They just put on business suits and have hijacked the majority of the resorts by holding tourists and locals hostage with deceitful resort fees, evil parking charges, and faster than you can say \"Oh hoy mate\" another treacherous charge. Ironically these pirates have spared TI from the parking fees. What a concept! Offer complimentary parking to a guest that will spend money and they just might stay at your property. The free parking is a wise business move. From reading some of the TI reviews, the consensus has moved from an outdated low tier resort to the generous resort that stands apart from its corporate pirate infiltrated neighbors. It was the free parking with wanting to stay in a resort I never slept in that swayed us to spend a family vacation here from February 23 to March 1. This week here is in addition to several other visits in the past as a local and tourist.\n\n  As far as parking garages go, this one is a breeze to navigate. It is attached to a signaled entrance at Spring Mountain Road. There is no need to drive on the Strip unless you are using valet. The garage itself is nicely laid out. Instead of a maze there is a feeder ramp that connects the levels.\n\n Despite the fact that parking is free the corporate pirates have not totally abandoned TI. There is still a $35 a night resort fee. On a positive note there is a $79 a night TV special where the resort fee is optional and the pool is included. \n\n One of the reasons that TI has free parking is that it is the only Strip property that is individually owned. Phil Ruffin who owned the late New Frontier owns TI. From the consumer standpoint it is nice to see a real person instead of a corporate pirate bean counter run a Strip hotel.  \n\nOne detail has escaped the owner's attention. This is the uninviting aroma of the casino. To put it nicely, TI is the worst smelling casino on the Strip. It's as if the water from the former Buckaneer Bay got soaked under the casino. The smell does not permeate into the rooms and other public areas.  \n\n TI is in a great location. The nice thing is that we stayed in a low tier resort in the shadow of luxory. By means of pedestrian bridges, TI is connected to the Venetian, The Wynn, and Fashion Show. When the monorail operates it is also connected to the Mirage. \n\n This is the first Strip resort that we stayed at for a week yet spent so little time in the public areas. A major reason is that after TI largely abandoned the pirates theme causing me to some extent to abandoned my time here. This started when they replaced the catchy skull & bones sign for the ordinary TI LCD sign. The once unique resort lost some of its \"Wow\" factor. A few years later they ditched their Sirens show and part of Buckaneer Bay for a CVS and Avengers attraction. As fate had it after TI ditched the free show and to a large degree their identity, Wynn created a free water show across the street. In our case they lost money to the CVS owing to the fact that instead of hanging out in a bar at a casino that lost a lot of the theme, I brought a 24 ounce beer to the room. Another reason that we spent minimal time in the public areas is that the eateries are overpriced. An example is that the same tall cup of Starbucks coffee that cost $4.32 here costs $2.75 at Fashion Show. For the price I would have paid in their Coffee Shop, there were better dining experiences the Venetian and Forum Shops. \n\n Despite the fact that we spent little time in the casino on this vacation, I have spent time there before as a local and tourist. I want to emphasize that at the same time it is a nice casino with the upbeat \"Its Vegas Baby!\" environment there are nicer properties including themed ones with unique identities a short walk away. \n\nWe stayed in room 17043 in the north tower. It was a cozy and clean room. Our mountain view was a Presidential view overlooking a Trump Tower rising above Fashion Show. In response to the popular hotel question, \"How many outlets are in the room?\" There are 3. The room included 2 comfortable queen beds overlooking a flat screen LG TV. It included central air. The nice thing was the white noise that blocked out the train and traffic below. Even nicer was the bathtub, an amenity that some hotels are passing over. There was security checking the room key at the casino level elevator bank. \n\nIn late February we did not spend time at the pool. From past visits I am cognizant that it is a decent size pool that is a relatively short walk from the elevator bank. This leads to the point of TI being a relatively small resort where the amenities and eateries are relatively close together. \n\nFrom my experience staying here, I would recommend TI. On account of the fact that parking is free, I am returning the generosity by rounding up my 3.5 rating to 4 Stars.