I feel like Cafe Modena deserves an update from me.  So here it is. \n\nI came across Cafe Modena a few years back and it is one of my favorite spots to eat at when I'm in the area, like I'd be here at least 4-5 times a month. It's located off of Spencer and Warm Springs inside of a bar named Chris's Place, the bar and dining area are actually separate so it doesn't feel like a bar.  Entering and looking around you'll probably think that there is no way the food here is any good, the decor is old and most of the time I've been there it's empty except for the party I'm with and some smaller parties but I can I assure you the food here is excellent. I mean it's not \"Woohoo! As good as it gets!\" like what 5 stars means but it's made very well, always consistent in the quality, and taste very good for traditional, non-fusion type of food, better than your standard neighborhood bar food.\n\nMy favorite here are the calzones definitely the calzones. The regular calzones are reasonably priced at about $8-10 and are huge.  They even offer a large for $5 more and those are a beast. I've never gotten a burnt or undercooked one. The insides are filled with nothing but deliciousness.  There's a plain, a vegetarian, spinach, grilled chicken, ham, and pepperoni and I've had them all my favorite being the spinach. Cafe Modena is actually my preferred place in Vegas for a calzone.\n\nWhen I'm not ordering a calzone which doesn't happen that often my 2nd favorite is the Big Fat Gyro with Tzatziki Sauce and fries. Gyros are still pretty new to me and I've only had them at a handful of places. They're good, I enjoy them.  It's one of the items others ordered often.\n\nNothing here is what you would call small. In fact for the price the amount of food is generous. I came here one Friday looking for a small meal and ordered chicken quesadilla apps. Thinking it was going to be way to small for me I decided to add the wings and fries special which was only like $7. The chicken quesadilla had a nice thick mixture of cheese and chicken. It was plenty filling on it's own and I still had the wings and fries coming.  When the wings came out I ate a couple of the wings and called timeout. There were about 10 wings and large pile of fries, no way I could finish that after eating most of the quesadilla. \n\nThe lasagna and spaghetti are two other excellent choices. The rest of the menu are your usual items like pizzas, pastas, soup, salads, sandwiches, burgers, ribs, etc but they'll probably be big in portions and low in price. The daily specials are also a deal.\n\nAs I said earlier the decor are kind of old. It's dressed in pink and turquoise pastel colors with a couple old televisions but it has cable and is spacious.