I'm sad as I write this review because this place was one of my favorite places to get drinks in Vegas but it is not anymore. My recent visit was such a disappointment!\n\nI liked getting Thai Tea and other flavored teas here. Prices were reasonable. I guess you can say a little overpriced but most of the drinks at any cafe these days costs a bit more than franchised coffee shops like Starbucks and Coffee Bean. Nevertheless, I think I have to say goodbye to Is Sweet.\n\nMy boyfriend and I walked in after eating pho next door and there was only only 3 other people at the cafe. They took forever to order but yeah I ordered as soon as they were done. My order was simple; Thai Tea and Taro Frappe.\n\nI waited and waited. As I see the time and the time printed on my receipt, it has been 12 minutes since. Theres 2 people working but come on. Making those 2 drinks shouldnt take more than 5 minutes. We finally received out drinks after 17 minutes of ridiculous wait and my boyfriend's so called Taro Frappe was very bland and tasteless. I dont know what Taro powder they use but it tasted nothing but just milk. To add, it wasnt sweet either. I asked them to make it sweeter and they did. Did it make it sweet? Not really. Maybe a tiny bit. It wasnt the flavor he or I was looking for in a typical Taro Frappe.\n\nMy Thai Tea was just as good as before. But I'm lactose intolerant so I couldnt drink much because I didnt have any lactaid with me. Should have asked for soymilk instead but I totally forgot they carry them. If you are lactose like me, please substitute with soy. They do charge extra for it but at least it will be worth to do so.\n\nTables were somewhat dirty. It wasnt wiped completely. I dont think they ever come out and clean the tables. I always see them busy behind the bar and I dont know whats keeping them so busy. My drinks came out way too late and I wasnt too satisfied with it.\n\nCutesy interior and tables & chairs are unique. However, if they dont speed up preparing your drinks, they will irritate other customers too. Perhaps hire more workers if they take THAT long making them. \n\nParking is plenty and it is located in not-so-busy plaza so dont need to worry about that. They do have a restroom and it is clean.