I have been using Progressive Pest Control for about a year and a half now. Throughout the duration of my service I have been very happy with them, until today.\nI like Progressive because-\nThe technicians are always kind and polite, show up on time and do a good job.\nI haven't had any problems with pests of any-kind since I started using there service.\nWhen I first signed with them I signed onto a year contract. I had called to cancel my contract a couple times and was told that I couldn't without paying a fee. They were always really nice about letting me push my service back a month though.\nAt the end of this year I am leaving to go to Law School. Since I will no longer be living in the house and I need to save money before my move, I called to cancel my service. I was sure it wouldn't be a problem since I was definitely over the time limit of my contract date. \nWhen I called the person who picked up the phone happened to be the owner. I explained that I wanted to cancel my service because I was moving at the end of the year and I need to save money. She said that I had signed a year contract it wasn't up till  September. I said that was over a year ago. She said the contract automatically renews unless you give thirty days notice. She also said she didn't show any notes that I called to cancel my service prior to this phone call. I asked her if there was anyway I could just cancel my service anyways. She said according to the contract I would have to pay $150.00 to stop my service. I don't know if she was having a bad morning, or what, but during our conversation up to this point, she had interrupted every question I had and never once even suggested a tone of sympathy or understanding or said anything along the lines of \"let me see if there is something I can do for you\", or \"I'm sorry about this situation, maybe we can come to a compromise\". The intention of my phone call wasn't to run a scam, or shirk responsibility, I just wanted to stop service.\nAt this point in the conversation I am pretty pissed off. \nI told her that obviously if I don't have the $30 a month I don't have a $150 to cancel. She started to interrupt me again! I then said \"I don't know why your f*$%ing business doesn't have records that I have called to cancel but I have\". At this point she said I don't need to hear you refer to my f*^&ing business. I started to interrupt her (as she had been doing to me the entire time), and she hung up on me. \nThats right, the owner of the business hung up on me.\nAll I wanted to do was cancel my service, craziness.\nA minute later she called me back on my cell phone.\nShe told me she had cancelled my service and I wouldn't have to pay a fee, but not without me getting a lecture from her first.\nI tried once against to explain that I was upset, I even tried to apologize, but she just wouldn't let me talk.\nAll in all, that was really weird, and upsetting.\nI know I have had service with them for over a year. September was mid way through my school semester at UNLV. I didn't sign the contract during the last school semester. I signed it when I was still with my then-boyfriend, two semesters prior to the last at minimum. \nI have had great service from them, and I really like my tech, and in general until today things have been smooth.\nIt was very surprising to get yelled at, interrupted by and hung up on by the owner.\nI don't know what to say...I think I am in shock from the whole thing. \nI am glad that she finally cancelled my contract and that I will not have to talk to her again, thats for sure.