Possibly the worst meal I've ever had at a restaurant. I was expecting much more considering the quaint interior and white linen draped table tops but I was deceived; royally!\n\nFirst Course: A veggie egg roll that was over fried a few minutes too long. The only veggie I could identify was a piece of broccoli, the rest, unsure.  I had the feeling (by taste) that the egg roll was taken directly out of the freezer and thrown into an extremely high temp deep fryer. The bed of cole slaw that the egg roll sat upon lacked any acidity or taste. Even worse, the egg roll and slaw were served on a damaged serving plate. The plate was cracked! \n\nSecond Course: Cucumber and tomato salad, hummus and pita bread. The salad was missing any trace of vinaigrette or fragrant herbs. Just a bowl of cut up tomatoes and sliced cucumbers; no seasoning. The texture on the cucumbers was slightly slimy, possibly starting to turn. The hummus had a gritty texture (I like it creamy) as though the olive oil was omitted. \n\nMain Course: A total disaster! Risotto or rice pilaf wrapped in a skirt steak, pan fried, and served on  a bed of Spanish rice. My steak was impossible to cut with a steak knife and the middle was blood red. I had one bite and could not get another piece as the steak was to tough The Spanish rice tasted like it was cooked without any seasoning then was over seasoned before being served. I did notice the unfinished plates of other customers who were having the same meal. I could tell this was not a fan favorite. Unfortunate. \n\nDessert: We had the server box it up to go. Never ate it. \n\n I would like to note that the co-owner did approach us about our untouched meals and asked us if we would share some feedback. I  expressed my disappointment with the dinner providing detail of what was wrong with every item.  He seemed surprised with my candidness. I then asked him if he had ever tried the meal to which he responded, \"No, I'm a very picky person.\"  He was very apologetic and gave us 10% off the bill and asked us to come back. He mentioned there were some changes being made to the menu and that he would discuss our feedback with the cook. We then had to drive to the ATM up the block to get cash to pay for our meal because their credit card machine was out of service. One catastrophe after another.