The Petersen Arena is a somewhat new stadium built on Pitt's campus.  It's mostly used for Pitt Basketball and concerts.  In fact, the first act to play here was Counting Crows in 2002.  As far as college arenas are concerned, it's a pretty good one.  The sightlines are pretty good and as for the sound, well that depends on who you see.  I'm a Pitt grad myself and I've been to a few basketball games here. \n\nSo anyway, I was here for the Robert Plant and Band of Joy concert along with my brother Paul and my father Robert.  Bro and I went halfsies on Dad's Christmas gift, and since Dad's a huge music fan like I am, we thought this'd be a great gift.  Being that this was Robert Plant, it was a heavy sale and we had to content ourselves with seats in sec. 103, at an angle to the stage and on the other end of the arena.\n\nNo matter, it was a fantastic show.  Why is it that some older artists are content to coast on hits of 30-40 years ago, each time sounding a little more worse for the wear?  Whereas other artists keep moving their careers forward and still obviously enjoy what they are doing?  Robert Plant falls into the latter catagory.  He's been expolring the roots of American Music these past few years, particularly with Alison Krauss (which was a show I would have loved to have seen when they came through).  \n\nBut this was an evening of a LOT of covers and he opened up with \"Gallows Pole\", performing a version closer to the original than the one his \"previous\" band (the one with the initials LZ) did.  So he opened up with a cover of a song his old band covered.  And to my Chicago Yelp friend Melanie, sorry but he did do \"Angel Dance\", itself a cover of a Los Lobos song.  Being that I'm a 90s chick who grew up in part on Alt Country, I was amazed to hear a version of Uncle Tupelo's \"Satan, Your Kingdom Must Come Down.\"\n\nThe whole evening was a mix of rock, gospel, blues, and country and in a couple of instances, Plant let a couple of Band of Joy members step up to the mike.  Patty Griffin also provided a great contrast to his voice.\n\nO but he did get the Led out on a couple of numbers!  You could be sure of that, folks.  I never did get the chance to see Led Zeppelin 'cos I was born a year or two before they broke up.  But I'm glad to say I've seen Robert Plant and I'm so glad he's not coasting on the oldies.\n\n(Note:  This review sat unfinished for several days while I was recuperating from the flu)