Gibby's is without a doubt as good as it gets. Not only as a restaurant, but also as a life experience.\n\nThe restaurant is unapologetically unhip, rustic, and old-fashioned. From the minute you are escorted your table, it is clear that you are a VIP guest being closely looked after. Virtually everything served is made in house. They do not cut corners here and for their efforts they are rewarded with endless customer loyalty.\n\nUpon sitting, you are immediately served with a loaf of delicious home baked bread that is still hot and has the consistency of pastry. Spread with butter and the complimentary homemade bacon bits, it's like biting into the forbidden apple in the garden of Eden.\n\nYou are also supplied with a never ending supply of dill pickles as well as full fat cottage cheese with chopped green onions (upon request). Up to this point, there is no charge for anything listed in this review.\n\nPair the free bites with a stiff drink or three and you are already well positioned for a great evening. Then comes the famous Gibby's salad included with every meal. It is a fairly simple salad composed of mixed greens and tomatoes. Where it excels however is with the addition of the homemade garlic dressing, homemade croutons, fresh cracked pepper, and anchovies (on request). \n\nAfter a few slices of the bread with butter, bacon bits, pickles, and salad, usually someone at the table will say that they are full and don't even need a main course. Ignore these people for surely they are deeply unhappy and damaged. They might even be a danger to themselves and the public.\n\nThe steaks here are both humongous and divine. While they don't get the same level of caramelization on the crust as some classic American steakhouses, they do come with spices and chopped garlic upon request and are usually cooked to perfection. From memory, they have 2 sizes of filet mignon, a gigantic sirloin, and the mighty ribsteak. Other spectacular dishes are the rack of lamb served in the classic style with classic mint jelly, shish kebab, and beef Wellington. \n\nOn the seafood side, their butterfly shrimp is spectacular. You are served with about 8 or 9 huge butterflied shrimp which are lightly dusted with garlic breadcrumbs and served with garlic butter. They also have lobster tails, and fresh fish which is well prepared....but seriously, don't ruin your life by ordering the fish. We're here for a good time, not a long time.\n\nEach meal is also accompanied by a side. Gibby's signature side is the Monte Carlo potato which consists of a twice baked potato prepared with sour cream and bacon. It is outstanding and actually goes well with the garlic butter or mint jelly if you happen to have them on your plate.\n\nDesserts are also stellar, but somewhere between the salad and the main, even the seasoned bon vivant will throw in the towel and beg for mercy before it is offered. Most often, we are served with their (say it again......) HOMEMADE and complimetary birthday cake which is made with real butter cream and oranges or peaches. Even if you are busting at the seams, have a bite of this. It's beyond solid and tastes even better when eaten the next day on an empty stomach.\n\nDid I mention you are served with a small cup of sorbet to cleanse the palate between the salad course and main course? Did I mention that the salad and the side dish, as well as the bread, bacon, pickles, cottage cheese, sorbet, and even mint chocolates are all included in the price of a main course? Did I mention that a meal here averages somewhere between 40-60$ per person before wine? This is what makes Gibby's a special place. While certainly not inexpensive, you get spectacular food and value for every dollar spent. I'm genuinely grateful that this place exists and in my humble opinion it continues to define the gold standard for dinner in Montreal.