Awesome rocking chairs and delicious pancakes! This pretty much sums up my opinion of Cracker Barrel.\n\nThere are two Cracker Barrel restaurants serving Nevada and I am so excited about this! I had no idea until I was looking for an In N Out away from the Strip. En route to the burger joint....low and behold....we discover Cracker Barrel right next door located in North Las Vegas. So, I immediately changed plans for breakfast the next day! \n\nI was first introduced to Cracker Barrel by conversation from friends who were originally from Florida and Georgia. While we have IHOP and Denny's on the West Coast, they have Cracker Barrel on the East. But, they are oh so different from each other!\n\nMy first dining experience at Cracker Barrel was when I was in Millington, TN for five days. It was at the top of my list, so we had our first breakfast there. At that time, they were offering Blackberry Pancakes as a seasonal menu item. Pancakes plus a side of scrambled eggs, bacon, and a cup of coffee made my day. My meal was excellent! The pancakes are amazeballs. Fluffy, buttery, a little crispy around the edges, and not so dense. Needless to say, we spent every morning at CB until it was time to head back to California.\n\nAlong the front porch of all CB restaurants are rows of beautiful wood rocking chairs. Very relaxing and convenient, especially if you need to wait for a table. You can even special-order one if you wanted! For approximately $160 you could take a solidly made, wood slat rocker home for your own porch or lanai!\n\nUpon entering CB, there is always a Country Store filled with a plethora of items for sale such as board games, unique sodas and candy, clothing, jewelry, candles, soaps, greeting cards, stuffed animals, and good ole Cracker Barrel pancake mix and maple syrup (you'll want to take advantage of that).\n\nService is ALWAYS awesome! Southern hospitality and random acts of kindness. They pride themselves in pleasing people and have never fallen short no matter what location we've been to.\n\nBreakfast is served all day, then there is the Lunch\/Dinner menu. All are very good! You just can't go wrong with Cracker Barrel. The prices are right, too!