I know this is a long one, but you're going to want to read it.\n\nOkay, first problem: We were a party of 5 (for a birthday) on Saturday and came to the restaurant around 6:30 PM. We were told before we got there that the restaurant didn't accept reservations. When we arrived at the restaurant, they told us the wait would be 1-1.5 hours. We took a place in line (using their app) and shopped around the mall. After about an hour, there were still 20+ people in front of us. Instead of the 1-1.5, we were not seated until 9 PM! That is 2.5 hours, my friend! I want to kick myself for waiting that long for the crappy experience we had.\n\nOkay, next issue. Our server asked if we wanted any drinks. We asked for waters with lemon, I asked for an alcoholic beverage. The server told me that she was underage and couldn't serve me alcohol, but she would have someone come ASAP. No one ever took my drink order the entire night, but preceded to give me their happy hour drink menu at 9:30 (when happy hour started). I left the menu on the edge of the table, but it obviously wasn't enough of a reminder (way to up-sell). I gave up at one point because I figured if they took that long to take the order, imagine how long it would take to have them serve it. We gave our orders (I ordered most of the \"recommended\" dishes.) which included a few sides of glass noodles and rice. The waters came with a plate of lemons because, according to the waitress \"the bartender was too lazy to put the lemons in glass\". WTF is wrong with your unprofessional staff? Why would you tell us that? And why is a bartender having to prepare WATER???? And isn't it ironic the bartender apparently makes the waters, but not the drink I was trying to order? Whatever, anyways, on to the next issue. \n\nMy boyfriend and I received our raw meat orders. We started grilling it up, but the 3 other guests did not receive their orders. When the waitress stopped to check on us, we pointed out that it is raw meat (therefore it shouldn't take that long) and it had not come out. She said that they were busy, and it shouldn't be that much longer. 15-20 minutes later, she came back and told us that the kitchen \"lost our order\". We ordered everything again, including glass noodles and rice. \n\nThe only plates I would recommend:\n\nK.F.C.\nTofu\nGlass Noodles\n\nAll of which were already prepared. \n\nThe raw meats were pure fat or tasteless and bland.\n\nNot only that, the waitress was the only person that was slightly nice to us. The other servers were just tossing plates on our table and mumbled which dishes they were, then ran away as fast as they could. We had no idea what they had tossed on the table because we couldn't ask before they dipped out. Also, the person with the credit card machine (I really hope that wasn't the manager, because if so, this place has no hope) had a really bad attitude. The whole time we were there, we felt we had to ration our water (even tried to steal one of the pitchers for the table), the main dishes never came out with the sides (rice and noodles), and it was very difficult to get the servers to take our empty dishes. The shrimp and pork belly were the most unappetizing dishes. The shrimp had a funky taste and the pork belly was all fat. \n\nHere's the cherry on top: I walked into the ladies room before the check came, and our server was curled up in a ball in front of the sink, next to a stall. Listen, if you're going to break down, please have an ounce of professionalism and cry in a stall where customers do not see you. Or, if you're sick, please call out. It isn't very appetizing to think you're getting sick, then serving my food.\n\nIf I owned this restaurant, I'd be pissed. The staff was extremely unprofessional, you need a complete overhaul. I'm shocked this place has the rating it does. I am so bothered by my experience, I'm going to tell everyone to never come to this restaurant and to go to Chinatown instead. I really don't care how cheap it is, I'd be happy to pay $30 for AYCE to never experience that again. Your unprofessional employees are going to make you lose customers and money. Good luck with that.