Paulette, you're going to make me fat and diabetic!  Oh boy, I've been waiting for this place to open since seeing the sign go up next to my fave Leslieville coffee shop (Mercury).  My anticipation was heightened after learning that it was going to serve fresh donuts and double-fried, korean-style chicken (KFC)!. \n\n\nHad a chance to sample both and neither disappointed!  Let's start with the doughnuts, which my amazing wife went out to purchase before going to work.  She went out of her way to bring them home so I could try and am I glad she did.  We tried 6 of the 7 flavours available: mango yuzu, raspberry rose, d'oreo (oreo crumble), cinnamon latte, blueberry balsamic and strawberry jammie (which is baked in case you're on a diet).  The donuts were excellent!  My houseguests who are regulars at NYC's Doughnut Plant agreed.  My faves were the fruit iced doughnuts and D'oreo.  That's right, I couldn't decide between 4 of 6 flavours.  Across the board, the doughnuts themselves were crispy  on the outside and moist on the inside.  The icing is beautifully applied and super tasty.  Some were a tad sweet (altho it is a doughnut for pete's sake!), so I liked the flavours like Mango Yuzu and Blueberry Balsamic, which had a bit more balance to them.  \n\nGorging on doughnuts did not stop me from coming back for lunch!  I had a snack pack chicken with the chili maple dipping sauce.  Snack pack comes with 1 breast and 1 drumstick.  Chicken was fried so well.  The batter is SUPER crispy without overpowering the chicken with grease\/salt.  When you bite into it, it breaks like brule.  It's amazing!  It's also amazing that the chicken isn't actually that greasy.  Not sure how that science works.   Behind the batter is super juicy and flavourful meat.  Pure bliss.  Now, I wasn't a huge fan of the maple chili sauce.  I felt it was a tad runny and didn't love the flavour, so next time I go back I'll try one of the other dipping sauces or the dipping salts.  Truthfully, you can enjoy the chicken without but I'm sure a tasty sauce\/salt would only enhance this experience.  \n\nLet me just share some quick thoughts about the store and staff.  The store is tres charming and tres petit.  It's basically a take-out window for you to order and then go.  There are a couple of barstools, but no bar to rest your delish treats.  The store is painted almost Tiffany colour and the staff are decked out in 1950s\/60s ice cream shoppe attire.  Service was friendly and prompt, especially impressive given it was Day 1.  Well done!\n\nNothing comes cheap here: doughnuts are $2.75\/piece.  Chicken 'snack pack' was $8 for 1 piece of breast, 1 drumstick and 1 accompaniment.\n\nThat being said, Col. Sanders and Tim Horton's, Paulette's has got you beat!