I honestly am not too impressed with this water park. It costs $40 dollars for your basic at the gate entry and the way the park is and the size I would suggest it costing $25 for entry.  \n\nThe size of the park is not all that large and while there are a few decent slides to go on. The organization and general flow of the lines is atrocious. I went on a monday just now and a fairly slow day that wasn't overly packed.  However, the people working the slides had little regard when it came to directing people to the slides. Because of this multiple people would all be waiting for one slide while there would be 3 available. Instead of getting people out of the way so others could get on a slide. This caused the lines to take an excessive amount of time instead of a quick easy flow that could be easily fixed. \n\nAlso to include that most of the kids working there were not very friendly or personable. They weren't necessarily mean or rude, but more so lacked personality and interest. \n\nThe lazy river was very generic and lacked detail. It was a very simple concept of a lazy river.  My opinion is it could be much better to include some arches of water drips and and some rock walls with some water falls for some variety. \n\nOh, and every slide was an inner tube slide.  My guess for that is because of how hot it gets here and it is for a reason so people don't have to sit down on hot plastic.  But to not have any adult slides that were just basic water slides was mildly disappointing. I mean the little kiddie play section had normal slides, but unless I missed them completely I didn't see any others. And sometimes those are nice in the heat because you get covered in water completely rather than some splashes from the tube slides. I mean it is a water park afterall.\n\nLastly, the final thing I can think of is while I was in the wave pool I grabbed the edge of the pool that had a \"safety bar\" to stretch my arm and I had a whistle blown at me to get off of it. The only reason this really bothered me was that the bars are clearly there as a safety measure.  What if someone was struggling and needed to use that to catch their breath in the pool. \nAnyway, overall it was an okay experience for a hot day.  I did have some fun and with a few minor improvements I think this could be a much better park to visit on hot days. But for now I'll try some other places out.