This review is aimed specifically for the skills of the barber, Marcus Clark, and does not involve his character. It also does not reflect on the skills of the other barbers in the shop, whom, I saw were actually doing exquisite jobs on their clients. There was no argument or scene at the shop that emotionally affects this rating. Paid fully plus tip and was a socially smooth visit.\n\nShort review: Asian haircut. Barber: nice guy, terrible cutting skills. Did not cut what I wanted even with provided pictures and clear details. Took two visits due to numerous errors. $25 that didn't even include str8 rzr neck shave. Avoid barber.\n\nMarcus was nice, but his skills with the razor are poor. I have very dense Asian hair and only very experienced barbers know how to manage this type of hair. Marcus' card reads he has 20 years of experience so I was expecting master class for the price of $25. I am a very specific customer that comes ready with pictures of haircuts that were done on me. I know the proper lengths of guards I want and the proper terminology to make the cut description clear.  What I wanted and generally get is a disconnected undercut, faded tightly on the sides, natural part, with convex and concave layering on the top. He had way more information on what needed to be done than an average customer...and guess what? Marcus cut it the way HE wanted, which did not reflect anything I showed or told him. He made errors on my cut that he was nice enough to correct, but the cut was still extensively flawed. These are the errors I received.\n\nOn the first visit:\n\n-Entire side of my head was clearly faded longer than the opposing side. Confirmed by three other people.\n-One side of my head had jagged transition into the side part.\n-I clearly asked for 0.5 inch off the top and to keep it very long. He took off about 2.5 inches. Yep, I measured before and after.\n-Did not account for the shape of my head and my hair type. Faded straight into my hair without the proper tapering motions as you go up the temple and the towards the crown. Left me with an awkward shape and zero definition.\n-No straight razor neck shave\n\nSecond visit (for the fix)\n-Tried to fix the side that was improperly faded. Didn't get it right the first time. Had to do it one more time.\n-Took off another 0.5 inches on the top towards the crown. Left me with a really awkward transition.\n\nHair comes back even from a bad cut. The customer does not.