I had lunch here with my parents recently and I loved it.  The food was so inexpensive and portions were large.  Service was friendly.  My only complaint was that the restaurant is a bit on the small side.\n\nWe started off with the Taiwanese sausage ($4.99) and the Takoyaki Balls ($5.49).  The Taiwanese sausage was nice and lean (not fatty) and had that slightly sweet taste to it.  I loved it.  The Takoyaki was not as good as I've had at Japanese restaurants, but hey, Papa Chang's is not a Japanese restaurant, so I can't fault it for that.  They were still pretty good though.  The dough was nice and soft and the octopus at the centre was slightly chewy, but not overly so.  I loved the ever so slight wasabi taste of the drizzled sauce.  The seaweed and bonito flakes on top were also tasty.  \n\nBoth my mom and I had the Popcorn Chicken Bento Box ($6.99) and my dad had the Satay Beef Bento Box ($7.49).  \n\nFor the popcorn chicken, you can get spicy or regular.  We both chose spicy, which was basically just regular popcorn chicken with a dry chili powder sprinkled on top.  Some spots were definitely more spicy than others and because the powder was so dry, it made me cough a few times during my meal.  Nonetheless, it was delicious.  It didn't have any fried basil leaves though, but the batter was crispy and the chicken was well seasoned.  The chicken was served on top of a bed of white rice that had some ground pork and sauce poured on it.  This gave the rice some extra flavour.  The bento came with a few slices of fish cakes, which were good, but they weren't as hot (temperature-wise) as I would have liked.  I liked that it also came with some green beans (I feel better when there are some vegetables in my meal).  The green beans too were lukewarm.  I would have preferred them hotter.  The bento box also came with some huge chunks of tofu.  I gave mine to my dad, so I can't comment on those.\n\nI had a few slices of my dad's beef satay and they were tender and lean.  The beef wasn't very spicy though.  I would have expected much spicier with a name like \"satay beef.\"  \n\nService was excellent.  Staff were very friendly and accommodating.  All tables are for 2 and they just put tables together when you are more than 2.  Tables are very close together since the restaurant is so small.  When a single diner against the wall next to us left, we asked if we could put one of our tables against that table (and give up our other table to a single diner or party of 2) so our party of 3 could be against the wall instead of in between 2 tables and they gladly agreed to our request.\n\nThe place is in a small strip mall.  There's free parking, but not that much of it.  \n\nOverall, Papa Chang's is a great place to grab some inexpensive yet tasty Taiwanese food.  I don't think they serve that \"stinky tofu\" that is so common at many Taiwanese restaurants here.  So if you are leery of Taiwanese restaurants because of that distinct fermented tofu smell, you need not worry about that here.