It's obscene... over the top... crazy... and totally Vegas... 24 hours of self indulgent behavior that you would never even think of doing unless you type in Yelp and ask a simple question...\"Best Breakfast Buffet?\"... that's what I did yesterday out of curiosity, even though we were just going to go to my favorite cheap but good spot... Green Valley breakfast buffet for 6.99... best deal in town... until you spot \"Buffet Buffet\"... whaaaat?  It lists Caesars Palace (my favorite of all favorite buffet places), Planet Hollywood (my favorite place until Caesars and Cosmo came along), Paris, Rio, and others I knew I wouldn't go to... so long Green Valley... hello Caesars...\nwhat they don't tell you until you get there is for Caesars it's extra...for breakfast, lunch, and dinner... so we had to pay an extra $15 for breakfast a piece... so $50 plus $15... $65 for breakfast that cost $26... in order to break even I will need to go to other hotels that don't charge anymore... that would be Planet Hollywood (PH), Paris, and Rio... Let's do this... well... the buffet at Caesars is over the top great... 5 stars for quality, presentation, and selections (smoked meat from it's smoker, fresh carrot, and watermelon juice in carafes, great individual dishes at all the stations too many to mention... since we paid extra, we stayed for breakfast and lunch.. next stop Paris... the crepes were pretty good, but after going to Caesars it was a definite step down... 5 stars to 3 stars in quality, service, and creativity... we only stayed for 20 minutes and left... my wife and sister in law went shopping while I walked next door to PH to see what things I might have missed... by now I was pretty much done... stuffed... so I picked a few things both savory and sweet... the desserts were mostly cupcakes and kind of dried out cupcakes... I was disappointed in the quality, service, and creativity... no chocolate covered strawberries like I remembered a while back... and after Caesars... it was better than Paris, but I still have to give it 3.5 stars... a distant second place... my final stop was Rio the next morning... I was not expecting much but I was surprised at the variety and the number of stations available to choose from... the quality was much like PH but the desserts and variety was much better... and it had sorbet and gelato, much like Caesars... and for lunch, Mongolian bbq and four types of asian style noodles you could choose from, such as Udon, Pho, skinny noodles Hong Kong style... overall 3.5 stars... \nWas the price worth it?  Would I do it again?  Right now I would have to say \"No\" only because I now know where I would spend my money... and that's Caesars buffet... but if not for Buffet Buffet I still would have wondered... unfortunately I did not get to compare the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan with Caesars Palace... but I can honestly say my number one pick is Caesars Palace Buffet, then the Cosmopolitan buffet and Rio far behind at third...\nI will stick to Green Valley for the value breakfast buffet in Henderson and save my money for other obscene experiences... like... gambling?  Nah... time for a good steak... hmmmmmmm... what's Yelp say about the best steak in Las Vegas?