Writing this review in regards to the service provided by the personnel in charge of wedding preparations. I was the matron of honor in my sister's wedding and while the panoramic views from the Grand Ballroom and the final set up for her wedding were absolutely stunning, we experienced quite a few head aches the day of.\n  My sister and her hubby had hired a wedding coordinator to assist with their planning. Apparently the country club had gone under new management and the couple had been given a new wedding coordinator and informed of these changes THREE WEEKS before the wedding. While Millie (the new coordinator) was quite friendly and pleasant in nature, I have never been more frustrated in my life trying to make sure my sister's day was picture perfect.\nThe rehearsal was the day before and while there was another wedding scheduled for that day, I understood why we weren't able to do a quick rundown of our entire processional from where we would start the day of. So we start the rehearsal and we are told where we would walk from and how we would proceed down this imaginary aisle. Great. I'm very particular when it comes to detail so I ask Millie when each couple would proceed after the other and she replies with \"I will tell you when to go\". That's fine. I also ask her where the ladies would stand and how far apart from each other in conjunction with how the groomsmen would be standing, no answer. The rehearsal was quick which was fine but she was so uninformative which drove me bonkers but I'll roll with it. My sister's DJ shows up and asks for her wedding program and her reply was, \"Millie was supposed to email it to you. You haven't received It yet?\" His answer, \"No not yet\". RED FLAG. After the rehearsal dinner and all my sister is on the phone at 8PM with her DJ FINALLY going over the program and the songs. Well... at least he finally got the email from her.\n  DAY OF the wedding was hectic enough. From what I was told, the candy table that we were told WOULD BE set up was NOT set up and luckily for us, some girlfriends had arrived early and were able to throw it all together quickly. The coordinator had us drop off favors and what not the night before and told us everything would be set up. WRONG. And someone please explain to me why they were still putting the wedding arch together 15 minutes BEFORE the guests were scheduled to start arriving?  And hearing this from several guests, the microphone that the officiant was supposed to use during the ceremony was already NOT WORKING. We also had to ASK for the cheese plate that was supposed to be ready in her bridal room which we received about 5 mins before we had to make that walk down the aisle. Anyways, fast forward to ceremony.\nWe march. We are about to begin the ceremony but the microphone still isn't working. Tap tap. Nothing. I look up and the DJ looks as lost as ever trying to figure out his equipment (Bliss Entertainment  Las Vegas) who by the way is NOT the same DJ from the night before. The officiant decides she will proceed anyway and use her best loud voice. I look for the wedding coordinator and see her texting like crazy on her phone. I pray to God she is texting for a new mic but apprantely she wasn't because MY HUSBAND (who is playing the role of usher in the wedding) is the one to go towards the DJ and try to get the mic working WHICH HE ACCOMPLISHES. The coordinator is apparently fine with the mic not working because she is still texting away. We start the ceremony over. It ends. Everyone is told to head to cocktail hour which is WRONG because it was requested that family stay to take pictures with the bride and groom. So we spend half an hour trying to rangle everyone up. UGH. We waste MORE time.\nSo there are a few instances where we cannot find Millie, the coordinator at all. Whatever, we take care of the things we can take care of which is fine. But if you pay the extra to have a coordinator THE DAY OF the wedding and she has an assistant, everything should run smoothly right?\nQuick rundown of everything that went wrong:\n-Terrible rehearsal. Whatever. We made it work.\n-Didn't have starving Bride's cheese plate ready in room and it didn't come until minutes before we had to leave.\n-Didn't send the DJ the wedding program in a timely manner, which she was supposed to do.\n-Failed to have the candy table set up DAY OF the wedding.\n-Didn't tell the Bride or Groom the vases for unity sand were missing until hours before wedding.\n-Didn't make an effort to make sure the mic was working during ceremony. Was texting only God knows who.\n-Didn't relay information properly causing family members to waste time during picture taking and cocktail hour.\nThere were a few minor things that were said that were going to be done but, I ended up doing them myself like grabbing the vases for the bridal party's flowers. Luckily another bridesmaid had words with Millie. I was too furious!