Well, I like mangoes, and I also like rabbits, but perhaps this little mango rabbit went down the wrong tropical rabbit hole. We got here a little before 6 and snuck in the last few orders of their happy hour from 3-6 for 30% off. I also indulged in their crispy chicken. \n\nThe interior seems pretty much the same as predecessor Milk Tea 101 and while I understand wanting to use the Milk Tea 101 logo cups they have from taking over the previous business to save money, I found it weird. For me the cups and the identical interior gives off the impression that the store is the same but simply just renamed. If they kept all the cups and decor exactly the same, it makes you wonder what other elements they kept the same (Elements which I didn't particularly care for when it was still called Milk Tea 101). If they really want to differentiate themselves maybe at the very least they could get some stickers with their real logo on it and put those over the previous logo. Just a suggestion and only a minor issue though.\n\nI zeroed in on the drinks with the little funky mango mascot next to them, since they were apparently signature drinks. Snow white mango green tea? Sounds good to me! I usually get drinks at 25% sweetness these days and have enjoyed them at this level but upon ordering, the cashier recommended a stronger sweetness since the mangoes they had were sour. Sour mangoes? Hmm. Did I just get Evil Queen Grimhilde tea instead of Snow White tea? (Luckily I did not see poison apple tea on the menu, nor did I hear any singing of \"Hi ho, hi ho, it's off for tea we go\") I guess I could see sour mangoes being used if they were green but if that's the case shouldn't it be listed as green mango green tea? I went with 50% sweetness as a result, adding pudding as a mix in. \n\nThe crispy chicken came first, piping hot. It was decently crispy, and made from dark meat chicken chunks. The flavor and crispiness was a little lighter than at other places I've had similar snack items. The actual texture of the chicken was just OK, I've also had juicier and more flavorful chicken meat at other places. At $5.95 there was a good portion of chicken and enough to share with all my friends.\n\nThe mango drink was a blended mixture with the fresh mangoes, ice, and sweetener. There was a layer of crema on top and a decent amount of pudding on the bottom. To be honest I didn't really care for the drink which was especially disappointing since it was supposed to be a signature item. At other bubble tea places 50% sweetness is plenty of sweetness for me but here everything was still too sour. The pudding had more of a flan-like texture rather than a silken texture so if you like more firm puddings this is your place. The crema was also decent but I've had richer flavored versions at other bubble tea shops. For a green tea I didn't really taste too much tea flavor.\n\nService was pleasant, albeit a bit overzealous. I personally like less hovering but I'd rather have overeager service than nonexistent or rude service in the grand scheme of things. At least I know they are dedicated to treating their customers right.\n\nMilk Tea 101, Mango Rabbit, what name will they think of next, Pineapple Pachyderm 202? (I'd try it)