WOW! Of course I went here as I was in AZ on a business trip, and was staying not far from this place. I was in my hotel room (thinking about just ordering room service), when someone I knew had posted a comment about the Kitchen Nightmare episode on FB. I then decided to look up the episode on HULU (this was not long after airing), then realizing I was not far from there, I decided to go. Uggg... I could tell just walking in that the kitchen was in distress. The old guy was sweating like a fat man in a marathon behind the touch screen computer. He had several tickets in his hand, and was having trouble with the technology. There were shouts from the back and a lot of loud banging from the kitchen. I noticed only one table had their entrée. That table seem unimpressed with their food. one other table got some appetizer shortly after I was seated, I heard one person remark \"will I have to wait another 45min for my dinner\" The time frame got my attn., because it looked like a simple pita and hummus type appetizer.The old man responded curtly to this comment but with his accent I could not understand what he said. When he left the table, the group kinda snickered. There were like 2-3 other groups\/couples waiting that just had drinks. My waitress was very polite, and attentive she kept my glass full. I noticed she stayed away from a couple tables, until someone asked her to fill their water glass. She did as asked, and the old man noticed and scolded her telling her that they were HIS customers, and she is NOT to serve them. Even when the customer tried to explain to him that he just wanted some water, the old man responded \"You do not tell me how to run my business! I am the boss here you are not.. if you want water you have to come through me, not her...\" I then realized why she avoided those tables. My order was taken... I ordered the Chicken Parm. \nI waited for a while, even though I fully intended to, I forgot to mark the time I placed my order, but it seemed like an eternity when I did start clocking (I imagine 15-20min later) still the waitress was kind, and kept my glass full. about 30 min later the old man placed and Eggplant Parm in front of me. He was still sweaty, and had some strong odors about him. At this point my sense of humor was thin, and when he placed the wrong dish in front of me I called him on the fact that I was her customer and not his. He argued with me insisting that he took my order for an Eggplant Parm. The table kinda caddy corner from me actually got up, and informed him that THEY had ordered that dish over an hour ago, and that they herd me order the Chicken parm. The old man continued to argue till the waitress had to confirm my order with the original hand written ticket. I will say at that point, the old man said \"I am sorry, but you know how it is... it is confusing...\" The other customer and I rolled our eyes he sat at his table with his wife (who had no food in front of her) and I returned to waiting. Well I got my meal the same time the other gentleman's wife got hers - about 15min later. \nMy meal was an undercooked chicken that was supposed to be baked, but somehow was greasy. and when I mean undercooked, the thick part of the chicken was RAW, BLOODY RAW! It was NOT crispy the breading was soggy, mostly from the weird pasta situation. It looked as if they used a non slotted spoon to pull the pasta from the pot, because there was A LOT of water on my plate. and I am not sure the physics behind this, but somehow, they managed to have both overcooked and undercooked pasta on my plate. As if they cooked left over pasta, with new (dry) noodles! Some of the pasta was like mush, and some of it was crunchy. This meal could have killed me had I eaten it!\nThe other couple was served the Eggplant Parm, then 15 min later she was served (I think it was a salad ) As a gentleman would, he did not start his meal till his wife was served. When they started eating the wife threw her fork on the plate and said, I can't take another bite of this $%!+ ! The husbands eyes and mine caught each others. He came to my table with his plate in hand. He asked me to taste his Eggplant Parm. I tried to cut his Eggplant Parm, but it was REAL tough, I managed to get a small piece, and it tasted like dirt - literally! We both took our complaint to the old man, and he started arguing with us concerning the quality of his food. I pointed out the blood, he said \"Good! Hope it kills you, then you will never bother me again\". The other couple slipped out, didn't pay the check (don't blame them) but that left me - the old man insisted that I not only pay my tab, but the other couples too. I pulled out a $20, threw it on the table and left! I was chased out the restaurant by both of them. I went to the Pita Jungle and had a much more positive experience there (The other couple was there when I arrived with a full meal in front of them. This place is a HECK NO!