Ok..... went here last weekend. Actually I was pleasantly surprised. My husband tells me that he has taken CLIENTS here to the steakhouse and they had a great time here at \"dinner theatre\" LOL. It's our private joke. Usually the fare at these joints is absolute crap no matter what you spend, but the food here was actually good. We must have had the hook up because hubby called this number and a limo pulled up to our hotel pronto! We had an excellent steak dinner with two side dishes and a nice Italian bottle of wine. Our server was this lovely lady from NY. Although dinner was pricey, it was in decent restaurant and you did not feel that you were in a strip club. I was expecting crappy food like hot dogs and chicken fingers, so prime cut steaks cooked perfectly, was a treat. I also got a few chuckles watching some other parties of guys eating with scantily clad ladies. So if you hate eating alone on business, this is the place for you. So after wine, dinner and dessert... we proceeded to the club area.... \n\nWe were escorted to the seating area. There are two stages. The ladies looked fairly good looking. Actually better looking than in the bay area and less pushy. I saw a lot more male\/female couples in the audience with a few male posses in the audience. The ladies were doing their lap dances for $20 right on the spot. Pretty decent grinding topless lap dances and you can fondle them. It was nice having drinks served from the bar. Bar service is pricey, but hell this is Vegas. I imagine all you guys are bitching about the prices and all. You can go to SF for soda, $40 cover charge, pushy chicks and lame touching if you are that broke ass!!!!    But while you are here you can also go into the private rooms\/private areas for a little more money. We ended up dropping around $600 for dinner, drinks and about a 45 minutes of \"play\" with a very friendly girlie. So I guess the spouse is happy. Hell, its Christmas in Vegas and all :)We tipped pretty well and saved on the cover charges by eating dinner there and we had a great time. Think of this as very expensive entertainment - Kind of like a VERY adult Vegas show!