I had to eat here because I heard so many good things about it and it was \"legendary\".  The food was good, but nothing special.  It is quite an experience though and I don't think there is any place like it.\n\nFirst of all you have to be careful when you order.  The fries only come in two sizes, Small and Large.  They are more like Large and GIGANTIC since their large fills up a full box and the small is big enough to share.  The onion rings were good but a bit salty.\n\nYou can choose if you want a single or double patty.  I ordered a single but got a double.  I guess that was okay since the patties are really thin.  However, where are my veggies?  It was just meat and cheese.  Which would have been fine if I ordered it that way, but I like to have some lettuce and tomato in there so I don't feel so guilty that I am about to clog my arteries with a greasy burger.\n\nI much prefer In-N-Out Burger because you can order the burger the way you want it with grilled onions, animal style, etc and the quality  is so much better.\n\nI do have to say that their shake selection is pretty cool.  There are a ton of flavors to choose from.  I didn't know it but you can actually mix up to 3 flavors.  I got the blueberry and strawberry combo which was pretty good.  I tried the root beer shake which was also pretty good and tasted like a root beer float.  \n\nThe shake was really heavy though and I was not able to finish it.  Actually I felt very heavy after the whole entire meal and had a hard time getting up. Not sure if it's because I've been over eating all week or they were purposely making me over eat by giving me two patties instead of one and making me think I was having a small fries when it was actually a typical large. \n\nOverall, it's an okay place.  The burgers are definitely better than any you would get at like Mc Donald's or Burger King.  It's good to cure a quick craving for a  burger, but it is not exactly \"fast\" food since the wait in the drive through is really long.  None the less it is an experience of Calgary so you should at least check it out for yourself.