The perfect casual taco spot! I'd be here regularly if this was closer to my home. Bruno's was easy to find, not far off of the 215 and across the street from Southern Hills Hospital.\n\nThe inside of the restaurant is clean simply decorated. There were large tables, small tables, and some bar style seating for solo diners. They had more seating than restaurants like this usually have which is nice. \n\nFood is ordered and paid for at the counter and then brought to the table. The food came out quickly and the employee serving our food explained the different salsas. Salsa types are also on a list on the table, they range from mild to hot. When we ordered the woman at the counter offered to bring our churros later in the meal so they'd be warm. This worked out well and the server remembered to bring them without us having to return and check on them. \n\nWe ordered a variety of items and loved almost everything we ordered.\nPassion fruit Margarita- yum, the passion fruit puree tasted fresh and it was the perfect balance of the sweet fruit and the alcohol\nSalsas- four ranging from mild to hot, loved all them, but my favorite was passion fruit habanero \nBacon Guacamole- topped with plenty of crispy bacon and the guacamole itself had a great flavor and texture, chips were good\nChicken Al Pastor Taco- delicious, tender and well seasoned meat\nGrilled Skirt Steak Taco- great flavor and tender meat, loved the chimichurri sauce, my favorite of the tacos\nBaja Fish Taco- my least favorite of the tacos, good flavor, but the breading was too thick on the fish and a bit on the soggy side\nGuajillo Braised Short Rib- great flavor, but a little saucy and not my favorite of the tacos\nPotato Chorizo Taco- awesome, loved the flavor, crispy potatoes made this taco\nCinnnamon Sugar Churros- warm, crispy yet soft inside, delicious\n\nEverything we ordered came to around $45 which didn't seem outrageous for five tacos, guacamole, a margarita, and an order of churros. Individual tacos may seem a bit pricey, but the tacos are larger than street tacos so the pricing made sense to me.