Dr. Kevin Martin Is A Fantastic Oral Surgeon!! The Rating For This Place Should Match Their Almost 5 Star Rating On Google Reviews.\n\n Summerlin Residents Can Come Here For ALL Of Your Wisdom Teeth & Extraction Needs! :)\n\nOffice manager Ana reassured me how great Dr. Martin was which helped ease my mind of any concerns I had based on Yelp reviews being not so favorable in addition to deviating away from our normal doctor. After all ,this is my family and their health and well being is my chief concern. Ana was so wonderful and advised me that she would help us with anything that we may need along the way.  Joseph P. was right, the poor reviews were NOT about the surgery itself. \n\nEstella booked my husband for the first available appointment (Aug.5,2016) after he experienced horrible pain from a cracked molar down to the gum!! We decided to also have his other 2 wisdom teeth extracted as well. She was very friendly and nice throughout the whole ordeal. Her understanding and compassion must be recognized because it was so greatly appreciated on our end. \n\nDr. Martin has a very mellow disposition which can help  with calming nervous patients and family members. He greeted us with a warm smile, then explained his overall plan. After watching a short film clip, which is very smart might I add,( it answers most question that could arise) my husband was put to sleep and Dr. Martin removed the cracked molar and his 2 remaining wisdom teeth (one being impacted). It gets a little more risky and tricky as one gets older because it can grow deeper into the bone. I'm quite pleased to say it all went very well.\n\n Dr. Martin did an AWESOME job!! He also called later in the day to check on my husband as well and to make sure he was comfortable without pain or nausea. How wonderful is that? This is a GREAT doctor.  :) :) :) 5 STAR SERVICE!!\n\nSpecial thanks for outstanding service to Ana, Estella,Tasha, Desirey, and Andrea!\n\nI HIGHLY recommend Dr. Kevin Martin for your Summerlin Oral Surgery (extraction needs) (702) 312-2273 :) 7670 W.Lake Mead Blvd. \n\nNote-Located at W.Lake Mead and Buffalo