On my second visit here, I have to say that the overall \"experience\" here actually dragged OddFellows' rating down to a measly 3 stars. It is a happy median between 4-star quality food, but 2-star everything else.\n\nBy \"everything else\", I mean service, overheating your customers, and a general snootiness that I guess comes with Castor territory. We called about 5 days in advance to book a table for that Friday evening, and they informed us that had to make up our mind about the precise number of seats (we told them 6 for sure, possible 7), otherwise we were out of luck. Hm, okay... Apparently they were to be so busy that not a single chair could go wasted. Also, we were informed that we could only stay until 9 pm. Um, fine.\n\nUpon our arrival we were surprised to see that we were the only ones at the table (there were a couple of people out on the patio), and to our dismay, despite the scorching weather, there was no AC, not even a fan in sight. It was so hot that we all sweated through the entire meal, and one of our party even had to go out and get air to keep from passing out. For the two hours that we were there the entire row of tables remained empty, save for a couple people who sauntered in, only to saunter back out (heat? kicked out because they didn't have reservations?). After all that reservation hubbub, it looked like it was all much ado about nothing.\n\nService - not friendly, but we were serviced well enough. My friend did request salad dressing on the side, which didn't happen. A small slip-up.\n\nFood, on the other hand, is excellent (albeit a little pricey for what it is). I enjoyed the tempeh sandwich (huge! enough for two people), which normally comes with a side of fries, but they obliged to my 1\/2 fries-1\/2 salad request. Yes, I'm one of those people. Delicious, and to my surprise, the salad was perhaps the star of the dish. Dressed with what seemed to be dried blueberries, among other goodies, the salad was outstanding, summery, and unique. \n\nI've heard great things about their brunch, perhaps it may be busier which could help with the atmosphere. And if only they could just get over themselves.