To celebrate my recent graduation, my husband and I thought it would be fun to go out to dinner with family and friends. We called and made reservations for the day and time (for 8pm on a Saturday) for 14 people. When we arrived, the manager had no idea that we had a reservation, and no tables were set up and nothing was prepared. Not a big deal, our friends arranged the tables in the back room so that we'd all be able to sit. Not every seat had napkins, silverware, but we did have cups for water. It was not busy in the restaurant, there were only two people in the main dining room. \n\nThe service, although friendly, was extremely slow. A few times members of our party had to track down a waitress to ask for straws, more water, and utensils. Our meals came out at various intervals, with some members of our party waiting nearly an hour for their meals while others received theirs within about 15-20 minutes. Service was honestly in a bit of disarray, but the waitresses were very friendly and apologetic when food service was all over the place. There was also some confusion when it came to ordering-my cousin was told they were out of eggplant for her dish and that she'd have to order something else...but then they came out with the dish for her. But one of our friends ordered the same thing, and they had her order something else and then brought that one out. Go figure. \n\nNow onto the food-\nThe food, once it came out, was good! I wouldn't say it's my favorite place, but it's definitely a solid option. The food was clean and not too oily (a pet peeve of mine when it comes to curries), cooked well, and smelled great! Everything was cooked just right-nothing was over\/under done, and was well seasoned. There was a lot of food sharing around the tables, and everyone was pleased with their food. Many of our friends said that they'd like to go back...just in smaller groups, because it seemed like our group of 14 people overwhelmed them. I can't imagine if the front room was also busy at the same time!\n\nI know that the restaurant is new, and so they have kinks to work out to get the flow of service down, as well as flow in the kitchen. But once they get that, I know they'll become very popular! The food speaks for itself, the staff is friendly, and the restaurant itself is very clean. We'll definitely be back, just in smaller groups! We're looking forward to hopefully trying out their weekend buffet soon. \n\nPS-there appears to be only street parking, unless we missed a back lot or something as we were all arriving at night.