Who does not love the double Golden Arches! We all have this inner secret that once in a while we have to wet it! \n\nMy twins love Mc Donald's, who does not! They are 16; usually these stops or ventures off my path are their indulgence. Tonight I joined them and decided to live a little. Yeah you bet after McDonalds I had that school girl grin. Once in a while we can delve into temptation.\n\nThis is my first visit to this McDonald's location, but compared to the stores in Vegas; wow this place could serve royalty. When you walk in the store does not have stagnant stale air or layers of filth. Now that we know I will not get sick eating here we can proceed! \n\nAs we approached the counter the brilliant and professional employee made our McDonald's experience so fulfilling. I warned the cashier that we will have a huge order and he explained that he could handle anything. Loving this gentleman's attitude and enthusiasm made me almost forget that I was at McDonald's. \n\nActs of perfection and phenomenal customer service should be rewarded and I want to highlight that here for the young man that took our order; and bent over to all of our whims and needs. Zach was whom provided superior customer service to our party! It was not just me as I watched him interact with our guests he kept up that same attitude. He was so brilliant to watch. Yes it seems that all McDonald's employees should use Zachary as a role model! They could learn something from this young man's delivery of customer service and what friendliness looks like!\n\nNow onto our order. One cannot visit McDonald's and not have at least one of there chicken nuggets. To ensure that we had enough for everyone, remember I am feeding three teenagers, I order 4 ten piece nuggets. The nuggets were thankfully cooked to order. With these little golden brown delicious chicken nuggets I had to catch myself from popping one after another! Zach loaded us up with plenty of bbq and sweet and sour to paint the nuggets with.\n\nWe are doing the whole McDonald's experience so it would not be complete with out their golden, salty sticks of potato. I added another protein to the mix with cheeseburgers all around. The cheeseburgers were cooked to order and were so amazing. It has been so long since I've had McDonald's; I indulged and then some. Just a tip, the cheeseburgers taste really good loaded with french fries and then dipped in sweet and sour sauce; but bbq is not bad either! Now make sure you try this. \n\nWe all know that McDonald's is unhealthy and if we eat too much of it heart disease is just the start of what could happen. Everything is great in moderation. My mum used to say \"variety is the spice of life.\" So taking mums words to heart let me pass this along to you. When you need to indulge do it. Reward and pamper yourself and yours. When we see fantastic restaurants that want to celebrate your visit to their business reward that business by frequently visiting it. I do. So Zach I'll see you next time! Get the fryers ready you know I order big! See you then!!