For the past 4-5 years I have been going to Dr Nancy Liaw at Agave Eye Center. I always thought she was patient and thorough. My husband went to Dr Liaw a year or so after me. He needed new eye glasses and had to wait 8 weeks or more, then the lab Dr Liaw uses didn't have his frames so it took even longer. For the past 40 years I've been wearing soft contacts in IL, TN, FL and AZ till recently it got too dry out here to keep my eyes moist. Dr Liaw told me that she thought I should try the Restasis eye drops to be able to wear my contacts again. However, Walgreens' pharmacy told me she never even tried to order them for me! Dr Liaw told me to call United Healthcare so I did. I got a very nice woman who said she checked with pharmacy and prior authorization. They read the entire letter to the United rep outlining the parts where United not only wanted but EXPECTED Dr Liaw to send the appeal! Not only did Dr Liaw not mention this appeal process to me, but her office girl said this morning that she had no intention of writing and sending an appeal to my insurance company on my behalf! It's beyond me why she won't file the necessary paperwork on my behalf!!! I've been wearing soft contacts for 30 years and now because she won't help me, I'm destined to wear glasses the rest of my life--just because of her!!! She helped me get Restasis eye drops years ago!!! Why not NOW?!? It's been over 48 hours; I've called for Dr Liaw twice. She will no longer be my optometrist. After the years of depending on her, I can no longer trust her to lookout for my best interest nor can can I trust her!  Forty eight hours and no return phone call from her! Then I get a certified letter from her. I could care less what she had to write and left the letter at USPS for one week. Then my husband went to sign for it. It was two pages of derogatory notes about me--like I'm going to show her worthless opinions to a new doctor!?! I'm tempted to tear it to shreds and mail it back to her but it's not worth the stamp! Shame on you, Dr Liaw, for not doing your job and helping me wear the two huge boxes of new expensive daily disposable contacts you sold to me!!!