Solid 4 stars for the food, 2 stars for the service. Bumps this place down to 3 stars :\/\n\nWe went for an early Dinner here around 5pm. The line wasn't too long, maybe about 10 people in front of us.\n\nYou wait in line to pay the cashier, then wait in another line to be seated.. It took us about 45 minutes from the time of entering the first line to get seated. \n\nWe we were finally at the front of the line, I felt like I had just won the lotto! I was so excited for food!! We were greeted by the drab hostess who didn't even ask us to follow her but just started walking off.. She plopped us in the seats just 20 ft away from where the line was..  It was basically a foyer where some additional seats were placed.. No view of any of the buffet area at all.. We asked if we could be placed closer to the dining area, and she said, \"go wait back in line\" .. EW forget it.. we will stay here.\n\nWe immediately head to the buffet line and noticed there are PLENTY of tables open.. everywhere. What was with the seating hold up? 30 minutes to be seated? oh.. and the hostesses all look SO frumpy in their hideous air line stewardess want to be uniforms. They all look like they are wearing pink potato sacks.. Not flattering for any figure. Maybe that is why they are so ill tempered there. You would think a nice buffet like this would want their employees to look half decent? I guess not.\n\nAre you supposed to have a server at buffets? Or someone that at least comes to offer you coffee? refill on beverages? Well..I guess not here.. The worker that collected our overdue plates made SURE to avoid eye contact and didn't check on us at ALL. I had to flag down the boss man to ask about our drinks, and he actually went above beyond to personally being us our coffee, and pour it for us. Now THAT'S service... To the server\/bus man\/scary man.. Why must you mean look at us like you are planning our murder after we spoke to your boss about getting coffee.. and why do you look so familiar.. have I seen you on America's most wanted? *cold shivers* at the memory..\n\nAnyways.. the food was great, They had Veal baby back ribs, juicy tender prime rib, snow crab legs pre-cut, grilled lamb, pea risotto.. The list of yummies goes on and on... I will be back of course.. :) No scary man or moody hostess lady is gonna keep me from GOOD food!\n\nOh yeah, There seems to be an ATT cell phone dead zone at the buffet.. If you need service, go to the soup area, LOL. Its the only place I found signal .