United Airlines in Phoenix takes the concept of customer service to a whole new level...utter and outright disdain for the customer. Seriously, it's not easy to find a group of people working collectively in a service role who so blatantly and obviously treat customers with vile contempt. But, the staff working the United check-in counter in Phoenix Sky Harbor  have pulled it off. Hats off to them. They win the prize...a new low. I arrived in plenty of time to check in, even considering the TSA's one-hour cushion requirement for passengers checking luggage. Well, I thought I did. I hadn't considered the rare mixture of employee arrogance, rudeness, and disregard for customers that permeates the United check-in crew in Phoenix. The slowest line on the planet resulted in me reaching the counter 5 minutes after the luggage check-in deadline. A supervisor, without ever pausing her gait or making eye contact with me, directed me to an even slower line, a line comprised of other offenders who neglected to arrive hours ahead of their flight departure time. My customer experience in this new line actually descended to an even lower level. A United employee named Enrique even barked, \"Watch out!\" at me as he grabbed another passenger's suitcase and brushed my leg with it as he went to weigh it. To stand back and observe this United bunch as a working unit is to observe something like a finely choreographed presentation of group hate...employees who simply hate their customers so much they even seem to be attempting to one-up each other with creative belittling one-liners or suitcase tosses of record distances. It was like a SNL skit, only real. I blew 3 hours in this United version of Hades before being bumped to the same flight schedule on the following day. I'm taking my video camera. These United employees are simply too good...too rehearsed...at customer mistreatment for this to have been a fluke experience. I really need to capture the pinnacle of customer abuse on tape for the sake of posterity.