Recently welcoming local favorite Chef Beni into the kitchen, E&H is on the shores of Lake Las Vegas- a relatively close dining option for Henderson residents, if a bit out of the way for others. I was at the lake for a SUP event with Neli T and Cathey K, and we came in for a late dinner.\n\nTORTILLA ESPANOLA: Served as an apertif as we were seated, this is similar to an omelet, and was plated in a romesco sauce. Interesting.\nTOSTONES: Free with Yelp check in, these are mashed and fried plantains. I've had these elsewhere and they were salty, here they didn't have much flavor but were nicely crisped and served with two dipping sauces, a spicy ketchup and a \"mojo citrus garlic dip\" that didn't have much flavor to me.\nLATIN CANGREJO: This was their take on a crab cake, with a lime sweet chili sauce. Pretty decent, but for the $15 price tag could have used a third patty instead of just two.\nGRILLED FISH TACO: I'm not sure if these are usually served DIY style or if it's just because our server said the order comes with two and we were a party of three, but this was a bit odd. The mahi was decent, and I liked the salsa and slaw, but the tortillas were falling apart. We didn't finish this order.\nYUCCA FRIES: Nice presentation, served with the garlic aioli and spicy ketchup, didn't see the spanish sherry vinegar the menu mentions. I like this dish and I'm glad they have it, worth a try if you haven't had yucca before.\nSWEET PLATANOS: This was Neli's pick, she's the sweet tooth in our group. She seemed to enjoy the order, served in a pomegranate honey glaze and accented with fundido cheese. This was too sweet for me, personally, but I liked the soft texture.\nCUBANO PANINI: Menu says this is served with fries or a salad, but I think we were able to get a tapas version. Nicely crisped, comforting combination of flavors.\nLATIN LANGOSTA ROLL: A pair of mini rolls, served on sweet bread. The seafood salad mix was lightly seasoned and very fresh, glad we got this.\nGARLIC PRAWN: One of my favorite dishes of the night, featuring four large shrimp in a garlic-saffron sherry sauce with piquillo peppers and crostini. I really liked this.\nVELAZQUEZ FIRE & ICE LOBSTER: Best dish of the night! Generous portion of fresh lobster served in a warm saffron fish broth with creamy coconut sauce, sofrito sauce, and jalapeno ginger. This came together as a lobster curry, had a nice heat and a balanced flavor, would totally get this again.\n\nPrices were generally pretty fair, and our total before tip came to about $100. Their online menu states that they have a tapa banquet dinner available for about $30\/pp with six tapas, salads, and a dessert. Although our price came out to about the same amount, I like that we were able to try a lot of different things.\n\nI didn't catch our server's name but she was very friendly, and the food came out quickly. We didn't realize until after we'd been seated that they close (relatively) early, at 9:30PM on a Saturday. Despite our late arrival, staff were happy to help us and we did not feel at all rushed. Location is nicely done up in a red and black color scheme with a large bar area and plenty of patio seating overlooking the lake. I hope they get enough business to stay open, as this is not a heavily-trafficked area of town.