I came here on a rainy evening looking for some quiet time.  I snagged a tiny two-top and went up to the counter to ask for a menu.  I've been here a handful of times and I still can't figure out if it's a help yourself kind of place or full service.  The waitress comes around to take orders and check on you.... occasionally.  Perhaps I'm just impatient and sometimes I've marched straight up to the counter to place my order, and I've seen others do the same.\n\nI ordered a soy latte and a lemon and brown sugar buckwheat crepe.  Latte was so-so (they burned the soy) but the crepe was delicious.  There's more lemon than sugar, so be prepared for sour.  I later followed with my favourite beverage here: the chai latte, served in the heaviest teapot in the world.  The pot serves about two cups and their chai has just enough interesting flavours for me.  (I find some chai teas too crazy and overwhelming.)\n\nSo they advertise free wifi and when I tried it out I needed a password.  When I mentioned this to the staff, they told me that I don't need a password.  I was too lazy to figure out the situation and continued to work away, sans wifi.  Then another customer asked me about it, assuming I was connected.  I told him my story and he said he had the same issue.  He eventually convinced the staff that their network was indeed password-protected and they gave him a password.  When it didn't work for him, he asked me to try it - just in case.  Of course it didn't work for me either.  Then, this persistent customer explained to them that this was the wrong password and insisted there must be some other password.  Persistent customer was right and we eventually figured it all out.  In conclusion: there is wifi.  You just have to ask them for the password twenty times.  Thanks to the dude who hooked me up.\n\nI like coming here because I can usually find a free table and it's usually not too loud.  This time 'round the girl at the next table used her outdoor voice the entire time (maybe because the door was left open?).  I learned a lot about this stranger.\n\n(Did you know that in some parts of Europe you can be fined for being too loud in public?)  \n\nThere's art in the front area.