Daaaang Wowsa: That's what I think DW stands for. When I walked in that is what went through my mind as I gawked at the airy white furnishings, orange accents and beautiful marble-esque bar. The outside patio was enticing too, but we decided to sit inside. The magic of the interior did not wear thin during the course of our lunch. Every detail is stylish without being overbearing. Even the reggae music blended well. The design minds behind DW should do interior intervention for local eating\/drinking establishments.\n\nFood? Oh, right. We did go there to eat lunch. The fare is Caribbean. There is plenty of jerk on the menu, and at dinnertime I noticed ox tail. For lunch, I ordered the vegetable curry served on couscous. It was a large grained couscous served with enough curry to soak every morsel. The curry was creamy, not complex like many of my favorite curries, but I scooped up every bit. I might not order the vegetable curry again, but I would definitely like to try more dishes. My husband got a simple salad and added some salmon, which was cooked perfectly, but with the addition of salmon the salad was $17. My curry was $10, and of course, I can't help but think of the piles of curry I could devour at Indian buffet for a bit less. \n\nStill, the most expensive thing on the lunch menu is $14, so I think it was the salmon that made our lunch a tad more than our average lunch bill.  Okay, so now I am sounding like a cheap-o; I have clearly been spoiled by lunch specials!\n\nRegardless, DW would definitely make my short list of business lunch spots and dinner date musts. The menu has something for everyone, and the atmosphere is sublime. For now, the waitress said they only have happy hour on Wednesday and Friday. Wednesday is Mexican themed. Sounds like the perfect excuse to hang at the bar. And, that is really what I want to do at DW: hang out. It is a breath of fresh tropical air in our arid desert land.\n\n(I also want to order a Ginger Beer! How the heck did I miss that?)