It was a dark and stormy night here in the valley of the sun. Clouds were rolling in faster than the light rail on a summer day. Even with the rain falling it was as sticky out as a pan of rolls from Cinnabon. As for me I was sitting on my porch contemplating whether or not to take this special case. With my belly rumbling I really had no choice. So after deciding to move on with my investigation I got in my car and started to cruise down Southern Ave in the heart of East Mesa, I passed by all the local late night suspects hangouts. \n\nWendy's- no thanks! KFC- Sorry Colonel but you have failed too many times in the heat of battle, and I was still a little scarred from my sub battle with the sandwich Nazi (read my subway review). Jack in the box and Mcdonalds looked open but I was in no mood to clown around. This hunger of mine was getting out of control and I was the only one that could stop it. Just when all hope seemed lost and I would have to make a run for the border ( taco bell) a light from heaven or a little neon sign (I forget which one) that read Great China Super Buffet came into view. \n\nNow anyone who knows me at all knows I hate all things buffet, but if I wanted to solve this case and get rid of my gut wrenching hunger I knew I had no choice. So I did what any good food detective does and went in. Wow what a huge place. It was the kind of place that promised a good time if you were willing to spend a little dough. Over 200 items all waiting to tempt your palate and tickle your taste buds. \n\nSeveral freshly made dishes gave off scents that made my mouth water and my throat close at the same time as i sucked each nostril full, hoping that maybe the different flavors would enter my mouth and turn into food if I held them captive long enough. No such luck! So after speaking to the nice waitress I was handed a menu (got takeout) and took my time to study my file (menu). I had dealt with this cast of characters before. There was the delicious yet seductive Lady Moo Shu. \n\nShe is the kind of dish that excites your taste buds and leaves you stumbling all over yourself waiting for the next bite. Then there is the General, Tso is his name and he commands his army to march right through the middle of flavor town. His attacks are swift and his spicy flavor bombs will blow away all your hunger till nothing remains. Eager to solve this case and eat some delicious food I ordered and dashed home. Each bite of chicken was just like that little light had been, pure heaven! \n\nEven though I was eating a meal at home they had somehow managed to take all those great smells and create a meal that made me wish it was my last. Why? Because how can I ever go back to the old neighborhood place that serves food that looks like it came from the frozen section at your local grocery store? I can't, I won't go back! Bottom line is you don't have to be a food detective to know this place offers some of THE BEST Chinese food in the STATE case closed. Now lets eat!