The short version is that this place is too snooty, even for Vegas. The  food at the restaurant is probably 75% miss, and the club is even more pretentious than the restaurant. Yelpers, watch as I disect how Lavo will thoroughly disappoint you. \n\nThe biggest thing I have to warn you about, whether you read the entire review or not, is that if you're eating at the restaurant, beware ordering sodas. This is the only restaurant with cloth napkins that doesn't do refills but rather charges you for each additional soda. \n\n-----\n\nSo we go through a lavishly decorated restaurant. The ambience shows clearly that whomever was responsible for the design of this place went through a great deal of thought and effort in the creation of the experience. I went to the washroom to wash my hands, and there are these clay vase type things that are very big. You use your foot to push a pedal and the water comes down from a showerhead about 3 feet above you. The design looks cool, but practical application leaves much to be desired. Well, that's about all there is to be impressed with. \n\nService: They dropped our entrees in the kitchen. So we spent an extra 15 minutes waiting for everything. Not related to us directly, the server dropped an entire table's food on top of this one guy who was wearing a white shirt. I presume his jacket was on his chair so that probably was ruined too. \n\nWe order a myriad of things from the menu. There are, a bunch of us eating. I'll just go item by item.\n\n1. Kobe beef sliders. Excellent. Why? It's kobe beef. But it's he size of TGIF sliders and it cost 28 bucks. \n2. Margherita pizza. Flat bread with toppings. Nothing special. 22 bucks.\n3. The striped bass, or some kind of whole fish. Oooh, awful. The fish was bland on the top, and when you got to the bottom it's as though all the seasoning settled on the bottom. I wish I had known all the flavor was at the bottom of the pan when I was eating my bland fish. Oh, and it's served in this iron pan, so you can't really cut into it with a knife and fork. It's like dishware from the middle ages where forks and knives weren't around. \n4. Shrimp Scampi. Make sure you have a small appetite cuz you're going to get an appetizer sized portion.\n5. Tuna Tartar. HAHAHA. Imagine a cracker the size of a half-dollar. Now put a small amount of tuna on top to cover the cracker. 4 pieces. 16 bucks. Thanks. \n6. Salmon - Overdone and super lemony. When we asked the salmon be less cooked, they came back and gave us smaller pieces of salmon. \n\nSuffice to say I was less than thrilled with our dinner. And our bill was about $500 because each soda was $4, and when 6 people each have 2-3 thinking that it's refills, we got overcharged by almost $60 at least in my opinion. Had someone explained that each soda was an additional $4, I don't think people would have ordered sodas. \n\nSo we pay the bill, and we then plan to go to the club. Okay, we just spent $500 at your crappy restaurant. Can we get comps into the club? Of course not. They were, however, nice enough to give us 2-for-1 admission for the girls on Wednesday night. Yeah, it was Thursday. Only because I asked, did we get our hands stamped which supposedly allowed us to jump to the front of the line. Yeah, they didn't. \n\nWe go into the club. It's standard. Nothing extraordinary. Except the kinda naked lady with the midget fanning her. Okay, that's the frikken ambience of the club? I asked to take a picture with the midget and he was more than happy to, but the jerk bouncer wouldn't let me actually stand next to him on the platform so in the photo you see the midget and my head next to his foot. Oh yeah, and the drinks are weak. I mean, they're strong if it's your first night in Vegas. But if you've got any kind of tolerance or have ever drank before in your life, be ready to drop another $100 or so in drinks. \n\nWell, that's about all I have the stomach to write. Go if you've been to every other place in Vegas and you're going for that streak. But overall, you can totally skip over Oval. I mean, Lavo.