The store AZP-51 has been noting but Horrible to myself and my family since they opened. We previously contacted the store stating that after the work they did on our Escalade the lug nut cover was broken after never having any issues prior to their work. The store manager had called us and said he was apologetic and that he would replace the cover since we had been customers with all of our vehicles for many many years. Well he never did. Yesterday I took my Vw beetle in because we had  a screw in the tire. After they removed the tire they had told me that the tires were at 5 and 6 and at a 4 they would need to be replaced. They then discussed the specials they had on tires ect. I said no I just wanted to fix the screw. Well it was too late the man had taken a flat head screw driver SHOVED it into the tread and removed the rubber to show me the wires underneath. He walked out with the screw driver STILL SHOVED INTO MY TIRE! I was livid and told them I would not be buying a new tire or the one they offered to me that was used. They assumed if they destroyed my tire I would purchase. He then told me he couldn't for safety reasons they would not put that tire back on my car so he would give me the used one for free. I told them my daughter worked for a dealership and I could get new ones cheaper from her. He then slammed her work and suggested they would only be giving me a deal because they would be giving me bad tires and I should consider that. After returning home I realized that the tire they had given me was a michelin filled with air, my tires are pirellis filled with nitrogen and I would need the tire they ruined back. When I went back to the store (20 min later) they couldn't find my tire. While I waited for them to find it I heard one man on the phone with another discount store bragging about how they \"had sold more tires and made more profit.\" No surprise there with their shady antics. Finally they found my tire and then told me that since I wanted it back they would need theirs back calling it now a loaner tire. What happened to it being free? I did not even want their tire. All I wanted was for them to patch mine and not destroy it so they could try to force me to buy something from them. This was apparently too much to ask for. How is a store like this still in business? I am distraught and angry, where do we go from here?