I liked this place, not as much as Aria but I liked it. As soon as you walk through the doors, you feel that sense of tranquility because it's so calm and almost deserted. Customer service is great. Front desk and concierge are very helpful in aiding you in whatever you need. I had no problems during my stay.\n \nSome things to note:\nNo self-parking, only valet. If you are driving your own vehicle, just park at Aria if you don't like to valet. It's a little bit of a walk but at least you won't have to tip them and can get your car on your own time.\n\nIf you arrive in a taxi, they will take your bags up for you. I realize this is a nice gesture, but again you will feel obligated to tip them when they bring your bag(s) up to your room. \n\nOnly the right side of the fridge is free. They give you complimentary Vdara water and two Keurig coffee pods daily. Nice little inclusion.\n\nThe elevator is hot. Ok, so I mean that both visually and literally. Every time we set foot in that elevator, it was hot. Why? I don't know. It looks very stylish, love the side paneling as it looks like water. Makes for a great backdrop in a picture (we had a couple photo shoots in there if you know what I mean). \n\nFree coffee in the Health Spa\/Gym area. Feel free to stop by and get yourself a cup of coffee in the AM if you don't like the Keurig pods (it is kind of weak). They also have Fuji apples if you fancy that.\n\nThings about the room:\nThe view. Amazing. Luckily, we were on the 50th floor. \nSofa bed. Surprisingly comfy. It was quite springy as a bed, but decent. I mean, my friend's back was fine the next day.\nKing size bed. Comfy but for some reason I felt like I over heated when sleeping. Mattress topper maybe? Pillows were great and comfy too.\nAveda products. Love the smell of rosemary mint when showering.\nAgain, love the technology incorporated into the room: shades, housekeeping button, and lighting. \n\nHousekeeping is very good; called for additional pods, came up in about 15 minutes, also called for toothpaste, brought that up in 10 minutes. If you notify them that you'll be using the sofa-bed, they'll bring up sheets; we only learned of this after the first night of our friend sleeping sheet-less with one light blanket throw.\n\nOverall, I had a pleasant stay. We really didn't use the kitchenette for cooking purposes, mostly as a bar. Don't sit for too long on the sofa as you might get too comfortable and not want to leave the suite.