My car had been making this weird gurgling noise when I had the a\/c on and turned corners.  I had no idea why it was doing that, but wasn't super concerned.  I should have been, as one day I got in my car and noticed that the passenger side floor was soaking wet.  It turns out that the a\/c filter was clogged and the blower motor was acting as a water pump, thus flooding the entire system.  They got that fixed for $80-something, no problem.  Sweet!\n\nThe bad part is that my little engine light (which actually signifies an emissions problem) had also been on.  I assumed the weird noise and the light going on at roughly the same time meant they were related.  So, of course, when I went to Car-X, I told the guy at the front desk both issues.  I wound up having to repeat the issues a couple times for some reason known only to that guy.  But I finally left and the above paragraph happened, so I wasn't too worried.\n\nAfter I came to pick up my car (10 minutes before they closed and just after my ride to Car-X had taken off), I got in and noticed that the engine light was STILL on.  Crap!  I called Car-X the next day to ask about why it was still on.  They reviewed my work order and found nothing about it being on or needing to be looked at, etc.  Surprise!  Thanks, Front Desk Dude.  I shouldn't be totally shocked, though, given that he wrote my street (which is Columbia) as Calombea.  The real question is, though, why didn't the mechanics notice the light was on and mention something when they called?  That one is a mystery for the ages.\n\nMy husband just reminded me that he took my car in after that to have them hook it up to some diagnostic tool to find out what the emissions problem was.  The guy on the front desk (probably the same one I'd dealt with, but there's no way to confirm this) was chatting on the phone for 10 minutes while Husband waited to drop off the keys.  At no point did the guy acknowledge his presence, even to say \"I'll be with you in a minute.\"  When confronted about the rudeness of making a customer wait that long without acknowledgment, Front Desk Guy upbraided Husband about how \"if (husband) were on the phone, he'd have appreciated the attention.\"  Class-y.\n\nSo, in sum....I dunno.  On the one hand, they fixed one problem competently and cheaply (and the mechanic was super nice and helpful).  On the other hand, they clearly have some problems to iron out with customer service and attention to detail.