Just wow from the food to the service. \n\nTHE AMBIANCE: \n\nThe Barrymore is one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas. It has been some time since I went back but the memory of my experience there is forever engraved. The Barrymore is elegant, fine dining. Their wine cellar is beautiful and you will want one in your own home. The dining room decor is classic and enchanting. You feel like you're part of the high rollers club surrounded by metallic accents, blue hues, and dim lighting. Movie reels decorate the ceiling. If you want some natural air you can relax in the patio with a fire pit and Mediterranean-style pillows. It almost felt like a scene out of Aladdin. Loved everything about this place. \n\nTHE FOOD:\n\nI was in town on a business trip and decided to treat myself. The food was phenomenal. I ordered the Grilled Octopus appetizer (merguez sausage, green lentils, sherry, red onion, romeaco sauce, herbs, $17) and it blew my mind. Wow! It was an explosion of flavor throughout and the octopus was so tender. The dish tasted was unbelievable and the octopus was plated beautifully. For my entree I tried their Short Beef of Rib (parsnip puree, baby root vegetables, granny smith apples, $33) with a side of mashed potatoes ($8). The beef was tender and the vegetables were caramelized. For dessert I had their apple creme bruleé with an apple chip. It was sooo good. The best creme bruleé I have ever had. Sour and sweet at the same time. Dinner was fantastic and I cannot wait to go back. \n\nTHE CUSTOMER SERVICE:\n\nI was by myself so I dined at the bar. Both the bartender and the host were very welcoming and we had a great time chatting it up all night. I don't remember their names but the bartender appears in one of the videos I am posting and the host was a Latino man, I think his name was Carlos, and he was so kind; he gave me a tour. \n\nTHE TIPS:\nThe octopus appetizer is a must have if they have it on the menu. It was my favorite dish. There is mirror with the restaurant logo that hangs in the bar area. Story goes that it was originally a floor plate at a residence and when the residence burned down, it was recovered unscathed by the flames and placed in the restaurant. Pretty awesome.