I was going to see Zumantiy again Monday night and I decided to give Il Fornaio a try.  I'm glad I did.\n\nI was seated for my 5 PM reservation immediately.  The place was almost empty so I should have been.  I was asked my choice of eating on the casino facing patio or inside.  I chose inside.\n\nMy server, Carol, soon came to the table with bread and EVOO and balsamic vinegar.  She poured some EVOO onto a dish and then asked if I wanted any balsamic.  Thank you!  I don't like it when the two are mixed together on a bread plate. The bread basket had some focaccia and two rolls.  \n\nShe took my iced tea order and within a minute, the bus person working with her was at my table with the drink and some sweetener.  \n\nI had looked at the menu online but she pointed out the daily specials menu.  After looking that over, I changed my mind as to the main course.  For a starter, I ordered the grilled polenta with mushrooms and sheep's milk cheese.  The dish was very good.  The polenta with the mushrooms and the cheese made a great combination.\n\nThe main course is where I changed my mind.  I ordered off the specials menu the shell pasta in a gorgonzola cream sauce with sliced prosciutto. green peas, and topped with toasted walnuts.  The gorgonzola sauce was excellent and the addition of the crispy prosciutto and toasted walnuts gave it a great flavor and wonderful texture.  I'm glad they had the specials menu.  The pasta was brought to the table very hot.  \n\nFor dessert, I got the crema al doppio gusto.  The menu describes it as fennel-infused custard with chocolate mousse and caramelized sugar topping.  The dessert had the fennel custard on the bottom and was topped with the chocolate mousse and then a thin layer of sugar that had been caramelized with a torch.\n\nDuring the meal, Carol was attentive.  She checked in several times during my time there to make sure everything was OK.  The bus person removed dishes promptly and refilled my iced tea 3 times always without having to ask.  Outstanding.\n\nI am a fan!