The Yummy Grill & Sushi on Lake Mead Blvd has constantly been reputed to be one of the best sushi places in Las Vegas. Despite being located in a nondescript plaza, I think it lives up to the billing.\n\nIt's taken me a long time to venture out here, and I'm glad that I finally did. I arrived rather late during the late night happy hour (daily 10pm until closing, also Sun-Thu 4-6pm) determined to put them to the test. Unfortunately, they had run out of live sushi entirely. As my friend (a regular whose name was remembered by one of the chefs) and as many reviewers can attest, I clearly missed out on something that might have been truly special. I'll strive to arrive earlier next time.\n\nRegardless of that initial disappointment, we were able to dine on a variety of sushi, many of which were at happy hour prices. The happy hour menu is a double-sided sheet that you actually use to make your order by marking desired quantities and presenting it to the server (even if sitting at the bar, as we were), The fish that I'm about to list were all nigiri, and they all come at two pieces per order.\n\n- Garlic Edamame ($3.50): didn't care for it too much. It's actually spicy and not just garlicky.\n- Octopus ($3.50): tasty, juicy, dabbed with a bit of soy sauce. Simplicity at its best.\n- Kanpachi, subbed for Japanese yellowtail ($3.75): kanpachi is one of the more premium items normally, but either an oversight or an undercharge led to us paying that price. It is definitely more delicious than the other place where I've eaten it.\n- Super White Tuna ($3.75): topped with a dab of a chili sauce, which didn't really mask the natural fish flavor. Generous fish portion and more flavorful than most of the times that I've had it elsewhere.\n- Japanese Sea Scallop ($3.75): juicy scallop, definitely not the \"bay scallop\" variety that some places use as a cheap substitute. I'd order it again.\n- Big Eye Tuna, aka Ahi ($4.50): this had a bit of an odd flavor for some reason. Maybe it was the sushi vinegar hitting my tongue? I didn't care for this as much as I'd hoped.\n- Blue Fin ($8.50): good flavor and texture, but felt like a marginal improvement over standard tuna. I was hesitant at this price and would probably shy away next time.\n- Toro ($17.75): so nice that we ordered it twice. Fatty tuna is one of the holy grails of sushi, and this is probably the best toro preparation that I've had in my rather limited experience. They actually cut this from the fatty collar area instead of the belly, and they add a bit of caviar and edible gold leaf to complete the luxurious presentation. It almost melts in the mouth, but it's actually preferable (to me anyway) to savor the flavor for longer than if it had truly melted, as some traditional o-toro from the belly tends to do. Price be damned, it's an absolute must-order here.\n- Uni ($14.75): a little disappointing in that they added the kama toro, some ikura, fresh wasabi, and one or two other components that diluted the uni. I would've liked to taste the unadulterated uni, especially given that it was reportedly sourced from Japan instead of Santa Barbara.\n- Surf Clam ($2.75): subbed out properly for the conch, which was unavailable. Great texture, not too chewy, but again a bit more subtle in flavoring.\n- Sweet Shrimp ($6.50): the tail nigiri was certainly some of the better amaebi that I've had, and they provide a special dipping sauce for it. The deep fried head was perhaps subtly tastier with less possibly offputting flavors.\n- Spanish Mackerel ($6.00): the flavor was surprisingly not so intense. They ran out of normal mackarel, which I would have liked to taste for comparison's sake. I had a mackerel sashimi once that somehow tasted sublime, and this didn't live up to that memory.\n- Orange slices (complimentary): I can't help but love free dessert, and I'm glad that every slice was sweet.\n\nService and sushi preparation were both brisk and attentive. The server cleared empty plates promptly, refilled drinks often, brought out water for my friend when he simply requested a halt to his soda refills (complimentary), and brought out napkins toward the end (perhaps to help with the potentially leaky orange slices). The chefs handed plates to us one at a time.\n\nThe bill came out to about $50 a person before tax\/tip (for the number crunchers, we each had 1 piece for the most part). It was a solid value for quality fish all around, especially considering that the toro accounted for most of the cost (justifiably so). I'd definitely go back to try to get my chopsticks on the live sushi, and maybe I'll even try the omakase when I'm feeling especially splurgy. Don't confuse this Yummy Grill & Sushi with any of the other locations that may still exist around Las Vegas \/ Henderson - you have to make the trip out here at least once if you're a sushi fan.