It was supposed to be a joyous celebration to be here, to enjoy life, friendship, and 13.1 miles stronger, but in the end, it didn't end up that way.\n\nMy friend and I came here to the Sandbar restaurant and Grill here at the Desert Marketplace after finishing the 2016 Lost Dutchman 1\/2 marathon on Sunday, 2\/14\/2016. However, one additional thing was also lost: my wallet. I wish it didn't come to that, especially on vacation, but it happened. I spent the entire lunch experience here at the Sandbar restaurant and grill to cancel my credit cards, and grief over how I could be so careless about these kinds of things. On the bright side though, the Sandbar restaurant and grill seemed like an okay place, especially due to the beach \/ tropical theme going on with the surfboard tables and the bar looking Hawaiian like. Almost felt like home in a way. I actually liked the decor, although it was genuinely warm near midday. Can't say that the overall experience was good here at the Sandbar restaurant and grill, although going through the process of canceling credit cards can be a tedious process. :-\/\n\nThe Sandbar restaurant and grill is located at the Desert Ridge Marketplace in the desert ridge zone of Phoenix, AZ at 21001 north Tatum Boulevard. They accept the major credit cards, so that's always a plus. This time around, I did not have them but, fortunately for me, my friend opted to pay for lunch since I was in her city and state. We sat near the entrance, since that's the where the first empty table was. The prices here are decently good, a good selection of tacos, and whatnot, and they're competitive with other Mexican restaurants anywhere in the city of Phoenix and in the rest of Arizona. The parking situation is considered plentiful because they are anchored by the Desert Ridge marketplace, a delightful shopping haven that has basically everything and anything you want. It was here that I had discovered my wallet was missing. The service was decently good. The server who waited on us was sympathetic to my current plight and that made me feel a little better as I was on the phone with the credit card companies.\n\nI wished that my review for Sandbar Mexican grill was more positive, but it is what happened with me on this visit. I ended up getting the shrimp tacos, which ended up getting eaten at my friend's home later in the day. I took a box and finished 2 of the 3 tacos, along with the beans and rice, it came with. My friend had ordered the chicken tacos, which she thought was good and delicious. My shrimp tacos were pretty good, if I say so myself - after heating it back up in the microwave. I thought the server dressed like how they were in Hooters (restaurant), but I guess that's how they dress up at the beach, in tank tops, to fit in with the theme of the restaurant. Still this visit to the sandbar Mexican grill was a pretty good experience, notwithstanding. I will come here again if I chose to Phoenix permits it again. For me, it was good here. It would have been a lot more fun, if I didn't lose my wallet, but that's not the case.\n\nI'd like to recommend Sandbar Mexican grill, especially during happy hour where, I'm sure the drinks are flowing and the ambiance is terrific. While I didn't drink this time, I suspect that this place would be rocking, if I did. Or at least, I would be a little rocky. The time I was here at Sandbar, it was midday and it was past brunch. \n\n4 stars. Food is good, service was good too.\n\nSupport local!\n\nB