Can we say Foot Spa virgin? Yes we can!\n\nBoss Lady invited me for a girls day and there was no way I was going to pass this up! It was her first time to this location but my first time to go to a foot spa so I really wasn't sure what to expect.\n\nWe walked in after work and the wait was about 15 mins. Once our spots opened up, we were walked to our bed\/table\/thing. So far, so good. \n\nLike I said, I've never been to a foot spa so all I expected was-- a foot massage. You start off with your body on this coffee table height table with your legs hanging off the edge while you dip your feet in scalding hot water. They say detox, I say sanitation. Peoples feet stank, they're making sure they don't have to experience any of that.\n\nNext thing happened was a head massage that worked its way down to my arms, to my feet then the shocking part, \"turn over\",... Wait, what?! I had no idear that the small table I was laying on was an actual massage table, face cutout and all. They work down your body on the back side. \n\nIf there was anything to complain about, it's the noise level. They have the typical calming spa music but you can hear everything else too. Customers walking in, the employees talking to those customers and well, the other customers that fall asleep and snore during their massage lol. Nothing that would stop me from going back but if you're looking for quiet and private, this isn't the place. Boss Lady and I shared a room with another couple that was separated by a curtain, not enough to drown out the snoring lol. It's not too bad considering you're fully clothed the entire time but it may not be everyone's cup of tea.\n\nThere's a one time discount for being a Yelper with more than 50 reviews, generally offered to the higher priced option. We only got the basic but bc I had so many reviews he offered us $2 off ea massage-- better than nothing right? The only catch was that I had to write a review right then and there. I looked at him like he was crazy bc if you know anything about my Yelping, I usually don't write 3 sentence reviews. I wrote a few words, posted and revised it now.\n\nGreat experience all around. Will be back, the hubs wants to try it out and probably bring my parents when they come in for a visit.