If every restaurant could take a lesson from Paul Martin's on how to perfect the quality of food and customer service, bad Yelp reviews wouldn't exist. I am writing this review on a full stomach of delicious cuisine, but it was more than just good food. It was the excellent experience in general. \n\nFirst off, they accept reservations which is a huge plus during the busy season. We made a reservation and upon arrival, we were seated right away. From the moment we sat down until the moment we left, it was a pleasant experience. Our waiter Jeremy is 50% responsible for the great experience. He greeted us as if we were personal VIP guests of Paul Martin's American Grill (which we were not, just random customers). He was incredibly knowledgeable and educated us on the brand, food and history of Paul Martin's. I had no idea this restaurant is a concept of and owned by Mr. Fleming of Fleming's Steakhouse. All of their food is made in-house from scratch and much of it is sourced locally form Arizona. I gained so much knowledge in such a short period of time, without ever feeling like I was being talked at. It was just friendly conversation by Jeremy who is truly passionate about Paul Martin's and it shows. \n\nJeremy pointed us in the right direction with everything we ordered and I'm glad we took his advice! We started with the calamari which is not your average rubbery calamari. No, this is cod calamari and it seriously puts any other calamari to shame. The seasonings and freshness of the dish made it taste so good I didn't want the dish to end. We almost didn't get it at first because we figured it would just be like every other calamari we had, but we were definitely wrong. \n\nFor dinner, I had the short ribs and mashed potatoes, thanks to Jeremy's suggestion. The meat was tender, juicy and flavorful with each and every bite. The mashed potatoes were just as amazing as the short ribs themselves. For dessert, I gobbled up several bites of the pear and huckleberry cobbler which was delectable to the core and topped with their homemade ice cream. \n\nBetween the combination of excellent service from Jeremy and delicious food from Paul Martin's, I'd say this was one of the best dining experiences I've had in awhile. I just wish we had given this restaurant a try much earlier! Now we will definitely find our way back again soon. \n\nPS \n\n- They offer brunch on the weekend for just $14 for a pre-fixe menu. I can't wait to try it!