This review is painful to write. I understand the mission of The Farm and all the good things they do. I get it. But this is not a \"farm\". It's more like a petting zoo with a small, poorly presented selection of local and out of state products cobbled together that comes across as a haphazardly thrown together tourist trap. \n\nI grew up on a farm in Southern Missouri and had access to the many products sold by the Amish and Mennonites in the area. I appreciate locally sourced items. And with that in mind, that is my main reason for stopping here. I thought I could find at least something similar to what I'm used to. What I encountered was an overly crowded layout that reeked of manure, a very limited selection of items to choose from, and pricing that again while I know it goes to help the non-profit and their mission still seemed way overpriced. \n\nWould I make the drive from Henderson all the way to The Farm again? Not a chance. I was flat out not impressed. On top of that when I did find one item I wanted to buy but had a question about it I couldn't get any of the staff to even notice me. And I tried to flag 3 different staff members down. No luck. \n\n1 Star. Good intentions or not, it's really not worth the time or trouble to go to it unless you're just bored, or want to buy something to support their cause.\n\nEdit \/ Update: I got some interesting feedback from this review. First off I'm not Russian, I'm an American citizen who was born here and loves being here. Next, I am keenly aware of the issues with growing anything in the desert Southwest and the limitations the desert environment places on anyone that tries to grow things here. Moving on, having run a Grade A dairy farm for several years that won accolades for cleanliness I do know a thing or two about farm life, and I haven't forgotten the smell of cleaning out a barn on a hot summer day. And I know that Las Vegas is not Amish territory. And yes my review was written late at night as my family and obligations come first before anything like a Yelp review. Taking this rebuttal even further when I can go to the outdoor City Market in Kansas City in January and find similar or even identical items for sale at lower prices and with a higher quality I use that as a reference point for determining pricing and quality, with regional differences and transportation costs taken into consideration. As I said I strongly dislike writing 1 Star reviews. But this wasn't a review thrown together on a whim. I waited several days since my visit to think it over, and to do additional research to make sure what I wrote was accurate. With that being said the review and this rebuttal to the comments will stand as is.