Wow, you guys. Wow. \n\nDoes anyone remember the days of Pizza Sola and how huge their slices were but also how sort of lacking in awesomeness of flavor they were? And also the creepiness factor of them always having pizza sitting out for who knows how long and they'd just warm it up in the oven for you? \n\nWell, this place has none of that nastiness! It's right in the swing of things on the Southside and was surprisingly chill for being 9ish on a Saturday night. My friend raved about this place for the past week, but I was skeptical due to other slice based places in the area that were big in quantity but lacking in quality. \n\nThe slices, as you can see in my photos, are in fact huge. Two plates worth huge. The best part? THE FLAVOR! THE FREAKING THIN BUT CHEWY IN A GOOD WAY CRUST! THE FACT THAT EVERY GINORMOUS PIE IS MADE TO OTHER AND IT DOESN'T SIT UNDER A HOT LAMP WAITING TO BE SNEEZED ON. \n\nMy slice was still bubbling and steaming when it came out of the oven. Do you think I waited for it to come down to acceptable temperatures before tasting it? Pffffft, you must not be familiar with my posts then. This pizza was delish in every possible way, and is appropriately priced at $4 for plain and $5 for a one topping slice seeing as to how you're easily getting three normal slices in one. \n\nIt also happened to be the Southside art crawl, so there were a few bands playing and free beer offered. I had Rivertowne Grateful White and it was great! The not so great was the first band that played...the music was entirely too loud for the small space of the restaurant, and you had to yell at the person next to you to hear them at a whisper like level. Seriously dudes, next time you let a band play there tell them to turn the flipping amp down. The second band was lovely and had a smoother chill wave jazz vibe which I liked, mainly because of the 100% acceptable noise level they were giving off. \n\nI'll be back to see if this night was just an exceptional fluke or if this is really one of the best slices I've had.