Where Shark Club and Italy meet for Sunday brunch\n\nWe live in the neighbourhood and would definitely end up here, but the Groupon offer was the nudge we needed. It lowered the risk since we already have our neighbourhood favourites.\n\nWe arrived on time for our reservation and were \"greeted\" by 4 hostess that were just hanging out at the front. The restaurant was packed, but apparently they could spare half hour chilling out at the front while patrons were looking for a good experience plp.\n\nWe finally got a table, but it took over 15 minutes for someone to just come by and offer us water, forget the mimosas that were part of the Groupon or having someone explain how the brunch stations worked. It didn't take us long to understand that they've squeezed as many tables as possible to make the place profitable while forgetting to hire and train the staff to match the upscale hipster family-friendly environment they are trying to convey.\n\n30 minutes later and after asking if we could just go and serve ourselves, the mimosas and coffees we've ordered were nowhere to be seen. But how bad can this could get? Oh, wait, I'm forgetting to talk about the food!\n\nCibo is an Italian restaurant that would make any Italian national want to abdicate their citizenship. From the selection of dry and chewy prosciutto to the cheese-less arancini to the mushy cannoli to  the day old chocolate croissants (I don't know for sure if they were a day old but they sure tasted like it), everything was very disappointing. The cheese selection is OK, and the fruits are sweet, however, anything that you'd expect a restaurant to cook was mediocre.\n\nThe service is awful at this location. Dishes pile up on tables while sweaty bussers try to match customers' expectations and hostess in high heels run around trying to help in organizing the chaos somehow. There's no consistency in how the food stations are managed and items will stay out until they dry out.\n\nOverall, definitely not worth the $35\/person charged for the brunch buffet. I doubt I'll go back in the evening for dinner. And next time I'm looking to spend more on Sunday brunch, I'll just head to Collette at the Thompson. But hey, I did get to watch one of the hostess hanging from the wine cellar ceiling while I was there... That should've been enough, right?