Absolutely awful. Luckily we got our money back for our skates\/rink access. \n\nThere is absolutely no advertising for the rink that you must reserve a fire pit. When we got there, the bar confirmed that the pits were first come, first serve. So we wait for a group to leave their pit, but when we walk up there to sit we were told by a server it was reserved by someone for 6:30 (we were told this at 6:00). What reservations? There is no reservation phone number on their website, and there is clearly nothing stopping anyone from siting wherever they want. So IF there actually are reservations, and we made one, we would have to ruin some family's night by kicking them out of \"our\" table, since none of the pits are roped off or have any indication of being exclusive. \n\nBy 6:50 nobody was at that pit still. Another pit had been broken the entire time we were there, with maintenance supposedly on the way. They never showed before we finally left the hotel. Every employee at the rink, bar and otherwise, gave us the run around about both the \"reservations\" and the maintenance. The bar will tell you to ask the rental place, and vice versa. So we spent our whole time there sitting at a broken pit. None of the staff there has a clue what they are doing or how to answer questions. \n\nOne family who had claimed a fire pit had a horde of children who would regularly pile their empty skates in the middle of the walking space by those particular 3 fire pits. A large pile that every passing person would have to leap\/trip over all night. Management clearly doesn't care about liability. \n\nWe got maybe 5-10 minutes of skating time, after the sealing debacle. $45 for 10 minutes at most. Why? They had to take 40 minutes to clean the ice. The last 10-15 minutes were the staff pretending to clean\/polish the ice, because some sap had to propose to his girlfriend on the empty ice before they let anyone back on. So we were stuck waiting around for these people to show up and their 'special moment' to get under way. Was it necessary to inconvenience 100 people\/families? You can't do that crap at the end of the evening for the final polishing or maybe after closing? Clearly the rink is willing to make such arrangements, so there must have been a better way.\n\nSuch a waste for such a small rink and so few fire pits (a grand total of...5). If I even attempt to go again, which I most likely won't, I definitely won't be paying them money for meager s'more kits (ill bring my own) and I won't reserve any hope for a fire pit. I'll attempt a reservation but there's clearly no way to enforce it. We will also apparently have to plan for being there for 4 hours to account for personal announcements and exaggerated cleaning time.