Yes for Yonaka.  This place is awesome, as other Yelpers have already said.  It was a Friday Night First with Mel C. and Chad S.; we knew we had to see what all the fuss was about, especially after Duchess Christina W. and Duke Arvin C. told us that they love it here.  \n\nDecor:  Modern Japanese, just like the name of the restaurant.  Beautiful wood accents, simple, and clean.  I liked that the tables had a hideaway for the menus--cool.\n\nService:  Top-notch and attentive.  From the time we arrived to the time we left, the Yonaka staff were so personable.  Ashley and Michael waited on us and we met Jax and Tiffany, who I'm guessing are managers.  Jax came to our table and we name-dropped Christina and Arvin and that did the trick-hah.  Seriously, the staff always checked on us, cleared empty plates often, and refilled our glasses promptly.  Little things like bringing us hot towels at the beginning of the meal to wipe our hands to a couple of complimentary food items were nice touches.\n\nFood:  Delicious and artistic--the presentation of all the dishes was fabulous. \n\nWe started with the Crispy Brussel Sprouts since that was recommended in almost all the previous reviews--who knew they could taste so good?  I loved the sauce and the crispy rice.\n\nMiso soup:  Nice and light, but I could have used a bit more salt.\n\nGrilled edamame:  Never had it grilled before, so it was different to have it warm, but I liked it.  They also had a nice little kick to them with the seasoning used.\n\nSea Scallops on Hot Stone:  A tray of sea scallops was brought to the table along with a hot stone to cook them on.  The scallops kind of stuck to the stone at the beginning, so Chad and Mel just watched me try to finagle the scallops with my chopsticks.  Maybe the stone needs a little oil or something like that.  However, they were still good.  I needed a second stone because the first one got cold (cold stone, get it?) before I could finish cooking all of the scallops--there were quite a few!\n\nShrimp Tempura hand roll:  This dish and the Brussel sprouts were on the happy hour menu.  I've had shrimp tempura rolls lots of times, but this was probably the best I've ever had.  \n\nMel and Chad had some great looking fish dishes, but I cannot comment on those since I can't eat fish, just shellfish.  \n\nOverall, this was a lovely meal in an equally lovely atmosphere.  For a Friday night, it was pretty empty, but hopefully word will get out and others will find out how good it is because a business like this needs to stick around.  Try it; you'll like it.