Disclaimer: I love a lot of the merchandise and food in IKEA but HATE going to their stores to shop! You see, I have arthritis in my spine & knees & it's absolutely exhausting to walk in endless concentric circles through the deliberate maze that is the 2 floors of their furniture and furnishings showroom. IKEA insists on dragging you past every one of their departments before they let you out alive to encourage you to impulse buy at every juncture. To an able bodied young person or couples with young kids in tow, this may seem like a good and viable strategy and they may even enjoy the exercise of walking. But for a physically disabled or frail elderly customer, IKEA's layout and impulse buyers' maze design is nothing short of excruciatingly painful torture with not nearly enough rest stopping points!  \n\n\"Mum?\" My daughter said to me on this occasion, when I was shopping for a new queen size mattress, \"Did you know IKEA has scooters and push wheelchairs?\" \"No, I didn't. Where are they located?\" \"At the front entrance.\" Of course. Where else? But no signs I can remember mentioning this. IKEA doesn't publicly admit any of its customers object to walking for miles round their showrooms. I considered briefly whether I want to get a scooter next time and thus be physically separated from my daughter and husband when shopping. Then I thought about making my daughter push me in a wheelchair and shuddered at the potential indignity of admitting I just can't walk round IKEA anymore. ;_;\n\nIf I can still walk, I wanna walk, dammit. IKEA, though, with a little effort, you could make it easier for your disabled and older customers like me. I have some general suggestions and some suggestions specifically intended for the 2 floor layout you use at your Etobicoke location:\n\nYOU NEED MORE AND BETTER SIGNAGE EVERYWHERE. I cannot stress this enough! You should have signs in every single department WITH ARROWS directing everyone to the elevators for those like me who have trouble with stairs, for strollers & for wheelchairs & scooters.\n\nLounge Areas: every store of the vast size IKEA is, needs a rest area on every floor in a quiet tucked away nook or corner with couches and armchairs, greenery, drinking water fountains and nearby washrooms, and maybe some mirrors and framed artwork. The best example I've ever seen of this is in a quiet nook of the downtown Toronto Reference Library where they have a green growing wall garden fed by water next to couches and armchairs. It's small yet spacious. You don't have to follow their model but you desperately need a lounge area of some kind on your second floor, well away from the noisy stressful cafeteria.\n\nMake your furniture pickup\/delivery friendlier to people with accessibility issues. Have more staff available to help people load purchases into their cars and ensure your delivery procedures accommodate disabled & frail elderly\/seniors. You guys refused to remove\/recycle my old mattress unless I physically hauled the old queen size mattress into a big plastic bag \"for sanitary reasons.\" I don't have a friend or neighbour to help me move my old mattress into the bag. IKEA's delivery policies discriminate against disabled people!