My boyfriend suggested this place as an option for lunch because I wanted to eat some type of noodle on our bday (for long life) and I've been craving Italian. Of course I made a reservation on OpenTable, went to the website, checked out the menu, signed up for the email list, and received a $10 off coupon right away!\n\nIt's kind of nice because when you sign up they give you a $10 off coupon and when you submit more info on your profile for them they give you another coupon for a free dessert! I stuck with the $10 coupon though since I had more than enough birthday cake already. \n\nOur reservation was at 12:30pm. We came in and all the booths with views were taken, but they were able to give us one of their 2 seater tables right next to the window, so that was nice. We got our water and complimentary bread right away and the waitress came over to give us some suggestions on appetizers. She suggested the bruschetta, but we ended up ordering fried zucchini. \n\nAfter looking over the menu we decided to order fettuccine w\/ chicken and baked ziti. I've never ordered baked ziti from a restaurant, it's always been at little food courts in shopping malls, so I was hoping for something pretty delicious.  \n\nThe zucchini arrived and boy were they huge! My boyfriend and I both looked at the zucchini, then at each other and said at the same time, \"wow, those are zucchini spears!\" There was about 6 of them so we got three each. It was pretty tasty. The breading was light and the lemon aioli went perfectly with it. It was a little too big for two though, especially since you get the complimentary bread; I was only able to finish a spear and a half. \n\nOur food came and it looked delicious. I almost dove right in without taking pictures! I took a bite of my ziti, and I was a little disappointed. It just tasted very salty and not at all like I expected. Maybe I'm just so used to the ziti at the mall (which I love!) that I'm not used to authentic style ziti? I tried my boyfriend's fettuccine shortly after and that dish was heavenly! I'm really happy he let me take the leftovers home!\n\nI really didn't eat much of my ziti at all, especially after trying the fettuccine. I think I just ordered the wrong dish, I'm sure their other dishes are yummy.  We asked for a togo box and gave the waitress the coupon. She came back with an aluminum container with a cardboard top and a little baggy of fresh bread. \n\nI think our bill only came up to about $25 dollars because of the coupon, so that was definitely a nicely priced lunch!\n\nOverall the food was delicious, except for the ziti. The service was quick and courteous. The  view was beautiful. 4 stars and I'd love to come back to try their dessert!