Being a Southern Californian, I am used to indoor arena venues like The Honda Center, Staples Center, Forum, etc., which are not my most favorite favorite places to see a band in concert.  I wasn't sure what to expect of Talking Stick Resort Arena, but several of my friends in AZ had said that it was a good place to watch basketball or see a concert.  They weren't lying. Before my recent visit to AZ, I had purchased concert tickets for Panic! At The Disco here at Talking Stick.   I noticed vendors outside in the courtyard area in front of the stadium that were selling concert merchandise.  The line was super long.I noticed that there were additional vendors inside the stadium in the front, so opted to get my concert shirt there.  The line moved fast which was awesome as there were a lot of Brendon Urie fangirls in line ;) Upon walking in the venue, security staff and ticket-taking staff were welcoming and friendly.  \n\nOur seats were mid-venue for the concert.  I was pleased with the proximity to the stage that we were.  Besides having the stage in the front, Brendon Urie moved through the crowd and also sang a song with a revolving and rising piano on a platform that was located in the mid area of the floor which was really awesome.  It seemed like even the highest up seats in the arena seemed to be decent seats for viewing a concert or basketball game.  This is certainly not the case with the nosebleed seats at both Staples and Honda Center when I have watched NBA and NHL games.  The acoustics were decent here, also.  \n\nFood vendors here were pretty standard for stadium fare.  Staff were really nice at the place we got drinks, hot dogs and pretzels.  The other stadium staff that I encountered were very helpful and friendly, too.  It's nice to be somewhere where all the employees are pleasant and this certainly was the case here.  I had checked ticket prices for this band back home in LA and in San Diego and the seats and prices were way better here at Talking Stick.  I would gladly come back here again to see another band or  catch a Suns basketball game in the future.