I can't help but notice how many reviewers keep using the term \"soft opening\".  I don't even know what a \"soft opening\" is, but how long is it supposed to last?  The man who worked the front area was very friendly, and also mentioned this soft opening thing.  What this meant to me: half of the menu was unavailable and as others have said over a MONTH ago, they have no ice.  I really want to like this place and I want it to succeed, so I will do a pros and cons.\n\nPros:\n- The food that I did get was VERY good.  My family shared the paneer tikka masala and the mixed grill platter.  The platter came with a salad and plain naan bread.  The tikka masala comes with a side of rice which is very good.  We also ordered an extra side of garlic naan.  Everything was delicious!  We would come back here over and over just for the paneer tikka masala.\n- The portion of the mixed grill platter was huge!  Three of us couldn't finish it, though we did have bread and the paneer tikka masala as well.  The bread is a good size.\n- Friendly staff.  The man at the counter did his best with what he had and he was very friendly and attentive.  My girlfriend got a little choked up on a raw onion and he was very apologetic and concerned for her.\n- The location.  This is the only Halal restaurant that I've been able to find within a 15 mile radius.  The fact that the first few dishes we tried were AMAZING makes me hopeful that they can overcome the cons.\n\nCons:\n- I had to change my order about 4 times because most of what I wanted was not yet available because of this strange soft opening phenomenon.  I wanted a beef kabob.  This was not available at a place with kabob in it's name.\n- The lamb in the mixed grill was dry.  I don't have a lot of experience with lamb, but I would imagine it could be a little better.\n- We paid $40 for the two dishes and extra bread.  That's pretty pricey, considering many places who serve the same kind of food have all you can eat buffets for $9.  Maybe lower the prices a bit.\n- This place is really disorganized.  When we walked in, the only menu available was the paper one on each table, in looking at the yelp pictures, TVs used to display the menus, but during my visit they were all off.  I understand growing pains, but the nice man at the register seemed to have more excuses than solutions.  Sick cooks, managers on vacation, etc.  They have a HELP WANTED sign on the door, and while we were eating a man came in asking for an application.  He was told to come back next week, the man in charge of that was on vacation apparently.\n- Confusion abound!  I watched 3 or 4 customers walk in, grab a menu, stand awkwardly and then leave.  That's a lot of sales lost and I guarantee it's the confusing setup of this place.  The man at the register didn't really help much to explain to those people, and had a hard time ringing me up.  I really like the guy and he said he was new and he was trying really hard, but this place really needs to step up the game in the eating area.  We were the only people there the whole time, that's worrisome.\n- Some customers came in who I'm assuming know the owners and employees and are from the same part of the world, so they were speaking in their native language.  Those people seemed to get preferential treatment over other customers who came in and out, which is another point for lost sales.  I understand it's great to see someone from your home, but don't ignore everyone else while you converse.\n-$1.75 for a small bottle of Fry's bottled water.  Nuff said.\n- My biggest beef?  When I ordered, he asked me if I wanted it for here or to go.  I said for here.  When he brought the food, it was all in to go containers and he gave us plastic utensils.  for $40, don't serve me food in a Styrofoam box and put my panneer tikka masala in a plastic cup.  We had to awkwardly unpack everything at our table.\n- The salad that came with the mixed grill in the Styrofoam box had zero salad dressing on it.  I saved it and took it home to put dressing on, but what the heck?  Why?\n- I agree with the other review that mentions how long it takes.  It took forever, so yeah, the Express in their name is ironic.\n\nI want to make this a 4-5 star place, so I will be going back in a month or so to see if they've made any progress.  If it's the same painful experience, as good as the food is, it's not worth all the money and effort.