Was excited to check this place out since it seemed rather unique for the area, but the run of the mill food could not save the poor service. This place definitely reminds me of a person who thinks that they are wayyyyy hotter than they really are. \n\nFood was a 3, service and overall experience was a 1, so landed on a 2 rating. Would not recommend. Full review below - \n\nEarlier in the week, my wife called to ask a question about our reservation. She was promptly told we didn't have one (we did) and was hung up on. Delightful. Should have been red flag #1.\n\nWhen we walked in and the hostess seated our party (spoiler - the reservation we actually had), the atmosphere and I really enjoyed the modified wine bottles that were used as drinking glasses.\n\nDrinks - Beer list was solid and definitely above average for the area. I settled on Dogfish's Festina Peche which seemed refreshing given the recent heat\/humidity combo. Going rate for the beer was $7. When it came back from the bar, I noticed that I received it in a beer snifter glass which holds about 10oz. Looked around and noticed that other people in my party had the same pour. Now, I have no problem paying (and have more than I should) $7, $10, $12 for a 10oz pour of a higher alcohol by volume or rare seasonal beer. But $7 for a 10oz (really 8oz since mine was short poured and spilled on the table) fairly standard seasonal that has an ABV of 4.5%? The blatant money grab on the drinks is not a good look.\n\nFood - As happy hour was ending, I decided to order the Chef's Charcuterie board. This was easily the best thing I had. Seemed like an assortment of pickled veggies and an egg with bread, jam and 3 kinds of meat. I can't tell you exactly what was on the board because the waiter just dropped it off in front of me with zero explanation and walked away. For the main course, there really wasn't anything innovative or unique on the menu, so I settled on the pot roast because I was craving it for some reason. Tots were easily the best thing on the plate. Pot roast was kinda bland, definitely needed salt. Aioli didn't really add much and didn't really make all that much sense from a flavor profile in my opinion.\n\nA group of us (11) try a new place every month. This month happened to fall on a birthday. So, we brought some cupcakes as is the tradition. Waiter tells us that in order to serve them in the restaurant, we have to pay $4 a head. When we protest to the manager, he tells us it is a health code violation. So...it's a food safety risk unless we pay you $4 a head? Word of advice, the money grab is bad for business. 11 people who had been there for 2 hours now will not order another $7-12 drink ($77 is more than $44, shocking I know) and will leave with a bad feeling about your place. Not smart.\n\nOverall, food is ok, service is bad, drink situation will make you feel like you need a shower. Spend your time and money somewhere else and thank me later. Perhaps over a normal sized beer?