Such a tough review to write.  This was an experience that I felt so differently about at various points; but I decided I would in fact recommend it and maybe even do it again.\n\nI won't repeat what everyone else says in their reviews, but I would like to add points that no one has raised:\n1) Definitely do not shave (as they instruct) or have any cuts -- you will die.\n2) There are HUNDREDS of towels in the hallway outside the rooms.  Take towels.  They only leave you ONE towel inside the room! This was so unhelpful, especially since every step along the way involves a towel - pre wash, if you get salt in your eyes, post wash, etc.  Take them before you get undressed.\n3) There's no reason for the bathrobe.  You can't really sit in a \"tea room\" and unwind afterwards; it is adjacent to the front lobby and everyone (including the staff worker) talks in there and you can be seen from the street.  They should have this post-float room in the back, it is basically non-existent.  When I got out of my float, every seat in the \"post float tea room\" was taken by others on their phones.  Couldn't determine if they were pre-or-post float.\n4) do your research ahead of time, because everything is sooo intimidating when you are there, and if you don't feel comfortableish going in, you won't get comfortable in your hour.\n5) I don't know why but I freaked out at the beginning because I was convinced I wouldn't be able to find my way out when I was in there -- but the rational part of me realized it's a rectangle, and not a circle, so you CANNOT float all the way in a circle and not know where the door is.  Place your head away from the door (feet at the door) and just know that the door is always at your feet.  That calmed me down a lot.\n6) It gets HELLA hot in the tank.\n7) I didn't have any super out of body experiences, but I have felt extra relaxed the rest of the day.  I went when I had extreme stomach pain, and it felt nice to float.  \n8) Take the noodle in with you, even if you don't end up using it, the option was nice.\n\nRecommend as an experience, even if you just try it once!  I'd prefer to go when it is colder outside or later in the day, going mid-day was kind of odd.