This is a review that has been in the making for quite some time.  This review is for the THIS location.  This is a 3.5 Star review, but I can't give them a 3.\n\nI will cut to the chase and save most of my comments for the Phoenix\/Original location.  LoLo's is down right good chicken and great waffles.\n\nThis location seems to not be as busy as the flagship location in downtown.  But, please don't think that means that this location is not busy.  At lunch time, if you arrive before noon or after 1:30, you will stand your best chance to be seated right away.  On the weekends, fa'git about it, you'll wait.  its worth it. \n\nI order the exact same thing Every time I go.  I rarely change my order.  I order a Tre Tre with blue koolaid.  On a couple of occasions, I was feeling snazzy, so I ordered the Toy Toy.  The Tre  Tre is similar to the Toy Toy.  Both have 2 pieces of chicken and a waffle.  Tre Tre - Drumsticks.  Toy Toy - Wings.  The chicken is hot and crispy.  I have had it a time or two and thought that perhaps it had been cooked and sitting in a warmer too long.  The waffles are extremely good.  I enjoy putting a little of the butter and a lot of the syrup on mine and eating my waffle from the inside out!  YUMMY!   I haven't had much else on the menu, but I've sampled the plates of folks I've been with and their food was good.  I was in there a couple of weeks ago and I see that they have added several new items to the menu.  I want to try the shrimp and grits.\n\nI was reading another Yelper's (Tigra C) review and realized, the only vegetable that I've ever tried at LoLo's is the fried green tomatoes and the fried pickles... oh and the french fries. I'm pretty sure that those 3 things do not constitute vegetables anymore.  LOL welp, I will consider the spinach the next time.\n\nThe thing about this location that I like is that the service is always friendly and prompt.  This is the only place in Phoenix for chicken and waffles.  I love being waited on by a couple of guys that work there.  they are twins.  Mr C and Mr D (if I recall correctly).  Those are some nice fellas.\n\nI have tried their Red Velvet Cake and I was somewhat surprised to find that it was a decent contender for what I would call a good Red Velvet Cake.  It doesn't rival my 1st and 2nd favorite RVC's in phoenix.  The texture of this cake is exactly moist enough and the cream cheese icing tastes creamy and sweet.  The one thing their RVC is missing is the taste of the cake.  The hint of the chocolate is not there.  I DO NOT like the raw nuts on the cake, but I can eat around that.  \n\nAll in all, LoLo's is the \"only\" spot to get  chicken and waffles in Phoenix.