I'll start off this review by saying that the field is overall not that bad. The third floor is pretty good but it is extremely hard to push up due to only 3 main points of advance. The second floor is extremely tight and not really that fun. However I still had a decent time playing and for 10 bucks (1 year anniversary special) it was okay.  Now the reason I rated it a two was because of the staff and other players there. First the other players seemed to never call their hits. I asked the staff about it and they said that it was a problem. Players also keep shooting through windows that I was right up next too and I was constantly getting shot by their ricochets.  Now to the staff... First for some reason the staff will acually play with you instead of acually reefing the game. You would think that having the staff play with you would increase the amount of stuff they would see and correct.  However, I feel as if it just gave them a reason to bigger asses. A group of people close to me where yelled at and told that they needed their guns checked. The players all clocked in at less then 350fps and made the staff member just seem like a complainer. The staff also seemed very disorganized at points taking forever to get games together and arguing about the rules. Other people there complained that staff members where not calling hits. I never witnessed this but feel it should be mentioned. CIA also has numerous young \"kid\" staffers that have to be under 15 years old. I don't have a problem with young people being staff but 1 kid was super disorganized and cried when he felt that people were not listening to his orders. However these orders in my opinion were followed and the orders were just stupid and made players confused. After this ordeal, another older staff person screamed at his customers. At this point I felt almost scared to voice my concerns with the manager. I hope that CIA reads this and makes corrections to the field and staff operations. If you don't that's up to you but I will most likely not be coming back anytime soon.