Good music, good food, good company, and good vibes! Thanks to Tastemade, I won a pair of 3-day VIP passes ($1,190 value) to Life Is Beautiful Festival last October in Downtown Vegas. A music, food, and art festival, LIB had plenty of music artists and food vendors, including cooking demos from world-renowned chefs. Hard to believe, but I was more excited for the sick music lineup.\n\nMUSIC\nWe'd already planned on being in Vegas that weekend for a couple of birthdays, so we already had plans Friday and Sunday and didn't get to see all the artists we wanted to see. We did manage to see a few Saturday artists, including Kanye West, The Weeknd, Girl Talk, Baauer, ASTR, and RAC, but I was bummed we missed Skrillex, Foo Fighters, Lionel Richie, and Priory.\n\nFOOD\nThe food was expensive, but alcoholic drinks were priced decently. It doesn't make sense to me how you still have to pay for food, when you've already paid for your (very expensive) passes. Maybe that's just how these festivals work, but I don't have to agree with it. I got my tickets for free, so it wasn't bad, but I can't imagine dropping over $1k for a pair of tickets and not even having food included. Along with the many food vendors, there were also cooking demos and chef appearances from Cat Cora, Duff Goldman, José Andrés, and Nancy Silverton. Craig P. got us two delicious burgers and an amazing poutine from a vendor, while I saved our spots in the main stage VIP lounge waiting for Kanye West to go up. I only wish I knew who the vendor was so I could give them a raving review!\n\nVIP PERKS\nMany of the large stages were split into a general admission area and VIP lounge area. The VIP lounges were great as there were plenty of shaded and comfortable seating (Craig fell asleep on one of the couches!), bars, food, and enhanced viewing areas, as well as VIP restroom facilities, which were much nicer and cleaner than the regular port-o-potties in general admission area.\n\nThis was my first music festival, so I don't have anything else to compare to. I'm pretty sure I'd never actually pay for LIB tickets just because I don't see the value in paying $$$$ for music or food festivals, but I had a great time and I'm so thankful I won tickets.