I keep going back and forth between three and two stars on this one. Like I said before Popo's isn't the best or most authentic Mexican Cuisine but you can usually count on delicious salsa,  warm corn chips and the strongest cheapest margaritas in town. This is a budget Sonoran Style Restaurant that gets very busy very early. You can get there at 5:00 and the place might be packed and on a half hour wait.\n\nI usually get the Chicken Fajita salad because it's usually tasty. It differs slightly every time I order it but it's usually OK. One time a big piece of bacon was dropped into it and I let them know about it. They said they don't have any bacon in the restaurant so it must have fallen out of someone's sandwich. That time I lowered them to two stars because that is what I consider to be a slop house.\n\nI decided to try a chile relleno. Usually chile rellenos are very tasty. Not always but they usually are a roasted poblano pepper stuffed with cheese then batter dipped and fried and served with sauce. I think I tasted what seemed like a canned chile stuffed with cheese, topped with cooked egg whites and covered with a green chile sauce that tasted liked the canned green chile and then topped with a thick blanket of cheese. I ate as much of it as I could but my stomach locked up. It might have been the worst thing I ever tried to eat. I do note that I don't know if the green chile was canned or fresh but it tasted canned to me. This was very unappetizing to me.\n\nI also ordered a side of vegetables to go with the chile relleno. I thought the vegetables looked and tasted great. But they were piled on top of a dried out old piece of steak. I thought that was terrible again they are a slop house AGAIN to me.\n\nThe last two times I was here I did notice that they changed the guacamole recipe and it's not as good as it used to be. It now seemed like it's made with frozen avocados. The taste and texture is different.\n\nI used to think the super strong margaritas were fun but now they just make me sick they are so strong.\n\nWith all that said Popo's does have some redeeming qualities. They make very good carnitas. The chicken fajita salad is usually tasty. Delicious salsa. Service is usually good.