So I drove past this place for a long time and asked my fiends if they have ever gone to tho store. One of my friends has and told me that they were racist and had bad customer service. I didn't believe him and I was curious so I went to the store. \n\nWow when I first entered it was big with just about everything in there, it was almost like a mini bass pro shop but for farming and country people. I walked up and down each aisle, and picked up some random things that I thought were cool. Then I strolled to the firearms section to the far right of the entrance.\n\nThe associate was helping a customer so I waited about 5 feet from the counter and stood there quietly so they could ask if I needed anything. I waited as he finished answering the customers questions. I stood there after the customer left. I stood there quietly as the associate behind the desk glanced at me and went behind his cash register, and after another minute of silence I got tired of feeling ignored and felt like, Wow really!? How can they ignore a customer like that??  So I got mad and walked off to see if I could find some rope. (I know i'm random.)\n\nAs I walked away this other associate just walking by asked me if I needed any help and I asked her about the firearms and ammo. She went to the firearms section and I followed. They seemed to ignore her for a little bit and then they answered her questions. I wanted to buy some ammo but on of the guys behind the desk said you must be over 21 to buy ammo claiming it was, \"some company policy.\" that comment was straight BS and I made my opinion clear that it wasn't true. The other guy radioed if they could sell me ammo. The answer was as long as they are older than 18. I bought my ammo, got my rope, and left. I was disappointed in how rude they can be by ignoring and falsifying information to discourage me from buying what i wanted.. It's like saying we don't want your business.  I'm not saying you guys are racist but you need to treat your customers better.