This is probably the most generous three star rating I've given. They frankly don't deserve that many, but I'm trying to present the most informative perspective that I can while remaining unbiased, which is difficult for reasons that you'll read soon. If you just care about the gelato, fast forward to the middle of this review.\n\nJudging from their web site, Bellamia is a gelato franchiser that originated in Italy. This franchise is at The Village at Lake Las Vegas, and it is the first in the United States. As a lover of gelato, I was very curious to try out this new place after I'd heard about its opening a few weeks ago, so I stopped by during a Pokemon Go event that had already lured me nearby.\n\nExterior signage is non-existent, and the maps of the place are awful. The map spot was way off (and hopefully will be corrected soon), but it's at the corner of a building that's near the lake itself. There's some counter seating on some rather awkward high chairs, but you might wanna plan to take the gelato outside if it's too crowded.\n\nMAJOR NEGATIVES FROM TODAY:\n\nMy big gripes with this place are service\/hospitality. When I asked the owner if I could sample some flavors (which most places are very happy to do), she replied curtly that I could try one or two. A surprising response, but I went ahead and limited myself to two. Later on during my visit, I decided to use an outlet in the back corner (NOT even close to behind the counter at all) to charge my phone after I'd seen another customer ask and receive permission to do so. The owner eventually noticed this and scolded me, saying that she did not allow charging.\n\nIgnoring a possible \"lost in translation\" effect (which I personally couldn't because I've met plenty of kind, charming people with foreign accents), these can objectively be seen as two issues: not letting potential customers sample the product (which, I reiterate, is a very common practice at ice cream and gelato shops), and not providing a common courtesy to a paying customer. This was probably the most productive day of their business so far and she's being stingy over maybe a couple bucks on the power bill? C'mon. I was at three excellent small businesses in Las Vegas today alone and none of them had a problem with customers plugging in for a bit of juice.\n\nBoth of these issues made me feel very unwelcome, and I'm not sure that I'll be back even if I return to this area (and it's the first time I've been to Lake Las Vegas after 5 years residing relatively nearby). I just decided to give less weight to this whole situation when settling on a rating. Call it giving the benefit of the doubt if you will.\n\nINFO ABOUT THE ACTUAL GELATO:\n\nAs for the gelato itself, I selected a \"large\" cup ($5.50, not all that large but not unreasonably priced) and maxed out on the 4 flavors that the menu board said I could have. The hazelnut wasn't quite as rich as I've experienced at other places, but it was good enough. The ricotta cheese with orange zest and caramelized almonds was fun, with sweet crunchy almonds and a distinct but not overwhelming orange tone. The crunchy rum was a little strong on the rum but otherwise wasn't bad. Finally, the passion fruit (which I'd been craving for a while) seemed fairly authentic and was definitely quite tart when eaten after other flavors.\n\nThe flavors all tasted pretty good, and the texture was consistently soft and smooth with no ice crystals. The one downside, which is a pretty significant one, is that everything melted very quickly even in the air-conditioned shop interior, as I observed with my own cup and with other people's treats. It's scary that it would've become sweet milk soup even faster if I had taken it outside.\n\nBy the way, I saw a Bellamia-branded publication on the counter in the corner next to those power outlets. There are 38 gelato and 19 sorbet flavors in this book (I'm not sure whether this shop rotates different flavors regularly, and I didn't ask because they were busy and shall-we-say curt), and most tend toward classic flavors. The book contains a comprehensive ingredient list (which originally tipped me to the commercial\/chain nature of the business), perhaps to inform people who may have particular allergies. But I also noticed that many of the ingredients are what would generally be called \"natural,\" while others are regarded as \"chemicals\" (see photos for examples). I'm not a stickler for natural stuff, but I'm mentioning this in case some are.\n\nI had a very colorful experience at Bellamia that was negative in multiple ways, but I'd still say that you can try it if you're at Lake Las Vegas and need a sweet frozen treat. But don't go out here if it's just because you're a gelato connoisseur. Just stick to the multiple superior gelaterias in Las Vegas proper. To me, this is not \"gelato as it should be\" (rough translation of their slogan) in more ways than one.