I'd been at my old salon for about five years, and for the past two I'd been feeling dissatisfied.  I felt that my stylist had no vision for my hair's future- she couldn't envision how the cut and colour would look a few weeks down the road AND she didn't seem to have a plan for maintaining the look at future visits.  I tried my best to vocalize my concerns, but I also hoped that my hairstylist- the hair PROFESSIONAL- would have some expert knowledge and opinions to share.  She didn't.\n\nOn a whim I decided to try a new salon- Red Bloom.  I booked an appointment with one of their most experienced stylists- Heather- and showed up for my first appointment.  I told her that I wasn't happy with my hair colour, and that I needed something that could be maintained long-term while still looking healthy and fresh.  She agreed that my current highlights were looking dull and washing me out, and suggested that I revert to an all-over color close to my natural shade.  That was a look I hadn't had in more than five years!  She then discussed what we could do over the next few months to keep it looking fresh, and how we could make it more \"summery\" come next summer.  I was so happy to hear that she was thinking ahead AND that she actually had ideas and opinions, instead of expecting me to tell her what I wanted (I mean, do you tell your doctor what to heal, or your mechanic what to repair?).  \n\nI get compliments almost every day on how fresh and healthy my hair looks.  The texture feels great- partly due to the colour change and partly, I think, due to the Aveda dye.  She also gave my hair a quick cut, and she explained that while my old cut was good, it had some fundamental problems with the shape.  By trimming a bit here and there she transformed the shape of my hair.  For the past ten years I don't think I've ever worn my long hair down without straightening or curling it (except maybe at the beach!), but with my new cut I feel totally comfortable giving it a quick blow-dry and wearing it as-is, because it works so well with my natural texture.  I'm saving so much time in the mornings now!  \n\nI can't recommend Heather at Red Bloom enough (ummm... but please don't actually go there, as I hate battling it out for an appointment!).  Maybe you could go and try another stylist?