I'm a sucker for value, so when I found out I could get a 3-course meal for $25 (thanks to Summerlicious) I was up for trying this bistro.  \n\nThere are only 2 or 3 tables on their \"patio\" (i.e. on the sidewalk) so we were stuck inside on this beautiful summer evening.  The inside, however, is beautiful.  Super tall ceilings, industrial design, reasonably spaced tables despite how narrow the space is.  I especially liked the chairs (they look like the Remy chair from Restoration Hardware), but some patrons found them uncomfortable.  They have different chairs in different sections of the restaurant, which I thought was creative and interesting.\n\nIf you're doing Summerlicious, it's imperative to peruse the menu before deciding on your destination.  I was sold on Quince the minute I read: Octopus Carpaccio, as an appetizer.  I was even able to overlook the fact that it was served with capers (on my questionably short list of \"dislikes\").  I never even knew this dish existed.  It was even better than I expected and impressed that it was an option, considering some of the other options were as mundane as soup or salad.\n\nChoosing from the list of entrées was a challenge for me.  I usually prefer the shortened Summerlicious menus because I struggle with meal selection, but Quince offered 5 delicious options.  I'm used to a Summerlicious menu only offering 2 or 3 choices, and even then one of them is easily disqualified.  I was especially interested in the braised pork shoulder, grilled salmon or pappardelle with veal ragu.  However, the chicken or gnocchi options also seemed like good choices.  I went with the pork shoulder and my date decided on the salmon.  The portion was rather large, especially considering this was for Summerlicious.  I found the whole dish on the salty side, but the meat was so tender it fell apart any time I touched it.  I stole a bite of the salmon when my date wasn't looking, and it was also cooked to perfection.  The aioli sauce was a nice complement to the fish.  I was impressed.\n\nAnd to top it all off, the $25 meal includes a dessert.  This was a no-brainer for me; the obvious choice is the lemon meringue pot au crème with blueberry compote.  My date chose the chocolate walnut brownie, based on the waitress' recommendation.  The lemon meringue was a winner!\n\nThe high rating is mostly due to the value.  For $25 the quality and quantity of the food was outstanding.  The service was very friendly, but not necessarily attentive.  They forgot to give us bread when every other table around us already had their basket and, for some reason, our meals took a while, with no explanation.  I would like to try their regular menu some time.