I went here with a friend that is originally from New Mexico and thinks New Mexico Mexican food is the best around.  Being from the NW originally, Mexican food is pretty much all the same to me (I know that makes many, many people want to hurt me right now).  We decided to hit up happy hour after work.  They have happy hour from 3-6 and we arrived a little after 5, so it was busy, but we were still able to sit at the bar.  The problem was the only two seats left were the one where my friend kept getting hit with the drink garnishment tray every time the bartender opened it and the one where the sun was piercing into my retinas if my friend didn't strategically place her head.\n\nWe decided to stick it out to take advantage of happy hour at the bar.  We would have sat at a table behind the bar, but we were told that happy hour didn't apply there and it was for dinner only.  The happy hour there isn't so happy - Unless you think $1 off of a $9 appetizer is a deal.  Granted, there were a few lower priced items if you just wanted items such as chips and salsa, but let's face it, we take advantage of happy hour so you can get the overly priced apps for what they're really worth.  We didn't really think the specials were anything special, so we decided to pay for the drinks (no tax at the bar - a helpful hint from the bartender) and get a table for dinner.\n\nThe whole place is pretty cool inside and the patio would have been even better had it been a little bit warmer or if we had on a few more layers.  The dark wood and low lighting make it cozy and comfortable inside.  We ended up ordering the nachos to share and they were delicious with chipotle chips, black beans, cheese, and lots of other goodness.  My New Mexican guru told me green chile anything is the way to go, so we both ordered a bowl of the green chile stew.  It was good and I was satisfied, but nothing to write home about.\n\nThe service was good, as was the food, but I would only give it 3.5 stars.  The extra star is because if you go here for only one reason, go for the basket of sopapillas - it's worth it.  No more needs to be said, just go there and order them and you'll know what I'm talking about.  And don't give me the crap story about how you don't like fried dough with powdered sugar on it that you pour honey inside of because that's just crazy talk!