WORST HAIR SALON IN NORTH YORK!!!\n\nWorst experience I have had in all my 37 years. I went in on Sunday afternoon with pictures. I showed the stylist Laila (who is also the owner). She told me she is an expert and I trusted her to do my hair as the picture showed (balayage transitioning naturally from dark brown to very light blonde). I was in the chair for about 3 hours at the end she styled and curled. It cost over $350.00. That evening I went out, when I came home I washed and brushed my hair not really paying much attention. When I woke up in the morning I realized my hair was 2 distinct colours at the top redish black and from the ears down almost white... No natural transition at all. I immediately call the lab and spoke to Lelia's husband co-owner. He told me no problem they will fix it for free. He told me to come in after 5 that day. I was happy they were willing to fix the botch job. At about 2 that day the man called me and said Leila is not available asking me to come the next day after 10 to get it fixed. Well I went in at about 10:30 there was no customers there. I saw Leila and approached her smiling and said hi. She had already talked to her husband and knew I was coming. I showed her the picture and pointed out that my hair was 2 toned. Her daughter also approached as we are talking and started yelling at me in a very rude and aggressive manner. When I became upset about how I was being treated the daughter called security. Lelia continued to call me a lier that I didn't have the same picture I was showing her now (which was not true). The family Leila, her husband and daughter talked in another language it seemed like in a negative way about me. When the security came the daughter finally became quiet. They did nothing to help and I ended up going to the salon across called Trade Secrets which were very kind. I had Marinela help me to repair the job.\n\nThese people are absolutely disgusting, unprofessional and don't have a clue about customer service, respect or doing a good hair job.\n\nAVOID!!!