When I first saw Jeremy's wedding blog I showed it to my then fiancé and our families. We were all in agreement that he had some of the most unique wedding photos we had ever seen.  I was aware the wedding was all about my bride, but I had already made two decisions that I wouldn't budge on. The first was that we were registering for a Belgian waffle maker, and the second that Jeremy was going to be our wedding photographer.\n\nWe called Jeremy told him our venue and made sure he was available for our date. He gets booked pretty far in advance so make sure you give yourself enough time to plan.  He gave us the prices and said he would throw in either an engagement or bridal shoot for free.  We picked the engagement shoot and chose to have the pictures taken at the Cabarrus county fair.  When we met him at the fair he was very laid back, and he made us feel comfortable throughout our photo shoot offering ideas and directions.  He even braved a chair swing backwards at the fair to get one of our favorite photos (see above) that we used at the reception for people to sign with their best wishes.\n\nWe had an outdoor wedding at the rock quarry in Carrigan Farms and on the day of the wedding he was there before we both arrived taking photos of the location, reception area, flowers etc. He shadowed us for the entire event with photos of my wife getting ready with her sisters and me with my brothers and guests. After the ceremony we shot the standard family photos, and then broke away from the crowd for our pictures together.  This is where he shines and will create some uniquely spontaneous ideas that you can see for yourself scattered throughout his wedding blog.  This was the main reason we chose him over the standard fare other photographers offer.\n\nWhen the photos are returned, he can either send you a link on his website or give you a DVD of the full resolution photos that you will then own and can do with as you wish. Our DVD contained the color photos and the same photos in black and white. His final product is more or less a storybook of the entire day starting with the setup of the wedding, the ceremony, catching those priceless candid moments at the reception, to the final moments stepping into the car. He even rode with us in the limo a couple blocks to get some final photos and walked back to his car afterwards.\n\nI should also add he has a range of services beyond weddings, one in particular that I am now in love with are the boudoir shoots. My amazing wife actually surprised me for our 1 year \"paper\" anniversary gift with a collection of photos she had done with a him at his studio in NoDa.  He works with a local makeup\/hair artist, and together they transform their subjects into a work of art. I have never been happier with a gift in my life. If you check out his website you will see the work is very tasteful and speaks for itself with clients ranging from models to girls next door looking to blow their loved one's minds as mine was!\n\nHere was a feature lately regarding his boudoir photography on the Charlotte today show:\nhttp:\/\/www.wcnc.com\/charlotte-today\/Charlotte-Boudoir--127593963.html