My reply again to your recent reply... I just got off the phone with John and I'm not angry. I'm actually the more calm one...what's done is done! Just like you threatened to pay people to rate our business a 1 Star..you will do what it is you have to do to make the situation feel better. We didn't tell people to rate you just simply stated our experience and what people do on their own I have no control. So I'm not angry or being negative. Just as I told you send me video and I'll be happy to delete all my posts and request whoever it is that are posting to do the same but I can't control their actions. Thank you. \n\n\nMy reply to your reply on Chris' post!! We have tried many times to talk about the situation. My husband has called and we both have emailed with little to no response. I will post those as well since they are time stamped. You even replied to an IG post I made to you and deleted after saying \"thank you for the advice\" and still nothing. You are doing what any other person I'm sure would do and try to cover you and your employees with a long response that obviously isn't true. You said our IGs are full of detailing problems...where? Other than my last mishap and he posted about yours without naming names. I have no idea what IG you are talking about and you stated that you have a great relationship with AG but said they didn't finish the wheels correctly in a way of down playing them because you wiped another harsh chemical to show us just that and you said you did it cause they were getting fixed anyway. Communication is key and we weren't receiving that from you. As far as the videos you can send those to us and if they didn't I will be more than happy to delete this review but I highly doubt that is the case. I wasn't watching my vehicle every second I was going back and forth while I was checking out your awesome building..now sewing the bigger picture. Your master tech came inside and started talking to us both, While Danny was standing right there looking out the big windows and looking at us and him almost like it was distraction. Makes sense. I can be wrong about that. I wrote the review with the acceptance of you not correcting the issue. So it's ok. We can get them fixed and will eventually be reimbursed legally. \n\n\n\nThis has happened to me before with another detailer and They stood by their word and redid my wheels...to this day no one knows who because as business owners ourselves we realize things can go wrong. I did learn my lesson and have been extremely cautious with who washes her and have been extremely satisfied with my detailer..no issues at all! So why go somewhere else... We needed a wash for a last minute shoot. I know a lot of people who go and speak very highly about @lussolv.  Before I handed over my keys I explained to him about what had happened with my wheels and begged for them to please not use anything on our wheels at all other than soap and water. He asked if We had custom wheels and that they never spray what they spray on stock wheels on custom wheels. Aftermarket custom made wheels are not cheap. I felt I was in a safe place. Not only did they spray something on our wheels but they tried to cover it up with armor all or tire dressing after I asked them not to put anything whatsoever on them but soap and water. Now realizing, the distraction was real while they were trying to fix it. We noticed! John the owner came and looked at the wheels and after going back and forth he agreed to go ahead and take care of the cost and emailed a promissory to fix the damage. We have been professional with our Emails and phone calls, and NOTHING has been done to try to resolve the issue. As he said \"we wash hypercars and have never had an issue\" whatever that means,  I doubt hypercars come with aftermarket custom wheels or else he wouldn't be buying him a set of the same brand for his \"hypercar\"...or he meant that anything below an exotic are at risk for something to go wrong ‍If you go to @lussolv which I know a lot of people do, I can only hope nothing happens because you'll probably get a similar outcome. Bad business. Support your smaller companies those are the ones that take pride in their work and treat you like you're more than a customer and not just another number. Stay humble!