I don't really write reviews, but I just have to share the horrible experience I had at this hotel when I stayed this past weekend. I was excited for this weekend getaway to Vegas! Who ever isn't? Plus one of the girls found an awesome deal for this place on travelzoo for a one bedroom suite. The pictures looked super nice and modern so we booked our trip! I was happy when we arrived. The lobby was big and spacious. I liked how it wasn't as noisy and busy since they didn't have a casino. It kinda took a while to check-in since there were only three workers at the front desk. We were given the 51st floor and we were stoked!!! It had amazing views. I liked how you could take a tunnel to go to the casino and the food court. The room was nice and big. The decor was modern and I could not wait to get into the tub!! The lighting was dark in the room and there were some chips\/scratches on the pull out table, but I didn't think much of it. The bed was big and comfy too. \n\nI was enjoying my stay until the next morning when I woke up with bed bug bites :\/!!!! I've stayed at lower end hotels before and never had this problem. I was mortified. It was just a small patch on my arm so I didn't make a big deal out of it. I also noticed a wretched stench in the bathroom, but it was even stronger whenever I went to the sink to wash my hands. I brushed it off and blamed it on the bad ventilation. The girls and I decided to check out the SImon restaurant on the 6th floor where the pool also is for happy hour (it was a little chilly to go into the pool). The drinks at that place are spot on. The bartender had heavy hands, but that's good considering how much you were still paying per drink for happy hour. \n\nIt all went downhill from here on out. We go back to the room to start getting ready for another night out. One of the girls asks for the hairdryer and we told her it's in a drawer in the bathroom since we used it the night before. She opened up the drawer and could not believe what she saw. She told us to go see what it is because she thought it was a joke, but it wasn't. There was a huge pile of POO in the drawer all over the hairdryer!!!!! Literally a pile of s***!!! Wth was going on??? Who did this?  No way were we too drunk to do this. Plus it was huuuuge!!! Way to big to come out a girl. No wonder the bathroom smelled like poop all day long. We immediately call security and the front desk and explain our findings. The first sign was that they didn't even sound shocked over the phone. They also took 20 minutes to finally come to our room to check it out. By then we already packed all our stuff up because there was no way we were gonna stay another night in that room. The manager and security at that shift came up, took our statement, took a few photos and told us we were going to be moved to a different room. There was no sympathy for what just happened. The only thing they offered to do was to call a bellhop to help move our stuff to the new room. Of course they said they were going to investigate to see if there was any unauthorized use of our room. We all had our key cards still so we didn't lose it, but you can't tell which room it goes with anyway. The whole process was taking forever and we had dinner reservations to go to. Security told us they would notify us in a few hours to update us on the status of the case. Did we ever get that call? Nope. We had to call ourselves the next morning before we checked out and of course the same guys who helped us out the night before weren't there so they couldn't really give us answers yet. The manager at the front desk wasn't any better. We had to wait another 15 minutes for her to come out and talk to us. She said someone from risk management would call us to let us know what is going on (any compensation). We told her that they had horrible customer service. Not once has anyone apologized for what happened to us. Someone broke into our room and violated our sense of safety. Luckily nothing was taken, but who knows what else this pervert could've done to our things.  We even asked if this kind of thing happens all the time, but of course they said no. The entire time they seemed so unprofessional and like they didn't care. What kind of customer service is that? If you may be in the wrong shouldn't you be trying to do everything they can to make up for what just happened? I guess the main thing was that it just seemed like they didn't care and this wasn't something small like the hot water didn't work in the room or something. Someone in that hotel crossed the line and our well being was jeopardized. \n\nSo we go back home with a sour taste in our mouths because we don't know what happened. As of yet, we're still waiting to hear back from corporate. Guess they're just trying to think of ways to cover their butts.\n\nBottom line: DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL