Biggest Five-Star Review and Respect for the Best \"Buffet Manager\" Mr. Francis Barillas and the Best \"Bell Desk\" Customer Service Professional, Ms. Teresa Benion, of the World-Class Luxor Hotel & Casino\n\nI have been to many finest hotels and casinos in Las Vegas and other biggest entertainment cities in the world, as you can see from my countless American and Asian public online reviews. Most of my online reviews and surveys tend to give highest praises and recognitions to the super staff members and not to the hotels or casinos. Here, I want to let you know about the world-class Luxor Hotel & Casino's best Buffet dining manager, Mr. Francis Barillas, and the best Bell Desk customer service professional, Ms. Teresa Benion. As soon as I arrived here on Monday, September 17, 2018, I had several issues and concerns that I had to address to the hotel's telephone operator and front desk staff. I had an unfortunate event at The Buffet at Luxor on the first night, but the manager of The Buffet at Luxor was kind enough to invest his time to help me enjoy the overall experience at his fantastic Buffet. And, I had another unfortunate event with the motorized scooter that I rented on Tuesday, September 18, 2018 through the Luxor Hotel & Casino. When I addressed this huge safety concern to the Bell Desk staff, I ended up having Mr. Ira Woodard, the Front Desk Manager, scolding me and yelling at me as if I was his eight-year-old child. This highly disgraceful and humiliating scene, which took place in front of several guests, who were totally \"puzzled\" by what was happening, can be seen on the Luxor's surveillance recordings. I wanted to cry. I wanted to break Mr. Ira Woodard's bones. I am at least 20 years older than him. I have raised the most successful sons and mentored hundreds of young most disadvantaged students all over the world. I have brought more richest foreign guests from Asia than any over-hyped shows in Las Vegas. And, I could not believe that this was happening to me, just because I had addressed potential public safety concerns to them. But, I realized that Mr. Ira Woodard was right. There might not be anything wrong with their motorized scooter. Since I am still very dizzy and sick from the injury that I had at my favorite Korean barbeque restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip last week, it was most likely my unstable medical conditions that probably caused the scooter and me to fall, twice, on the Las Vegas Strip in front of so many people. Still, it was extremely humiliating. But, Ms. Teresa Benion, with her professional words, voice and gestures, helped me to not cry in front of so many people and not do something that would get me arrested by the police officers. In order to adequately express my biggest appreciation to the world-class staff at the world-class Luxor Hotel & Casino, I am writing and posting this highest reviews and praises.\n\n-- This Totally Truthful and Highest Online Praises are Voluntarily Written and Published by Mr. Changyon Pak (who was assisted by Ms. Michelle Pham). Mr. Changyon Pak (\"Steven\" Pak) was Raised and Educated in the State of Iowa, Biggest Fan of the Chicago Bulls, World Traveler for Over 30 Years, and Volunteer & Founder of \"Lights of Hopes\" International.\n\nFor the Spirit God gave us does not make us timid, but gives us power, love and self-discipline.\n\nJesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and greatest commandment. And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself.