I've been wanting to check this place out for quite some time!  Cesar Q. and I were in the area so we decided to swing on by.\n\nThe location is a little off the beaten track as its inside The Gramercy that has begun construction again.  Parking is extremely easy and there is plenty of it.\n\nThey offer an awesome seating area with high top tables and comfortable chairs next to coffee tables.  It's a great place to meet up with friends or just take a break from your day.  I wanted so badly to go sit in their courtyard area but alas...it's Vegas, summer is almost here and well...it's to hot to to sit out there sipping on a hot cup o' joe.\n\nWith that being said I ordered a latte, no sugar as this is how I roll.  The gal took my order with ease.  She was not overly friendly and gave me the impression that she was simply doing her job.  Not sure what I expected but a bit more genuine\/friendly interaction would have been nice.  Just her vibe that got me.  I think she hates her job.  \n\nMy latte was served piping hot which I like.  My first sip left me with that \"bitter beer face\" we all see in those beer commercials.  This shit was nasty bitter! YUCK!  I decided to go pour some extra milk or cream to somehow cut back on its bitterness.  They have a canister labeled \"cream\" so I attempted to pour some and it was empty.  How hard would it have been to fill that sucker up, Baristas?  Considering this IS your job.  Anyway my latte was nasty bitter and I was super disappointed.  Did she over heat the espresso? Were the beans not grounded properly? What was wrong with my drink of choice?  My hubs said his was bitter but he had vanilla added to his so it wasn't so bad.  He tasted mine and had that bitter beer face we have all grown to love!  \n\nThey offer a free cookie with your Facebook check-in.  Nothing with your yelp check-in.  What the?! Oh well I wasn't here for a cookie as I'm no Cookie Monster!  They do offer some other food items that did look tasty.\n\nSad coffee day for me ...