Being a 9th island girl (Hawai'i to Vegas transplant) I've always been an L&L fan but it's a been a while since I've ate at L&L, not because I don't crave island food but because I've been doing my best to eat healthier. Trying my best. But.... \n\nI CAVED IN. *Innocent face*. It's easy to cave in when you drive pass this place several times a week and you can smell the savory aroma of Hawaiian BBQ from the street!!!  I've been to this location at least 3 times in the past week! My excuse is, I've been busy moving, so it's great that I can stop in and order a plate lunch after a couple long and exhausting days of moving, without having to search through boxes of stuff for pans and food to cook. \n\nI like this location A LOT better than the Stephanie location! This is my new go-to spot for L&L. In this review, I'm comparing the Stephanie & Serene locations b\/c it's the only Vegas L&Ls I've been to more than once. The Serene location: It's cleaner, the customer service is friendlier (Aloha-style), the food taste fresh and well cooked, the ambiance feels like I'm back home, in the islands. And I'm bound to run into someone I know, which is nice, sometimes ;). The experience I get at this location is what mainland L&L should be, it will not compare to the original Hawai'i L&L, but this location (in my opinion) is up to par. Also, the obvious fact that this location has more people flowing in and out says something. \n\nI use to go to the Stephanie location a lot but over the pass few years the Stephanie location is not what it use to be. Not a lot of people go to that location anymore since they've built several L&Ls around the Vegas Valley. Here at the Serene location, the staff has good customer service, the location is a perfect spot, the food (especially the BBQ Chicken) taste better here, the food is definitely well cooked and consistent at the Serene location.\n\nI've had almost everything on the L&L menu but at this location I've had the BBQ chicken plate and the Garlic Fish plate.  Both are onoliscious and cooked to perfection.  Mmmm... I'm craving both right now. \n\nThe Garlic Fish is my new personal favorite. A few days ago, was my first time having it at L&L, but it was delicious!! I'm not sure what type of fish it is (see my photo) but I'll ask next time I stop in. The Garlic Fish is grilled with fresh garlic and green onions and comes with slices of lemon to drizzle over when you're ready to scarf in down. ONOLISCIOUS! \n\nEverything on the menu is drool worthy but If you can't decide what to get.... get the Chicken Katsu, L&L is most famous for their Chicken Katsu (don't forget the Katsu sauce), the BBQ plates (Chicken, Beef, Short Ribs), or my new personal favorite, the Garlic Fish. Each regular plate comes with 2 scoops rice & 1 scoop mac salad. Get the regular plate not mini it's two meals in one (for me it is) and you'll want some leftovers for later. If that's not enough, order an extra plate for later.