You have gotta be kidding me reviewers!  This place was neither tasty or satisfying, It wasn't cost effective, it wasn't great service. It wasn't even good food.\n\nLet's start with the salsa. There is nothing chunky or spicy or fresh about it, It is sweet tomato sauce with a bit of onion in it. If this is salsa Ragu missed the boat by -this- much. It is most certainly not prepared there and is the absolutely worst salsa I have ever been served. I took one dip and I asked the waitress if they had any other types of salsa available. She said no. My partner said \"it sort of grows on you,\" so I dipped a few more times and all that grew on me were questions as to how a Mexican restaurant was calling this salsa. I was considering an exit strategy, but we decided to let the food determine our visit.\n\nLooking around the place, it was near empty, except for a large family table, a senior age couple and another couple our age who were also visiting for the first time. I know because they were asking all the questions I had about the menu. Interesting layout allows you to watch the cooks plate up the food. This can either be a great experience or a fearful one. Good lord how many onions are being put on the sizzling plate? What is being poured out of a deep frying basket over them? I don't think this bodes well.\n\nI ordered the half pound Beef Fajita. My sizzling experience was that of two cups of undercooked white onion, one ring of green pepper and a tiny ring of red pepper. Sliced Fajita meat that was charred and chewy perhaps dropped in the fryer? Tortillas which were completely uneven in thickness and sizes (I guess that means they are homemade, right?) They were almost too cold to fold and were damp from being steamed warm I think. EW. Still I was hungry and going to make this work. My condiment plates shredded cheese was fused together as if someone had scooped it partially melted with an ice cream scoop. The sour cream was plentiful but warm. I desperately wanted to add the chopped tomatoes to the salsa bowl, it seems they belonged there, but there were only enough of them for one Fajita so I didn't. The only way I was going to get these fajitas to be remotely tasty was request some lime. Fortunately I was able to secure some juicy wedges which helped. My partner said they liked the beef jerky meat, but it's not what I had in mind. At all. That's ok, the border dinner was sure to please them, right?\n\nNO. It should have been left at the border and denied entry into the states. The congealed enchiladas held the fork in an upright position and refused to be edible. The charro beans were only edible if you pierced the plastic shell of dried beans on top and dug out some bite from the middle. My partner who loves rice didn't even scoop a bite of the spanish rice a roni provided. The dinner salad was a wilted ranch dressing mess and was useful only to put on one of my fajitas. I thought it would add some crunch. It didn't. We stared at the fried tortilla cup that held the queso. Under the skin the cheese heart was beating. Seriously, it wanted to live! It would shudder periodically as if something was swimming beneath the surface. Heat, I imagine, is all that made it percolate, but we had reached a stage in this dinner where we knew it was a bust and everything became fodder for jokes.  I am never going back and I thought others should know that Outback and Lone Star are in the same vicinity. Make a better choice.\n\n$33 dollars. \n\nWasn't it 33 pieces of silver that betrayed Jesus? These positive reviews were a Judas kiss, folks.