After reading many reviews concerning Mikes Shoe Repair, and since they were just around the corner, I thought I would give them a try.  I took in a pair of construction boots which are maybe 30 years old but still very wearable.  The problem with both boots was the top section which is reinforced leather with a soft cushy feel.  This helps the back of your calf from not being chaffed when you walk.  The seam on one boot was almost completely ripped out but the other boot was still intact.  Both of these top sections were replaced and I am very satisfied with the work performed on these sections.\n\nOn one boot the inside of the tongue stitching was just starting to become unraveled so I had that replaced.  The problem here is the piece of material that was used was not cut to the contour of the tongue.  At the top of this piece it was not even cut straight along the curve of the tongue but instead cut very jagged which I can mostly fix myself with a small pair of scissors.  The stitching on this piece was not even following the contour of what he cut.\n\nThe bottom of this piece did not extend down to where the old piece reached on the inside but instead was cut about an inch short.  The piece that he did put in was not even stitched along the bottom.\n\nWhat really frosted me more than the poor craftsmanship was the fact that he put no polish on the boots at all.  They still looked like they came out of WWII.  So I guess I am going to have to go buy some tan boot polish and do it myself.  I really think if I had not brushed them down before I took them in that they would have been returned to me with dust still on them.\n\nNow I have to admit that I have no boobs to speak of and I don't wear a low cut blouse because I am a man, not a woman.  Maybe this is the tipping point between good service and the service that I received.\n\nBut my first disappointment was when I took the boots in for repair.  He wanted me to pay $40.00 up front.  I have never been asked to pay up front before from anywhere.  According to the reviews that I read, the service was supposed to be pretty quick.  Well I had to wait a 1 1\/2 weeks to get my boots back.\n\nI do not recommend this place for any kind of work that you require unless you have not choice because of location to go here.  There is a much better place up on Rainbow Blvd at  Charleston.  It is in the apex of the shopping center on the South East corner.  I don't remember the name of the place but have used them several times.  I have been more than happy with the work and craftsmanship that comes out of this shop.  So I guess in the future I will drive the 3 miles or so instead of the 1\/4 mile to get what I need done.\n\nBest of luck if you still cater to Mikes shoe repair shop.