Sunday Buffet review only.\n\nWe decided to come here earlier today because there isn't that great of an Indian food selection near Carolina Place, we have heard Blue Taj is good (but pricey) and they offered a Sunday lunch buffet from 11:30a to 2:30p. The two of us walked in and were able to sit down right away, I would call in earlier for a wait time if you have a larger party. Lunch buffet is a little over $13 per person, our bill was $33 with tip. The ambiance is a little dark, they have a red curtain that is pulled out near the door to block the natural sun light. \n\nI really enjoyed Blue Taj's buffet because of the quality of food followed by the selection. \nOur favorite dish was the Chicken Tikka Masala, just as our fellow Yelpers have found. I must admit the Chicken Tikka had a great earthy flavor just as it should have but lacked heat. Very tasty dish and safe for those who don't like hot food. Actually, none of the buffet offerings were hot, just flavored with traditional Indian spices like cumin and coriander. I also enjoyed the chili lamb, it was especially succulent. The Shahi Paneer and fried Bhindi were also delicious. This was also the first buffet I have seen that included Gobi Manchurian, it wasn't as crispy as it would be right out of the fryer, made to order but, it was still somewhat crunchy, kudos. Dessert included a cream\/fruit dish and Gulab Jaman, I didn't try the Gulab Jaman I wasn't looking for anything heavy after that meal. The fruit and cream salad was actually really refreshing and crisp with apples, bananas, grapes, melons, strawberries, and watermelon. It was the perfect end to a heavy meal. \n\nI was not a fan of the Pav Bhaji, it looked right but didn't have flavor. I also didn't like the pakoras (possible attempt at Vadas), they were way too doughy. I did not attempt to take on the Pani Puri station, I was pretty much stuffed and looking for tea at that point. \n\nThe staff was very attentive, they quickly picked up empty plates and refilled water as expected. Definitely a very good experience. I won't come back for dinner service but count on me for weekday lunch and Sunday buffet. YUM.