Dear Marquee bouncers, instead of checking our IDs, how about you check your inflated egos at the door? There's nothing better I'd like to say to you that hasn't already been put perfectly by Ralphie from WTTD: \"You think you're hot sh-, but you're really just cold diarrhea!\"\n\nSeriously, the bouncers\/security are the rudest ones I've ever encountered in all of Vegas. They go around acting like they're curing cancer or guarding Obama or something. As a result, they're condescending, smug, pushy, hostile. It's one thing to have to be stern with overly drunk patrons who are making a scene - but these guys are just d-bags by nature. Every time I've tried talking to them, I've been taken aback by the type of responses I get. My polite and friendly questions are always rebuffed; they smirk and talk down to me like I'm stupid. I half-expect them to pat me on the head and laugh in my face sometimes.\n\nThey walk into the girls' restrooms on the regular. They say it's to check for drunk girls. I say it's a weird and creepy invasion of privacy.\n\nThey kick out people like it's going out of style. My friend was crouching down to make a phone call so she could hear better, and they kicked her out because they insisted she was peeing in public. I swear the guards get some kind of sick satisfaction with each person they kick out. \n \nThey don't let you stand in the aisles. That makes sense, sure - but sometimes I feel like you literally aren't allowed to stop moving for more than 3 seconds before a guard pops up in your face with a flashlight, herding you along, \"Can't stop here. Move it along, keep it moving.\" Are we sheep being herded? Are we cars on the freeway? Can I just catch my breath for a second?\n\nThe stairs. Oh, the infamous Marquee stairs. Can we just have a moment of silence for the brilliant architect who designed a club (where half the patrons will be wearing short, tight fabric and high heels) with dark, winding stairs?? Insert confused Jackie Chan meme face.\n\nSure, Marquee is a gorgeous place, really new and hip. I love the pool on the roof, and I like the idea of different music on different floors. Plus, they get really big names to DJ there, so they must be doing something right. It's a decent space, eons bigger than clubs I've been to in LA or SD (but then again, this IS Vegas, so...) The experience is just completely ruined by the people who work there. \n\nOverall, I'd go to Marquee again if I had to (maybe for the dayclub; I've never been), but I'd pick XS or Surrender over it anyday.