Part two of trying all the Vegan places in town for the daughter. \n\nComing here to Chef Kenny's place was an exciting event. A couple of things off the bat, \"Turn the MUSIC down.\"  And where are all the chairs and tables?\n\nI have to review this as a fast food place, and not just a vegan place. \n\n1. Choices - The choices are similar to any fast food place, burgers, double burgers, burger meal deals, popcorn chicken.  There were sweet potato fries and curly fries as well as milkshakes.  Really interesting was the fish taco, a beef sandwich something like a Bahn Mi and a chicken wrap! Heck, you can even buy frozen patties to bring home... That is great. \n\n2.  If you are- having a hankering for fast food, a burger, fries and a shake, this is a great place to come and get your fix!\n\n3.  If you are - not only a vegan, but watching what ingredients you are putting into your body, then I would caution you that this is first and foremost a fast food place.  Fried, deep fried, heinz ketchup (vegan, but with corn syrup....) and so all the ingredients are well, as normal as you can get for a vegan.\n\nFor me, i think that having fast food and being vegan, this is a great choice.  However, I would say, as a place to go and have a great meal, this would not be my first, second or third choice.  I found the music over bearing, the decor a bit trashy and really not too thoughtful, a lack of chairs and tables, I thought the service was a bit slow, the sweet potatoes way over cooked, and the curly fries were okay.  The chocolate shake was pretty good. The hamburger was very, very cheesy, and overly cheesy.  The fish tacos were pretty darn good.\n\nI just did not feel that this was a place I will continue to eat at. However, when the vegan daughter has a need for greasy, junk food, I am gonna take her here and be proud of it. GK says check it out, just be aware like most fast food places, it is what it is.  This place was to me the equivalent of a McDonalds or Burger King and has a way to go for that In and Out type of quality, taste and ambiance.\n\nThanks,