We had been in town for an event and after spending all day outside we decided we wanted a place we know and could get a mean that we are familiar with so Outback Steakhouse was our decision.  We know we are in Las Vegas and we could have had type of food for our taste, but this was the location we decided.\n\nWhen you arrive you have to follow the signs to the elevator (yes, inside the coke bottle), to ride up to the restaurant level.  You enter and greeted right away, we were told it would be a 30 minute wait, which for a place like this is not too bad, we decide to wait as we did not want to go any place else (knowing us we would walk for an 1 hour trying to decided where to eat).  We were waiting for a table for 2, which we figured it would be within the time frame allotted.  To our surprise all the other customer in front of us were being sited really fast, and within 15-20 minutes we were at our table.  \n\nWhen we sat down the waiter was there almost at the same time to take our order for drinks, and since we had been outside all day, this was very welcoming to us.  We ordered our drinks (ice tea and root beer), the drinks where at our table within a few minutes which was great especially since we were thirsty.  The waiter asked us if we were ready to order our food, and we were as we do know the menu.  We order two steaks and bacon cheese fries (yummy).  We had plenty of time to take with each other and enjoy our evening out, including the waiting returning to our table to refill our drinks, we has small conversation with our waiter which made this experience very nice.  \n\nWhen the food did come out of the kitchen, it was served well, the food was hot and the order was correct (cooked and delivered).  We of course did enjoy our meal as we had been waiting for dinner to save for our big meal, and as we just sat there relaxing the waiter did check up on us often, yes your staff does make the difference to a meal.  \n\nAs far as the location it was fun to look outside at the Las Vegas strip and people watch, plus the place was very clean (yes it was busy), the restrooms were clean and the wait staff was very friendly, without being over friendly.  Overall this location is great and if you are looking for a good meal, this would be a place for you to come to as the location sets this place apart.  We are not giving 5 stars as the hostesses were not friendly and the waiting room for a table was very small and you will have to move each time people arrive to get a table.  This would be a 4.5 star location.