I wanted a general practitioner just in case something happened, and once I found out they do lady appointments too, I thought 'great, one stop shop.'  I stayed with Peppertree for a year and a half and I'm over it.\n\nDon't come here.  It's not the medical and nursing staff - they're fine.  It's everything else.\n\nIf you call for an appointment, be ready to wait on hold for at least 10 minutes before you get to talk to someone...every single time.  I've waited for 25 minutes before getting tired and hanging up.  And I can't forget the time that I'd already been on hold for 15 minutes when the main St. Joe's operator picked up and told me that the entire Peppertree staff had just left for lunch and wouldn't be back for another hour or so.  He suggested I call before the lunch hour next time.  \"I did.  15 minutes ago.  I've been on hold.\"  \n \nThe people at the reception desk are bored at best and rude at worst.  They're irritated at you for standing in front of them.\n\nDon't expect to see the same doctor over and over again.  Want to create a trusting patient\/doctor relationship?  Won't happen.  In the year and a half I went to Peppertree, I saw 4 different doctors.  The first doctor I saw there ended up moving but I wasn't informed until I went to make a follow up appointment with her.  No letter informing me of her departure... nothing.  I started seeing a new one but when I needed a certain lady procedure, they said they'd only do it on a certain day and the doctor that had already been up in my business wasn't working then.  So someone else got to poke around up in there.  There are more stories, but I think I've made my point.\n\nFinally, after making the decision to switch, I went in to fill out all the paperwork to obtain my medical records.  It's been a month and I still don't have them.  I called to follow up and I was transferred FIVE times because no one thought it was their responsibility.  Eventually I end up with someone who was able (willing?) to track down my request...she says they were sent.  I never got them.  No problem, she says, she'll send them again... but it's going to have to be 10 cents a page. \n\n*facepalm*