This review is more about the staff than anything else. Dr. Brittani Nickens is absolutely FABBO! I am so thankful to have found her; I feel like Rapunzel and I really got lucky. Truly, Dr. Nickens is a gem and this is why: 1)She has a pleasant bedside manner. 2)She listens, like really listens, and then addresses all concerns. 3)When there are options or alternative solutions for the pet's needs she takes the time to discuss at length so everything is clear and understood by all parties. 4)She doesn't try to give your pet treatments\/procedures it doesn't need. 5)She is patient and doesn't rush through talks, questions or exams. And 6) She's SMART! And who doesn't like the smart kids man?!?!\n\nNow, on to other things...\n\nLet me start by saying \"I get it!\". I am no stranger to the world o' animal science and have spent many of my days working in clinics. So with that being said, I know exactly what it's like when 5 phone lines are ringing, the Hill's truck just arrived with your food order, 2 drug reps are waiting to see the doctors, Mr. Smith called 4 hours ago for Spot's Rx but you haven't had time to fill it because of the emergency that came in, and to top it all off someone called out sick....IT'S AN ANIMAL HOUSE(pun intended), I GET IT! But what I don't get is the LACK of customer service. You agreed to take the front office position right?! So if you're going to spend your time doing it you might as well do it with a smile. Eye contact adds a little pizazz as well. Communication is also a useful tool. Be mindful of what you're communicating though because when you answer the phone and immediately put the caller on hold because you're \"with another client\" but you're actually putting a new patient chart together is uncalled for, especially when you do it 4 times. And it looks terrible to those of us in the lobby who can clearly see you aren't working with another client. Speaking of the phone, let's move on to taking messages. I don't give two rat's toes if Dr. Nickens is observing Giraffes on the Savanna for 6 months, if I call to leave her a message- TAKE THE STINKING MESSAGE!! Make me feel like a winner even if I'm not, it's that simple. In addition, the next time my 12 year old dog has a dental and a minor surgical procedure scheduled an awesome way to demonstrate concern and great service would be to give me a reminder call so that I don't forget to hold food and water the night before. And afterwards it would mean an awful lot if someone would call and check on my old girl. Now, my complaints aren't just about the front office. I'm wondering why the office manager A)Doesn't have the front office more organized and B)Doesn't address or respond to reviews. Negative or positive. We yelpers like to know that someone with a pulse is reading\/listening\/caring...something, anything, for the love of animals just give a response.\n\nOn a lighter note, the clinic doesn't smell like a litter box or kennel and they're open 7 days a week with very accommodating hours.