I come to Arizona to visit my brother and wife for NYE and had the WORST NYE at this bar...\n\nI stayed for four days and the first day i came down I checked this place out with my brother. The man that works to the right side of the bar was flirting with me the whole time, I just thought that he was being nice trying to make his tips and stuff until I ended up throwing up. I was under the impression I was ordering 9$ patron shots I ended up spending 60$ on them...Next day my brother and I were talking and he told me the reason I threw up was because I was drinking nothing but \"well\" drinks which are only supposed to be 3 bucks or something..So the bartender ripped me off and got me sick :(( I came 2 days later on NYE and confronted him and he just laughed at me! I tipped him good too like 10 bucks uggh such a ghetto feeling I had..Anyways 2 hours into the night right after 12 pm my bf wanted to go smoke a cig outside in the patio and accidentally brought it in cause he was a bit faded and this african american security guard put my bf in a head lock and was dragging him outside..My bf was not resisting or anything of the sort. I mean couldnt you have just said hey man you cant smoke it here you gotta leave or hey just dont smoke..Its not like he was being violent or anything! Anyways, once I saw the bouncer choking my bf, I ran after to tell him to stop hurting him and he kicked me out and called me fat. I left my purse inside and I asked if I could get it and he said no fat girl, just kept saying that. After about 10 mins or so of yelling and stuff I finally gave up and went to the front to have my brother look for it and it was missing. Stolen! My night ended there and I took a cab home. \n\nSo in conclusion, if you are coming out to AZ I would deff not recommend this bar to anyone. My brother was talking to a man who said he was going to be a manager there in a couple months and he was super nice buying him drinks and stuff and he was telling my brother about how much work needed be done to clean this place up. I really hope he makes a change cause this place has potential! I love to dance and this aspect is what initially attracted me to come here. If you come within the next 2 months expect the same or worse to happen to you..getting ripped off, chocked out for no reason, kicked out for no reason, called bad names, and having your belongings held hostage. Im still traumatized by this place, hopefully Ill get over it soon and hopefully the new owner steps in and makes this place shine like it should! :)