Ramen is fast food in Japan, cooked slowly. \n\nFrom downtown Toronto to the far reaches of Scarborough takes just under forty minutes of local driving on a Sunday morning, in between that I had 1\/2 hour to shove food in my face. Touhenboku opened their second location in the Mount Pleasant neighbourhood. A bold effort riding off  of the momentum gained at their flagship location on Queen Street West. It is the only restaurant in the area that offers food served with reasonable expedience that isn't shāwarmā. Toronto is becoming sick of shāwarmā, ramen is our new drug.\nSushi, shāwarmā, pork bone soup, burrito, and now ramen, this city is impressionable, but we seem be impressed by all the Dickensian things from other cultures. \n\nParking enforcement ignores the vehicles in this upper middle class neighbourhood on Sundays, because it pleases the baby strolling, electrolyte waist belt jogging white folks that has held claim to this area since business here began. Corruption here in Canada is slightly different than your average crony capitalist Country.\n\nChandeliers, wooden tiles, and brick walls, I suspect little renovation was needed for the second installment of what seems to be Toronto's first ramen chain. Horrible generic Japanese hotel lobby jazz music filled the humble ambiance. All of the tables were placed along the stretch of the walls, catering mostly to people who preferred to eat alone. An overly enthusiastic waitress sat me, clearly anxious about her new job at this restaurant that just opened, as it has yet to solidify their name in the restaurant competitive stretch of Yonge Street, near Eglinton Avenue. The menu is identical to the other location, and I ordered a regular ramen, salt based with chicken. I added a side of Touhenboku's rendition of fried chicken pieces on rice, covered in sweet mayonnaise. \nI'm sad to say that the once almost gelatinous soup is now considerably thinner, the noodles less elastic in texture, and the chicken comes nowhere near to the pork. The soup base itself is chicken, as despite the descension in quality, was still rather good. The soft boil egg was slightly harder than desired, and that horrible jazz music persisted throughout the meal could make a stone cold Miles Davis cry. \n\nThe kitchen area was uncomfortably open concept, as I could see every shaving of vegetable hit the floor. A small bar area with wine glasses hanging from the ceiling fixture was the only sense of privacy between the patrons and the staff. A glass case by the stairway leading to the downstairs washroom housed large bottles of sake proudly on display. There was no art on the wall, but the art of sanitation in the form of certificates next to the framed accolades dated 2013 from some organization I never heard of. The whole place just didn't feel Japanese. I would much rather it be brushed steel and huge ventilation systems sucking up steam in a heavily crowded and busy hole in the wall instead. What is the point of maintaining a sophisticated atmosphere (which evidently didn't work out for the previous tenant) to serve such a simple dish? If I wanted sophistication, I could have easily gone to any of the one hundred other restaurants immediately beside\/next to\/adjacent to here and had myself a dish spelt with an apostrophe. \n\nOne redeeming factor was the wonderful and happy staff. If there is consistency to be found in this brand, it would be the employees who offer more respect than I could ever deserve. Japanese speaking people with Japanese mannerisms that spoil an American washed boy like me. Bless their pale skins and slightly misaligned teeth. I have always compared the Japanese among Asians as British among Westerners; people of impeccable attention to detail, superior etiquette and ingenuity, unwavering pride, and unfortunate dentistry.