Sometimes an outsider can give you a different perspective. . .\n\nI flew in from Denver last night and got taken out to Barrio's without knowing anything about it. First thing you notice is that it's one of those white tablecloth and small neighborhood bistro-type Mexican restaurants that are cropping up all over the bigger cities in the Southwest, these days.\n\nYou know that's the case when the server comes over to offer you any one of what he claims are the 250 tequilas they have behind the bar. (!?) He describes a margarita special they're offering made with some brand I've never heard of, agave juice and freshly squeezed lime. Sounds unbelieveable, but turns out to be a tad too subtle for me, and those agave sugars are a bit slippery on my tongue.  So, while I politely acknowledge that the first one was good, I tell him, in response to his question, that I like my margaritas with Don Julio and Cointreau and ask for my next one that way.\n\nFirst downer, he gets a little snooty about what a  rube I am.\n\nHey. Mr. Cool. I'm your customer. If I like my margarita with ketchup, your job is to give me an enthusiastic smile and ask, \"one squeeze pack or two?\" \n\nPassing by the margarita moment, we start out with table-made guacamole. It's gets 3 stars for not having enough lime, salt or garlic, but still being pretty good.   They add pomegranate seeds for that bistro flair, but while it comes off as interesting, it's not as good as your well-made traditional guac.\n\nThey serve their sit-down table salsa with another somewhat contrived bistro element: bread and not chips. Roasted peppers, however, made it pretty tasty, so I'm not complaining.\n\nOn to dinner, and actually, that's what gets them up to 4 stars:  their chile en nogada,  I think they call it, was a large poblano chile stuffed with chicken, apricots, peaches (? and another \"!\"), garlic and almonds in a light cream sauce. Very very nice and unusual.  The server said it was a traditional dish from the Puebla area, and it was excellent and finger licking good. A bit of spice finished the dish and made it memorable.\n\nDessert, on the other hand, was a mediocre flan. A bit too heavy, with no subtlety at all.\n\nBottom line: creative food, a good attempt at bistro dining, tarnished only a little by a self-impressed server, and prices a bit on the high side. Nonetheless, I'm a fan and would go back. \n\nWhen I started this review I was going to comment on how strange it was that some people gave it 5 stars and others gave it 1 star.  On reflection, I get it. This place is neat, but a bit too cocky for its own good, and that can make some people pretty upset.\n\nMy guess is that Phoenix is big enough to keep this place around for a long time, and that the food and drinks, while somewhat over-priced, will keep em coming back. Thanks, Phoenix, for a very good dining experience.