Texas Station!! Yeeehaaa! Or Nah.. So I was literally dragged to come down to this place last night. Most definitely not my kind of scene however my friend had some FREE PLAY and food comps that they insisted on sharing with me. We all love free stuff right? Well what's that rule about you get what you pay for? I'm the first to admit I am extremely spoiled when it comes to being an MLIFE member (Platinum). I DO NOT gamble anywhere else besides my lovely MGM properties (Some of them). \n\nThis place is great for locals who live in the area and or just don't like to play down on the strip with the big dogs! Whoot Whoot! Is this casino a classic? Sure... Depends on what you classify as classic because it's for sure not classy. Neighborhood is a bit sketchy but they have security..I think.. Anyways it is a bit dated inside and when we were playing I just noticed that the employee's all seemed to hate their jobs. That slogan that they run about \"We Love Locals\" seems a bit contradicting. As we played a few games of blackjack at different tables, there was just no sense of personality from the dealers. Weird. I decided to get up and go play some slots! Boy are they TIGHT! I thought the WYNN was bad ha-ha! There were plenty of Cocktail waitress's working. They seemed to be a lot more friendly and pleasant to deal with. I only ended up ordering one drink since the premium liquor I'm used to wasn't offered. The vodka that they used in my Vodka tonic was awful might've been rubbing alcohol? My throat get's itchy from cheap liquor.. Don't expect anything that normally comes in a fancy glass to come as normal here. You get a tiny probably 6-8oz glass full with ice and about 3 ounces of liquor. Okay this was my que to go! My friend starting wining so of course we stayed a bit longer. Try the 99 cent Margaritas they offer. Not much alcohol but you can pretend there is plenty mixed in or just grab your flask from the car and add in your own Vodka like I did :-) All in all not sure if I'd be back.