I'm incredibly picky about how I like my nails done. I have a confession to make- I am an avid nail biter. I just can't give it up, I've never outgrown it, and even though it's disgusting, every time I try to quit I realize that biting them makes me happy enough to just keep on with the habit.\n\nThankfully, Creative Nails keeps me from looking like a tweaker\/6 year old. Or a 6 year old tweaker. What? Anyway, I always request my nails to look natural, because the whole point of getting them done for me, is to look like I don't bite them. I get a full pink and white set, and they do the best job out of anywhere I've ever been in Vegas!\n\nWhen you first come in, they're very friendly, someone acknowledges you immediately, and offers you a bottle of water. Awesome! All of their technicians are top notch under the watchful eye of Amy and her husband who own the salon. You see them walking around inspecting their technicians work, and they're really tough on them. It definitely pays off though! This is the only salon I've been to where I can tell them what I want, and they agree with me. They don't tell me I want my nails long, that I want more white, that I need the acrylic to be pink- they know the customer is always right! I can't even explain how refreshing that is!\n\nAlthough they offer a varied array of pedicures for when you want to treat yourself, I go for the basic pedicure as my monthly maintenance. It is amazing! They're so meticulous and really take their time with you. They also give a hot stone massage- for the basic pedicure! That's more outrageous than a 6 year old tweaker! Their color selection is fantastic for regular polish and gel alike. They can also do some amazing nail art if that's your thing.\n\nCome here if you like having control over what your nails look like. Come here if you like getting a great value. Come here if you want a salon that values your time by not wasting it. Amy is the best and keeps my nails looking fantastic! Appointments are recommended as they do get very busy. They also have a frequent customer card so you can earn discounts! Bonus!