Oh my GAWD! I am sitting here recovering from a FEZ food-coma after receiving a mind blowing food-gazm... mmmm FEZ burger.\n\nI just uploaded a ton of new photos. There was just so much to try for a first time visitor that I had to do it up right.\n\nI got to FEZ around 6pm with my boyfriend and was happily greeted when we entered. The place wasn't packed by any means. Just a few groups on the patio, and a few couples inside. I have a feeling the fact it was Fathers Day and a Sunday had something to do with it. Asked for Thomas, but I guess Sunday's are his day off. Bummer! Oh well next time :)\n\nWe started off with the $5 special of Gazpacho. I don't believe it was on the menu, but it oughta be. It was as untraditional as it gets. Tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, and it was drizzled with a cilantro spicy sauce (see pic) and a slice of toasted bread. My boyfriend and I shared the bowl and had to stop before we spoiled our appetite.\n\nWhen our waiter came back to the table I decided to order the Casablanca Chicken Sandwich, and the boyfriend got the FEZ burger. Since I wanted to try ALL the fries, we half'd them on eachothers plate. Rosemary Garlic fries, S&P fries (salt & pepper), Harrasa fries, and the well known Sweet Potato fries. When the plate came, we traded eachother half our burgers too so we could try everything.\n\nWhat can I really say? The Harrasa fries were my favorite and came with a white almost greek like sauce. The Sweet Potato fries I could eat for dessert every night. They had cinnamon and sugar sprinkled heavenly on them and came with an almost icing like sauce. Very sweet and savory. DELICIOUS! I couldn't stop eating them even when I was so stuffed I had to unbutton the pants. The salt and pepper fries were also delicious. Cooked just perfectly and not too salty. The pepper was a nice touch but it didn't overwhelm them at all. The ketchup they were served with was super fresh and not overly salty. VERY tomato-y. I'm not a big fan of rosemary so those weren't my favorite, but still a good fry to say the least.\n\nThe FEZ burger (see pic) was to die for. Amazing. Yes it has pears on it, but the flavor didn't come out heavy at all. It was topped with a sweet bbq sauce, ONION RINGS! done to a crisp, and cooked to perfection. The punches of flavor were like nothing else. My favorite.\n\nThe Casablanca Chicken Sandwich had cherries on it! That was the real seller. My boyfriend said it was a sandwich meets salad all wrapped up in a bun of awesome. Thick vinaigrette, moist chicken. Ya just gotta go and try it for yourself.\n\nI will definitely be back. I gotta try the hummus. I gotta try the kisras. I gotta try the lettuce wraps. I gotta save room for dessert!