My heart was broken. Still bleeding, I found myself on a seven day sojourn in Denver. Looking to get lost for a while. Looking for a tourniquet. It was that trip, and the encouragement of a dear friend that opened my eyes to the beautifully unexpected marvel that is SNOOZE. I didn't know then that that experience would change my life, but what I did know was that the OMG French Toast, friendly faces, prompt service, and gallon of coffee were exactly what I needed after a loooong night trying to un-torture my past. I wandered aimlessly through the great city the next 6 days. I was a sponge. The gentle hum, the drugs, the fairer sex, the wind, steel butting against rock, all of it. Soaked it all in. They say the sponge has no nervous, digestive, or circulatory systems. I could relate that week. However, in a seven day stretch of desolate whimsy with no clear direction, I found one constant. SNOOZE. Sweet, savory, and made with pride. A game changer in the world of breakfast. \n \n I returned home to Chicago. The scar was slow to heal, but my life would go on. Good days, bad days, days so uninspiring you can't even classify them, whatever. A rut was developing. I needed something new. \n \n I settled in Scottsdale, AZ. I have no idea why, but here I was and I  found some fast friends. After what can only be described as one of the more epic nights in recorded drunken history a friend suggested we work off our hangovers at Snooze. \n \n Wait....\n What?\n There's a Snooze here?\n Are you fu**ing with me?\n\n She was not. Once Google confirmed her story to be true, I ran out of the house as if it was on fire. I drove down to Tempe. Alone. I wanted this experience for myself. The whole 15 minute trip I fantasized about breakfast burritos, Bennys, pancakes, Micheladas, EVERYTHING! The car was floating. I was floating. I was about to be reunited with an old friend I thought I would only ever see in the city of Denver. I didn't want to pinch myself for fear of waking up. \n \n I walked in. It was different. Not in a bad way. Just different. More open, airy, better lighting, a lot of Dr. Dog on the stereo. The smells were the same. The smiles were bigger. I liked it immediately. I sat down at the bar. Continuing to look around and soak it all in. I was a sponge again and all of the emotions of my lost week in Denver flooded back into my brain. There was pain, but there was more excitement. I was ready. I knew what I wanted. \n\n This is when my life changed. Forever.\n\n I haven't been to all of the Snooze's in the country, but I don't have to visit them all to tell you that Snooze Tempe has something the rest of them don't. Her name is Parker. The wild card. She's an X-factor the other locations could only dream of having. Shortly after sitting down she was right in front of me. I ordered coffee, and then it goes blank. I was lost. More like trapped. Trapped in the beautiful abyss of her eyes. I bet a thousand men have been told what the pancake of the day is, yet never truly heard the words coming out of her mouth. I gathered myself and continued to look around. Soaking everything in. I was studying the food of everyone around me, watching the staff interact, listening to the stories being told of last night. I never wanted it to end. It was pure magic, and in the center of it all was Parker and her smile that could make the world stop. I ate, we laughed, the music played, and eventually like all things do, it ended. I may never see Parker again, or eat the delicious tacos or pancakes at Snooze, but the beauty and warmth felt that morning changed me. Reinvigorated me. A meal at Snooze is not just a meal. It's an experience. I now realize that's what dragged me back there every morning in Denver, and will most likely make me return to SNOOZE TEMPE a lot more in the future.\n\n Thank you Parker, and thank you Snooze. You woke something inside of me, and for that I'm eternally grateful.