I really don't get the high average of reviews here.  I think people are being blinded by the location. Sometimes a great ambience will make you feel the food tastes better than it does.  The ambience (decor and furniture) is top shelf.  BUT, the food here is really quite mediocre.  Just a step above a Sbarro's, with more flair.  I've received plates that were not to temperature (too cold), and inconsistently prepared (like the roasted, planked chicken I used to always go for, until I got the feeling that it just wasn't what it used to be.  The location at Town Square still does this dish fairly well).  The pasta is fairly good.  The salads are decent.  Other dishes are decent. The bread is quite good, and the only offering I've had so far that I don't feel I could make just as well, if not better, at home.  (When I go out to eat, I expect to partake of a meal that I could not do better at home!)  I think the menu is a bit too large, and they should do more rotation, and do more specials.  But this is not the reason for a 3-star review.  The real issue is the service.\n\nThe service is more miss than hit, in my experience here.  I have rarely felt that my server could care less about me and whomever I was eating with.  And because I work in the area (and professionals seem to gravitate to this place for lunch), I've had the experience of being here numerous times.  I've gotten out of it a few times, though, by suggesting other nearby spots!  (Like Vintner Grill).  I just have never felt especially welcomed or treated with warmth or enthusiasm here on any occasion whatsoever.  Even though I am quite a friendly person!  The girls up front are usually clueless, can't answer any questions about the menu, can't tell you if someone you're waiting for is there, make you feel as though you're bothering them if you sit and wait in the lounge chairs by the door for your party, wear the most ridiculously short skirts or dresses, or cleavage tops, and are snobby, and apparently catty.  Even the young guys give you \"I'm too sexy for this place\" vibes.  It's so not luxury.  And so at odds with the ambience of the environment.  I just don't GET why you would--out of all of the options at Tivoli Village (e.g., Echo & Rig)--pick this place.