SOLID 4star establishment. Granted I've only been 2x but both times had me already thinking about the next time I come back and who next I wanna bring with me to experience the yummy delicious-ness that was devoured and all at the price of under $10. \n\nEstablishment is in a great location and easily seen from the street when driving by. Plaza isn't fully occupied but this place is definitely the star of the show in this plaza.  Rainbow is really becoming a second Chinatown, just a lot cleaner lol. Anyway, all these pokè places kinda have this similar to subway, but for sushi burritos or bowls, they have things you can order so you don't have to think about the ingredients you wanna add, or what I go with, the create your own. \n\nWhat I can say that really stands out to me about Sweet Pokè is a couple of things I'm gonna list out:\n1. super healthy (I mean it's raw fish)\n2. lots of options (at no extra charges i.e. no extra charge for seaweed salad!)\n3. ability to mix & match the options to your heart's content\n4. I walk away actually full but not feeling heavy & guilty for my food addictions\n5. Service has been spot on every time with friendly & helpful staff\n\nHere's my experience and breakdown of the place: \n\nI've always gone with the bowl (personally I feel you just get waaaaay more outta it that way) which I do the Regular Serving which is 2 scoops of your choice of protein which options include: tuna, salmon, yellowtail, freshwater eel, shrimp tempura, tofu just to name a few. But get this, you can mix your scoops; 1 scoop of one protein and 1 scoop of something different. But also before you choose your protein, they will ask you rice or salad & for rice they have brown or white (I'm brown rice for the healthier option) and even that you can get half\/half. With their salad options they have spinach, romaine lettuce, &\/or spring mix which again you can mix all that at no extra charge. So once you pick your base of the bowl and picked your scoops of protein out, they will ask you types of sauces, and there's no limitations. they mix your protein and your sauces in a separate bowl then add that to your base bowl. because I get half brown rice and half salad mix, I even ask for sauce of my choice in the bowl drizzled on my salad. Okay so now you have your bowl base with your 2scoops added to the mix. Then the fun part, the toppings and extra yummy goodness to make your create your own exactly that! What I really like as a unique feature is you then get your choice of 1scoop of either shredded ahi tuna, crab, or spicy crab.. no extra charge, so it's like I have 3 scoops of protein which is alright by me!! So with the toppings, I always add tempura crunch, seaweed salad (which is not extra charge here & I normally pay extra for it) edamame, & fruit (dude, don't bash it till you try it! mango & pineapple pieces actually go amazing with the combo) but they have corn, tortilla chips, pico de gallo, jalapeño, all kinds of other stuff.. so combine and mix away! And there you have it! the Sweet Pokè experience! \n\nAnd real talk I walk out feeling fully satisfied. The poke is delicious, the serving size is definitely worth the bucks you pay, & honestly for the price and availability of options, I'd pick this place over some other popular sushi burrito\/bowl locations. So why only 4 stars? It's missing decor and ambiance for me. It's pretty plain jane simple in there and first time I came, it as a smell of hardwood kinda similar to what you smell in home depot lol and I'm not sure if it's because of the table furnishing they went with, or the construction next door, but it just lacks in even just wall decor, set up, & presence. Definitely it's a quick eats place for sure, but I think they could warm up the ambiance of the place just a bit  so it's not so blah. But otherwise yeh, no, solid place for me. If I could it'd be 4.5 stars!