Ladies, do yourself a favor and stop by this shop to get you some new lovelies. \n\nContours is one of the few shops in Madison that follow the proper way to do bra fittings (aka the European method of the number being the number in inches of a band tightly just under your boobs and the cup size being the difference in inches from the first measurement and that of you at the fullest part of your boobs when you are leaning over slightly). If you've ever been measured at Victoria's Secret or some other mall store, you are probably wearing the wrong sized bra. If your straps fall down all the time, you're probably wearing the wrong sized bra. If you get the quad boob thanks to the cups cutting into the top of your boobs, you're probably wearing the wrong sized bra. If your band is riding up a ton, you're probably wearing the wrong sized bra. If you have a larger than average sized chest, you're probably wearing the wrong bra.  If you're wearing a size small or x-small shirt and you got your bra at Vicky's or a regular store, you're probably wearing the wrong sized bra. The workers at Contours know how to do proper bra fittings (or you can do them yourself with an online guide (www.reddit.com\/r\/abrathatfits) and bring in your size) and can help you find the styles that work best for you.  Bras here are going to be more expensive, but having one that properly fits makes a world of difference. When I went I came home with one new bra and noted several other styles that I liked which I may pick up online. They tend to be cheaper online, but getting to try on several different styles all at once is worth the premium prices you pay here. I didn't have an appointment, but rather just stopped by when out shopping. The sales gal I worked with didn't seem pushy at all and had a very relaxed pace. I wasn't rushed at all. \n\nI knew they had a nice selection of bras, but I was pleasantly surprised at the variety and quality of lingerie that they also had on hand. A wide variety of sizes from xsmall to plus sizes is wonderful to see. Fellas, if you want to get some quality undergarments for your ladies, this is the place to go. They even will keep your sizes on file along with a wishlist to make future shopping trips (or present buying) an easier affair.