I've been to Pho Angelina 3 times but only because I had purchased Groupons that have allowed me to go. The food is decent as far as Pho places go, the ambiance of the restaurant was very nice compared to typical Phos. The prices were on average 30% more though for each plate. \n\nIts hard to give such a terrible rating to a place with so many positives but the service there was absolutely terrible, frustrating and or the worst service i've seen at a restaurant outside my little nephews playing hamburger stand in the backyard. \n\nEach time I went I waited about 5 minutes just to be acknowledged. From being seated it would take a ridiculous amount of time to have my order taken. From there consistently dishes would take forever to come out and not even in the proper order (IE: I'd get an entree then 20 minutes later i'd get my appetizer). \n\nWith my last Groupon I decided to time my whole experience to really be able to help people get a sense of the terrible service. \n\nLast Sunday I went in and I waited 3 minutes to be seated, 11 minutes to be acknowledged where I was sitting. My entree came in at the 26 minute mark. My first appetizer came 9 minutes after. My last appetizer came in about 15 minutes after I was done eating everything else. (Literal numbers no exaggeration)\n\nWhat bothers me isn't that the restaurant was so busy that the staff couldn't handle the load but more that they were either too lazy to pay attention or incompetent to the point where they didn't know what they were doing. \n\nThat night there were 3 servers. One (short asian guy on the bar side of the room) would be texting on his phone, talking to his group of friends seated nearby, and generally not paying attention. Theres a big darker skinned asian guy who took 10 minutes to make a drink, while ignoring my waves for attention, and 4 phone calls to the restaurant literally 3 feet away from him. He then took maybe 5 minutes to put an order into the computer. In the total hour I was there he accomplished maybe 4 tasks. \n\nLastly, I once had a take out order, which they messed up and gave me the wrong thing. The next time I went back and asked if theres anything they could do about it they told me I should have checked it before I left and too bad. \n\nI absolutely do not recommend this place. I hope people will listen to this review to save themselves a bad experience.