This place makes me nervous just thinking about going there.\nI have officially decided I am never going back here again. I will drive 15-20 miles to my nearest Sprouts or the Fancy Fry's in Scottsdale before I ever drive 1 mile to get to Safeway.\nIt's that bad.\nNot only is the parking lot notoriously sketchy with inconsiderate drivers abounding, but there are numerous problems inside the store, as well:\n1) You walk in to a rather dimly-lighted store, usually with a sour-faced security guard blocking your access to the carts.\n2) What carts you ask? That's a good question. Several times I have had to grab a handbasket because there were no carts in stock, even though I had a long grocery list to fulfill. I actually saw the cartboys leaning against the cartrails, laughing and having a heck of a time. Look, I get it, it's hot outside and you don't want to get get the carts, but C'MON!\n3) The first thing you see upon walking in may or may not be a ghetto display of moldy-looking fruit, or on  the 4th of July, a teenage employee roasting hot dogs on a bunsen burner with open containers of ketchup and mustard on a rickety table.\n4) Venture into the produce section, and you will meander through very difficult twists and turns that your cart may not even fit through. Please, managers, make sure that the spaces between fruit stands are at least cart-width!!!\n5) The line for the pharmacy extends into the produce area. Enough said.\n6) Expect for the aisles to have large space-blocking cardboard displays and\/or fallen down merchandise and\/or an employee restocking items right in the middle of the day. I would say half of the aisles are blocked at any given time.\n7) Once you have completed your hazardous journey of finding everything on your list, you must enter one of the two checkout lines, which are so long that they become another force blocking the aisleways. Two checkout lines, you say? Yes, only two, despite there being 5 or 6 total checkout lanes. If you are a young lady with any shred of fashion or hygiene, expect to be \"checked out\" by creepy older men whilst standing innocently in line.\n8) Your cashier will either be a surly teenage boy or a pregnant teenage girl who does a poor job managing the line and barely gives you the time of day and\/or forgets to give you the receipt when you are done. But you are so eager to get out of there, you simply don't care to go back and ask for it.\n\nOh, and there may or may not be trash on the floor.\nIf Safeway as a nationwide brand prides themselves on safety or service, they need to get their corporate people in here to take a look at this store, and either condemn it or fire everyone who works here.\nIt's even more pitiful because they are the closest store to everyone who lives downtown, so they could easily be the most popular.\nPlease, downtown, replace this disgraceful store with a Whole Foods or a Sprouts or a place with a shred of human decency.