Man how I have wanted to try here SO bad. You see the brightly orange color building right off Horizon Ridge and then read wonderful reviews, my hopes were SO high! \nIt's a holiday, so I get it's busy. I get staff is tired and working hard. The gal setting our party of 3 was pleasant and suggested a great table. VIEW WAS BEAUTIFUL!  You could see the full strip and all its beauty! \nLunch is Mon- Friday till 5!! Sweet! How great is that! We all found plenty of food choices from the 3 lunch price tiers. It was a little difficult to figure out anything but the basics at every Mexican restaurant but help from google of a few words we could figure out everything just fine. \nWaiter was horrid. It was over 20 mins before he greeted us then he took others orders before us and even coming back. People who came and were seated after we ordered got their food before us! Shrimp was cold, beans, rice, steak alllll cold. I had hair like things on my steak and my daughter had something non edible possibly plastic or some other material in her food. Before ordering I asked what was on the plate. He didn't say any vegetables and left out the fact of a extremely hot larger pepper that was all over the steak. This made it unable to eat for me for I can't do spicy like that. As I write this at home my lips are still numb and burning. \nA positive is omg wonderful bus boy. Our chips were non stop filled and our drinks never empty. He didn't speak English well but he was able to get what we needed or asked someone to help him! I wish we could of just tipped him! I'm honestly sad I didn't get his name but I did post my receipt and in hopes staff will acknowledge him and his kind efforts. Bean dip was so good. Could of lived off just that! \nIf this was my only chance to visit I would of seen this as a fail to vegas eats! Maybe I'll see about a non holiday try but it's hard to look past the dirty wicker baskets they place on your bowl of chips that holds your tortillas (I couldn't even use them after seeing the grossness) then again the hair and plastic we ended up not eating most of the 3 meals ordered and what we did was carefully picked thu and still praying it will be ok. \nDid stop and talk to a manager and all that was said was why didn't we ask for him? Well you see sir- your waiter wasn't around to do his job let alone for me to ask for you- I however tracked you down to inform you of his piss poor service.