I brought my family to Soi 4 for a early Friday night dinner. We walked in and it was very modern and fancy looking. High ceilings with the main dinning on the bottom for and outside. They have upstairs dining too and I noticed the larger groups were upstairs. \n\nWe started off with Paupia which is basically crispy vegetable rolls. I thought they were pretty good. We also had the Plamuk Tod which was calamari. It came with about 8 pieces of calamari with carrots and onions. The sauce on the side was really good. Spicy and sweet. Calamari was cooked perfect. Not to chewy. Really good but a small dish. \n\nI had the Kang Bpet which was honey roasted duck filet with Spinach, lychee, and pineapple. The server told me that this comes in their medium heat only. Was a little tentative at first but actually their medium heat was really mild heat to me. Duck was cooked really good. Not a lot of fat on the filet. The dish really came together with the curry and the pineapple and lychee. I got a side of brown rice with this. I really liked this curry dish. Outstanding. \n\nMy wife got the pad se-ew which had pork, broccoli, and egg. She really like it a lot. My daughter got the pad ke-mao and it had steak and basil. Their version of drunken noodles. Very good. Daughter loved it. Then my son got the gai yang which was Thai BBQ chicken with sticky rice on the side. I didn't hear any complaints from him. He liked it a lot. \n\nFor dessert I had the Thai iced tea. Got to say that this was probably one of the best I've had. Not too sweet. Perfect blend. Really enjoyed this. We also got the Mango sticky rice. Sweet mangos and I loved the sticky rice. Really good. \n\nSo the service was pretty good. They brought our water cups right way and our server greeted us pretty quickly. Our server Aimee Carrero knew the menu very well and helped us make some pretty good decision. Not a lot of personality but she was very efficient and took care of us. Also, liked it a lot where they put your own water pitcher at the table.  \n\nSo overall the ambiance was pretty cool. Dim lighting, pretty loud with all the tables enjoying themselves, and you can hear low music in the background. Food was really good but the heat level could be a little higher. Just remember if you are one of those people that likes high heat. The service was great. \n\nSo overall, I really enjoyed this place. Probably one of the best Thai places I've been too. I will most likely be back. Enjoy.