I came here last night with my roommates and had possibly the worst encounter with the staff and management in my past experience. Not only did the staff waste over an hour of our time on our night out, but they also treated us in a highly unprofessional way and were disrespectful throughout our wait time. I don't expect security to treat us on a VIP level; however, if I'm going to Vegas to enjoy my time with my girlfriends, it is unacceptable that ANY of them would be personally attacked by management at the club.\n\nWe got there at around 10:15 (early in the night, due to tips from our promoter) and there was no one in line. We were told that the club wouldn't open until 10:45, so our group stood by the staff guest line and talked amongst ourselves. About half an hour later, we were told that one of my roommates wouldn't be able to get in because she was \"too intoxicated\", even though none of us were drinking that half hour. It's funny that they didn't mention anything about intoxication when we first arrived. I didn't realize that girls could become \"intoxicated\" just by standing in the line for a shitty club.\n\nLong story short, they asked to come back in an hour until my friend \"sobered up\". When we came back, they had adopted a sincere facade and graciously allowed us to cut the line, only to kick my friend out again because she \"walked into a wall\" on her way in. Ok sir, YOU try walking in 4 inch heels after trekking up and down the strip. I guarantee that you'll probably crash into a wall even if it was 90 degrees away from your line of sight.\n\nWhen we were leaving, I heard another staff member saying \"she couldn't even avoid the wall!\" while laughing to another employee. But the way my friend was acting was most definitely not intoxicated. She walked in a straight line past the entrance and moreover, did not go near any walls.\n\nWe were all excited to experience Vegas clubs so we were more outgoing than usual, and it's sad that Hakkasan does not accept that vibe. If you want a good club, go to XS at the Wynn. We went there the night before and had a much better experience than whatever crap this was.