This is the first and only Savers I've been to since I fell in love the first time I walked through the doors. \n\nMy boyfriend brought me here for the first time sometime last year and I've gone here NUMEROUS times ever since. The place is huge and every time I go, the it is very organized (especially in comparison to most other thrift stores). The clothes are COLOR CODED and organized by size\/type, which makes it so much easier to shop for what you're looking for. Sometimes I'm in a rush and I'm able to grab at least 5 things that I like within ten minutes because of the way the clothes are organized. \n\nI like the fact that each item is priced individually. At places like Goodwill, they usually have a set price for all pants, shirts, shoes, etc. and a lot of the stuff tends to be overpriced (for a thrift store). The items also have different colored price tags that correspond to whatever sale they're having that day. Sometimes I'll get lucky and one of the items I want will be 75% off that day, making it around a buck or two, definitely a steal! If I don't get the colored tag special, there's always the 20% off coupon  you can get by donating clothes. \n\nI know many people don't like going to thrift stores because they think they're dirty and whatnot, but really, all the clothes are washed very well and they don't smell used or anything. It's not like they just take dirty gym clothes out of donation bags and put it on a rack. To be honest, all of my best clothing happens to be from thrift stores, mainly this one. It seems like clothing today is very cheaply made, unlike in the past. When I come here I can find so much unique clothing that I know will last me for a very long time. \n\nI absolutely love this place. If i didn't travel back and forth between Vegas and Tahoe so much, I'd probably be here every week! The selection is so immense. They have kitchenware, electronics, books, movies, clothing, shoes, jewelry, paintings, boardgames, just about everything.The clothing is so cheap that I can go on a shopping spree without busting a hole in my wallet. I also never feel bad about cutting and altering clothing because it doesn't cost me very much. \n\nIf you've never gone thrifting, this is definitely the place to start.