So...let's just say that my previous dental experiences in town have been less than pleasant.  Not that they hurt.  Getting 4 straight hours of tattoos in the inside of your arm, or passing a kidney stone hurts.  Some gum scraping is just uncomfortable and easily managed through some local anesthetic.  It's the people that make the difference.\n\nI stopped in for my inaugural appointment at Dr. Hom's practice and was quickly greeted by my first name!  Nope...never been before.  Maybe I look like a Christopher.  Was still a nice start.  Then, whilst completing the small library of information packets that's typically required by any establishment bound by HIPAA, I was surprised to be quickly interrupted by the Hygienist who told me to go ahead and bring my paperwork back while she got things ready.  \"What?  I don't have to sit here and fill everything out while you try to rush another patient through?\"  Unheard of!  \n\nThe DH was awesome.  Very attentive to any discomfort, chatted with me during the process, to which I most replied either \"Uhahhuahahaa\", or \"Gggaklkkllkkkk\".  She always let me vacuum out the pool usually on the latter reply.  \n\nWe finished up with some gentle chastising on my inability to practice good flossing habits at my age, and then I awaited the visit from the doc.  Dr. Hom came bay and we chatted about technology for a good 10 minutes, then about college and career choices.  \"What?  You want to know about 'me'?  More so than whether or not I have insurance?\"  Unheard of!  She covered some basics with me, again, only a slight slap on the knuckles about my dental behaviors, then sent me on my way with a couple referrals to local orthodontic offices so I can make some price comparisons on nurturing my vanity.\n\nGreat experience!  I even booked my next two follow-up appointments before leaving, as opposed to my standard practice of pretending I had to check my calendar and get back to them, thereby procrastinating for 6-9 months before scheduling a follow up.\n\nGreat place!