I dropped in unexpectedly with CM for a snack around 7:30 last night.  CM was hungry because he hadn't eaten dinner, and we were expecting to try one of the breakfast sandwiches at Delanie's Coffee, where we were originally planning to head.  However, the barista there apologetically informed us that he turned off the oven at 7, since it takes a long time to cool down.  He recommended Carson St. Deli as an alternative place to get a sandwich, which I recognized as a place that I'd bookmarked on Yelp, so we headed on over.\n\nCM ordered the Mark Cuban ($8.25), a variant on the classic cuban sandwich.  This version substituted chicken for the pulled pork, a roll for the bread, and was toasted rather than being pressed like a panini, judging by the meltiness of the Swiss cheese.  Although I didn't try it, CM was very pleased with this sandwich, which satiated his hunger well.  As for me, I had to order the Donnie Brasco ($8.25), a layered egg salad and buffalo chicken sandwich, based on other reviewers' comments.  This was one of the more unique sandwiches I've eaten.  It was quite flavorful and substantial, and was bookended by good quality Italian bread.  However, it was one of the messiest sandwiches I've ever eaten, due to the mayonnaise and buffalo sauce and the small pieces of hard boiled egg and chicken.  Fortunately, CM and I have reached the point where we're comfortable eating messy foods in front of one another, so it wasn't an issue.  ;-)\n\nThe ambiance was surprisingly quiet for a bar, due to the fact that there was only a couple of other customers when we were there, and that the TVs were muted.  We enjoyed the oldies music that was playing, which somehow seemed appropriate for a sandwich shop such as this.  Service from an older gentleman I'm guessing may be the owner was friendly and pretty efficient.  One quirky thing that caught us off guard is that if you eat in, you pay after you finish eating, rather than when you order. In retrospect, however, this makes sense in light of this place being a bar, given that many people probably want to run a tab.  (I didn't think of this since we didn't have anything to drink.)  Although the prices have gone up a bit, we felt that they were still pretty reasonable (total check: $16.50).  Overall, we were quite pleased with our experience here, and would definitely return in the future.