As a disclaimer, my review for sure would have been better if there was a game on. The big screen TV is insane and add into the mix of beers, wings, and friends, and you have all the important ingredients to a GREAT game night experience. However, on a Sunday, off-game night, this place leaves something to be desired.\n\nThe place was quite empty, although Sunday at 8pm, I am sure many places are not as packed. The service was extremely disorganized which seemed counter-intuitive for an empty night. There appeared to be many servers so the reason could not have been because the place was busy. Orders were left out and the receipt, although mentioned time and time again to be split 3 ways, was given as a whole.\n\nThe place has a great selection of on-tap and bottle beers, great for games. We ordered wings for appetizers, and I have to say the worst ones I have had (compared to Wild Wings of Duffs). Then again, you would not come here for just the food. I made the mistake of ordering the Lettuce Burger (see pic), which in my mind, was the best of both worlds. I get to eat a hamburger, but without the carbs and big buns which often fills me up fast. \n\nLiterally, the lettuce burger is a big cabbage sliced in half and a dried over-cooked patty wedged in between. The burger was the size of a basketball because each half of the lettuce contained millions of lettuce leaves. How does one fit that thing into a mouth? And to top it all off, you can order a side of salad with your lettuce burger, so all in all, you will probably eat more leaves in one sitting than you have your entire existence.\n\nBut I get it. This is a sports bar. You don't come here for the food. You come here for the games, for the beer, for that big screen TV. From other reviews, it appears to be hit or miss with tables (reservations or none), but if you do get a table on a game night, I can imagine this place to be frickin cool! Having said that, don't bother coming here for off nights. Mediocre everything else.