I wanted to like this place so much, but I cannot for the life of me say I enjoyed my time I spent here.  It's like you stepped into a time warp when you walk in here.  A time warp that takes you back to the early 90s.\n\nAbout the only nice thing that happened here were the two guys standing at the admission area, they were polite and courteous.  Once past there, that's where the politeness ended.  It almost feels like you're in gym class once you pass through that door.  At the skate rental area it was like the guy was working at a cattle ranch.  Branding by shoe size, hurry up and move on.  \n\nNow, mind you, I'm not the best when it comes to roller skating, in fact it's been a few years since I had skates on my feet.  I was being super cautious as I didn't want to fall and break anything, such as my last time out.  I was careful while entering the rink, for some reason there is a step to get onto the rink.  I started to skate and the gym teacher...err I mean referee, or was he an umpire...ah, forget it, the employee skated up and after doing an amazing twirl he basically told me to get off the rink and go to the 'practice area.' By practice area he meant the kiddie section that had been converted into a pool hall.  Yeah, okay, I guess I'll go 'practice' there, maybe fall and injure myself on one of the three pool tables.  Speaking of skating, how about it appears there are regulars that come all the time, and these regulars seem to be favored by staff.  So much so that they are like junior employees able to tell other customers what they can and cannot do on the rink.  And can we talk a minute about the whistles they were using (see why I think of this place as gym class).  Every five seconds one of them were blowing their whistle, I could understand the little kids that were horse playing, but blowing that thing because I was attempting to get off the rink and was holding onto the wall?  Give me a break.  I understand the wall rule, but every once in a while you need to hold onto the wall to steady yourself, I am sorry that you have near professionals skating here that think they can own the rink during a time when everyone is allowed on the rink.  Speaking of the rink, it's not all that great.  I know they do roller derby here, and it's taking it's toll on the floor.  I don't know how many times I almost wiped out because I would hit a section of the floor that had been damaged.\n\nAs for the rest of the place, yikes.  They are attempting to be a all in one type of destination for kids.  They have party rooms, arcade games, and a snack\/prize bar all crammed in here.  would have been nice if those things were on when I was here, after my laps around the rink, I could have had something to keep me busy for the rest of the time I was in here (because reentry is not allowed, you cannot go outside and come back in, so if you forgot, say your phone, forget getting back in without paying another admission).  The bathrooms were scary, usable, but scary.  The carpeting was fraying in parts, especially on the walls, just about cut myself on the exposed wood getting off the rink.\n\nI doubt I will be attempting roller skating any time soon, but if I do, I will not be here again, I will go elsewhere.  I was so sad, I was expecting to have an amazing time, but left here with a sour taste in my mouth.