Ok, here's the situation.  It was a Saturday afternoon and raining cats and dogs. What to do with my 5 year old daughter?  Go to the movies right?  So off we go to Stonecrest.  When I couldn't find a parking space I knew I was in trouble.  Of course every soccer mom and their kid had the same idea and the movie was sold out.  CRAP.\n\nI go on my trusty phone and saw the same movie was at Cinnebarre.  I'm a man who learns lessons quickly and I purchased my ticket online through Fandango and we drove to the Arboretum.  I was a bit skeptical because when I was younger I went to the same theater with my friends so I thought it would be a bit run down.\n\nIt's a bit different here you know?  When you walk in there's a nice sized bar with tables and chairs.  I even saw a pool table.  We were early and walked into the theatre and again, different.  There are less seats, but they were comfy....leather high backs with a row table in front with a menu and an ordering card.  Everything on the menu from Appetizers (wings, cheese sticks, hummus and pita chips) to full on meals (pizza, burgers, etc...).  I ordered the popcorn for my daughter and I along with 2 dinks (32 OZ).  Prices weren't that concerning to me since you're in a movie theatre and nothing seemed unreasonable.  They had a full beer and wine menu also for the people that are into it.\n\nThe waiter came buy and answered questions.  He wasn't the friendliest, and customer servicy, but whatever I was there for the movie.  We got our drinks and popcorn before the move and it was served in a silver bowl like at home with real butter.  Very classy.\n\nIt was a good experience, and I think the reason I liked Cinnebarre so much is that it wasn't crowded with 5 million people.  I like that.  The food and drinks being served was an added bonus.  Great place for a date IMO.  If I were to nit pick I'd have them clean the menus up literally, they kind of stuck to the table.\n\nOther than that.  Nice experience.  I will be back.