Lazy service, weird atmosphere, and only OK food. \n\nThis place is located in a sunburnt strip mall with a cracked parking lot.  All the businesses there have Spanish signage.  The place is three retail spaces wide and fairly deep. Vinyl booths line the walls and Formica tables dominate the interior.  \n\nWe entered on a Sunday afternoon, to the whirr of a fan sitting on the floor near a marginally maintained aquarium. Umpah mariachi music blared from a juke box, as a few well-weathered Latino men in tight jeans, cowboy boots, and cowboy hats studied the song list or meditated over their beer and chips.  Other than them and another couple, we were the only customers there.\n\nAfter sitting and perusing the menu for at least five minutes, the waitress finally arrived to take our drink order.  I asked for iced tea.  Out of iced tea. Being parched from Vegas heat, I asked if the Orchata was refillable. No. Ok fine. I've had enough of restaurants with no decent, refillable beverage choices that aren't packed with sugar. I asked for water, dug into my purse and whipped out my Peach Tea Mio.  Five minutes later she arrived with my water and his Diet Coke.  Another five minutes later she brought us a small basket of chips, salsa, and a small plate of chips with bean dip and melted queso on top.  Then she took our order.\n\nGary ordered a beef burrito and I ordered chicken poblano.  While we waited we finished all of our chips and most of our beverages.  No refills were offered.  The food was in the window for a few minutes before the waitress decided to pick it up and bring it less than 10 feet to our table.  His burrito was tasty and huge. My chicken was OK but only OK. It was bone-in, which I wasn't expecting. The poblano molé had good chocolate flavor but not enough salt. The rice was very good, needed salt, but nicely flavored with little pieces of veggies in it. The beans were tasty too.  \n\nOnce we were done, we asked for a box as were brought the check.  We had already been sitting too long and were getting anxious to leave so Gary coughed up enough cash to cover the bill plus an all too generous tip.  Just as we were about to leave without taking leftovers, our box arrived.  God help us if we'd asked for a refill or anything out of the ordinary. \n\nWe really were looking for a nice little place on the way from The Strip to North Las Vegas Airport, that would be outside of the whole Vegas scene.  We saw other alternatives on Yelp.  Next time we'll skip this dive and opt for something with a better Yelp reputation. \n\nPS: Attention waitress, this isn't service.  Your job should not be to take our order and then do the bare minimum. You should recognize that you work for tips, then earn them.  Gary was way too generous because you were lazy, slow, and didn't care.  You suck.