Maybe you could put up with horribly rude people if your nails turned out good but even that was pathetic. Read on if you care to get the details but let me recommend that you go to nearby Greenfield Nails if you are looking for good service. \n\nTook my wife here for her birthday after a nice dinner. The place she usually goes to (Greenfield Nails) was closed and this was our only option. She always talks about how relaxing and enjoyable getting a pedicure is so I was interested to see why. We arrived about 1 hour before closing and it was obvious that they did not want to help us. Finally a man came out of the office and told us to pick a color for her toe nails. The color selection was weak at best. She was seated at one of the chairs and the tech came over. She was rude and difficult to understand. She was setting all of the tools and equipment down hard like a 10 year old kid who doesn't get his way would do. We thought she asked if my wife wanted the \"color\" removed from her nails to which we replied yes. We then figured out she was going remove the calouses we said no. \n\nThe tech rushed through the pedicure and was talking in her native language to the other employees. We got the feeling that she was talking negatively about us. Her rude body language continued throughout. She finished the pedicure in about 20 minutes and the process did not resemble the relaxing pampering pedicure I have heard my wife talk about. \n\nJust as the tech was going to put the polish on my wife's nails my wife says I don't think she buffed or filed my nails at all. She asked the lady if she buffed the which made her angry and defensive. She raised her voice and said \"Do you want to watch the video?\" \n\nBy this time I am getting upset but I don't want ruin my wife's bday so I bite my tongue. \n\nThe tech rushes through the painting process doing a terrible job. Then without a word to us the tech just walked away. We had no idea if we were done or what. \n\nAfter sitting there for a long time we decided to go to the front counter to check out. She rushes up there and provides a receipt for $5 more than we originally agreed. I really dont care about the $5 but we were not sure what the extra charge was for. When we questioned she became very angry and was yelling. When asked her why she was so made she started yelling for some old guy to come help her. He scurried over and was little to no help. He just cut me off and said I will tell the manager tomorrow. Not sure how anyone could be pleased with this place. I would be shocked if they are still around in 6 months. If I was the mall I would run them out right away.