After years of bringing our daughter to Stu Miller's Pumpkin Patch, we decided to invite my husband's sister and her family to come with us this Sunday after watching football. We were having a great time, but then my nephew accidentally collided with another child at the bottom of the obstacle course ride. There was an older man with white hair (Artie or Arnie - some name similar) who reprimanded him, as if accidents don't happen, and then proceeded to follow him on the side of the course for the next couple of times he went on it. He went on to tell my brother-in-law about the incident - who then also talked to his son about being more careful and conscientious of others as he was playing. But apparently that wasn't enough to suffice in the eyes of the old man because he then continued to follow us from ride to ride, warning the attendants about my nephew and staring in our general direction. Now, I do not typically have an issue with the \"village\" helping to raise a child, but this was ridiculous. The man is running a place where children come to enjoy their time, where their parents pay $1-$3 per ride (BTW - the train will take them 2 loops for that $3 fee, mind you!) and support the company's business, where we have had several great family-friendly experiences in the past - and this geriatric sheriff was harassing my family throughout our entire experience! We spent $80 in tickets, so we tried to ignore his rudeness - but this guy has got to be kidding! I could see if someone got hurt, him being upset - but no one was crying, no one was bothered - with the exception of HIM! He has to expect some horseplay when you put children 10 and under on blow up play things, but what's worse is that my brother-in-law didn't disregard the concern, he didn't defend his son's behavior - he spoke to him about being more careful and there was never again an unsafe incident during our visit. I don't know what that guy's true issue is, but I do know that he left my brother-in-law and nephew feeling victimized and single out over a petty incident that was handled appropriately by a parent. Clearly the experience that we had, the place we were eager to share with our family - was unnecessarily uncomfortable and subpar at best! Please don't waste your time or money going to Stu Miller's Pumpkin Patch because this guy was on some sort of ugly power trip that was going nowhere fast and absolutely uncalled for! Lighten up, Grandpa!\n\nAnd I'll also add that we got a funnel cake on the way out and it tasted like the oil was old, it was disgusting! And trust me - it takes a lot for a girl like me to return a fried dough, but the aftertaste was that of a greased up hotdog! My money was refunded, so there's the one star for halfway decent customer service - otherwise this experience would've gotten zip!