I walked in on a Sunday, I think.  It was dead. It was so dead, I thought about leaving. There was only one other table occupied by a family of four--a mom, a dad, and two kids around nine or ten.  They had already ordered by the looks of it, so I decided to take a chance.\n\nI sat myself in the corner booth that had a good view of the Brewer game and perused the menu.  It looked pretty standard fare and-- holy crap!  The family that is there?  I went to high school with that couple. Well, they weren't a couple when we were in high school.  She was sort of a nerdy girl, but sweet, and he was a total douchebag.  They actually got married?  What the hell! I almost asked her to prom!\n\nI ordered sweet and sour chicken--a pretty standard go-to for me.  If I go someplace new, that's my baseline. If they screw that up, I know they can't do anything right.  I honestly can't believe those two got married, though.  They didn't really date in high school. Maybe they went to the same college and things happened then.  Those kids are the same age as my kid, so that makes sense.  If they got married after college, had a year or two of domestic bliss, and then fired up the babymaker, I get that.  I see how it could happen. That's how it went with me.\n\nThe waitress brought the sweet-and-sour chicken, and it was solid.  I'm not going to say that it was the best Chinese I've ever had.  In fact, I'm not certain it was any different than any other Chinese I've had in the greater Madison area.  The rice was just rice.  The chicken wasn't high quality, but it tasted pretty good.  Look--I'll level with you:  I was pretty sure those two would recognize me, but she looked directly through me without recognition.  Granted, I'm taller and heavier than I was in high school, and wearing a hat and a goatee (she's never seen me with facial hair), but damn--I went to her birthday party when I was a sophomore.  It was the only party I was ever invited to, really.  Her parents were pretty persnickety born-again types.  It wasn't really a good time, but still--I was grateful for the invite.\n\nI'm not the best expert on Chinese food, but I liked what I ate. I think, if I'm in the mood for a chicken-based Asian dish, I'd rather go to Sarku Japan for chicken teriyaki, but I can't hate on anything they do at House of Mei.  They don't have the greatest parking lot, but the interior is nice for an older restaurant.  I'd go back in a heartbeat. I just hope I don't run into old classmates that I'd rather not run into while I'm there.  I don't have anything against either of them, I just don't have a thing to say to them. And I'm bad at small talk. I can't act interested in things I'm not interested in, and I know her type--she would have wanted me to meet her kids and she would have acted like they were the greatest humans to ever walk the Earth, and I just know that wouldn't be true. I don't really like kids. I like my kid only because she's mine, and she's funny.  Most kids, to me, are sort of wastes of space. I think I don't like to try to get to know them because of my social anxiety disorders.  Who knows, really?  I'm just glad I was able to get out of there without any sort of glad-handing and fake conversation about how amazing it was to run into each other twenty years after high school.  I didn't attend the class reunion for a reason.  \n\nHouse of Mei--I'd go back.  You're not too bad.