MMMMmmm. Yummy burgers but VERY expensive! This is a high end burger place on the strip. Burgers are on average of $15 and fries\/onions rings are a staggering $10! If the sides weren't so expensive, I would come back... but since the prices are so high, this is more of a \"try it once\" type of place. \n\nI ordered the Farm Burger that came with duck breast bacon, cheddar cheese, and a fried egg for $15 and the truffle parmesan fries for $10. Those are the Total Rewards prices. Without the card, it's $1 more for each item. My friend ordered the hog burger for $17 beer battered maui onion rings for $8. Our total was about $53 for just the 2 of us... and we didn't even order drinks! That's pretty damn expensive for burgers. \n\nI must say though, that the food tasted amazing! Everything was really tasty and well presented. It was our first ever experience at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. Service was also quick and good. Food came out in a fairly timely manner. The food did taste just as good as it looked... but I've also been to other pretty fantastic burger places for about half the price! My egg on my farm buger oozed with yoke yumminess when I cut into the burger! It wasn't overly cheesy and all the ingredients went well together. The duck breast bacon was tasty and tender. My truffle fries came with 2 sauces, a garlic aloli and the other I can't remember. The fries were tasty but not good as leftovers. Onion rings were crispy and also very tasty, but also not good as leftovers. The food here is meant to be eaten fresh.\n\nThis burger place is located inside Planet Hollywood. It's at one of the entrances right off the strip. There is a fire display at the entrance - really cool looking! When we went, the line pretty long, but moved pretty quickly. Now that if you are a party of 2, you must wait in line. If you have a party of 3+, you can give the hostess your name and number and they will text you when your table is ready. \n\nI'm glad I tried this place because it was really good, but chances are I won't be coming back because it's just too expensive! I was told by the guys at the table next to me that you can substitute the regular beef patty for a pork patty instead. I do not know how much that costs - but the pork is really tender and tasty - basically the kobe beef of pork. \n\nSo, try this place because it's really good and to claim that you've eaten at one of Gordon Ramsay's establishments... but not really worth the price - so it's more of a try it once type of place. I don't think I can stomach paying $25 bucks for a burger and fries again. Just remember to use a Total Rewards card to save and extra buck off each item and if you have a party of 2 or less, you have to wait in line!