This isn't the first time I've been here. In fact, all the other times have been pretty pleasant. However, it seems like this place has gone downhill since.\n\nI was there with my family, and they give out complimentary peanuts to the tables to munch on while waiting for their food. We had a party of 9, and they only gave us one small dish. We asked for another and the server said we need to charge for an extra dish (keep in mind parties of 2 next to us were able to get the same sized dish we had). Then she goes to the back and brings an extra dish out saying, \"nevermind, here's another one 'FREE OF CHARGE'\"... It seemed from there she was already annoyed at us?\n\nAnyway, I had the wonton noodle soup. Simple enough, right? Wrong! The broth and noodles were nothing special, just what you'd expect. It came one one piece of vegetable. I mean come on, it's not too expensive to toss in another piece or two, right? But my real complaint comes with the wontons. They tasted like they have been sitting there for at least a week in the fridge and the meat has started to go bad. I couldn't even finish my first one.\n\nThen we had a rice dish served in a clay pot. This is where the server brings it out, mixes it for you, and then serves it to you in bowls. Upon first bite, my aunt found a strand of white hair and we immediately notified the waitress. From then on, the service dropped significantly. She did the routine \"did you want to change the dish to something else?\" in which we decided to change to a fried rice dish (which was fine, no complaints there). Later on, she came back and said, with a bad attitude, \"That wasn't hair, it was a piece of glass noodle,\" and just stomped off.  First of all, our family works in the food industry. We can DEFINITELY tell what is hair and what is 'glass noodle'. She never apologized for her attitude, nor the fact that there was hair in our food.\n\nWhen we received our bill, they charged us for the fried rice, AND the rice dish in the clay pot, in which we refuted because we only took one bite out of it and returned it. We will gladly pay for the fried rice dish, but definitely not the clay pot dish.  We had to get the manager\/owner? over to get everything sorted out. At least she was helpful and apologized for her server's behavior (hence the extra star). I've never had such a poor experience with this place. Probably won't be back again.\n\n(on a side note, all of our other dishes we ordered were of edible quality. We had udon noodles with xo sauce, fried chicken wings, chow fun, etc. Not the best, but at least it was edible.)