Meh. \nI was eager to check out this venue simply because my friends used to tell me amazing anecdotes about this place when it first opened. I finally had the opportunity to go there, and I have firmly decided this is not my cup of tea. I have not tried any of the food here so I can't give you a honest review about the whole experience, other than what I experienced as a pseudo alcoholic. Hmmm...where do I begin? Ah, yes. Let's discuss the clientele. Before I proceed, I am throwing a little disclaimer out there so I won't step on any feelings...I have a tendency to utilize the word \"douchebag\" a lot. It's a part of my daily vocabulary. Honestly, can you blame me? I live within close proximity of the watering hole of these aforementioned creatures that seem to spawn at an alarming rate. So, if you are easily offended, you may want to gloss over my review and make the more favorable ones your focal point. The bartenders, from what I can recall, were not very prompt in answering drink orders. I remember waiting around, locking eyes with the bartenders and feeling slightly pathetic. My heart isn't pitter pattering over your Adonis-like looks, Mr. Bartender. I am in need of a beverage to quench my thirst, and it would please me greatly if you could ask me what my little heart desires. The place is also quite small, and for anyone that easily gets claustrophobic, it may present a huge problem. It gets packed during the weekends, and you will be the victim of numerous foot steppers. By the end of the night, you can boast to your friends about your battle wounds. Granted, as with any bar\/club, it is a common occurrence. All in all, this place is something I can take in doses. I have heard from numerous friends that the happy hour is decent, so perhaps I will harbor no ill feelings and check it out at a decent hour. Like a moth to a flame, I find myself strangely drawn to this place. I may not like it very much, but we always stop there. It just might be one of those mysteries of life that will go unanswered for generations to come.