Honestly, I don't know much about suits. \n\nThe salespeople seemed to want to hurry me away so they can meet their next customer. They would say certain things and watch me inspect my own purchase that made me feel hurried and thus uncomfortable.\n\nThe tailor is terrible! Not recommended to anyone! Get your alterations done elsewhere!\n\nHere is what was wrong with my suit (everything below was found after the alterations were done):\n\n1. Chalk marks still visible on the outside of the suit jacket\n2. Suit jacket not ironed out so it was wrinkly\n3. The jacket's back right bottom flap and back left bottom flap around my ass area were not level which made one side 4mm higher than the other side when viewed from the back\n4. Suit jacket was not flat against my body where the centre chest piece meets the arm piece at the shoulder which made the shoulder areas stick out in the front and back\n5. When you flip your pants upside down and inspect the crotch area, the four lines should come together to look like two lines (like a cross or \"X\"). Mine was three lines because two of the lines did not align properly\n6. Right pant leg was 5mm longer than the left pant leg. Turns out the bottom of my left pant leg was folded straight, but the right pant leg was folded curved and improperly (one end of the fold was level with the other leg, but not the other end)\n7. When the pants are worn, the pants should be fairly straight with a slight bend. Somehow, the salesperson (unintentionally or intentionally) missed the bunching up of excess fabric near my shoe (like when you wear pants way too long and the fabric falls down onto your shoe). But I think this may also have been because the pants were too tight or is the style\n8. Vests are supposed to fit tight against the body (from my online research) but mine still had a lot of fabric in the breast and shoulder blade area that could have been taken out\n\nI know I nitpicked every single tiny detail and was looking for perfection, but here's why: I shelled out $600 for a fine Italian suit. But, really, some of my findings just tell me the tailor doesn't really know what he's doing and didn't do a thorough and complete job.\n \nP.S. If you drive here, park in the multi-level parking garage on Baldwin and present your parking ticket to the person at the front counter for a rebate.\n\nP.S.S. As a seriously dissatisfied customer, if any of you are truly skeptical of my review, drop me a message and I'll take photos of my Strellson suit for you.