I owe George and 412 Tax Solutions a review, a good one.  This spring I approached him to help my husband and I plow through a pair of IRS audits that resulted from our dealings with a San Diego (where we lived until earlier this year) tax firm that turned out to be horribly, utterly corrupt.  We plan to go to George for our 2014 tax return, but this review is based on our audit experience.  I anticipate upping my review to 5 stars in the future though!\n\nThere are few situations for which I'm willing to trust someone other than myself to do a job and do it right.  Taxes are one of those rare things, so you can imagine my rage that resulted following our San Diego tax horror show.  Understandably, I was hesitant to seek professional assistance with the follow-up\/response work associated with the IRS audits.  Eventually though, I reached out to George and was so happy I did.\n\nGeorge and I stayed in touch regularly from our first contact in March to the audit resolution in May.  I sent George all the relevant information and paperwork, answered his questions, reviewed some documentation here and there, and basically just let George do the rest.  Husband and I met George face-to-face once, at George's former Shadyside office, to make sure we were all on the same page as to how we wanted to approach the audit, how aggressive\/conservative we wanted to be, etc.  After that, just emails and phone calls along the way.\n\nUltimately, George was able to argue our case in a manner that resulted in a resolution that was satisfactory to us.  Our penalties were abated and we ended up having to pay mostly just back-taxes, which I felt was fair.  We couldn't get the San Diego tax firm to respond to our requests for compensation, but, honestly, I'd be shocked if they had responded.\n\nAnd speaking of compensation, George's was minimal.  George's fees were very reasonable and his Yelp discount generous.\n\nMuch thanks to George.  His professionalism and expertise really made a very, very stressful situation considerably less stressful.\n\nNOTE:  This review is for George's former company, 412 Tax Solutions, in Shadyside.  Apparently Yelp automatically moved my review to the review page for George's new company.