It's no surprise that I saved review 666 for Monetelano Apartments.  It started off so nice here, but by the time I moved out, I was so upset with them, I don't know that I can give them the 5 star review I had wanted to when I first moved in and lived here.\n\nI found this place on the internet and fell in love immediately.  Well run community, all the amenities I could have asked for at an amazing price.  They have a wide variety of layouts, and their prices are fair.  They have 4 different layouts for the one bedroom apartments, and I went with A2 out of the 4.  678 square feet, private patio with a storage cabinet, huge walk in closet, wood floors in the kitchen, totally remodeled with a microwave, built in bookcases on the first and second floor and a fireplace if you lived on the third.  I fell in love and decided to move in after visiting the property.\n\nMind you, I came in two months before my lease was ending in 2012.  My lease was up at the end of March, and I came in at the beginning of January, so I had more then enough time.  I put down a deposit of $100 to hold a second floor apartment because I didn't want to live on the third floor, or the first.  By the time it came for me to move in in March, they didn't have a second floor apartment, and I got switched 3 different times.  Finally, they found a first floor apartment, but only after I had to stay an extra month at my old place, pushing my move to the end of April.  I feel like I wasted the $100 deposit for my second floor apartment since they not only kept reassigning me, but I ended up on the ground floor, neither of which I wanted.\n\nSo, I move in. I fell in love with my apartment, and everything was going fine.  After living here for about 3 months, the problems started.  My toilet flooded the apartment 3 TIMES.  Yes, I had 3 serious floods in my apartment.  The carpeting was ruined, they had to get carpet cleaners out to suck out the water that went into my kitchen, living room and bedroom.  It would happen randomly, and it was always when I wasn't at home.  I was PISSED.  I had to throw out my new rugs in the bathroom and kitchen because they were ruined!  They told me they would not reduce my rent or offer to replace the rugs since I had renters insurance, and basically told me that they had done their part to clean up the mess and I was on my own.  \n\nSecondly, when it came time to move out, I felt like I got screwed.  They tried to charge me for the damage to the carpeting from the floods, and after some going back and forth I finally got the charges waved.  I knew I would owe something, but not $1000.  The move out was totally where I lost any respect I had for them.  I take responsibility and acknowledge that I would owe something (like two to three hundred dollars) but not $1000!   They said they had pictures, but they lied and did not.  Then they said that there were red stains on the carpeting, which there wasn't since I had pictures.  After emailing the assistant manager Mindy, and looking at the carpeting receipt, they were charging me for repairing the carpeting from the first flood where they cut it up.  Mysteriously, the charges were \"only $341 without the carpeting repair.\n\nI found out later that the cause of the floods was because I lived on the first floor and tree roots were growing around the outside sewage line, and every couple months the lines would choke the sewage lines,  causing flooding in my first floor apartment. It also happened to the guy who lived next door to me as well, so it wasn't just my apartment.\n\nHere are the benefits of living at Montelano:\n-close to the light rail, which their extending up 19th Ave\n-your in central Phoenix, so you can commute to just about anywhere in the city in less then 30 minutes.\n-affordable with lots of amenities, plenty of layouts to choose from, and its mostly a well maintained community\n-two well maintained pools, tennis courts, basketball courts, workout room, business center\n-assigned parking with the option to tow if someone takes your spot.  The office will give you a tow card and you call the company to get the car out of your spot\n-reasonable pricing\n-full sized washer and dryers in the apartments\n\nDownsides:\n-the water bill here ran on average of $50 a month! I was in a one bedroom and was like WTF!  I know some of the two bedrooms water bills were well over $60 year round!\n-office staff is friendly until you move out, so beware! \n-The assistant office manager is NOT a nice lady, and will try to screw you any way possible.  Please, go over her head to the property manager as she is an irrational cunt.\n-when you try to reason them, they will use the \"we're trying to cut you a deal and if you go to corporate, their going to REALLY screw you\" routine.  FAIL\n-several residents have had a hard time with management here, not just me.  Others have had similar experiences.