This review truly pains me to write. Todd English has been one of my absolute favorite restaurants in town for years, however they apparently changed chefs or management recently that have turned mine & my husbands once LOVED dishes into a pale comparison of their former selves. \n\nI cannot even tell you what number visit this was to TE, but I can say we've never experienced service as poor as last night. \n\nTo start off we walked in & ask for a table for 2 outside. She seated us at a 2 top against the wall. It was pretty cramped so I went back in & asked if we could please move to 1 of the bigger (empty & dirty) tables once they were cleaned off. She said, \"tell your server\", turned her back to me & returned to her conversation w\/ the other hostess. Hmm.  Ok, I let that one go, told our server and he moved us. \n\nNow we are getting to the sad stuff. It was 9:56pm. (According to the receipt.) We had intentions of ordering the Happy Hour chicken wings we love so much & as an appetizer the Fried Bologna Sandwich.  The waiter informed us it wasn't HH yet. I wasn't aware of the time, so didn't know we were mere minutes away, & agreed to an order of 3 wings. I expressed that we like them \"plain\", possibly my mistake for not expressing, \"no sauce\". So when they came out they needed to be sent back. Upon their original arrival though I discovered those are not the wings I've come to know & love. They are now a double jointed wing, which thankfully still tastes the same, but became change #1!  \n\nNext the Fried Bologna Sandwich came, I thought to myself, WTH is this!  Their once incredible sandwich has been down graded to nothing more than a deli sandwich you can get at any old chain. I asked when they changed it and the waiter told me it has always been that way with a look on his face that said, \"I don't know what you're talking about, but that's the same!\"  I decided to check if anyone ever posted a picture of the old sandwich to Yelp to verify I was not going crazy. Thankfully, I found a picture, but just let it go and made a mental note to never order that item again.\n\nAt this point, because I know I'm not crazy and I've already seen 2 very significant changes to dishes that are not even mentioned on the menu, (which btw looks exactly the same as it always has,) I decided it was time to ask what other changes had been made & if my favorite dish, the lobster rolls were the same. He said yes they are the same, & I unfortunately blindly trusted the employee over my gut instinct.  \n\nMy husband ordered his usual Prime Beef Carvery, which now comes served on a dissolving paper that almost ended up in his mouth because the meat is now served drenched in jus. Another change that rendered the dish inedible by my husband.  Not to mention, the beef itself was a sad substitute for the large, hefty slices he has always gotten in the past!\n\nOnto the lobster rolls. Thankfully not much here other than smaller size rolls and a little too much mayo used in the mix, but that could have been a 1 batch thing, I don't hold that against them as a restaurant. \n\nWhen the waiter came over and asked how everything was, we were completely honest and expressed all our displeasure, most notably my husband's dish, the gravy or sauce or whatever was on his dish that made it inedible for him and turned the decorative paper into a part of the meal. The waiter again said nothing had changed with that dish, but finally agreed to go ask his chef.  \n\nWell well well, what do you know, I was right about every single change I had addressed and the waiter denied. While I do respect the waiter for finally telling us the truth, it is extremely disappointing it took an entire displeasing meal and us pushing him to do so!  He informed us everything has been changed because they have a new chef and asked what he could do to make it up to us. Unfortunately the only thing that can make any of this better is to go back to the AMAZING Todd English PUB I loved so much. \n\nI'd also like to make note that at no point did a manager come over to express his apologies or anything!  Not good  especially when you have 2 locals who would frequently drive to the strip solely to eat at your restaurant!  The only thing that was done to make up for the regrettable meal was my husband's dish was taken off the bill. \n\nWhen seated the waiter asked if we have dined there before and we confirmed we had. It was at this point he should have told us there were recent changes to their menu. (I guess that maybe would have happened had he actually known there were changes.)\n\nAs for why I decided to give 1 star even though some of the food was edible is because upon leaving it occurred to me, the sad reality is that wasn't just a bad night in the kitchen that could be rectified...  This is how their food is now permanently. There will be no going back to the TE. Pub we loved.