So, occasionally in North Scottsdale, we get some really snobby South Scottsdalers - the stereotypical ones.  These are the hazards of living here.  I say this because it's really evident by some of the attitudes in some of these reviews, and, quite frankly, as someone who lives and works down the street (both less than 2 blocks) from Grabba Green, it's embarrassing.  If you had a bad experience, fine rate it low, but the whole world is not out to get you - get a grip.\n\nI gave Grabba Green 5 stars, because for what they're doing, they're great at it.  I go here for a juice or smoothie each morning, and 90 percent of the time for lunch 'boxes'.  The staff is really nice, they move quick, and they listen - which is really important.  My juices are always exactly what I expect, as I've juiced a lot at home.  It's nice to not have the mess or constant trips to the grocery store, though!  There is also a wide selection of what you can add to your juice or smoothies, which I love.\n\nThe meals are a great value.  10 bucks for organic and whole foods, that give you great nutrition? um, yes.  I've always done a 'create my own' so I cannot personally attest to any of those that are recommended on the menu.  I can say that my own combinations were tasty and well cooked.  I also love that they have many different low fat sauces to pick from that are full of flavor.  It shows that the person who designed the menu put a lot of thought into it.\n\nGrabba Green is a juice bar, with nutritional food.  If you're not someone making an effort to eat better (like whole grains and food rich with nutrients) it may just not be the place for you.  As someone who is actively trying to eat healthier, it's lovely to have it around.  Lastly, as to the cleanliness, it's always been clean when I go in.  \n\nThe only improvements I can suggest are that sometimes the morning employees look like they just rolled out of bed, but the blonde woman who usually works mornings, and appears to be the 'lead',  is always pleasant, well put together, and kind.  I'd also like to see them open at 7 AM during the week so I can ensure I get my juice every morning!