Hakkasan should be renamed to Hakkasucks. Seriously. There are so many things wrong with this club, I'm not even sure where to begin. \n\nFirst and foremost, is it really necessary to have stairs everywhere? Even those little 2 steps that go from the bar to a table, like why couldn't you just have a little ramp there? You know you have a problem when there is security there just for the sake of flashing their lights on those stairs so people don't trip and fall on their faces. \n\nAlso, security is another thing. I know it's standard to have guards flashing their lights on people drinking but I really do NOT appreciate looking at the end of the flashlight every 5 mins. There are times where I would literally just be standing in one spot for about 20 min with a drink in my hand (I was taking a break from dancing) and there would be a security guard, shining his flashing light in my freakin' face at least 3 times, even though I haven't moved or anything. I was just standing there trying to enjoy my music and my drank while resting my feet. Geez.  \n\nThe dance floor is small AF. I don't even bother trying to dance on the actual floor itself but instead, opt out on dancing by the tables closer to the bar. Oh yeah, you pretty much need to get a table if you want to enjoy yourself and have even the slightest chance to breathe in this place. This place gets so freaking packed you can't move an inch unless you have a table to chill at, if you're willing to sell an arm and leg to afford one. And even then, there are those bottle rats that take up all the space at and on top of the tables too. Eff that. \n\nThe only plus sides of Hakksucks is the djs and the fact that one of my friends' bfs works here so I got walked in last weekend (I busted a mission after work and got to the club at 11pm). But even then, I left pretty early cuz Tiesto was just playing all mainstream edm and I wanted to hear his old songs. Womp womp. Save your time (and money guys) and go to Light instead. You'll have a way better time, trust me.