My first night ever in Montreal- of course we need to start our little trip off right with a visit to a French bistro popular with those in the know (obviously I am not talking about myself here.) \nWe had reservations for 10 pm and arrived a few minutes late due to a subway glitch. The Maitre d' took our coats and we were seated immediately, and I have to say, we received nothing but excellent service before, during, and after our meal. First of all, we had about three waiters attending to us. Our main guy was patient with me and my lack of knowledge regarding the French language (and everything was spelled out for me in English on an alternate menu as well.) We enjoyed wine and baguette with a-m-a-z-i-n-g butter (I promise to not wax poetic on the butter, but again, AMAZING) while waiting for our meal. Another waiter kept our water glasses full and brought us a mason jar full of gherkin pickles and mustard to enjoy while waiting for our salad. Now I'm sure this is some French bistro custom, but it's like they spied on me while I was snacking by myself one night and made note of it for our upcoming visit. Yummy. \nWe ordered the warm goat cheese salad to share, and I ordered the shrimp risotto (with visions of Rachel Z. salivating dancing through my head)  while my boyfriend had the duck confit sauteed over a spinach salad with green beans (or haricot verts, if you will.) Everything was delicious, luxurious, and buttery. Our waiter was absolutely charming and didn't make me feel like a bumpkin (impressive, considering my reaction to the pickles), plus, he had a sense of humor, making a melodramatic show  of reading the menu while my boyfriend entered his tip on the portable debit machine. \nWe had the profiteroles for dessert, and while I wasn't wildly impressed with them, it was definitely a solid dessert and the chocolate sauce they came in was delicious. It was a pricier meal but not ridiculous, and certainly worth the money and the freezing trek from the subway. Bon appetit!