I went here last weekend for a Bachelorette party. The initial thoughts of the place were that it was sleek and looked like it had great sushi! I was right about the great sushi part because it was actually delicious, but that does not outweigh our TERRIBLE service that we had.\n\nThe night started out fine and it seemed like our server had 15 girls under control. We ordered drinks\/apps first, then entrees. Everyone's food came out randomly which is fine, but he completely forgot to bring out the bride's order... yikes. He seemed to get more gradually annoyed at us, but I guess we were a big group. You'd think they would be used to bigger groups in Vegas though. So after everyone was eating for a while, he finally brought out the bride's entree and proceeded to charge her for that, which I didn't agree with.\n\nThen comes the good part... when the check came, he put it all on ONE check. This would take forever to try and figure out, so we asked for him to split it in separate checks. I'm not kidding when I say his exact words were \"I don't have time to sit and split the check for everyone because it would take too long, and I know me and all of you have things to do and places to go\" - I mean not exact, but that's basically what he said. EXTREMELY RUDE. So guess what. We sat there for almost 45 minutes trying to split that freaking check, when we had places to be and bachelorette plans at night. He kept ignoring our table after that and avoiding us. We asked to see a manager, and his response was \"why do you want to see my manager\" ... are you kidding? The bride's mom and her friends did not let anything sit, so they were talking to our server, then finally the manager... I'm not sure how anything got resolved. So after all of that chaotic mess, we ended up putting it on one bill and giving cash\/paying by Venmo, which was still a mess. What a disaster.\n\nThis was probably one of the worst service and dining experience I've ever had, and I think that most\/all of the girls would also agree. DO NOT go here in big groups, and don't expect good service. It's sad because the sushi was good, but definitely not worth the experience.