I don't often review unless I've been to a place multiple times, but this morning kinda made me feel like I need to say something. I'll update the review when I go back. \n\nSo a lot of the reviews on this location are poor based on service, and I knew that going in (although they have the \"People love us on yelp\" sticker...I kinda walked in snarkily thinking \"Are you sure they do? Really?\"). I can't say that I experienced any better service than the reviews on here. \n\nLet's cover the food first: The food is good. I'd love to be back and try other things on the menu. We ordered beignets and 'monster' cinnamon rolls to start, and both were great! Beignets were a little denser than I'm used to (they used funnel cake batter) and the cinnamon rolls were pretty good as well! For the main meal, I got their version of biscuits and gravy, with eggs, sausage, and hash browns. The biscuits were great, sausage was alright, potatoes were great. Server didn't ask what style eggs I wanted (on the menu it says 'any style', and they came out scrambled, which i don't like, so I didn't try them. \n\nThe service was pretty dang bad. Our waitress didn't really understand timeliness, nor communication, nor personal bubbles. Throughout the entire meal she was uncomfortably close and physical with multiple people in our party. Coffees took about 7-8 minutes to get out, an order of hot chocolate took about 15, our appetizers took about 20 minutes, and then our main courses probably took about 35-40 minutes. We were STARVING by the time our food came. The only update that we got was about 30 seconds before the food came out as well.  When the bill came, one of our checks had a mystery \"iced coffee\" on it that we had to request removal as well. And our waitress' response? \"What in the what? That is SO strange!\" ... You're the one who input it!!! Don't act so surprised! Ugh.\n\nAnyways, folks, I'll be back because the food was definitely decent, but I hope next time the service picks up.