This was the only place after church nearby that can reserve about 30 seats quickly and I'm always pretty excited going to a restaurant I have never tried before.  \n\nArriving at the place to park, in my mind I was like WTF? Is this an Asian Buffet or an outdoor market in Tijuana, Mexico? Peeps all up in my grill tryin' to sell me oranges at the back of trucks, stands selling necklaces, beads, and all sort of other home made jewelry. Come on Buffet of Asia, get this crap out of your parking lot if you wanna attract business!  But then again it's not the nicest location so I wasn't surprised.\n\nIt is not the greatest looking restaurant and most will probably pass by it without ever giving it thought but for what it is, it's a pretty decent buffet with a big selection.  Here's what I found good in there: Beef Pepper, Fried Squid, Oysters, Scallops, Chicken Jalapeno, Ribs, Sea Food Salad and some sort of fried crispy crab.  Please stay away from the sushi unless you wanna be like me taking a deuce (sh*t) several times in a public restroom which I do my best to avoid unless it's a real emergency like this night was. Even playing angry birds on my iphone couldn't get my mind how disgusted I was using a public restroom to take a deuce with my conscience repeatedly saying how much I regret in eating those sushi! \n\nThe crowd inside is a mixture of \"Fresh off the Border\" Hispanics and \"Fresh off the Boat\" Asians. This is not the place where you would want to bring a date and because of the fact that its kinda dirty with loud ass people.  Especially these group of filipinos. Loud ass hell, laughing off the top of their lungs, and just hanging out in large numbers blocking walkways. Sadly I'm talking about my group of friends haha, the group of girls we have with us are always the loudest everywhere we go.  \n\nIt's $15 a person, so if you come out disappointed, at least you didn't pay much for a buffet.  I wouldn't mind coming here again but if I get sick again, it's gonna be on my sh*t list and I mean that in a literal sense since it made me take a sh*t.\n\nWhy a 3 star instead of a 2? Because I should have known better not to eat sushi in places like this.  My dumb ass experimented with 7-11 sushi too.  You think I would have learned my lesson from that before.