I've gone here many time and it's always a blast because of the DJs that put on a good show and the crowd who are always so lively and happy. So I can't give it a perfect 5 stars for two reasons - jerk bouncer and expensive drinks. So here's a few things about this place: \n\n1) Security: If you're a girl, you will likely have NO problems getting in with whatever you're wearing. If you're a guy, you'll probably be fine as long as you read their dress code. If you're a black guy, watch out for the racist asian security guy. He kicked my friend out for wearing cotton shorts. Did you read that correctly? Yes...his Cotton Shorts. They were his swimming trunks that met right at the knee and were apparently didn't look good enough to get in. Mind you, this same friend was let in by two other bouncers (two white males) before reaching the asian male bouncer (his role was to check our tickets? or our purses?). So instead of letting him in, he directed my friend to a swimwear store where the cheapest swimming trunks for men were $85.  Mind you...this is after having waited in line for an hour. People in line actually sympathized and told the security guy that he was being an unreasonable jerk for not letting my friend in. My friend was embarrassed and didn't want to cause a scene so he went to buy $85 shorts (that were basically shorter than mid thigh)...waited in line again, but this time for 30 mins. In the meantime, I was already inside with another friend and we stood by the security line to observe the same security guy...out of curiosity. And what a surprise - in the 30-40 minutes we waited for my friend, no one else was kicked out except one other black male and guess by whom?? Yup by the same asian security guy.  Unfortunately, I wasn't close enough to hear the reason so it may have been a legitimate one...THIS time. But the point of this whole thing is - if you're a minority, try not to give them more of a reason to get rid of you. It's ridiculous, but apparently you do have to be extra diligent because there are still crappy people out there. If you see that asian security guy, be OBSERVANT of him and make sure you make him accountable for any of his wrongdoings. \n\n2) Drinks\/Bartenders: Keep in mind drinks, just like everywhere else in vegas, is approximately $20 a piece, even shots. Unless u get something in one of those souvenir cups, which are DAMN delicious, and that's about $65. I finally ordered one of those this past weekend and it was some kind of blue concoction. Holy cow it was sooo good. It's definitely a must have.  The female bartenders closest to the stage are such sweethearts. I usually expect female bartenders to attend to guys first (because it happens soooo often), but these girls were mindful of everyone and treated everyone equally.  There was a lady with long dark brown hair, somewhat tan (not the asian woman or the blonde woman) didn't catch her name but she was extraordinary.  She was so pleasant and she made amazing drinks that were never watered down.  Definitely tip her well if you see her because she deserves it. I wish water was free (at least allow us to order tap) because when you're there, you're likely to get dehydrated especially considering how long you'll been dancing in the sun. Sodas should be reasonably priced.  They make enough money from their alcohol sales. No need to be so greedy. \n\n3) Atmosphere: Encore beach club is a super fun place that you HAVE to go to while in vegas. I've lost count as to how many shows I've gone to. Not once have I been disappointed.  Even if u dont get a cabana and stuff, it's still a blast.  Everyone is so social and so much fun.  I guess because the EDM DJs tend to draw a much friendlier crowd.  Even if you see people who seem stuck up, they're really not. Everyone is beautiful and everyone is awesome.  And if you do encounter jerks, trust me...they're nobodies. There are plenty of other people you can party with. \n\noh and the bathrooms are super clean. Don't be a douche (you too ladies). Tip the people who are there to help you. $1 wont break your bank.