I've been coming here forever, but I always forget it's there. The layout of this place is great, though it suffers during the week when the place is empty. In other words, you really notice when there aren't enough people here. When it's busy or packed, it's highly entertaining. \n\nThis is the kind of bar where you're likely to see a fight break out. It's also the kind of bar where you're likely to have some decent luck making out with a random if that's what you're looking for. Everyone here at least seems to be looking for fun (in whatever form that may come) - what more could you ask for? \n\nPeople love to dance here. Clumsy drunk ladies seem to gravitate towards the \"stripper pole\" like flies to fly paper and make complete asstards of themselves by ending up on the floor half a dozen times while trying to look sexy. The dudes in here range from cheesy Scottsdale club dudes who didn't manage to get lucky at the nightclubs to what appear to be buff tattooed skinheads. The girls range from classy to skeezy, but everyone in here seems reasonably attractive and down to earth. It's at least a good girl to guy ratio.  We even saw a 70 year old man with white hair (who could probably put us both in headlocks) dancing the night away with ladies 1\/3 his age. It's a perfect mix for whatever your needs are... if you want to people watch, it's amazing. \n\nWatching people walk up to each other and just start playing grab-ass or making out, you would think they were dating - but you never know. The love seems to flow freely here. It's just a really unique vibe. People seem to leave their insecurities elsewhere when they come. The bartenders aren't the most attentive or nice when it's busy, but I'm sure they get a lot of assholes in there. I imagine if you're a slow night regular, you'll get preferential treatment when they see you.\n\nThe patio is practically indoors - in fact, it's tough to notice you're \"outside\" unless it's daytime or it's raining. This is about as close to smoking indoors at a bar as you can come, and when you combine that with beer pong, loud music, random dancing, random hookups, casual atmosphere and cheap bottle beers - what you get is very similar to a great American working class backyard summer house party. It can get pretty trashy, but it's tough not to have a good time. Plus, it's a nice change of pace from the rest of the bars and clubs in the area.\n\nIt's not the coolest place ever, but it's definitely underrated.