Don't let the old beat up cars parked askew in the parking lot throw you off.  I thought I would take myself on an adventure and check a Food City out for the first time since moving to Arizona in 2001.  As soon as I drove up there was already a police cruiser in the front of the store.  Oh great...  But once I went inside I was very pleasantly surprised.  \n\nThe interior of the store is huge (hard to tell from the outside).  The aisles were WIDE, WIDE, WIDE.  Everything was SUPER CLEAN and smelled good and the shelves were stocked neatly and creatively.  \n\nThey carried major American name brand stuff, but in varieties you don't see at other grocery stores, such as Kellogg's chocolate frosted flakes - now c'mon!  They had bags of marshmallows the size of my fist -- but I exercised self control.  They had chocolate covered marshmallow mud pies -- something I hadn't eaten since Sixth Grade and have never seen at Basha's, Safeway or Fry's in 14 years.  For that, I did NOT exercise self control.  There were items there I had never seen at a Basha's, even though Basha's OWNS Food City.  They carry the Helado line of frozen popsicles (and in varieties I didn't know existed).  But they don't carry any Weight Watchers frozen popsicles - sorry Oprah!  The produce was fresh and the meat department was well stocked.  The bakery department carried the usual offerings PLUS fresh baked Mexican treats.\n\nThe music playing in the store was all Mexican music, but you could tell it was their version of quality soft Mexican rock.\n\nThe other customers were courteous.  The little kids enjoyed playing in the aisles, and I tried not to act like a 58 year old kid.  I asked the clerk if they take the Basha's Club Card.  He said \"Jes, but you don't get no discount -- all our stuff is on discount all thee time.\"  As I was checking out, someone was walking out with a huge lime green piñata!\n\nAs I was leaving, the police cruiser was gone and was replaced by a Loomis truck and team of guys carrying bags of cash to their truck.\n\nBut please don't shop there -- this is MY LITTLE SECRET GEM!   WHATEVER YOU DO, DON'T TELL ANYBODY!!!