The wife and I love coming here.  Kaskade was on tap and as we love his music we didn't blink to go to see him.  VIP tables?  Hell no!  We like to dance.  We don't like be confined to a little area.  We are hitting that dance floor hard all night until, well......Kaskade hit the table and all of a sudden I feel like we are wrapped in straight jackets due to the volume of bodies compressed into the small dance floor.  We want to dance dammit but everyone loves Kaskade and now nobody can move.  I feel like someone is grabbing my ass but I'm so smashed against sweaty bodies I can't turn to see who is fondling my rear.  Suddenly a push in crowd and I'm forced to turn 180 degrees to see it's a man smashed against me.  Now we are rubbing crotches!  W.T.F. Bro!  This is a nightmare to find out I'm getting dry humped by a dude because he can't move his position either because of the crowd.  I'm sickened at being stuck in this situation and reach frantically to nearest guy and pull him to my position make a nifty switch a roo.  Now I see they are both sickened by their positioning as I'm comfortably mashed against my wife.  It's so loud I can't tell her I was just molested against my will.  I regroup and get back into the moment when I feel another body part against my rear.  At this point I've had enough and manage to twist around to confront this dance floor molester!  Woah!  Hey now.  I find I'm now stuck between my wife and a woman and my gaydar turns off.  She looked at me awkwardly as she wasn't meaning to grind against me either, but the over stuffed crowd created this predicament.  I just turned back around and enjoyed being happily stuck in a women sandwich. \n\nClub- 5 stars.  Really nice place overall.\nDrinks- 2 stars.  I think $100 might get you 3 drinks.\nBouncers- 3 stars.  Typical.  Bunch of muscle heads who appear to hate people.  But the guy running duty by stage held my wife's drink so she could take off her heels.  Props bubba.\nBathrooms- 5 stars.  I munch on the goodies they keep stockpiled.  I don't even use the restroom.  I just wash my hands then munch on the candy.\nDJ's- 5 stars.  Always stellar shows.  Have never seen a bad set yet.  \nDance Floor- 2 stars.  It's perfect for 100 people.  But when you allow 1000 people on at once.  You can smell who is wearing deodorant and what they ate for dinner.\n\nOverall we still love coming here and will every time we visit.