Rokerij was on my list of \"Places to Eat by My Apartment\" that was compiled by my fellow Yelpers. THANK YOU, I owe you guys my first born. Rokerij was fantastic. Give me a good meal, good wine with good friends, and Dottsy is one happy, blissful girl. It was Friday night around 7:30\/8pm and the parking lot was PACKED. On round two of looking for parking we got a spot smack dab in front! When we walked in, we were told there was a 45 minute wait. When I looked over the hostess' shoulder, there were three bar stools sitting empty! YAY! We didn't want to eat huge meals because we were due for some country dancing after dinner! We decided to sample the variety of Rokerij by trying their small plate selection. We ended up ordering 6 small plates and a bottle of GREAT Zinfandel. Our selections were the following: \n\nWhite Bean and Garlic Bruschetta- This was one of my favorites. I am half Guatemalan and this plate reminded me of something my mother would make. The tangy cheese and mild creamy beans were a hit to me. My friends agreed it was good, but weren't crazy about it like I was. That's common. I tend to get really excited about simple dishes.\n\nSteak Tartare: This was my other favorite. The creamy mixture was made before our eyes. We watched the cook meticulously mix and mash the tartare to a creamy perfection. The only thing I would change on this is to make the bread that it's served on thinner. It seemed that our bites were overwhelmed by the thick, crusty bread. My guyfriend and I loved it. My girlfriend isn't a red meat eater so she passed on this one.\n\nStuffed Mushrooms: These were tasty. I only ate one but it was stuffed with a crab meat mixture that was very meaty, not full of stuffing.\n\nCalamari: This was not a winner. It was served slightly cold, and it was more breading than a meaty bite of calamari. We all agreed we wouldn't be ordering that one again.\n\nTomatillo Toasts: YUM! This was like an open faced tomatillo enchilada on bread, if that makes any sense. The tangy tomatillo was complimented by the salty and rich flavors of the jamon (thick cut ham) and grilled chicken. Again, I think thinner bread would be a good idea.\n\nNew Mexican Sausages: This dish was savory and rich. I'm not much of a fan of sausages, but these were yummy! I only ate one because at this point I was hella full. The onions were cooked to sweet, glazed perfection and the sausages were meaty and not terribly greasy as far as sausages go.\n\nWill we visit Rokerij again? YES. I can see myself becoming a Rokerij fiend! This place impressed me. The service at the bar was hectic but it worked for us. We got to see a lot of \"behind the scenes\" things. Watching the open kitchen buzzing with non-stop action was amazing. I was fascinated watching the chefs cook a steak to wood fired perfection. Even watching the bread being sliced in 2.2 seconds was amazing! \n\nA small note, when it's a crowded night, Rokerij will limit your visit to 2 hours if you have a table. The only reason I know this is because there was a BIG scene caused when a party was asked give up their table and move to the bar. In Rokerij's defense, the table had been seated for 3 and a half hours. So just keep that in mind. \n\nRun, take a fast car, and some food loving friends to Rokerij and I hope you'll enjoy it as much as we did!