As the former Barbary Coast and the turf of the Unknown Comic, I wanted a bit of an old Vegas feel for my last sojourn in Sin City - though I believe Newark is the REAL Sin City.  Bill's is top notch when it comes to location and prices.  It's right in the middle of the Strip, across from Caeser's, next to the Flamingo, and guests have access to the Flamingo pool.  \n\nBill's is primarily a gambling hall, like the places down on Fremont, and doesn't cater to the gold-digger, blowdried douchebag elites. You won't find Prada or Ed Hardy or Swarovski boutiques, nor does it conjure up plastic and cardboard images of French chateaux and Spanish haciendas - it's a long block of a building, with gaudy lights and typical flare reminsicent of DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER.  It has it's own style, with its stained glass windows, crystal chandeliers and old West decor, and is favored among the locals.  Bill's Steakhouse, according to my buddy ATJ, (as in Andy \"head to the Excalibur! loosest slots in town!\" the Jew) , is excellent, but we simply ran out of time.  Big Elvis, though very campy, is a must see.  For those who refuse to say good night, Drais is a hot afterhours, if somewhat cliquey among the locals and those in the know.\n\nThe bar features 99 cent Newcastles and margaritas - though I hear the margaritas are a bit heavy on the sour mix and low on the alcohol, but the Newcastles are pulled straight from the tap.  You can never go wrong with a 99 cent English import.  Plus, the first time I had a drink at the bar some plain jane type gets up on the stage and sings Edith Piaf's \"La Vie en Rose\" in French on karaoke and nearly brought the house down. I was sold.\n\nOur room was on the top floor, at the end of a hallway that reminded me of the SHINING, half expecting to see a woman running out of one of the rooms being chased by an axe-wiedling \"Here's Johnny.\"  The woman at the front desk (Carlee?) was very nice, hooking us up with a room with a great view of the \"Eiffel Tower\" and Bellagio fountains.  Our room was clean and looked like it had been recently renovated. There were two Queen beds and a big flatscreen tv.  The only hiccups were that you had to jiggle the toilet handle and I think the air conditioning goes on strike during the night, but we are the types that like everything to be sub-arctic.  The piece of duct tape on the stained glass window in the shower was priceless, but hey, at forty-eight bucks a night for five nights, I will be back.