I may have to dial back some of my other local pizza reviews because after trying Crust, no other pies seem to compare! \n\nBut let me get something straight from the get-go. There's two different categories for pizza in my mind: \n1) Greasy take-out-type pizza\n2) Artisan pizza\nBoth can be really, damn good, but there's a mood and a taste for both. To me, comparing the two would be like comparing apples to oranges. \n\nFor instance, Edison's Pizza is really good and a perfect example of example #1, while Bar Cento's pies are also really good and would fit example #2. Yes, I realize you can take out pizza from Bar Cento, but I think you get my point. \n\nWell, Crust has almost pretty much closed the gap for me between greasy take-out pizza and fancy, sit-down artisan 'zza. Why? \n\nFirst, they make everything fresh, from scratch everyday. No frozen anything, canned toppings or pre-made sauces. Everything is hand-crafted (and tossed) right in front of you with artisan ingredients, then thrown into a 500°+ degree oven. When it comes out, the crust is bubbled, the perfect thickness, chewy and charred in all the right places. And just when you think it couldn't get any better, they offer to top your pie with fresh basil and freshly grated pecorino cheese. The happiness this brings me inside is far too monumental for words. \n\nSecond, they are a take-out place with such ease and reasonable prices that you'll forget you're not getting a typical, quick-n-dirty pizza to-go. Just call ahead, or walk-in and order--then take a stroll through Visible Voice Books while you wait. (Maybe even grab a bottle of red while you're in there...)\n\nI can't wait to come back (no, really--I can't stop thinking about it) to get another pizza (obviously) and give their homemade gnocchi a try! I heard it's fabulous. Oh, also don't let their prepared salads fool you... They may be in a cooler, but their ingredients are far beyond what you'd expect from a pizza joint and darn delicious. And don't skimp on the homemade croutons, either. Subs on freshly baked bread? Yea, I'm coming back for you, too! \n\nQuick, 5-star restaurant-style pizza, gnocchi and sandwiches to-go... Now if we could only get them to deliver.