Woo, Stampede! Everyone loves to whine about Stampede like they're the first ones to do it. But just like people that gripe about how Mothers Day is a greeting card company manufactured holiday, I tune them out. Because, even though I dislike steep prices combined with mediocre food, what I dislike even more is a party-pooper. Even though they're mandatory to invite. You know the song:\n\nEvery party needs a pooper\nThat's why we invited you... the party pooper!\n\nFor what it is, Stampede is alright. What the hell are people expecting? A red carpet? Champagne and kisses? It's a ten-day-hootenany based on celebrating rodeos and western livin'. Any high expectations for anything other than a boozy good time all over the city; are too high. As someone with a young niece and teenage nephew, I personally love seeing the joy on their faces at Stampede. It reminds me of when I was that age and all the fun I had at the State Fair. Mind you, I don't love it at all I think of the annual animal cruelty, but I don't go to the rodeos or chuckwagon races. \n\nThis year, I gave in to the urge to have something unhealthy and deep-fried and as a result; got the world's most disgusting chips - complete with a deep-fried moth that had fallen in to the fry oil. When I complained, the woman shrugged her shoulders and said:\n\n\"I'm sorry, we do our best to shoo all the bugs away, but they keep getting in the oil.\"\n\nWhen I complained louder and started posting the photo on twitter and encouraging others to do the same, she gave me my money back.\n\n---\n\nWhat I enjoy the most about Stampede, is how it brings people together. Whether it's for pancakes, the parade, the fireworks, or meeting up with friends and family to spend way too much $$$ on rides; I really love the camaraderie. And I love all the western wear. Actually, I only love the western wear on day one and two. If you're going to wear that plaid shirt and wranglers 10 days in a row; wash that ish :). Oh, and pack a poncho, hand sanitizer, a hat, some water and sunscreen!