Cinco de Mayo is perhaps the most emblematic example of our long, strange, and so often contradictory relationship with Mexico.  Americans are regularly horrified at drug violence and government corruption in Mexico, yet we spend like drunken sailors at Mexican resorts.  Americans complain that Mexican migrants take American jobs and tax dollars, but we happily accept the cheap labor they bring to our service industries.  Americans lament that the US will soon no longer be a majority white English speaking nation.  Yet every May 5th Americans everywhere have blow out parties to celebrate what is in Mexico nothing more than a regional holiday.  I admittedly am one such boneheaded American who has spent most of his life celebrating May 5th as Mexico's Independence Day for no apparent reason other than to throw a party with great Mexican food and beverage (or at least what passes for each).  In fact it was only a few years ago that I realized I'd been doing this all wrong after reading a stern Phoenix New Times article, revealing the truth that I could've easily discovered if I'd bothered to Google it.\n\nFor those unaware, May 5th is not Mexican Independence Day (that's actually September 16th).  But Cinco de Mayo is actually a day worth celebrating here in America.  May 5th actually commemorates the Battle of Puebla in which an outnumbered and poorly equipped Mexican Army defeated the more numeric and better equipped French Army in Puebla, Mexico.  The victory was little more than a morale boost for the Mexicans however as the French eventually overran the Mexicans days later.  But by keeping the French busy, the Mexicans prevented the French from accomplishing another one of their military goals.  Aiding the South economically and militarily during the American Civil War.  So while Cinco De Mayo is a relatively minor battle in the long history of Mexico, it is enormous in terms of the implications it had in helping to end slavery in America.\n\nNow that you've gotten your history lesson for the day, let's talk commemorating this holiday properly.  In Puebla, they don't celebrate with oversized sombreros, tacos, and margaritas.  What they do take part in is historical reenactments, the obligatory parade, a day off from work, and the folks in Puebla gorge themselves with Mole (pronounced Mo-Lay).  More specifically, the iconic Mole Poblano.  Widely regarded as one of Mexico's most iconic dishes, this incredibly complex and complicated sauce contains around two dozen ingredients (peppers and chocolate being the most pronounced) and is usually reserved for special occasions.  I've had mole at different points in my life, but even in a city as prominently dotted in Mexican food as Phoenix, finding mole at a Mexican establishment can be a challenge.  Finding Mole Poblano specifically?  Harder still.  Which brings me to this small drive thru Mexican restaurant on the west side of 75th Avenue just south of Indian School Road.  La Poblanita is a clean, friendly, and otherwise unassuming Mexican food spot.  Except for the fact that they have the Pueblan classic Mole Poblano on their menu daily.  Thus why I'm here.\n\nHere you order Mole Poblano atop chicken (or pollo) as a combo meal with rice and beans on the side.  The order also comes with some hot corn tortillas to make your own mole tacos.  I also got a Horchata and a Flan as a cooling respite for my taste buds from the spice of the mole.  Total cost including tax came to $18.  In less than 5 minutes, my order arrived at my table (in addition to the drive thru, there's seating for about 25-30 inside).  The mole doused chicken was quite literally fall off the bone tender, making it easy for taco making.  As for the mole sauce itself?  Spicy and deliciously complex.  If you've never had mole you'll probably spend your first time trying to figure out the dozens of flavors going on inside your mouth.  Its that complex and that complicated to make.  Fantastic dish all around.  The Horchata was spot on with those tasty cinnamon notes you'd expect.  The Flan was actually quite a bit denser than most flans I've had elsewhere, but still with that same delicious spongy, caramel-like texture.\n\nLa Poblanita may be out of the way for many and is barely noticeable from the street, but believe me when I say the Mole alone is worth the trip.  So to recap what we've learned today.  Cinco de Mayo is not Mexican Independence Day, we owe the Mexicans big time for helping to end slavery in America, and remember to try and commemorate the holiday the way the Pueblans do.  With a well made Mole Poblano.  If you wanna go on partying with your oversized sombreros, fake mustaches and ponchos, that's your call.  But just be sure to remember that whatever you may think of Mexico in the abstract, Cinco de Mayo is a holiday we should learn to celebrate for the right reasons.  Gracias Puebla y gracias La Poblanita.