For a hot bowl of noodly soup, Ramen Sora is a pretty solid choice.\n\nMe?  I'm used to eating Top Ramen for 10 cents a bag, and adding toppings like boiled egg, green onion, and Tabasco to make it my own.  I ate the crap out of cheap ramen when I was in college and I still take a trip down memory lane every once in a while and indulge in a heaping bowl of Top Ramen.  Until recently reading it can cause cancer!  What the Hell doesn't cause cancer?\n\nRamen Sora was a good (but decidedly pricy) alternative to the miracle in a tiny plastic pouch.  I like the place - small, quaint, close, cozy (we could hear our neighbors talking about their dog ha ha), pretty comfortable.  If you don't mind a lack of privacy then Ramen Sora will suit you nicely.  On a cool night, some warm broth was on order for the wifey and I.  Wifey is like many others, \"What is the deal with a bowl of noodles?\"  She doesn't get it, but didn't mind going along for the meal anyway.  I myself have delved deep into the psyche of the bowl of noodles.  The broth - how it should represent a culmination of the land & the sea.  The noodles - how they should create just the perfect 'slurp' sound when sucking them down.  The chasiu - how the fattiness should infuse the soup with its...PORK.  OK, OK, I admittedly watched a snippet of 'The Ramen Girl' and went along with it.  But yes my friends, there are those out there that take their bowl of ramen seriously.  Didn't bubble your broth all day long?  Forget it.  Didn't use pork bones from a Kurobuta pig?  Psssshhhhh.  No green onion from the Hokkaido prefecture?  Uh-uh!\n\nI admire all that goes into making that perfect bowl of ramen but damn, I'm not gonna go all preachy about it!  Just let a guy eat!  Thankfully, the folks at Ramen Sora did just that.\n\nWifey got the Deluxe Sora Miso Ramen.  Honestly?  She ended up not liking it much.  I had to make her understand that a miso broth would probably be pretty salty, especially if you're sensitive to it.  Which she is.  The noodles for her were different as well.  Had to tell her for different broths come different styles of noodles.  Her noodles were a bit thicker than what she was used to in a bowl of noodles.  She did like the pork because it was tender and juicy, but refrained from finishing all the slices because they were a tad too fatty.  Which overall made her bowl of ramen not just salty in her taste buds, but too rich as well.  Wifey only managed to finish about half her bowl.  Yay...more leftovers for me!\n\nI had the Shoyu Ramen in a large so I could have an extra helping of noodles.  Big bowl!  For me, the broth was good - rich but not thick, flavorful but not overly salty.  I did overall like the broth but I was wishing for a more porky undertone.  The ramen noodles were excellent, very slurpable, great texture and chew, good flavor.  Cooked just right and not soggy.  I just about finished the entire bowl.  I do only wish that I had more chasiu in mine, as well as a bigger serving of menma too (pickled bamboo shoots).  \n\nWe also got a side order of their house gyoza.  That stuff was killer, on point!  Chewy skin, crunchy on the bottom, healthy amount of pork filling.  Very tasty, very dippable!  5 pieces for under $4, not badly priced.  Good accompaniment to our bowls of ramen!\n\nWill probably be back again soon now that we're in winter mode, and I'm sure the wifey will probably pick a different broth in her ramen.  I myself did like the shoyu flavor and will just opt for a deluxe with more meat, and also an extra helping of noodles.  Then again I keep hearing there are a handful of great ramen places in town now so maybe we'll hit them up for a try.\n\nNo Ramen...No Life!  Did Brittany Murphy say that in the movie??