Huge let down! For the wee bit of cheese on the supposed poutine is a joke! When I said how disappointed I was, I was told its portioned out. Please see my pic.\n\nThe server made a point of saying it's not her, I told her I know that, it's the kitchen. She asked if I wanted to lodge a complaint to the owner. I said not to bother. I'll write a review. Then some guy came over, he didn't identify himself by name or position. He gave me the speech about it being portioned out because of the costs of cheese. Like seriously?! \n\nThen he goes on about how such and such magazine rated them the best in the city! I said it was hard to believe after what I was served. He sarcastically asks me if I know how the restaurant and food business operate. Ya I do! \n\nI said: this is my first impression of this business after reading what I've read. This isn't poutine, this is a order of fries. And your charging $5 and change for it! Poutine is suppose to be oozing with cheese. There's barely any cheese. He said I could pay for extra cheese. He did offer to get me more cheese and I said not to bother as I had asked for well done fries and these aren't well done. He offered me a deep fried pickle and something else. Then says: well I tried to offer you something. \n\nI asked him if he's ever been excited about a meal then been let down. He just looked at me. I said there's nothing that you can do to make up for a bad first impression. And if that is their standard for poutine I know to NOT come back here. And cheddar is not listed on the menu board. Whether it's Quebec or Ontario curds, traditional poutine does not have cheddar. List that so I can make an educated choice.\n\nHe then asked about the Butter Chicken sandwich I had. It was different but alright. Well I tried he says. (Passive aggressive sarcasm much?!)\n\nTry this: offer a $5 or $10 voucher to the customer to get them to come back. Maybe the second impression will be better. Like when you decide to add more cheese to your poutine! \n\nAll this because a client asked me where the best poutine is! Wait until I tell him the magazine was way off!