Trader Joe is my boyfriend.  Don't tell my other boyfriend.  It started out as a small harmless affair, but now I visit TJ a few times a week, coming home from work late.  My boyfriend doesn't even need to ask \"where have you been?\"  The paper bags in my hands, bulging with deliciousness, give me away every time.\n\nI see no reason why people hate on Trader Joe's.  I mean - \"waaah, less selection than a real grocery store....\" - duh, people.  This is not a Giant Eagle (thank god.)  This is not to meant to have every single thing ever.  BUT - nearly every single thing they do have is incredible, delicious, well-priced, and made from natural ingredients.  I do as much of my shopping here as possible - and if you really look, you can find almost anything you need.\n\nI've hardly had something here I didn't love.  Holy crap, where do I begin.  Mango sorbet, their holiday peppermint\/cookies and cream ice cream, plantain chips, peanut butter filled pretzels, inexpensive dried fruit\/nuts (WAY cheaper than any other store), totally affordable gourmet cheese, Joe's Os, 99 cent pasta, amazing frozen entrees, strawberry licorice, cheap produce (yes, small selection, but it is inexpensive so it all works out), surprisingly good meat selection, ginger beer, raspberry fruit spread, great prices on staples (diced tomatoes, coconut milk, flour, sugar), flavorful pasta sauce, tasty teas (jasmine green is my favorite), and a million other delicious things.\n\nI want to eat the whole store.  Except the pet food.\n\nIt is TRAGIC that PA's idiotic liquor laws don't allow this TJs to sell wine and beer.  You do not know what you're missing.  The wine section at my old TJ's in Chicago was the absolute bomb.  Bottles under $10 as far as the eye can see.  If PA got it's act together, this Trader Joe's could achieve an even higher level of perfection.\n\nThe lines aren't even that long.  Seriously people - go to a TJ's in a big city like Chicago - that's a bad line.  This store moves pretty swiftly.  Employees are friendly (dare I say perky) and always helpful - maybe because TJ's pays them a very high wage (relative to other grocery store employees) and provides benefits.  It's a great business to support.\n\nTJ's forever, I will always love you.  No other store can compare.