Well my fellow yelpers were correct. I'm not quite there with 3 or higher I just can't do it.  Pretty sad news for this rating and as always I usually hate giving negative reviews but I cannot lie on this. \n\nI get here and the vibe is fine and is LA-esc feel which is cool. And that's about all I have on the ambiance. It went downhill for me on there. \n\nSo I don't mind the iPad ordering, however to get my info of my email and phone number and everything about me before I even place an order is a little excessive. Just ask for my first name and last initial and when I'm done with the transaction then ask if I want to give you the rest. I get a million emails a day and nonsense texts. I don't want more and especially when I don't even know if I want to ever come back. And I don't and won't. They also ask for a tip. Ummm I did all the work. The chefs are doing their job. Why would I tip for someone to grab a glass of water which I had to ask for and serve me a dish 30 min after I ordered it. No. \n\nSo I order and it's fairly easy. Ok cool. Well I place my order at 7:29pm and then I didn't get my food until 7:57pm. That first of all is a massively long wait for nothing. Almost 30 min. That's insane to me. I don't think they were that busy. I sit down and watch 3 guys and it looks like chaos back there. Seems like they are working harder and not smarter IMO. \n\nI get my miso ramen and it's fine. I really wanted it extra spicy and all they had was ghost pepper sauce to make it hotter. Which was fine and I added it. But why not more authentic of spicy miso paste or chili oil. Something besides wannabe Tabasco. \n\nMy pork was cold on top and my egg yolk was as well. The noodles and broth was hot ok they lived up to the name of hot noodles and nothing else. The flavor was fine nothing to brag about. \n\nI won't be back. I was only hear because another ramen spot close by was closed for a few days. I'm disappointed because I love ramen. \n\nOh and if I'm going to eat somewhere specifically ramen or Asian, Thai, Korean etc cuisine then I want people from there making it because they know the deal. I saw nothing of an Asian or neighboring regions. Didn't feel authentic to me. I'm not racist so relax if you read this far and I love everyone, we are created by the Lord, but come on, have the real deal people there.