I absolutely love this place. My parents discovered this café last summer, but because of my broken foot, I never had the chance to check it out. This summer, I vow! The most strenuous activity my foot is going to be doing is walking over here...\n\nThis café is operated by Shane Baghai, who also has developed all the condos around this area. Inside is large and spacious. Towards the back area, there is an even larger space with comfy couches and chairs which also looks like it is an entrance to the condo above.\n\nI thought this was just a cake place, but boy, this is almost a full-fledged restaurant! The mini-cakes, by the way, are very eye pleasing. The Soaked-Raspberry Tort was so delish, and not that sweet. Perfect. 3 coffee's later and a mini-cake will set you back almost $22!!! It's not the cheapest for sure, but the atmosphere is worth the price. Unlike Bayview Village, which is such a zoo on Sunday afternoons, this place is a calm \"slice\" of heaven. My parents and I sat by the glorious windows and the sunshine was just divine. There is also a wrap-around patio so for sure when summer comes, I will be here getting a tan.\n\nAfter our coffee order, my parents were still hungry so we decided to order their Sliders which is made with harmone-free, no antibiotic, happy, etc..etc...beef. As you enter the restaurant, there is an article on the side describing Mr. Baghai's vision for good meats (his mother had breast cancer and decided that clean food was important...so much that he bought his own cattle ranch to provide us with quality beef).\n\nYou get to choose your toppings and boy they're not stingy. I also like the aspect of getting a buzzer to your table so you don't have to wait in line for the food. You go back to your table, and once it rings, you collect. Easy and relaxing.\n\nI saw on the menu for Osso Bucco which I am going to try the next time I will be here. I can't wait for the patio to be open...the only thing remiss is booze because otherwise, I would come here every day!