Wish I could give this company a zero star rating.  What a bunch of crooks.  During your time of need (after an accident when you need a rental) they do act helpful, however once you've signed a contract things go downhill pretty fast.  Let me explain:\n\n1) The cars they have suck - they smell like smoke, have high kms, have body damage and are generally not in the greatest condition.  When you complain they will try and switch the car out for you (and tell you its a complimentary service), but you will get another car delivered with the exact same issues.  Beware though, all this 'friendly' service is going to cost you in the end.\n\nMy first vehicle was not comparable to my personal vehicle that was involved in an accident, they ended up switching it out to a car that stunk of smoke.  When I complained they said \"there is nothing we can do about people smoking in our vehicles\".  Hmm, I wonder how all other reputable companies handle this. Charge your clients a fee if they smoke and get the cars cleaned! Also both vehicles delivered to me came with just enough fuel to prevent stalling.  Literally the gas light was on both times on the vehicles.  Like really?\n\nI finally had it with the company and tried to cancel my rental.  They told me there was a minimum 1 week rental period.  I agreed to keep it for the week and told them I would drop it off after a week, to which they said ok.\n\n2) After I dropped the car back they tried to claim I didn't bring it back at the right fuel level (empty as I got it).  It was their mistake and they agreed, but shows their level of incompetence.\n\nThen to my surprise, after I returned the rental they decided to charge me over $170 for pick-up and drop-off fees that were supposed to be free and also were as a result of their dismal fleet of smelly vehicles. They claimed they had to charge me because I didn't keep the rental until my repairs were done.  At no time did I sign that I would keep the car until my repairs were done.  My only obligation was the one week rental period which I kept.\n\nDo not deal with this small shady company and stick with the reputable big car rental brands.  The rates here are higher anyways and any 'value added' service comes at a hidden cost. Beware!