This is a long overdue visit stemming from various beer samplings and from last year's awesome Yelp Elite event. Don't wait for the new year to fulfill resolutions, right?\n\nCraftHaus Brewery is a local Henderson business in what might be mistaken for an office complex if you're not looking closely. I'd read that they're a pioneer of the budding beer business in Henderson and enjoyed them as a Yelp event. I've recently started diving headlong into exploring craft beers and I was attracted by a slightly ambiguous New Year's Eve promo, so I made it a point to stop here on the last day of this year.\n\nI started with a sampler flight ($7 for four 4-oz pours) of some of the beers which were available for purchase as 6-pack cans (7 of their 12 drafts; also available were 2 can-only beers). Unfortunately, I wasn't enamored with any of them. The Resinate (an IPA) and Neon Empire (a \"red IPA\") were a little more interesting in flavor than the others. The Belgard (a coffee stout) was also quite drinkable but lacked complexity. The Mojave (a \"southwest\" IPA) was the most bland. I rated them all somewhere between a 3 and a 4 (out of 5) on a certain beer-centric app.\n\nI didn't end up taking advantage of either of the New Year's Eve promotions, which were a case (20% off for four 6-packs) and growler fills  (buy one, get one 50% off), so I didn't end up getting that a free pint of beer. The promo was a bit misleading, but I won't dock them for it because it was a fairly enjoyable time in a not-so-loud atmosphere (silence mostly interrupted by the cheers of Seahawks fans, i.e. the bartender and at least one patron, on Sunday afternoon). I just wish that they'd had other flavors available. Evocation (a saison) is a favorite from samplings but wasn't available as cans, and Comrade (a \"Russian\" imperial stout) wasn't anywhere to be seen.\n\nI'll be back to CraftHaus from time to time, if not to taste some draft-only beers which I abstained from today, then as various beer releases and promos are announced throughout next year. The pricing (including $5-7 pints) is great and the proximity to me is a cool bonus, and I'm optimistic that I'll fall in love with one of their other flavors.