If you're reading this and thinking that the drive is too far. It isn't. Go.\n\nI first saw Dr. Shure in early 2004 when my 16 year old Pomeranian was diagnosed with lymphoma. Dr. Shure made me feel comfortable about my decision to give him palliative care and reassured me that when the time was right, I would know.\nHe was right and I did.\n\nWhen my Keeshond Joey was showing no signs of Valley Fever except tenderness and irritability, he tested him anyway and he was right. Immediately after treatment he started responding. His titer was so high we weren't sure he was going to pull through. Dr. Shure prescribed the right amount of medication at the right time and saved his life. Today, he's doing great - still on his medication but acts like a puppy.\n\nA week ago Tuesday we thought Pauly, our 18.5 year old cat had a stroke.He appeared to have gone completely blind in an instant. He was unstable and would walk right into walls. My husband took him in to see Dr. Shure knowing we would have to put him down. We said our goodbyes and he was on his way. Dr. Shure reassured him that the problems he was having were not neurological and that we could run a few tests to determine what was going on. He didn't feel that Pauly was critical and for his age, thought he was in great shape.\nTurns out he has high blood pressure and some kidney issues. My husband brought him home, we started his medications, a kidney friendly diet and subcutaneous fluids. Pauly is better than ever. I mean...REALLY so much better! \n\nI can't help but refer to him affectionately as \"deadkitty\" or \"zombiekitty\", it's cute and he likes it! I think it makes him feel like a badass.\n\nDr. Shure was not about to recommend some heroic life saving surgery. He knows Pauly is old but he also knew that with a change in his diet and a little extra care we could get some quality time with him.\n\nI have sent several of my clients to see Dr. Schure because they were having horrible experiences with their veterinarians. ALL have been extremely satisfied and credit Dr. Shure for saving their pets lives. One of them, numerous times.\n\nDr. Shure is caring and practical. He has common sense when it comes to treating your loved ones.\nYou will be more than happy with him, I'm sure of it.