I finally found the lounge of my dreams without all the Vegas style showmanship.  This place has a sexy, sultry dark vibe to it while still being inviting and intimate.  You won't find any crappy drinks or over the top Vegas decadence but, what you will find is locals and in the know tourist relaxing on lounge furniture sipping expertly crafted cocktails all topped off with a DJ spinning vinyl dance beats.\n\nWe heard about this place as we were shopping at a kiosk in the Forum Shops at Ceaser's Palace and chatted up the lady working there.  She invited us to come after 10 pm because her friend was having her birthday party and the cocktail room was celebrating their 10th anniversary.  All who know me personally know that I always chat with locals and make friends wherever I go because they are the best tour guides so, we agreed and after being on Fremont street popped in to enjoy a final cocktail of the night.\n\nFirst it was a little confusing on how to get in because the door didn't look like a door but, we figured it out and were greeted by a door guy checking ID's so make sure you bring yours.  There was no cover and we casually made our way to the bar in the back to order martinis.  I partook in a dirty gin martini and my one friend ordered a kiwi martini.  The cocktails were in one word perfection, especially compared to the mixed cocktails we were drinking elsewhere.  They had an extensive menu but, were also accommodating enough to create cocktails that weren't on the menu.  We found our new friend, spent some time chatting with them, did a little dancing on the make shift dance floor and said our goodbyes.\n\nThis is the type of place that I would frequent if it was in Austin but, unfortunately if it was there it would be overrun by hipsters in no time flat and pretty much ruin it.  Here they have been able to hold onto the vibe they hope to achieve with people dressed to impress in true Vegas fashion, men in jackets to people dressed fashionable but, comfortable.  If you can find it and figure out how to get in the door you should try this gem of a cocktail lounge.