I'm sorry guys, I was not impressed at all. I was in a time crunch and didn't have time to get estimates so I had to use Yelp reviews to get the job done in a timely manner. \nI explained that the previous owner was a smoker therefore I needed everything painted to help get rid of the smell. I was told that he would use a special base to help cover the smell. I asked about the vents, was told don't worry, they will be painted and look brand new. \nThe kitchen and a bathroom was not going to be painted right away due to wall paper and redecorating. I didn't question the estimate because like I said, it was a time sensitive job.\nI sent him an email with my color choices for the rooms.. no questions were asked by them.  \nOk, first.. was supposed to start on a Monday, that didn't happen because they were running late on the previous job. \nSecond. I let them in at 8 am as I was working during that time. When I came at the end of the day. I was floored. They used an eggshell finish .. all I could see was this shine on all my walls... he tried to tell me it was a matte..really? Then said, you didn't want this finish? \nBut guess what, my fault because I didn't have it written down, guys get it writing!!\nI didn't realize that painting only includes walls. Not doors or frames, not closets.. which all were filthy... \nLarge gauges on walls not spackled, I could see through the paint on some of the walls and had to call their attention to all this. And oh yes extra for spackling curtain rod holes. Why none of this was ever mentioned from the beginning is beyond me and for the price I paid.. oh and one more thing..\nHe asked for half down the first day..only told me at that moment. Luckily I had my checkbook with me. \nWas it because I'm a woman? I've done plenty of business on my own and I never write a bad review because I understand this is their livelihood..but I am still upset every time I walk into my new home.. I had given them the balance on day 2.. with them to finish up the work and let themselves out. \nThey never even called to see if I was satisfied with the corrections I asked them to make.. \nVery, very unhappy.