Having been to X.S., Surrender, TAO, The Light, Marquee, and Hakkasan, Omnia was just another overcrowded Las Vegas Nightclub. Entered the show early to see Armin Van Buuren. My expectations were very high for this nightclub as many have raved that it is \"The Hottest Nightclub in Las Vegas\", which means a lot. My friends and I decided to enter the nightclub early to scout out the architecture of it, which wasn't at all impressive. It felt like an oversized version of The Light with the acrobats from TAO, a larger version of the screen from The Light, combined with an interactive Chandelier. The outdoor rooftop area was closed that night so I felt trapped in a sauna the entire time after having been to X.S., which has an outdoor pool area, the night before.\n\nWe entered the dance floor early with space to move, however, after an hour or so, the floor became quickly packed with barely enough room to breathe. The club should really do something about controlling the capacity. After leaving the dance floor to buy a drink for my friend, I was unable to re-enter the floor and had to wait in line, which I have never had to do. I ended up having to wait so long that my drink began to dilute from the ice melting and ended up drinking it myself.\n\nAfter finally getting back on the dance floor, the bouncers were super obnoxious and consistently and unnecessarily shoved me to keep me within the barricades. I was socializing a few people with VIP service at one point and got interrupted and shoved away by the bouncer who had absolutely no regard for social etiquette.  They really need to learn to be respectful of peoples space and keep their hands to themselves.\n\nIf you are one of those people who enjoy the option of socializing at a nightclub with strangers  when you have bottle service, good luck having fun. If you enjoy having VIP bottle service without people bothering you, this might be the perfect club for you. However, as the night progressed, the three or so guests of the party looked bored out of their minds in a table that sat ~10. After all, who goes to nightclubs to be antisocial? \n\nOverall, not a great experience. EDM events are known for lights and lasers which this club desperately needs more of for the people in front of the chandelier. In my personal opinion, this club is too focused on numbers rather than quality of experience for the clubbers in attendance. \n\nAlthough I've written a bad review for Hakkasan in the past, I would likely go back before ever considering returning to Omnia. If you like your lights and lasers and prefer a luxurious experience in a Las Vegas club with enough room to breathe on the dance floor, go to Hakkasan, Marquee, or X.S. instead.\n\nWater is $10 per miniature-sized (330 mL) bottle of Fiji water and you don't have the option to order fountain water so be prepared to spend a lot of money to prevent from dehydrating. The phrase, \"The Hottest Nightclub in Vegas\" stands true for Omnia, only with a literal meaning.\n\nThere are plenty of other clubs on the strip providing for a far more enjoyable experience! Avoid the Hakkasan group if you want to have a good experience! If I could give this place a -5 (negative five star) rating, I would.