I've been here twice and although the food and prices were good (employee discount), I've had two very opposite experiences in terms of the customer service.\n\nThe first time I went, there was a guy working the counter.  He was friendly and joking with us, and even handed me a large soda even though I paid for a small one.  A cool cat.  I got the 3pc chicken meal with a soda and a side of mashed potatoes, which was just enough food to make me full and not ship me off to food coma land.\n\nI went back today with a co-worker, and there was a black lady working the counter.  We will call her Angry Female Employee (AFE) for the rest of this story.  My co-worker ordered but forgot to give cash (our employee discount is only for cash transactions), and AFE proceeded to tell him so in a cold, i-hate-this-job-and-everything-that-comes-with-it-including-you kind of voice.  I ordered chicken strips and a small soda, and she didn't say a word, mumble a sound or make an effort to smile.  Whatever.\n\nNow, this place has limited seating for customers.  2 tables inside and I believe 2-3 tables outside.  One couple was occupying one of the inside tables, and AFE set up shop on the other table.  I was like ok, maybe she'll move when our food comes out, because...you know, we're like the customers (right?).  Nope.  My co-worker, not knowing what to do, sits outside for a while eating his food, while I'm still inside waiting for my food.  My food comes out and I'm thinking to myself...great, now I'm going to cause a scene because she'll either A) not want to move and tell me to leave (they have one of those \"we reserve the right to refuse service to anyone\" signs plastered right by the cash register - lol), or B) give me a cold stare to strike fear in my veins before she moves.\n\nA black lady walks in, and AFE gets up from the table.  I proceed to take it and motion my co-worker to come inside.  Yes, I am implying that she moved because of the new customer that had just walked in.\n\nWe continue to eat, and a group of three older black dudes come in, and AFE's demeanor turns a 180.  She is laughing and having the time of her life taking these guys' orders.  She brings their food out from the kitchen, whereas she had us come to the counter and literally pushed our food to us.\n\nIn summary, the food is pretty good, the prices are great (average without the employee discount), the food comes out pretty quick, and the customer service is definitely very YMMV.