This place seems like two people are running it and neither of them speak to one another. Everything on the menu is confusing and it's like it's in stereo. My wife and are locals and we frequent the downtown\/Fremont Street area often. We hadn't had a chance to eat at RCP yet so we gave it a shot there while we were waiting for some friends to arrive in the area this past weekend. WOW were we disappointed. \n\nWe walked in the restaurant at 1PM on a Saturday and the place was completely empty. We were politely told to seat ourselves and we did. The waitress hurried over and asked if we wanted anything to drink. This is where the frustrations started. My wife asked for an iced tea and was told they don't serve it there. WTF? What kind of restaurant doesn't serve iced tea???? She said water would be fine. I was lured by the special on the chalkboard outside which was 2 slices of pizza and a beer for $7.99. I asked if I could substitute a cider for the beer and was told that the beer choices were only bud or bud lite...so, basically, swill and lite swill. I said I would like a Sam Adams instead and was told they were out of that and three other beers. Oooookay. I just asked for a diet coke and left it at that. She leaves to get our drinks and comes back. The waters were in cheap plastic cups but the diet soda was in a glass. Very odd.\n\nSo we order. We decided to split their Italian Sausage platter as an appetizer and for an entree my wife orders a slice of the Chicken Pesto pizza and I decide to go for the cheaper special and get two slices of pizza and a soda for $5. I ordered a Supreme and Pepperoni slice. Nope...can't do that either. It has to be cheese to qualify for the special. \"Screw it, just bring me one slice of Supreme then!\" I said. A few refills on our drinks and then, when I thought our appetizer was coming out, here arrives our pizza. \"The cook said the sausage takes a bit longer so I'll bring that out when it's done, OK?\"  Fine. We look, and both our pizza slices were on cheap paper plates. Very low class. We also notice that my wife's Chicken Pesto pizza was actually just a slice of cheese so the order was taken or made wrong. At this point, she just didn't care to say anything so she ate it. Both pizzas were OK but certainly nothing spectacular. If you told me it came from Dominos I wouldn't have been shocked. Five minutes later the sausages came out. On paper plates? Nope, this was served in a dish. Like I said, it's as if two people run the place and neither of them talk. The sausage platter looked nice but was extremely bland even though it was smothered in onions and peppers. Truly, it was made by someone with no tastebuds. \n\nWe got our check and at least the waitress rang us up for a 2-slice and soda special but the order was wrong anyway so I'm not sure what to say there. The more we looked at the menu and specials though, the more we got confused. it's the only pizza place I've ever been to where a slice of cheese pizza is $3.50 but if you add pepperoni to it, it's only $3.00. So if you eat there, it's actually cheaper to order a pepperoni pizza and pick off the pepperoni if you only want cheese. Stupid. We left as soon as we could and would not go back until they get new recipes and someone who actually knows a little bit about how to run a menu.