CASINO REVIEW ONLY    \"NO GIMMICKS - NO GLITTER\"\n\nIn the wee hours of the night, your average person shouldn't stray from the main tourist area and the bright lights of Fremont Street.  When you do, you increase the possibility of encountering a random sunbaked homeless person who is tucked away in a dark alcove or anything else which goes bump in the night.  Yet, on the 4th of July, we found ourselves walking to El Cortez, in an area of Fremont Street which had a lot of noticeable police activity.  When a cop gives you a serious look like, \"dude, do you not see what's going on out here?,\" you tend to move with greater speed and purpose.  \n\nOf course, El Cortez Hotel & Casino was our intended destination, purely because it was the last casino (of about 10) we hadn't visited on a lounge\/casino crawl.  At each stop, you grab a cocktail, toss some money in a machine to test your luck and pick up a single $1 poker chip from the cashier.  When you wake up the next day, your pocket full of poker chips provide a cool reminder of the places you visited.\n\nAt El Cortez, I quickly noticed the property had seen better days.  On the hotel's website, they advertise it opened in 1941, and their current operation has the tagline, \"NO GIMMICKS - NO GLITTER.\"  Well, they certainly speak the truth, and what a brilliant marketing ploy!  What I found was a tired divey casino packed with absolutely nothing to get excited about. The clientele seemed to be mature and possibly more locals than tourists.  In short order, we finished our final cocktail of the night and headed for the door.\n\nStepping out of El Cortez, we desperately searched in the dark for a cab to get out of Dodge.  We approached two parked cabs, which were oddly unoccupied.  Dooh?  Then, from the shadows a cabbie yelled, \"cab ... cab\" and a random guy (who had been doing who knows what) sprinted to us.  As soon as we jumped in the cab with the driver and raced down the street, I quickly scanned the cab's dash for the taxi driver license ID placard just to make sure the driver's face and the ID matched (which it obviously did).  Otherwise, the steely-eyed Las Vegas Metro cop I saw earlier would have been saying, \"I tried to warn those fools, but they just kept walking.\"  \n\nI wouldn't recommend stopping by the El Cortez Casino unless the sun is still up (with plenty of room to sink) and you dig tired old casinos void of anything capable of getting your blood flowing and moving your needle.