I did business with Salgado Appliance for almost a year because I needed appliances for the homes I was working on. At first, I thought the store was a true gem because they have some beautiful stainless steel appliances at great prices... Throughout my time working with them, I did get some great deals and some great items, however, as time went on... The bad experiences, awful communication, terrible customer service, and overall defective products superseded the rest... Every time, they apologized and said it would never happened again - But the same mistakes did happen again, and again, and again... \n\nA few terrible interactions really stand out: I had purchased a counter depth stainless steel refrigerator - The house went under contract and during the inspection it was discovered that the water dispenser on the door didn't work. I alerted Salgado multiple times and they finally told me it had been repaired. The buyers did their final walk through and discovered a different fridge altogether that is too big and full of dents and scratches... AND the water still didn't work. Salgado replaced the fridge rather then repairing it as they had told me. As everyone knows, when a home is under contract, you can't change something in the house so that created a major problem... I informed Salgado that this was unacceptable and they went out to replace the fridge. The next fridge seemed good, the water worked, but it didn't get cold! So again it had to be replaced. Finally a fridge arrived that seem to be good, the house closed and the family moved in to find that the freezer didn't work and the fridge was making terrible noises. I requested my money back because I didn't have any faith in the 5th fridge being any better. They finally gave me my money back but not without a fight. \n\nAnother situation was when the dishwasher repeatedly leaked from the side. The home had two buyers, both of which noted this on their inspections and both times of which Salgado promised they had repaired the dishwasher, but they didn't! Finally, the home was under contract a third time and set to close, but the dishwasher still hadn't been repaired. The service guy came (who had already said he'd been their twice before) but apparently didn't have the \"right parts\" and so he promised he'd be back in an hour because the home was suppose to close that day... He never came back and the house couldn't close! Salgado then wanted to replace the dishwasher BUT wouldn't reinstall the new one which would then have cost me more money. I was then promised a glass cook-top for my \"inconvenience\" for a different property I was working on, but NEVER received it...\n\nSalgado Appliances could have a great business, but their lack of professionalism, awful communication, and failure to properly test ALL appliances before selling them to customers makes them a terrible business. I will never go back and I do not recommend anyone go there... This business needs to learn from their mistakes and make some massive changes.