i really wanted to love this place, but left somewhat upset. my friend and i deliberately waited until way after the opening of the restaurant so that we could avoid crowds and so the restaurant could work out the kinks...well, it definitely wasn't crowded, but there was definitely kinks to be worked out.\n\nhere are my rants:\n\n1.  first, we got to the restaurant about 45 minutes early and asked if it would be possible to be seated.  they say sure, but then lead us to sit in the bar and said it would be just a moment.  well, just a moment turned out to be almost an hour.  so, we ended up being seated at our table almost 15 minutes later than our reservation.  i don't mind if they told us they didn't have seats until our reservation time, because that's when we reserved the table for...but why did they tell us that we could be seated early??  \n\n2.  the food:  we ordered the grilled octopus with cranberry beans, pig trotter, homemade orecchiette with with sweet sausage and rapini, grilled quail, and i think brasato (i think they've changed it a bit since ate here), and for dessert i had the panna cotta with huckleberries.  except for the trotter and the orechiette, the food was as good as expected.  the trotter i thought had a bit of a strange after taste and the orechiette with sweet sausage and rapini was almost inedible.  it was so salty, i almost could not swallow it.  and after i did, i regretted it.  we left it almost uneaten when our plates were cleared and no one ever asked if it was to our liking or if there was anything wrong with it.  if it weren't for a show after our dinner, i think i might have sent it back...which is something i rarely do.  \n\n3.  training of the wait staff:  okay, so i know what is appropriate to expect and what is not depending on the type of restaurant.  i'm not gonna go into mcdonalds and ask for fresh ground pepper or to olive garden and ask that my pasta be al dente...anyways,  so i'm eating my brasato and there are some root vegetables i've never had before.  so, i ask a waiter (not our main waiter...it seemed like all the waiters help each other out even though it's not their table) as i point to the vegetable, if he could please identify the vegetable.  he says he doesn't know and calls over another waiter and he tells me that the root vegetable i'm pointing to is couscous.  okay.  i'm thinking, he cannot be serious or maybe i misheard.  so, i ask him to repeat.  he again says that it is couscous.  i say, no, that is not couscous.  it's a vegetable.  so, we \"argue\" back and forth then i just give in...thinking to myself that he is an idiot.  if he didn't know, all he had to say is i don't know, but i can find out for you.  why is this so difficult.  if you're gonna be charging over $50 for an entree, the waitstaff should be educated in the ingredients.\n\ni also didn't think our waiter was very attentive to our needs.  instead of coming to check up on us, we were constantly looking around for him or waiving the busboy over when we needed something.  also all the tables around me with women had purse hangers, but i wasn't even offered.  \n\nif it wasn't for the food (excluding the orechiette and trotter), i would have given only 2 stars.  will have to reassess before thinking about returning.