Hello Yelpers!  Today's yelp review is very special as it is co-written with my dog Espn.  Espn has been \"yelping\" at me for quite some time to write a review about Camp Bow Wow.  \n\nOur Espn is going on six years old and he has been visited a good handful of pet resorts and boarding establishments.  I would have a tremendous amount of guilt when we send him off to boarding not knowing if he would receive the attention and care he deserves.  When we moved to Las Vegas it was quite a struggle to find a place to board him that I felt comfortable with.  Luckily about two years ago we had heard about Camp Bow Wow's grand opening.  Since it was so close to home we decided we would give it a shot.  I am so thankful we did.  Before we would only take Espn when we were going out of town but now we take him a couple of times a month just to play with his friends.  The staff is amazing and I am at peace knowing they genuinely care about Espn.  They have camper cams you can view online and are a great to check in on your pets when on vacation or at work.  The best part is how reasonably priced they are.  When you board your loved ones at CBW it includes a full day of day care.. you can't beat it.  They even have a 401-K9 program for companies to offer employees 10% discount off camp services.  \n\nWhen we hop in the car as soon as we get to Valley View he goes crazy with excitement as he realizes what a fun filled day he has planned.  He can't even be bothered to say goodbye to us when we drop him off as he bolts right on in to give hugs and kisses to all.  I am so thankful to all the camp counselors for taking such great care of my baby.\n\nNow for Espn's report (I shall do my best in translating):  I love it at Camp Bow Wow.. it's like Christmas and my Birthday all rolled into one.  First of all so many of my friends go there and I may even have a girlfriend or two but don't tell my mom!  The best part is my two legged friends who work there are so awesome.   They always ask how I am doing and take great care of me.  I think that if I didn't have a mom and dad they would take me home.  There is tons of space to play and they recently added some nice grass outside to relax and get some sun.  We have a lot of great parties there too like the Cinco de Mayo Pool Party just the other day.  I wish I could go everyday!   I give this place five enthusiastic bones .. uh I mean stars.  \n\nOh and I am kicking off my campaign to win Camper of the Month.  Call in to Camp Bow Wow and Vote for me (Espn) for Camper of the Month!!