It's gone way downhill since the last time we dined here.\n\nWhen Christmas rolls around, it's hard to find a restaurant that is open. Osaka is one of the few and we've dined here a couple times on Christmas Day. That aside, through out the year we would occasionally dine here and results in service and food was always good.\n\nFor some reason, it's been almost a year since we dined here and I'm not sure what has happened. We had Christmas Church Service at 10:30 which let our at 11:30 so we arrived here at about 11:50 which was no problem since they did not open till noon.\n\nThe opened the door a couple of minutes before noon and seated us.. We sat there, the only patrons in the restaurants for about 5 minutes when a young gentleman showed up. We though he was going to give us our menu but instead, he was going table to table putting out the table ware and napkins. When he finished the entire restaurant, he disappeared. Our hostess was busy in the front with Windex cleaning doors and windows.\n\nHe finally reappeared about 3 minutes later with the Lunch Menu.  Looking at them menu, the emphasis has shifted from Japanese\/Chinese along with Sushi to predominately Sushi.\n\nHe did take our drink orders which in my wife's case was Water and Plum Wine and mine was Hot Green Tea.\n\nLunch menu has been slimmed down and some items appear now to either not be available or only on the Dinner Menu. One of my favorites which is the Salt and Pepper Seafood Double was not on the lunch menu.\n\nWe both started with Spring Rolls which were excellent\n\nFor her entree, my wife ordered Sesame Chicken with Fried Rice and Broccoli which she has ordered in the past. Good but not as good as in past visits.\n\nAs for myself, since I did not find my Seafood Double or Mongolian Beef, I ordered the Szechuan Beef with Fried Fried. Reported to be hot and spicy as is most Szechuan Cuisine  but this was far from hot and spicy. Did have a little heat but the only real heat I encountered was when I bit into the one piece of Jalapeno Pepper in the entire preparation.\n\nNot sure what happened.  Granted I love Sushi but I also love Japanese and Chinese Cuisine  as well and that is what I was looking for today as well a reasonable amount of service. At times, I felt we were being ignored because for the first 20 minutes or so, we were the only patrons in the place.\n\nIf they are trying to be a Sushi Bar, they have a lot of excellent competition in the area.