I stopped by at just after 7 in the morning to grab some doughnuts from this Pink Box, located inside Fabulous Freddy's. There is also a Roberto's inside right next to Pink Box. I passed the window for Roberto's and felt sorry for the guy just standing there hoping someone would order a breakfast burrito, but instead the line was at Pink Box. Since this PB is located inside a convenient store, it's not as big as some of their other locations and they don't make any of the doughnuts here. The doughnuts are made fresh at the Lake Mead location and brought over. I really didn't think they would be as sold out as they were when I arrived just after 7 am, but the selection was limited. and as I mentioned previously there was a line, so they were busy. I wish they would bring doughnuts over to this location more often or at least more often in the morning when they are clearly busy. I picked up a half dozen and she charged me $6.50 which isn't bad for 6 donuts that are way better than average. Half dozen runs between $6.50 - $9.50 and a full dozen between $9 - $14 just depending on which types of doughnuts you choose. \n\nDate with a Nutty Pig - dates, almonds, blue cheese, icing, yep... this is all happening. I've seen it several times at the Lake Mead PB where I usually frequent. I like everything that comes on the doughnut, I just always thought it all seemed weird together on a doughnut and overlooked trying it. Since the selection was so limited, I went ahead and tried it. I can't say I'd order it often, but it wasn't bad and I'm glad I actually tried it. \n\nBlue Doughnut with Sprinkles - Pretty basic and done nicely. It kind of reminded me of a doughnut Homer Simpson would eat. \n\nBlueberry Cake - Major fail. This is time it didn't live up to the many I have previously consumed from PB. This one was really heavy and had a burnt taste to it. \n\nApple Fritter - Still haven't found one better than the one at Friendly's in Henderson. The apple fritter I had here was delicious, but there was only a small pile of apples in the middle instead of throughout. I didn't care for that even though the fritter wasn't greasy at all and texture wise it was perfect. I'd rather have apples with each bite instead of a glob in the center. \n\nChocolate Bar - Simple yet done just right. The bar was soft and fresh and It had the right amount of chocolate on the top and I liked the taste of the chocolate. \n\nVanilla Sugar - Another simple doughnut yet tasty. It was soft and fresh.