This place is really unique and delicious.  I am a meat eater, but I like to eat as little as I can to help the environment more. This is one of the places that could convince me that I don't need to eat it at all.  They have super creative dishes that are homemade and tasty.  I've been here twice now and only got one thing that a small disappointment (stuffed cabbage with bulgar wheat).  It's currently not on the menu, so I think they got enough feedback that it was just \"meh.\"  On the latest visit we got the pierogis, tartines, both kinds of sandwiches (Baba Jaga and Special) and the kluski slaskie.   All were either very good or excellent.  Pierogis were definitely the favorite of the table.  The only quibble with the sandwiches were that they were messy to eat with hands (but so tasty!).  So I tried to cut and eat them and it was hard to cut the bread with a knife for some reason.  Our neighbors got the soup and they said it was delicious.  At the end, we had the Piernik dessert which was gingerbread with prune puree in the middle.  One of my friends thought it was too much prune (I think a personal preference).  I did not feel the same. I that it worked well together and was a great ending to a very different eating experience.  \n\nLogistics of the restaurant are a little different than normal sit down places.  You have to know what you want when you walk in and go to the counter to order.  Then they give you a number, you have to find a place to sit and your food is brought to you.  You still have a server who refills water, clears plates and brings you a box. I'm not sure what would happen if you forgot to order something and wanted to add it.  Would you have to wait in line again or could your server add something on and charge you for it?  Probably because they also serve cocktails and beer so you might want to order more of those, but not sure.  My recommendation is go online and look at the menu, confirm that it's still on the board when you get there and order everything at beginning.  They won't bring your dessert until you ask for it which was nice.