I have to say, first, that the customer service that I received at The Cheesecake Factory went above and beyond, definitely.  My server was excellent and after an issue with a dish, the manager who visited my table also went way beyond what most would have bothered with, in particular since it's The Cheesecake Factory and losing one customer would seemingly not be a big deal, since I arrived at 5:15 on a Thursday evening to a packed house.  \n\nI haven't been to the Factory in years.  I don't like going to the mall and I don't like waiting an inordinate amount of time to be seated.  I had a craving for cheesecake, so I made a run here after work.  Since it's attached to SouthPark mall, there seems to never be any down time at all.  Even upon my early arrival I had to wait a few minutes to be seated.  No biggie, I was seated within 5 or so minutes and instantly greeted by my server, Bonnie, who was absolutely fantastic.  She had her hands full and the section was completely booked, but she did a fantastic job.  I heard a table near me compliment how well she did, after she returned to thank them for what I assume was an extra-large tip.\n\nThe food:\nFried cheese sticks:  6 triangles.  Thick breading, nice melty cheese.  Marinara that was served with was meh.  Tasted weird, kind of plain, but nothing offensive.  \nFried chicken salad:  When they first opened this location, this was my go-to order.  Huge \"normal\" salad with fried chicken on top of it.  In the many years it has been since my last visit, the recipe has changed and I was not a fan of the new way.  The menu said \"mixed greens\" and I forgot that kale is no longer just a garnish.  Too much kale, way too much kale.  But the fried chicken served with it was quite good, as was the corn and pecans with the honey mustard dressing.  I picked through the salad, but it was mostly kale, so I just ate the chicken.  My server noticed and said she would bring me something else, but I told her it was my misunderstanding, no big deal, I ate all of the chicken and a few pieces of lettuce and that was fine.  \nTurtle cheesecake:  Eh.... it was okay.  Creamy cheesecake with a healthy swirl of whipped cream.  Large dollop of a thick chocolate cream on top, plenty of nuts.  It was fine.  \n\nThe server let the manager (I believe he said his name was Johann) know about the salad and he came by the table and told me that had been taken off of my bill.   I told him as well that it wasn't necessary as I ate all of the chicken and what I could of the salad.  He again said it was taken care of and if I had any other problems to let him know.  Very nice and totally unexpected.  Excellent customer service.\n\nI don't know when I will return, but the great job by my waitress and the manager on duty definitely left a very positive reflection on the place, I just wish the food was as good as the staff.