So I think make my \"Monday Night\" an easy work week night and get take out from Cheesecake Factory. Boy was that a wrong call especially since this is their slowest night! So I complete and pay for my order by 8:01 and was quoted 20 to 25 mins and waited until 8:42 at which point I asked the same take out cashier who had rang me up what was going on she replies waiting on fries and I said well you told me 20 to 25 she replies back I said 25 to 30 I said no but let's go with that then what's taking an extra 15 by the time that banter is done she had no answer except would you like me to get a manager and I replied yes that and the food you said would be ready within the 30 minutes that's now 45 so I wait for him ( Adrian) I believe was his name and after watching him deal with another customer to whole he gave a free slice of cheesecake because I'm guessing resolving yet another dissatisfied customer I unleash a flurry of choice words on their lack of customer service and kitchen performance because 2 hamburgers and a couple of salads do not take 1 hr worth of prepping because the prep boy that came in at 6am already chopped everything up and it's a matter of putting it all in a box. Meanwhile I have a viewership because I have become irate over the lack of concern as the store manager I believe Brandon to be was just watching with a blank stare and I ask him what's he doing and he states just listening to you didn't want to interrupt so I said you'll have to cause I'm long winded. Had nothing to offer so I had him go chase for his business card so I can call corporate or at least email them with first hand insight to their Monday night standards and hope they can improve on it. See the things that makes me so mad, irate or just blow my lid is unlike most people that complain I wasn't looking for \"free\" anything as I always reject such option. That's a band aid on an open wound. What I want is for you to take the time and go look into the issue and fix it and not give me this blank stare like you are surprised to see a customer so upset over a couple of burgers taking an hr to be made. Are you freaking kidding me! I've seen junior chefs make complete meals in an hr and yours can sling out some burgers in 30 mins. Time for training session or new cooks. They're a dime a dozen I'm guessing since it's not a restaurant where you have the liberty to make your menu as you go. Hope this helps you Brandon with what the issue was and you jump on it and get it taken care of. I know it's not the first time service has been lack luster and that's putting it mildly! And to all the staff just being a spectator on the conversation it makes sense why your operation was lacking and why the customer before me got a free dessert from you!