Not pleased with the lack of customer service today. I walked up at around 2:50 pm with some friends because I saw the OPEN sign lit, but as we were walking up to the door the blonde woman inside saw us and looked really put out and visibly sighed and wouldn't make eye contact with us. I wondered what her attitude problem was and then I looked at the posted hours before I opened the door and noticed the sign said it closed at 3pm so that explained her sour face I guess. \n\nWell after that we stopped and didn't open the door because I hate to be one of those people that come in right before it closing and lingered outside for a moment trying to figure out where we would go instead.. The woman in the counter started hiding in the back hoping we wouldn't come in. Her expression and body language told it all she was not pleased with the prospect of having more customers before closing. We started walking away and immediately as we started walking off she actually ran out from the back and turned off the sign and locked the doors at about 2:54 pm. I never bother businesses right before they close because I have worked retail and restaurant service myself and know it can be annoying but I never would make it obvious to the customer it was so and I was always willing to serve until we were actually closed. I suppose if we had walked inside she might have grudgingly served us but I didn't really want to anyway when she was so visibly put out and actually started hiding from us. Perhaps they should change their business hours to 2:50 or 2:30 if they don't really want to serve customers until 3pm. \n\nI have been in here before and the customer service was ok so hopefully this was an isolated thing. The donuts are really nothing remarkable though you can probably find as good of ones at the Safeway in the same shopping center. The funny part was when we were walking away from Daylight to go back to the car a man with a backpack that looked like he was walking away from the bus stop shouted \"Bosa Donuts is much better! Go there instead!\" and I said \"It's not as close\" and he yelled \"Nah it's just over on Elliot and Dobson really close!\" So we went to that Bosa instead and the donuts were much better than Daylight donuts ever have been so I guess it worked out ok. But really if the guy that rides the bus everywhere in the heat would rather go out of his way to go to Bosa then that also says something about the mediocrity of Daylight Donuts.