Had there cupcakes for my brother-in-law's wedding last year and they were delicious. Also tried there bars which were very good as well. So on the recommendation of my mother-in-law decided to use them for my own wedding this past week since they did advertise on their website they did full size cakes and special events. I coordinated with Angela the owner via email, telephone, and text message at least a month before the event, sending pictures of designs I liked and even decided on a flavor right away. My mother-in-law was excited since this was her favorite bakery and even payed for the cake talking with Angela directly on the phone in the weeks leading up to our wedding. Angela said she would deliver the cake since their shop was currently closed for relocation. This is where it gets messy:\nAngela said she would deliver the cake at 1:30 since the ceremony started at 3:00. By 1:30, no cake. My mother-in-law gave Angela a call to check in and she told her that her \"delivery person\" wasn't answering their phone. Well, another hour went by and Angela wasn't answering her phone. Finally my mother-in-law got a hold of her and Angela made up some story that her delivery person was no where to be found and the cake and other items we ordered were \"unsalvageable\" and she could have another cake ready by 2 hours but not the flavor we wanted. What BS, she forgot about our wedding cake!!!!! And Angela lied about it!!!! Luckily, I the bride, was unaware of what was happening but my mother-in-law as livid. Angela delivered the cake herself after 3pm when the professional photographer was already gone. Also the frosting was missing in some areas and obviously looked rushed. The top tier was lemon flavor, which we ordered, and bottom tier was white cake. We covered the cake in extra flowers we had to cover the bad frosting job. How embarrassing!\nThe only good thing was the cake was very delicious, and Angela refunded our money. But how unprofessional to forget about an event and then lie about it! So in all, there products are yummy but don't depend on them for any special events!