Go to this place. Eat. Drink. Don't think too hard about what to eat and drink because you cannot go wrong here.\nI've been here twice now, and I haven't repeated a single dish yet. Despite taking such big risks, I not only have yet to be disappointed, I've enjoyed each one. So far I've had deviled eggs, baked potato croquettes, BBQ short rib, grilled steak skewers (medium rare), pan seared scallops, meatballs marinara, beet salad, and pan seared ahi tuna. I'd have to say the steak skewers (thanks to our server for the recommendation) and the beet salad are my favorites so far while the pan seared scallops are a close third, but every dish was done very well. The skewers were cooked perfectly, and the sugar in the marinade caramelized onto the meat to give it a nice crunchy exterior texture to bite into. The beet salad had a house vinaigrette that was much less heavy than a typical one and had a fantastic flavor. The ahi tuna is actually a very generous portion, and the sauces it comes with go well together to flavor the fish without being overwhelming despite containing some wasabi. The meatballs marinara are on the house favorites list and with good reason: you get exactly what you're asking for with a perfect ratio of cheese to sauce to meatballs (4). \nI almost forgot to mention this, but the braised collards and pineapple that come with the scallops are amazing (I didn't leave even a bit in the serving dish). The scallops are also cooked to have a slight crisp on the outsides, which is a nice contrast to the collards.\nI also haven't had a chance to mention that the service here was great. I had a whole bottle of water as soon as I sat down and several staff made sure I was fine and let me know my server would be with me shortly while I was waiting (which was not long at all). Our water was full the whole time, and the food and beer recommendations were great.\nAlso, we were lucky enough to land here for their Tuesday beer specials, which consists of several local brews and several other solid mainstream brews on tap for $3 per glass. $3 per glass means trying new things out isn't all that costly, and we were thrilled we did because the local brews were honestly much better than their mainstream counterparts. Kudos to these guys for knowing how to pick great beers for their tap list.