I am updating my review in order to reflect upon my experience at Higher Ground's Global Vegetarian Night this past Wednesday!\nI attended with Tiffany, Wendy, and Danielle, lovely company. Tiff has already listed the menu on her review but I feel inclined to do so again, mostly to keep myself on track. Over the course of the night, we enjoyed a bisque of butternut squash and basil, a vegan shepherd's pie in adorable ramekins w\/red wine gravy, and a spiced pumpkin tart with candied pecans and coconut creme.\nI have to confess, I LOATHE soups that are mostly just blended yams, squash, carrots, etc. I find them too sweet, and a soup cop-out. My preference lies within hearty soups with flavourful broths and all the chunks of vegetables I can shake my disgruntled old lady fist at. However, the soup tonight at Global Vegetarian proved that a butternut bisque could be rather enjoyable if prepared with care, and I actually ended up finishing the whole bowl!\nThe vegan shepherds pie was pretty delicious, especially the gravy and potatoes on top. I do agree with Tiffany about all of the gravy at the bottom- but ended up appreciating the lack of bread, as by this point I was already soooo full. \nBetween our main course and dessert, I managed to sneak over to the counter and get a free pot of Organic Darjeeling by checking into Higher Ground on the Yelp App. This is a really awesome option, and I'd like to thank Higher Ground for offering this. \nAs I returned to the table our tarts turned up, and the presentation was dead perfect for a coffeehouse. At this point I wish I would have had a spoon as opposed to a fork to include the coconut creme (which was really more just delicious coconut milk at the bottom of the bowl) in every bite, but I certainly managed. This was absolutely delicious. I love pumpkin everything in the autumn, and this little tart was no exception! \nThis was more food than I ever eat in one sitting, and I was so full and satisfied, I could barely move. Examining the menus for the next few vegetarian Wednesdays, I wish I could make it to one every week.