Overall, I'm a fan of Delicious Raw, but I have to say that much of whatever fandom I have for Hello Bistro's juicy partner comes from simply existing...in downtown. There are very few places to go if you want healthier options for a snack or lunch, especially fresh juices and smoothies, so it's a welcomed option. The staff is generally nice, and they keep everything fairly clean, considering the messy nature of the business. They often have samples of their juice to explore, and the selection\/variety of the menu is short and simple enough to get in, make a decision, and get out. Many of their juices that they can make fresh for you are also cold-pressed and bottled in the cooler near the register, which is helpful if you're in a hurry.\n\nThe lower rating comes from the inconsistent drinks, slow service, and the prices. \n\nI get the same thing. Every. Time. The Berry Perfect smoothie with hemp protein added. It's a far cry from the delicious \"Blue Zone\" at Amazing Cafe, but like I mentioned above: it's a place that offers healthy smoothies in downtown, so it'll suffice. Unfortunately, I don't think I've ever had two drinks that tasted the same. Thickness is inconsistent, the amount of hemp protein added has been random (from one scoop, to two scoops, to eyeballing the amount because the scooper wasn't available). The amount of fruit never seems the same. Sometimes they add ice. Sometimes it's all almond milk. The first few times, they used Blue Diamond almond milk. Now, they've switched to a very thick homemade almond milk (at least I think it's made in-house). I won't say it's ever a bad drink, but I'd love to see some consistency.\n\nThe bar isn't often packed when we go, but it feels like they're understaffed nearly every time we walk in. If there's a line of 3 people, expect a relatively-long wait (not too long, but I can tell people get impatient). If you're the only person, it'll be quick, but there's a ton of work going on, and the employees are easily distracted while trying to multitask between prep, trying to get the drinks right from the spec book (we've rarely seen someone put a drink together without referencing the recipe from the book or coworker). making juices, granola bars, and cashing out customers, etc. Running a juice bar requires a lot of work, and it feels like the shortcomings in drink consistency and wait times would be improved with a consistent, and adequate number of employees...or at least people focused on certain areas as opposed to everyone being unfocused on everything. I'm sure they're still working the kinks out, but for how much longer? We've been going consistently since they opened, and these issues have more-or-less plagued Delicious Raw the entire time. Many times, you're waiting to pay while the employees are scrambling to make multiple drinks for customers after you. The system needs an overhaul, for sure.\n\nFinally, price. It's downtown, so expect a premium price tag. It's also fresh fruit (which isn't cheap) and juicing is all the rage these days, so they've got people willing to drop $8 on a juice or smoothie (I guess we're those people, despite us not really being into the juicing thing), but $10 for a 16-ounce smoothie with a single scoop of protein still feels a bit harsh on the wallet. I often opt to pay such a premium because a $10 \"meal\" is on-par with most places downtown, but then the debate between a smoothie as a true \"meal\" or not begins, as I'm often hungry again an hour later. Then again, I don't feel like I ate a 1,500 calorie sodium bomb for lunch, either. Win some, lose some, I guess.\n\nOverall, Delicious Raw wins because it's one of the most convenient and accessible places for a smoothie\/juice in the downtown market, but they'll be in real trouble if a more organized competitor comes along while they struggle with the above hurdles. I hope they solve them and stick around, though.