I was looking for a good idea for breakfast in my South Scottsdale neighborhood, and just could not pass by the 27 good reviews of US Egg in good conscience without relaying my very different experience - one of the worst restaurant experiences I've ever had. \nI usually like US Egg but had never been to this location until about 6-8 weeks ago. A friend and I were running around doing errands and decided to stop for a quick bite what turned out to be about 13 minutes before closing. We asked if they were still serving, the answer from the host was yes, of course and were shown to our table. I made a quick run to the ladies' room while my friend ordered coffee and got menus. And it was when I returned to the table that things began their nose-dive. \n \nEvidently our waitress had dropped off the menus and told my friend that we needed to hurry and order, and actually expressed annoyance that I was in the ladies room. Hmm. At this point I gave US Egg the benefit of the doubt. People don't actually say things like that! But when the waitress came to take our order, she was clearly annoyed. So much so, I asked if it was too late to get a meal, told her we'd asked at the door when we arrived. She said we'd have to hurry but they were still open. I chalked it up to her being tired at the end of her work day. We ordered immediately, and breakfast arrived quickly.\n \nThe food was a disaster: coffee was cold, the eggs were not cooked, the veggies were not edible, the hollandaise was out of a can or other container and had been microwaved or something, still retaining the shape of the container (read not warmed enough). Just thinking about it now, makes me shudder. Honestly, I could not eat it. I tried. We were hungry. While we \"ate\" someone came over to our area and mopped the floor with some very strong smelling cleaning solution. OMG. There was no one else sitting around us. We did not get coffee refills. The waitress left the building. And we had to flag someone else down who was clearly annoyed to have to bring coffee and the bill. She saw that we had not eaten and offered a container, but we declined. A good opportunity to point out the raw broccoli and jellied hollandaise and said we did not want to take it with us, it was not a good meal at all, and we'd wished that they had simply told us no, they could not serve us at the door. She shrugged. \n \nThe host\/manager sat at a table near the door reading one of the free newspapers from the rack near the door, appearing to be killing time, waiting to close, unaware of what was happening. We did not complain. The problem was with multiple personnel, including him. No one - host, two waitresses, cook(s) and floor clean-up guy took any pride in their work or showed any sign of \"welcoming\" us into their establishment. Instead of being so rude and wasting our time and thiers, they should have politely asked us to come back another time when we came in the door. That would have been fine. \n \nWe could not wait to get out of there. I left a minimal tip (I was not going to let them decide my response to their bad behavior). I paused at the door looking back at our table. I was amazed to see that there were at least 3 other tables of people eating, so we were certainly not the last lingering guests. The manager never even looked up from his reading and we walked right by him. On the way to the car I swore to myself that I'd find and write a letter to the *owner* but never did. More wasted time. We were just never going back. Ugh. This was one of the most \"inhospitable\" hospitality experiences I've ever had. I fully expected the restaurant to be closed by now. And instead, I see positive reviews? Bewildering.