Came here on a Saturday night for a friend-of-a-friend's birthday. There was a guest-list set up and a large corner booth was reserved for the group. Before going, I had read reviews on Yelp and was a little apprehensive because of the poor ratings people had given it. I'm not on the up-and-up on the Montreal club scene as I abandoned it some time ago, but nevertheless I went with a somewhat open mind. \n\nWe arrived at about 11:15-11:30ish, and we had no trouble getting in through the guest-list line despite what others had written. We were escorted upstairs by a hostess, where she waited for us to get through coatcheck (which is a little high by my standards, at 3.50$) and brought us to our table. \n\nThe decor in the main \"techno\/dance\" room is what you would expect from a room dedicated to this kind of music - lots of bright blues and pinks and whites. We didn't spend much time in this room as we were put in the hip-hop room. The hip-hop room, as others have mentioned, is smaller with an alright decor - deep red walls with a tacky (sorry) renaissance-ish theme. I did however like the booths; they were a good size which accommodate large groups, such was the case for our party. The staff was attendant and made sure we had plenty of mixers and ice. The music was fun and lively; it was reminiscent of my highschool days - Faith Evans, Wayne Wonder, B2K... It was a good time and kept the party going. \n\nOne thing I could've done without was the extremely intoxicated girl that barfed all over the floor just a few feet from us. Good thing someone alerted the bouncer immediately who had it cleaned up. I think it would've been a good idea to cut her off and kick her out, but that's just me. Another was that as we were leaving (thank god), the group of guys who were at the bar next to us started getting really rowdy and out of hand, and started pouring their bottle of Jack all over people walking by. We were lucky to slip by without getting sprayed, but it was a downer. \n\nAll in all, I had a great time; not the best club I've been to, but offered a fun and lively atmosphere. Don't know why everyone has spoken so ill of this place.