I purchased a card that gave me 5 difference services, and to say the least - its been very disappointing.  I've had an express Pedi - which was lack-luster. Firstly, if you are going to be the person doing the pedicure, you should dress appropriately for the job. The nail tech was wearing a low cut, short dress, that she had to drape a towel between her legs to cover the 'view'. There was nothing that could be done for the top - but surely if you are going have customers looking down at you, you'd wear something that didn't fall forward. \n\nShe also spent a good 10 minutes of the 30 minute Pedi looking for the bits and pieces she needed to do the pedicure. As I had made an appointment a week before, you'd expect they'd be ready for you. The leg massage lasted all of 2 minutes on one leg and 1 minute on the other. Luckily I'd taken my own polish as their selection was very limited. I think they had around 15 colors.\n\nThe girl doing my Pedi couldn't find the toe separators, so instead she used paper towel from the dispenser on the wall. The chairs are very uncomfortable and quite high - which was a problem when she left to let my toes dry and didn't come back. After 10 minutes I climbed out of the chair, then had to get back to floor level in order to remove the paper towel myself self and get my flip flops on.  When I got to the front desk, she was texting on her phone and talking to the other employees at the desk and looked like she had clearly forgotten about me. It was a bad first impression and experience. \n\nI thought I'd give them another try and use the hair cut option on my voucher. I called and made an appointment, and much to my dismay, when I arrived I got the same girl - my bad, I should have asked who the stylist was. But in my defense she never introduced herself the first time, so I wouldn't have known it was the same person.\n\nMy hair cut was worse than the Pedicure. First off - 1 1\/2 to 2 inch trim, did not mean cut 5 inches off my hair!!  While my hair needed 5 inches cut off, it was not what I had asked for.  Second - I have long hair (very long) and after she'd finished the cut (which wasn't cut in sections, she cut all of it in one go) she didn't bother to check that both side were the same length.  I had to do that at home and trim it myself.  Third - after she put the styling product in my hair, she wiped her hands (to clean them) all over her clothes. I sat there wondering how many other people she had styled today and what germs and bacteria would now be transferred to my hair!  The blow dry was just as bad as the rest of the hair cut. She didn't take the time to clip up any of my hair, out of the way, but just brush it over the top of my head. This then tangled my hair and she used the same round  style brush to then try to get the tangles out which just pulled and broke my hair. This was while she held the still running hairdryer under her arm.\n\nThe entire experience was very unprofessional and I really have to wonderful if she was fully qualified as a stylist. Her actions clearly indicated she had very little training or experience or if she did, she was just plain lazy.\n\nWhile the voucher seemed like a great offer as an introduction to their services, it hasn't enticed me to continue using them. If anything, it has ensured I won't return and suggest other steer clear of them too.  Very, VERY disappointing.