What have I learned from my latest weekend trip to Calgary? Never, ever attempt to leave town at 5pm. What a terrible, terrible choice. The only positive note was that once I arrived in Calgary, I met up with two friends and we went straight to Taj Mahal's for a late Friday night Indian feast. Awesome how they are open late (till 11pm) - when we arrived (around 10pm), we were pretty much the only ones there.\n\nThe restaurant is located in a slightly random spot, with the entrance being in the back of an alleyway. It is close to Chinook shopping centre, which is convenient if you want to kill two birds with one stone (shop and eat, duh). Walk down the stairs and you are greeted with some pale looking walls. But who cares about the plain\/stale decor? Not I.\n\nWe decided to shares a couple of different dishes:\n- Taj's non-vegetarian thal ($18.95) - a traditional Indian platter that came with papad, pulao rice, lamb curry, beef keema mutter, alloo gobhi (cauliflower), raita (yoghurt) and naan bread. The lamb was tender, aloo gobhi came with bits of peas and potatoes and the rice complimented the other dishes perfectly.\n- Naan bread ($2.95) was really good - tasty, fluffy and fresh az I'm iz (yeah, that's right, I just dropped some old school Bow Wow). There was a ton of naan because they combined our order with the non-veg thal naan.\n- Garlic naan bread ($3.75) and chapati ($1.75) - I love garlic, in naan, it's a match made in heaven. The chapati was also very tasty.  Slightly on the oily side but it had a nice chew\/bite to it.\n- Chawla paneer ($11.95) - this is one of their specialty dishes. A blend of creamy herb and peppery based curry. Definitely creamy, but not too rich, it had a very smooth texture to it.\n- Daal makhni ($9.95) - black lentils cooked with onions, tomatoes, butter and Indian spices. I enjoyed this one much more than the chawla paneer. Had more character to it, if you know what I mean.\n\nThe Taj hit the spot for me - a good way to start the first of many good meals during my trip to Cowtown. Great naan, friendly staff and open late for you to satisfy those Indian cravings.