Ok, here we go. \n\nI hate pricey restaurants. I think they're pompous and pretentious, rarely living up to the hype. \n\nLes Deux Singes does not fit that bill. This restaurant blew both myself, a prior restaurant manager, and my girlfriend, one of the best chefs I have ever met, far out of the water.\n\nWe came in with no expectations, and were pleasantly surprised immediately upon walking in. The atmosphere is intimate, nuanced, and polite; the polar freakin' opposite of La Queue de Cheval (in my opinion, one of the worst restaurants in Montreal). After being directed to our table, with my name chalked in on a plaque, we sat and met our waiter. He had on a pretty sweet pair of glasses and a comforting disposition; extremely unobtrusive and respectful. We already knew what we wanted - the tasting menu - and ordered while discussing wine pairings with the waiter. \n\nInstead of upselling the crap out of us, he suggested his favorite - the second least expensive wine on the menu - and described it in excellent detail. The wine came out, matched up beautifully to the description (something that, in my opinion, is very rare), and set a precedent for the meal to follow. \n\nThe food started coming out from the quiet, aromatic, and wonderfully choreographed open-air kitchen that was literally 10 feet away. Writing a review for this place is tough, as it is exceedingly difficult to accurately describe this food. It is mind-blowing. Both my girlfriend and I are gardeners, and the produce that they brought to the table bumped our standard of what \"fresh\" meant. The techniques were absolutely inspiring (broccoli foam?!). The plates were remarkably balanced. The flavors popped, but didn't compete with one another. The best part? These two seemingly-insatiable patrons were full when we left (score!). \n\nI don't know if it was the wine, the non-confrontational environment, watching the co-owners hustle alongside their staff, or the absolute shock I was feeling from the food, but I walked out of there in a trance. Our meal, after tip and with a bottle of wine, came in around $200 and we felt it was worth every. single. penny. \n\nIf you want the best dining experience in Montreal, go to Les Deux Singes. You'll be happy you did.