L'Épicier translates into grocer in English.  Although you won't find aisles of fresh produce or a meat counter here, you will find walls adorned with various oils, jarred vegetables, and condiments available for sale.\n\nI've often heard people say that you should pick a wife who knows how to pick good produce, because its a sure sign that she will know how to cook good food.  Well, Chef Godbout is no woman, but he sure knows good food.  Not only that, he has an eye for perfection and a passion to present his food beautifully.  As I plunged my fork into the artfully crafted dishes that were put forth at the table, I couldn't help but feel like I was desecrating Michaelangelo's Statue of David - but I was too hungry to abstain and the food looked very inviting.\n\nChez L'Épicier is located in Old Montréal, directly across from the Marché Bonsecours on the same strip that is home to other much raved about restaurants such as Chuck Hughes' Le Bremner.  What caught my eye about this restaurant were the festive decorations, and big windows.  I always love a restaurant that has a view of the street, let alone the cobblestoned paths of Montréal.\n\nOne thing I've learned about dining in Montréal, is that if you want good food, you better make sure you have a reservation!  We were promptly seated and our server let us know about their feature wines and daily specials.\n\nShortly after, she reappeared and made wine pairing suggestions for William T.  I ended up settling on a glass of martini while my dining companion had a glass of red wine.\n\nWhile we were waiting, we were brought a complimentary amuse bouche presented on a spoon.  It was composed of a cauliflower panna cotta with gravlax, parsley, garlic and chives.  The herb mixture looked very much like a pesto.\n\nThe complimentary bread came with 2 butters, your usual plain butter and a honey mustard butter that was simply irresistible.To start we ordered the lobster bisque which is made with a cognac sabayon and tarragon foam.  The lobster bisque had a full-bodied and bold lobster flavour to it, unlike others I've had where all you can taste is a roux made entirely of butter and flour.  The best way I can describe the flavour is as if the lobster innards and shells were liquified to make this savoury soup. \n\nWe also ordered the suckling pig fondant with mustard and truffled Yukon Gold velouté.  The pork came with a crispy pancake, which still has me guessing as to what it is made of.  The potato velouté was velvety smooth and the pig fondant was pillow-y soft.  The velouté really made the dish.  Although I think I would've used a sturdier green than scallions so that it can maintain its form a little better instead of collapsing over the fondant. \n\nFor mains I ordered the osso bucco with a side order of pan-seared foie gras.  The osso bucco was surrounded by a mini-garden of onions that were piped with a vanilla-carrot espuma (aka foam), and an apricot-arugula polenta.  The osso bucco was not as tender as I would've liked, but melted off the bone.  The vanilla-carrot espuma were very tasty and visually appealing and the polenta was tasty.  The sweetness from the polenta and espuma complimented a salty osso bucco very well.  The foie was also very savory... Like eating liquid butter. Yummy!\n\nWilliam T. opted for the Alberta beef filet mignon served with a potato dauphinois and légumes.  I couldn't stop eating the scalloped-potato meat loaf, as it was creamy like a scalloped potato should be, but infused with beef flavour.  This made it hard for us to enjoy our vegetables after!\n\nUnfortunately, we had a show to catch at the Place des Arts, so we didn't have time to order dessert.\n\nVerdict:\n\nChez L'Épicier is not a happening restaurant where all the hip and trendy hang out, but it is a place to appreciate savory food, and carefully executed plating.  Its like going to an art gallery opening because you expect tasty hors d'oeuvres and wine to be served, but you are also there to see the masterpieces on display.  There might not be any Monets at Chez L'Épicier, but their dishes truly are a work of art.