I want to start by saying I think mechanics and dentists are by far the two services I hate dealing with the most in life (I go to Mexico for my dental work because I can't deal with US Dentists anymore). That having been said, in a decade of doing business with them, from my first car to now, Brakes Plus is the only mechanic I have ever been to that I have never had a bad experience, ever. However, I have from time-to-time, chased deals from other  chains and auto shops around the valley and almost every time I regret it and at least 1\/3 of those times I ended up taking it to Brakes Plus to fix what the last place broke. And yet, it has taken until today for me to finally learn my lesson.\n\nTo make a long story short I got a really good deal on a service package at a local chain and had it done. When I took my car in, everything was fine, I just wanted to service it as one should. After being made to feel bad about using the coupon I get my car back and it went from no problems to several. Suffice it to say it took 3 weeks of back and forth before I got everything solved but my, suddenly, warped rotors, were still a problem. A problem which this unnamed place was happy to fix for 300 dollars, cause I'd need all new everything. Obviously that wasn't going to happen so I went to Brakes Plus, as I should have from the start, and they said I needed resurfaced rotors and that they were more than  salvageable. \n\nNow, it was here in the process that there was a break down in communication between me and the technician, one that I fully admit was at least half my fault (could be more I'm clearly not totally objective, but they had some piece to play). Anyway, more work ended up done than I had intended and obviously the price was much higher than I had anticipated as well. However, what could have been, and frankly would have been, a nightmare elsewhere was solved in less than 5 min both amicably and generously on their part. Not only that but not once did Manager Allan, nor the guy who helped me (who's name I forgot sorry), make me feel stupid or put down or anything but a valued customer. Which to be honest, in this case, they would have been somewhat justified in doing. \n\nRegardless, I have learned my lesson, it only took ten years, but from now on if Brakes Plus can do it, that's where I'll have it done.