I am completely obsessed with 9-Rounds! I wanted to do something that would help get me in shape, but at the same time not be boring. I don't like to go the gym because the machines are tedious and I find myself always looking at the clock. I have tried exercise classes, like Zumba, but never stuck with any. I had heard of 9-Rounds, but was never interested in going until I ran into a spokesperson that gave me a pass for 3 free class. I never turn down free anything! After the first class, I was hooked. Heart rate up, sweat dripping (pouring is more like it!), breathing hard and sore in all the right places. All in just 30 minutes! Here's how it works: You walk in, at any time, and start at the next round. Each round is 3 minutes long, and there are 9 rounds\/stations total. All boxing\/kick boxing themed tasks. When the bell dings, you move to the next station. There is a continuous flow and I have never had to wait for space to get my workout started. There is always a trainer on hand, who comes around and will help you at each station and make sure that you are preforming the exercises properly. Plus, the workouts change daily so things never get boring. \nI have been going for around 6 weeks now, and I have already noticed a difference in my stamina. I still end up on floor at the end of each workout, but I feel amazing!\nIf you have thought about, you should definitely try it. The first class at any location is FREE! If you do decide to join, make sure that the location is convenient for you. None of the Charlotte area locations are owned by the same person, so your membership is only good at the gym that you sign with. If you do find yourself in another part of town, most gyms will allow you to pay a drop-in fee of $5-$15 if you are a member at another gym. If you are close to more than one location, be sure to check out the rates prior to making a decision. I shopped three (3) different locations prior to choosing the Matthews location. Each had different monthly rates and\/or promotions.