I've wanted to go to Bloom every since it opened. I love croissants and was excited to try their pastries.  I was disappointed with my recent visit. There seemed to be a lot of confusion that day, which led to a bit of a wait at the counter (no big deal at this point, it was the lunch hour).  Apparently someone ordered a salad but then they could not find the person. I saw staff taking this salad around the cafe a couple times before they concluded that this person had left.  Why is this relevant? You'll find out in a minute.\n\nI wasn't in the mood for something heavy and decided to get the salad myself.  They began to offer me the \"mystery salad\" (ummm, I don't want leftovers), but then I reminded them that I wanted gouda, not feta cheese. The girl taking the order seemed to get it so I sat down at a table, feeling reassured that a fresh new salad would be made.\n\nOur food was brought out and after a few bites, I see the hints of feta underneath....  Really?!?!  My first thought was, do you really think this tactic works?  Do you think you will actually pick out each and every piece of crumbly feta cheese from the salad?  And, is it really acceptable to be giving a customer a salad that I specifically stated I did not want?  I did address this with the employee in charge because the manager was not available (I'm sure they will be delighted to read this review).   I also pointed out to her that I may have asked for the switch due to a food allergy and that she could actually hurt someone.  She remedied the problem by refunding me my money and providing me with a coupon that I'm hesitant to use.\n\nThe croissant by the way was sub-par. Dry, not enough chocolate - I much prefer the frozen kind at Trader Joe's. \n\nThe only thing saving this review from one star is that my husband's food was fine.\n\nI hate to write about negative experiences, especially at an establishment that is trying to help people get back into the workforce.  I completely support that mission and am happy there are places like this.  However, I much prefer honesty over shortcuts and encourage management to review this with their staff.