The District on Apache is an absolute disgrace. They claim to be a perfect place for students; yet their printers are always broken, they never enforce quiet hours, and they don't care about your safety. I lived in a unit where one of the girls was in a domestically violent relationship. On multiple occasions I called security with VIDEO proof of the violence and her screaming for help. Security came multiple times, NEVER once asking for the abusive man to leave. When I asked to switch apartments because of this violence, they first told me it couldn't be done, and then they told me it could, but for a fee of over $300. They didn't care for my safety or the safety of my roommate, despite when they came they saw the red marks on her face from being hit. Two months after this incident, after complaining to the managers day in and day out, they finally allowed me to move. The only problem? They offered this to me two weeks before I was moving out- just to save themselves in case of a lawsuit. \n\nThis place is so loud it's awful. At least twice a week I would be woken up by people running through the hallways and banging on my walls. The District is also extremely dirty. The apartments look nice at first, but upon further inspection you can see that any dirt or damage is literally just painted over. I've had two bikes stolen here while \"on property\" and no one could check the cameras, leaving me to believe that they don't even work. My car got towed here by mistake the first week of school last year, and despite the towing company later recognizing that I do in fact pay $75\/month to park here, they refused to refund me and forced me to pay $250 to get my car out. The District was absolutely no help at all.  \n\nMoving out was also a disaster. After moving units for two whole weeks because of the dangerous situation between the girl that was getting beaten and her beloved boyfriend, the district tried to trick me into signing an entire new lease for another year instead of the remaining time on my lease. I corrected this mistake with them and they STILL had the audacity to send SimpleBills, the electricity provider, the year long lease. So, to this day, I am being charged for electricity in this god forsaken apartment complex when I haven't lived there in months. When contacted for information, Simplebills said that the District had no response to my issue. I also was charged for a \"broken\" chair AFTER moving out. It was $200 between us for a chair that we hadn't even sat on. This place was poison and they didn't even replace the \"broken\" chair, they just charged us and kept the money. \n\nThe District is a horrible place to live. The management is either untrained or unfeeling. The location is the only positive about this building and that is the sole reason they can charge so much. My genuine recommendation is to STAY FAR, FAR AWAY FROM THE DISTRICT ON APACHE. The few fun parties and location was nothing to the lost money wasted on this experience.