Joe is seriously the best waiter I have ever had!! He was the most attentive and courteous waiter I have ever experienced. I've been to my fair share of fine dining across Southern California as well as here in Las Vegas (The Bazaar, Spago, Bestia, Mastros, Ocean Prime, Ruth's Chris, Juniper & Ivy, The Marine Room, Hell's Kitchen, Gordon Ramsey's Steak, Lago, etc. just to name a few). In my experiences, Joe was the most welcoming and attentive waiters I have ever had. Here's why:\n\nI came in with my friend randomly because we were charging my car at the charger. We originally had no intention of eating fancy, but since it was nearby we decided we would give it a shot. My friend and I weren't expecting much service. We're both very young looking, I was in shorts and a t-shirt and my friend had on matching tropical print shirt and shorts. However, we were blown away by Joe's courtesy. He didn't judge us for what we wore or for wanting to share our dishes (as opposed to ordering out own steaks). He recommended the dry aged prime rib and Fleming's potatoes which we opted for. In fact, knowing that we were planning on sharing a steak and no appetizers, Joe brought us out an extra loaf of bread. He thought we'd still be hungry so he wanted to make sure we were satiated. He even noticed that my plate had a lot of crumbs from the bread and switched it out for me without any need for me to ask.\n\nAs for the food, the dry aged prime rib was one of the best steaks I've eaten. The steak was terrifically seared on the outside and the temperature inside was a nice medium rare. Our knives slide right through the steak and we could feel it melt in our mouths like butter as we ate it. I didn't see the steak before it cooked but I'd imagine the ratio of marbling was absolute amazing. It was a perfect serving for 2 people as well.\n\nTheir Fleming's potatoes are their take on scalloped potatoes. Each bite had a mouth full of soft buttered potatoes and warm melted cheese. It was rich but not over-powering. Their Brussels sprouts had a nice acidic vinaigrette coated on them and they came slightly crisp but not overly crunchy.