I've tried to pop in on numerous occasions during lunch but I could never find a parking spot as it's always busy in there.  I was just so curious as to  what the fuss was all about so, one Saturday afternoon, I dragged my husband there as I needed to get some chicken breasts.  We were lucky because we got a spot on the street but, first thing we noticed, were the heards of people (all nationalities) coming in and out.\n\nAs soon as we walked in, it smelled like someone's good, backyard barbeque.  It was the small, I don't know, Costco-type snack bar off to the left.  I didn't take such a good look because there were so many people ordering but I recall the prices for the burgers and prime rib sandwich being really inexpensive.  My husband joked about getting something but we just ate lunch.  However, I plan to take my colleague there at lunch, just park way down the street and go and get something to eat.\n\nAnyway, it's bustling in there!  Even though there were tons of staff behind the counter, you have to take a number and be prepared to wait.  While we were waiting, we noticed they had London Broil, nice thick sliced smoked bacon, tons and tons of sausages and deli meats and all the steaks (even the stew beef) looked like top quality - like what you'd get at an upscale butcher.\n\nI ended up asking for four boneless, skinless chicken breasts but when it was all bagged up, I realized how huge everything was - $19; had to freeze some.  I also asked for a decent sized flank steak (great for tacos) and that was only $10.  Next time I'm going with the short ribs because they are good size - not those small, skinny, fatty ones like you see in most supermarkets that are so overpriced. They'll also custom grind your meat for you - great if you're thinking of doing burgers with a combination of chuck, sirloin and brisket!\n\nOne small thing to note: pay close attention to when your number is coming up because it's very busy and loud in there and you may get missed.  I witnessed some crazy lady freaking out on this poor guy and the server because she didn't hear her number and they served the guy next. Otherwise, even thought it's crazy busy, the servers didn't rush anyone and were willing to make accommodations.  Good, old school Toronto establishment.