I went to Rumors for the first time January 2015 for my 21st. I went with my mom and boyfriend and we booked over the phone. I loved it and they were so accommodating. I couldn't wait to stay there again.\nFast forward a year and a half...my mother in law asked us to join her and her family in Vegas. She offered to buy us a room at Planet Hollywood so we could be near her. We declined since we wanted to stay at our favorite hotel. We made the reservation online and thankfully I took a screenshot on my laptop of the confirmation.\nWe drive ten hours and call ahead of time to make sure our room is still ready since we weren't going to arrive until 3am. I opened the reservation in my email and called the number on it. The woman I talked to said she found my reservation and then asked my name again and said she couldn't find it. She asked for the confirmation number and when I tried to reopen the email, it was gone. Of course, the screenshot I took was on a laptop we did not bring with us and our phone call got disconnected. When we arrived, we were exhausted and wanting to just check in and head to bed, but instead we were told there was no reservation, that the computers were having issues and they had no more rooms available. We almost left, but I really wanted to stay in this hotel. I asked if they had rooms available tomorrow and made a reservation with $25 early check in. We also paid cash to make sure our reservation wasn't lost again.\nWe had to wander around Vegas and sleep in our hot car until my mom in law woke up to let us in her hotel room. Once we were able to check in, I showed the woman at the desk the confirmation page our friend sent us from our laptop. She waived our resort tax fee. Our room was okay, but not as good as the first time I stayed. It had a weird smell and the faucet sprayed water everywhere when turned on. For the price, we were happy.\nThat night I decided we were going to stay another, so I went to extend it. They tried to run my card and I was told it was declined even though I had more than enough to cover it. She promised that they wouldn't give up my room and that they could do it tomorrow for me. My dude decided to go ahead and pay in cash again and extended our trip. I went again the next morning and she told me were were paid off until Sunday and actually had a $46 credit on our account.\nWe stayed until Saturday and bought drinks with our credit. We checked out a day early and upon checkout they said we still owed $126 and had no record of our paying cash the second time. We used our card and decided not to argue more with them since they did not know who worked the day before and could not verify what we had been told. We were pissed that we were being told different things each time we went to the desk and each time we had to speak to a different person. The constant change of shifts, computer and money errors and overall chaos and disorganization ruined this hotel for me. Hopefully, if we ever decide to stay there again, they will be more accommodating and under better management. It sucks that my favorite hotel that I recommended to everyone turned into a nightmare.