Affordable, clean facility, and they really care about you and your pet. I should know--I just put a beloved cat to sleep here a few weeks ago. \n\nI've been bringing my cat and dogs to Phoenix Animal Hospital and Dr. K. for several years, and a few weeks ago I really realized how wonderful this vet is. \n\nMy cat was getting increasingly ill about a month ago, and after bringing her in to see Dr. K. for some blood work (several hundred dollars, but worth it and you will find out why), we discovered that she probably had a fatal illness that she was dying slowly from. Who called me the day of the blood work results right on time? Dr. K. He instructed me to separate her from the other cats since it was potentially contagious, and said he would check in frequently and to try and get her eating again. \nA week later she hadn't eaten at all and a variety of other terrible things were happening--they went from bad to worse really quickly, and Dr. K. was there the entire time. I called him several times throughout the week to discuss her various symptoms, and it was finally decided that putting her to sleep was the most humane option. I scheduled to see him the next morning, but the afternoon before, her breathing was labored. She was suffering, and I couldn't get her in. \n\nSo I scheduled an appointment with Tatum Point Animal Hospital nearby, and had--I hate to say it--a terrible experience with them. I was charged for an urgent visit ($78!), which was worth it since she was going to be put out of her misery. Except that she WASN'T. Nope. The vet came in and began to tell me how she wasn't sure that my cat was dying (she hadn't eaten in over a week though I'd repeatedly tried with five different wet foods, had diarrhea, vomiting, and BLOOD coming out, and was literally having trouble BREATHING, not to mention Dr. K.'s fatal diagnosis from his blood work) and wanted me to do $1,000 worth of tests! After I'd spent an hour crying in a room, saying goodbye to my fur baby, this vet came in to say she wasn't comfortable doing euthanasia at that time. But ... why was I scheduled for a euthanasia visit? I didn't come in for a second opinion. She was holding Dr. K.'s blood work and still wanted me to get blood work in HER clinic. I agreed to two small treatments (fluids and an anti-nausea shot that did nothing), and was charged $160.00. \n\nAnyway, I left much more confused than before, and rescheduled for the next morning with Dr. K. He got me in immediately, took a look at my kitty, and said that she was definitely not doing well and that euthanasia was a humane option, even after I told him about my terrible and emotionally disturbing visit with the other vet. \n\nDr. K. made me feel at ease, and I knew my kitty was suffering. I'd had her since she was a kitten, and I KNEW she wasn't right, and that I couldn't watch her continue to suffer while doing many other tests. Dr. K. offered to do an autopsy FREE OF CHARGE to let me know what it was for sure that she was suffering from, and then he asked if I'd like to hold her during it. I agreed, and sat on the couch while my kitty was taken in the back to have a catheter put in for the medication. \n\nThen I was allowed to hold my kitty while only Dr. K. came in, asked if I was ready, and put the medication in the catheter while I held my kitty. It was sad, but very calming and peaceful. He let me spend a few minutes in the room holding her, and then led me through the back so that I didn't have to walk through the busy lobby. It was, by far, the BEST way I could imagine such a sad experience would happen. Also, their wonderful staff did the payment and brought a receipt while I stayed in the back in privacy, and sent me a sympathy card yesterday. Only charged me $154 altogether, for the euthanasia and cremation. NO charge for a visit, unlike Tatum Point Animal Hospital. \n\nDr. K. called me the next day to say that the autopsy showed that she either had lymphoma (cancer) or the fatal illness he'd diagnosed--I felt peace about my choice, and hadn't spent thousands of dollars to prolong her suffering.\n\nBest vet ever, especially in a sensitive situation such as this. Highly recommend.