This place is so awesome! Hidden away in an industrial plaza in Vaughan, this pizza place is serving what they claim to be authentic Roman style pizza. I've never been to Rome or Italy so I don't know what's authentic or not but I really enjoyed the pizza here. \n\nWe got a couple of the ready-made slices, I understand that you can order a freshly made pizza as well. We picked a couple slices to try and it was cut to our size preference. For about 3 large slices cut into two slices each (about a medium sized pizza's worth) it cost us about $15 with a water bottle, which is a good price considering two people had more than enough to eat, although the dessert pizzas did sound tempting. \n\nLike most people have mentioned, the star is the crust. The focaccia bread which is the base of this pizza tastes like fresh baked Italian bread. It's crispy at the bottom and doughy and bready in the middle and the toppings are fresh, albeit light, but it's not a heavy, greasy pizza place. They seem to want to showcase that dough and it's texture and flavour and it really shines through. The toppings are more like a compliment to the dough as opposed to the dough simply being a vessel for toppings. The toppings are really great though, I was impressed that they have things like smoked Gouda, sweet and spicy salami, fresh mozzarella and bocconcini, which seem to be more authentic than your standard pepperoni and shredded mozzarella.\n\nA normal person can probably get full off of a bigger slice because the crust is thicker and more substantial than a traditional pizza so you really can't eat as much as you would at a standard pizza place, which is my argument against people saying It's on the pricier side. It is definitely more expensive than Pizza Hut but if you want to try a unique pizza place, this is it. It's homemade tasting, the pizzas are beautiful and appear to be made with love and pride, it's worth the money for the quality and flavour.\n\nThe restaurant isn't anything special, it looks like a standard pizza takeout place, there are a couple of seats for a quick bite but it's not a family restaurant, there's no table service. Parking out front is free and ample. This isn't a place you'll stumble upon though, you'll have to go looking for it, but there's large signage so you won't miss it once you're driving by. \n\nService was good, the girl at the counter was friendly and prompt and we didn't feel intimidated by the unique process of ordering. No table service, so ordering and paying is the only interaction we had with any staff. \n\nOverall I will definitely come back for pizza to try some other flavours, maybe try that Nutella pizza!