Please think twice before placing your children into the care of Cactus Daycare. We have had our son in this daycare for 18 months. The first year was amazing. We had no problems and no incidents. Ever since the new director came and our son was moved up to the 1 year old class, things started to come apart. In the past 6 moths our son has been bitten 4 times, and had 3 other incidents. All incidents caused physical bruising and scratches and two of the biting incidents broke the skin and caused scarring that is still visible two months later. All incidents are from a single offender and we were informed by daycare staff that this child has other incidents and attempts at biting on other children. I followed the advice from all the websites and reached out to the director to collaborate on an action plan. For the first 2 biting incidents she had no idea what was going on. When I made her aware of the situation she placed the responsibility of taking care of it on her assistant and ignored the issue. My son was bitten again (3 times in one week). Again I spoke with the director and she was unaware of the details. I went over her head to the Director of operations. Only then did we make a specific plan to provide a safe environment for my son. The operations  director ensured me that the director would meet with me to go over the plan. That meeting NEVER occurred and the director continued to ignore the situation. Now I have a 4 biting incident from the same child and the suggestion from the daycare is to move my son (the victim) to a class he isn't ready for rather than deal with the problem. I called the operations director 3 times and she refuses to call me back as well. This daycare and it's leadership does not take the safety of our children seriously. Rather than getting to the root of a problem them they try to sweep it under the rug and pacify using empty words rather than action. Since then I  have researched their incidents and they have a high number of citations and violations.