Best piercing shop ever! I've always wanted cartilage piercings but been too nervous to get them after hearing about friends' bad experiences. (Also, remember that Arthur episode where the bunny gets her ears pierced and they turn into cauliflower ears? Yeah.) \n\nIt turns out all you have to do for a successful cartilage piercing is: 1) find a good piercing shop, & 2) follow their aftercare instructions. That includes not touching your ear, spinning the earring, or catching it accidentally during your daily activities. It's easier than it sounds, and gets easier over time as the cartilage heals. (Which, be warned, for cartilage takes 4-6 months.)\n\nHot Rod Piercing is welcoming, professional, & fast. The shop has great ambiance, and if you're a first-timer they'll go through the entire process with you and answer all your questions. You then sign a few forms that say you understand the process and risks involved with the procedure. (Again, this is why you should stick to well-established shops.) The longest time I've had to wait after that was 10 minutes, which I spent chilling on the leather couch and talking to the guy manning the register that day. Then, you're whisked away into the piercing room, which is set up a bit like an outpatient doctor's room. \n\nThe actual piercing doesn't hurt for more than a second, and the staff uses mirrors & marking pens to ensure the earring is placed to your liking. After it's done, you receive detailed aftercare instructions up front, pay the fee and are on your way!\n\nI got my left helix pierced about 3 months ago and (though I could've been more vigilant with my saline washes) had zero blips with the healing process. I came back this week to get my right helix done. Unfortunately, even though my piercer and I both spent 10 minutes trying to get my new earring symmetric with the left, I realized when I went home that my new earring was a hair lower than I would've liked. But even here the staff exceeded expectations; I went back the next day and got it repierced free of charge!\n\nTl;dr they're awesome, totally worth the price. Hot Rod is my go-to for any future piercings. Just take care of them & you'll probably find yourself getting way more than you originally planned for :P