Highly recommended and we will absolutely use again!\n\nMy wife and I wanted to add some LIGHT to our great room and some SOUND to our patio. After a little research with yelp, I decided on Dodge Electric. Why? Because Mike, the project manager, responded to my email within 24 hours. Others didn't respond at all or were a week later (after I had already secured Dodge). Of course, the initial request for a quote went out as a result of high reviews on yelp.\n\nAll via email (my preference), Mike and I decided on a date for Dodge Electric to come out and take a look at our home and give us a quote.\n\nPreston arrived on time and asked great questions and made fantastic suggestions in regards to what we wanted. While we had a \"wishlist\" of what we might get done (dependent on the price of each mini-project), we decided to price out adding can lights to our great room, speakers to our patio, a speaker outlet for our backyard, can lights for the master bedroom, a light over the master shower (per Preston's recommendation, one that can handle the moisture and doesn't give off creepy, unnatural light) as well as two 'Christmas Outlets' on both sides of our house. In the end, we just chose to light up our Great Room and bring sound to our patio and add an outlet for future speakers in the yard.\n\nThe estimate came in at nearly what we expected. We had a quote from a contractor which we thought was a bit outrageous - Dodge Electric's quote was within what we originally might have expected. Everything, again, was handled via email. The quote was sent in PDF form, we signed it on our iPad and sent back the work request to Mike, who then emailed back to confirm a date for install.\n\nOn the installation day, the two electricians, Francisco and Roger, arrived within the time window Mike had provided. We confirmed the work we were having done. One snafu: they were going to install dimmer switches that didn't match what we already had. During the initial appointment, Preston had taken pictures of what we already had so they matched. No problem for Roger, he said he'd just run and grab the ones that matched! No push back or anything from Roger, just a \"no problem,\" essentially.\n\nRoger and Francisco went right to work after finalizing locations of our can lights and speakers as well as the new switches. All-in-all, it took about five hours to complete the work, which was less than expected. They cleaned up after themselves for the most part, were nice to talk to and always wanted to make sure things looked good and we approved.\n\nSuch a relief to hire a service that cares about customer satisfaction. They've created a raving fan. We will highly recommend them to friends, family and coworkers without hesitation.