I was excited to do business with SVS given all the great reviews. My first visit went just as expected. I brought my truck in because I was having problems with the tuner and not able to get radio stations. When I explained this to Devin the manager, he provided the outstanding customer service I'd read about. We walked to my truck and discussed the problem while he tried to better understand it. He scheduled an appointment for me for the following day for them to take it in and get a better look at it.\n\nUnfortunately the appointment was where they lost my business. When I pulled in I was greeted with glares by the guys in the garage and no sign of Devin. Instead the fellow that rudely took my keys and sped my truck around back didn't have an ounce of customer service in his being. I have a security lock on the ignition and when I attempted to explain how to start the truck while handing over the keys, I was left as he sped out of the door without a care for the words coming out of my mouth. \n\nAfter not being told whether my car was being looked at or not, he peeked back into the shop to make sure they weren't the ones who sold or installed the system before saying my situation was \"weird\" and disappearing again. With no idea of what's going on with my truck and 20 mins of sitting in the waiting area, the same man walks through the doors and says \"well it's toast, I can't fix it but I can sell you a new one\". As this was the first update and that's all the information I was given. I naturally asked what was wrong with it. His reply was \"I don't know.\" Having to pry useless information out of this man, the most he said was that all he can do is test the wiring feeding the system and since all that was working fine, it's the dock that must be malfunctioning. He proceeded to walk me over to the display wall and try to sell me new systems which is when I had had enough and asked for my keys to leave. \n\nThis was the worse service I have ever experienced and not what I was expecting from a place with so many great reviews. Their selection is great and prices are affordable if you're looking for a completely new install. Don't visit if you're liking to fix a problem because they will put very little effort into actually finding out what's wrong. And if you do decide to give this place a visit. INSIST ON TALKING TO DEVIN. He is what all of these rave reviews are all about. None of his supporting staff will be nearly as genuine or helpful. \n\nAnother reason this left such a sour taste in my mouth was when I did get my truck back, everything was tampered with. All of my seat adjustments were tampered with, my mirror was tilted, and items that I had carefully placed in my middle storage were moved which they had no business being in. My aux cord was removed and found on the passenger floor. These men had no care for my belongings or my business.