I have moved about every three years most of my life, and this was by far the worst experience in any dealing with any company ever.\n\nLet's start with Sales - We were specifically looking for a mover that would load our belongings on ONE truck, and not unload that truck until it got to our destination. We also made sure to tell sales  that it had ot be a smaller truck, becuase we were moving into an apt where anything large wouldn't fit (we also noted that on teh contrcat during pick up). That was what was promised by our sales rep.  Just as our loaders were finishing, they mentioned they were driving to Vegas and were taking that truck elsewhere for another pickup.  By this time our house was packed, and I had a new job to get to  four states away.\n\nThen Customer Service - We called CS the day fo our move to verify that our belongings were not getting off the truck.. The woman in CS \"promised\" us that our stuff would not leave teh truck\n\nNote - Under the promise that our belongings would not move, we did not opt for the higher level of insurance.\n\nOnce they had half of their money and all our belongings they drove off.  After a couple days we called to inquire about the status of our move.  We went four days of email, texting, and calling to every dept and phone number we had, no one answered the phone.  We were minutes away from filing a  police report in case the company had just folded up and disappeared when we got a text with the status that confirmed that our belongings had been unloaded, and was going to be loaded onto an 18 wheeler, which we reminded them wouldnt fit in our complex.\n\nAfter two weeks we were given our 24 hour notice of delivery.  Two guys show up at 4pm in an 18 wheeler, and decide they can not fit in the complex and need to rent a uhaul to shuttle the belongings from the 18 wheeler into the complex, which I told them 8 hours before wouldn't fit.  By 4:30 the uhauls had closed, so we had to wait til the next day.  (side note:  our air mattress sprung a leak the night before, we asked them if the could give us the box springs and mattress, which were accessible and visible from back of the truck, but teh drivers balked becasue they weren't allowed to give us anything until we paid in full, not even a bed to sleep on)\n\n65% of our belongings were damaged.  Every piece of furniture (book cases, wardrobes, couch, chairs etc) was damaged.  Most boxes were damaged, the only things to survive unscathed were clothes, sheets and towels.  We even had a box disappear, when we called Cust Service they said \"oh, we will check, sometimes our movers forget a box or two in the warehouse when they are transferring loads\", we never did hear back from them.\n\nBased on their promise to not unload our belongings until destination I took lower insurance, had I known they would have transferred it, A) I would have called another mover or B) I would have gotten better insurance, because every time you move on or off a truck you increase chance of damage, and we were never given an opportunity to change insurance.\n\nWhen we try to talk to anyone know they just say \"well according to the contract..\" and do not care one bit abiut our belongings, our satisfaction, or their reputation.  I did some math and figured out they would probably make more profit at this point if they had just dumped all my belongings in a  land fill and let me claim the maximum on the insurance