We decided on trying something new for dinner. Jimmy & Joe's Pizzeria had a Sunday special. 2 - 12\" pizzas for around $13. Perfect for giving it a try.\n\nSo Sunday night at 4:42 pm I gave them a call to place my order. They pick up and immediately put me on hold. Ok. They must be busy. Good. Then they might be good. Oh how wrong I was.\n\nA few minutes on hold then a nice kid answers and takes my order. The special and the cheese bread please. Great, It will be ready in 20 minutes. Ok. Thank you.\n\nTwenty minutes later my husband goes to pick up the order. This is where everything goes wrong. You might have great food, a clean place, are close to my house, etc. etc. Good for you. But give bad service, then you are NOTHING. Seriously. Customer service is IMPORTANT. Try and be a little nice. A little attentive. Talk to the customer. Look them in the eyes. Just try to do it. It really goes a long way. \n\nHusband arrives to an empty counter. He waits at the counter. Makes eye contact with every person in the back as well as people bringing pizza out to tables. Not a single one said hi, may I help you, what can I do for you, just a moment please. NOTHING. Pure silence. No nods of acknowledgment that he was a human being standing there ready to give them our hard earned money for their pizza that we ordered 25 minutes ago. Another five minutes pass then someones approaches the counter to finally asks reluctantly if they can help. Yay! \n\nMy husband tells them we had an order put in for pick up. The kid looks at the computer, gives my husband the total then my husband pays for it. Then the kid looks up and tells my husband, \"Its going to be 5 (five) minutes.\" Thats all he says. Maybe he has trouble talking to people. Maybe he was frightened of my husband for some reason. But ok. Five minutes. Not to long.\n\nHusband sits down and waits. And waits and waits. Five minutes come and go. Sees people getting seated. Sees seated people getting orders taken. Sees people who got orders taken get pizza. Wait, what? These people got there after he arrived 20+ minutes AFTER we put in an order over the phone 45 minutes ago! Husband approaches the counter while the kid was there and asks what happened to his order.\n\nThe kid looks up at him as if he had never seen him before, then asks his name and what exactly he ordered! OMG! Really?! Husband repeats his name and order and showed he paid for the pizza over 25 minutes ago. Kid looks at the receipt, then goes over to the warmer, where my husband saw him place items in there 10 minutes ago, and brings the order out to him. Says absolutely nothing. No sorry it took so long, sorry you had to wait, or even a here sir, here is your pizza you have been waiting for over an hour now while others only had to come in and wait a few minutes. NOTHING.\n\nHusband checks the pizza and cheese bread and walks out furious. When he brought it home we tried it. Not bad. Not good, but not bad. Soggy and the cheese bread was cold. Flavor was ok at best.\n\nNever ever ever again will we be eating there. And we will warn everyone. EVERYONE! NEVER to eat there either. Unless you like a total lack of acknowledgment for your own human existence.