Well, what to say? They have a nice view of the lake and the namesake fountain. I even had a room with a view. But the staff appear to be inept and somewhat unwelcoming. My room was not ready when I arrived (even though it was 45 min past check-in time) and I was told it was because they were full the night before and busy. Well, being \"full\" does not seem a good reason to not service others. I mean it makes it sound like being full is the exception or something. If you can't clean a full house by 3, maybe need to make check-in 4pm??\n\nAnyway, later, when I went to bed I found pubic hairs and other signs that made seriously doubt as to whether the sheets had been changed. So I called and asked for new sheets to be sent up. They arrived, but no pillow cases. Had to call again. Then I had to make my own bed (of course) and the sheets were queen sized, but I had a king bed. So I called again and the person returned and I showed her that the sheets don't fit. I asked for king sheets and she said that these ARE king sheets and that all beds in the hotel and the same size and that they are all king-size beds. Really? (that can't be right, but we digress) Then, she literally said, \"I don't know what you want me to do for you.\" I said I want clean sheets that fit the bed I have. She said she would have to go ask about that. I think my request was so far outside the bounds of normalcy that it literally stumped her. She left.\n\nA few minutes later, some other guy calls and says \"do you want us to just move you to another room?\" Uh, no. It is 11pm and I am all unpacked. How about just some king size sheets? He said, \"oh, the sheets you got were NOT king size?\" I said yes. He said, \"just a sec.\" Minutes later, king size sheets were delivered. Viola!\n\nSounds like a new employee or two. I don't mind new folks, but I do mind being the defacto corporate trainer (for \"on the job training\") and yet not getting paid to be the trainer. The room was $43, but as I trainer (which I am in real life), I would have invoiced these folks for $150 after schooling them on customer service and hotel management. So CLEARLY they got the better deal.