- Our flight was delayed 4.5 Hours, but it was more like 7.5 hours because of how early Allegiant makes you show up to the airport and all we were compensated was $32 in meal vouchers for airport food. Even after bringing up the Contract of Carriage with the employees. The employees said any refunds issued come from the Customer Service center, the same number we can call, they don't have any control over that. They even said to me that Corporate doesn't care about their passengers or their experience, they see this all the time, but Corporate doesn't care.\n\n-My wife and I woke up at 4:30am, we left the North Shore at 5:15 AM to drive, gas up and return our rental car, drop bags, get through security and to our flight. We returned our rental car, jumped on the rental car shuttle to the airport, we get off the rental car bus at 6:30 AM. 6:36 AM I get our first of two text from Allegiant saying the flight has been delayed to noon. Our flight didn't actually board until 1:20 PM, That's over 7 hours from when we had arrived at the airport\/ was told to arrive at the airport by Allegiant. One of the worst parts is, WE JUST RETURNED THE RENTAL CAR! So now my wife and I had to choose whether we would wait at the airport for the next 3 hours or figure something else out (9:30 Was the 'New' Check in time) Allegiant wouldn't take\/hold our bags, Agriculture wouldn't scan our bags until 9:30. So we couldn't get through TSA Security check point  where any of the good food was because we had our bags. We were stuck with Starbucks outside the lobby, what a great option for a couple people that don't drink coffee. \n\n-My wife and I decided to make the best of the situation, after confirming with 2 separate Allegiant personnel that we could leave the airport. We left the airport, paid another $68 to rent a car for \"The day\" went and got breakfast off site with our own money. We returned the car at 9:30 AM, waited 45 minutes to drop our bags off, then got through security and sat and waited for a gate number which never came, but what did come was a second delay to 1:00PM. I'm already worried this flight is going to be cancelled all together so I'm looking up backup flights to get us home, and saw there was a flight on Hawaiian we could catch, but I needed to know how much of a refund we could get from our tickets from allegiant. After all it is written in your contract of carriage if you are significantly delayed that you will refund the passenger the portion of their unused ticket upon their request. So I split up with my wife, she stayed at the gates, i went to the front counter to talk to a manager. The manager informed me they can't make that call, that corporate has to make that call. I asked for a specific number of hours until that call is made, they said they don't know, they don't have a number. My wife on the other hand finally got through to your customer service department after being on hold for an hour and was told refunds will only be refunded after a 7 hour delayed flight. 7 HOURS! In your contract of carriage it talks about a 400% refund with a Maximum of $1,350 per person if Allegiant has to put you on another flight because you got bumped out of your seat and arrive just 2+ hours after you were originally scheduled to arrive, but a $32 meal voucher for my wife and I for arriving 4.5 hours later than planned because we technically didn't get bumped, just delayed.\n\n-We paid 'Extra' to check a bag, your company has one of the lowest weight requirements at 40lbs\n\n-We paid for Extra leg room, little did we know until after we gave you our money that we didn't just pay for extra leg room, we now had paid extra for choosing our specific seats.\n\n-It's not that I just WON'T ever recommend Allegiant to anyone again it's more that I will advocate against you to all my family and friends until the day I die. I will leave negative reviews wherever I can to warn other people to not choose you.\n\n-Shame on your company.