Fleming's includes prices on their menus. If you make a reservation, order a meal and then experience sticker shock when you get the tab, that's not their fault. That said - it is Fleming's responsibility to provide food and service that will make you forget you paid $49 for an a la carte petite filet.\n \nOn our last visit, it was the price and not the experience that we talked about on the ride home.\n \nFour of us went on a Wednesday night to celebrate a birthday. It was early and the main dining room was fairly empty. The wait staff was great. Very welcoming and attentive. The iPad with the wine app was cumbersome on the table but an okay diversion. Ultimately it was the food that disappointed us.\n \nAll four of us had steak. The steaks were good, but that's all they were. Three out of the four steaks were cooked as requested. One of the filets was served medium to well done instead of the medium rare that was requested. I know this sounds snooty, but all the filets seemed more appropriate for Outback Steakhouse and not the higher end of the Bloomin' Brands spectrum of restaurants.  \n \nThe special was a combo plate that included a beef filet, a salmon filet and two scallops. The salmon was kind of dry and the scallops were small. The creamed spinach was all cream and no spinach. Each spoonful spread out on your plate more like soup than the side dish it should have been. A shrimp cocktail appetizer and sides of potatoes and onion rings were okay but, nothing knocked our socks off.\n \nWhy didn't we send anything back? A lack of time and an abundance of hunger. Plus, we were celebrating a birthday and complaining about stuff would dampen the mood. We kind of hoped (and expected) the kitchen would get it right the first time. We did say something about the spinach and they offered a different side (we didn't try anything else) and took the item off our bill.\n \nAt the end of the meal we were given a box of truffles and a $25 gift card for our next visit (the card expires in two months).\n \nTo sum up, the staff is great but the kitchen let us down that Wednesday night. If you go, make sure you have time to insist that the food meets your expectations. You're paying a lot of money and the staff genuinely seems like they want to make sure you're happy when you leave.\n \nOne unexpected bonus after our experience is that the bills from other restaurants we've dined at all seem like absolute bargains.\n \nEveryone can have an off night so I'm sure we'll give Fleming's another try - it just might take us a while to save up the cash.