I discovered Express MiE by way of a friend's mother who got us an Intro to Pole class for Christmas.  I enjoyed the class, but I wasn't quite ready to take the plunge in to pole dancing yet.  Instead I purchased 10 Club Mie classes, which are 45 minute drop-in fitness\/dance classes.  There is no skill required, no prerequisites.  To respond to some of the reviews about the classes not being a good workout: some of the Club MiE classes were more fun and choreography (Glee, African Beats), others were a more relaxing, slower burn (Stetch MiE, Burn by Candlelight) and others were a pretty good workout (Awkward Dance, Dance Sculpt).  For a new member, you can pay one low rate for a week of unlimited classes, then you can find what classes and instructors you really like before signing up for a full month!\n\nWhen my 10 classes were up, I decided to sign up for Level 1 Pole-ah-Tease.  I LOVED it.  Each level is 6 weeks long, then you graduate to the next level.  I have a lot of fun during each class, which is like a weekly escape from the rest of my life.  The classes are constructed to build self-confidence and all the girls cheer each other on.  It's a great atmosphere.  Sometimes I wake up the next morning sore like I'd had a great workout, other days I barely felt it; but EVERY day was a fun class.  I am about to finish Level 2, have already signed up for Level 3, and am totally sure I'll continue through Level 7, or 8\/9.  Now if I could find somewhere at home to put a pole!\n\nSometime soon I hope to participate in the 3rd program at Express MiE: Lalalicious (formerly Dance-U).  These are also 6-week long courses that focus on different areas of dance like Hoop Dancing, Burlesque, Ballet, Bollywood, etc. and teach a choreographed routine by the end of the session.\n\nThe 4th and newest option is Twirlesque.  These classes seem to be a combination of the last two: 6 weeks long, choreography based on different styles of dance... but with a pole!  \n\nIt doesn't even matter what you do- just stepping inside this studio feels good.  Every instructor is friendly, Christie (the owner) is awesome, all the members and dancers build relationships with each other, and the place just has a good vibe.