2 thumbs wayyyyy down! I would give it 0 stars if i could.. \ni intentionally didnt write the review right after cus I knew i was still very angry. But coming back to LA and writing this review is starting to get me upset again so ill try to keep it short without going into too much detail. \n\nWe called and made a reservation requesting for 4 people in 15 min. The lady on the phone replied ok. When we got there I found out that the lady who had answered was not even there and she said workers were avail. (If u call the number on yelp, ull realize its the managers own personal number). So no one was there to assist us. They let 2 other people go who did not even make a reservation. When I asked one of the guys who was there how long it would take he said 5 min, but it ended up being more like 30 min when another second manager came running in. We were all going to get full body, but for the sake of time 2 got the full body, I got the foot, and 1 friend decided not to get a massage at all and waited in the car. The guy who gave me a massage did not seem to be a masseuse who got thrown in there cus of lack of staff. After I spoke with the person i had originally made the reservation with (by calling the same number) she apologized and told me there were being changes made and that was the first day with the new staff. She said she would lower the price, but when it came to pay the prices were actually higher than than what we had been told (30 for foot and 50 for full). SO instead of having to paying less like the lady manager promised we were charged more. That obviously did not sit to well with us so we payed 50 for the full but still had to pay 38 for the feet. They're lying cheats that are just after your money and will do anything to get it including making empty promises.   \n\nLow point of the whole trip. I would have rather lost money at the tables then have to spend for a massage here. A massage is supposed to help relieve stress, but this experience made me even more stressed. So much so that it left me wanting to get another one the next day. Never ever coming back here..ever again!