First, a word of warning:  This is a restaurant designed for foodies.  If you're looking for a slightly elevated chop house or a better-than-usual dining experience in Calgary, keep looking.\n\nWhat you'll find:  Currently Q Haute Cuisine has a single pre fixe offering with an optional alcohol (mostly wine) and non-alcohol drink pairings.  They also have a wine list, though we were told that in the future they may 86 the wine list and just make the pairings part of the offering.  I say offering, versus menu, because no menu is provided (until after the meal) - what is being served that evening is a surprise.  And this is what makes it so much fun.\n\nWhat makes QHC good:  Chef and co-owner Michele Aurigemma uses best available ingredients, artfully prepared and presented, and cooked with a deft hand.  His kitchen is well run and each course, along with the amuse-bouche and other single-bite additions, are thoughtfully prepared and well executed.  He has a strong sense of flavors, textures, and the art of presentation.\n\nWhat makes QHC worthy of a visit:  The front  of the house is equal to the kitchen in the explanation of each dish, manner of service, and the history behind every item offered, be it the wine, teas, mixed drinks, or the concepts behind the meal.  The maître d', Josh, though young, reflects his classical butler training in how he treats each of his guests.\n\nYour commitment:  This will not be a fast meal, plan on spending 2.5-3 hours for the short 4 course, and on weekends when they offer 7+ courses, plan on spending 4 hours.  Eating at QHC isn't a meal, it's an event.\n\nAdded bonus:  During the meal each of the tables is escorted through the kitchen to see how it works, and offered a small taste treat (ours was an alcohol infused lollipop prepared on an anti-griddle).  If you love restaurants, then this is a real treat.\n\nIn my opinion this is a restaurant that aims to be a Michelin rated, and should be.  If they can consistently prepare and serve food in the manner that we experienced, they are definitely worthy of a 1 star rating.  Josh told us the story of a woman who chanced upon QHC on a business trip and was so impressed she flew back with her husband from Texas just to have another meal there; and from my experience I can relate to that.  From my wife's and my perspective, we felt fortunate to have stumbled upon such a great gem.  Kudos to Michele, Josh,  and rest of the staff at QHC.