BEWARE OF THIS COMPANY!!!\n\nI used protege pools for about a year and a half. The problems started about a year into service when Hugo just stopped showing up... for a whole month!!! As my pool turned green I tried to reach them on the phone. Very seldom would they answer their phone and when they did I was given empty promise that they will be there the next day. At one point I called Hugo and Sandra 10 times in one day with no answer... and no call back. I don't know how someone runs a business that way. I was finally at my wits end after they had missed their 4th week in a row and text Hugo \"we need to talk!!\" and this was after trying many times by phone to both of them. He responds saying that we can talk the next day when he stops by my house to service the pool. Needless to say he didn't show up. So I text Sandra saying that I will no longer be needing their service due to the fact that they are not showing up for there weekly pool service. WOW!! I get a text and a call right away... she says that there was a misunderstanding, the parts needed for my pool pump didn't come in yet so she told Hugo not to show up that day. She offered me 2 free months of service and a discounted rate for an acid wash and new grids. So I took the offer and continued service with them.  By the middle of July my pool is starting to get a green color again so I let Protege know. On July 24th (the last time my pool was serviced by protege) when Hugo came to get rid of the algae growth in the pool I told Sandra that my pool pump didn't seem to be priming and the vacuum wasn't working. She told me that the pool priming issue was fixed and that I need to either take the vacuum to leslie's for repair or just buy a new one. When I got home and turned on the pool pump the problem was far from fixed, there was almost no water going through the pump. I turned off the pool pump because I didn't want to burn it out and cause more issues. Hugo was supposed to service the pool on July 31 but did not show up for that visit. At this point my pump had not run for a week and the pool is still green because I couldn't circulate the water. Surely he would show up the next week to get it all fixed but again a no show. I then canceled service with them, asked for a refund for August which I had pre-paid and started looking for a \"REAL\"pool service. I found glistening waters pool service and they came to the rescue. The pool pump had some debris stuck in the pipes that glistening waters quickly got rid of and the pump was working great again which in turn fixed the vacuum that just had no suction because of the lack of water flow through the pump. They had the water crystal clear in no time. Now a month has gone by and still no refund. Two weeks ago I tried calling protege about the refund and got no answer, but they later responded saying that they normally send things out on the first of the month (so they were already planning to wait a month before refunding me. That's outrageous if you ask me) but they would put it in the mail that night. Still no refund. I'm done playing their silly games, I have decided to dispute the charges with my bank and the problem will be fixed soon. After using a different pool service I can now cleanly tell that the pool was poorly maintained. I will not be recommending protege pool service to anyone.