Update: After I left my initial review on Lee's BBQ members from the marketing reached out to me and wanted me to give the restaurant another chance. They were very apologetic that my experience wasn't a pleasant one, and explained that they were making improvements. I was actually very pleased that they reached out to to me though that was very professional. And I agreed to come back. Last night at the spur of the moment my husband decided he wanted to go back and give it s try. I contacted the marketing team through Yelp and let them know. Ben was who I was in touch with, and he promptly called the restaurant to let them know about my experience\nFrom last time. \n   Immediately I noticed the tone of the restaurant was different, they had control of the floor and all customers looked happy and well taken care of by the servers. Also I want to add that there was enough servers for the busy crowd. We went in at about 8pm last night (Sunday) and the restaurant was slammed, every single table was taken. And there was also many large parties. The servers were attentive and food food was served fast, our salad and side dishes were on the table before Ben even called the restaurant on our behalf. And the grill was changed half way into our meal; which was a contention I had with our last visit. The grill wasn't touched at all. The drinks were refilled promptly and our meat kept coming, there was no limit on how much we could order at a time like there was last time. Our server Jenny, who was incredible by the way; noticed my daughter had hurt her finger when she touched the octopus too early right after we took it off the grill. She kindly got an ice cube and put it on her finger for her and calmed My daughter down. \n   As a whole we really enjoyed this visit, but not only that it looked everyone else was really enjoying their time as well. And they were operating at full Capacity on a busy weekend night. I've changed my railing from a 1 Star to a 5 Star, to see original review scroll down. I do recommend this place now, and it's very convenient since it's located right next door to Greenland, the Korean Market. My family usually likes to eat at Lee's BBQ and then go load up on Korean groceries for the house! Thanks again to Ben and the team at Lee's BBQ it was a great experience last night! \n.\n.\n.\n.\n.\nOriginal Review:\nHorrible service, understaffed during dinner rush on a Sunday night. This is GO-TIME for restaurants in the Vegas Valley, the fact that the management can't have the foresight to FULLY staff their restaurant during the busiest time of the day and week is absurd. There was two servers on the floor, with a full house! Customers were desperately trying to get basic things for their tables, getting refills, or just ordering more meat. Which it's important to mention that you can only order 3 orders of meat at a time. I understand they do they do this in order\nTo not waste food, but if they can't even get to the tables in time to keep the food coming, then what's the point?! When customers would try to get the attention of the one of the two hostess, they would say \"I'm not a server\" even though they can clearly see the floor is slammed. \n  And to put a cherry on top of the shit show that has been our experience, we were getting substandard service compared to the other \"more\" Korean quests. I'm half Korean, and my husband and his family are Thai. We are here with my daughter, and it's clear that the other guests who are Korean were getting the best service possible in this disaster. \n  Like another reviewer said, there's so many other Korean BBQ establishments available in the area. Even some in the outer perimeter of the Valley. Even though the BBQ meat was a good, we got no help from the staff, which is customary at Korean BBQ joints. My bibim naengmyeon was not good at all, with no variety of crunchy veggies to go with it, which is customary. Also, there was no grill change in the middle of our meal, and by the end we were cooking on a grill that was very crusty and not heating the meat evenly, with a lot less surface available to cook at all. \n   I'd recommend Sura Korean BBQ, which in the same area. Or Moo Woo Korean BBQ which is in Centennial. The staff at those locations are actually happy to be working and offer exemplary customer service each time. With food that is always consistent. We are extremely patient when we go out to eat, and this experience has completely pushed us to our limits. Never coming back. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME HERE!!