Coming from a retail background way back, I fully believe in the theory that customers only post reviews if their expectations are exceeded or if they are very dissatisfied. Unfortunately this is one of the few negative reviews I have on my yelp account.\n\nMy fiancee and I just bought a new home and naturally were very excited to get a brand new living room set (sofa\/loveseat\/recliner) for our new space. We went in and per usual, a very enthusiastic salesperson came up to greet us. He was just the right amount of 'helpful,' not hovering too much and not absent. We picked out a set we liked and went to the back to set up financing. The GE Capital remote financing system was down for the day so the staff took my information and said they would call me if I wasn't approved.\n\nFast (pun intended) forward to 3 weeks later when they finally were able to deliver the set. I was the first stop on the delivery route which was nice however the delivery people seemed to be in a huge rush. They made me sign a waiver stating that I would not claim damages if they were to damage my house or the furniture itself. They quickly got the loveseat and recliner upstairs but struggled a little with the sofa.  After scratching up the paint on my walls and gouging marks in my drywall, they quickly set it down in front of my front door and told me they couldn't get it up there and said that I would need to call customer service to get a refund.\n\nSo I did just that, I called Customer Service to say that I needed a refund and that I needed to schedule a pick up. Customer Service then told me to call the store I bought it from to receive the refund. Okay, fine. I called the store who seemed less than pleased to give me my refund, explaining that it didn't fit and that I would also need to schedule a pick up. They told me that they would then charge me $80 since I didn't refuse the furniture at the time they dropped it off.  Um, last I checked no one, including the delivery men, told me I had the right to refuse at that point and I wouldn't have to pay the $80.  By this point I just want the sofa out of my house and the money returned, so I agree to pay the $80 delivery fee and am told that Customer Service will call me to schedule a pick up.\n\nA week and a half goes by and no call from Customer Service. So I call the store to explain that I haven't received a call from Customer Service and need to know what I need to do to get a pick-up scheduled. I was transferred to someone at the store who was extremely rude on the phone and told me that I needed to call Customer Service.  I asked her if there was anything I needed to tell Customer Service (like an order number or ticket) and she said \"I guess...\" \n\nI call Customer Service by this point (sorry this story is so long) and am extremely frustrated. I am really nice and completely appreciate people in any kind of service industry so I explain why I am frustrated and want to know how I can just get this sofa out of my house. The Customer Service rep asked me if I had disputed the $80 service charge or anything like that and when I responded 'no' she said she was confused why no one had called to schedule my pick up appointment (you and me both, friend). So we set up the pick up appointment for 2 and a half weeks out because that was the earliest time they had!\n\nBy now my fiancee, who isn't quite as patient, called the store to ask why we weren't provided with better customer service. When the salesperson who answered the phone wasn't giving any answers, he asked to speak to the manager. The manager on staff was extremely rude and sarcastic. Along the way we had told all the salespeople that we just moved into a new home and are wanting to buy 2 new beds, a new sofa to replace the one that was too large, and an additional recliner.  That could be more than $3k in sales to them!  They refused to return the $80 delivery charge unless we purchased a brand new item on the phone right then so my fiancee just rented a uhaul truck, drove the sofa to the Ashley warehouse, and dropped it off.\n\nI am still in the midst of waiting for the $80 delivery charge to be credited to my account.  But I wanted to share my experience with everyone so they can go into the purchase informed.  The selection was great, I still really like my loveseat and recliner.  Just everyone (salespeople, delivery people, customer service reps, credit reps, managers) were very difficult to deal with...this coming from someone who is very understanding and patient!\n\nBottom line. Write down everyone's name you deal with along they way just in case you have to dispute things down the line.