This place is filthy! And I mean FILTHY!!!  Like slum lord, Health Code violation level unsanitary.  It's Like you are working out in an old grungy basement. The cardio equipment is caked in.... sweat?  There are dust bunnies so big under the equipment you could ride them. I'm not sure the floors or anything has ever been cleaned.   Don't even get me started on the bathrooms, just hold it till you get home.  Have yet to see a cleaning person Ever!   I have been looking at the same water bottle and towel on top of the lockers for months straight.   Speaking of equipment - it is old, outdated and run down.  Good luck finding a treadmill to run on as they all wobble and most don't even incline anymore.  A stair mill has been broken for months and they just noticed it.   The rubber matting on the floor is so old and beat up it is buckling - people trip over it constantly.  Just a matter of time until someone falls and gets hurt.    There is no locker room or classes like the other locations. (but the price is the same)   OH a big pet peeve of mine -  There is also No daycare, however people bring their kids in all the time and the person at the front desk does nothing!  Really, I never see them do anything at all - period.  Clearly anything goes here.  So if you want to use the corner with the kettle bells, plyo boxes etc...  good luck because it is romper room over there and the floor is covered in spilt soda and cheeto dust, and no one is going to mop it ever.    \n\nI feel bad giving this place only 2 stars, but.....The truth hurts sometimes.    \nWhat I like about this gym:  Basically location and the fact that it is not super crowded.  You can normally always get on equipment or find a little space to workout. They have a decent variety of equipment for the size. It is primarily filled with people who want to show up, work out and hit the road, not the typical gym rat D.bags.  They provide towels, or... did - they are stopping that in 2 weeks.  Staff is not available 24\/7, but the gym is.   Half of the building is a gym, the other half is a tanning salon - if that is your thing. \n\nBottom line:  this could be a great gym if it was maintained and managed better.  Right now the only thing they have going for them is location and lack of competition in the area.  They try to sell it like it is a boutique gym.  Well for the price and lack of amenities - this place should be run like a boutique gym, not a high school weight room.