Is it possible to leave 10 stars instead of just 5? Because if so, then count this review as a solid and shining 10! I went into Right Toyota yesterday for their customer appreciation event, and was not expecting much of anything at all to come out of it. I was driving a 2007 VW Passat, that looked nicer on paper and in the ads on TV than it did guzzling the premium unleaded and driving like a tank that it really was. But I also was stuck in a bad situation with my finance company over the car too--although I did not know just how bad until Right's finance staff pulled my records up and showed me.\n\nIt turned out I was upside down in the car for over 5,000 dollars since purchasing it last year...and that was with making every payment on time and without fail. I had even put down a few thousand on the VW last year, but because of the horrible interest rate I was being charged, my 2,000 dollar credit on the car's value turned to that 5,000 dollar debt in no time. \n\nI had absolutely no hope whatsoever that I was ever going to get out from under the VW, but salesperson John Tils and his finance team made me an offer I could not refuse: They offered to pay of the entire car loan for the VW, all of it, and get me into a 2010 Toyota Prius for only a bit more than my VW monthly payment was, with absolutely nothing out of my pocket at all. There was a white Prius with grey cloth interior on the lot that I loved, and it just happened to be the one John took me to first. Within two hours of my arrival if that, I was driving away in a 2010 Toyota Prius, and feeling awesome about life for a few reasons...\n\n1. With my job requiring me to travel all across the valley everyday, I now will get more than double the gas mileage I did with the VW, and those savings (not to mention not having to put premium in the Toyota like I did the VW) will more than cover the extra cost of my monthly payments, and then some. \n\n2. I am now making payments (or will be soon) that are mostly going to the car and not the bank. Even with a credit score in the mid 600's and student loan debt totaling over 100K dollars, the finance team was able to get me in below 10% interest. Also, the Prius has great resale value, which will be nice when the time comes to refinance or sell it. Also, I have one year of free maintenance and 100,000 miles of bumper to bumper warranty coverage, something my used VW did not offer. \n\n3. Most importantly, I was treated like a member of Right's family from the get go, and made to feel important and valued..but in a sincere and not coerced or forced way. I even asked John exactly why he and Right would want to take care of a customer with little or nothing to offer them in comparison to someone who walks in with capital of some sort, or a boatload of cash. He was honest and straight with me...and said all he and they wanted in return was for me to share my story, in the hope that others might check them out and give them a chance to win their business and friendship too. \n\nSo that is what I am doing, but for more reasons than just because John asked that of me. I have never been treated so respectfully and openly by any auto car dealership business in my life--and lest we forget, these are businesses which we have been almost taught should never be trusted (i.e., the 'used car salesman' cliche)...but just as no one should ever judge a book by its cover, I was both wrong in my skepticism, and pleasantly surprised to be so. \n\nI truly believe in voting with my feet, and supporting only those personally and professionally alike who are willing to help and support, and help me to better myself in some way...or reciprocity at its most fundamental and honest level(s). I could not ask for better customer service, as well as just human assistance and compassion than I got from Right Toyota yesterday--and look forward to receiving (and giving when able) to Right Toyota from here on out. My hope is that you give them a try too, and that Right Toyota, John and all the other members of their family enjoy nothing but success in the Valley for a long time to come.\n\nThank you John, and Right Toyota, my day today is a bit brighter and definitely more environmentally, economically, and spiritually friendly... thanks to your friendship and invaluable help:-).