This is a new little spot that is off the grid. I am always rooting for the little guys so I was happy to see that this little spot opened up. \nHere we go.....\nStopped in real quick to grab a menu. It is a very small menu. Not just small meaning not a lot of choices, small in like it is physically small. No explanations on how the choices are prepared. Example: Burrito. That's it. Hurrache, never had one, just thought it was a shoe. I had to look it up online to see what it was. I like to know what I'm ordering. I went to the website ( happy to see they have one) and still no descriptions.\nDecided to give it a try because I really want them to strive. People put a lot of hard work into opening a business. Word of mouth is the best way to get business.\nPros: \nThey deliver! I always wondered why Mexican food places don't deliver. This is a plus.\nThe place is a cute little spot. \nIt's clean with lots of seating.\nPlenty of easy parking.\nThe people working were nice.\nPrices are comparable.\nThe food has a nice presentation.\nI don't want to dwell on the taste of the food cuz' it is just my opinion of preference.\nMy main gripe is the hot sauce (salsa). The red sauce tastes like it is a ketchup base. The green sauce had a back taste that threw me off.\nThe food itself wasn't bad, just needed a little more flavor that good hot sauce could help.\nWe ordered a flour tostada. It ended up being taco salad-like (not a complaint). More lettuce would have been great. Got it with shredded chicken. It was good. The chicken had a different kind of flavor. The beans were good.\nBreakfast burrito. When I ordered it they didn't seem too sure of what came in it so they asked me what I wanted in it. Egg, cheese, potato and bacon. What bacon?? Scrambled eggs. French fries aka potatoes? Ok, I can deal with that. Seemed more like an egg and potato burrito with a pinch of bacon. Again good tasting salsa would've helped.\n3 taco combo plate comes with 3 tacos(choice of meat) rice, beans and a drink (canned soda). Chose fried pork. No complaint. Decent. Good salsa would have been a good topper.\nCarne Asada wet burrito. I didn't taste it, but was told that it was not something he would try again. He said it was bland. No real flavor.\nNot sure if I will ever go back again. I was really hoping to like this place. I'll have to stick to my old faithful when wanting Mexican food ( which is a lot).\nAgain, just my opinion.\nTry it. It might be a place you've been looking for.\nFree delivery within 2 miles - major Pro.