I'm not seeing a way for me to comment on the prior awful review so I'll do it here.\n\nI can totally understand your frustration upon arriving at a place so full of lovely things, so well organized and tempting, yet being told they are closed.  Yes, that's annoying, but I suspect the hours are marked on the door.  Shame on the two women working there for not locking you out prior to your arrival, but come on, what about your manners in saying, \"Oh sorry, I'll be back when I have more time to shop. What are your hours?\"  That would have been a classy move on your part.  Have you ever worked for a living, especially retail? The women working may have children to pick-up or appointments to keep and couldn't stick around while you lazily shop and 'may' buy something.  I can't speak for their rudeness but I can speak to your seeming lack of empathy.\n\n Whether it's the San Diego locations, or the Glendale location, there are always pretty new things in the window and a sales rack near the front door. Way to tempting!  The clothes are inexpensive, yes they may be knock offs, but for the one season the clothing is in fashion the prices are great for me. LOL  This is my go-to place for accessories. LOVE it!\n\nI've been to the Hillcrest & Del Mar location in the San Diego area too and they are all laid out the same way. Color coordinated clothing grouped together, lots of accessories and jewelry.  Wonderful ever-changing selections.\n\nPlease do NOT let the prior review color your idea about these wonderful little shops.  Maybe customer service wasn't at it's best when Rebecca visited, but it only proves she was seeing lots of things she wanted to explore but wasn't permitted.   I suggest if you're in the neighborhood stop by and judge for yourself. If you do have problems contact the owner.  I know she'll want to hear about your experience and work to correct it.  She's a real dynamo!\n\nIf you want more proof, go check the reviews for the San Diego.\nI doubt YELP will allow this link to stand, so if it's not below then simply search Pretty Please, San Diego (I think there are a total of 4 locations)