DONT LIVE HERE!!!!!!!!! LITERALLY MY WORST NIGHTMARE. \nFirst off, the employees in the office are all young college students who dont know what is going on half the time. And aren't the friendliest. The security guards that are supposed to be \"protecting\" the complex just hangout with the college kids and tell them where all the \"big\" parties are. They're no help what so ever. Ive called them multiple times and they dont do anything about noise complaints. They are no help at all. The complex is extremely noisy all the time everyday of the week. And it doesnt help that the walls are paper thin, you can literally hear everything your neighbor does.The office actually told me when I moved in that the walls were fairly sound proof which is a complete lie... the people that lived aboved me were constantly blasting theie music early hours in the morning and late hours of the night. I finally called security which did nothing, then called the cops a few days after. Their music was turned down for a good 3 days. Then started up again which was even louder then before. I then told the office and they said they would take care of it. Which of course they didnt. I then begged for one of the managers to come into my bed room to see how loud it actually was. Still did nothing. I then called the cops again and my neighbors got so angry with me that they harassed me by dumping theie trash on my front poorch, stealing my plant, door mat, and other little things on my back patio. I complained to the office and once again did nothing. Then one night I was home alone and someone tried breaking Into my house. They were wearing all red with a red bandana covering their face. (I knew this because I looked through the peek hole.) They even tried climbing up my balcony on the second story and tried opening my back door. Which was luckly locked. I contacted the cops, and the office. I told the office I wanted to move out as soon as possible because I no longer feel safe in my own home. They told me I cant get out of my lease unless I find someone else to take over the lease, why the heck would I want to put anyone else in this dangerous situation?! They do not care about their customers. They only want your money. If they would have handled this situation in the first place it never would have turned out so badly. The entire complex is mostly people that dont even go to ASU most of them are gangbangers that just want to party all the time. if you are a parent reading this and deciding if your child should live here or not. DONT. Its so unsafe. And cops are constantly all over the building arresting kids. I think the only positive thing I have to say about it is the repair men come really quickly!