I can not believe the glowing reviews this place has.  I had the worst experience with my first prenatal visit. This is my second pregnancy so I know what good prenatal care is.\n\nI arrived 15 minutes early to my appointment but spent nearly two hours in the office! The only person that seemed competent here was the ultrasound tech from Valley Perinatal.  She was friendly and reviewed everything with the baby. We were very pleased. Then, even though it was my appointment time (10-15 minutes after the appointment time ) I was told to wait back in the waiting room. The place doesn't have enough rooms? After maybe another 10-15 minutes we finally went back in only to wait another 10 minutes for the doctor to finally come in.  \n\nDr. Martin seemed OK until I started asking her basic, common pregnancy symptoms questions. Her responses just showed that she was inexperienced and not knowledgeable. She gave me the wrong info on how much DHA I should be taking and then didn't know what Prilosec was. She fell short of answering my questions. She never reviewed the ultrasound or determined my due date. My husband even agreed that she didn't seem very competent.  How is she in this profession?  She also had no personality.   She wasted time and rambled on about not eating sushi or going in a hot tub....stuff you should already know - heard of Babycenter emails and articles? She did not make any efficient use of the appointment time. \n\nAfter being in the office for nearly 90 minutes, I was tired and hungry.  But, she asked if I had done blood work.  NO! I was sitting around waiting for her that I hadn't.  This is where everything went downhill.  The lady that did my blood draw was HORRIBLE!  I think she was from LabCorp She starting drawing blood and I started to get this weird pain. So, she quickly switched to the other arm without even checking if I was OK! She started drawing blood from my left arm and that's when I started screaming in pain. My whole arm went numb! She must of hit nerve twice! I felt like I was going to pass out!  I have NEVER experienced such a bad blood draw. No problems at all with my first pregnancy. This lady didn't know what she was doing. My arm was sore and tingling for at least 5 days after.\n\nI changed offices the same day. There is definitely better care out there. This office seems like it is not established enough and had no structure at all to the prenatal visit. They use a yahoo.com email address for communication.\n\nAlso, should mention that I called the office today and they hung up at least 5 times!! I just wanted to confirm that they transferred my medical records. The girl answered and then hung up on me. I called back a few more times she put me on hold without even saying hello.  Finally, someone else answered and took care of me.  What is wrong with this place?