It's a mystery to me for why I've never eaten here in all my years in Scarborough. However, with Market Village being replaced by Remington Mall, my friends and I decided to give it a go this weekend. \n\nWe ordered a lo mein with beef brisket and wontons, a noodle soup with dumplings, a noodle soup with beef brisket and wontons, and a plain ol' wonton soup.  All the items have a similar composition; you get the same broth, you choose your toppings, and you choose your noodles (skip this if you're just getting soup). Therefore, I suspect that if you don't like the soup, you may not want to bother trying another dish because it will taste more or less the same. There is a small chance of this happening, however, because the broth is so light yet flavourful that it's hard to imagine anyone being intolerant to it. \n\nWhen ordering, you will also get to choose your choice of noodles (egg\/rice noodles).  I highly recommend getting the rice noodles as they soak in the flavour of the broth very well and enhance the dish with their soft, slippery texture.  \n\nFurthermore, everything is priced between 5-8 dollars, so with their medium-sized portions, you will get a fair price to portion ratio here.  You won't break the bank, even if you decide to order two dishes for yourself.  Just keep in mind that you will get 3-4 wontons\/dumplings in the noodle soups and lo mein, and you will get 5-6 wontons\/dumplings in the soups.  Their wontons and dumplings are decently sized, but I believe that the cooks are a little stingy with the low number of pieces that they put into your dish.  I mean, it's always a little disheartening to eat a dish that is 90 percent carbs with little of everything else.\n\nThe dumplings and wontons are definitely show-stoppers here. There is nothing disagreeable with the wontons and the dumplings have so much mushroom and skin that they have an adoringly juicy and slippery texture.  Just note that some people may not like the dumplings because, like my bf, they may not be mushroom lovers. \n\nI really wanted to love this place, but there are a few red flags that I just can't ignore. Firstly, I found plastic in my noodle soup last weekend. I assume that it came off of the package for the noodles. Combined with the dirty washrooms and the unkept furniture, I honesty don't think you should expect much from their food handling standards.  Secondly, unlike the dumplings and wontons, the noodles taste and feel cheap, making it very likely that all the noodles are packaged and ordered cheaply in bulk.  I'll give them a thumbs up for their light, heart-warming broth and another for their dumplings that appeal to mushroom lovers like me. However, I will probably not return; my stomach churns at the memory of scooping up the plastic from my soup...