Compliments of Groupon I was introduced to Fuego Bistro sometime last year and had the best experience.  The food there is over the top and amazing.........but what stood out to me is the owner came running to our table after we ordered a bottle of wine off the menu and offered us something not on the menu for the same price.  He insisted that he would personally drink it if we did not like it.....we LOVED it, and his passion for his food!  With that and a few more amazing experiences at the Bistro, I was stoked when I saw the Tacos concept pop up.  Again Groupon pulled through with a crazy deal and I had to try it.  Most of the slow-braised meats from the Bistro have migrated over and make amazing tacos that are extremely well proportioned with rice and beans included for about $10, you cannot beat this deal!  \n\nThe wine list at Fuego Tacos follows the same formula as the Bistro with a focus in S. America and always an interesting Malbec! The beer selection is good and the service has been spot on every time I have gone.  My only critic is that the salsa has been inconsistent from my first visit.  Some days are better than others, but being a frequent visitor it is evident they are tweaking the recipe (I personally would vote for a spicier red traditional salsa as well as an optional charred salsa to compliment the slow cooked meats).  \n\nI have been fortunate to watch this place grow up over the month and with each visit it is obvious that the owner listens and fixes.  My family has had a couple restaurants so I know how difficult it is to watch 2 locations and try to get your passion across to each patron when you cannot be in two places at once. Jeff does an amazing job, his kitchen staff puts out some of the best food for the money and the service staff could not be more friendly and accommodating.  I cannot wait to see what the Fuego Family does next (maybe a food truck for events?) and wish them ongoing success!  Oh, don't forget to try the cream corn, it is ridiculous!