So, a little preface; our 17 year old daughter really wanted to get a couple tattoos during an upcoming trip to Las Vegas. Since she is very picky about most everything in her life regarding its quality, style, artistic merit etc. she had been researching local (California) ink artists and found a shop that had several artists that produced the style of her desired artwork. Problem was, in California minors less than 18 yrs. cannot legally be tattooed - even with parental consent. Sure, there are shops that will do it but not the reputable establishments and those were the waters my daughter's choice of artists swam in...\n\nNevada, on the other hand, does allow 17 year olds with parental consent to get tattooed. So, after yelping, Facebooking and instagramming shop after shop and finding that even in Nevada some shops, by choice, refrain from tattooing minors; we found Reverent Tattoo.\nHowever, Reverent Tattoo is mostly appointment service and we were down to a couple days before the Las Vegas trip. I texted Reverent Tattoo and began conversing with Michelle about an appointment. My daughter liked two Reverent Tattoo artist's work she checked out online. One artist was out of town while we were going to be there. The other artist was Joseph - the proprietor, who runs Reverent Tattoo with Michelle, his wife. Joseph is in high demand. I fully understand why, now that I have met him, watched him work and viewed the results. But I'm getting ahead of myself...\n\nAnother problem: Michelle said Joseph was booked up until April, 2016! She asked to see the proposed artwork as there was a slight chance we could be squeezed into Joseph's schedule the Saturday afternoon of our arrival in Las Vegas. After Michelle [and Joseph] checked out the artwork, they felt it would be less than a two-hour session. So Michelle squeezed my daughter in for an appointment.\n\nWhen we arrived that Saturday, my wife, daughter and I were greeted by Michelle and found Joseph working on the stencil for the tattoo. We gathered around the table and everyone began talking and getting to know each other. Immediately, we were all comfortable with Joseph and Michelle's personalities and dispositions. Our daughter was worried about the discomfort during and after the work especially with it occurring on the front-end of our 4-day stay in Las Vegas. She was reassured that everything would be fine.\n\nWhen Joseph finished his variation on the artwork my daughter wanted; to say he made an improvement on it would be an understatement. Joseph re-imagined it. He added beauty, depth and complex intricacies that enhanced the overall effect! WOW! We were all blown away. Also, the speed at which Joseph actually produced the tattoo was astonishing! This was despite him saying he purposely made an extra effort by using three needles to really produce razor sharp detail in the design! Our daughter easily handled the first tattoo on her forearm so she went ahead with the small Latin script she wanted on her side. That work was done so quickly and cleanly that we were, once again, amazed by Joseph's skill and artistry!\n\nSo, if you are considering some ink and are in Las Vegas; do yourself a favor and try to get an appointment at Reverent Tattoo. Joseph, who I can personally vouch for, is amazing (if available) but, judging by their work; Austin, Josh and Pelon are all extremely capable artists and wouldn't be there if they weren't top-notch! Joseph has been on the local scene for many years and it shows. His shop and staff are all personable and friendly. There's nothing intimidating or offensive so it's an appropriate establishment for everyone from every walk of life or belief system. Oh, I forgot to mention, my daughter is vegan and all Reverent Tattoo ink is vegetable-based and vegan! \n\nSidebar: I asked Joseph about tattooing minors and I didn't expect to hear what he came back with. Simply, Joseph offers services to minors with parental consent because in his experience, if a minor can't get a legitimate artist to do the work, they often times end up with a friend or some \"hobbyist\" doing the work. The result is less than desirable and since it's permanent it's a real shame to look at that work later and see someone so unhappy. At best they end up having to do a cover-up to minimize the damage done. By agreeing to legally work on minors, the result is world class and appreciated by all for a lifetime! No regrets...\n       \nIn closing there's one last thing to remember: The brief high you may get from an inexpensive tattoo will be long gone when compared to the lifetime of regret you'll experience by having to look at it forever. You get what you pay for.