Score another five-star review for the incomparable Little Miss BBQ. The brilliance of the owners to bring authentic Texas BBQ to a market that offers little in the way of truly excellent 'Q cannot be overstated. While Little Miss could certainly hold her own in the Mecca of BBQ that is Texas, no one in the valley can hold a candle, or perhaps a smoker, to her offerings.\n\nI'll start with the establishment itself. Being located in an industrial part of town, near the airport, would seem to be an inauspicious sign. However, just as one cannot judge a book by it's cover, so too can one not judge BBQ by it's location. The building itself is small, only offering about a half-dozen tables inside for consuming their bountiful meat. Outside, there is a larger patio area with picnic tables to provide sufficient seating for patrons of the establishment. The parking is quite cramped but very well organized with a system in place to ensure that waiting for a spot won't cost you a place in line. I recommend arriving about 45 minutes to an hour before opening time to ensure yourself the best possible experience and full access to all the menu offerings - the meat can tend to go quick!\n\nThe meat itself is impressive. I highly recommend ordering the brisket for your first visit. Fatty or lean, it does not matter, both carry an excellent flavor with perfect trimming, moist texture, and accentuated by a delightful, smoky char. You need not worry about any inedible bites or excess fat that was not trimmed. The Jefe is also an excellent first-time choice as it features either brisket or pork paired with sausage on a bun. Pork and sausage aren't quite my tempo, but both are above-average and perfectly satisfying for regular connoisseurs. \n\nPerhaps the only deduction I could assign Little Miss is their sides. While the jalapeño cheddar grits are excellent, especially for grits-lovers, the other sides leave a bit to be desired. The potato salad has improved since I first started visiting, but the coleslaw and beans have a ways to go to match the quality of the meat. That said, no one comes to a BBQ joint for good beans, so I hardly see this as being too large of a negative.\n\nFinally there is the service. The people at Little Miss BBQ are wonderful. Warm, friendly, and passionate are how I would best describe them. They love their BBQ and they know you will too.