After traveling so much I decided to come spend a week with my son and we ended up choosing Crepe Delicious for lunch. I have to say, going during the lunch rush was probably not the best idea. We had time, so we decided to wait in line anyway, which literally took 20 minutes. I wasn't too overwhelmed because we are only human and the cashier seemed to be moving as fast as she could. I ordered the Chicken Bombay Burrito with bombay fries and a drink. My total was over $10, which was not too bad considering the amount of food I ended up getting. I do think it is expensive for a student, though. \n\nAfter I ordered I was told to wait on the other side until my order came out. My son and I both stood there, we were quite hungry at this point. I observed as the cook, there was only one, prepared the food. The cook seemed really tired and stressed out, but he was still moving quickly trying his best to finish every order promptly. What really bothered me was when a man with glasses came over to the cook and began to argue with him. I honestly felt really bad for the cook because he was already working alone, which has to be tough because there was a fairly big crowd waiting to pick up their food. The man with glasses, which was clearly the person in authority, scratched his head right in front of the grill. He then began to put fries without ever washing his hands or putting gloves on. He also walked over to the young lady at the register and asked her to serve the beverages and make some fries. I clearly saw when the cashier tried to put some gloves on to make the fries and the man with glasses told her NOT TO PUT ANY GLOVES ON. \n\nA this point, we had been waiting for a total of 35 minutes and seeing everything that was going on I felt really disturbed. I think the man with glasses, who turned out to be the OWNER, has no respect for his employes, nor his establishment. He had a strong Indian accent which led me to believe that he is not originally from this country. He clearly does not know the rules and regulations that come along with owning a business. As a parent, I am shocked that the university allows this place to be open with this kind of service and if I knew were I could file a complaint against everything I saw, then I would totally do it. There is no customer service and although the food was good, I will never go back to this place.