I saw a flyer for Two Dads and a Dog posted in my neighborhood.  I was intrigued.  We never had a dog walker before, but it was something to keep in mind.\n\nWe first contacted Two Dads and a Dog so I could get help with our two dogs when my spouse had to travel for business for over a month in the fall of 2016.  I work full-time and felt like I could use the extra help during my husband's absence.\n\nThe stint went so well that we decided to continue to use the service.  Once a day during the weekdays, Mike comes to our house and takes the dogs outside for a walk and also plays with them.  I get a text with a report after the visit, and often I am delighted by the addition of a photo of one or both of my precious pups.\n\nI really see a difference in our dogs.  I think before Two Dads and a Dog, our dogs slept a lot during the day, as one would expect.  They just seem happier now - more playful and energetic.  I feel like it's really made an important difference in their quality of life.  They deserve the best!\n\nMy husband and I like to travel.  Our dogs are now 9 and 13, so when we do go, we like having a pet sitter stay at our house with them so their regimen is not disrupted.  Mike is one of the best pet sitters that we've ever had.  Communication with him, while we are gone, is always good.  He understands that our older dog is aging and requires special attention.  This is no issue to him.  Their routine, for the most part, aside from our presence, continues seamlessly while we are away.  When we return, it feels like we never left them.  They know Mike, we know Mike, and we trust him implicitly!\n\nOn occasion, if Mike cannot make a visit, he has coverage.  He has had others who are part of his team accompany him to meet our dogs, get to know their routine, so there is a backup if needed.\n\nI am very happy that we met Mike and Luis of Two Dads and a Dog.  I can't adequately express how appreciative I am for their kindness and professionalism.  They've made an indelible impact on our lives.  I recommend them and their services without reservation.