I have been coming to Michael's with my parents since I was a small child. It was always a special event, usually while on a weekend trip in from Southern California. Back then, Michael's was located at the Barbary Coast Hotel, which closed back in early 2007. The old Barbary Coast is now the obnoxious Bill's Gamblin Hall and Saloon. So when Bill's came in, Michael's left. They then relocated to the South Point Hotel and Casino, further south on the Strip. (The old owner of the Barbary owned the South Point too). In truth,  I was anxious to hear that they were moving to a new location at the South Point. I was happy it was still going to be around, but secretly worried that they would not be able to maintain or recreate the old school Vegas feeling and ambiance they had when it was located inside the Barbary. \n\nI was proven wrong. If you read reviews on here that bash the way that Michael's looks, stuff like...\"It hasn't been updated since the 1970s,\" blah blah....um, excuse me...it's like that on PURPOSE.  When it was moved from the old location, pretty much everything, and I mean, EVERYTHING was carefully placed to mimic the way it looked for all those decades at the old Barbary Coast. Right down to the beautiful glass dome in the middle of the restaurant and the front door. The whole idea of Michael's is to transform you back to a time when dining out in Vegas was an event. Here, the Ladies do not receive a menu with prices on it. Only the Gentlemen do. This is the type of meal where there are so many rich, savory taste experiences, you have a champagne sherbet in between courses to cleanse your palette. And don't forget the fruit bowl, chocolate, and fruit petit fours that come after the meal, along with multicolored sugar crystals for your after dinner coffee or tea. Excited yet?\n\n Michaels has all that and more. The best, largest, juiciest filet you will ever eat. If you love seafood, the Florida stone crab is flown in daily and NOT to be missed. The claws are gigantic.  The Sea Bass is perfection. I also love the spinach salad they prepare for you table side, complete with hot bacon and vinaigrette dressing. And please don't forget dessert. My mom and I swoon over the Cherries Jubilee every time. But if cherries are not your thing, you can pick something like Bananas Foster or one of 10 or so fresh mouthwatering desserts from the pastry cart. \nThe service is top notch. Your captain and Maitre d will wait on you hand and foot,  (without being pushy or overbearing) and make you feel like family. And that's exactly how my family feels about Russell and Jose, who work there.They are family. So much so, that my husband and I celebrated our small wedding night dinner here with my parents last December. \nExpect to be there for at least three hours. And as some other reviewers unfortunately found out after it was too late, it is semi dressy\/dressier. So yes, guys, put on a jacket, ok? It's one night, so suck it up. Like I said, it is not dinner, it is an event. And one definitely not to be missed. \nIt is pricey. Know that going in. But you could spend the same or even more on the Strip and not even come close to this experience. You can go to a five star, elegant steak house at the Palms, or the Palazzo, or Mandalay, or even the Wynn. But I can guarantee that these trendier places won't pamper you the way that Michael's does. Those places are into kissing the asses of say, celebs,  and other bigwigs. At Michael's, you don't technically have to be a bigshot to be made to feel like one.\nPerfection.