MYVEGAS REDEMPTION:  Friday- Dinner at 3:30pm\nThere's a lot of hate on this buffet but it really isn't THAT bad!!! Granted, my bf and I both redeemed a dinner for \"free\" through MyVegas so it was FREE AND I came in with super low expectations after reading all the awful yelp reviews. \n\nNote: if you're planning on going to Vegas, get you and your other to start playing MyVegas on both Facebook and your smartphones early. Both of you should redeem for 1-Dinner Buffet separately (26k-loyalty points) vs 2-Dinner Buffets (91k). It's def not worth spending your 91k LP!  We noticed it would sell out each day, so we redeemed it through Facebook about a week before we went, once we knew we were going to go. After you redeem it, MyVegas sends you an email to the one linked to your FB. Keep this email until you get to the buffet; it has your redemption code.\n\nWe stayed at Bally's and walked down to the MGM.  I thought it was closer than it really was but it's doable and not that bad. We walked into the first side entrance we found (you'll see a starbucks sign). \n\nGo to the MLIFE counter right across from the buffet. It was super easy; have your redemption code\/email and driver's license out to give to the receptionist. She was super nice, took maybe 5-10 mins (I also needed to get my MLIFE card actually printed out). She puts your buffet pass on the MLifecard. \n\nGive your MLIFE card and ID to the cashier and they'll swipe it and give you a receipt. Since you're redeeming for free you can't tip there so leave cash at the end. This buffet was one of the few that we could redeem for dinner on the weekend so we shared a small brunch and headed over to eat here as our lunch\/dinner. \n\nThere was no line at 3:30pm, though we did wait about 5 -10 mins because our hostess asked if we wanted to wait for a booth to be cleared. She let us get food first. The room was pretty empty and the food was just freshly getting put out so it was pretty awesome timing.  They had both cold and hot crab legs. TBH, they're both about the same to me. I totally missed it but they have the crab fork to help you get the crab out right next to the hot crab legs. I wish I saw that before I started (and wish I took it with me to Bachannal the day after haha) I ate mostly the cold ones and got a couple of oysters. Everything was surprisingly fresh!!  Maybe cause they JUST put it out but I was impressed at the quality. Unlike other reviews, neither of us got sick. Again, I went in with LOW expectations. \n\nI almost missed the made to order steak too. (Available Fri and Sat dinner).  There's a guy cooking them right next to the grilled onions and peppers that were laid out. I got a medium rare and it was pretty spot on. A little tough but hey it's not a steakhouse! Good timing too since he already had steaks going; otherwise I imagine if I came a few mins later, they'd be well done. I asked our waitress for some steak sauce when we sat down.  Those onions and peppers were so good!!!! My bf loved his clams and prime rib; again perfect medium rare! I also got some of the lasagna, guacamole, Caesar salad - they were all good and I finished all of it.  \n\nSKIP: sushi (mushy rice), shrimp ceviche (half a biter. spat it out. nasty!), pizza (alright but full from steak)\n\nDESSERTS: We basically got almost everything and took a bite out of each one. I really liked the caramel looking soft thing and my strawberry shortcake w\/whip cream was alright too. I finished both of those. Most of the deserts in the plastic shot glasses were a \"one biter\". \n\nSERVICE: Everyone was so friendly and we had amazing service. Our waitress came by to check in just in enough times for refills and what not (I hate when servers never come so you're dying of thirst but also hate it when servers are constantly asking if you need anything so you're like ughhh)\n\nThis was my first Vegas buffet so I didn't have anything to compare it to. We went to Bachannal for Sat dinner so I understand why people are so harsh on this buffet after you've eaten at those places. BUT I would still come back with the FREE MyVegas comp. That steak & onions, prime rib, crab legs and oysters were worth it! You can't beat free! :)