Cervelo finally stood by their warranty. \n\nIn short, I have a crack on my frame and they \"looked at my claim and have concluded it was my fault and not in workmanship or materials.\" All I want is someone from Cervelo to actually care and look at my bike. I work at a very large company and sometimes there are error's in manufacturing so why they won't look at my actual bike is beyond me. I live near numerous Cervelo reps and have offered to take it anywhere they desire. However, they won't even respond to the offer. Even though they told my bike shop they would reach out to me. It honestly seems like the local team is pushing this aside and they just don't care. They got their money. Quickly about me. I have only been cycling for 2 years but both of my brothers have been riding for 30+ years. I finally tried it out and I am the biggest fan and now an ambassador for the sport. Plus as an added benefit for work it \"is the new golf.\" I work a lot. Flying on planes, sitting in traffic, and sitting at my desk. Cycling gets me to move my legs and to be mentally and physically present. I love it. Both Brothers have Cervelo's and speak VERY highly enough about the brand. So I got a brand new 2013 Cervelo S5, Di2 and put on Zipp 404s. Plus I have 3 Cervelo riding clothing kits. (When I get into something I am all in). I actually already had one warranty issue and with this bike and the rear tire (only 23's) where rubbing. Cervelo was great and gave me a \"new\" frame (so they say). So the frame I am talking about above is only from this year (Jan 2015). I brought it to a Carbon fiber repair shop and immediately after seeing it they said the frame I had was not 100% new and was previously fixed (and not that good). You could feel the difference in paint. I let Cervelo know and once again they do not care and do not want to see the bike. The shop is now fixing the bike and once they sanded the paint off the cracked area and it looks like the bike was broken, then the crack filled with filler and the paint touched up (not that good). Pics attached. Personally, I am done going in circles and Cervelo not even taking the time to look at the frame My brothers have been helping me out with this claim and they will never get another Cervelo. None of our friends or colleagues will now get a Cervelo. Bikes are expensive and I am sure others may have had great experiences. This is just my personal experience. This is the worst experience I have ever had with any company.