I completely agree with the other reviews about this salon, they were HORRIBLE. I was given the Groupon for the Gel Manicure and Spa Pedicure and I was excited to try a new place. The process of trying to book an appointment is impossible. They don't answer the phone and they are booked for weeks in advance. The day of my appointment I had walked in and there was no one to be seen. I started to walk around and I eventually found someone and asked if I was supposed to sign in. She responds, \"I'll be right there\". I walked back to the front and she came up to help me. When she asked for my groupon she was very demanding. I was a little uneasy at this point. She asked if I had gels already on my nails and I told her there was barely anything left on my nails but I did have them on my toes. Her response, \" Wow...awesome...\". I was skeptical with evening going through with the appointment now. She told me to go find a color, so I did so. She set up the pedicure spa for me and I sat down. The technician had stepped away for a moment and out of the blue some other lady came over to me. No greeting or nothing, she goes on to tell me how it's my fault that I did not inform them that I had gels on my nails to begin with. She continued on saying that now, \"this is going to take a longer to do since they have to wait for my gels to come off and that the technician is now going to lose her next client and won't be getting paid...and that they are also charging me a removal fee for the gels that will now cost me $20\". She is yelling and arguing with me about how I am \"inconveniencing\" them terribly. I told her it was not my fault that they were unable to follow through on their end and find out the information they need to know in order to book appointments accordingly. At this point I was furious and did not want any service done.\n\nTo top off this \"great\" experience, this mani and pedi took 3.5 HOURS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \n\nOn my way out I had tipped the technician on my own. The rude lady had rung me up for the difference that I owed and asked, \" are you leaving a tip on here or what?\" I told her politely that I already gave it to her and she says, \" okay good\". \n\nThis was THE worst experience ever. Customer service should be taken seriously because you cannot run a business if you do not know how to talk to be nicely. I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone ever. It was the biggest waste of time and money and I wish for no one to ever go through that.