I'm being generous by giving out three stars.\n\nEnvironment:\nThe buffet is located through the casino (of course) and right near the guest elevators. You have to wait in (a longggg) line and then they shuttle you off to a table. Like any other buffet, you sit down, order drinks, and move towards the plates. Yet, on this special day, as I sat down, I immediately felt sticky goo on my legs. Why would I feel this, you ask? Oh, only because there was SYRUP ALL OVER MY CHAIR! When I stood up, my dress was sticking to the chair and my legs were covered in goo. Disgusting. The waiter\/bus boy simply handed me a wet towel (am I supposed to wipe down the chair myself?) and told me he would send over a manager. I peeled myself off the chair, of course the syrup all over my dress, and had to go back to my room and change. LUCKILY, I was staying at the Bellagio. What if I hadn't been staying there? Would I have to take a taxi with syrup all over me? After changing and coming back to the buffet, thirty minutes had already passed, and I had tickets to a show in less than an hour. Therefore, my $40 dinner was clearly not going to be worth it for me; who spends less than an hour at a buffet?? Did they refund me my dinner? No. They just offered to dry clean my dress.\n\nFood:\nThe food is OKAY. The prime rib was juicy and tender, but they were stingy with the end cuts, the horseradish was not very spicy, and their au jus was too salty. The turkey was dry and only good because of their cranberry sauce that I poured over the meat (their cranberry sauce is good but could use more cloves\/orange peel). The pesto mashed potatoes were my favorite, but I realized I was just filling up on carbs and had to save room for bigger and better things. The crab legs had lemon already squeezed on them - don't they realize not everyone likes lemon on their crab? The crab did not taste that fresh to me...a bit too fishy and not like the sea. Perhaps the lemon was to hide the non-freshness...? I tried their pesto chicken pasta and it was WAY too salty! I couldn't have more than one bite. The sweet potato puree had too much orange juice\/flavoring or whatever they add. The sushi was definitely NOT fresh and probably only deserves one or two stars (please compare to A'Float Sushi). The salmon sushi was dry (how can raw fish be dry? how long was it sitting there?) and tasted like old sushi. Same goes for the albacore sushi. The only good thing from their raw fish\/\"Asian\" section was the salmon poke not because the salmon quality was good (although it was better than the sushi's) but because the sauce was good. The dessert was the best part because they have a nice selection of sweet treats. The key lime was good, but the carrot cake was disappointing (too dry!).\n\nWhy three stars?\nOverall, the food at the Bellagio buffet is decent: the prime rib deserves five stars but their sushi only deserves one star. The service was crappy, but I feel like that is the overall experience at the Bellagio (the guest service wasn't that great at the Bellagio, but that's another review).