I was excited to try Tandoori Times as good Indian good food can be hard to come by here in Arizona.  I was even more encouraged when I walked in and found an almost exclusively Indian (appearing) clientele.  To begin, the service was a little off.  There was maybe 10 people in the restaurant yet we waited a full five minutes or so for a greeting.  When he did come by, he asked if we were ready to order and I looked at him and said, \"You know, we might need to look at the menus first.\"  Perhaps he's used to \"regulars.\"  Anyway, we began with the Onion Bhaji, essentially an Indian version of onion rings, and Raita, a cucumber, potato, mint and yogurt sauce.  The Onion Bhaji looked good in all its fried glory, but was so heavily battered my wife and I both felt ill after trying a few pieces.  You could not taste the onion at all.  Major disaster.  The waiter began to redeem himself by noticing that we had hardly touched it and offered to take it off the menu.  The Raita was fresh and flavorful but didn't exactly fit with anything we ordered and a recommendation of what to eat it with would have been helpful.  We also ordered the Naan and simply put it was killer---hot, light, wonderful.  First score at Tandoori TImes.  My wife ordered the Chicken Makhani and one sampling of the sauce had us both oohing and ahhing at its rich, buttery flavor.  Nothing to say here again but killer.  I ordered the Lamb Korma, and though I found the dish to be decent, it was just very plain when compared to other Indian dishes I have had that just burst with varied bold flavors.  I also asked that it come spicy (6 out of 10) but instead it came with NO spice at all, while my wife's dish came pretty hot and was supposed to be mild.  I wouldn't order again but it may be right up someone else's alley.  FInally, we ordered a plate of rice to accompany our meals.  The rice looked and tasted like it had been sitting around since yesterday (and maybe it was!).  My wife grew up on rice and loves it more than she loves me, so when she frowns at the sight and scowls at the taste of the rice, it is bad rice.  I could justify giving Tandoori Times less than three stars but something tells me another visit may render us happier customers.  I'll try it again, but only one more time before I chalk it up to \"just another Indian place\" where the food and service simply fall short.