HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!! My bridal party is purchasing their bridesmaid gowns from Brides by Demetrios in Lyndhurst, Ohio. My sister, one of my bridesmaids, had to call in her payment for her gown. She did and spoke with Kim and gave her all payment information. After my sister and Kim hung up, Kim called her back and told her that she accidentally charged my sister the wrong amount, would be voiding that and putting in payment again for the correct amount. Kim put in the incorrect amount again and then finally charged her the correct amount. My sister checked her online bank account that same day and saw that there were a total of 3 charges. She called the store and told them that and spoke to the manager, Emily. Emily said she would look into it. She called my sister back and Emily told my sister that she was absolutely wrong and that there were not 3 charges and that it must be her bank charging her 3 times. My sister called her bank and the bank said that there were absolutely 3 charges. It went back and forth and finally the bank said they were submitting a claim against Brides by Demetrios. I called Emily myself to talk about my disappointment on the situation and how my sister was spoken to by her. Emily was very rude to me, spoke down to me and was still trying to tell me that it was my sister's banks fault. I told her that my sister's bank account was charged over $700 when it should only have been charged $219. Emily's response to me was, \"I know we have had some minor issues with your order.\" I told Emily that this was not a minor issue and didn't like how she made the situation sound like it was minor. I asked to speak with the district manager and finally did after me asking Emily and calling corporate. Emily's customer service left my sister and me feeling horrible. The district manager told me she addressed Emily about her behavior, but I don't want anyone else to have to deal with this type of situation again. The district manager ordered my sister extra fabric in case the dress that was ordered didn't fit, which was nice. But, she told me that she would look into have my sister's dress reduced in price. I haven't heard from her again in over a week about that. I want my sister's dress completely paid for at the expense of Brides by Demetrios.