Me and my boyfriend are pretty big meat eaters. As well as being fans of things fried and greasy. After eating two gigantic gut busting rotis from Gandhi the other day and having the diet that would make anyone cringe we decided we needed a serious break from routine before we set ourselves on a mean path of sluggish tiredome for the rest of the week. We decided to cut out meat (even if it was just for lunch). I like my hit of veggies and tofu every now and then to keep things balanced. In fact i grew up eating vegetarian several days out of the year because of our Buddhist household. But I've never been a fan of the western take on vegetarian and vegan cuisine. They always seem to be bad riffs off classic meat dishes or dishes that Asians do amazingly. Most of the time I find it to be over spiced, mushy and lacking in depth or flavor - things that fat and browned proteins lend so well to any dish.  \n\nTo no surprise Fresh includes many these riffs into its menu, and also the problems with vegetarian cooking; from the \"burger\" to Asian-esque brown basmati rice (actually just plain brown rice) bowls featuring coconut curry sauces, pestos, and Thai peanuts sauces. Dosas, tostadas and others for starters. Also, on the reverse side of the menu, an encyclopedia's worth of drinks and smoothies. \n\nTo start we chose the tostada. A thick and crunchy fried tortilla topped with spiced beans, tomatoes, carrots and cilantro. A good tasty starter, but the heap of garnishes was hard to manage. They were piled so high and were unnecessary, spilling everywhere on my lap and table. We left most of the shaved carrots and cilantro on our plates. For our main we shared the BBQ burger, a protein and nut patty topped with quinoa crusted onion rings and BBQ sauce and the Energy Bowl, brown rice with a vegetable stew,with a coconut curry sauce and veggies. The burger we had had before. It was always good, textually varied, and huge. The BBQ sauce was always balanced and the onion rings are still my favorite in the city.\n\nThe Fresh Energy Bowl however conjures up different feelings. It reminded me of what that new-agey 17 year old girl, fresh out of high school , living on her own, with minimal cooking skills, would make for herself at home on a lazy afternoon. Dumping ten fist fulls of cumin into her vegetable stew, raw, without thinking to brown it or even brown her veggies and letting it boil away into oblivion. The mush is then ladled over rice, topped with cucumber and tomato and pea shoots. Finished off with a coconut curry sauce, that looked a little to close to off-white ejaculate. It was a $12 mushy mess. And the surprise to me was that, looking around, most people, for the most part seemed to be eating these bowl things with enthusiasm. These Fresh Bowls which according to the menu were only slightly varied by their ingredients and sauces are baffling popular. Why is this a good idea!? They, to me, are KFC Chicken Bowl's vegetarian equivalent, but at twice the price. Stay away. Stay far far away from these things.\n\nI will come back, but I've learned a lesson I will not repeat.