This Is one of the top places on our list of must eats as we spend our summer in Las Vegas. We live in Japan now, so when we get to come back, we want to see family, friends and to EAT at our favorite places.\n\nUnfortunately, this was a bad night to go and it shouldn't have been. For a Tuesday, this place was really busy and we were happy to see them doing so good. We were seated fairly quickly and the buser\/bring you chips and drinks guys were tops. For as busy as it was, they were hustling. However, for the 30 or 40 tables in the busy place, there was only 1 waiter. A nice enough ol' guy on any other night, but he was far too overwhelmed and they should have made any one of the other 3 front end employees (2 of which, I know have been there for years) a step in waiter to take care of this surprise dinner rush. \n\nAfter several times the waiter passed us by, without even looking in our direction, I finally got up and tracked him down at the service window and told him we had been there quit some time. After a few minutes, he finally remembered to look for us and find our table and we gave him our order. Very simple, very easy, anyone could have managed this task. Later he took my wife's water glass to get her a refill, and we never saw it again, LOL at this point.\n\nNow on to the food. I was commenting on it as we drove there as to how I didn't remember ever having anything I didn't like. Well, tonight, meh!\n\nMy wife ordered the 2 piece chicken dinner. I told her it was a good choice as I've had it many times. Well it came to her a bit more charred than normal and very dry. I ordered the Chicken Frank and it was just ok. A very small portion of chicken (about one flat chicken fingers worth) made the chili relleno look like the star of the show, kinda sad for Chicken Frank.\n\nThe buser\/food runner guys were great and apologetic and also wondering why they weren't tasked to take orders, but it was out of their hands.\nWhen we first arrived, we were really happy to see the ol' place busier than ever; however, tonight's execution was beyond poor. My tip wasn't large, but I hope it all goes to the food runners. \n\nWe have been here many times and will absolutely come back to give it another chance as this is probably the only time we've had a problem with either food or service at this otherwise, and on any other day, stellar example of good Mexican food.