A few months ago, I went to buy a car for my wife to drive so we no longer have to share a vehicle.  I am writing this as a comparison piece to my recent experience purchasing a new car.\n\nFirst off, I really hate buying a new car.  So much so that I haven't really tried to buy one for 13 years.  However, I know the charade that is the sales process.\n\nThe good part with this dealership is there is very little charade.  Rather than having the Wilson, the salesman, bounce back and forth between the manager and rushing us to buy a car, the sales rep just sent us directly to the manager who helped negotiate our final bill.\n\nDuring the test drive, they didn't really promote the obviously bad features of the car namely the GPS navigation system.  The only reason why we have to get it is because of the iSight capability which they were showing some features of.\n\nThere was (almost) no surprise to the cost which I liked.  It just included everything that we would need INCLUDING extended warranty and LEASE PROTECTION (since they understood we were planning to lease the car).  They dissuaded us from getting the rust proofing since we are planning to lease the car to save us costs.\n\nThe manager even helped us save on interest by allowing us to put as much down as possible.  Since we don't have time to manage money in such a short term to make it grow past 3% interest in 3 years.\n\nOnce the deal has been made, there was just one issue that came about.  That is the information for the certified check that they had provided was incorrect so we had to rush back to the bank to get it adjusted.\n\nSince the Subaru Forrester is still made in Japan, we were warned and we had expected it will have a delay to arrive, about 6 weeks.\n\nUpon arrival of the new member of the family, our gas tanks were filled up, the odometer reading was under 10km, so it had barely moved.  It was a nice feeling to see it like that.\n\nWould I buy here again? Probably, just because the other Subaru location with the better salesman (also named Wilson) was in a more inconvenient location, even both dealerships are under the same family.  Wilson from the Eglington Subaru had less of a charade when it comes to sales.\n\nThe only reason I didn't get my car here in the end wasn't because of the sales, but because the car which is safe and has a good quality just didn't match my personality.  However, if you are looking for a good safe car especially for people you care about, get a Subaru.