This resort actually gets 10 stars, I apologize that there weren't enough stars above to give them this. Yelp should really fix that.\n\nIf you love yourself, if you love decadence, if you love to be pampered then you better get yourself to this spa immediately. No, sooner than immediately...NOW.\n\nAs plush and as glam as this gorgeous place is, it is completely absent attitudes and bad service. If there is a review stating something of this kind they obviously got the name of the place wrong. It is simply not true.\n\nI strode in wearing my finest gym wear, having just come from a grueling workout with a hated trainer of mine that shall remain nameless. So, I was sweaty, my hair was crazy, my muscles were beaten up and I looked like I had just been run over by a steam roller. It was then a huge surprise to be greeted like I was dressed appropriately for an upscale spa. \n\nI was shown downstairs, grabbed a key for my locker where a plush robe and slippers were waiting for me. The robe was a little small, but it was so comfy I didn't want to take it off and ask for a larger one. \n\nI had an appointment for a hot stone massage and a facial; microdermabrasion, to be exact. \n\nI had an hour before the massage and an hour between the massage and facial so I decided to take advantage of the rest of the spa offerings. \n\nFirst, the place is stunning. You feel so spoiled just walking through the beautifully designed space. The jacuzzi looks over a stone pool. There is a door to keep the steam out of the space and that makes it so nice. The jets in the jacuzzi are great for sore muscles. I also used the hot sauna (whew, so refreshing!), but the steam room was full so I decided instead to have some water and wander around. \n\nThere is a common area, a side for the men and a side for the women. The shared area is gorgeous and has a huge jacuzzi to mix and mingle. There are also drinks that can be ordered (low-cal!) and food as well. All of it healthy and delicious looking. I didn't order it, but the menu was varied and full of great choices. \n\nNow, to the massage. If you have never had a hot stone massage I suggest you get one. I also suggest you use Chad when you do it. I fell asleep he was so good at giving the massage. I've only done that one other time in the history of my massage getting. Try him, you will not be disappointed!\n\nI got a facial from Ronet, I believe it was (I couldn't read the spelling, I hope I got it right). Wow. I knew microdermabrasion could be painful, but there was only once I had to stop. She is magical with touch! While I was going through the process I almost fell asleep with her too! She massages your arms and neck during the facial and it feels soooo good! She's also SO sweet! I really liked how comfortable she made me feel and how easy it was to get! My face glows today because of her! Thank you!\n\nI am a resident so I got an incredible 20% off, but even without that it was worth every penny! They can expect me back again and again!