January 2015.  We were picked up timely  at the Southpoint Casino at 8am and shuttled to the Vision Air airport to be checked in.  Everything was explained, we were weighed so they could distribute weight on the plane.  Great views out of the small plane made it easy to take amazing photos just using our cell phones in airplane mode.  \n\nWe purchased a few items in the gift shop and they were tagged and ready for us when we returned (gift shop closed before we got back) in a separate room.  Weather was beautiful, we put our headsets on and the narration of what we were looking at and history of Vegas began.  Never been to the Grand Canyon and this was absolutely breathtaking.  When we landed at the GC airport, we went to an overlook for photos in a group with our guide, and then were taken together to eat our box lunch (provided) on the porch of the lodge at the South Rim.\nEverything was explained by the Japanese guide Taka - timing, to stay together, when we would be leaving, etc.  Very organized.   English and interpretation for Asian visitors.\n\nLunch was a choice of sandwich, some fruit, chips and cookies, with water.\n\nWe boarded the bus and went to Mather Point where Taka took us for best photo ops again and kept track of the 17 people on the tour.  The tour bus driver was excellent also and gave us extra tidbits of knowledge about the Canyon, the Mule trains, etc.\n\n2 hours via bus (short bus rides to points) with walking in park to overlooks and taking photos.  Approximately 2pm we were flown back to Vegas and shuttled back to Southpoint with a great shuttle driver.  She gave us a running commentary on all she knew about Vegas (40 yrs of living there).\n\nSo the tour was from about 8am-3pm and well worth it!  The Grand Canyon from the air is absolutely stunning with the red rock, the canyons, striations in the cliff of various colors and the Colorado River was dark rust color from the red dirt.  We flew over Nellis Air Base and saw the military jets lined up and great views of Vegas and other towns in the surrounding area.  Hoover Dam was so impressive and the narration was filled with facts we didn't know.  Great!  \n\nPilots were friendly, ground crew was great - all were just obviously enjoying giving the tour to people.  We tipped the driver, the guide and the shuttle drivers who picked us up and returned us.\nDefinitely worth it!!