This is one of those places on the strip that draws you in with an enticing smell. My brother had mentioned before that the aroma that emits from this establishment will peek your interest and urge you to step inside, and it sure worked on my girlfriend and I. We had no issue drifting in to experience something new.\n\nSomething new in more ways then one. This was the first time I had been anywhere that has a cut down menu after a certain time. The menu was small but not short of intriguing and delicious sounding items. We went with the Fireball Whisky Wings, and Quad Fries. Both items were so good and they gave us so much. \n\nThe food was really good but the condiments were what I have to rave about. The garlic ranch that came with the fries was hands down the best ranch I have ever had. I wish they bottled it and sold it in stores. The quad fries were unique, it was a basket of four different types of fries, waffle, sidewinders, julienne, and crinkle cut, something for everyone. Wings could be ordered in different quantities so we ordered twelve of their Fireball Whisky Wings and these I enjoyed very much. I have a weird thing about eating chicken on the bone but these were cooked so well that the meat slid right off the bone. They tasted as if they were baked, lightly fried and then covered in sauce. The meat was juicy with the outside having a little crisp. Again the dipping sauce was the thing that  had my attention. It was a blue cheese wasabi sauce, weird combination I know. Somehow it worked, spicy and tangy all in one. \n\nThe service here was top notch, I am always afraid to just order a few small items and watch the waiter or waitress roll their eyes in disgust. Since we just wanted a taste of this place, all that was ordered was some wings, fries, a beer, and a soda. The waiter just said \"excellent, let me get this order in right away for you\", no \"anything else?\", or \"did you need a few more minuets to pick out some more items?\". He was perfectly content with our small order. He came back twice to see if our food was good, filled my soda up twice and quickly got us some more of that amazing garlic ranch that we quickly devoured.\n\nNext positive of this place was the decor. The way I described it while sitting there was a rustic sort of American Pickers kind of vibe. A lot of interesting antique items on the walls. A very comfortable night environment, and if you do not like the inside they have a large outdoor patio that overlooks the Vegas street folk. They are not short of televisions either, at least five right around me, and most of the stations were appropriately tuned into cooking shows which was a nice attention to detail. The silverware was beefy heavy metal and the lighting was nice and dim.\n\nI really enjoyed this place. The best part part is enjoying their tasting menu. So when I go back to Vegas in a few months I will get here in time to try something off their full menu. My suggestion is to stop in, enjoy the service, decor, grab a little snack, and for heavens sake try the garlic ranch!