My family have been visited this place more than 5 times because they used to provide tasty food. We went to this place again from downtown all the way to uptown to enjoy our dinner today. However, their food, service, and cleanliness was terrible. And how they treat their customers who complain for their disgusting food was also terrible. \n\nTerrible Food 1\/5\nWe ordered the jajang myeon noodle, sweet and sour pork (tangsuyuk), and spicy seafood noodle (Jambong). Jaajang noodle was soggy and overcooked so that it was hard to eat. Sweet and sour pork was not crispy and crunch and overcooked as well- which means they did not cook when you order it. It has been done before you come to the restaurant. My family was very disappointed because the food was not the same as we visited last time.\n\nUnsanitary dishes 1\/5\nI am wondering they actually pass for the food safety patrol or anything like that because every time I visit there their dishes and cups are dirty. I had to ask the server to change cups or dishes every time. It was not my first time to ask for this but it has not been changed at all. It was very disgusting that I can see red peppers and oil in the dishes. \n\nCustomer service 0\/5\nDon't expect good customer service at this place. The server won't say sorry when you ask to change the dish or complain about the food if there are any problems. When we asked for the bill, we complained about their disgusting food and dirty dishes. The lady who look like a manger in the restaurant said no one complained for their food but only us. NO ONE APPOLOGIES when the customer complained at their food. We stopped complaining about their service and food because we knew that it won't change anything. We just paid the full amount of money including tip (what is the tip for? Isn't it for the service of the restaurant? Yes, we gave them 15% tip for their poor service). \n\nI will never come back to this place and won't recommend this restaurant to anyone. If you really want to go this restaurant, do not expect good service.