One of the BEST Mexican Spots in Charlotte Area....\n\nI'll jump right into the salsa of the matter here - the food was great, the service was great, the ambiance was great, the prices were very reasonable...\n\nFood:  I ordered the giant monster, burrito, which came stuffed with caramelized onions, bell peppers and red rice, I ordered a mix of chicken and steak as I wanted to sample both of the meats.  The waitress was more than happy to accommodate me in this request.  My date ordered the steak quesadillias.  Both of our entrees were delectable and were served to perfection.  I couldn't imagine what more anyone could want from a giant, monster burrito.  It was loaded with meats, both tender and succulent.  In addition the burrito was accompanied with a scoop of sour cream, pico, and guacamole (at my request) and rice.  My date loved the taste her quesadillas and explained that the skirt steak was juicy and tender.\n-We ordered the Coastal Calamari as an appetizer.  It too was amazing.  As a calamari lover, there is nothing worse than tough, overcooked calamari.  SO you can imagine my elation when we received a big plate of warm, tender and not overcooked, calamari!  It included two different types of dipping sauce, a red based marinara-type sauce and another white, \"mystery sauce\" which was also quite tasty.  \n-The chips and salsa are on par with crack in their addictive powers.  The chips are perfect, served warm, fresh and with a dab of salt.  The salsa is also excellent and taste fresh.  The best part is that they bring you as much of each, as you want.  \n\nService:  Our service was excellent.  I could not have asked for more as far as friendliness and promptness.  When we needed water refilled, they were.  When we needed more chips and salsa, it was there.  When we needed our entrees after a five minute wait, they were there.  \n\nPrices:  The prices were very reasonable, $38.69, but I was able to use my City pass coupon and save $10 (see pics).  Not bad for two adults and that includes a Dos XX Amber and an appetizer.  \n\nI don't know if Paco's is actually the NUMBER ONE Mexican spot in Charlotte, but it is certainly in the conversation and one would be remiss not to consider Paco's Tacos and Tequila when looking for good Mexican in the Charlotte area.  \n\nI'll leave you with two statements: \n1. This place is waaaaay better than the new La Paz at the Met.\n 2. I'll be back here soon.