Bought a car here one month ago.  The purchase actually went fairly smooth.  We are 2 hours from the dealership.  My problems began when it came time to get out registration, plate, etc.  I was told it would take 2-3 weeks once they got a copy of the receipt showing I paid my tax on the vehicle.  I purchased the vehicle on a Sat and paid my tax on Monday.  I then emailed a copy of my tax paperwork (receipt) to the finance person I had dealt with.  I then called and verified he received it.  2 weeks later I called to check on the status and was told it was not back yet.  A week later I called and was told it was not back yet.  I was told the person who could help me was not there and to call the next day.  Next day, same thing.  The person was not there.  This time I got the name of the person that could help me.  Kelly.  I called the next day (Mon) and spoke with Kelly. I let her know I was concerned as we only had 8 days left on the temp plate.   She said there was a delay due to a title issue, but they had worked that out.  She then said she needed the receipt.  I told her I had sent it a day or so after I bought it.  She told me the person I sent it to was no longer with the company and I would need to send her the original.  When I let he know I was 2 hours away, she said I could just mail it.  I again expressed concern about only having 8 days left on the plate and asked if they could have me overnight it to them.  She said they could and emailed me a UPS label.  I went down the same night to UPS and sent it off.  I then emailed her and let her know.  The next day I check the tracking on it and saw it was delivered.  On Wed I call to check on the status and was told Kelly was out and to give a call back later.  I also left a message.  I called back later and was told she was gone for the day.  Called Thur...same thing.  Called Friday and was told she was not in, but she would be in between 9 and 3 on Sat.  Called Sat and was told she did not work on Sat.  I said I needed to speak with someone that could help me today as my plates expire Monday.  They transferred me to finance (Steve?).  After talking with him and having him tell me I would need to wait until Monday and he could not help me, I asked to speak with a manager.  I was transferred to Bobby.  He told me he could not help me either, but would personally look into it and call me Monday.  Monday came...no call.  I called at 4:30 and was told he was not there.  I was transferred to Jamie.  He could not help me either.  Said he would send an email for me to Kelly, Kelly's boss Leah and Bobby.  Today is Tuesday...I still don't have a plate, and so far no answer via email although it is still early.\n\nA copy of this review has been sent to rcole@mazdaofsouthcharlotte.com in hopes he can help me get my plates.