I came here with three friends after we tried to get into their other restaurant just up the street. It was a Friday night, and I didn't realize that reservations are such a must in Toronto! Anyway, we rocked up, and waited by the bar until a table popped up for us (maybe about 20 minutes). It was a bit weird that there was no bartender, so there was no way for us to order a drink or anything as we waited, which would make for happier customers probably.\n\nanyway, we had a pretty decent table at the back near the kitchen, which wasn't too disruptive and we got to check out all the dishes leaving the kitchen. We ordered a pitcher of margaritas to share. Our waiter, who was really great, asked whether we preferred more sweet or sour margaritas, and also asked about putting salt on the rim, both of which were appreciated as all of us much prefer a more sour drink, and one of us doesn't like salted rims. I like the idea that the style is kind of tapas-y, but at the same time, it makes it hard when people have different tastes or dietary needs and can't share with the group. As a vegetarian, there wasn't much choice for tacos, so I opted for a burrito, whereas one friend and my boyfriend ordered tacos, and another friend who wasn't so hungry just got guacamole. The guac came super quickly, and the tacos all arrived randomly. The waiter had told us to eat things as they came out of the kitchen, as it would arrive at different times. While this was good advice, it meant we were all eating at different times. The burrito took the longest to arrive, so basically everyone had finished their tacos by the time my food came. It was just a bit awkward, and doesn't make for a good group dinner spot. If you come with one other person, and share tacos then it would be perfect, but for us I didn't think it was the best. Also, the burrito was good, but not the best. My friend and boyfriend who had tacos enjoyed them, but thought some of them were a bit salty or boring. As tacos are the specialty, they should be well-seasoned and inspired.\n\nOverall, we had a fun evening because this is a cool spot, and is quite noisy so you can share a pitcher of margaritas and have fun while doing it. Also our waiter was really great. She was very attentive, and even packed up my friend's guacamole with some extra chips for her to take home. I think it's a bit expensive for what we had and the quality of the food (around $35 per person), so I don't think I'd be in a rush to come back.