I was looking for an anniversary treat for the missus and I and wanted to try yet another cupcake shop. We've been to quite a few in the area, but most of them had been letdowns. I hadn't gotten around to SweetCakes yet since it was near Davidson, but it's new location in the Fresh Market shopping center in Cornelius is a lot closer to home. I decided to stop in and give their cupcakes a whirl.\n\nThe interior is small and simple, with a nice display stand full of cupcakes greeting you when you first walk in. One thing I liked right away is that they only serve cupcakes, and nothing else. There are no other pastries crowding the display taking up valuable cupcake real estate. SweetCakes does nothing but cupcakes, and they do them very well.\n\nThey are a bit pricey at $3 a hit, but totally worth it. There were a ton to choose from, and I went with the two I thought the missus would appreciate the most: peppermint patty and salted caramel. The peppermint patty one was a chocolate cake with peppermint cream filling, chocolate peppermint icing and a few chunks of York Peppermint Patty sprinkled on top. The chocolate cake was not dry or too \"cakey\" like other cupcakes have been, but was moist and dense, which was a very good thing. This thing stayed together when you bit it. The icing-to-cake ratio was spot on, and it wasn't too much icing to be overpowering yet there was enough to give great flavor and texture to each bite.\n\nThe salted caramel was even better. It consists of chocolate cake filled with caramel and topped with cream cheese icing, more caramel and some sea salt. The caramel really makes this cupcake and brings a great overall flavor to the cupcake. Chocolate, caramel and salt just always play so well together, and the folks at SweetCakes really knew how to get the best from this flavor combination. \n\nThe cupcakes are bigger than the average cupcake, which justifies the price in my book. They are also the superior cupcake to the other cupcake shops in the area, aside from the rare view we get of the Cupcake Delirium food truck. If you want cupcakes, mini cupcakes, gluten-free cupcakes, or a cupcake bouquet for your wedding, this is the place to go.