In our continuing quest to identify cool, locally owned places to eat and\/or drink, Caroline and I auditioned Vintage 95 last night. \n\nBefore I go further, understand that whenever I go out for eats or drinks, I have  in  mind a Platonic Ideal of the Bar\/Pub\/Eatery I most want to frequent. I'm on a constant quest to find that  Ideal expressed in Real Life. \n\nVintage 95 isn't quite there, but it's damn close. If I ever give something Five Stars, you'll know it has pegged my Platonic Ideal. Anyway...\n\nThe plan last night was for drinks. No plans for food, just Adult Beverages and warm conversation. But it turned into more.\n\nThe location in downtown Chandler is terrific for us. The owners have created a very fine visual experience - leather, stone, dark woods, good lighting. And they don't have the music turned up so loud that you CANNOT HAVE A CONVERSATION. This is one of my pet peeves. If I want to stare at people move their mouths while enduring an aural assault, I'll stand on the deck of an aircraft carrier. When I go out with friends, I want to enjoy their company AND their conversation. Is that concept so difficult to grasp? [\/rant off]\n\nThe atmosphere at Vintage 95 is very close to my Ideal. I'd go back just to sit on the leather couches in front of the fireplace, and then go back another time to sit on the leather stools at the bar, and then go back about fourteen more times to sit out on the patio. Seriously - go check out the patio. It is EXACTLY what a Patio Hangout Bar should be. EXACTLY.\n\nCaroline and I told the hostesses we were only there for drinks, so we were seated in the bar area in some fabulous leather club chairs. It wasn't initmate, but we weren't looking for intimate. And speaking of the bar, even though V95 advertises itself as a wine bar, they DO have booze. I'm not much of a wine drinker and was very pleased to see that they carried a pretty good selection of single malt scotches. Not an overwhelming selection, but well beyond the normal Glenfiddich \/Glenlivit \/GlenMorangie trio to which most places are limited. I had a couple of drums of Ardbeg, which is one of my new favorites and very reasonably priced at retail. (Scotch is never reasonably priced in restaurants, but I was celebrating so I didn't care.) Caroline had her normal \"vodka martini extra dirty extra cold\" which she judged to have \"perfect dirtiness\", (no wonder I love her!), perfect amount of olives and very cold. \n\nThe limited Happy Hour menu had some very interesting choices. We settled on the bruschetta and the smoked tomato bisque. The bruschetta was VERY nice and quite unusual. You get to select four of eight choices for your bruschetta platter; we picked: (1) white bean and pancetta, (2) gravlax, caper goat cheese and pickled onions, (3) fig chutney, ricotta and prosciutto, (4) brie, pear and onion jam. They were all served cold, in nice sized portions and the flavors were all nicely balanced and very interesting. Caroline would have preferred the bread to not be so crispy, but I really liked it. The tomato bisque  was creamy, smoky and had well-balanced flavor. Caroline said it was unique and I say it was just darn delicious. \n\nThings being as they are, drinks and appetizers turned into food. A friend had told us \"you have to try the Vintage burger\", so we did. It came served with a mixture of regular and sweet potato fries, all nicely cooked and nicely seasoned. Recommended. The burger was VERY tasty. They obviously use good beef, the bun was fresh, the fixin's were tasty. HIGHLY recommended.\n\nIn for a dime, in for a dollar, right? So we ordered dessert. Again, the dessert menu is short, but I'm okay with that as long as they do it well. Chocolate torte with hazelnut gelato, apple pie with carmel sauce and creme fraiche gelato, and something else we couldn't remember. I'm allergic to hazelnut and don't like sweet desserts, so we decided to try the apple pie.\n\nLike everything else we had sampled, the apple pie was unusual - you wouldn't find it anywhere else. It was served on a freshly baked puff pastry, cubed apples served on top and inside - tender but not mushy -  with lots of cinnamon and sugar, plate was swirled with salted dolce la leche. It was tasty, but instead of the expected creme fraiche gelato, we were served hazelnut gelato. I didn't realize it was hazelnut until I'd had a couple of bites and my throat started to swell up.\n\nAt this point that the night could have turned into a disaster, but to their credit - it didn't. We told the waiter who told the manager, (Gavin - one of the owners), who immediately came and asked if I needed emergency assistance. I didn't, I'm not THAT allergic.)  Frankly, their response was EXACTLY the kind of customer service you want to see. Anyone can make a mistake, so no harm, no foul. But I must give BIG Kudos to Gavin for his kindness, attention to detail and outstanding customer service.\n\nWe will DEFINTELY be back and I strongly recommend you put it on your list too.