Five stars sounds impossible for a HVAC company but Sierra works they're @55 off for their clients.  When I signed up for the maintenance contract, it was comparable in pricing and easy to pay with monthly installments.  I scheduled an appointment with the tech they said \"Lee\" would be here for my first service...  Lee was EXTREMELY professional, courteous and most of all, knowledgeable. He Showed ID, had a well-maintained vehicle, clothes were professional uniform, wore booties, used ladder without bumping into anything and cleaned up afterward, no dust, insulation etc...  He took quite a bit of time to do the service but when he was done and he sat down to review I could tell why.  He had everything documented with pictures and notes and actually described to me in layman's terms how my system was faring, what wear he currently saw and what needed to be done to maintain this unit.  He explained how the HVAC works, why desert climate affects particular parts of the system and what to expect in a timeline of how this system should operate when maintained properly.  I asked a ton of questions and Lee was patient, polite and extremely well versed.  I appreciate the fact that he was not worried about getting to his next appointment, he said that I am the only customer he has today, if I need to be.  It seems to me they don't schedule these techs with 5 or 6 customers a day, when they have completed a job, then they can get another one. These people are thorough, competent and worth every penny especially when they remain so professional in 114-degree temps.   I had a follow up visit today with another tech named Eric, this consistency followed, professional, uniform, booties, knowledgeable, and cared so much about making sure I was content with the follow up.  My unit seemed a bit loud and he figured out that the vibrations had shook a nut loose and the outer case was shaking a bit.  He secured the unit and even placed a bit of foam in for insulation to keep it from rattling.  Very diligent, kind and professional. I appreciate this attention to detail.  From Paige the customer service agent to the tech's in the field, your efforts are appreciated. Bravo!