This is one of those real hole in the wall places where you see it and think I wonder if it is any good. Well we have gone here for years! Even when on vacation, not far off the strip just behind flamingo or right across the street from Bally's side of their casino just off flamingo.\n\nI bet back in the day this place was the place to go, you will see  old pictures on the walls. \n\nWhen seated you will see The menu is posted up on the wall and is pretty straightforward and  easy to understand. Now how neat is that?\nYou get unlimited red or white wine. Plus a house salad or minestrone soup and garlic bread. When you choose your entree there are about 5 different price levels ranging from $22 to $40 ~  example spaghetti and meatballs to a steak.One thing nice if you don't order a pasta dish you get a side of penne with marinara sauce. \nYou also will get a cup of cappuccino. For the amount of food and drink involved and the quality, it's a pretty good deal for your money. Especially unlimited wine!\n\nFunny story took a friend there and he loves Italian food. Well he also loves wine and loves good Italian bread. He kept drinking and eating tons of bread(The bread is so good!). By the time we were done eating he was so full could barely walk, I think the bread expanded with the wine making him even fuller! He went back to the room and had to lay down for hours! \n\nOver all this place has been here for years that tells you something! If you like Italian food try this place out. Or if you want to see a piece of old classic Vegas which is disappearing go here\n\nAnd as a added plus a elderly man walks around with the accordion and serenades the tables. He plays some things by request.  Its a nice added touch ~ if you see him make sure to tip..\nOverall its a old favorite of ours ~ One of the first restaurants we ate at when we first came to Vegas! Check it out we highly recommend it! \nAnd before going  make reservations just to guarantee to get a seat they get pretty busy sometimes. \nI hope this restaurant is here for many more years!!