A shop that serve vegan items and it included many desserts\/cakes\/cookies and hot plates.\n\nThe decor of this place looks quite classy, clean, and fancy. The staff are polite and friendly so first impression is very good. As soon as I stepped inside, there are many people in the line, a good sign. So we waited for a table and luckily, we got a table finally.\n\nSince it's lunch time, we ordered hot plate. We tried the Mushroom soup, Lasagna, Potatoe Croquette, and a Kale\/Romaine Lettuce Caesar salad. As these food are dairy free, meatless items, the final products are quite excellent. Better than I expected! :)\n\nThe Mushroom soup is light and filled with mushroom aroma, similar to the kind I have tried in Oliver & Bonicinni, but this one taste lighter, in a pleasant way of course. My guess is they probably use vegetable stock and this place after all, is meatless. I will have it again next time. But they also offer Minestrone soup as well which I havent try ... should i try that next time or should I stick with mushroom.. wish I have more than 1 stomach. :) A recommended item from me!\n\nFor the Lasagna, it's all veggie and vegan cheese. i don't know what they put in there but boy, its good!! another recommended item from me!\n\nAs for the potato Croquette, it is served with some kind of Apple sauce and also some white \"creamy\" sauce that have a little kick from the cayenne pepper (I think it's cayenne pepper). I dont know what's in the white sauce but it sure looks like cream sauce but I am sure they didn't use any cream as it's dairy free. I find that if you eat a small piece of croquette together with some apple sauce and the white sauce, the taste from the three blends together quite well, in my opinion. Another recommended item from me! \n\nThe Kale and Romaine Lettuce Caesar, .. well, its ok, nothing particular that I like or don't like. Unless you want some green to add some fibre to your diet, it would be a good choice. They also offer other salad as well. but if you have limited stomach space, skip this one.\n\nLooks like my first visit to this shop is mainly hot plates and I haven't even tried their sweets items. I cannot leave this place without at least trying one!! So I tried their chocolate cookie and a cup of their brewed coffee at the end. It's good!! The coffee actually goes quite well with the cookie, but at that point, I was like 120% full and I have to stop, even though there are also other items I wanted to try.\n\nOne note though, the price is on the higher side for a typically lunch but it's worth it in my opinion. It's not easy to find a good vegan place that offer palatable dishes. I would pick this place over Rawlicious anytime whenever I want something light and with veggie. Again, just my opinion.\n\nAnother note, I think I saw another review mentioning upstair was closed due to private event, it also happen to my visit today. So i guess, private function is getting popular for this place on Sunday(?) so if you plan to visit this place, call ahead to check or there could be some waiting to do if you wanna dine in.