We scheduled an early dinner at Sonoma Grill before Alton Brown's show at the Benedum, and though we chose the location purely for its convenience, the rave reviews had me very excited about the opportunities ahead. We were celebrating our anniversary and they brought us free champagne (this seems to be a theme with my reviews of late!). We started off with a customized wine flight and the tapas sampler, and though we were slightly disappointed that they were out of some items, the substitutions were delicious (the onion cannelloni were particularly standout). Apparently the menu is about to change at the beginning of March, so that's why they were running out. \n\nOur gregarious server (James, I believe) extolled the virtues of the duck, so we settled on that to share for our main as the tapas platter had been more than generous, and it was a pretty early dinner for us. Unfortunately he was back not 15 minutes later to tell us that they were out of duck, so we decided to try the \"Study of Hog\" as that will be disappearing from the menu. They split-plated the entree at no charge to us, and the courses were luxuriously spaced (we weren't in a hurry). Our server returned to offer us dessert, and by then we had been there close to two hours. We explained that we were headed to an 8pm show, and he assured us that everything could be brought out within 10 minutes (no souffles on this menu!).\n\nWe opted for the banana bread pudding with bacon and peanut butter and jelly, and the bacon was delightfully crispy and salty. The bread pudding below was a bit dry and not particularly inspiring, but the rest of the meal had been delicious. Our server brought over the check and explained that due to the substitutions, they were going to comp the tapas platter because it had caused us to have the same preparation of pork belly twice. Now, we love pork belly, and didn't particularly mind, but the gesture was very kind and took away a sizable portion of the bill. Amusingly, we heard him telling the table next to us that they were now out of the hog.\n\nThe service was nearly the best I've had in Pittsburgh, and I will definitely return once they're in full swing with a new menu. The lack of timely communication between the kitchen and waitstaff was a bit frustrating, but I would chalk that up to the transition.