To everyone who is reading this review, there is a reason why this place is receiving a one star from me and I will list the reasons why, this will be a very lengthy review but I hope that your read it thoroughly so you don't get ripped off from this place like I did.\n1.) the place is overpriced, for 1 session that lasts a few hours that consists of 1-4 games MAX is priced at $30+ including tax, which they charge 3x that follow as; Arizona tax, Gilbert tax, and another I cannot remember at the moment.  \n2.) Food there is \"okay\" the pizza they get is from Costco and they store in a warmer and charge ~$3 a slice and bottle water $2 don't forget that they include tax \n3.) Referees, 80+% of the time the refs are not on the field supervising the game, if they are \"supervising\" (if that's what they say they do) they either hide in a corner with a riot shield in front of them and don't move the entire game or stand on the outside of the field and watch literally 1-2 hallways.\n3.) protection, when your in the lobby (pro shop, snack bar, cash register, etc.) you don't need to wear any necessary face protection, but once you enter the staging area (before you enter the field) they force you to wear some sort of eye protection that can range from shooting glasses to full face masks, I don't blame them for trying to keep their customers safe but if someone goes there for their first time they're given a full face masks which they make you wear if your in the staging area and on field. Keep in mind that if you don't wear eye protection they will remove you from the premises, and I speak from experience.\n4.) The technicians are paid on commission and don't even know what they're talking about have the time I can give an example from my own personal experience. I was at Wild West testing out my new ak74u and I placed a higher voltage battery that was not fit for that gun, it ran fine for a bit then just stopped shooting I took it to the techs and they said it could be a few things one: the connectors came off ( which is very common and easy fix), or two I blew the fuze. They took it apart and found it the fuze was blown. So later that day I took to VIP airsoft to get it fixed m, but instead saying what the problem was with my gun I asked them to see what they said about the problem and this is their response \"this normally happens when someone shoots on semi auto fast, so just switch it to full auto real quick shoot it and it'll be fine\" after that response without even opening the gun up to take a look inside it I took my gun back and said thank you and bought a new engine motor that was fairly cheap but became absurdly expensive after the tax. After putting in the new motor it works like a charm\n5.)You can't bring in your own ammo, they make you buy their own ammo or you can't play there, if your found using your own ammo and not theirs you will removed from the premises, but sneaking in ammo is easy and everyone does because (pardon my language) ITS TOO FUCKING EXPENSIVE, everyone fills up their magazines before entering the the field to play, which is another problem with their reffing because they fail to check everyone's weapons to see if their using their own bb's or not\n6.)the fps (feet per second) limit is so low that I had to buy a new and weaker spring for my brand new gun I got the other just to play there, even my own c02 pistol fired way above their fps limit \nIn the end they only POSITIVE thing I can say about this place is that it's indoor (so it's cooler) and the attitude of the employees is appreciative. I would rather go to Wild West paintball and airsoft, where they charge $16 for airsoft, you get to use your own ammo, there are refs on the field continuously moving around and observing the matches that are in session, and it's $1 for a giant ice cold water bottle, and the techs fix your gun for free if it's a solvable problem that they can do on site. The reason why I return to VIP though I wish I don't is that they are the only airsoft store that sells anything you need, which I buy ammo, gear and pieces to fix or upgrade my gun, I can tell you right off the top of my head I can easily price 1 item there that always bothers me and it their .20g 1200 count elite force bb's are priced at $8.95 but after tax it becomes very close to $10. I hoped you enjoyed my very lengthy but thorough review if this establishment and I hop you can make the right choice of choosing a better filed than this place.