This is our 3RD RV and never had such bad service.\nLets face it, new RV's can have issues in the beginning but these people are beyond.\nI know for anyone who has bought an RV in the past as we have from La Mesa the deal was good but the service was crazy bad. well LIFESTYLE RV is worse.\nWe bought a new 39 foot 5th wheel from them in October 2015 and got a reasonable deal on the sales price. \nThe 1st clue should have been at delivery as there was no prep done, the batteries were dead and the unit was filthy. We had decided on this particular RV based on research, negotiated price etc. ahead of time without even going to the lot. We were paying cash also as we sold our old MH the week before.\nWhen we came for delivery it was a mess and we had to demand they prep and clean the coach (mud tracks through the coach were not acceptable). \nWe were paying cash but had to deal with Lisa (finance manager) for the paperwork for the MVD. She tried to sell us an extended warranty on day one and called us foolish for not buying during the one year warranty (she was foolish to think we were stupid, we will buy an extended warranty near the end of the manufacturers warranty, not to cover them from day one).\n5 months later:\nWe have had to be back for warranty service 4 times for hydraulic fluid leaks and several other issues. They are now on their 3rd service manager since our purchase and none seem to be any better then the previous. The RV has now been in the shop this time for 3 weeks as last week they tried to have us accept the incomplete repairs and belly skin as they had removed it 3 times and it was saturated with hydraulic fluid from leaks. They ripped it off again this week (after we would have picked it up) , found another leak and taped the belly skin back together. \nWe went to pick it up and found the tape holding the belly skin together (it would not stick due to the fluid and so we would have had belly skin dragging nearly to the ground). We also found the batteries dead for the 2nd time as they did not plug the RV in and ran the lights. The batteries were totally dead as the 12 volt lights would not even turn on.\nThey offered to put the batteries on a charger but then after 30 minutes it never happened.\nThe RV is still there and if it is repaired it will be 4 weeks for the repair. I am not holding my breath and wish I did not have to take it to these people for service.\nMaybe Lisa was right and with an extended warranty at the beginning we would take it to someone who had a clue as to what they were doing. \nBut she was still extremely rude.