If you're looking for that ultimate Fleming's experience you've saved up months for - don't bother coming to this location. Please make the drive up to Scottsdale where the standard seems to be a lot higher than here. \n\nIt's pretty packed during Happy Hour but because of that, I get the feeling that the servers in the bar and patio area know they're getting shafted with probably lower than expected tips thus, lower customer service. I sat on the patio for dinner and was not expecting to spend my night constantly waving at the server like I was at dim sum - not here of all places. \n\nFood is great and pretty much on par with other locations, but the service here is like nails on a chalkboard. We sat on the patio and if you order anything other than water, don't expect the server to come by and give you another refill. It's best you measure out your sips for the rest of your dinner. In the time it took to get another beer, you would have sworn they were self-brewing in the kitchen because that's how long it took. Asked for bread service but it never came, even after our entrees came and we asked a third time. What was pretty irritating was that all the other parties who sat down after us in the same area were getting great service, refills, bread, etc. They were all bigger parties and ordering wine glass after wine, so I had a guess as to why he would baby their tables and not ours. Regardless, never in my wildest dreams did I think that my childhood dream of being invisible would come true, but this server definitely made sure of it. Not as exciting as I thought it would be. \n\nWe told the manager what was going on and all he could say was that our server had 7 years of experience and was amazing at what he did. If only I had a manager that could say such amazing things about me while I ignored all my responsibilities at work and watched YouTube all day. The manager offered us free dessert, but it didn't really matter to me especially since I did not come for dessert. I came for the upscale ambiance and opportunity to wow the company I was with. I thought I was at Fleming's and left feeling like I was at Chili's.