Have been coming to Hys for several years now, and have always celebrated important events such as birthdays and anniversaries. My partner and I decided to celebrate our 10th anniversary here to commemorate this memory. We start off by having a nice welcome from the hostess, and were seated and then welcomed by a server in the back room of the restaurant with several larger tables there. We got served some water, and then it was about 20 minutes after that before our drink orders were taken. We were given two glasses of sparkling wine for our anniversary which was sweet. We ordered a bottle of wine, and a gentleman who I believe was the restaurant sommelier or possibly the restaurant manager, was very excellent. Later our server never came back to us, and sent a female server to take our orders for appetizers and main plates. We decided to put both of them together as we were hungry, and I had a feeling they would take a while to bring everything.\nWe then ordered some oysters and cheese toast, which was fantastic. The wine was also wonderful.\nWe then get our main dishes finally, and my steak was cold, so I did mention it to the same gentleman that poured our wine, which was very nice and he had it placed back on the grill. This was great and all, but I don't expect to even receive a cold steak at a place like this.\nLater on, it took about 15 minutes before our side dish the gorgonzola macaroni came to our table. The female server who had our table at this point never came to our table, besides once to bring us another bottle of sparkling water (which she did not ask before bringing a 2nd bottle).\nWe finally were able to have dessert and ordered the bananas foster which was made in front of us which was a lovely experience to watch.\nOverall, I think this place has definitely changed. 7 years ago people would never show up in a t-shirt and shorts, or be loud or have their teenage children laughing extremely obnoxiously.. (it appears the dress code is either lacking or just not enforced).. currently it seems like Hys is okay with catering to this type of crowd. I don't think I would return, and its time to retire this place as our go to for special events.