**pretty sure they pay yelp to hide the bad reviews! Look at the photos and some reviews are hidden.\n\nNot good. Literally got my nails done yesterday and one of the nail's polish has already come off. And it was gel. \n\nFirst of all, I was there for THREE hours. To get a manicure and a pedicure. I'll start with the pedicure first. The end result is pretty good but literally three people worked on my feet. And I have cute feet, they aren't awful. The first lady cut my nails and did my cuticles and then continued on to do the polish. She used so much that it was dripping down into my skin. She then had, I think it was the owner, do the polish. It was better but not perfect. Then he went back to his client. The first lady came back to finish with the lotion and two second \"massage.\" Then a third person came and touched up the polish and even redid some of the toes. End result is decent but still bleh. \n\nNow my hands.... I specifically said that I wanted my acrylics SOAKED off and then only gel polish. The guy said I should use powder since my nails looked kind of fragile. I said sure, not knowing that it was basically acrylic; just a different way. I did not want anything other than gel on my nails. By the time I realized this, it was already too late and I was not going to wait even longer than I was already there. He soaks my nails for a bit but then pulls off the acrylic. This is horrible for your nails and makes them even more brittle! I had already specifically said that I wanted them soaked off. Anyway, he does the powder and doesn't ask me what shape I want them. He just did whatever he wanted. I figured he would ask me later, but he didn't. And I didn't realize until he was already putting on the polish, and again I wasn't going to waste more time there. And I didn't really care all that much at the time. Fast forward.... my nails looked awful but I had to go to the event I was going to. Now today one of the nails' polish came off. It's gel. It shouldn't come off that easily. \n\nI would go here for a pedicure, MAYBE if there was no where else available. Never again for a manicure. I want these off my nails immediately. They are oddly shaped, there is gel polish on the side of my fingers (on the skin, not just the nail) and they are SO ridiculously thick. I hate how they look. And I was excited to see a decently priced place with experienced workers. Guess not. \n\nOh, and they also have their kids running around and screaming. Literally screaming and kicking doors and yelling at each other and the owners don't do anything about it. \n\nOkay sorry, end rant.