Ah, the French! Do they do everything right? Judging from this charming, cozy, bustling French Cafe, the answer is clear: yes, yes, yes! It's a winning recipe: delicious food plus reasonable prices make for a satisfying, memorable meal. J'adore! \n\nOn my first visit, myself and a friend were quickly seated for lunch, and I ordered a large bowl of squash soup, which came with two pieces of baguette: the soup arrived quickly: it was hot, savory, and completely filling. \n\nFrom grandmothers sitting in the bay window seat (the best in the house) to chic creative industry types perched on the bar stools, tourists to neighborhood regulars, everyone was chattering away, drinking their wine, swooning over their quiche and leafy salads and obviously enjoying their dining experience. \n\nOn my second visit, I had the beef in a rich peppercorn reduction sauce, with creamy mashed potatoes, carrot and green beans: I finished the entire plate. Our waiter suggested a wonderful glass of red wine for me: not the most expensive on the list, which I appreciated. The server, Emil, took special care to note that I had been there before: always a clever \"customer service\" touch to acknowledge repeat customers. Plus, at the end of the meal, we were treated to complimentary pastry puffs. When the bill came, I was very pleased to see that it was under $60. Frankly, for the quality of the meal I had, it was a steal! \n\nNote: this place gets busy: very busy, especially at lunch. But the staff work hard to accommodate quickly. Also: the service is very polite, but also very French: you have to know how to take it: lots of charm, warm, and a bit flirty (which I love). Don't go here in a tightly wound ball of hunger because you're a type-A personality with a conference call at 1.41pm with Dubai that you absolutely.must.take. Seriously. This place is meant for those who love good food and aren't in a rush for the next big thing. It's meant for people who know how to live a little.  \n  \nSo: If you are looking for excellent french bistro cuisine and a cozy, elbow-to-elbow eating experience, you'll find it here. \n\nMy vote: A total gem. Go!