Ok I think I am reviewing the right place here...but it's not Chinese cuisine as the fellow yelper below claims. Unless they change it up at lunchtime?\n\nWe went there for dinner tonight because it's so close and we wanted sushi. Ya, it isn't A grade sushi by any means, or A grade atmosphere - we were the only clients and there was japanese pop music playing in the background - but they made up for it with all these freebies! First, and quite odd, I must say, they served up some warm donuts (not with the hole in the middle, but smaller, sugared versions). I didn't object, one can eat warm donuts anytime according to me, esp good ones. \nWe ordered miso soup (the seaweed was very fresh and flavorful), salmon nigiri, sashimi and a spicy tuna roll and a specialty roll, as well as a veggie tempura dish. It was...so so. Not terrible but not amazing. Still I will give them points on their presentation - these guys have an artistic flair, our large sushi plate came decorated with sauce that made out some flowers and a duck. Cute. The specialty roll likewise was beautifully decorated. \nTo top it off, service was top (ok fine, we were the only customers, but still, I give credit where it's due), and they gave us a fruit plate at the end. Oh, and....hot sake, or what they called fire roasted sake. Now, I'm not even a fan of sake but this stuff was good, went down really smooth. And it helped that it was on the house. \nSo altogether, not an unpleasant experience. Not worth trekking out for, but If you live in the 'hood, check it out!\n\nI would love to give this place more business, I would just make a few suggestions:\n\nI know you know how to make some kick ass sushi. Show me! Don't overdress your sushi, give me more tuna on the spicy tuna roll and make it really spicy. \nChill your beers a tad bit more.\nAnnounce your specials even if they are written down.\nServe fresh pineapple on the fruit platter.\nServe the donuts at the end of the meal.\n\nThanks folks, stellar service ;)