I called up to make a reservation but the phone just kept on ringing so I gave up. I told myself I'll just wait there and take my chances. But what do you know Matsuda called me up saying they missed my call the first time - good sign for service. But I spoke too soon re good service.\n\nWhen I got there, the place was jam-packed which was surprising because you'll never know the place is full to the brim until you get inside (what do you expect it's the long weekend). They gave me a 745 pm reservation but we came in early so I waited for my reserved time before following-up. We got seated a few minutes later. Not bad.\n\nPros:\n- more matcha in their green tea ice cream\n- strawberry ice cream - real strawberries\n- there's a person for every order you have - which means, somebody will come and she's just carrying all sashimi food items, then another will come carrying all teriyaki stuff... so your order will not come all at once.\n\nCONS:\n- if you raise your hand to get the attention of the waiter\/s, they will not look at you. they are 'experts' in avoiding your gaze. my son was feeling bad and just wanted a glass of water. we had to ask several times, but to no avail. i had to go to the nearest convenience store to get him a bottle and when I got back the water we requested for our table is still not there. \nso I had to call the manager's attention. they had the excuse about the computer not working but hello - it's just water. we're not asking for much. the manager had the courtesy of saying that the drinks were on the house. and after that the attention from the waiters improved to the point of annoyance.\n\nI came here because it was recommended to me. It's expensive, there's no a la carte choice which is rather limiting since my son doesn't eat much - not worth it for him. There's nothing here that you will not find elsewhere and maybe even nearer to you (for us Tenichi is nearer).\n\nIf you are with your friends and you would be busy gabbing\/tinkering your phone then you wouldn't notice the bad service too much then I guess you will be fine because for small parties they have private rooms not found in other Japanese AYCE in Scarborough.\n\nI won't be back - it's a been-there-done-that deal for me and Matsuda.