I'm old. So when the family roars that that we simply must try the new, hip, central Phx hangout, replete with twenty and thirtysomethings and focal wine rack, the blood kinda drains from my face. OK, I sigh. Let's get this phony, elitist jive over with.  Long waits. Gum chewing, drink pushing service. Overpriced food that looks and sounds better than it tastes. \n\nWell, mares eat oats and does eat oats, but little Maizies aint too \"jivey\". \n\nIt's one of those tiny places without a foyer, so I open the front door and am smack dab self conscious. Ask for a menu, before my party arrives, and slip outside to review. Very friendly girl obliges. Once assembled, she offered three seating options: patio ( a little too warm), the bar (lumbar too old) and community table, which I immediately grab, having mastered the concept of ignoring adjacent strangers in elevators, bathrooms and at Motor Vehicles. \n\nWe had three non-exotic but terrific dinners.  Wife sighed over  salmon and pasta. Teenaged chili expert gave a big thumbs up to that and his chicken sandwich.   And I was really, really impressed with my Italian sub panini. Quality bread. Dense meats and cheese, perfectly dressed, marvelous texture and variety of tastes in every bite. Sandwich on par with Houston's and better than anything I've had at Pane Bianco or Corbin's (see other reviews). The noodle kugel didnt wow me but was unusual and a fun thing to have on the menu.  \n\nOverall, we received Houston's lunch quality (or very close to it), for two thirds the price, and were very pleased.  Server was first rate; mature, friendly, not pushy at all and reasonably attentive. Made us feel right at home. \n\nThe space tries too hard to be eclectic and hip, imo, but that's what kids want today, so whatever. Flat screens show sports, but not a sports bar vibe at all since the sound was muted; I'm a fan and barely knew they were there. \n\nI withheld the fifth star only because this place was the noisiest restaurant I can remember being trapped in. Not music. Just Friday night people noise, bouncing off the concrete floors into my ear canals. Had to basically yell at companions all night and couldnt hear half their responses. Again, that's what the kids want, I guess, so carry on. Other than that, I was pleasantly surprised and impressed with Maizies in every way, and have my eye on a quieter, cooler patio table for next time. Maybe around the holidays. Perfect time to ignore more nearby strangers.