The Matthews, NC location has so many issues, LifeTime corporate should be concerned about the impact on the LifeTime brand. First, the club is so hot in the cardio area, it's amazing that members are not passing out. When I asked to speak with the manager about this, I was told to leave a note because he was \"busy speaking with a staff member.\" The reality is he was too busy flirting with the female salesperson, which is unique because he usually just hides in his office, never walks around the club or engages with members. I left a note and never received a call back. When I mentioned this to the front desk, the response was, \"he probably didn't call back because he gets so many complaints about the air conditioning.\" The insufficient AC in North Carolina in the summer is unacceptable as is no return call from the Manager. I don't know if the AC issue is due to LifeTime being cheap, or the Manager not picking up the phone to schedule repairs. Over the course of my 18 month membership, this club has deteriorated quickly; cardio machines are broken and outdated, and the repair time is slow. This club is far more concerned with bringing in new members than keeping up the club and caring about the satisfaction of current members. Maybe this is due to pressure from corporate to increase profits? Another branding issue is the \"meathead\" members and the fact that young children (13 and under) are using equipment, clearly not consistent with club policy. I joined this gym to get away from the \"meatheads\" at my last gym down the road - they're loud, curse, grunt, and are disrespectful. One day, a staff member asked a man to put his gym bag in a locker (it was on the gym floor) and he rudely refused; he said the only way he'd do it is if she kicked him out and cancelled his membership. She just walked away. Again, this is unacceptable. The management turns a blind eye and let's these guys act and speak as they wish. If that's the branding you're striving for, then Matthews is right on point. Since our old gym is under new membership, we're going there today to possibly re-join. The Matthews location is a real blemish on the LifeTime brand.