I called Dodge Electric to come and give me a quote to add 3 new circuits to my breaker box as whoever wired my breakers prior to the purchase of my home didn't know what they were doing and was advised through my home warranty that they do not cover electrical failures due to overload and that this was what was needed to correct the problems I was experiencing. Dodge Electric has a ton of excellent reviews and so I was excited to work with them. I called them on a Friday (prior to New Years) and got the appointment for someone to come out and look (no fee) on Tuesday. Great! So far so good considering the holiday weekend. My disappointment is in the person who came out and looked at everything was asking questions like \"well which appliances would you want on this circuit\" and \"what do you want me to put on this circuit\". I'm I have zero clue what needs to be where and that's why I called you guys! Isn't that YOUR JOB to know what is needed to properly wire a house? Lastly I was advised that no estimate could be given to me right then but that I'd be receiving an email shortly. Well I finally received an email the next business day to let me know it was still going to take them 3 more business days for me to receive my quote. I also had a second company, Simple Electric, come out Tuesday as well. Not only did they know the exact issue. They new what exactly needed to be done and didn't have to ask me how they should wire my circuits. I also received a quote before they left and a follow email in 2 hours confirming my quote along with an option to accept it if I so chose. I did chose them after COB on Tuesday since I still hadn't heard anything from Dodge. I also received an unexpected call back from Simple Electric giving me an exact appointment time for when the guy will be back out to complete the work. Super disappointed with Dodge given all of these great reviews. ***edit**** I see this review was responded to saying pictures were given to you and that i should check spam. The email came to my inbox about 4 business days later. I'm curious of what the pictures were of because no pictures were taken nor was he in my attic to see where the lines needed to be ran