There are many West Indian restaurants out there but what makes this place unique, is its use of healthier ingredients (all natural, no preservatives, etc).  I personally crave a nice big serving of oxtail with rice & peas often and now I can have it with less guilt.  Same goes poutine.  Plus, you gotta love the warm and enthusiastic vibe of the people who work here.  \n\nThough not on their regular menu (yet), they serve a mean poutine.  Like I said, it's more of a guilt-free type poutine with fresh cut fries, fried in coconut oil.  I personally only use coconut oil when I cook so I was excited about this.  The fries was then topped with some oxtail gravy, mixed veggies (yes, veggies!) and cheese.  The cheese wasn't your regular cheese curds, which I personally prefer (if you've read my other reviews, you'd know of my love of dem squeaky cheese).  Though the cheese added some nice saltiness to the poutine, it didn't melt well in the middle of the meal.  Was basically a blob of hardened warm cheese. Was like eating some Saganaki but on the tougher, chewier side. Perhaps they should have at least shredded the cheese while spreading it more throughout the layers of fries instead of just on top? The mixed veggies which entailed rapini, onions and bell pepper, were also a nice topping.  Gave a nice crunch and added a unique flavour. Though I'm not a huge fan of rapini due to its bitterness, the other vegetables helped contrast the flavour so it was really good.  Was so good that I ate it all.  \n\nAs for the oxtail gravy, I wish it were a little more on the thicker side.  With its runnier texture, the fries became a little too soggy.  I did also order oxtail with rice to-go and the oxtail was delicious.  Again, I wish the sauce\/gravy was thicker, but it was still flavourful.  Personally, I love having the sauce\/gravy on its own while dipping some fresh fried dumplings (which they unfortunately do not have. Or maybe not yet).  \n\nI definitely love the idea of having healthier alternatives to classic Jamaican dishes, so I'm definitely going back to this place to try their other menu items.