I was on my way out for Brunch at a near by restaurant when I noticed then line was out the door. There was no way I was going to wait in the line for breakfast there. As we drove into the STC grounds I saw a big banner hanging outside of the Milestone's advertising there Brunch. It was practically screaming out to us so we decided to give them a try!\n\nLuckily this place had no line up and the restaurant was not even half full. Our waiter kindly greeted us, went over the menus, and took our drink orders. She later returned with our teas and coffees and we are all ready to order. The brunch menu is simple consisting of benedicts, omeletes, scrambled egg variations, and few sweet options like french toast and pancakes plus offerings from there lunch menu.\n\nOur orders included:\n\nMilestone's Traditional Breakfast\nDouble smoked bacon, 3 eggs, multi grain toast and breakfast potatoes topped  with mediterranean salsa\n\nMilestone's Big Breakfast\nDouble smoked bacon, ham, adouille sausage, 3 eggs, french toast and breakfast potatoes topped with mediterranean salsa\n\nStrawberry French Toast\nThick cut cinnamon vanilla French Toast, fresh strawberries, agave syrup and mago cream garnish.\nI found it interesting how they made french toast with the baguette and it was definitely a huge portion. My only complaint was that I hate when french is drowning in a pool of a syrup because it makes it too soggy. And this french toast came out in a pool syrup. Had I know that I would have asked for the syrup on the side because it was otherwise pretty tasty.\n\nPrime Rib Hash\nThinly sliced AAA prime rib, potatoes, bell peppers, sweet onions, roasted corn, dressed with there specialty hash seasoning topped with two poached eggs, house made hollandaise, and herb toast\nThis was definitely the best dish! So flavourful, good portion, cooked perfectly! Would definitely order this again!\n\nOverall I'd say Milestone's is definitely a good place to try out for Brunch especially if you have a large group because they don't get as full as the other chain brunch restaurants.