Polar Air is everything you hate about calling a repair service. Close your eyes and think for a moment about your worst case scenario in your home...it's a hot Las Vegas summer day and your Air Conditioning goes out. Your home quickly heats up, your pets are panting, you imagine not being able to sleep because it will be 80 or 90 degrees in your house that night...it's a terrible thing to imagine, so you call a repair company to come out and fix your AC, only to be taken advantage of by con artists masquerading as a repair company...that's Polar Air. \n\nRecently, our AC died on the roof of our house...the unit was blowing air but not cold air, so we called Polar Air to come service the unit, which they had done for us once before. The service tech came out to our home, climbed up on the roof, and after a few minutes of looking at the unit, he told me that our condenser fan motor was broken and it would need to be replaced. It's a common problem with AC units. He climbed down off the ladder and I asked him how much and when could it be replaced. The price...$800. \"I've got one right here in the truck...I can have that installed for you in about 20-30 minutes.\" he said. \n\nNow I'm no expert on air conditioning repair but I know a scam when I see one. \"800 bucks to install a simple motor? Seriously? That doesn't seem right\" I told him. \"Yep, that's the price\" he responded. Then I made the mistake of mentioning that the unit was about 15 years old and immediately his eyes lit up. \"Oh, we should DEFINITELY look into replacing that then. Let me call my boss and find out how much it would be to replace the unit\" and faster than you can blink your eyes, his boss was on speaker phone telling me that it would be $8,700 to replace our single family home AC unit but with a few special discounts and rebates, it would be only $7,400. The tech then whipped out his laptop and printed us a quote while his boss on the phone started talking about financing and that's when I cut them off and told them I'd have to think about that. He handed me the quote and didn't even bother giving me the estimate for the repair until I prodded him...they had their eye on the $7,400 prize! He gave me the estimate and left. \n\nAs soon as he was gone, I climbed up on the roof to take some photos of the part numbers on the AC unit and motor and noticed the repair tech didn't even bother putting things back together. The fuse box was open and all the screws he used to open the unit up were sitting on top of it. A small breeze would have blown them off the roof or into the unit. Unreal. After spending 5 minutes on Amazon I found the exact motor to replace mine...for $81.34. Figure that these guys were probably able to get it cheaper for, say, 50 bucks, that means they were going to charge me $750 for 30 minutes of labor to install the new motor. The highest priced attorneys  in Vegas don't even charge that much!!!! \n\nIt is con artists like Polar Air who give repair people a bad name. It turns out Grainger had my motor as well, so this morning I drove over there, picked up a new motor and installed it myself for a savings of $720. People like Polar Air should have their license pulled. These con artists take advantage of people who just roll over and pay them to get their AC units working without bothering to think it through. Understand that by hiring these swindlers you are being conned. I put Polar Air on the same level as those scumbags in Nigeria who send you spam.