Let me begin by saying I apologize for the pictures. By the time I took the pictures we had either forgotten and eaten some or we couldn't help it and bit it first :)\n\nWalking in there were a few people but not many for a Sunday. My first time here felt exciting and we were seated quickly. Service was fast and the gentlemen got us our drinks quickly. The guy must have kids because he knew to only fill my kids drink half ways to prevent spilling.\n\nWe ordered the crispy fries, lobster Mac n cheese, NY style pizza, and the kids cheese pizza\n\nI asked for my daughters good first an it came within 10 mins. Bonus points. Noticed there was a coupon on the kids menu for the shark reef aquarium, that's cool. She loved it and it was the second time I've ever seen her eat pizza without ranch. \n\nOur food came a few minute later. Fries first which came with a chipotle aoili sauce. The fries were topped with cheese and herbs and were delicious. Hubby said best fries hands down he's ever had. \n\nNext was the lobster Mac n cheese. It was good but not great. I found that it was a little too watery and not crunchy enough. Could have used some bread crumbs. I don't think I would order it again\n\nLastly the NY style pizza.. Which could go either way. It tasted extremely fresh and I loved the tomato sauce. I didn't like that when I picked it up everything wanted to slide off. Messy fo sho. \n\nThe waiter was great at asking how everything was, Accepting our discount and refilling our drinks. \n\nWe couldn't stop there! We ended up going big and getting two desserts. Holy sugar rush! The pink cotton candy was enormous. Once on our table I could barely see my husband. He loved the taste and size but didn't like that they put cocoa powder on the top. He said t wasn't necessary. \n\nMy dessert was the fresh donuts. Loved them paired with the raspberry sauce. Tasted like those stuffed jelly donuts. My fat girl dreams cake true. The chocolate sauce was okay, nothing special. Trust me.. Skip it and ask for extra raspberry sauce\n\nCan't wait to come back and try their daily specials or their happy hour.