Words are not enough to express how thrilled I am to have discovered Barre3 studio and how much I love my Barre3 workouts!!!\n\nI joined in December 2014 when it just opened and I've been a devoted fan ever since. The studio is brand new and very modern, the classes are never packed and there is plenty of room and space for everyone. Their class schedule is very expansive, offering at least 5 classes daily during the week and two classes at 10am and 11:15am on the weekends... trust me, it will fit the busiest schedule!  The instructors are great, everyone has a pleasant demeanour, they are very attentive and most helpful, and they make you feel welcome from the minute you step through the door. The workout itself is beyond amazing! I've been going religiously 4 times a week since December and I've had some major changes in my body in just under 2 months. \n\nLOCATION: Very Convenient! The studio is right on King and John across from TIFF Bell Lightbox, about 5-10 minute walk from the financial district and easily accessible via public transit or car.\n\nSPACE: It's brand new! The studio is sparkling clean, extremely spacious and ultra modern. There is a large foyer with plenty of room to hang coats and store boots. There is one studio which has room for ~25 people (the classes are never full and there is always plenty of space to move around!). Change room is in the far back and it has plenty of spacious lockers with free locks and keys and a large vanity with all possible toiletries one could think of. On top of the usual shampoo\/hair products and hair dryers which you can find at any decent gym, Barre3 provide3 plenty of proper hair elastics, razors, shaving gels, deodorants, make-up removers, contact lenses solution... and anything else that a girl could possible need! They also have plenty of towels available in different sizes. There is a shower, 2 enclosed washrooms with sinks, one change room with a curtain for added privacy and benches. All their facilities are always sparkling clean and on par with a 5-star hotel spa. There is also a fountain with filtered water in the change room to fill your water bottle.\n\nWORKOUT: this workout is incredible. It combines yoga, Pilates and ballet movements to deliver a powerful low-impact workout that targets all the right areas. The workout is based on a sequence of low-range movements with high repetitions (think at least 20-30 reps) followed by large-range movements to flush everything out. You can literally feel your body shaking and quaking and this is how you know it works! Oh and did I mention the music? They have super upbeat tunes which put you in the right mood and keep you going! \n\nCLASS SEQUENCE: The class has 4 sections to it which target all areas of your body and provide focused and combo workouts. The class starts with a core warm-up; it then proceeds to intense leg-work which targets all leg muscle groups; followed by combo work (you have an option of using 1-,2- or 3-pound weights or none at all, and it's still effective!). The second half of the class is on the floor, it starts with targeted glute workout which is my favourite part of the class!, then a sequence of abs exercises, followed by some more core-work and a closing stretching routine. Barre3 provides all the equipment including mats (which they even clean for you afterwards!). This is particularly convenient as I don't need to carry my yoga matt with me all the time and makes it super-easy to work-out during lunch hours and right after work.\n\nINSTRUCTORS: everyone is super friendly, welcoming, helpful and polite, from the owner Aimee to each and every instructor. All their Barre3 instructors have extremely pleasant demeanour and positive attitude. They pay attention to you and offer numerous modifications based on your physical fitness and ability level, which I think is great. This is what really differentiates Barre3 from other workouts - by making it accessible to people of all levels, they make it very inclusive. They always stick around after class for questions and are happy to go over the poses with you to make sure you get it and know how to do it right. Aimee is always there as well and is most welcoming and accommodating.\n\nEXTRAS: they have a \"store space\" in the foyer where you can buy yoga clothes (including their branded Barre3 stuff), grippy yoga socks (I love mine and find them very useful in winter) and water bottles. Everything is priced very reasonably. \n\nPRICING & RESERVATIONS: You can book classes online via a very easy and user-friendly reservation system or just drop-in. The classes are priced on-par with other work-outs. It's $20 a class or 5 classes for $90, 10 classes for $170 or you can get a new client special of 3 classes for $40 (awesome deal!!!). They also have unlimited monthly memberships available, which is in my opinion the best deal as it really motivates you to work out regularly.