I rounded my rating from 3.5*.\n\nThe winterlicious menu sucked me in for sure. I saw it was a 3* place and I was a little skeptical as I usually wouldn't try to pop into 3* but this surprised me for sure. Especially that it's run by a couple of older Asian men, I thought it would have similar quality to uncle joe's, which thankfully, was not the result.\n\nI came with three friends and we all started with the lobster and crab soup, except one got kale salad. From what I heard, the salad was very refreshing and really helped build up towards the heavy entrées. The soup was quite amazing. Just the right amount of spice to bring out the lobster and highlight the crab, but it didn't burn my throat going down. The pastry was a nice addition that definitely filled us up quite fast, but it helped balance the spicy kick. I find that usually bisques tend to be bland and I was ready to throw the whole pepper shaker in this soup, but I didn't need to. I could've had another one, that was how good it was.\n\nFor entrées, à friend and I got the three hour roasted venison with mafalda noodles in Chianti, and another friend got garlic butter Bay scallops and rice, and one got a medium rare prime rib with potatoes. The scallops were actually very sweet despite the garlic butter, but it was light, as in it wasn't heavy and didn't make us feel comatose. The venison was dry to the right extent. Some of the noodles were cut but that's okay because that's what a knife is for! This dish was def filling. Venison isn't as gamey as I thought it would be.\n\nFor desserts, we got apple crumble cheesecake, this chocolate cake thing, and bread pudding. Cheesecake was great and wasn't super sweet. Then again, I was comparing to the chocolate cake which got sweeter as you progressed to the back. Definitely not for diabetic people! My fav out of the three was the bread pudding. Warm, toasty, and actually the least sweet but with the most complex taste. I'd recommend the bread pudding.\n\nServer was friendly and nice, joked with us about us waiting for our friend. He was totally chill. He did ask us to give our empty dishes to him instead of him taking it from us, so that was a little iffy imo but nothing to kill à star over.\n\nTldr : get the lobster and crab soup, entrées could be venison or scallops, and for desserts, def get the bread pudding.