We were in Vegas for a bachelorette party and had 6 girls come in for brunch. We walked in on a Saturday morning around 11am and the wait was only 20 mins. We walked around the store and did some shopping there while waiting. They have really fun and sparkling things that you feel you \"must have\". We picked up a couple of candy necklace thongs haha! \n\nWe were sat within the time quoted us and the service was friendly from the hosts. Our server, Sophie, was extremely friendly and cute, made great suggestions, and was quick as well as on top of everything. \n\nThe bloody marys were awesome and huge. All the other drinks we saw go by were the size of fish bowls and very creative in color and some were bubbling and had cool accessories. When I ordered I ordered the eggs benedict. Eggs benedict is always my item of choice when it's on the menu. I even make it at home. I was so so bummed when I got mine and the yoke was cooked, not runny at all, and then the potatoes (they put thinly sliced potato cakes under the egg instead of english muffin) were hard. The ham was great, asparagus perfectly cooked, and the sauce was perfect. I picked out my yoke and moved out the potatoes and tried picking at everything else. I lost my appetite and decided I just wasn't that hungry. The girls in my group noticed and when the server checked on us they mentioned it to her. I said I just wanted to send it back but she really encouraged me to get another dish. \n\nI went for the chicken and waffles since another person in our group had that and it looked good. I'm sooooo glad I did! It was amazing! The manager even came by to apologize and offered me a complimentary drink. He brought me a mimosa and checked back after I received my chicken and waffles. The server was so attentive and sweet. I felt like we had a great experience and we'd definitely go back. However, next time I want to try lunch! We walked by a ton of amazing looking items on our way out that I'd want to try. Thanks Sophie and Jeff (the manager) for making it a great experience!