I gotta say, I'm pleasantly surprised with this place.  Was introduced to this place by a friend and I think I've just added a new place to go if I ever have a hankering for Chinese noodles.  So the place is nicely located, away from the bustling streets of Bay and Dundas, so there isn't all that traffic noise and mess (on Edward Street, which is basically behind the Atrium, with St Louis Wings, Spring Rolls and that whole commercial complex).\n\nPlace is tiny, but the place, and the set up of it, suggests a quick, dine in and get out concept.  But when we got there on a Wednesday (as a table of 4), waiter was quick to get the table cleared and have us seated, and in the meantime took down our order! The efficiency at this place is brilliant! \n\nSo the menu itself, only has....really two items, plus a series of side dishes.  Soup noodles and saucy noodles! (I'm pretty sure that's not the actual name, but that's the easiest way to log it into my head). \n\nOk, even there's two noodle bowls to pick from, you can choose the thickness of the noodles, which I believe come in like 6-7 different variations, and they show it on the menu via diagrams to show the thickness of the noodles (funny enough the names of the noodle size options are in Chinese, and Romanized Chinese, so inside of saying \"wide\", they'd use the word \"kuan\".  I slightly chuckled at it lol.  Oh, mega bonus! Waiter asked me if I wanted cilantro with my soup (if you get the saucy noodles, you get a bowl of soup) and I immediately said no (hate cilantro).  So happy that he asked that, and that I had that sort of customization.\n\nService was super quick, given how small the place is, and the waitress was like Sonic The Hedgehog, going table to table, attentive, constantly pouring water and adhering to requests.  And not to mention, she always had a smile too, very pleasant.  \n\nThe food, so I got the saucy noodles (and the usual \"kuan\" noodles).  To describe, it's basically...a Chinese version of a Korean Bibimbap but with hand pulled noodles.  You have the minced pork, julienne carrots, julienne cucumbers and then the noodles at the bottom and you mix it all up.  Also, it came with soup too (sans cilantro).\n\nTaste?  Super delicious, the noodles with the minced pork made for an aromatic, not overly salty taste.  It was slightly sweet but mainly savoury and then the crunchy texture of the vegatable with the soft, but not overcooked, bouncy noodles, compliment so well.  I just love when food has multiple tastes and textures.  Only gripe?  It got heavy and really oily at the bottom (that honestly could have been me who didn't fully mix).  The soup on the side was alright, wasn't all that special, but the taste was pretty light.\n\nOverall, great place, one I'd be willing to bring other friends if I'm ever in the downtown area.