TERRIBLE SERVICE!!\n\nIt only takes one bad experience to destroy a restaurant's reputation...\n\nI've been to Spoon and Fork 5-6 times over the past 4 months and it started out as my favourite AYCE restaurant. They have a good selection of food and the food quality is generally above average. The restaurant is usually busy and there is a lack of staff (hence lack of service), but it hasn't bothered me too much.\n\nHOWEVER, I had a terrible experience with them in a recent visit and I won't be going back again. I went with 3 other friends for lunch on a weekday. It wasn't busy and I was expecting good service and good food.\n\nI am a sashimi fiend; I'd normally order 8 pieces of everything from the menu and polish it off. This time, I wanted to try more of the other options on the menu, so I decided to order less for myself, and the 4 of us ordered 10 pieces of each sashimi instead. \n\nEverything went smoothly, the service was still slow, but better than when it was busy, and other than the bland and slightly stale-tasting shrimp sashimi, the food was decent. We decided to leave the shrimp sashimi alone, and finished off everything else on the sashimi plate.\n\nWe finished our meal and as the waiter was clearing off the table, he started LECTURING us about ordering 10 pieces of sashimi at the same time! We finished everything on the sashimi plate aside from the shrimp, so I explained that the shrimp tasted bland. \n\nHe then proceeded on educating us that not everyone liked all kinds of fish and that's why we shouldn't have ordered 10 pieces at one go in a lecturing tone (I've been to this restaurant 5 times already, I KNOW the menu, I've tasted ALL of their fish and I finish off ALL the sashimi every time).\n\nI asked if they have changed their sashimi to frozen ones lately, because their sashimi has started to deteriorate, especially the shrimp. The waiter became defensive and started bullshitting that all sashimi in Ontario have to be frozen for at least 3 days, (including salmon!!!). BULLSHIT. You're telling me the Salmon Country has no FRESH SALMON?! Now, I understand that Ontario is far away from Vancouver, but I also know that food freights arrive daily from BC to Ontario, and restaurants willing to pay for elevated food costs for higher food quality will have fresh salmon available. To say that all of Ontario doesn't have fresh salmon available, was blatant lying. \nThis waiter lectured his customers on how to order food, and instead of apologizing for the bad food they served (ie. their shrimp), he started fabricating a blatant lie to cover up. This attitude is unacceptable, me and my friends will not be visiting this place again.