Yuck.\nI got out of a late movie and was craving some nachos. I hadn't been to Montana's in over 3 years and it's not my #1 choice. But it was close by, so we decided to just go there. It was a Thursday evening, so the restaurant was only a quarter full and we were sat pretty quickly. The menu said that the only nachos they had were \"Pulled Pork Nachos\". I like pulled pork, so I decide to settle for those even though I wanted just plain nachos. We also decided on a caesar salad to share and deep fried pickles. We promptly put in our order, and that was probably the most service we received all night. We saw several staff members walking around, chatting and ignoring customers. It seems to me that Montana's tends to hire really young servers (barely 18 I think) that don't give a crap about their job. \nThe food took almost 40 minutes to arrive. The starter caesar salad was pretty disappointing. It was extremely small (small even for a starter), and looked like that bagged iceberg lettuce from Safeway with bacon bits and Renee's Caesar Salad Dressing. I could make that at home, and do a way better job too. The deep fried pickles were alright, but the batter was a bit thick. The worst was the Pulled Pork Nachos. There was barely any cheese on the nachos, and it wasn't even melted cheese. The pulled pork was disgustingly sweet, almost like they were sitting in maple syrup for a week. It made the nachos taste awful. \nI tried to flag down the server, but had no luck. So, unfortunately, I was so hungry that I ate around the horrible pulled pork as best I could. That was the theme of the service all night. As soon as we placed our order, we didn't see our server again until we were done eating. Our drinks had been sitting empty for a while, and she asked if we wanted more drinks as she was bringing over our bill. Since I work in the service industry, I still tipped her, though not nearly as much as I usually do because of her nonexistent service.\nNot recommended, unless you want slow service and terrible food.