DH and I are bagel fans - my parents are from Brooklyn, DH and I lived in NYC, and even found a place in Arlington MA that imported bagel dough from H&H. So when we heard that Montreal bagels were a \"thing\" we knew we wanted to try them. We arrived for a late breakfast and were told to sit where we liked. We were handed an english menu (yes, sadly obvious from my \"pour deux\" that we needed one). Service wasn't warm, and was a bit flaky (I got a regular coffee instead of the espresso I ordered, server forgot what type of bagel I ordered and to ask DH what kind of bagel he wanted on his sandwich). But she was busy and honestly for a casual place, small issues (the regular coffee was good, much more important). Although her english seemed good (better than my french!), maybe the language barrier was the issue. We had regular OJ (pulpy, which we liked) which came in a pretty glass with orange slice garnish, cute. Coffee filtre, strong enough with good taste. I had a toasted poppy bagel with butter and jam - bagel was really good, and not too sweet to my taste. Definitely smaller than american bagels, not as chewy as NY bagels, but not puffy like Dunkies bagels (a good thing, in my book). Nice amount of poppy seeds. The butter\/jam was in little plastic containers like you'd get in a diner (fine). It came garnished with a couple of small slices of cantaloupe. DH had a sesame bagel (also very good) with omelette, ham and pesto. It was really a delicious sandwich - the omelette was puffy (egg only, as far as I could tell) over several slices ham. The pesto came on the side, in a small cup (probably two to three generous tablespoons - more than enough), was delicious itself, and complemented the other ingredients. DH also had a fruit salad (more of a fruit cup, but fine, fresh). They didn't take credit cards - and we were out of Canadian cash - but kindly took American cash (and gave Canadian change) without any eye-rolling. The bagels are good - but we decided we didn't need any extras to take on the road. If you can't get decent bagels where you live, these are pretty to very good. And I certainly think this is a nice place to stop in for a sandwich. The neighborhood is interesting (used book stores and vinyl shops, clothes shops and other restaurants).