This review is long overdue!  Before visiting this place a few years back, I had never been in a Bass Pro Shop before and didn't know what it really was other than a retail store.   Well, well things have changed since then and I have been back every time visiting Las Vegas since that first time.  I am prompted to put this review out there since I was reminded of my last visit there last summer and the excellent customer service we received when my two oldest children got lost in this massive store.  Needless to say to anyone who has been to it, this can be terrifying in a store of this size.   \n\nSo let's preface this with the fact that when you walk into Bass Pro Las Vegas from the Casino side, you are coming from the famous Mermaid fish tank inside the Silverton Casino.   We had just finished viewing a mermaid show (pretty neat!!!) and walked in with my 3 kids and husband.  I was focused on my youngest, getting a cart, and thought that my hubby was with the older kids taking in the two story waterfall, the great deals, snacks, fake shooting range, etc.  While my two oldest kids, ran in the direction of the toy section around the corner and over two departments.  (Way too far away.)  After a few minutes and a bunch of things in my cart, I had no idea that they wandered away without my hubby.  I called out to my kiddos and they didn't answer, I saw my hubby nearby with no kids.  So mommy alert went on and I started walking around and called to my hubby to go upstairs and look over the railing to see if he could spot the kids.  After calling out a few more times, my radar went blank and I started imagining a predator hunting my kids and walking out the door.  (This is how moms think when we get worried!)  So I turned on my heel and found the nearest employee.  This is where Bass Pro gets my 5 stars for customer service.  They got on their radios (attached to the hip of every employee), called out a special alert to watch every exit and got every employee in the place searching for my kids by name and description.  In a few minutes (which felt much longer) my kids were located in the toy department and brought over to me.  Once I chained them to our cart, we proceeded to shop and tell them to not leave our side ever, ever again.  It was a great lesson for us to learn as a family and great service from Bass Pro.  \n\nCannot wait to get back to this awesome place.  Go there to just see the neat fish tanks, but you will not be able to leave the place without picking up some good quality merchandise and you may even find a deal or two.