I wish I had more children, so I could send them to Global Minds too. As a working parent, my son has been in \"school\" since he was three months old. From three months to two years, he had loving caregivers supporting his development. We had a small gap though during his two's, when we sought a language immersion program that also catered to the social and emotional needs of two year olds. This gap produced an intensive preschool search that ultimately brought us to the doorstep of Global Minds.\n\nOnly opened for three months at that time - and with no more than a banner where the current, permanent sign is located - I stumbled upon Global Minds not through word of mouth but through a google search. As an involved parent, I naturally fretted my child starting at a brand new school that I couldn't research or learn about from others' experiences. However, all of my concerns dissipated after meeting Adam and Chi Chi. They are supportive, well-organized, and clearly care so much about each and every child.\n\nAt the time of my son's initial enrollment, I had a few \"must have's\" on my school list: a teacher and director that genuinely cared about my child, language immersion, emphasis on social and emotional development, and an attractive facility in which I would feel comfortable having my child spend his days. Global Minds has all of these in spades and more. A year later, my son has flourished socially and behaviorally -- and much of that has to do with his \"long talks with the Director\" and teachers that watch the children closely. He interacts with his peers appropriately for his age now, rarely gets frustrated, 'uses his words', understands more Spanish and Mandarin than I ever will, and has a lovely group of friends.\n\nAn educator myself, I have taken note of Adam's (the Director and owner) and Chi Chi's (Mandarin teacher and owner) wonderful student and parent relations skills. I have observed that they are so exceptionally talented in these areas because every decision they make is always with the best interest of their students in mind. Both of them are so selfless and very giving. On more than one occasion they have unknowingly served as mentors for my own community relationship building.\n\nIf I had to make a suggestion about what I would change at Global Minds, the answer would be 'nothing.' We have about a year and a half left at the school and I am already sad that it is such a short time away. Fortunately, their after school program is thriving as well; I fully intend on having my son come back for afternoon language sessions once he begins kindergarten. My husband and I are forever grateful to Global Minds for their hand in aiding in our sons' development during these formative years.