I went here last weekend for lunch for the first time. I heard a lot of great things about this place, and I can say from experience that they are all true!\n\nFirst, a lot of people rave about the great service and now I know why. Our server was amazing. Friendly, helpful, attentive, very pleasant to talk to, she made us feel very welcomed and took the time to talk to us and answer questions.\n\nSecond, a lot of people mentioned the great food and I can honestly say the food is amazing. I had a cheeseburger and fries and it tasted fresh and delicious. It was cooked to perfection.\n\nI really enjoyed the fries though the most. They were thin and crispy, but not burnt. So tasty! I was also impressed by the generous amount of fries they gave with the hamburger. \n\nWe also tried this chip and pita appetizer with dips. It tasted delicious as well.\n\nI was also pleasantly surprised by how reasonable the prices were. While the prices are not cheap, for a nice restaurant with amazing food, I was expecting the prices to be a lot higher than they were. \n\nMy burger and fries for example was only $13.97. While that is pricey when compared to say fast food, this is a few dollars cheaper than some sit down restaurants.\n\nI finally want to add one more thing, but I was debating whether I should include this in my review. Our server found out that this was our first time here and so she gave us a sample appetizer on the house to welcome us. We thought that was so nice of them! This is just another example of the excellent service that they provide. They really go above and beyond to make sure you have a great experience. They gave us this pork appetizer and it tasted amazing. \n\nI wasn't sure I wanted to mention the fact that we got free food in this review because one, I don't know if this is a regular thing they do and I don't want people coming here for the first time to expect to get free food like we did. Second, I don't want people thinking that I gave them 5 stars because they gave us a free appetizer. I would have given them 5 stars even without this very nice gesture.\n\nAnyways, I am so glad that I tried this place and I am so excited to come back and try more great food with incredible service!