Let me start by saying my husband and I eat at Texas Roadhouse at least once a month, sometimes twice or more. We were excited when this Tempe location opened as it's about 15 minutes closer than I favorite Gilbert location. This was our 4th or 5th time at this one and by far the worst. The last one wasn't great and my husband said to me \"if this had been my first time here, I wouldn't be back\" Today's experience was worse and not good from the start. The rolls were dry, as we walked to our table there must have been at least 6 or 7 un-bussed dirty tables. The girl who sat us got our dinner roll plates and put her hands all over the eating surface twice! I had to ask the waiter for new ones, He took our drink order, I asked for no ice and husband no lemon, not hard but yet I had a class full of ice and he had 2 lemon wedges. No biggie, we ordered our usual. Me, sirloin, medium-well, hubs Road Kill well. My steak was really well but okay because not tough. Hubs really did look like road kill! There was a huge pile of (cooked too long) onions on it, that was the first clue. His steak was like a big hockey puck. When I showed our waiter he was like \"I'm sorry would you like another\" husband said no that he's lost his appetite. He just walked away! He kept walking by us, saw hubs had a full meal he wasn't eating and we were ready to go. I had to even ask for the bill and of course he charged for the meal. Hubs asked another person to get the manager and as soon as he (Hilson) walked up he looked at the steak and said OH NO! He knew and was very apologetic. He not only took the meal off our bill but he also gave us a voucher for a free entree. Sadly, it will probably go to waste as we will wait before returning to let them get the kinks worked out. I'm sure they will but I'm not willing to suffer until then. For the first time in my life I did not tip. Our waiter J**i was the worst I've had at any TR, ever. He was polite for the most part but could not have given a shit about us or the restaurant. Sadly, I feel most of the wait staff at this new location feels the same. We were sitting close to a wait staff order, supply area and near the kitchen. There were numerous wait staff standing chatting throughout the time (and with dirty tables all over). One girl was always over there making like she was busy while she was reading and replying to text messages. She wasn't they only one and lord knows I'm attached to my phone but she was excessive and cell phones are DIRTY! I really hope they get it together and soon. \n\nHow do I add my own pictures? I wish I had taken pics of everything. Our rolls or the hubs green beans looked the pictures supplies here.