Let me first start by saying that this place is really neat. It's a very different experience where you can have fun with games you'll never see anywhere else for a great price. That being said, I have an awesome experience at this place always, but tonight was different. \n\nThe owner accused me of saying bad words. He came up to me and told me to take off my hood (which I understand why) and to not say specific words \"which he actually said out loud\" and in my defense I told him I wasn't cussing, because I wasn't, and he didn't believe me and walked away. I was upset cause I was so put off by this man. I'm the kinda kid that doesn't cuss, I'm a goodie 2 shoes. My best friends mom approaches the owner angry as all hell, asking him why he is accusing our kids of cussing. The guy flips his lid. \n\nHe just explains that he didn't want my hood on and that he was just simply exposing the policy on cursing, which I agree with obviously! He then calls me a \"white boy\" and says that he doesn't want to just tell \"black kids\" to take there hood off! What the heck? How terrible! Anyway he was a jerk, it ended like that, and he left. Oh and btw, he yelled at my brother and his friends earlier that night for the same reason, and they also don't curse at all. It was annoying and rude, but in his defense, he is a bit of a nut. He's out of his mind so remember that if he says something to you. \n\nPros: The place is amazing! It really is! And Even though the owner is a jerk, the other employees are some of the friendliest people ever. Especially Patrick. You can talk to that guy about anything. Shoutout to him and the other employees! It's super unique and awesome! Just remember: if you are cheering with excitement, talking to your friends, or maybe buying a beverage for your fellow gamer, that means you're cursing. Oh and if you have your hood on, you're a \"gangbanger\" as the owner so kindly puts it. Just be ready to defend your friends and family if you go here. Seriously though, this place is totally worth it.