I just wasted $80!  My friend and i tried this new vegetarian place. A few friends had mentioned that Fern was a great spot with vegan options. My friend is vegan and its tough to find a good place with GOOD food done right. Turns out, this was NOT one of those good places.\n \nIt has very nice yet simple decor. The mason jars chandelier was really neat. Even the silverware was cute. I like that lots of the vegetables were from local farms. We are big supporters of farm to table. \nService was good. Our server was very attentive and seem to be very knowledgeable about the menu. However, she spoke very loudly. It was a bit awkward. They were great with refilling our waters, but never asked if we wanted more sangria or another drink. Our mugs were clearly almost empty because we were eating the fruit left in the bottom, with a fork.\n\nWe decided to take our servers suggestion and went with the queens feast 4 course menu. My friend asked for the vegan options. Started with cucumber water & warm sangria which was fantastic. It actually was the best part of the meal. The rest of the meal was memorable in the worst sense possible. \nFirst course, winter veg bruschetta top with with. She received her with cheese. So we asked for one without. The bread wasn't toasted very well, so that made it a little hard to eat. Good flavor though.\nSecond course, I had the sweet potato and goat cheese tatin accompanied by a small arugula salad. It was eh..ok.... My friend had the blue corn fritters wit green chili sauce. The fritters was still raw in the middle and had no flavor. The sauce wasn't bad, but it would have been better if it was smooth rather than chunky.\nNext, I had the whole wheat pasta with house made portobella and seitan sausage with roasted brussle sprouts and topped with parmesan cheese. The pasta was very thick, tough and undercooked. The sausage was dry and flavorless. As if it had been seating under the heat lamp for too long after it was sliced. The Brussels were over cooked and mushy. The cheese was the better part of the dish. The entire dish lacked seasoning.\nMy friend had the veg ragu; kale, mushrooms, potatoes and tempe. Again lacked flavor and was just boring. \nLast course, vegan chocolate with rich chocolate sauce and a very unpleasant Orange cream filling. Apple crepes filled with what looked like house made Apple sauce, topped with few berries and whipped cream. I was looking forward to perhaps some sauteed apples or a compote of some sort. Something with texture. The Apple sauce was a terrible decision. \n\nWe are not picky eaters. We just know good food when we have it. We both believe that if the dishes were seasoned well and prepared properly, the meal would have great. We will not likely go back.