Attended a superb wine dinner at Hank's Fine Steaks Restaurant in Green Valley Ranch the other day.  Sponsored by Hartford Court Wines--Russian River\/Sonoma.  Jeff Stewart, Winemaker was present to provide some insights about his wines.  This was the first wine dinner at GVR with the new Chef--Charlie.  Started with an appetizer of Spanish Charred Octopus, with sundried tomatoes lima and fava beans and a hint of mint and hazelnut pesto, very good.  The octopus was fresh and had a great flavor especially with the pesto sauce.  This was pared with Seascape Vineyard Chardonnay 2012, very clean, crisp and some lemon-lime overtones, no oakiness to this chardonnay.  The next course was the salad; this was Farro (similar to quinoa--a wheat\/barley grain) sorrels, pea tendrils, with aged prosciutto and Pecorino Romano cheese all presented with a beautiful charred shallot vinaigrette. The salad was pared with Velvet Sisters Vineyard, Anderson Valley Pinot Noir 2013-- Aged in 37% new oak, blue-fruited Pinot Noir with notes of spring flowers, blueberries, blackberries, Asian plum sauce and forest floor, in a full-bodied, gorgeously textured and opulent style. Rated 96 points in Robert Parker's The Wine Advocate, October 2015.  The middle course consisted of a wonderful Duck Breast A l' Orange, accompanied with pistachio puree, cherry and pinot glaze\/reduction this was my favorite of the entire dinner.  The wine pared with this course was Jennifer's Russian River Pinot Noir 2012.  Stephen Tanzer's International Wine Cellar, May\/June 2014 gave 91 points, Vivid ruby. Fresh dark berries and cherry-cola on the nose, with smoky spice and lavender notes adding complexity. Supple and broad on entry, then tighter in the mid-palate, offering bitter cherry and anise flavors, and a touch of succulent herbs. Lingers with appealing sweetness, supple tannins and excellent nervy persistence. This was one of my favorite wines of the evening.  The main course was Kona (coffee) crusted Prime Hanger Steak, accompanied with potato puree, spring baby vegetables and a Zinfandel Reduction sauce.  The steak was surprisingly tender and prepared extremely well.  This course was pared with Highwire Vineyard Russian River Old Vine Zinfandel 2012. Robert Parker, Wine Advocate, December 2013 gave 95 points, a dense ruby\/purple color is followed by a rich, full-bodied wine displaying lots of boysenberry, black raspberry and cherry fruit intermixed with hints of incense and Asian spice. Supple tannins and a big, pedal-to-the-metal, juicy, succulent style.  And the dessert course was a bittersweet chocolate mousse with vanilla bean cremeux accompanied with passion gelee and chocolate crumbles. This was pared with Fannucchi Wood Road vineyard Russian River Old Vine Zinfandel 2011. This wine displays ripe blackberry, boysenberry and black raspberry aromas and flavors along with silky chocolate notes on the finish. Robert Parker review was listed at 91 points.  This to me was a very good wine with this dessert course.  Overall, the wine dinner was superb, all the courses were nicely presented and the wines were pared extremely well, very worthy and good job to Chef Charlie and all the GVR staff.