I have only good things to say about my first experience at the Mt Everest Restaurant.\n\nFirst of all the customer experience was fantastic. My table was never neglected by one of the three waiters working when I was there. They were all helpful and attentive without being overly intrusive with me and my date. They also had some great recommendations (for someone unfamiliar with their menu) and every recommendation was absolutely fantastic.\n\nI wouldn't usually go over my menu in a review but since I was so delighted by everything I thought I might as well.\n\nThe fish pakora for an appetizer was so delicate and cooked to perfection that it melted in my mouth. While the keema naan bread was just the right mixture of flavour and lightly baked texture, it paired so well with our meal.\n\nFor entrees I had the lamb boti kabab masala. I have never had this before so I honestly cannot compare it to a previous experience with this dish but the lamb was cooked perfectly and I love the spices and flavour of this dish. It had a nice heat to it. \n\nMy partner had the chicken biryani dish. Again, the chicken was cooked perfectly and the rice was as well. The flavour of the dish was balanced so well it was hard not to taste it a few times from my partners plate. \n\nFor dessert I had the gulab jamun. I've never had gulab jamun before so once again I cannot compare it to any previous experience but at first bite I knew this would not be the last time eating it. For those unfamiliar with this dessert it is a milk based dough in the shape of balls (about the size of chicken balls) served in a bowl with a syrup that is made with a selection of spices. The flavour and the aftertaste from the gulab jamun was just amazing to my tongue. The texture and flavour were a perfect mix. \n\nMy partner had the kheer rice pudding. This had such a lovely combination of spices that worked so well together and contained a nice flavour burst without being overpowering.\n\nI'm sure you can tell from my review that I enjoyed the meal at Mt. Everest restaurant and will definitely be returning.\nI highly recommend this restaurant and hope that any who go based on any of the reviews has the same wonderful experience as I did. \nI will update this review if things change on my next visit.