There are a couple things I look for when trying a new Vietnamese restaurant:\n\n1) Are the condiments for Pho already on the table?\n2) Can I get a bowl of Pho for less than $10?\n3) Are there other Vietnamese people eating there?\n\nI've eaten at Doan's a couple of times now and the answers to all three questions are \"Yes\". The Pho is delicious and the Pho Dat Biet (Pho \"Special\") comes with plenty of different cuts of meat including tripe which is often left out at other Pho places I've frequented in Charlotte. The broth is very hearty and I imagine it's like slurping the essence of beef.\n\nThe appetizers are a bit overpriced for what you're getting but are done well. I've tried the rocket shrimp (Tail-on shrimp wrapped in egg roll wrappers and then fried) and the regular fried egg rolls. A word of warning: give the rolls some time to cool off since the insides will be piping hot! I'd recommend getting a banh mi sandwich as a compliment to your meal instead of an actual appetizer. Doan's makes Banh Mi sandwiches to order. They get their bread and fixin's from Le's. Doan's sandwiches have Vietnamese sausage (cha lua), Jambon, Pate, pickled carrots, cilantro, and slices of jalopeno. I no longer need to drive all the way to North Charlotte to get my banh mi fix!\n\nFor main entrees, there are a couple staples that I judge a Vietnamese restaurant by: Pho and Com Tam. Doan's Pho is fantastic as mentioned above and I will definitely make the trip to eat it during the Winter. The Com Tam Dat Biet (broken rice with grilled meats) comes out very well presented and tastes great. The pork has the sweetness and chargrilled taste that I'm looking for.\n\nService was prompt and attentive. Caveat: I haven't ever been when the place was really busy and am not a serial-water-drinker like many of my friends for whom the waiter might as well leave the pitcher. Then again, I never expect service at a Vietnamese restaurant other than bringing me my Pho and leaving me to slurp in peace.