If I could give them a negative number of stars, I would. \n\nDEANA's, the employee I spoke with, (who is also apparently the wife of Dr. Jake) customer service is unbelievably terrible. \nNobody cares if the vet there is your husband.\nDEANA acted in a manner that showed she is clearly not mature enough to hold up a respectful, and composed conversation with another adult.\nShe needs to get her emotions and brattiness in order and under control. \nA call in to the vet for something as simple as just an explanation of what we had spent our money on turned into a very unpleasant encounter with their hostile employee who believes she is above everyone and all customers, due to the fact her husband is the vet there.\nI'm still very confused as to why this altercation occurred at all as I had gone about it in the most polite way possible, also going out of my way to ask her to calm down and quit being rude several times, but I assume it is because she lacks the rudimentary set of skills you might assume one has to be working in a field that requires you to interact with others. \n\nMy boyfriend and I took my new puppy and our three year old dog for the purpose of getting our puppy her shots. They let us know over the phone that they would call the shelter we got her from to have her records sent over. We went in for the visit and towards the end of our, maybe, hour long visit they informed us that our puppy did not need any shots at the moment, but will in two weeks. We set her appointment out two weeks and when the day of the appointment came, I viewed our previous invoice from our last visit and saw that we were charged 48 dollars for an examination for the puppy. I called them before the time of the appointment and politely asked them for an explanation of why we got charged for the examination fee when in fact they do not charge for examination fees during visits for vaccinations, and when they could have informed us that the visit was not needed as we would have had to come in two weeks later to get the shots. I was not asking for a refund or a reimbursement, just an explanation so that I'd be able to get a better understanding of what I was paying for. I had also made my intentions very clear. However, the employee I spoke to, DEANA, began to interrupt me and started going off about how I was arguing with her and that theres in fact nobody there at any time that can tell me whether my puppy needs shots or not because \"they can only go off of what the owners of the pets tell them.\" I thought they were the professionals in this field, which is why we bring our pets to the vet and we dont deal with their health issues ourselves at home. If they're not able to view records and be able to tell us what our pets need or dont need then I dont know who would find them qualified enough for us to trust with our pets. She then seemed to have calmed down before we started to close off our conversation. I asked her for her name and she spelled it out for me and then proceeded to continuously ask me several times if I was interested in canceling our upcoming appointment with them. I told her I was not interested in doing so as my puppy needed her shots but she responded by saying \"BTW, the doctor your puppy is scheduled to see is Dr. Jake, who is also my husband, so feel free to complain all you like,\" and then hung up before I could respond. I called them back to speak with somebody else regarding her attitude, but DEANA, again, picked up and informed me that she was the boss, the only manager in the facility, and that there would not ever be any body else able to help me regardless of when I called or came in. \n\nWe will not be taking any of our pets back there again and for others that continue or will begin to make visits there, I'd strongly advise to avoid dealing with DEANA, particularly, as you will only end up hearing loads about how her husband is the vet there and how she is untouchable.