I noticed my 14 year old cat was not himself and I was thinking kidney failure or diabetes based off symptoms, so I was referred here by a patient of mine I happened to mention it to while evaluating her. I called and I told them my cats symptoms and she said I shouldnt wait and should bring him in today. I was gonna wait till the next day. They had me an appointment within 2 hours. I walked in 20 minutes early to give time for paperwork but the really nice receptionist walked me to the room to fill out papers cause I didn't have a cat carrier and my cat would of roamed around everywhere. I was glad to see it was only one page. Yay. I hate paperwork. Before I was done the tech came in and got the preliminary info about what was going on, just like triaging a human. My cat didn't like the rectal temp but hey, can you blame him? Dr. Wildflower then came in after like 10 short minutes and looked at the cat and listened to me and then ordered bloodwork. The tech came back and gave me prices and asked if it was okay, which I appreciated. I said okay, because the prices were very reasonable. While they drew his blood, they gave him a slight sedative, (My cat swipes at ya) and while he was sedated they actually took the time to wash his backside (long story) and even clipped his nails. He came back 15 min later all clean. It was really funny watching him get reacquainted after waking up from sedation. He was only out maybe 5 min but he knew something was off. I waited about 15 min in the room and his bloodwork came back. Dr. Wildflower reviewed the findings with me and it turns out he is diabetic. Sugar was almost 650. But his liver and kidneys were fine. Whew. She went over the treatment plan and prescribed some insulin and sent the Rx to the pharmacy. Dr. Wildflower, the vet tech and the receptionist were all just wonderful, nice, caring. They didn't ask to do any uneccessary tests that are expensive and were straight up with me the whole time. Dr. Wildflower comes off as very knowledgeable and experienced and has good bedside manner. The techs and receptionist seem like they really enjoy there job and it shows. They even gave my cat back to me in a cat carrier to take him home in so he didn't jump around my car. Said to just drop it back off whenever. Very pleased and will be returning for future follow up care for my little guy. The length of time it took from the start of my appointment till the time I picked up the insulin and my cat got his first dose was maybe 2 hours. Very nice and my cat and I both appreciatte it.