My work buddies and I decided to go here on a lark for lunch today since we were craving something outside of the traditional Americana fare, and it was everything I thought it would be (but not more, hence the average number of stars). There were no belly dancers or tarot card readers, both dinner time lures advertised upon entering, since the noon-to-one crowd is generally geared toward the white collar crowd. That eliminated the possibility of a razzle dazzle performance that may have lured another star out of me, leaving the service, ambiance and food to shine on their own.\n\nThe service was adequate. Not really much to say either way on that. I did kind of like the fact that the wait staff was all eating there in a family setting and were just finishing up when I arrived. That immediately raised my expectations, since they wouldn't settle for anything nasty. Also, the kitchen was filled with....Turks! Not a single word of Spanish, which is quite an anomaly in the food service business. Again, my expectations raised.\n\nUpon entering, the customer is given the option of sitting at regular or low seating. I highly recommend the latter, as it consists of plush pillows and short stools arranged around round tables. The main dining area is very open air with warm colors and sparse decorations, but it feels more sterile than the environment created in the adjacent rooms. Within these rooms comfortable open booths and pillows, upholstered in dark, rich colors are accented by decorative lighting that could have been bought from a bazaar and transported straight here. The layout of these side rooms adds to the ambiance and present plenty of opportunity for conversation. \n\nWe all ordered lunch specials, which are composed of rice, pita bread, cabbage slaw and a meat of some sort. The lamb that I ordered was a little on the bland side and stringy. It would have done much better stewed than grilled. I would also highly recommend you trade the plain ole white rice for the biriani rice, which is saffron (turmeric?) based with veggie bits and walnuts. It was savory and scrumptious, the exact opposite of the cabbage slaw, which was an odd combination of vinegar, mint and garlic. It was a little pricey for a lunch special, ringing in at $10.95 without beverages, and the dinner specials are even more expensive.\n\nI would come here a second time for the atmosphere, and maybe for the belly dancing, but I would definitely try something else off the menu.