I love how cheap everything is at Walmart and shop here every day- I take care of animals for a living and always need something on the fly whether it's cat litter\/food, birdseed, cheap dog treats and toys and it's a bonus I can also stock up on vodka for the best price in town. The store is clean which I also really appears which was just one more  reason I shopped there every day, but I'm not going to anymore. \nI dropped a bottle of vodka in the parking lot and it broke. I took in my receipt and broken bottle and asked them if I could get another one because it had not been double bagged and while I should have caught that I didn't. The manager flat out said no which is fine but she also basically laughed at me and waved her hand dismissively. \n\nI realize it is not Walmarts fault that I broke my own merchandise but like I said they see me in there every day and for someone who spends all of their hard earned money there they could have just let me get a new bottle of vodka for Pete's sake- I had the same thing happen at whole foods with a glass jar of Beautiful dried tea flowers that cost 18 dollars I purchased as a gift and the management was so nice and gave me another one. \nI get that Walmart isn't really the top tier of customer care or anything but everyone I dealt with was unnecessarily rude. I wasn't so much bothered by the fact that they didn't let me replace my broken purchase, but I was extremely bothered by the disrespectful, snarky attitude of the manager (I did not catch her name) \n\nI have read several reviews from people at this very Walmart who like me, have been Treated so rudely they were obviously hurt and or actually cried. I'm sorry but if this is happening multiple times there is a huge problem - I'm pretty sure I've never read a yelp review for another business that routinely makes their customers feel terrible and break down in tears. \n(There are more of these stories you can find in the \"reviews that are not recommended\" section.) Is it just that the people who work at Walmart feel so embarrassed about their position that they need to put other people down or is it that they get treated so badly themselves in their place of work them selves they feel the need to treat customers the same way?