This story doesn't start out great, but it ends really well, so I have to give them 5 stars. Sick and unable to cook or drive, I ordered food for my son I from Cantina Laredo through Postmates. An hour after I placed the order, I get a knock on the door and take the food. Upon opening it, I discover that it isn't my order! Making matters worse, there was nothing in the bag that we could eat, due to a dairy allergy.\n\nSo I call the restaurant. Thirty minutes, and a very angry me later, I spoke with the manager, Mickey. I was so upset at this point, especially because of the thirty minutes on the phone. What I didn't realize, until I spoke with Mickey, is that while I was on hold, they were trying every way they could to figure out what happened, including contacting Postmates to get another driver, unsuccessfully (during dinner rush on a Saturday). It turns out, the order from Postmates never made it to the restaurant, so the driver just walked in and picked up somebody else's order (without verifying what was in the bag) and left. Obviously, this was not the restaurant's fault.\n\nI just wanted my food delivered to me as fast as possible, but since they couldn't get a hold of Postmates and the restaurant does not have it's own delivery service, that was looking like it wasn't going to happen. Again, I was upset by this, but said fine, just refund my card. Of course I was also thinking, and I won't order from here again.\n\nBut when I talked to Mickey and he realized what had happened, and that I was sick and unable to drive, he decided to get me my food however he could. I told him what I had ordered, but I did have to change one thing because it was something that wasn't even on their menu anymore, again Postmates fault. He asked if there was anything else he could add to the order, free of charge, which I thought was super nice. I declined anything extra though, because all I really wanted the whole time was the food we ordered. Still, I appreciate the gesture.\n\nA shockingly fast 20 minutes later, Mickey was at my door with my food. This is during the 7 o'clock hour on a Saturday. I'm sure they were slammed.\n\nThe food was excellent. I got chicken enchiladas with verde sauce and my son got tacos. The verde sauce was delicious. It has a spicy kick, but not overwhelmingly so. Their salsa is also incredible. One of my favorite salsas. I'm not sure why a lot of people slam their food. I think it's fantastic. It's not traditional, so expect something with a twist, and you shouldn't be disappointed.\n\nI've ordered from here before though, so I know I like the food. But the way Mickey went way above and beyond to fix this situation for me was just astounding. I'm not sure any other restaurant would have done that. If they don't have delivery drivers, they don't have them. Even though I had resigned myself to not eating dinner and warming up some leftover pizza for my son, I was very happy that we got to eat the warm, fresh, delicious Mexican food that we had decided we wanted. \n\nThank you, Mickey. You almost lost a customer through no fault of your own, but because of your actions, I will probably be a pain in your butt in the future ;)