Let me first disclose my bias: My boyfriend and I are HUUUGE fans of marvel. Like HUUGE. So this place probably got an extra star from me merely because nothing else like this exists. If you aren't a die-hard fan, deduct a star.\n\nWe went here on my recent trip to Vegas because we're obsessed! We bought travelzoo vouchers because money saving is huge for me! Right off the bat when we walked in was something I didn't like. You NEED a smartphone (to download their free app and use) or you have to PAY to rent a device from them (pre-loaded with their app). I love photo taking with my cell so I have no memory whatsoever on my phone so an extra app is a big burden to have to download. My friend's phone didn't have great reception so they eventually just told her to look at my phone. (When we entered there was another group of people also going in and unfortunately the greeter made ALL of them wait for my friend to try at least 5 times to download this app. Poor people!)\n\nThe actual museum itself was pretty cool, interactive with plenty of photo opportunities but was a bit small if you tend to be a fast museum go-er. If you interact with everything you will have a much better experience!!! You use the app on your phone to guide you through \"training\" although we kind of veered away from the \"story\" aspect of this tour and just treated it like an interactive museum. At the end of the museum they wait for enough of ya'lls to finish so you can \"fight\" as the avengers, which means you are each assigned a character (HULK, Iron man etc) and stand in this curtained off room and use your app to \"fight\" Ultron (giant movie screen). It's actually pretty fun and then at the end you are told you are now an \"agent\" which unfortunately I was the only one out of 4 of us who could do this cause everyone else's apps failed.\n\nAll in all, the app integration could have been much smoother but that doesn't take away from the cool museum and picture opportunities. If you are a fan, you will enjoy! LOOK FOR COUPONS!! (Have space on your phone haha.)