i've rented from kefalos for two years now and i can't say i'm bitter about my experience. nick sr. is the boss and he's always been real nice to me. he was the one who picked me up and showed me around when i was looking for places. unlike other real estate companies who have too many places and tenants to take care of, kefalos is small enough to be personal. they were really helpful when i broke the refrigerator and even was fair about only making me pay for half of the replacement since it was an old unit. also, they would have their people come over in a fair amount of time and fix things that needed to be fixed.\n\nmy apartment is in a very nice part of town and convenient enough to school. the place is near by a giant eagle and has an parking lot in the back that i don't ever pay for. the apartment is HUGE. three closets and a huge bedroom. the bathroom is pretty nice and the kitchen seemed to be worked on shortly before i moved in.\n\nnow on to the not so nice things to say...i was shown a second floor unit which i'm assuming was their staged apartment and was awesome. when i got in to pittsburgh (from out west) i only realized upon entering that my apartment on the first floor was not in the same condition as the unit above it.\n\nsome minor things were not in order but livable. but more annoying were the fans in the bathroom and kitchen which sounded like wookies. the refrigerator and stove\/oven were terribly old when i moved in and must be raising my electricity bill.\n\nthe toilet has been an annoyance for over a year now. it's set up in a way that makes the unit not function properly. the lever can't ever get back to its proper initial position, so the plug sometimes doesn't engage properly, leading to wasted water. if i don't catch it, it'll run until i get back and while i don't pay for it, i hate to be wasting water. besides, it woke me up\/kept me up many nights.\n\nwhen renewing my lease with kefalos they tried to up the rent, and it wasn't until i said i might find somewhere else that they agreed to keep it where it was and upgrade some things in the apartment (which they never got around to). in all fairness though i think it was more forgetfulness than empty promises.\n\nthe windows are large, terribly thin and poorly insulated which in the winter does not insulate well. what was a fireplace was boarded up and before they properly sealed it you could feel a breeze coming in.\n\nthe kicker, however, which is not even their fault entirely is the termperature control unit. these babies are real nice when working correctly but have minds of their own. they are designed to defrost themselves when its really cold, but they do it at 50 degrees. they turn on and sort of idle for hours for no reason. they don't hold the correct temperature and are an overall nuissance. i've unplugged the one in the living room because it's just gotten ridiculous. my electricity bill over the winter was in excess of 200 dollars, and i live alone and am hardly ever at home during the week. i don't keep the heat too high and am pretty conscious about wasting electricity. all my lightbulbs are those environmentally-friendly ones. in the summer my bill goes way down, so it can't be something i'm doing. the company that supplies and services these units are completely useless. they try to get me to do parts of their jobs for them (they're the next review in line). in short, i expected to pay no more than 100 dollars a month and ended up paying a ton more in living expenses than anyone ever should in a town like pittsburgh.\n\ni would recommend them to a friend, although i'd tell them to make sure they didn't have those godawful heating units.