I really enjoy DeFalco's because of its unique atmosphere and the exceptional, authentic Italian food.  \n\nDeFalco's is a family-owned Italian deli and market.  The restaurant is divided by racks of wine, imported pasta and a large inventory of desserts and treats. After ordering at the back of the restaurant by the meat and cheese cases you're free to choose a table; no matter where you choose to sit, that spot in the house becomes your own private restaurant.\n\nYes, it does take a little bit longer to receive your meal but this is because they take the time to make every dish to order (the sign on the door even indicates this). Whatever you order comes out in its glorious perfection.  And, you get some extra time to stroll around the store as your mind wanders; so many items to choose from, so many meal ideas!  \n\nMy dinner companion and I split a Caprese salad, a full order of Gnocci with Alfredo and red sauces on the side, an Italian sandwich, and a chocolate cannoli for dessert. \n\nThe Caprese: the tomatoes were perfectly ripe, the mozzarella was exquisite (and it was a generous portion!), and the basil was refreshing.  The salad came with a side of olive oil--this olive oil was some of the best I've ever had--and balsamic vinegar.  \n\nThe Gnocci was incredibly light and slightly chewy; again, another incredibly delicious dish!  The side of red sauce and Alfredo were perfect--I like to go back and forth between dipping in each of them to create sort of a Vodka sauce.  The Alfredo was rich and had a strong garlic flavor, something very unique and quite addicting.  \n\nWe had to try an Italian sub; after all, the huge list of sandwiches, both hot and cold, was practically calling our names.  The bread had just the right amount of crunch, but it was also chewy and soft in the inside.  I was going to hold myself back from eating the entire thing, but I couldn't.  So damn good.  \n\nAND the cannoli!  We chose the chocolate covered variety.  The cream had just the right density and ratio of chocolate chips.  The shell itself was crisp and the chocolate added just enough richness to the dessert.  Incredible.  \n\nAnthony DeFalco came to our table to see how we enjoyed our meal, which really completed the whole experience.  He's incredibly passionate about his family's restaurant and explained how they never cut corners on quality ingredients.  We asked about the amazing olive oil that accompanied our Caprese salad, and he went to the back to bring out a bottle wrapped in gold foil.  I only wish I knew where to buy this exceptionally light and pure oil, but then again, that is DeFalco's secret.