Hubby and I stopped in for lunch. Here's a summary: Good food, great staff and customer service.\n\nThe details: \nOur waiter was very outgoing, warm, and friendly. He made recommendations and knew the details of the menu very well. He checked on us a few times during our meal, and our water glasses were never empty. \n\nWe had Fried cheese curds to start. I believe they are made in house and per-breaded. They were good, but a bit too greasy for me. \nHubby had a combo of fried haddock and fried cod with a side of French Fries. it was a large portion of food and he liked how the fish was done. The batter was flavorful, but not overpowering of the fish. \n\n I had the make your own lunch combo with grilled shrimp, grilled salmon with avocado orange salsa, and veggies. I also had the option of a side salad or soup. The starter salad was average: greens, a few veggies, and dressing. The shrimp were good, but a bit on the overcooked side. The vegetables consisted of a blend of broccoli, snow pea pods, red pepper and zucchini. These were seasoned and steamed. I was very impressed by the veggies as they were cooked to softness, but not mushy. The salmon was the crowning glory. It's very difficult to find salmon cooked to perfection. Most cook it too much and it becomes dry. This salmon was flaky and tender, yet not overdone. This is only the second place in Madison in 8 years where I've had salmon cooked properly! I wasn't a fan of the avocado orange salsa it was plated with. I tried the salmon with a few bites of the salsa and scraped the rest off. To me, the salsa taste was too overpowering of the salmon. I'd recommend asking for it on the side if you like a nicely seasoned, well cooked, but unadorned piece of salmon. \n\nThe overall atmosphere is warm and comforting and done in shades of red. The seating consists of a combination of booths and tables. The only issue I had is that our booth was right by a support pole that made it a bit difficult to get in and out of the bench (which was only open from one side). The bar looks very clean and neat and fits the ambiance well. \nWe enjoyed looking at the wall decorations, especially the diagrams of cuts by animal and the Anatomy of Good Bacon diagram. \n\nWe will definitely be stopping again to try some of the smoked items.