I couldn't post this without clicking on a star but I wouldn't give this place one! And after writing that it would be unfair not to give it one!l\n  This has been a terrible experience as I'm sure going to the hospital is never a pleasure. Let me first say that I had a couple nurses that were good and Jesus went above and beyond especially after I had it out with the Dr. and was already frustrated and pissed with anxiety and pain! \n  Dr. Ahmed is a piece of work! First of all I came here because I was in excruciating pain. You would think that a hospital can, should and would do anything to make you comfortable for one but mainly to find out what is causing the pain. \n  I have learned that it seems that all that is trying to be accomplished is to make sure your not going to die. Don't get me wrong I'm thankful for that. The Dr. and nurses aren't in pain or have an illness just a job to do. If you don't like your job go find something else to do that you do like.\n  It's not easy to push my buttons and piss me off. I'm a very reasonable person and I truly don't like confrontation but I came close to saying some things I probably would have been sorry I said. Not because it wasn't true but because it really wasn't going to solve any of my problems. \n  At one point while a nurse was giving me medicine through the port of the catheter that was taped to my arm I felt the liquid running down my arm and stopped her. She stopped and now blood is coming out from the needle and dripping down my arm onto the bed. She rushed out of the room to get a new one. Does anyone see a problem? As she left the blood continued to run down my arm and the nurse had not returned I hit the call button and when the voice asked what I wanted I explained what was happening. She rushed to see and said let me find your nurse. As the blood continued to run down my arm and on the bed I took it upon myself to remove the tape and catheter noticing the plastic needle had broke so I pulled it out and put a napkin over the area and apply pressure. The nurse finally returned like it was no big deal. I took off my bloody gown and went into the bathroom to wash the blood off and came out and sat in a chair. Don't forget this whole time I'm in breathe taking pain. Do you think anyone got a new gown or changed the sheets? I had to pick the phone up and call housekeeping. A CNA from another room came over with a new gown when she realized what was going on. There were 4 people that did nothing! Just to let you know, this is no exaggeration!\n  The Dr. wanted to send me home not knowing the cardiologist had ordered a test and I told him I wasn't going anywhere. He was not very concerned about relieving my pain as I was now challenging him in his mind. He changed my medication I take to sleep for something that is 20% of what I have been taking for nearly 20 years not knowing that I know the difference. \n  I am still sitting here and the only reason is I need to speak to the patient advocate and hopefully the cardiologist just to find the results of a test that was done last night. I can't wait to get out of hear. I will manage my own pain with my primary care Dr. and go home and take the sleeping pills that have been prescribed for 20 years. \n  I do have to give a shout out to the kitchen who was always ahead of things calling for my meal orders and very accommodating to my off the menu requests. \n  I could go on and on about the bitchy nurses and the Dr. that I just couldn't get to see my point of view. I must have intimidated him. A common problem I run into with usually less educated people but perhaps he had his lunch money taken every day by someone I remind him of. \n  I should also give z shout out to the radiology team and the people that did some of the other testing but in general the service and cooperation with the team that was taking care of me was unsatisfactory and very disappointing! If you have an opportunity to go to another hospital by all means avoid MOUNTAIN VIEW HOSPITAL! \n \n  First I am shocked and surprised! Two representatives from the hospital just left my room. Apparently someone monitors their social media and they were concerned about my problems and wanted to know first, what and who was the problem and second was there anything they could do to change my experience. We had a very constructive conversation. I told them simply that the fact that they were standing here having this conversation showed me that they do care and I was told that the issues would be addressed. I would like to now give a shout out to Alice and Tammie for their concern and willingness to come speak to me and be proactive about what they could do. It's a shame that a rotten apple or two ruin the whole bushel! \n  Thank you both!