Excellent food and service for Christmas Eve dinner... minus the refrigerator effect\n\nOur family has a tradition of visiting a nice restaurant for Christmas Eve Dinner. From the Brown Palace in Denver to the US Grant in Sand Diego to the Phoenician in Scottsdale, it's a special occasion to celebrate with relatives.\n\nThis year, we decided to stay closer to home and agreed on Olive and Ivy for the cuisine and Yelp! ratings. It was a very good fit. \n\nOur service person, Jessica, did a fine job-- accommodating of taste preferences spanning grandparents to children, kept the timing of courses on track, and made sure drinks were never more tan 1\/3 to empty.\n\nBruchetta Trio was worth a try even if it was unremarkable. Hot chocolates hit the spot on a cold Scottsdale evening. Mediterranean salad, kale salad, and the plate of artichoke hearts were superb-- especially the latter.  Just as excellent, the rib-eye was supremely tasty and perfectly cooked, my wife was very happy with her salmon, and my father-in-law said the shrimp risotto was worth coming back for. The cheesecake was also good, though we were all so sated and chilly that it was a forced attempt at dessert.\n\nSpeaking of chilly: One (BIG) knock is that there is a well-used door in the back room. When wait staff traversed in and out, it sent 40-degree air our way. And when an inconsiderate family was finished eating, they held the door open for a good five minutes as everyone sauntered out. A waiter finally noticed and came to have them close the door as I got up to ask them to not freeze us any longer. The result was the same: We ended up eating most of our meal with our coats on us and our food quickly lost its heat. I'm docking one star just for that poor experience and for no one noticing or making a good effort to fix things. Could just be that it's southern Arizona and they aren't used to looking for people eating with coats on, but still...\n\nDefinitely worth the visit and I suspect the chilly letdown we had was an anomaly. The food and service staff were quite good.