Wow. So this happened last night and I feel it is important to share, especially considering that I try to make the time for great reviews more than shitty ones. And, that I had no idea I had a reply from Adam, as I don't come here all that often--mostly to check out community reviews! My dear friend and his girlfriend were visiting from TX. They are Vegan and both gluten free because of health concerns (celiac). I'm gluten free because it changed the inflammation in my body significantly. I had forgotten that my last experience at Fern was so poor and suggested them, Luna's, or Perfectly Pizza for dinner. We decided Fern. My mother needs a cane at this point to get around and asked if I would mind stepping in to request an outside table for the four of us for our dinner. There was a man with three dishes in his arms coming towards the entrance\/exit, so I held the door for him to get out onto the patio. He looked right at me and DID NOT smile or thank me, much less greet me. I walked inside and a waitstaff person greeted me nicely and then simply pointed to a back table and asked it if would do. The same man that I held the door for greeted us at the table and when I asked what menu items were gluten free (we only were seeing V notations) he replied with: Well, everything has gluten in it so That depends on how gluten free you are. He then went into a brief and seemingly (to All of us), mildly aggressive account of cross-contamination through cooking in a pan and then washing that pan, sharing a fry bath, or just plain gluten in an ingredient. \nHe then referenced the raw tacos, salads, and side veggies as acceptable. One of my friends asked his name and he replied it was Adam. We told him we would like a minute. One of my friends and I are both in the healing communities and perhaps a bit more sensitive than the average person to \"less than pleasant\" vibrations, especially from people handling our food. I happen to have about a decade's in the food service industry, mainly fine dining and still occasionally serve or bartend for a friend's catering company here in charlotte. I completely understand having an \"off\" day or moment. However, when you are in the service industry, shelving your person issues is fairly paramount to allowing the people that have come for a wonderful experience to happen. \nWe decided that we didn't want to try to balance his pissy energy and bounced to Luna's where we had a wonderful experience.\nI'm sure I won't forget this Last time at Fern. Too bad. It was always stellar over on Central. Adam, best of luck getting it all sorted out.