I was looking for an apartment and this one worked well for me. I had toured them a couple years back so I knew what I was getting in to. I did see online reviews and chose to give them the benefit of the doubt--my first mistake. I went on a Saturday, very prepared. I brought my printed off filled out application, my application fee in the form of a cashier's check, copies of check stubs, license copies, ALL THE STUFF. Paula was working and she gave me a tour and we discussed what I wanted and what was available. The apartment was available a week after I needed it but I would make it work and crash at my parents' house, another thing we discussed. Paula called me a few hours after I left and told me that I was approved for the apartment at the moving date we discussed! She told me what my deposit would be based on my credit check and told me to bring that and the reservation fee on Monday, so I did. I went after work to turn in all my stuff with my cashier's checks and Deb was working. Deb had already RENTED OUT MY APARTMENT TO SOMEONE ELSE. She told me that \"someone came in today with all their stuff\" so she just decided to do whatever she wanted. I was totally confused on how someone could even KNOW what to bring, as they had to do a credit check on me before even telling me what my deposit would be! I asked if Paula just did not communicate with her that I was coming? And she told me that YES she was expecting me and that Paula DID in fact tell her! Deb kept telling me how \"busy\" she was on Monday (how that is relevant to anything we discussed, I don't know) and that she \"didn't have time to do anything\" but then somehow DID have time to process this other applicant's credit\/background check that same day???!? If you're that busy Deb, why wouldn't you just wait out the day to see if I was actually coming, LIKE PAULA TOLD YOU I WAS, and just process the checks the next morning if I didn't show????? I sat there dumbfounded as Deb pulled out MY folder that had MY apartment number off that she then was crossing out since she rented MY apartment. I called the next day to talk to Paula. Paula was equally confused as to why in the world Deb would rent out the apartment I was already approved for, without even so much as a courtesy call. She said she would check on everything and call back. When I talked to her again, Deb got on the phone. She was so completely rude and condescending to me while I was calm and inquisitive to ease my confusion. I was literally crying on the phone with her because they screwed me so badly out of this apartment that I already was approved for, that I already paid $50 to get that credit\/background check done. She did not care about me or my money or my living situation. But she did tell me she would give me back my reservation fee and deposit although \"we normally don't do that.\" I, of course, decided not to live in this complex after that. I would not be able to live somewhere where the front desk does not care anything about me. All I wanted to do was give them money! Read the reviews, people. Read them on every review site you can. LISTEN TO THE REVIEWS!!!! DO NOT LIVE HERE. I'm out $50, too. They definitely should have given that back.