The chicken is very small so they r like baby chickens or small breed . If u r hungry better order the half chicken than \"leg\/breast) it's about as \"big\" or \"small \" as grocery store pre cooked chicken. But the chicken here is much better seasoned and very tasty ! Usually a lot roasted chicken don't have much taste under the skin, the chicken here the meat is tasty n tender soft . They def seasoned well long enough :):) \n\nThe dippings--- YUK !!! The green one tasted like raw watery grass juice, I had never tasted anything like that before ! N the creamy (looking) one u have to pay extra 50 cents for is just as bad. I can't explaine the flavour it just tasted YUK like grass juice. My bf n I both ditched the sauces aft 1 st try . The chicken tasted good on its own. :):):) \n\nBeers r not cheap. We ordered 4 Ace (toronto brand) beers . Ace website each can is $2.75 if u buy 24 at time . Came to table in Cans. U pour yourself lol. They charged him $9 each when menu says $8.5 each . We didn't realize it till got home. Not really worried about $2 but seems unusual everything else on the bill is itemized n descriptive n long when Beer on bill just says beer n it \"happens the wrong beer\" x 4 .\n\nWait staff is nice n warm. The place is very inviting . The only thing I can mildly think that is slightly annoying is my wait staff kept tossing my hand tissue away half way thru my eating. Hey when I eat 2 chicken legs can't really use knife n fork . It gets messy n sticky one point , I'd wipe my hand to use my phone or grab water before going back to eating . the waitress looked at my tissue as I was eating , debated n paused for about 3 seconds n grabbed me my bf's tissue n left as I was chewing left me with both hands sticky n oily. I don't think she is being rude by any means , I suspect she is neat  freak can't tallorate partially used tissue\/napkin on table siting that it's eye sore for him.  I wish she replace fresh tissues for me each time tho. Becusee she doesn't come to table often so it causes quite bit inconvenience in the end aft we ordered second round of chicken n tissue was \"stolen\" 3rd time . She was chatting a customer at bar in deep convo. My bf was bad customer for once that stole the tissue wrap next table for me --- heeheeeheee \n\nOver all it's cute inviting space ! I would come back for chicken and the coconut squash soup! Not the salad! Salad is just bunch things thrown together looks nice but nearly not as flavourful as it looks. It didn't have much taste to it lack of any flavour.  I am sure some ppl still dig it since I know a lot ppl like plain tasting salads. :):)