Let me start by stating that this is by far my favorite Cirque show here in Las Vegas! Prior to seeing the \"new\" show last night, I have seen the show four times. YEP! You could say I kinda like it.\n\nThis is LOVE's 10 year anniversary this summer so they decided to change up a view numbers and add some new songs as well. I had heard this a while back and couldn't wait to attend. My husband surprised me on my birthday last night with tickets so off we went. This was the second night of the new show and I was so stoked!!\n\nThe theater is set up in a circle so every seat has a great view. I liked the seats my husband chose this time as it put us closer to the stage then I have been before. It felt like we were part of the show.\n\n I was a little nervous that they might have changed the opening number but happy to report it is still the same (so happy). I believe I counted four new numbers and all but one were brilliantly performed. This show invites you to move the whole time so I find it hard to stay in my seat, but the ushers make you sit down if you get up to dance in your row (dumb Vegas rule). The dancing, acrobatic stunts and aerialists are all extremely talented and you will have a few jaw dropping moments at some of the stunts performed. They all make it look effortless and easy. The finale is one of my favorite parts of the show and although I never want the show to end, I leave this show with such a great feeling in my heart.  The Beatles have such a massive library of music that for me this show could go on and on and I will never grow tired of it. Even if you are not a huge Beatles fan, I guarantee you will still enjoy this show just based on the action, colorful props, and the performers. They are all very friendly and work so hard to put on an amazing performance every night!\n\nI don't want to say too much as to not give the show away, but the added numbers to the show are a plus! The show is inside the Mirage Hotel. Parking is easy to access off of Spring Mountain Road, so no hassles and having to deal with Las Vegas Blvd. The showroom is very easy to find and it is bright, colorful, a little British and helps you get in the mood for the show. The gift shop is right outside the theater and it is full of the coolest Beatles memorabilia all for purchase. \n\nThis show is a wonderful tribute to a phenomenal band and I think everyone should experience this show while in town or living here.