I had almost written this place due to lack of clean food options. The food tastes pretty good yes, the service is pretty friendly yes, and it's easy because it's the biggest most often open restaurant in Davidson. \nBut the Heinz ketchup bottle on the table the Cisco whipped butter packets in the plastic containers,  corn syrup filled jelly packets...  turn off to anyone  who believes in the importance of good nutrition which as all evidence now points to equals clean ethically sourced, sustainable, organic, non-GMO foods.\nI stopped by this morning because my favorite clean restaurant is closed on Tuesday mornings, and o was hungry! andwas pleasantly surprised to learn the grits are organic and they're trying to source their foods in more conscientious way. The quality of the meat could not be attested to so I went with vegetarian option - the avocado Benedict although not organic or free range to the best of the original servers knowledge, was excellent as was the gluten-free multi grain toast. Pico de gallo on top taste quite fresh and homemade. I had the pleasure of me being advised and educated by Helen who was well-informed on the country's food quality dilemma, as well as on the current status of the restaurants food, and the direction they are trying to move, and she was very professional and sweet. I will definitely be back with my whole crew for some lovely grits and toast (Will order bacon when we learn that you have sourced nitrate free\/non-gmo corn fed -at the rate they're  going maybe in the near future) but please consider a more fresh natural jelly or jam. This can be stored for a long time and should be pretty cost-effective whether bought or made. \nSlightly perplexed why the original server did not know what the food quality of the basic things on the menu was. Is it due to lack of interest in Davidson\/the customers coming in don't ask, or lack of management educating the servers ? When a customer specifically asks about  quality or origin of an item on the menu they should know, but it also is a big marketing\/selling point for the food product if it is clean of toxins and conscientiously sourced. This is a hot topic in this small town as evidenced by the wild and immediate success of the two clean food restaurants in the town, as well as nationwide as evidenced by the current elections...and the more we all talk about it the better things will get- hopefully soon we will be able to trust the food we are being served without probing inquiry  :-)