This review is about HAVASUPAI BG WILD and not the majestical Havasupai Falls. \n\nThis was by far the worse backpacking adventure I've ever been on. Save your money, research and anyone can do this on their own.\n\nI had to request an itinerary months after i paid in full. I had a few follow up questions because the itinerary that was emailed had conflicting instructions from the instructions posted on their website. It took an unreasonable amount of time for someone to respond to my email and I was told that the person designated was having family issues. \n\nThe first day of arrival our guide text us around 7am to let us know that he wouldn't be starting with us, that he would catch up or fly in. I didn't understand why he sent out a text since we were not suppose to meet him until 10am. \n\nWe were supposed to meet our guide at the tourist office for a meet and greet but also (more importantly) to give us our permits, but he never showed up. \n\nSome of us were stopped by a ranger on a horse because we didn't have the wristband permits that were supposed to be given to us by the guide. The ranger was nice but he still asked for my name and permit. I told him that I was with bgwild and our guide hadn't shown up and he said it was unacceptable that Cole hadn't given us our permits. \n\nFast forward. It's now 11am and I'm at the campsite and I still have not met the guide. Another ranger named Erwin came over to the table where I was sitting and asked for my permit. I started asking around and no one had met our guide.\n\nThis is a very long story so let me get to the point. This was a 2day\/1 night traditional trip so in my opinion there was no room for error. We didn't meet our guide until 5:30pm. I prepaid to have my pack transported by helicopter sling and i didn't get it until 6:15. Which meant I had no food from 12-6:15p when my pack arrived, no swimsuit, no shoes or a change of clothes to continue the hike to Mooney and beaver falls. I would've carried my swimsuit and food had I been informed. I was under the impression that my pack would meet me there. There were no details given about what to expect in the itinerary or on their website.\n\nEven if I believe that Cole waited 5 hours for a helicopter and that the Natives were to blame for his tardiness, that means he didn't get to the trailhead until noon. He was supposed to greet us at the tourist office at 10am so he still was 2 hours late getting to the trailhead by his own admission. He arrived at the campsite around 5:30.\n\n\nWhen Cole finally arrived he didn't even apologize. A simple \"I'm sorry for the delay\" would've made the experience a little better but he immediately went into to defense mode. I'm sure we looked pissed when he walked up because he immediately started blaming the natives. This wasn't cool at all. Accept responsibility for your actions and stop blaming ppl for your tardiness.\n\nTo date no one has apologized. \n\nI'm a member of a travel group on social media with over 376k members  AND WILL SHARE MY EXPERIENCE WITH ANYONE THAT WILL LISTEN. \n\nI WILL NEVER USE THIS COMPANY AGAIN!!!!