I have been coming here about 9 months for gels. About 6 months ago they sent Jennifer to the table to do my nails. She had ear buds in and never acknowledged me, no hello, didn't even look up. I thought maybe she's having a bad day and I can deal with that. When I got home I realized every nail was rough. The polish was uneven. I didn't call them and complain, I just filed them myself. I went there a couple more times (no Jennifer) with great results. I go in after work one day and who do they sit at my table but Jennifer. She smiled, greeted me, she was a changed woman. I thought maybe she has more experience now and became a better nail tech! I was wrong. Another lousy set of nails. Again, I didn't call and complain. I do not like confrontation and drama. My nails grow out and because I'm lazy I don't want to go to a new salon. I call this time (the gentleman that owns it answered the phone) and ask if Jennifer is working. He said no, I said good, she's not a competent nail tech, she did my nails twice and both times a disaster. He says I know, we fired her! He told me he was sorry and to come in and he would \"take care\" of me. He did a great job, then charged me full price for gels and a manicure. Even though I had already dropped over $85 (with tips) on bad services. But I sucked it up, paid and tipped. Yesterday i go in and get sat at a table in the back next to the owner. While the tech is doing my nails he keeps looking over, watching what she's doing. I didn't think anything of it at the time. She did them in rapid time. I notice she hardly put any gel on them. I get home and they're bending and I can see the nail ridges through the (pink) polish. She only put two coats of polish on. She filed the tops of my nails like mad and they're now like paper. They are on the thin side to begin with which is why I get gels. I call and the woman owner answered. She agreed gels make your nails stronger. She also told me the nail tech was new but had experience. She told me to come in and she'd fix them. I get there, she tells me to go sit at a table.  The owner didn't even sit down. She looked at my nails and said they were fine. Totally reversed what she said the night before. Argued (nicely) with everything I said. I knew we were getting nowhere fast so I thanked her and left. I give up on this place.