Heed the advice of the reviewers for this clinic. I thought it was just a fluke of a bad experience or just a busy day for the office for some people, but the service is terrible at heart.\n\nI went here as a new patient on 12\/21\/17 and this is one of those get in and get out type of doctors office. The office staff SHOULD find another job since patient care and experience seems to be their least of their concern, and more concerned about their emotion well being. Front staff ignores people, office is unorganized and in disarray with people standing while trying to figure out which of the 2 windows to go to. What makes it worse is the genius sign in sheet location is taped in front of a window where people are getting helped at. As it was my first time there, the girl who handled my papers mentioned a rude remark when I didn't give her my ID when she clearly said that she needs my insurance card and nothing else.\n\nAs for the inside the doctors office, expect to your say what your problem is in 1 sentence and don't get any concerned feedback or questions returned. The nurses are there to guide you like a cow at a farm, pre check up, and leave you in a room. The doctor named Knirk, (i think) was okay. She is nice and performed all the necessary physical exams, left a \"short\" session question for concerns unlike the nurses, and covered most of the grounds that I had concerns with in her initial examination and my history.\n \nOutside the doctors office via phone calls, is where another frustration starts with the office staff. Got a question? Be prepared to get hung up on, sent to the answering machine, or ignored before even introducing yourself. What ticks me off is they actually answer then send you to a brick wall. They clearly would ignore you after hearing a voice they don't want to deal with.\n\nWould give this place a 0\/0 but I give it a 0.5\/5 stars only because of the decent doctor in there. There is no point for a doctor who has near useless and rude office staff.