It's taken me quite a while to eat at Kaya, but between a group of friends' invitation to eat here and a $10 off coupon I had to stop in and give the place a try this week. Overall I was definitely not disappointed.\n\nI came in around 7:00 for dinner, which meant I missed their 4:30 - 6:30 happy hour. A minor disappointment on my part but not their fault by any means. Either because it was a Tuesday or because the happy hour was over the place wasn't super full when I came in; it was, however, still kind of noisy, and it was probably not the best place I could have gone with a large group of folks that wanted to talk. But we did just fine and managed to make ourselves heard without hurting our throats from yelling during the evening, so at least the noise levels weren't super bad. The restaurant also wasn't brightly lit but it was still bright enough for me to read my menus quite easily (and to enjoy the colorful murals, masks and other decorations in the place). The menu itself was so fun to read - the meals all looked flavorful and the drinks were definitely unique, so everything stood out to me. It was really hard to pick what I wanted. \n\nI ended up ordering a Pomegranate Mai Tai and the fish tacos. Neither disappointed. The drink was simply delicious - it was made with Amrut Old Port rum, Myer's Dark rum, pomegranate liqueur, amaretto, and lime. The result was a tasty drink that was sweet, but not too sweet, with a twist. There just aren't enough words for how much I liked this drink - I can only say that my friends commented that I started beaming after my first sip! \n \nAnd the fish tacos? Just excellent x3! There was definitely a moderate level of spiciness but I didn't think it was too much, so long as I paused to sip on my water and Mai Tai every couple bites. They were also crispy but not overcooked, so they had the right amount of crunch but also weren't overly dry (a problem I've found with other fish tacos in the past). Best of all there were plenty of toppings and sauces to top off the fish - avocado, cabbage slaw, a spicy sauce and cilantro - and as a result I got to enjoy a full taco featuring mouthfuls of flavor every time I took a bite.\n\nAfter all that, I reeeeally wanted to have dessert - I just knew that it would be absolutely delicious, too (and it was! it was moist and yummy and OMG I'm running out of descriptive words to use) - but just didn't have the room to eat it there. So I asked if they could packed up a chocolate chip banana bread pudding for me to take home. They could! At that point I thought my night was more or less complete. Unfortunately dessert was about the point we saw a couple problems service-wise; our waitress actually put in the wrong dessert order for one person, which held us up a bit; there was also a major slowdown in service around that point, as our waitress stopped checking on the table so frequently. As a result it took 25 minutes to get our checks. Fortunately I had nowhere important to be on a Tuesday night, but I'd definitely be wary of eating here in a time crunch after that.\n\nWell, service slowdown or not I would SO come back for another meal or just for a drink sometime; the dining and drink options here are worth any potential future hassle in my opinion, and I'm hopeful that what I experienced near the end of my night was just a fluke. Just a final word of advice for new Kaya diners: the spiciness in certain dishes can be a bit much if you're not a fan of spice, so it doesn't hurt to ask about this before you order any meals here. Personally, I'm not the biggest fan of spicy foods and I thought my meal was DELICIOUS, so I still recommend them.