I had gotten a look at a kenwood stereo system on ebay from them and inquired on the installation for my camaro. After being told to come in and subsequently buying the system I told them I want the new radio functionality to work just as it does with the stock radio. After witnessing the mistake on the installation and having to end up waiting till 7pm for them to finish, it was closing time,  and I didn't have the opportunity to go thru all the features there at the store.  They're like if you have any questions just call or come back by and we'll help you out. I get home and after going thru the stereo functions I realize I no longer have my xm radio functionality. I'm a little pissed at this point as if I would spend $1300+ on a system to lose functionality of what the oem radio did. I call in the next day to discuss the situation and was told that there was additional $80 part needed to make the xm work. I'm like ok when can I get it installed taking into consideration we're now on the weekend. So monday is the appointment day and I go back on ebay to get the part which was only $50 on their ebay page. So I show up monday and was asked why I bought it on eBay. Well because you said $80 and it was clearly $50 so it was covered with a well the install would make it $80 cause we still gotta charge you the install. I'm laughing cause you don't set the new radio up with full functionality of the oem, mess up the install,  have me there till 7p which I can only imagine if I wouldn't have been sitting there watching it happen how they would have explained how I drop the car off at noon but it aint ready till 7p excuse. I come back for a $50 part and you still want to charge me more install? Ok cool I got you and hence the yelp review and the rating. Now the quality of the product is awesome, the install was clean. I'm not saying don't go here for your audio needs, what I am saying is be clear down to the T on what you want of your aftermarket radio to avoid missing any required components and being subjected to an upsale. I told them I'd give them the kind of review that thought they should deserve based on why I was back in the store.  So on ebay they got an excellent because the equipment was on point but while the professionalism was good for the quality of service at the store itself they'd get a 2.5 star but yelp doesn't do halves.