I went in here a few times to find a super soft comfy bed. Tuesday 9\/19, I went in and bought the bed I'd tried a few times, also bought a bench. My sales person JR, filled out a sales order and gave it to the clerk for me to pay. I paid just over $2200.  Bed to be delivered next day. They gave me a copy of sales order with my receipt. \n\nNext day deliverers showed up and were great! Super efficient and nice. Set everything up quickly. The bed didn't feel as soft as the store but I figured it was just unwrapped and maybe it needed to \"fluff up\" a bit. Nope\n\nThis is now the following day. My husband and I slept so poorly, we were up most of the night. This bed is firm with a pillow top. Don't know where the error occurred: the facility, the wrong sku... no clue but this is NOT WHAT WE ORDERED! \n\nSo, while I was up most of the night I looked at the invoice, still not sure about the sku but I realized our salesman added a mattress protector for $109.99 without asking me or discussing this. Merely adding a hidden additional expense is stealing to me. \n\nOddly, when the delivery guy handed it to me I thought this was so cool, they tossed in a thank you gift!! Nope. \n\nI've sent a message to our salesman to remedy this situation  and will update this review as I go along. But clearly, at this point I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS BUSINESS! But 5 star express delivery gets a 5!\n\n\nUpdate: I returned the mattress cover and was refunded my money. I was very clear I felt this was stealing and not happy about it. Additionally, manager was very eager to rectify the mattress situation and the mattress is to be changed out on Friday this week (only because I am out of town). I sat on the replacement bed at the warehouse and while it's nowhere near as soft as floor model it is significantly softer than the previously delivered one. So, while I am thinking about it, I'd recommend people buy their mattresses from a bed store. The selection would be greater and I'd anticipate fewer issues. Update will continue once I'm back in town and receive my bed.\n\nSaga continues!! OM gosh... new bed delivered. What was ordered was a K-PPT Huntington extra soft. Delivered just now was a replacement a Chesapeake Bay luxury firm.  Grrrrr. The movers asked if the could just leave it here instead of changing it out again and let customer service deal with it. At this point I just want my money back and they can take it all!!\n\nUpdate, they finally picked up the bed and accessories, returned my $, except for the shipping charge. I demanded that as well, since they shipped the wrong items. I bought a bed from a bed store and am super happy now.