I called Mark at A-Quality yesterday, I obtained his info VIA my Homeowners Insurance. The blower in my air exchange unit went out the night before.  Very hard to sleep in 84 degree conditioins.  Moving along, I made contact with Mark, and he advised he would be at my home between 11 AM & 1 PM.  I think he arrived at 11:10 AM.  He and his assistant got right to it.  Diagnosed the problem immediately, only after a series of tests to confirm their diagnosis.  The motor was burned out, and they did not have a 3\/4 HP on hand.  Typically, these motors are 1\/2 HP units, but I had an odd one!  No Problem. Mark advised they would have one by the end of the day and he would have Daniel, return the following morning between 7AM & 8AM to replace the motor.  Mark even called me that same evening to let me know they have the motor and we were still on for the next days installation.\n\nThe next day a few minutes after 7 AM, Daniel arrives, motor in hand and is ready to get to the task at hand. In approximately 30 minutes the new motor was in, Daniel ran a series of function tests, just to make sure all was working correctly.  My AC was back and cooling my house down.\n\nNow all of this took place in less than a 24 hour period. Not to mention I had an UNTYPICAL motor, they were still able to get, arrived when they said they would, call me in the evening to let me know they got my motor, and again arrived on schedule the next day, and completed the job.  What more could you ask for as a customer.  Nothing, they did it all, just like they said they would.  A - QUALITY REFRIGERATION INC, is a \"Top Shelf\" service company, they have earned the right to be proud of the company and the name.  I will tell all of my neighbors to call on A-Quality for any of their needs.  I will also tell my Family to use them as well.  \n\nPeople can be quick to jump and express how unsatisfied they were with any type of service.  My practice has always been to let them know when they do a great job also.  And A - Quality did just that.  \n\nThank you Mark and Daniel.