After researching several wedding venues on the Las Vegas Strip, we decided to consider off-strip venues to get more value for our dollar. In our search, we stumbled upon Wedgewood at Stallion Mountain. Wedgewood makes planning such an important event relatively easy. Their planning tools are great and their flexibility with vendors is a major plus. I'm very detail-oriented and hands-on, so planning a wedding from across the country had me extremely nervous. We were able to make a trip to Vegas a few months prior to the wedding to see the venue and I was very pleased with the space, especially the awesome view! We got married in the gardens which had been updated right before our wedding (yay). I was so excited to see how nicely everything came together the day of - from the ceremony decor to the reception space - everything looked awesome! \n\nPart of what sets Wedgewood apart from other venues would be the vendors that they have partnered with.  One of the reasons we were attracted to this venue was because they already had relationships established with many of the vendors we were interested in using.  Ultimately, we used all of the preferred vendors except for one (only due to finding better pricing elsewhere) but the established relationship definitely made coordination of services a lot easier - it was practically seamless. \n\nI worked with all of the sales coordinators - Megan (my initial contact), Jacquelyn, and Lindsey - and each of them was wonderful. Lindsey was especially great when it came to our rehearsal coordination. Although we arrived late (a LOT was going on the day before the wedding), she was able to calm me in my frazzled state and quickly get the wedding party situated for what was remaining of our rehearsal time. Megan and Jacquelyn did a great job with the the day-of coordination of the wedding, making sure that everything ran smoothly. The banquet and reception staff was awesome as well. Our bartenders, Joy and Alena, interacted wonderfully with our guests and somewhere along the lines, a signature cocktail was even created. Patty, the banquet captain, along with Joe and Justin did a great job ensuring that we and our guests got everything we needed. Sherdon aka DJ Slip did a great job as our MC and ensuring that the order of the evening went as planned! A friend of ours served as our actual DJ for the event but Sherdon had absolutely no issue working and coordinating with him.  Our family and friends gave nothing but great reviews of the space and the food. Everyone absolutely fell in love with the backdrop and rushed to take photos in front of it, to the point that we had to usher many guests out of the ceremony space so that we took take OUR photos with the professional photographers.  :-)  The next day, Patty even helped us collect the items that we left at the venue.  In the end, I couldn't be happier that we chose Wedgewood as our venue... it allowed our guests to get away from The Strip for an evening and provided a much better value and overall experience than what we probably would've received at a hotel or resort.