Summary of review:\n*had to pay WAY more than I was originally quoted for my deep cleaning\n*I continue to get miscellaneous bills from them after I was given the impression that I paid for everything. \n*Dr. Randall Dale was rude to me and did not answer my questions or make me feel comfortable\n*They repeatedly called to request moving appointments to earlier in the day (happened 3 times for 3 different appointments) which I don't understand the logic of this..\n*I will be switching to a different dentist!\n\nFull Review:\nI moved to AZ about a year ago and was in need of a dentist. Eicon was recommended to me by a friend of a friend so I went in for a check-up\/cleaning. I never thought too much about which dentist I go to. I just graduated from college and hadn't been to a dentist besides my family one back home.. Eicon has been a very poor experience. \n\nUnfortunately, I needed a deep cleaning. I was quoted a certain price after they looked at my insurance. They said insurance would cover 90% of the procedure so I agreed to pay it and signed the paper. However, they completely blindsided me AFTER my deep cleaning appointment and told me I would actually have to pay for %40 of the cleaning. I'm just out of college and a public school teacher. I could not afford this! I wouldn't have agreed to do it all at once had I known the actual cost. When I showed them the signed agreement that had me paying %10, they told me there was nothing they could do even though it was their fault! \n\nNow, I know insurance is difficult to deal with regardless of which office you go to, but this is not the only reason I am upset with Eicon. The actual dentist was an absolute jerk to me. The first time I met Dr. Dale he made an unprofessional remark about my appearance which gave me the impression that he was hitting on me.. Not what you want from your dentist! He was very impersonal every other time and did not seem to care about explaining things to me. One time he literally said \"let me give you a few websites to look up at home so you can come back and ask better questions.\" Basically insulting my intelligence! He acted like he didn't have time for me and my questions about my dental health and rushed out of the room. The dental hygienist actually apologized for him! The ONLY reason I am giving Eicon 2 stars instead of 1 is because my dental hygienist, Evette, was wonderful! She was professional, thorough, and extremely nice! She was the only reason I stayed as long as I had.\n\nThey also called me on 3 different occasions asking if I would like to move my appointment to earlier in the day.. Which I don't really mind them doing, I just thought it was weird that it happened for almost all of my appointments.. If I wanted an earlier appointment, I would have made one. I don't understand what the motivation is for this.\n\nIn a nutshell, I will be switching dentists because of how rude the doctor is and the horrible experience I had with billing.