My night at Chilis on the corner of Bell and N.W. Point Parkway in Surprise Arizona. On Wednesday night on Sept the 20th my parents treated my wife and I for dinner. We arrived at Chilis and where seated right away, not the first time we have been to Chilis, which my parents are avid fans of their 2 for $22 deals, especial their steaks which the absolutely love.  We were served right away and had our drinks in no time at all, our waiters came back a couple minutes later and took our orders and had a great attitude, extremely sweet and attentive. About 5 minutes later my parent's salads came out and we had a great time talking and enjoying our evening. About 10 minutes later, just a couple minutes after my parents had finished their salad the manager came out with our food, couldn't ask for better timing. The manager was very attentive to our enjoyment of our food when he was dropping it off, he even made sure my parents cut into their steaks to make sure they were done correctly. My dad's was perfect, however, my mom's was a little under cooked, the manager was very apologetic and accommodating and took her steak back to cook it a little bit longer. After he left we all dug into our food. I had ordered the Ultimate Burger and could not believe how greasy it was, so much so that the wax paper it was served on was puddled with white liquid grease from the burger. When the waitress came back out with my mom's steak she inquired how everything was and I informed her that the burger was pure grease and tasted horrible. She offered to fix the situation but I really didn't want to wait for another meal to be cooked and brought out since everyone at the table would pretty much be done with their food and I didn't want to be eating alone. She apologized and the manager came back shortly later and apologized as well. So far, besides my food the night had been perfect, our bill came and my mom had given three 25 dollar gift card out of the four she had with her, since are bill was just over 50 dollars. When the waitress returned she informed us that we still owed a little over 2 dollars and did not return any of the gift cards. After waiting several minutes, we asked a bus boy to grab our waitress thinking that she may not come back since she may have assumed we were done and would be leaving. After she returned we informed her of her error and she fixed it right away, and informed us that she was over loaded with 11 tables and must have missed swiping one. Ok an honest mistake, after getting our gift card back with the balance the manager came by and I told him I probably will not be returning due to the burger I received. His response was shocking, he giggled shrugged his shoulders and muttered \"whatever\" I was shocked and appalled at this. My parents could not believe this reaction and were disgusted. As we were leaving I asked the bus boy the manager's name so that I my advise the corporate office how their customers are viewed and treated. The manager came out and asked to speak to us outside where I told him his attitude was unacceptable and asked for this card, he stated we brought is waitress to tears, we were shocked as we treated the waitress with candor and respect and left her a gracious tip. I asked him for his card once more and he said I'll get you one, when I went to follow him inside he informed me to not follow him and I was no longer welcome in this establishment. WHAT!? I could not believe I was being kicked out of an establishment for asking for a manager's card. I have never had such an experience in a restaurant. We were not looking for anything for free and we did not create a scene, nothing validated this type of reaction. If the manager just said \"I am sorry sir we will try to do better next time\" I would have been happy, but giggling and shrugging his shoulders and not caring about is customers is just unacceptable.