Vintner grill in recent years has gained a large local following with good reason. \n\nBecause of it's location we delayed coming in for years... boy was that a bad decision on our part! \n\nWalking in from the business plaza parking lot I was pleasantly surprised to find myself in the reception area of a high-end, upscale dining room with wood paneled ceilings and projectors silently playing classic black and white movies.\n\nWe were immediately greeted with a smile and promptly sat and offered drinks. \n\nListing 25+ cheeses they proudly offer the largest fromage selection in the area grouped into 5 categories from soft to semi-soft to blue to firm to cheddar. They carefully pair each with corresponding breads, jams, mustards, and fruit.  We ordered the truffled ricotta (which is the only cheese made in house) and a 10 year aged cheddar from Wisconsin and both were amazing!!!  The house made ricotta was outstanding, supper creamy and oh so light ... almost like a whipped consistency.  My husband also ordered a black truffle salami which he enjoyed as well.\n\nFor starters I ordered the oven roasted beats salad which is served with baby spinach, lavender goat cheese, hazelnuts, and mustard vinaigrette. It was highly recommended by our waiter and indeed it did not disappoint. My husband ordered the beef and barley soup with braised short ribs and crimini mushrooms which he loved.  \n\nIf we stopped here, before the entrees, my review would have hands down been 5 stars, which I wanted to give so badly.\n\nOn yelp the Vegan Portobello Picatta had rave reviews.  One yelper said this was the best vegetarian dish on earth.  As a life long vegetarian, I like to support the vegan and vegetarian items when offered and I really  wanted to like this dish.  When it came out mine was mostly capers and fennel and had very little portobello mushroom.  The sauce tasted heavily of brine.  I wasn't a fan.  Mine may have been a one off because so many people on yelp loved this dish. On the other hand, my husband ordered the homemade tortellini filled with truffle ricotta cheese, organic mushrooms, summer corn sauce, and white truffle oil which was delicious!!!  \n\nFor dessert the chef's Pumpkin Cheesecake was great but the waiter poured pipping hot tea in my husbands lap. \n\nReally inside Vintner is a beautiful restaurant, for all but one plate the food was delicious, and other than the tea mishap the service was spectacular. Vintner did so many things so so right... We will return and with luck be able to give them the 5 star re-review they deserve.