I called to set up an appointment for my bridesmaids and I, and when it came to the day of the appointment we get there 25 minutes early. When we walked in, we were greeted and the lady informed us we would not be seen until 3:30 (which is when our appointment was) - which was fine with me since that is the point of an appointment. I went on their website before hand and printed off some dresses that I liked, so my girls and I hit the racks! Some of the dresses that I printed out were on clearance so they did not have some of the sizes we needed but that did not stop us. Around 3:25 we sat down by the shoes (because the lady at the front told us we could try the dresses on with the shoes to get an idea of the height of the heel would\/could wear. She basically pushed us to look at the shoes. Around 3:40 no one has yet to come up and grab us for our appointment - or informed us they were running a little behind. Finally we walk to the front and ask them about it, and they seem to have over booked... They could have told us before (especially since we were early, and they told us no one was able to help until my appointment time). The called the lady that was going to be helping us over the intercom TWICE, before she showed up. She noticed we already had some dresses picked out and she showed us to the fitting rooms. She grabbed a chair for me to sit on while I was waiting for the girls to try on dresses. Then she disappeared. I was helping my bridesmaids zip the dresses and run and grab more dresses that they could try on. I was walking back and forth several times. After a while, I was kind of stuck and my sister said we should try on the one from the front that I really liked, but we could not find it on the rack (maybe I was just not seeing it). She walked to the front to grab my appointment adviser and she came back to ask me what sizes I needed. She came back with the dresses we needed. It was three different styles of dresses. I found one that I really liked so they ended up trying on the same dress after all the other styles. When I knew I found the one I wanted them to get, I walked up to the front and wanted to ask if they do financing or if they girls had to pay for the whole dress. She informed me that they needed to buy the dress in order for them to ship it - makes perfect sense. Then my bridesmaids wanted to know if they could just order it online, she suggested that we DO  NOT do that because it will be harder to return if someone was wrong. But what can go wrong? She sized my girls so they knew what size they are and if the dress was defective in any way, I can just ship it back to get another one. She told us we did not have to purchase the dresses today, but we should do it by October because during the holiday season it will be harder for the dresses to come in on time. I look at the website today (just to check the return policy) and they are having a flash sale! Online only...