I would strongly suggest you double check anything Paradise OB-GYN tells you regarding insurance approvals and requirements. I went through 3 invasive pre-requisites they told me needed to be done in order for BCBS to cover a procedure. One of which was a painful biopsy. I had already had 2 of the 3 alleged pre-requisites done 14 months prior and Dr. Newman admitted to me in the office he wouldn't have had me re-do my imaging if his staff would have asked him, but his name is on the order for the imaging. His staff told me my imaging from 2017 had expired and updated imaging was required by BCBS. This has thus far turned out to be false. As far as the biopsy, Dr. Newman told me he didn't understand why it was a requirement of insurance companies and he wouldn't do it on someone my age if it wasn't required by BCBS, yet he performed the biopsy and billed my insurance company. Again, his staff told me it was required in order to have my procedure. This also has thus far turned out to be false. I found out they NEVER even called BCBS to verify they were necessary to have my procedure covered!!! Apparently, they got some claim denials on other claims and are having women go through invasive pre-requisites that apparently Dr. Newman himself does not require\/recommend and a majority of insurance companies and plans do not require! The office staff blamed corporate. Corporate tried to blame the office staff. Traci, the director of revenue cycle in corporate, told me they don't call your insurance company to verify what is required. She e-mailed me The American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology guidelines and told me it details what is \"appropriate\". The ACOG guidelines are not the same as an insurance carriers requirements and to me \"appropriate\" just means what they can get away with billing to your insurance carrier. I'm incredibly frustrated I didn't verify the information myself and I'm pretty sure it's border line insurance fraud to perform not one, not two, but three unnecessary tests, and possibly an unnecessary office visit. I'm fairly confident a new patient office visit from 2017 is valid for 3 years and you can bill an established patient office visit with an in-office procedure on the same day. The office visit would most likely be denied inclusive to the procedure so I get why they would want me to come in again before my procedure. To get paid. Not because it's necessary. They told me an invasive ultrasound I had done in 2017 had expired and I needed to have another one before my procedure. Had that done. They sprung a painful biopsy on me during an office visit. An office visit they said I needed to come in for to go over the same info I told them last year in order for BCBS to cover the procedure. As far as the biopsy, another requirement of BCBS. Then 10 days before my procedure they called me and told me I needed to come in again for an invasive screening. I had the same screening 14 months prior. Again, they told me it had expired. A screening that according to my age, I only need every 5 years. I'd also like to mention Traci told me the biopsy was needed to rule out cancer. Why would I need to have both a biopsy and a screening to rule out cancer, especially when I had the same screening 14 months prior. I trusted them and I can't believe I put myself through all of that. They have refused to provide me with the information that my imaging and screening from 2017 were expired and BCBS required updated information. They have also refused to explain why they put me through a painful biopsy. Not to mention the time I took off work and the incoming bills from their office, a radiologist, and the lab. I will also mention they use an out of network anesthesiologist. I've already confirmed with his billing office they don't balance bill and will accept the in-network allowable as payment in full, but they wouldn't give me that information in writing so I'm a bit skeptical. I believe her name is Kelly, but she didn't even know what balancing billing meant. She told me she'd balance bill me for any co-insurance or deductibles. That's not balance billing! I am fully aware it's my responsibility to verify my own insurance benefits\/requirements. Shame on me. Fair warning to other women to double check anything Paradise Valley OB-GYN says is required! Hoping other women do not end up going through a similar experience as mine. I told them I would remove this review if they would verify the information they told me was accurate. There's a reason this review is still posted here and elsewhere.