The stay was nice, but I fell for a CREDIT CARD SCAM! \n\nI stayed here for a bachelorette party for two days. It was during EDC weekend so it was quite pricey. I booked way in advance so I got a better deal than if I were to book two weeks out. \n\nThe room was beautiful! We got a double with a premium view. The room was large enough to accommodate four people. There's also a living room area with a couch\/pullout bed. My friend said the pullout bed wasn't bad. The view was of the 4th floor pools. It was a nice view, but I'm not sure I would pay for a premium view again. The front desk are quick to send you your request. My friend sat on one of the benches and it broke. It looked like it had been already glued and fixed before. That's kind of dangerous because the legs broke and the wood was sharp.\n\nThe entire hotel is nice. The resort fees are definitely worth it. There are shops, restaurants, the Tao club, bars, oxygen bar, ice bar, gondola rides and four pools. Honestly, I didn't really feel the need to leave the hotel because of the amenities they offered. \n\nAs for the scam, I called concierge and requested extra towels and blankets. I got a call a few minutes later saying they have the request for extra pillows. They also wanted to verify my credit card information, address, expiration and three digit code. Like a moron, I gave it to them. \n\nThe next day, I have a charge for motel 6 for $950 and a $1 motel 6 hospitality fee. They tried to purchase $1,300 worth of tools at Lowes.com, but it was declined. I called the front desk, and they said that they don't ask for credit card information over the phone. The front desk didn't seem too shocked about it, like it's happened before. They said only people at the hotel can call your room, so it was someone at the hotel. \n\nI called Amex and they are on it (I love Amex)! The losers were trying to make a purchase while I was talking to Amex. \n\nMoral of the story, be very careful about giving your card information. The front desks will not ask for it over the phone. These losers know people are drunk in Vegas and will fall for it. THANK GOD FIR AMERICAN EXPRESS. \n\nAnd seriously, Motel 6? You're going to steal from me to get 6 months at motel 6? Losers.