We went to Paris to hit up the Le Buffet for the crepes but the line was about a mile long. Luckily there was La Creperie located exactly across from the buffet. The price of $10 per crepe will at first shock you, but then you have to realize 3 things ... 1. this is Vegas; 2. the crepes are HUGE; and, 3. the crepes are delicious!!! My hubby and I ordered one savory and one sweet crepe and decided to split them. For the savory we got the (forge the formal name of it) cheese and prosciutto crepe. I had never had a savory crepe before, just sweet ones in the real Paris. The crepes are a bit thicker than the real things but they are very very flavorful. After taking my first bite of the savory crepe, I couldn't believe I went this long in life without having one before. All I can say is .... OMG Yum!!!! This is not a crepe I would recommend trying to eat on your own. It is to be shared. It is huge and very very filling. The next was the sweet crepe. We were already full but there was no way I was going to let this go to waste. We ordered the crepe with cinnamon apple filling, topped with caramel and creme. And, when I say creme I mean to say C-R-E-M-E. It's a wallop of real whipped cream; maybe a bit too much. It also melts quickly so be sure to not order it at the same time as the savory crepe. Next time we'll get up and order it separately. Anyway, back to the crepe. Again, yummy goodness! I had never had a crepe with apples before. It was like apple pie hooked up with a Frenchman. Perfection! Even though we were stuffed, we licked our plate clean. This is a definite must-visit when stopping at Paris Las Vegas. I look forward to it in the future.\n\nAdd'l notes .... seating is a problem. This is not a restaurant. Seating is available next door to the crepe stand but on a busy day, it can be tough to find seating. Have one person stalk out a table while the other is in line getting the crepes. While the crepes run $10 a pop, soda is about $4 and it's for a small ... very small ... 16oz cup. The drink prices are not posted on the menu so it's a bit of a shock when they ring it up and you'll be too stunned to say anything. There is no kids menu so when a child orders a crepe, they'll be getting the same size as an adult. Be sure to share!