I love Hair Excellence in Sun Prairie. I used to always go to Hair on Monroe St. in Madison (which is also a top-notch place that I highly recommend!) but with two small kids and a busy schedule, I was sick of making the trek from Sun Prairie to the west side of Madison to get my hair done (especially if I wanted an evening appointment and had to depend on the gods smiling down on my husband and making rush hour traffic move more quickly than usual so that he could be home in time to watch the kids). So I decided to try out Hair Excellence (a mere five-minute drive from my home, if that) and I am so glad I did.\n\nI've had a couple of different stylists, since I often don't have a lot of flexibility in terms of appointment times, so I need to take whoever is available. Luckily, all of the stylists seem to be highly trained and proficient at their jobs, so this is never a problem. I've never had a bad experience at Hair Excellence, and I always leave feeling a million times better than I did when I walked in.\n\nMost recently, I've had Marc (who did a fantastic job of lightening up my brown hair for summer, without making me look like I was trying to rock a color unsuited for my olive complexion!) and Lucas, who did a phenomenal job of darkening my hair again for fall. Although I like every stylist I've seen, I think I will try to book Lucas every time, since the cut and color was EXACTLY what I wanted. \n\nMy only (very slight) complaint is that you are not able to add gratuity to your receipt when paying with credit card, so the first time I visited I was a little thrown off (luckily, I was able to visit a nearby ATM and make it back before closing in order to deliver my tip). It would be nice if you were able to add the tip on the credit card, but this is honestly such a minor complaint in the face of such a great experience, that it's almost not worth mentioning (I just remember now to carry cash with me whenever I come in for an appointment).\n\nHair Excellence definitely isn't an inexpensive place (although it's certainly not exorbitant, either), but the service and treatment I receive is one of the best values around. I highly recommend!