Honestly, it's rare I write reviews.... but I've been kicking myself for buying this Groupon because it truly was one of the worst mani\/pedis I have ever had. \n\nI will say I gave this place 2 stars instead of one because my girl was very nice. However, I WOULD never have her do my nails or feet again based solely on her skills. \n\nI guess what this place doesn't tell you in the Groupon is that the mani\/pedi\/adult beverage deal for $35 is AN \"EXPRESS MANI\/PEDI\".  This means bare minimum. The express manicure is filing, cuticles and polish. Although my girl did not file or cut my cuticles. She buffed and polished my nails. That was it. The express pedicure is a foot soak, cuticles, and polish.  The express manicure is $27 and the express pedi is $35 normally--- then of course you would tip on op of that. I literally can't think of why anyone would pay that for hardly any service at all! I felt duped buying the Groupon!and paying $35 when for $5 more I could have gone to my regular nail salon and gotten the works on a mani and pedi! I guess that's why I felt like I wanted to write this review... because this place is super misleading. If I woulda known I was paying for this \"express\" ridiculousness... I woulda never bought the Groupon. Write it in the Groupon so people know what they're buying! And the whole point of Groupon is to impress your customers with the services so that you become repeat business right? I was looking for an upscale place close to my house to pamper myself every now and then and spend a little extra money. This is clearly not it. \n\nAs for my actual pedicure-- it was very odd. She took of 85% of my toe nail polish off with her nail file instead of polish remover. To be fair, yes I had a very thin coat of glitter on my toes... so I didn't mind when she originally started sanding my toes down with her file to take the glitter off faster... But I figured she would stop once the glitter was gone. She didn't though and my toe nails looked horrendous by the time she was done. She didn't even get all the nail polish off before she moved onto barely cutting my cuticles. I honestly don't even know how she could even see where to cut because my toes were still covered in dust from where she was sanding the tops of my toe nails down with her file. She barely scrubbed my heels and very softly at that. Then, when I stopped her mid chat to ask her to please cut my toe nails since she hadn't asked what I prefer ... she said sure .... but then just kept talking away. My toenails never got cut down and I ended up doing it when I got home. She did put a tiny bit if sugar scrub on my feet though and massaged each FOOT (no legs) with lotion for maybe 20 seconds.... saying that even though that's not part of the EXPRESS PEDICURE... she still feels like she should \"pamper\" her guests that buy the Groupon. No base coat was applied (super weird)  and like I said, I still had turquoise nail polish left over on my toes from my previous pedicure before she started to paint the new color over my toes. I guess it's a good thing I chose blue; It hid the leftover turquoise. \nMy manicure was literally a buff, lotion on my hands for 20 seconds and nail polish. The nail polish ended up bubbling for whatever reason and I repainted my nails the next day. The only good thing I can say is that I did get my adult beverage in the form of moscato. But beware, the only 2 \"adult beverages\" they offer are white zin and moscato.... so if you don't like either of those, then you're out of luck. \n\nLike I said before,  my girl was very nice. She was. But based on skill alone --- I would never let her do my nails again. I can do a better job myself and save the money.  I'm annoyed I paid the Groupon price. But I woulda been livid if at the end of those 2 services if I would have been charged regular prices ---$62 for the express shenanigans and then a tip on top of that. The skills and service are nowhere near where they should be for those  luxury prices. And while the place was pretty--- ultimately I'd rather have a good mani\/ pedi than a pretty place to look at. Meh---lesson learned. I won't be returning.