The professors and coaches at Gracie Barra Scottsdale are serious professionals and I am so grateful that I found this place. The facility is clean, with huge mats and classes are available during the day, nights and weekends. The curriculum is wide ranging and designed to give you a very good base to start from and grow into the advanced ranks. The competition teams are lighting it up in AZ and these guys are all very welcoming and friendly. \n I started Jiu-Jitsu later in life and initially found myself at a place in town where I was being taught advanced moves right out of the gate (De La Riva \/Omoplata) and rolling on the mats with 50 other blue, purple and brown belts on day one. It made no sense and I ended up getting two broken ribs just 8 weeks in. After I healed I took my time and looked at several Jiu Jitsu academies before making the decision to join the Gracie Barra family. I could not of made a better choice. It is tough at first because it takes time to get in shape but in no time you lose weight, increase mobility, gain stamina and make some amazing friends while learning how to choke each other out. The school is not as cheap as some of the lesser schools in town but you get what you pay for, and if I wanted I could train twice a day every day in Jiu Jitsu and even take Barra Fit classes 4 times a week. The academy is always bringing in high ranking GB black belts to give us special classes and in the 6 months I have been here I have been fortunate enough to meet and train under some of the best in the world. Also, once you sign up you are able to train at ANY other location in the world (approx 700) or at any of the 7 locations here in the state. If you have ever wanted to give Jiu Jitsu a try or are just looking for a great schoolbcome on out and roll with us. Professor Diogo Ferriera is a great mentor, tough as they come, sucessful and is a talented teacher as is Professor Flavio Almeida and several of the other GB leaders here in AZ. The students are all very welcoming and we really try to help each other out through the learning process as we fall in love with this \"gentle art\"!