I've eaten at Mullen's numerous times prior to this visit, usually on Pirates gamedays before I go to the game. I've never had any issue before - service was quick, food was good, and well-priced. However, my visit on July 18, 2015 could not have been further from this. My friends and I stopped in to grab some food and drinks before heading out for the night. We walked in and the sign at the door said to seat ourselves so we found a table right in the middle. Multiple waitresses walked past us without so much as a 'Hi, I'll be right with you\". We sat at the table for 15 minutes with no service whatsoever. I went to the bar to try to order a drink and tell them that we were ready to order. I stood at the bar for another 10 minutes before I was served. There were 3 bartenders and MAYBE 5 customers sitting at the bar. After finally getting a drink and telling them we were waiting, we sat at our table for another 10 minutes before our waitress finally came. Meanwhile, we had gotten our own menus from another table beside us because none were ever given to us. Only 2 of us were eating and we both ordered grilled cheese sandwiches with tater tots. Once the food was done I saw it sitting in the window for quite some time before the waitress noticed me looking at it and finally brought it over, at which time it was lukewarm.We were never given any silverware either, which thankfully we didn't need for our sandwiches, but when I asked a waitress for napkins she acted as though it was the most inconvenient question ever. In the defense of the waitresses, there was a night time 5k going on just down the street and a lot of runners were hanging out before the race started. There definitely were not enough employees for the situation. However, when the racers left there was no excuse for the amount of waiting that we continued to go through. My friends had never visited Pittsburgh before and Mullen's was right down the street from our hotel. I thought it would be a good starting point for us, but instead was a huge disappointment.