I've eaten at Ping Pang Pong twice now and had two very different meals with two very different outcomes. My first experience with PPP was for Dim Sum. It was absolutely delicious and very authentic. I've been eating at some of the great Dim Sum houses in Alhambra (East of Downtown LA) and surrounds for years and years and was quite surprised and pleased that PPP was able to serve up Dim Sum that was on par with some of the greats like Ocean Star and NBC (Both on Atlantic Blvd. Alhambra...Don't miss 'em). \n\nPing Pang Pong serves a wide variety of Dim Sum and the carts filled with the steaming treats are plentiful. The prices are similar to places in Alhambra & Los Angeles, however, instead of placing four of something on a plate, they put three. Nonetheless, the food is terrific. Lunch for three very satisfied people was about $10-$12 per person...and we were stuffed. Bravo on Dim Sum PPP.\n\nNow the downside to the story...\n\nMy second trip to the restaurant was for dinner. We ordered Hot & Sour Soup, Pineapple Beef, Seafood Noodles, and Squab in Lettuce Cups. Overall a great disappointment. \n\nThe Hot & Sour soup was the best dish we ordered, so we started off the meal well. The Squab in Lettuce Cups were good, but not great...and a bit on the chintzy side. Because there were four of us, we were required to order two additional pieces of lettuce at $1 apiece. Come on...two extra dollars for two tiny pieces of lettuce? The Pineapple Beef had absolutely NO FLAVOR. It was terrible actually. I don't even think they put salt in it it was that tasteless. The pineapple chunks were straight out of a can...and the can was probably from the 99 Cent store. Just plain bad. The Noodles were about average from any Chinese restaurant. \n\nTowards the end of the meal I felt like I would only come back to this place for Dim Sum but some of my dinner companions disagreed. We did see dishes that looked really savory and tempting being served to other tables. The Walnut Glazed Shrimp looked amazing!  \n\nThe overall consensus was that we may have just ordered a couple of dishes that were lackluster and that Ping Pang Pong is worthy of another dinner experience. Their Dim Sum is first rate so I know they know how to cook.