DO NOT BRING YOUR BUSINESS TO THIS OFFICE!!! \nI am so disgusted with this pediatric office that I am giving up precious nighttime sleep to write this review in hopes that it will help other parents make an informed decision on where to take their children for pediatric care.  We were completely unimpressed by this office very shortly after our daughter was born 15 months ago.  Dr. Pham and Dr. Marcelo gave my husband and I completely different advice on the proper way to breast feed our newborn, which was so frustrating for new parents who did not know anything!  Our newborn lost a lot of weight after taking Pham's instructions and when we went back to our next checkup with Marcelo, we were told information that completely contradicted Pham.  So frustrating.  So we made sure to never again make an appointment with Pham or Marcelo.  (We were also very turned-off by their personalities).  The ONLY reason we continued to bring our business to this office for the next 15 months was due ENTIRELY to the amazing physician's assistant JOHANNA BROOKS.  SHE IS FANTASTIC!  Johanna Brooks is the only reason we chose this office in the first place...because of all HER good reviews.  (Based on the reviews, we expected to not like Pham or Marcelo).  Johanna is so wonderful but the experience I have had in the past week with Pham has disgusted me so much that I have no choice but to take my business elsewhere.  My 15 month-old daughter is sick for the very first time.  Being that my husband and I are first-time parents and our infant daughter is sick for the very first time, I thought it more than appropriate to use for the first time the after-hours on call service.  This was the other reason we chose this pediatric office.  We were comforted to know that we could call and speak with one of the pediatricians even after-hours.  So when my daughter was vomiting and had diarrhea I decided to use this service to get some advice on what to do (I wasn't sure if Pedialyte was appropriate or if an anti-nausea medication existed for infants).  Dr. Pham was so short with me on the phone and spoke to me like I was SUCH a bother (It was 9:30 on a Saturday morning).  He had such an attitude with me and I had to pry out of him anything helpful at all.  After hanging up the phone I was thoroughly annoyed but I was only a bit surprised.  The real kicker came 8 days later.  My daughter's symptoms had gotten a bit better in the past few days but reappeared worse than ever and this time, with a fever that was getting worse by the hour.  I again decided to use the service that this office is so quick to advertise when they are recruiting new patients.  I called Dr. Pham (8:30 Sunday night).  Pham was so rude to me I still cannot even wrap my head around it.  He spoke down to me in a way that was so disrespectful and so uncalled for.  Having a pediatrician on call at all times is a service your office provides!!!  So don't provide the service with a horrible attitude and make me feel like I am doing something wrong by asking completely valid questions pertaining to the health of my infant daughter.  I did not even receive any helpful advice whatsoever.  Bottom line, I simply cannot give my business to this practice any longer.  Even though Johanna Brooks is wonderful, I cannot support a practice that is run by such an unprofessional, uncompassionate, and downright rude individual.  This man is in the wrong profession.  Dr. Pham should be ashamed of his performance as a pediatrician and should be ashamed of his business ethics.  So disappointing.