So it's no surprise that I work for a really great retailer that includes many options for the sports enthusiast.  My procrastinating personality literally brought me to REI today, however, as I needed swimming goggles and other swimmers gear for my corporate challenge practice.  Side note, I bought a pair of speedos, however, I'll refrain from using it for a while, as I have NOT swam competitively for almost 10 years...My \"far stretch\" of a swimmers body has transformed just a bit...LOLOL!!\n\nAnywho, I walked into this location and was pleasantly greeted by an employee, who offered some assistance in a way that didn't seem pushy (at first).  I asked where to find what I needed and his directions were super concise and detailed...needed to be, because REI is huge and has a lot of stuff!  I bought TYR goggles, TYR defogger drops and TYR jammers (shorts version of speedos).  My bill came out to $80.  A little pricey but I know I'll be owning a great product!\n\nLet me also say that I'm in no shape or form a sports enthusiast, but you can't help but imagine what you could do with all that cool gear!  Golly!\n\nI found my items and proceeded towards the checkout counter and this is where I ended up giving this location 4 stars rather than 5.  First, I was excited to hear that they were transitioning their checkout machines into a system that mirrored Apples process:  On a cell phone equipped with a scanner and credit card swiper...Super Rad!  The associate then attempted to sell me on the REI membership card which included discounts, promotions and cash back at the end of the year.  I explained to him that I work for an online retailer that sells most of the items they do and this visit was my first time back there in 4 years and I don't need the card...which is the truth.  I mean, why would I shop anywhere else if I get a pretty nifty employee discount?!  Oh yeah, because I love to procrastinate! LOL.  \n\nWell, like a true salesman, I didn't think he heard me the first time because I spent two more rounds learning a little more and more about the membership.  A great core value is to build open and honest relationships through communication and effective communication at that.  I felt it was conducive to that core value that I told him the more we talk about the membership, the more unappealing it sounded to me...so I did.  But don't worry.  I'm not the type that says it in a rude way.  I shared my thoughts in a very pleasant and comedic way...guess you had to have been there.  \n\nWe all know that REI is the place to visit if you're the sports enthusiast looking for the best possible gear for all types of terrain, sports and outdoor situations.  I got what I need.  I'm sure you'll do the same. And remember, with the money you're spending, you could be paying for the actual REI membership in the long run as you will automatically get a percentage cash back at the end of the year and is sent automatically as a check! LOL!