The location of this hotel relative to the airport is probably the top reason to stay here. Another reason might be because if you book through parksleepfly.com you can park your car for the duration of the trip. The other reason that might have been a good reason for staying here is its close proximity to the restaurant, Burger Theory, but this was not such a good reason, as it turned out. I went to Burger Theory hoping for a lively Happy Hour scene but it was kind of a dud. And so was the hotel room. Worse than a dud actually. I checked in with no problem, but when I opened the door to my room, I saw that it had not yet been cleaned. So I was given a room upgrade. But this 'upgrade' really fell flat on its face. The room had no ice bucket, no desk, no shower shelf\/caddy, no sports channels, and when I did a search for sports programming, the satellite froze and I had to manually reset the satellite receiver myself in order to resume control. Also, the wifi situation was challenging. When I connected to the hotel's network my browsers refused to be redirected to the hotel sign on page. My mobile phone had no trouble so I had to manually extract the url saved in my phone's browser history and paste it into my laptop browser to get it to work. Less tech-savvy folks might have a hard time with this, so basically the 'free wifi' isn't as free as it might seem. And speaking of things that aren't free, neither is the hotel shuttle to the airport. The hotel utilizes a cab service. It charges $16, of which the hotel pays $8. Your car is parked in an insecure lot for the duration of your trip. It is covered parking, so that's good at least. But upon your return, you have to call the cab company and save your receipt so the hotel can reimburse you $8 for the cab fare.I was not informed of this properly when I called the hotel front desk from the airport. I was simply told that I needed to take a cab back to the hotel. I was reimbursed for the $8 for the fare back to the hotel because I saved my fare receipt. So needless to say I was greeted with many unpleasant surprises with my stay at this hotel and I do not recommend staying here. The Holiday Inn across the street would have been not too much more expensive for the quality it would have offered in comparison.