I had 30 minutes free before an appointment in this strip plaza and really needed some lunch, I was starving! Great, I found Vietnamese! One of my favorites! But I had not been to this particular restaurant before. I walked in, was greeted by the waitress and seated but had to grab my own menu. I asked what was a recommended popular dish and was told that the Pho was popular as was the vermicelli. OK, so Pho today! Soooo many items were on the menu to choose from but I got the soup bowl that had shrimp, crabstick and sliced pork. It did not take too long to come out, piping hot. Some hot sauce was brought for me on the side after I told the waitress I liked it spicy. I was disappointed that the soup had egg noodles and not the rice noodles I asked for - and that was advertised on the menu but I was too hungry to make a peep about it. Was it the best Pho I have ever had? No, but it was good. I found the fare to be decent enough that I ordered my husband his fave meal - special fried rice to go. Man, it looked good when they showed it to me. Oh and ya, later at home it tasted great as I stole a few bites. Lots of shrimp, some chicken, shredded pork, nicely cooked rice. My hubby thought there were too many carrots in it, but liked the peas. I thought it was one of the best rice dishes I have had in Calgary and would go back for \nthat. Good portion.\nAfter my meal with my waitress long gone home (she never came to ask how things were, maybe she had a bus to catch!) I spoke to the nice employee at the til where I paid. I asked him, if for next time they had lime and bean spouts for my Pho as that is what I like to put in it. He was shocked that I had not receieved lime, basil and sprouts and promised me a discount next time I came in. I told him it was not a big deal and I tipped the absent waitress anyways. This is a family run business and they have been at it for 2 years. The man a the register was very proud of the fact that the soup they served me had no MSG. Now that I think about it, I have a sensitive tummy and the soup settled quite nicely and I am already craving more. Despite a few little hiccups I would come back here. The place was clean, friendly enough and had a large menu where I could explore a few other dishes! I love supporting family businesses and I hope they do well here.\nIt was not busy when I went in at 3pm and it cost me $21 and change plus tip for 2 lovely meals.