The phrase \"Never judge a book by its cover\" was most probably adapted from \"Never judge a restaurant by its appearance\" which I'm almost certain was born here. \nThis place could easily be mistaken for a motel, or maybe even a crusty casino. It's TACKY AS ALL HELL. It's got one of those retro lookin' neon yellow (the ugliest shade you could imagine) brightly lit signs. Ones you imagine would read \"SUNSHINE MOTEL\" or \"DAISY INN\" Idfk why that's what I see in my head lol. My first impression was [wtf, omg, I'm getting e. coli poisoning tonight. Google lied to me about this place]. You could easily place old men in Hawaiian shirts, socks & sandals, and beer bellies in this scenery, only to walk in and have the right hand of god smack you right quick for your foul judging. I know I was; felt that backhand right up my backside. Their WALLS ON WALLS, SHELVES ON SHELVES, CABINETS ON CABINETS, STACKS ON STACKS of alcohol was I M PR E S S I V E. Some bottles, I've never even heard of. Then they pull out some next religion on you. Grape religion. Y'heard? DAT WINE BIBLE DOEEE. THEY HAVE A WINE BIBLE. Shit was bigger than Justin Bieber's ego. Unheard of, right? Weighed about the same as I did. Looked like a book out the Hogwart's library. I unfortunately didn't bother with it, it was overwhelming at the time. Anyways, just in case you need recommendations and have the desire to discuss pairings and the selection of wines that they offer, they have a sommelier on staff, why wouldn't they.\nI don't know that the price is right though. The quality of the food vs. the value is debatable. Neither my date nor I were able to finish our meals (not due to an excess in quantity, the portions are fairly tiny). I initially thought the restaurant was empty and business was terrible. They shafted us to the front corner of the restaurant. Completely isolated from the rest of society. I later learned that the restaurant was much larger than it had initially appeared (this place just keeps playin' me), I went to use the bathroom at the back of the restaurant, where the concentration of patrons were. I smiled. I was happy to realize the considerateness of the hostess and careful thought put into strategically placing us apart from the boisterous larger crowds. They saw we were a pair, deduced we were on a date, and gave us privacy. Attention to detail is something I can appreciate. I don't think I've ever tipped so generously in my life. Either that, or it was a coincidental fluke and they're totally getting credit for something I surmised in my head all on my own lol. Either way, the service was memorable, and the food was appetizing. Though it fell short of my expectations, it was not disappointing.