This place defines customer service. We drove straight from Central New York to Charlotte, NC (approx 12 hours) and arrived at the hotel around 10:30 am exhausted. We had reserved a Trio Suite months ahead of this trip that we were splitting with another couple. We knew the chances of us being able to check-in early were slim, but decided to give it a try. Patrick at the first desk was absolutely amazing. He looked through to see if anything was available (there weren't), then told me he'd give me a call as soon as one was cleaned up. He read the note that we had requested a crib (we traveled with my 1 year old son), and told me he'd make sure it was there for me. \n\nAt 1:30p we got the call from Patrick and we drove right back (less than 5 minutes). Patrick remembered me right away, got me checked in, gave us a brief tour, and off we went. The room is large and spacious, but enough privacy for 2 couples and a baby. I realized that the crib wasn't there, so I called down and Patrick answered just a few rings later. He knew who I was right away and told me he'd have the crib to us shortly. Not even 5 minutes later the crib was delivered and Patrick called to make sure it arrived. House keeping was AMAZING at working with us, as they had a tendency to arrive when our son was down for a nap. They would come back an hour or so later and take care of our suite once our son was running around or we had gone out. \n\nYou cannot complain about the breakfast. So many choices and all very tasty. My only complaint was the omelet bar. The 1st day we had WONDERFUL omelets, but the 2nd day they were literally drowned in butter. You could tell we weren't the only ones who experienced that, as day 3 no one was ordering omelets. There was plenty of other options to choose from, so no one was complaining. \n\nThank you so much to the entire staff of HYATT House Charlotte Airport. You made my first road trip with my 1 year old son an amazing experience. We'll be raving about you to anyone who mentions they'll be visiting the Charlotte area.