I wanted to David Carradine with the lobster spaghetti.
Food is still excellent! Service is still Meh! Prices and portions are still a disappointment!
It's full of old ladies (tías calientes)... Drinks are over priced, and well drinks are no longer 5 dollars. False advertisement...  Pre-game before or go somewhere else.
The service is horrible, atmosphere is horrible, coffee is horrible, and everything is overpriced.   I won't be going back.
Worst fucking place on the planet! Waited 30 minutes for someone to open the door, called nobody inside opened the door! It's a joke!
Definitely one of my favorite places to stay in LV. There's no smoking in this Hotel! Great pools and really good Blue Crap Eggs Benedict at the Cafe.
I highly recommend this branch! Scott goes above and beyond for his clients and always does it with a smile
My nieces love this park. The splash pad is small but the children love it. The train is fun.
It's free to get it. Huge selection of games and Pinball. All on good working condition. Some of them are very old. I would highly recommend this place
I've bee here a few times and everytime I've been here the service has been fantastic, and the food is always great.
One star for this Panda experience, but I knew the job was dangerous when I took it, and hey that's on me.
I got the mocha chocolate chip frape mmmm sooooo good made my day un till i got stuck in the play house lol just kidding
I came by this evening for eyebrow threading; the threading session took about 3 minutes for a basic clean up.  \n\nVerdict: Mediocre job and service.
way too expensive!!! for my husband and it was $86!! the wait staff was very friendly but come on! the price was just too much
The food was amazing, the wine awesome, and our waiter Candace was the best!! Highly recommend this restaurant.. Come in and request Candace
Love this place! New ownership\/management has improved the place sooo much! That and it's awesome  location make for an amazing experience!
Wonderful place for nails. Erica is a perfectionist - your nails will look their absolute best. Reasonably priced,  clean,  and friendly.
Food was absurdly bad. Service was even worse. Definitely never coming back. Do not recommend one bit.
Horrible music \n\nTypical Im gonna stare you down and never acknowledge you with a smile type place.
Four words.  Sin City and Shit Show.  I guess that is really 5.
Awful place. Won't ever go back there. \nIf you want an overpriced hack job, this soul-sucking spot might be okay.\nBut not really.\nRude
Did not know it was a gay bar until I was eye fucked by a 300 lb Samoan
Add event for you my eggs benedict look nice but we're very chilly. He server in training never came back to ask if everything was okay.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO *breath* OOOOOOOOOOOOOO *bereft weeping and rending of garments*\n\nChino, I LOVED you! How could you do this to me?!
Nasty. Disgusting. Too much alcohol. Gross.  Yuck. Go. Somewhere. Else. RUN!
Awesome team go watch them play its always a good time in Phoenix!
The food was great and the atmosphere was awesome. But they make their hostesses stand outside in 115 degree heat!!! Is that really necessary?!
Great pizza and great beer. Don't be deceived by the coffee house look like I almost was.
NO FREAKIN COFFEE! \n\nHotel is dirty, service sucks, no bar, did I mention no coffee? Wouldn't recommend this hotel to the drunk driver who killed my parents. 0\/5
Outdated salon with rude,  horrible customer service. I asked for a trim and the result was an uneven mess. Save yourself, and your hair, don't go here!
The pinnacle of sub-urban sprawl and needless consumerism.\n\nIf the Americanization of the burbs of montreal is your thing then this is for you.
Yeah, I come here when I feel like having drinks spilled on me by a bunch of annoying frat guys.  Which is never.
Get outta my dreams and into my Cobs.\n\nFresh\nBaked\nCarbohydrate\nGoodness\nMade \nDaily\nGo.\n\nWhat are you still doing here?!
Food was not spectacular, service was good but over priced for under whelming food. Won't return.
Ok, the drive thru took over 20 minutes to get my food, they were out of turnovers and the staff seems like they can't handle pressure, just plain bad
Just had my hair done. Liked the job she did and thought it about average priced for a Paul Mitchell product salon.
uhhh holy shit that was delicious. I think I got a dulce de tres leches.. Not sure- so good I didn't think, just drank.
Our morning weekend walks always takes us here.  Great atmosphere and bakery, hot\/cold foods.  Place still looks bustling.
* Giggle *\n\nNick Lachey look-a-like.\n\n* Swoon *\n\nCPR certified \"resuscitation from the mouth to South\"\n\n* Hot *
Best comic book store I've been too, wide selection and great service. Little too warm in the place but who cares!? Comics! Will be back again soon!!
I had a broken wisdom tooth with a cavity. I was in and out in less than an hour. Everyone was friendly and professional. I even got a shirt!
Worst experience ever.  Don't waste your money. Food is not worth a dime and yet they charge $ 50 per person on an average for a funnel cake
Nandos, Macayos, Mi Amigos, Arriba, Carlos O'Briens, Julios, Mata's etc...It's all just a sea of cheese and mediocrity if you ask me.  A sea of cheese and mediocrity.
Knowledgable,excellent pricing,efficient for all your landscaping needs!call these guys-you won't regret it!!!
Enjoly is absolutely great! She really listens and gives me exactly what I want in a haircut - even if I don't know what that is myself!
Very cool boutique and amazing pool area! I have never been to Miami, but this is what I imagine Miami to be as far as the decor.
Local joint for the students to find great happy deals and bargains on drinks\/grub. \n\nThis was a very fun place, super convenient location and good ambiance.
Well it's Dairy Queens, always happy to get ice cream :D
Rapide, pas besoin de rendez-vous, abordable. 4$ pour l'épilation des sourcils au fil. ´Nough said!!!! Plus besoin de se rendre jusqu'à Montréal pour un simple \"eyebrow touch up\".
Ladies working were nice and store was mostly clean.  A tad overcrowded.  They sell beer and lube...
Update:\n\nThis is the only useful yelp I've ever written! How could only one person find this useful? I don't understand...
Our food was Cold and the fries taste like we're eating salt packs. 1st and last time eating here.
Love this place!\nThe girls here know hair.\nVery friendly and knowledgeable staff.\nThe staff takes their time with clients.\nMy favorite place in Toronto!!!
Neat to walk threw but the merchandise is extremely high priced.  They are very talented.
This place does not need to exist.\n\nPeriod.
Quality has taken a nosedive since changing hands.  Nothing is as good as it was.  Now it's just crap.
Very beautiful campus, full nursery, Pre-school for three year olds till kindergarten, gymnasium, memorial gardens... \nBoy Scout troop 316 meets every Thursday at 7:00pm http:\/\/mytroop316.com\/
What incredible customer service!!  Had a problem they resolved without question!  Did an awesome job repairing someone else's poor workmanship!!  Thanks and would highly recommend!
This was the nicest, cleanest group of bikers that I have ever met.\nThe cars and bikes are amazing.
Fulton Homes continually produces high quality homes for us. We just love working with them and we will continue to use them for years to come!
Garbage tasting food. People only like it because they are broke and get a lot, i mean a lot of bland artificially colored rice with very little meat.
#IndianFood #ChickenJalfrizi #Roti #ChickenTikka #SaagPaneer #Curry \nUmm everything was delicious! Medium heat was perfect. I would reorder everything. Friendly servers. Perfect portions. Great price!
It's always a good idea! Can't go wrong with the beautiful water fountain shows. The ones at night time are best.
Great sandwiches and awesome people! Try the Long Trail, the housemade beef is the best I've ever had.....
Best university in the states.  That's right, CMU is better than MIT.\n\nIgnore the CMU haters, those people won't\/wouldn't be happy anywhere.
Dennis is the man. Got a quote. Dennis came out the next day on time. Fast, efficient, friendly, and good price. I highly recommend these guys!!!
This is a typical Chipotle location. Service is attentive and efficient. The line moves swiftly even when they are crowded.
This is my go to spot for sushi in the west valley and with never ending happy hour, I make the trip often. So good!
This place is the shit love thier rice especially the combination...keep up the hard work
My Mistress Ms. Vegas, \n\nYou an Evil Ass Ho! \nI'll be back in yo bed ASAP!!\n\nLove,\n\nJohn Doe.
Bad ass attorney. He ranks up there with Chris Fialko. Together they are unstoppable. If you want  justice look no further than Noell Tin.
Definitely not Pacific Mall but has some decent stores and Asian fast food joint... oh and yes...  \"movies\"
this is a busy dirty walmart and you shoud stay away from it. shop at a target
I had a cashier there accuse me of trying to shoplift as I was coming up to the counter.
OMFG!!!!    this place is a dump!!!  i should stop trying to be cheap!!!
Fried pickle.  Bob Dylan.  Ferris wheel gondola.\n\n3 solid stars.
It's a good buffet. Some of the food items were somewhat bland. Overall, I liked it.
Came over and enjoyed some classic Korean food.  I enjoyed the cold acorn jelly rice soup aka \"mook-bab\".   But there's a good selection to fill you up.
Totally boring, I am glad my trip there was free.
I'll stop here every time I'm in Vegas for good grubbin. Nice variety of yummy foods. Be sure to go on an empty stomach and wear stretchy pants!
Ben Roethlisberger. One hot piece of man-steak.
Setously guys this might be the most authentic fake Irish bar in the greater charlotte area.
Customer service is horrible.\nServers don't know what they serve.\nThey don't have a special fishes.\nI'm disappointed with foods too.\nI'm not gonna come back
Got their Turkish coffee, the taste was really unique. However, didn't get any good service, no one at the coffee shop seems to know how to smile.
The food here is outrageous in the best of ways!\nLike its not even funny how good it is, I've yet to have something I didn't like.
Seahawk Bar of Las Vegas!!!!!! Great place to visit when the Seahawks are playing. Met some new friends and definitely coming back again.
It's Gandhi's, but open on the weekend and more consistent.\n\nDone.\n\nWhy are you not there now?
It's Barrio.\n\nI don't think anything else needs to be said.
I've been to the show 3 times! No I am not a stalker!\n\nHi Marty! =)
Best burgers in town.  Definitely a bit pricey but still good. I suggest picking up a menu first so you know what to order.
Hallelujah is a word rarely used outside of church. But hallelujah, this place must be a gift from baby Jesus.\n\n\nCan I get an amen?
This place sucks a lot of food but it all taste the same no flavor and it's over cooked ok I understand it's a buffet but this was crap
Wish I had read reviews.  The pepperoni pretzel was friggin NASTY\n\nDo not eat here. Yuck
Physical therapy is so very helpful, the staff is awesome.  The knowledge of the staff is great...
This Kangaroo is well lit and has a very wide pump area. Easy enough to get to from the highway but a little harder to get back.
Great customer service this morning (4\/12\/15). The line inside was much shorter than the drive thru.
i dont really know how to explain it, but when i was in vegas, i felt like i was living in somebody else's dream.
I rated heinz field after having club seats. The lounge was 5 stars def. Regular seating on the upper level isn't fun haha
All I need to know about this company was easy to find with a simple google search. 5 lawsuits in 2 years!\nhttp:\/\/www.superiorcourt.maricopa.gov\/docket\/CivilCourtCases\/caseSearchResults.asp?lastName=&FirstName=&bName=Global+Pharmedica.
The service is excellent, with food to match. IF you are a fresh fish fan, you must try this place out.
This place is awesome. Super nice and clean. Really helpful staff. \n\nWhat's up Pittsburgh people. Yes I went to a sex store, what?
I don't think this place has gotten out of the racism and racial profiling world. I won't be going back.
If you ever need a bathroom in a pinch. Please. Go to encounter. The experience will change your life
Really cheap and really fast internet.  They've made a lot of improvements and they're really getting better.
Good steaks and the best thing I like is the Cajun shrimp and the chilled seafood platter.\nIt is expensive but this is Vegas baby!
Jeez, if everything could be this easy!\n\nOn time, totally professional, super nice guys, family owned and my carpet looks great!\n\nThank you Noble for carpet nirvana!
Bad customer service and the price wasn't worth the lack of flavor in both dry rubs and BBQ sauce. I'll pass next time.
Bird problems for the past month\n\nFresh produce always attracting the birds, their germs and poop galore!
Dive bar at its best. Fun electro\/dubstep beats. Yucky bathrooms. Cool kids. Weird people and starving hipsters. Amazing times! \n\nYou can find me by the bar twice a week.
I now know what you get when you pray to baby Jesus... these ribs. SO GOOD!!!!!!!
Service great, staff v. Accommodating. Nice place for an unplanned meal. Food excellent.
prettay.. prettay.. prettay.. good. \n\neven though the crumb cake was like concrete they get an extra star for being the only effing place open at 8am.
Drink were good bar tender made a specialty drink for my girlfriend. Cockroaches in the bathroom at least they were friendly and helped me wipe.
Drive thru pharmacy...wha what???\n\nYep they got it...as does most of LV.\n\nPretty good Walgreens with large selection of the typical stuff. Nice help. Good pharmacy. Good location.
Some words of wisdom\nLet cool first before biting\nMy palate hates me
This is the best shopping experience I've had for anything. Does Joe have a brother? Who sells shoes?
I was eating a roasted vegetable wrap from Ravi Soup, but it was so delicious that I stopped what I was doing to tell you how good it is.
Thanks Fredericos, I shit my pants for two weeks because of your carne! :) just like Taco Bell did me a couple years ago.
My boyfriends company has been doing business with this PostNet store for the last 4 years. Service is friendly, prompt and helpful.\n\nI highly recommend it.
Always come here when I feel down on myself and need a good motorboat...
Your Star Wars slot machine gave me $40. The sound it makes when you win is sonic bliss. Thanks Obi-Wan!
Service technique sur rendez-vous seulement.
Ate: Spinach borani, eggplant puree\n\nDrank: Various beers\n\nLiked: Food was delicious, decor was cool.\n\nDisliked: Service was pretty slow.\n\nChicken: \n\nWould mom like it?: Unlikely.\n\nWould I go back:  Unlikely.\n\nRecommend: Eh.
Warning warning, the food here is for pig, not for human. The worse part, they give me only one bowl to puke instead of three.
Very aggressive salesmanship.  Terrible customer service.  Cheaply made furniture (breaks in the first month):-\/  Also, bed bugs.  DO NOT BUY FURNITURE FROM HERE EVER!!!
Breakfast for two for under $20? \nDone. \nIn addition to irresistible authentic Greek fare these guys have a solid (more American) brunch situation that was delish.
I got a chicken gyro. Too salty and very very bland. Th restaurant is not clean. Staff smoking outside. A horrible experience.
I can say the place is cleaning,That's about it. Food cold as the pop. The manager yelling. I'll head the other way to poppeyes, on Loraine road.
This little place outs out some great Indian food!  If you want something totally different, give them a chance!
I don't remember anything past saying.... \"Tommy, where the fuck is Tommy!?  I want another bottle of muther fucking Grey Goose.\"\n\nYeah, its always entertaining hanging out with entertainers.
When four women (that just happen to be nymphomaniacs) sit around a table and agree that the peanut crepe is better than sex, you are doing something right.
Drove from LA to chander just to eat here and it did not dissapoint me. So worth the 12 hour round trip drive.
No Place to park your car will get towed. No one wears gloves, they make salads, sandwiches with their hands, gross.
Horrible vegetarian pizza\n\nThe pizza is overloaded with toppings in a disproportionate manner.
The waiting are is amazing.  \"Free\" cookies, water, coffee, whatever they have. Big screen tv's.
Very well prepared Hawaiian cuisine.  Completely blows L&L out of the water. I definitely recommend the Kahuku shrimp.
Brunch options are great. Relaxed atmosphere on the sunny terrace. Chicken sausage, eggs on grits was very tasty. OJ was fresh squeezed.\n Server not too attentive though.
The service is really bad. 强制30%小费 好吧 又不缺那两块钱 你说你收就收了吧 好逮说一声吧 不说 悄悄就收了  。服务员态度差 怪我们把ktv给弄乱了 意思我们唱完歌了还得给它收拾好了才能走？ 然后那音箱那简直了 句句破音 尼玛还没我家音箱效果好呢 。唯一的优点吧 装修稍微新一点 但感觉跟国内乡下的ktv比估计还得差一个水准
It's not cheap, but \"the dancers\" will do a 69 tossed salad on credit, but you better pay up or else, if you catch my drift...
I stopped in there Sunday evening and tried the grape leaves. Oily, rich, melt-in-your-mouth-like-soybean packing material gooooood. And the old man's still a character with character to spare.
New town, new house, new frig from RC Willey and it is 11 minutes past the delivery window.  No call, crickets.  Not happy!
This place gave me stretch marks.\n\nNeed I say more?
We were very happy to work with this accountant. He listened and gave good advice. Prompt, honest good service.
Great Chinese food (dim sum and regular entree type dishes).  Great prices.   Good service too!   What more can you ask for?!?
Worst sound and hidden fee. Charged for 30% service fee which was not shown on the bill.
Overpriced food and drinks. Dirty, scummy dive of a bar. I would avoid this place at all costs. Even the staff seem to hate it there.
Food was OK do not go with more than six people because they will tax you 18% tip not cool
The sushi was ooooooooookkkkk nothing to rave about. I had high expectations from this place, but I have had way better sushi and quality.
I have never been so bored by a slice of pizza. It is about 20% less disgusting than neighbourhood pizza joints,  and about 50% more expensive.
The products are amazing--the owner is very informative and always helps me get the best product I need.  My wife  love more any time iam coming back from vegas!
Service was amazing-- that's were it ended.  See my tip about the food. When I got home,  I painted the toilet for over an hour!  Nuff said, right?
Booooo bed bugs everywhere. DO NOT LIVE HERE. Staff here lies and not helpful.
Awesome food with excellent service. A little spendy but worth it. Drinks were great too
Dont  expect a salad or bread with your pasta.\nNot what I've seeen elsewhere.
Whenever I'm having a bad day, I go to Chipotle, get a steak burrito, and eat the whole thing.  And it makes me feel so much better.
Fantastic store!\nOnly negative was that they sell so called \"Macedonian Style Feta\" wrong on many levels. Greek or Bulgarian? Thank you
This mall gives me the heebie jeebies. Weird, desolate pop-up stores, WAY too many kiosks with uncomfortable salespeople approaching you, dirty (DIRTY) bathrooms, dingy and dim...Done.
I Love NASM so informative and I just began and I am learning so much on training and Nutriton. I am so confident I'll be a success!
I've consistently found the tellers at this location provide better service than those in standalone branch buildings. Lines are shorter too. ATM always super convenient.
Great drinks and nice atmosphere.  Go for the happy hour - I doubt you would find a better deal in Vegas especially on the Strip!
Who doesn't love a hot dog?? Weirdos. Especially if they don't like these. This place is always delicious and hits the spot.
food poisoning from a medium rare hamburger. 'nuff said.\n\nexcuse me while i go visit the porcelain god again. ugh.
Run don't walk. The employees at this place are literally the worse people in the world.
Imagine Pei Wei. With crispy spinach. But without the raids by Sheriff Joe and his posse.\n\nYou've just been to Ling and Louie's.\n\nZang.
Love this place!!  Very easy to see physician.  Very helpful staff.  I will continue to to work with this healthcare group.
I love all Costco's, especially when I travel so I make it a point to go to a Costco to see what they have that's different from my Costco.
I love the coney meal!!! Is there anything on this menu that's bad??? Everything seems to be a slice above heaven!! Love this place!!
It would be great if they had the security monitoring all the drunk people that hang out there.
Stale chips and $7 burrito???!! No thank you. I'd rather have food from the Roach coach
Horrible customer service! I have tried to online book and have called twice in the past week, both times leaving messages. I have not had any acknowledgement or response.
Slop in a bright orange bowl.  If you are craving Chinese food, skip this place.
The foods always good and almost always have live music.  The flat iron steak was done right.  Sodas served in an ice cold mason jar
Peanut Butter Blondie Brownie - FTW!!!\n\nSoft.\n\nChewy.\n\nMoist.\n\nA little too buttery.\n\nRich.\n\nI could eat 12 of them in 1 sitting.
They were great and our pool looks fabulous!  Prompt, clean, and professional.  Thank you!
One of my fav Indian restaurants. They can make almost anything dairy free and I love the carrot amuse bouche at the beginning!
Angelina is great!  She did an amazing job with my hair.  She made me blonde again, and it looks great.  I get a lot of compliments on my hair.
Congratulations on selling mexican food with no flavor. Everything we had here was awful and bland. -1 star for this place.
At least the people that buffed and waxed my truck did a decent job!
This place was awesome. Friendly. One thing is your sandwich will take about 15 minutes plus to get. Overall solid.
4 stars for the pizza\n1 star for delivery time.\n45min-1hr delivery window \nWaited almost 2hrs for my pizza lol\n\nPizza is great just go pick it up yourself
yuck. my body hurts from eating the food and my soul hurts for making my body do it.\nBarf-o :(
I thought the prices were awesome\nand the food\n\nThe food actually impressed me!\nAnd I'm hard to impress.\n\nI like.
\"Oh you fancy huh! Oh you fancy huh!\"\n\nLas Vegas you so crazzzay!!! See you again soon!
I hope that bitchy pit boss has been fired by now.  Perhaps her name was Shirley?  She was just TERRIBLE.
The girly drink I had was sooooo good! \n\nI would pick Sierra Gold over Blue Martini any day! Half off pizzas and drinks for $3? Im game!
Fuck everyone who goes here; you make it take longer for me to get my drinks. Go stand somewhere else, you fuckin douchebags.
New servers suck and they will overcharge you for beers even if you didn't even drink em... stay classy!
Spinning.  Hardcore.  That about sums it up.  Give it a try if you want a workout that will totally kick your ass and leave you crying.
Yeah, they aren't that good anymore. Also, no creme brulee....BOO!
Ate:n\/a\n\nDrank: Beers.  Lots of beers\n\nLiked: Cool back area.\n\nDisliked: Not enough bartenders.\n\nChicken: n\/a\n\nWould mom like it?: no, mom doesn't drink.\n\nWould I go back: Yes.\n\nRecommend:
A vegan's dream. \n\nYou had me at Poutine. And you will have me again when I travel north :)
I got food poisoning from this location.  Avoid this place if you dont want to have to take the day off from work because of severe diarrhea.
They're just the best. Anything you want, they can get. Trustworthy and knowledgeable, and great service.
The waitresses are \nFrequently bitches from hell.\nBar fare is good though.
Best water company, all the staff is polite and very customer service oriented.  Bill pay on line very easy to use.
Great food, service, and delicious Huaraches! Real Mexican food! Love it! I never had this kind...
A bunch of hippie organic shit. I would recommend 0 people to go shop here. Please avoid
First visit\nGreat quality sushi. Had a sushi lunch special, 1 roll 1\/2 and 1\/2 plus 3pc nigiri $10.95. Great attention to detail in sushi.
If you have any common sense at all, please don't stay here.  Once, it almost burnt down...and I'm pretty sure most of the locals were chanting \"burn, baby, burn.\"
good mall for walking.\n\nthere is a costco, movie theater and decent food court
Hair in the food. Raw food. Crab leg jerky. Servers who hide. An awful experience in all respects. Will not ever go back...
Oh, Caribou, how I miss you! You are wonderful, and I still dream about you. Please come to California.
So many vinegars and EVOOs to taste, so little time.
Warning!!!!\n\nThe Bundtinis are like Pringles. Once You Pop, You Cant Stop!!!
We trade-off between shopping at Sam's Club & Costco. I prefer the food selection at Sam's club, my wife prefers Costco.
Food sucked.... Service sucked.... Strong drinks!!!!!! ......paid to be treated like a DICK!!!!!! Loved it
Super fun place with great coffee. They also have some great specials on beer. Lots of local art adorning the walls.
I saw the show a couple years ado. It was awful. Slow and dragged on and on. Most boring \"Christmas\" show ever! I wanted to walk out.
Best car shipper. had it sent in covered towage. great. Good price too, unlike a car broker. Anything with wheels shipped, call these folks.
Nasty, rednecky place. Greasy southern food and TV's turned up LOUD to appeal to the fat, obnoxious local sports lunkheads.  Yee-hawww - not.
BEWARE....Awful service. terrible company. Will NEVER use again. Big mistake. I had to clean after they left. AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!
Absolutely loved this show!  Great music, talented performers, funny, good story and just overall a great, fun show!  If you don't like 80's music this probably isn't for you.
This place makes sweet authentic Mexican love to your mouth and then cuddles your wallet after. Thank you Mama. I will come back for seconds. Big kiss
Terrible.  Do not go here.  The owner has owned the facilities sonce 1968 and apparently doesn't care about maintaining the grounds.
Watching the Steelers will make you turn grey. They sure try like hell to lose games, don't they?
Horrible food and service was pretty bad. The staff was rude and the portions were small. I would not recommend going to this restaurant.
You know what's awesome? \n\nChili cheese fries for breakfast to nurse a Vegas sized hangover.
Faaaaantastic! High quality f&c here, and amazing poutine too. Fresh ingredients, good service... ummm... nope, nothing bad to say!
worst customer service ever. o was harassed by the workers here multiple times being called a liar and then not following their own policies
Went for Happy Hour - great food great price. Women Bartenders RUDE and UNFRIENDLY!! Especially if a FEMALE!! Cater to MEN REGULARS!! Need a Younger and More Friendly Bartenders!!
Great food in large portions. I got a meat calzone and I can easily say that it is the best I've ever eaten. I would easily eat here again.
And in case anyone wonders. The drink was in her hand. Someone \"accidentally \" bumped into her.
Why would you get dim sum here when Chinatown is right there?\nAlso, why would they charge me 1 dollar for water? No one knows.\nDon't come here.
The Cinnabons are deliciously poisonous. The place was clean and they provided airport-quality service. \nBesides that, not much more.\nOh yes... Glorious scent as soon as you approach the store.
Nice hidden gem for \"central\" Scottsdale.  The green monster was awesome.
Friendly, clean, and comfortable, but some extra and unnecessary fees make this place more expensive than nearby competitors.
Awesome place to get\/order a delicious, above-average lunch!
Fun place for a group or just two. Menu has something for everyone. Nice servers with good food and atmosphere.
Eh, basically shoes for old women.  The only reason they're even \"famous\" is 'cause of Sex and the City... though I did love the knee-length cage boots.\n\nChristian Louboutin FTW.
Great experience. Very clean, fresh ingredients and friendly staff who take pride in their operation. Enjoyed it throughly and will be back for more!
This is a great location! Great service and excellent results after Mona did my eyebrows. I would recommend this location to anyone nearby. Positive vibe and very upbeat!
Oh Mickeys I love you now...only because you have the best pizza I could find at 3am...I needed to sober up and I couldn't think of a better place.
Absolutely love this junk store. All kinds of adapters and chargers as well as some pretty cool candies.
Amazingly delicious, great ambience too. A bit pricey as well but worth the splurge. It can also be a little tricky to find within the mall.
This is an authentic Irish pub! I had the Bellybutton, wonderful! can't wait to go back!
Midnight bowling is great!! If you see a hole on the roof, I might have been responsible (alcohol).
Enjoyed the breakfast at this busy but yummy breakfast bar.  Order at the front and seat yourself.  It's casual but the dishes are well prepared.
Horrible service! Overpriced and dirty! I wouldn't go back to this place and don't recommend it to anyone!
A well organized and semi well stocked store. Sometimes the employees are busy though and it is in some cases difficult to find help.
Environment is a lot of fun and the waitstaff is very helpful however prices are way too high. A 12 ounce beer cost in excess of $10.
Brad is the best barber ever. He has a nice beard.
Took out my girlfriend for a birthday brunch to toronto. Was delicious and good customer service. Will be back!
I will make this a short novel.\n\nChapter 1: Hostess \n\nFire your hostess she does not give a shit about the business.\n\nFin...
Free games, cheap drinks, friendly staff what more could you ask for?! This place is tyte.
It was arrite. not a pro at making steak but chicken was pretty goood. \nnot worth the scar-pickering trip tho
I would have better luck becoming a high ranking member of the illuminati than connecting to this innanet.
Please clean your bathroom.  The eggs were cooked perfectly. Did not care for the hash browns. All in all, probably not a due over.
Scary place to come to. Clientele is early-twenties street thugs and their midriff-baring future baby mommas.
The Venue of Scottsdale would be the product  if Sharon Osbourne had sex with The Olive Garden.
On time, friendly, no sales pitch, charged exactly what I was quoted and clean carpets.  Great company!
Hottest chicks and loosest machines...just kidding but it is the most amazing strip clubs in Vegas. Never a dull moment. Make it rain on these bitches today!
ever watch Dawn of the Dead?\n\nat least that mall had zombies to make it interesting.
The Pita Jungle management is really trying their best to remedy my experience and I am appreciative. Thank you.
Disappointed every time I've gone...won't be trying it anymore!!
One time someone gave me a gift certificate for The Root and I ate it because it tasted just like their food would have anyway.
I used to go there with my Dad just to window shop.
Now that I have tried other buffets for comparison I am downgrading the Hilton buffet.  There, take that mediocre buffet!  Ha!
Very tasty cheesecake platters made while you wait. Attentive service. CLEAN!
Awesome 1\/2 sour pickles.\nGreat knowledgeable waiter.\nExcellent food !\nMy wife and i will be back to try much more of this excellent food.\nGreat value for your money.
Don't get the peel & eat shrimp. They do not clean the poop vein. Totally gross. Food is lukewarm, and it seems like they really don't care. Never again.
Incredible job cost me $200 the home was absolutely disgusting and this cleaning service made it like brand new see pics.  \n\nWill always use these guys
This truly IS a one-stop shop!!! From good food, to great wine, to shopping, getting gas, or a car wash!
Outstanding.\nService was impeccable, as was presentation, pace and food quality.\nLet them impress you.
Five start except friday. Get rid of the dj. He is horrible. Bartender and juke box great. Prices great. Dj is butt
This airline is nothing but hot garbage. \n\nTwo hours on hold to cancel a flight - entirely by design. What a scam.
one hundred fucking dollars to replace two watch batteries??? that's nearly as much as i bought the watches for!\n\nwalked across the mall to another store and paid $10.85.
This is just another typical Starbucks. All of my items came out quickly and were made correctly...so no real complaints out of me! lol\n\nEnjoy.
The skillets are amazing!  Breakfasts are my favorite and this is one of my favorite places for that. \nYoli's is actually run by Yoli.
Waiting for over an hour at the Emergency.\n\nTV in the room doesn't work. No doctor yet. \n\nFuck you Dignity Health.
Love the classes.  The staff and the instructors are awesome.  Friendly gym attenders.
Looking for something small for a late night snack.\n\nAlthough service was fine and quick the pizza was greasy and way to salty.
Absolutely the best studio I have ever been to.\n\nFriendly staff.\nBeautiful, clean space.\nWonderful teachers.\nHuge, open studio.\n\nI really feel like I have discovered a hidden gem.\nSO GRATEFUL!
Usually crowded,\nSo get the balcony.\nPuke on someone's head.
pretty good, I liked it better than sushi samba
i think the people who eat at the melting pot buy things at the banyan tree.\n\nholy mother of god.\n\ngreat stuff, but holy crap is it expensive.
Dr. Knirk is awesome!!  Hardly any wait, staff is friendly!
Awful. Don't let your home warranty company send them. They never showed up, wasted an entire Saturday of mine waiting and are too unprofessional to return calls.
Great bee, food, games, and service.  Do yourself a favor and check them out!  You won't regret it!
New showroom in Scottsdale.  No pressure from sales staff.  Comfortable mattresses.  Free t-shirt!  What more could you want?   Oh, yes!  Free mints.
They were awesome and worked with our landscaper to create a backyard oasis!  Thank you!
Still the same ol  wash n go laundromat......bums n all lol.......but gets my wash washed....nuff said.
This place has bbq chicken coming out the friggin walls with awesome fries straight out of heaven. Portuguese grill with pastries, bread and attitude. Chop chop!
Pancakes are very good but as for everything else...... Quite terrible. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone under the age of 65.
Brunch with family. Had the garlic fries. Bird flew in. Was eh.
Horrible customer service and experience at the Gilbert store, bike was taken apart not put back together and other bike came out with flat tire...no response from manager.
Very scary walked in and walked out!\nWent to the rail instead!
I love Cassie!!! GIve her a try and Im sure you will too!!
Love the pharmacy here. They are friendly, mostly fast and I am always in and out.\n\nMinus the bums and hookers outside this place is alright.
Stopped in with my wife to check it out and the fact that they had no photos allowed posted all over kind of annoyed me.
Went for lunch today. Closed. Space for Sale or Lease. \n\nSadly, I still hunger.
awsome family dealer, they are honest and friendly, give good service\nfor a fair price. will continue to go for years to come
Not going back! Poor customer service. Watch didn't fit and they refused to refund or exchange. Only a matter of time before this store is shut down as well.
I feel badly for posting a negative review. I am unable to delete it so I'm resubmitting it.
Shocked to see such poor reviews. I loved Allegiant.\n\nAffordable, quick, and helpful.\n\nWill use again if I ever fly again.
Man I got fuktup here tonight!\nVeggie burger was great!\nSo were the many beers, double shots of Patron tequila and the Bloody Marys I had!\nSo much fun!\nDef will return again!
They put out coupons that aren't valid and offer a smaller discount, $3 off vs the $15 off. Drove 8 miles to use the coupon to receive an apology.
Good pizza really liked it and good service too. Really loved the inspirational wall I want that wall in my house.
Great pizza, wings, beer selection, and service. Also very clean. Recommended.
What an awful place! Rude staff, bad service, and lousy food. Very disappointing. Plenty of other places in the area that are better choices!
My house is a part of American Residential and any issues that the house may have they always fix things in a timely manner.
Good beer selection.  Guys that work here are dope.  Love the crackheads outside.  For a tenner you could probably get your salad tossed behind the BK dumpster...
Chez Cora...\n\nBecause sometimes you want an American-sized meal in Montreal.  \n\n_C$
Good times! Food was good and the staff are Dicks! If you have a sence of humor you will have a great time!
Don't even bother. This place is a ghost town with less than bright servers.
My favorite football teams stadium...GO STEELERS!! Lol\nWasn't able to go inside but it was cool to see it...\nLots of parking.
Not the greatest ice cream or service but the three stars come from the wonderful nostalgic atmosphere and interesting selection of sweets
Great place after the football game at Veritas! All of us were happy, great portions and delicious! So happy to have found this gem on Yelp!
The worst. Id rather go to Vegas and spend the entire time vomiting in my hotel room than deal with these people.
I'm not really sure why this place exists. It's always empty and the one time I went in there, I promptly walked out. What a waste of space.
Tonya has captured some great moments in my life. I'm glad I have such beautiful photos of my family, pets, and Elvis paraphernalia. Poprock rocks!
Took an iPhone 6 here for screen repair and all of the sudden it has a 6 digit passcode that I don't know.
Ordered an old-fashioned on the rocks.  They sure do know their whiskey and bourbon here!  Friendly bartenders, stiff drinks, nice ambiance.
Yay! I'm a fan.\n\nThank you fellow yelpers for the spot on reviews of this place.\n\nCheap,decent and friendly. Best downtown buffet? I'm on a mission to find out!
Good food for when you're in a bind. Bread made locally, tasty subs, (usually) fresh turkey.
For $38 pp, I thought all the food was just average.  The desserts were disappointing.  Service was excellent though.  I definitely wouldn't wait in line for this buffet.
Grade; C-\n\nI don't understand why people make such a big deal out of this below-average place. Lemmings... Food Fight Inc. fools Madison yet again. Don't believe the hype.
Your typical Target. We were there bargin shopping for the wife. A positive for ALL Targets...free wi-fi for my iPod!
I have had not one pleasant experience this company. The  drivers are unprofessional. Most of the cars are filthy.
Decent pho - but if you want better, simply go next door to Superior Pho - easy peasy, vietnamaneesy.
Excellent Parts & Service for all Light, Medium and Heavy duty trucks. Dealership sales Freightliner, Western Star & Ford trucks. Also a Sprinter dealer!!
roar boom fireballs \nwow wow - this is how we kill \nrecruiters wet dream. \n\nSorry, but all of these multimillion dollar death machines creep me out.\n\nCarry on.
Charter is quite possibly run by the Devil. I can't say for certain it is, but I'm fairly sure.
It was kinda small . the food was good. I really loved the guy at the pasta bar. You have to get your own drinks
I love the people there. They are very kind and spiritual. The services are excellent!\nNice quiet relaxing waiting room. I would go again.
Crap on your Groupon customers.  Tried to redeem before it expired and was turned away because \"we have 100 people coming in and only 4 servers\". Classy.   Mayberry lives!
Great place!
Tried the lettuce wrap burger today.\nIt was great .\nQuick service .\nClean place \nFriendly staff .\nFried smelled great .
I walked in and then straight back out.  Also, there was an attack in the parking lot involving a hammer.
Look out Dragon!!!! The food and selection is MUCH BETTER and they don't have a SHITTY ATTITUDE like YALL do!!!!
If you're a guy looking for a sweet haircut, ask for Rondell. Dude is a whiz with scissors.
One star for the rude guy who told my guest that she can't have outside drinks....okay get it ...didn't have to say it in a rude way.
I was swimming in the pool and somebody threw a blunt off the balcony into the pool.. Disgusting
They reached out to me and tried to resolve the issues I had. I am changing my review to 3 stars because of their customer service.
Olive Garden is the same everywhere...decent food...decent prices...decent service!  Not authentic Italian by any stretch but still very good!  Love their breadsticks and Pasta Fagioli soup!
you live in a city because you were looking for fresh air? people smoke, get over it.\n\ndim lit (me likey) and wormwood-less :( absinthe (me still likey)
Allegiant has provided me with the smoothest and most scenic flight I've ever had.
Ehhhhhhhhh... They need better buns... and actually they need better hotdogs. I can get a better dog @ Costco. Probably won't be going back anytime soon.. sorry guys.
Amazing service! Always friendly, professional, and the delivery is awesome!! Love the organic option and pricing is reasonable with comps. I would highly suggest!!
Had a great sushi experience at Ninja Sushi. The food was great. Only 4 stars because they need a happy hour and a few more lunch choices.
Soft-serve rhubarb frozen yogurt. I feel this all I need to say. Go.
Standard Walgreens minus the slowest drive-thru pharmacy ever and the amount of beggars you'll encounter.
Goddamn, I SAID GODDAMN! They have a Raspberry Cheesecake ice cream here that blew my mind. That's all I'm sayin'.
I once bought some ribs that ended up bring just bones... Not impressed! Also not a fan of the attitude in here...
The Buffet at Bellagio has better prime rib and desserts (flan and creme brulee!) than the Wicked Spoon in The Cosmopolitan, but the Wicked Spoon is a better value.
No. Awful. Service slow. Beef ramen was hamburger meat ground in with college bag ramen noodles. Sushi rolls came out warm.
Very pricey when not on happy hour. Nothing special about this place. Service could be improved.
Bottomless mimosas, omelet station, sugar free desserts?!?! Amazing.\n\nNO SALSA!?!?! Toto, I guess we aren't in Texas anymore.
There were six cops here when we came in. I'm not exaggerating. It was a complete cliche.\n\nCoffee was good, donuts were fresh even though it was the afternoon.
Cool music, awesome service, amazing sushi, SCARY-ASS bathroom.
Very unhappy with this office.  Billing inaccurate.  Lack of Communication skills. Consequently,  wouldn't recommend.
Does yuck say enough. The food is so greasy and all tastes the same. Although they do have good wonton soup.
Dropped a combined $2482 with friends in one weekend. Worth every single penny. Must go if you go out in Cleveland,OH.
Absolutely the worst buffet I think I've ever been. Would of asked for my money back if it wasn't for the two for one coupon.
Cashier has really bad attitude, general Tao is way too sweet and portion is way too small.
We ate Crow last night for dinner.     Quoth the Raven, never more!\n\nWe're going to the Super Bowl for the 7TH time in 43 Super Bowls, Baby!
Carmina is awesome!  Really takes her time.  You can tell she lives her work.  Very thorough and meticulous! \nOnly person in Vegas my wife or I trust with scissors
Terrible.  Fish tasted like caught in sewer.  Veggies boiled to mush.  Out of most wines, tried to sell us bottle for twice what we wanted to pay.
Come here when you have time! They are always busy! Just spent 2hrs here for shellac mani and a pedi! But usually they do a great job.
I come here quite often because it's opened so late. Honestly, everything is pretty mediocre except the FRIES. I think they double deep fried it. So good, much crisp
More like Downstream. In town from CA and wanted to try something new. Bad decision. Bad service. Food was bland & ill prepared. What a disappointment.
Dead Betta Fish. My heart is broken from the cruelty. I'm sure they are rarely fed and they live in gross water. Shame on you Wal-Mart. Just stop.
Had the fixed price lunch.  Loved it!  Great tea selection and the front bar area is very cool.
The manager here is very rude. Did not want to rectify issues of honesty or quality. The customer is definitely not first with this establishment.
When you are craving Chinese food, Sichuan Hot Pot brings you authentic Sichuan cuisine and hot pot.
Every plate is designed to feed one Ork or three humans. Remember this as you enjoy your Americanized joke of a Middle Eastern dish.
Decent gas station.  Wide lanes, convenience store, easy access....what more can I ask for?\n\nReturn Factor - 75%
Great if you want to walk around aimlessly for ten minutes searching for a f***ing elevator like a chicken with its head cut off, other than that great selection!
Too left-wing for me. Cafe has no food and the store part is small and closes early, even if the place is open late. Total commies!
Great guy hangout; waitresses are scantily-clad and friendly.
Got asked for my ID while watching the Ravens @ Broncos game. The security guard was younger than me.
Yuuk.  While we don't eat Indian food often, this was way too spicy and the smell was not for the faint.  Got it carryout and threw most of,it away.
Called to get a quote. Guy on phone was very rude. Scheduled anyways. Never showed. Guess my experience wasn't quite a good as previous customer? We bought elsewhere.
Learn English, you should know what chicken fried rice is!!!!! You claim only white rice you have!!
I was realllly tempted to get a hot little nurse's uniform (for Halloween, of course!), but I resisted temptation.  Looks like they had a good selection, though.
I had an absolute blast shooting the Phoenix Coyotes commercial with Movie Work Now!
Good food. Love the schnitzel. Their new menu is delicious and you can still order things off the old one.
They stop and give me a ticket and a hot female can just get off. That's bs phx pd. Kiss my you know what.
The chicken was not good!!!the meat is too dry..and the service is terrible!!!!!you delete my review?i can give you just a bad review again!!!
The wait was fine, but staff was not friendly at all. I have a horrid bruise from this facility. Not happy with my experience at all.
Worst service ever they  damaged  products don't answer there phone and don't know who to add measurements. The store is run by complete idiots.
Random snackery that wasn't a fail: Jalapeno Pretzel + Cheese = YUM!
The Razzleberry Pie was super but pricy $12.99. I guess next month is $5.99 pies. Oh well it was yummy.
Stupid?..................kinda.\nCheesey?.............yup.\nTouristy?................well.\nWorth it?................probably.
Made reservations a month ago...arrived and try said their out of cars!? Guess reservations don't mean shit anymore...\nThis some bullshit
This is the tiniest bean burrito I've ever seen. I've ordered bean burritos from Taco Bell for years, but never got anything quite like this.
Do not order from them online. Totally unresponsive to a simple request for return authorization, all email correspondence ignored, no one answers the phone and no answering machine.
Prices are rip-off...battery price installed was $50 more than shop immediately next door.  Owner Sammy is rude and offensive to customers.
Grade: B Slow to no service - no big deal. Great, inexpensive food. Warning: Do not make eye contact with the angry trustfund hippies lurking about here. Enjoy!
The worst customer service ever.  They are the true terrorist of the air.  Nobody answers the phones.  This airline is a joke!!!!  They suck ass.  Never again.
Love this lot but I've been here for an hour already  and I haven't seen a server. Someone told me the veal is great. Idk.
Bad food, bad service. \nThe chicken Parmesan was way overcooked. The food had no flavor.
Did you know? Christina Aguilera used to get her hair done here.\n\nOH YEAH?? I GUESS SHE DID.
Sundae restaurant was too terrible .\nSame menu noting gonna change\nEverything.  Food price is high but quieter is low. Everything was sucks
Great for bachlorette ! All the guys are too hot but Matthew is too cute,all my girls had a crush on you Matthew haha
veerrrrrryyyyyyyyy dirty. I think I will buy them some clorox wipes and light bulbs for their sign out front. I made 12 u-turns trying to find this place.
Bed Bug!!! \nGot bit by bed bug. Woke up with swollen lip like a duck.\nHad to cancel all my meetings and ruined whole week.
Great Japanese and Sushi! \nMust try... the short rib and the crispy pata!\nBeautiful decor
I don't know if this qualifies as an update. However 101 Bistro is now closed. Eighty sixed. Nada here anymora. Adios. Hasta la pasta.\n\nRIP 101 B!
Got their strawberry daiquiri. Bomb. Next time I'm adding like 15 shots for $1 each.
Great new addition to Kierland. Just like the others Postinos. Great service food atmosphere and vibe. A welcome addition to Kierland and much needed.
Shooting day! This place looks amazing! You can find anything and everything for your next outdoor adventures! Love the atmosphere!
Your average Lowe's. Customer service is fine.    Never have a problem finding items we are looking for.
Every time I go to visit my mom's grave I notice people in the workshop area smoking marijuana, why do these people still have jobs?
If you are the franchise owner of this waffle house you should really reach out to me. Your being robbed blind.
White chocolate raspberry cup, chocolate peanut butter bar, burnt almond torte, oh my!
RUN do NOT walk! \nThey make promises they can not keep! Ruined coping stones and promised to replace them, only to be told \"we don't have any...too bad\"
Very cool pic whoever took it.  Well, for Clevelanders its our Empire State Building.  Its also one of our three buildings downtown.
Tonight they turned off the Dallas Minnesota football game in the 4th quarter and put PBS on the television. This place is screwed up.
Great customer service! \nCheap price! \nFast repair!\nDiagnose is for free!\n\nDefinitely would recommend this place for everyone!
I would rather spend the night lodged in a dumpster with 2 homeless gentlemen having their way with me..
Stopped by at this very friendly spot on a Wednesday evening. Reverse happyhour. Bourbon & coke $3.00, Mick Ultra $2.50 damn nice\n\nWe'll be stopping in more often.
One of my favorite High end casual clothing brands.  Go Japan...even tho its a UK designer.
Hands-down the best Tikka Masala I've ever had.\n\nGill is a great guy, very friendly.  Can't wait to bring my friends here
You are nasty Pete, especially here in Tempe.  Fast food, that doesn't come out that fast, served by greasy staff in a greasy space.
Average IHOP with friendly servers. Store is clean and has plenty of seating. Best pancakes are the cupcake and chocolate Belgian. Coffee taste great, too.
They will steal your money by \"losing\" your receipt and adding a 75% tip.\n\nAnd their coffee, black coffee, is terrible.
Over priced and i would not recommend this place. I would rather go to miller's ale house or famous dave's. You can probably make better bbq at home.
Great place to buy all natural food and supplies for my animals   Close to come. Friendly and knowledgeable staff too!
Closed today July  30, 2016 by order of the Ministry of Health. Yikes!!! Must be health violations.
I love it. Great place to get my seafood fix. Clean, awesome service and great food.
Another addition to Las Vegas, NV\nOpening day is set for Wednesday January 11, 2017 @ 10:30am
Best medical clinic in Mississauga. Dr. Rafay and whole team of doctors are so professional. Recommended clinic for everyone.
The cashier is a BITCH\nThe 18\" inch sausage Special was thin and burnt, no cheese,all sauce.
The barber ruined my hair. Cuts hair unevenly. They get distracted watching tv and talking with each other leaving the customer unattended.
I did some vinyl work for this body shop\nOn one of the vehicles they repaired\n3 months later still have not been paid\nDead Beats\nUnprofessional \nTake your business elsewhere
I love this place!!! Super cheap and on top of the styles!! Heck, the prices feel like Goodwill prices!! This store is my new best friend!
Dumb little kid has no respect for customers. Really need to fix service to get more customers.
Horrible. Place has gone downhill. Items are either overcooked or undercooked. Staff doesn't seem to care. Slow service.
Masterfully Messy & Marvelous honey. Service from Marlon was Fan-EFFin-Tastic, Believe the hype Egg Slut will seduce you.\n\nCiao
Amazing food, amazing service, great atmosphere and fabulous drinks. Order the champagne cocktail and the cod fish, won't regret it
TSA pre checkpoint are never open for the Delta flights. Additionally the TSA staff are about the most unprofessional, rude and distasteful people I've ever encountered.
Pancakes, pancakes, pancakes.  Everybody told me I HAD to try and their pancakes.\nWell, the short stack they served me were lousy pancakes.
Excellent LavAzza coffee, pastries and sandwiches are really good too.\nQuick, convenient, and delicious. \nLocated between The Venetian & The Palazzo casinos.
Can someone let me in it's freezing also I have appropriate footwear on now the music sounds good though seriously though I can't feel my tootsies
This place is fucking garbage bad service. Especially the bartending area, I found a cockroach in my burger.
a lot of tacky decor\na lot of average wait help\na lot of messiness in the bathroom\na lot a lot of very average food\nand...\na lot of old people
Great store, knowledgeable staff, courteous, professional. I highly recommend this retailer to anyone looking for vintage items in New condition at great prices.
AAMCO went above and beyond to take care of a customer service issue that I had.  Really stellar attention to their customers here.  I highly recommend!
Sports Station is what every bar would look like if the Germans had won the war.
Quick and cheap, two things that you dont find often in Vegas. Everyone were super nice and smiled. If I stay here again, I'm definitely stopping in again
Friendly staff and Manager Michelle was awesome!\nGot the bed we wanted for a good price
Lucky Moose Food Mart is a large, well stocked, clean Asian food mart that may not be fully aware what a moose is (see sign). ;-)
I call this place Stale & Inconvenient. Why? Because I'm an ass... but seriously, why can't they just have loose produce like every other freakin grocery store? UGH.
Quick, courteous,  knowledgeable,  3 things I appreciate and decent price for battery change.
HUH?  $25 for a lollipop? I don' get it.  What's the allure?  Not like Brittany Spears or Kim Kardashian are paying that!\n\nPLUS:  THIS COMPANY IS CANADIAN!!!!
Worst store manager in morning shift. Took her 20 mins to get me my change. Fck this Walmart.
Completely overpriced with fake highly processed chicken and they charge .69cents per scoop of vegetables and they are very stingy on the amount they give
I love Fitzgeralds for super cheap craps.\n\nSometimes the dealers (excessively) break wind and blame the customers.\n\nNot the crap shooting I had in mind.
This place is ok, not bad. But, not great either. Just ok. It has the same decor, style, flow and lines...... The crust is the best part. Mediocre.
\"KITTENS $89.99!\" \n\nThat's what the sign said.\n\nPets are to be adopted, not bought like television sets.
Barf. Everything we ordered was Nasty I'm sorry I can't. The drinks are fine but the food , NO
This is horrible place to go  if your are Asian!!\nThey even serving you forever!!!!\nTerrible  server and service ever!@
Visited here to check out the \"Auto Collections\" car exhibit with a free coupon.\n\nWalking through the hotel itself - it was old, \"runned-down\" and messy.
Strange place. \nBlue lights.\nBad service.\nBad food.\nIt's a neighbourhood hangout for sheesha smokers. \nIf you're not a local, you'll find this place strange.
I need to deduct another star for their use of styrofoam cups.  Green definitely it's not.
Deer prison.  This place need to be shut down.
As I was using the ladies restroom in the main floor, I felt like dancing. \nI'mmm sure you can see the visual...
Best Trinidad food ever. Worst service ever, just like Trinis.... hahaha. They can cook good food and party. I guess thats all that matters.
-Very dirty store.\n\n-Filthy, smelly restroom.\n\n-Formally a Mervyns (two stories).\n\n-Cashiers spend too much time chit-chatting instead of helping customers.
So very yummy! Our server was really great about being on top of everything including refills. He was very knowledgeable!
Slices poops all over other mall pizza places like Sbarro.  Excellent selection, probably upwards of 20 pizza options.  \n\nOh, and who eats plain old boring cheese pizza?
The Kyklos gyros are really great. The service was excellent-----fast and friendly. Will definitely come back if in the area.
Excellent experience with Noble. Easy scheduling, on time, paid by phone, and friendly. After they finished, my lifeless carpet looked better than when i moved in 4 years ago.
Too pricey. Food was not that great, it was too salty and not fresh.  The workers were rude and not nice.  Would not recommend this place at all
Noche Latino Wednesday nights. Great Salsa, Merengue, Cumbia music. Older crowd, generally, but great salseros tearing the floor up. Spacious dance floor and lots of seating available.
Very good. They provide excellent customer service.
Got to the room and there was a random open bottle of water ....\n\nEnough Said
I ate here twice.  The food was great!  The atmosphere and service was also good.
I had really high hopes for this restaurant. The food was off.. the salmon smelled and tasted off.
Well after paying for a $18 dollars for a glass of wine you don't expect a PLASTIC glass. Come on !!!
This place does great work, pricing is inexpensive and the turn-around time is better than I was used to.
This place freaks me out. Employees weren't very helpful. \n\nIf you can, go anywhere else but here.
La bouffe est bonne, mais je n'y retournerai plus à cause de la malpropreté. C'est un des pires déliquants selon les inspecteurs du gouvernement.
6\/28\/2015\nThis church spews gay hate. Today's sermon was all about how to be homophobic and was teaching children ignorance!
A ring for each finger and a sixth for my... \n\nother hand!  \n\nYou're dirty!\n\nGo Steelers!!!
First time getting my hair dyed at a salon and it was a success. Very happy with the result thanks to Andy.
I have found memories of the Fire Pit in the Marin Peppermill. Planning to take a trip to visit the famed Las Vegas mothership soon!\n\nDetails to follow.
If you want to get beat up by a big Asian man this is the place for you! Just $35 for 60 min and got hot stones as well
Overall this was great. Rented the car for a week for a great price!  Definitely better than competitors (robbery)
BIG THANKS to sassy cakes for being able to deliver a very special last minute cake! You are awesome!
This is not a mall, it's a latrine!\n\nGo to Arrowhead Town Center instead on 75th ave & Bell Rd.
The Irene P Flinn Theater is  great. I went to see Sharks 3D here yesterday. I wasn't scared.
From Cincinnati... Expecting the French Toast like from VITOR's... Only got toasted bread with jam. So disappointing
I have never been in this place.! But I plan on it.  I am lying in bed right now. I am 6 feet tall.
ample parking, free water in the waiting area, friendly professional personable staff, quality dentistry, distracting decor (good for those tough procedures!).
******** superbowl : fail ********
stay out of the hot ass sun!!    door to door service
Had the Vermonter. The thinly shaved onions...brilliant...just the right amount of onion. Loved the cranberry mayo. The sandwich meat was delicious!Suggestion: maple mayo!!
I don't get why these guys get a 5 star.  I can even get them to return my phone call to schedule a quote.  Very unprofessional.
Just stopped here for drinks and enjoyed ourselves.I cant say anything about the food because I dont eat Sushi!!!
Oh. My God.\n\nSpecial Kitfo. Get it Raw.\n\nDon't buy any crack outside, though.\n\nThis place is a win.\n\nBut I'm serious about the crack. It's cheaper up the street.
Saboroso! Tasty! I usually order the tacos al pastor or the carnitas. The tacos are small but flavorful. I wash it down with horchata, Yum!
Rude drive thru service on Sunday 1\/22 and I found a hair fried into my cold chicken nuggets and cold fries. Not coming back here
if you're in the mood for a cheap drink and a good ol fashioned stabbing, go here.
These guys are scissor ninjas with a flair for style cuts that is second to none. Transformed me from Hill Billy to Billy.
I know all about the e.coli outbreak, I was a victim of it stay farrrrr away from this place. I thought I was going to DIE
Take your kids there at Christmas....then explain that the cute little deer are kept in a windowless prison all year.....terrible animal cruelty going on here.  Go shop at Chapans.
Not just noodles!  Stomach discomfort and gas that could kill a small child, too! (presumably from the greasy, MSG-laden food).
Zero if I could. Order food an hour ago and just got a call saying they don't have a delivery driver. It would have been my first time.
This place is full of evil and grease...pure grease with some cheese and orange sugar....
Mimi's is awful,menu sucks,food is awful\nIt is not the same, service is awful. Will not go here again, they changed menu.
Happy hour was great.  Loved the pulled pork sliders and the fried calamari.
Rude employees (Bob), balls are old, overpriced, gets too crowded.  Go somewhere else.
Love this place for all the reasons that Tim B didn't. Nuff said.
Right by the Golden Nugget..eh it's alright. Nothing special. Okay customer service.\n\nBUT, definitely a rip off for a fruit cup that's $5...filled with nothing but air.
Just wanted to thank Jason Dyer for the excellent customer service!!!
The loft is a Regent Square establishment near Frick Park.  A typical bar and light fare restaurant.  Their hot dogs are great if you are in the mood.
A bit more expensive, but so worth it.  Free pickup and delivery.  Great service.  Clothes look amazing - don't smell, and yuppie guilt is assuaged.
Overpriced not so tastey food. if your looking for a greek type meal you can find better places then this.
Worse place ever, not only the service but the price and food\nThis is why nobody beats Starbucks
Two words:\n\nTater.Tots.
Limited wine selection Cabernet wine wasn't good at all but Marlowe was a little better.
This place was super boring .. I wouldn't go back... U can't smoke weed lol \nBut super boring here
So fattening. SO unhealthy. SO DELICIOUS! It was worth the drive from LA to AZ.
Love this store. Super cute and there is plenty of selection. I always have my Beautiful stylist Destiny help me out to pick some stuff out.
I think they changed chef ! Not that Authentic indian food for sure ! I have to lower my review on this
Doctor kotoske did a great work on me.\nLove his manners and his staff.affordable and professional.
Excellent food, good quality, fast friendly efficient service, large portions nice price point. \nThis place is a must try....\nEnjoy!!
Not a huge fan of the overall disorderly atmosphere and inventory management, but food cooked on the premises is good, if a bit pricey. Service is hit or miss.
I love this place.  Happy Birthday, SideBar!  I'll be back to see you soon.
Sensory overload.  I'm extremely happy I sought closer seats at the later show.\n\nIn a word, incredible.
Holiday Inn brand perception wordle before staying at this location:\nDespair\nDrifters\nTrafficking\nMules\nMystery Stains\nClean-ish\nBleach\n\nHoliday Inn brand perception wordle AFTER staying at this location:\nFriendly\nClean\nComfortable\nHappy\nYay!
This organization was extremely helpful as we were doing business from out of state. Faxes and email were quick and efficient. We highly recommend this service.
Love working out whenever I want to. Cool place, pretty good size, workout equipment is in good shape, and the front desk guy is always real cool.
I love living here. Excellent location, great amenities, friendly and responsive staff! Even the rent is reasonable!
don't you love it when your friend's trick you into going to a gay country bar during a drag show? i sure do! Thanks again girls!
Lovely place and lovely staff! Great value for the price and big portions. Subway is definitely quaking.
Caswell's was always a nightmare, but they were the only game on this side of town. Now they aren't. Go to Ted's.
Have used this salon several times to get my hair done here.  Fantastic and super friendly people and they do a great job!
Horrible customer service. We walked by several workers and the owner who never acknowledged our existence. We will take our business elsewhere.
I had a sandwich that contained all of the following:\n\nSteak\nChicken\nBacon\nCheese\nJalapenos\nother stuff\n\nIt was, in a word, freaking amazing.  The hot sub of the day is almost always my choice.
Two stars because my refresher is really good. Rude staff. Comfortable seats near the exit.
Had a great time here earlier today. Well located just 10 miles outside Pittsburgh, and easy to find with plenty of parking. Definitely a safe, fun environment.
Meh...If you like middle age women with subpar talent then is the right club for you never again
My first taste of chick fil a in YEARS. It was going great until they forgot the mayo.
too many people. line to register was way too long.\nI hate Las Vegas.\nI stayed here because I went to Zion National Park.
Double yum! Mushroom Spinach grilled cheese with a delish Broccoli cranberry side salad dish. The food was delicious and the place is adorbs! I love the outside patio.
This place should change its name to Via De Los Banos. Pull up a chair and prepare to swat flies away from your plate!
The worst taxi company.  Drivers smoke in the car and don't follow the rules of the road.
Nice. Not the best but comfortable. Dick wings were good. Everything else was just ok. Drinks on par and service was good.
NY member (via Vancouver) transplant so my expectations are high. Gorgeous and clean facility.
This library is close to home and great,  the librarians are always warm and friendly!!\nGood selection and always neat and clean!!
I want to live here.\n\n...vegan junk food at its finest.
Brain-dead.  Will consider updating this later...\n\no_O
Don't come here. I want it all for myself.\n\nPS, the Yelp deal was honored with no fuss. Awesome.
It is the shame of the U.S. Don't buy, don't use. My first internet server, which is 15 years ago, was much faster than this useless Internet provider.
Extremely bad service.  $10 bottle of water.\n\nDrinks expensive.  Plenty of other places in other casinos
Counts Kustoms does not stand behind their work, I'll never own another vehicle made by them again.
I accidentally parked here while going to Fremont street ($10 ?! Really ?) It looks like the place shut down years ago but nobody told the employees.
Saw a girl convulsing and foaming at the mouth on the floor before even entering the gates.. Not good for kids indeed.
Update. Car got stolen right out of our spot! Security saw nothing, management never got back to us on their \"investigation\" ridiculous.
Update ..the manager actually did call me back and she was just as dumb, it not dumber than her employee.
Having celiacs, they were very helpful in adjusting a drink while still making the drink special. Oh and all that jazz...
The sushi was pretty good.  When you add the sub-par ambiance and the likelihood that you'll be sitting near a group of d-bags, it's not worth the price tag.
The girls at the front font do their job.  I always wait and then find out they didn't mark me here. 45 minutes for blood work!!!!
Location and music is good; service isn't, and the waitress was impolite. Wouldn't recommend it.
To Jeff you are a jerk\nSome of us that can't eat gluten aren't powder puffs \nWe have Celliacs disease you ass!!\nHope you never have to deal with it!!
Great Food!!  Kooky Atmosphere!!  A must-try when you're in Sin City!
When balls of fried chicken have sexual encounter with Mac and Cheese.... They make a beautiful baby. \n\nAnd I am going to eat that baby.
Food was not so good. Staff did not look healthy; Whataburger needs to pay their PHX employees more money.
I got food poisoning the last time I ate here as did my girlfriend. We had the burgers plus the waitress was rude, would not recommend.
...Bouchon, Public House, the shopping, and the sports book - the best hotel in Vegas, imo.
Definitely a 'cool' place for kids! Video games to entertain, a play area for smaller tikes and a very accommodating staff. Yes, they have my recommendation for yelpers.
I had Tranquility Ponds clean my ponds and they did a great job.  They were on time, did a thorough job, and were polite and helpful.
Meh. $15 a glass for a $19 (retail) bottle of wine?  I'll give it another go when they have a few more months under their belt.
Support Local!  I am from Colorado but go out of my way to support local folks. And, this place is great!  Sandwich was unique and flavorful.   Try it...5  STARS!
Been twice and really enjoyed both visits.  The drunken noodles are tasty and flavorful without being overly spicy.
Great and funny show. A must see in Vegas. I would see again. I Highly recommend the show. 10 of 10!
Instant ramen noodles would have tasted better than this. The ginger flavoring was way too overpowering.
I love the board and bottle deal!! The Riesling is amazing and the artichoke bruschetta is my absolute favorite
What a joke!  Def don't recommend.
Food was okay, but not wow for the price that I paid...it worried me a little when the waitress asked me how I wanted my chicken cooked.
Yes, I want me some more of this.\n\n[doing crunches and pushups in preparation]\n\nI'm coming for you EBC, summer of sleaze 2013 will be one to remember.
If you like pizza that tastes like BRUT cologne then this is the place for you. THIS PLACE IS NASSSTY. NO THANKS.
Have been here many times with the mrs. If malls are your thing, it's ok. I'd rather go to Walmart myself (malls aren't my gig).
Fantastic overall experience. Creative and unique menu. Wonderful service. Great ambiance. Delicious dishes-specifically the poori was a favorite! Check this place out
RIP. This place was the tits. Old-fashioned cake donuts to die for, and 24 hours to boot.
Super loud and super dark, don't remember a whole lot else but I woke up with my shoes and coat on. Two stars?
Anyone who thinks that Vegas is \"The Entertainment Capital Of The World\" has never been to Pattaya, Thailand =p
Good rates, staff is nice, easy in and out.
Line up early for dinner.\nGet stuffed\nand go around the city.\n\nI love their steaks, crab legs, and dessertssss
Quick, affordable, good service.\nNot much else to write about a muffler shop except they didn't try to screw me.  So that's worth 4 stars!
Pretty good.....got stoned and enjoyed myself.Food was better than most greasy chinese buffets with a pretty good selection.
These guys rock. Great team there. Competitive prices. Fast install. Thanks, guys!
Too much fried food and ramen is not healthy. The staff was really friendly, but they can add more healthy options on the menus.
Decent lounge, good music, fun crowd.
Very dissapointed.  Did not get what we asked for.  Was suprised at the results given the excellent work we had seen her do for other people.
Um.... I was scolded by the bouncer here for trying to take a cell phone picture of my wife in front of a wall of shoes.
Excellent value, bad decor, and the food is good.
day 56\n\nit's just a room with no internet. you might be barely able to tap into the super 8 next door.
Wasn't really impressed...but it was OK. \n\nNothing special here...the service seemed a little slow and standoffish.\nThe grooming was ok\nThe location is ok
New crawfish joint. Locally owned, and the crawfish tastes alot fresher than the other crawfish places in Vegas
i ate here once and literally threw up the food was so bad. instead of GOOD FOOD, the sign should read \"ABERRANT BREAKFASTS\" or \"NIGHTMARE SUPPERS.\"
I did not like the ordering process I felt like  I had to yell my order over the counter.\nI ordered the brisket and it was great! \n\nFood was Great!
Watching these asshats make a sandwich is like watching the 3 stooges install a chandelier.
Maybe they could tell the homeless man sleeping in the booth for the last hour to leave.
For a local, excellent.  Music seems quieter now - maybe I'm going deaf.  Staff thoughtful and considerate.  Often fresh oysters on Fridays at $1 a piece - extreme value.
Best vietnamese food in Madison that I've had. Service was quick and food was delicious.
Horrible customer service. Most of the staff have no knowledge of what they sell.
Overall less than average for the value. Forks smelled like fish and food below average.
Place is out of business.  See photo of front door notice. One less monster truck roll emporium, no loss to the city.
Tried to go. Apparently it's gone. Would be nice if someone had updated the website.  It really did Suck and Blow.
I got there at 615 and the door was locked. If you're not going to be open then change your times.
Awesome campus. Awesome departments. Awesome courses. Awesome students. Awesome professors. Awesome alumni.
Dr Kovac and his staff are wonderful, professional and a great asset to our community! They are always supporting local charities and events!
A giant sportsbook that played the Lakers on like 2 tiny screens. D: \n\nLots of shit talkers chillin here that got their asses shut up after the Lakers won.
Uhm, try the Bananas Foster flavored ice cream. It will make you believe in God.
Nice large cafe with wifi\nThey have a nice patio to people watch in the village.\n\nWork-friendly cafe.
Yas! Is that what kids say nowadays? Loved the donuts, loved the donut holes, shamelessly ate through 2 dozen donut holes within 2 days. AND IM NOT EVEN SORRY!
Good place , Okay Okay food, good service and ambience, went for a buffet,Haleem is not so great, rest of the buffet is okay and totally an average place.
How did this place even get 4.5 stars? Tom's Urban serves terrible and overpriced food. Stick with Shake Shack next door.
Our attorney Jordan got the job done! Besides Jordan the staff in this office was amazing.
Good breakfast place. Nothing  fancy just good hearty breakfast joint.  No ambiance but food is good. Only breakfast restaurant have peanut butter for free of charge for your bread.
Apparently, Barro ' s has decided that their gluten free offering is ok with a pre - made crust. \n\nI can say that it's NOT.  \n\nIt tastes like cardboard.
Still cooking (at a later than average hour)\nGyro was fresh and tasty. So was the beertender...\nI think \nI mean\nthey both looked great\nGive it a go
Courteous and professional. The employees here are very helpful. They take the time to help you get what you are looking for.
Gambling. Drinking. Eating. More drinking and gambling than eating.\n\nStaying on the strip is better than being far out.\n\nBeautiful...\n\nCan't imagine living here..\n\nWhew
Impeccable service department!! I was very impressed with the level of service provided!
Old Chinese lady with glasses that takes your order ,can't even do it properly.Messed up my food gave me raw chicken :(
Their sandwich is totally different from \"Subway\" or \"quinoz\" kind of.\nThey make really gourmet sndwich.\nThere are so many choices, too.\nYou will like this shop. Try!!!
4 of us went. Each had a different dish. No one was blown away. Over priced. Best thing was the fried rice.
Love this place and their crew. Always happy! Food was awesome. Fresh Fries!
Unbelievable! My friend loses a PS4, probably in the way truck going to storage place!
Worst service ever! Horrible bloody marys and wait staff had no clue what they were doing.
Employer of choice!!! USAA is consistently rated a top employer in Phx, as well as the nation. Fortune 20 company!
Worst place in Brunswick. Only for a \"select\" group of locals. Terrible service. Terrible food. Spend your money in any other Brunswick establishment then this one
Very impressed!\nKnowledgeable staff.\nSuper safe and professional atmosphere.\nThe building is beautiful, floor to ceiling windows and a large parking lot.\nOpen 24 hours a day with a drive through, winning!
Been going to Dr. F for years now, he's brilliant, warm, engaging, and simply the best. Would never go to another optomitrist.
Normally a good place to go. Brought some new customs to check it out. Waited five minutes. No one served us. Left.
Terrible service, waited on the phone for 45 minutes, then they can't find my Rx. Never using them again
Neat little place with a unique and tasty house sandwich called the Suicide 6.  Friendly service and food was done quickly.
received lousy service when we went there the second time.. and some very surprising and shocking replies and comments..
It is, what it is: a very commercial, country bar. Highlights were the fried bologna sandwich. Lowlights were: most everything else. In fairness: I had no business being here.
Out of milk at 7:30???  With a yogurt shop 25 yards away?   The burger was decent though.  Typically airport service, typically airport prices. No milkshake for me tonight.
A Russian bakery with just some darn tasty cakes.  Be sure to try the amadus cake, yummy hazlenuts and cream.
kidnappings, shootings, and rape- basically this place is Detroit in a two story building.....
I was actually at Blakeney family physician and My doctor is very good and ready to get my knee mri'd soon!
Maybe I went on an off day.\n\nThis buffet reminded me of Hometown Buffet. Sad, worn out, and full of subpar food.
Excellent service. The bartenders are so sweet! The drinks are great, they are worth it! I will be coming here more often, just for the drinks alone.
Great spot.  All hand made and hand carved meats in the sandwiches.    And Roxy is Foxy
We had a complimentary All-Black Hummer H2 stretch Limo to use.  Take that Prius! \n\nConvenient Truth right thurrr!
Best roti! Enough said, just go. They customize everything. Service is amazing, so friendly. Just a family joint. The music is great. I loooooove the mixed veggie korma roti.
The other two reviews pretty much summed it up. Give it a try and get inspired.  Richard Maraj is great!
Nice family owned business with some very nice furniture and antiques. Very friendly and even had a conversation with them as I shopped.
Fantastic dinning experience!  Carmine our waiter was very attentive and informative.  Everything was excellent!
Great, friendly service! Scanning, copies, and shipping all done while making you laugh!
Nice Apple store on two levels and free wifi, even for those of us who are rocking with an Android. Interesting to see the advertisements and signage in French.
This place is really fun! its outside and theres so much room. Crowds not too bad for the times ive been there. Highly recommended!!
\"Drew\" at the pharmacy answered all of my Mom's questions, was friendly, and even cracked a joke.  It was a very short visit, but pleasant.
This place has mandatory towel service, which I just find pretentious
It's been awhile, but you always do me right.
They just remodeled the inside and now have garbage cans. Praise the lord!
Im a fan of happy hour! i love this restaurant very classy but great prices, DELICIOUS! \nI SAY TASTY fOOD!Yaum!
Pretty sick joint but there was a lemon in the lime bucket which kinda rubbed me the wrong way.
Got two sandwiches and some chicken nuggets. Asked for honey mustard and honey.\n\nCurrently sitting at home sauceless. Who wants chicken nuggets with no sauce?
Good for drinks, but after eating here twice I don't think my stomach can handle their food a third time.
Really great experience. Very knowledgeable, and thorough. Walked us through everything that we needed to know. Overall very satisfied!
Pros: Tasty food.\n\nCons: Tiny, tiny portions for the amount paid. We feel ripped off. \n\nVerdict: Would not recommend.
We only spoke on the phone, but I received good advice and felt comfortable with the company. There was no transaction, so I could not rate any higher.
Fresh food. Cheaper than the competition. Fills up the bowl. What else can you ask for?
Ever since RTO left, this place went downhill. Food and service are terrible.
Called.  Voicemail said they would call back 'Immediately'.  No call back.  nothing.   Felt sorry I left my name and address.  Hoping they aren't gathering names\/addresses and stealing identifies.  Weird.
Great massage.nice price...very tranquil and peaceful atmosphere...very professional
Packed and flavorful sandwiches.  AWESOME cookies.  Owners are down-to-earth and if this place was in a more populated area, it would be slammed non stop.
Oh, Gaprao Gai, how I love thee.  Nom.
Overated!  Boring, boring, boring!  Did I say boring?\n\nNot a real Cirque show!  Lots of running around but very little performance.  \n\nGo to a real Cirque show like O!
Drinkin'\nGamblin'\nWalkin'\nDancin'\nPartyin'\nDrinkin'\nSmokin'\nWinnin'\nLosin'\nPeople Watchin'\n\nI LOVE LAS VEGAS! \n\nAnd, this is my 100th review! YAY!
Very comfortable bed and room.  Professional staff.  The public pool, however, is a bit boring reviewed by my 8 year old.
Stupid manager kayle didn't let me finish my Coffee inside.
My donut hierarchy:\n\ndunkin\nkrispy\nhappy donut in san fran\n\nnew to the mix: tim hortons\n\nverdict: better than krispy, less nostalgia than dunkin. \n\ngood coffee too.
Total rip off. $200 for a cake that feeds 4 mice. Drove 45 minutes from scottsdale to be quoted 3 times the amount quoted by phone the day before.
I love this pizza. I wish that little man would take me on a ride :)\n\nSeedable-
I have had some good digestive experiences here. \n\nAlso, I have kin who works here... so that's another incentive for you to step in.
day 56\n\nservice wasn't much better than i got at bob evans but it was a whole lot quicker and i like to keep my misery short haha.
Seriously, what is not to love about this place... delish food, great service, parking a bit bad, but its so cool and kinda romantic... most check out...
Hard to walk into a place called Juan's Flaming Fajitas without ordering the fajitas. They're the tits.
We don't eat at many national chain restaurants.  But when we do, we prefer BJ's.
The Service Technician was really good but they charged me $145.00 for a ten dollar part.
Great food and awesome community involvement. Will be back for sure. Thank you for being a strong community partner and a great place to eat yummy food.
About as pleasant a shopping mall as you will find. \n\nI love the Vans Store. \n\nIts usually not crowded and the clientele is much preferable to Metrocenter.
rude customer services. high rental rates and ridiculous cancelation fees. wouldn't rent from this place ever again.
Oh. My. God. So. Good.
Newly renovated. I have always been impressed by the speed of service at willow wash. The place is nice after the renovation.
Wait, a Korean-run kaiten-zushi joint with Hispanic sushi chefs? LOL, NO THANKS.
SHAME ON YOU.  PRANTL'S\nPastries I purchased today chocolate heart with shamrock on top is a recycled pink heart from Valentine's Day and tasted like it.  UGHHHHH
My appointment was an hour ago....still waiting.  This seems to be the norm here as I waited 90 minutes at my last appointment.   This is highly unacceptable!
The food is great, probably the best I've had in Asian food.  The owner takes great pride in his creations and we love going there.
Mamma Toledo's Pies are not very good. They taste like they are Sugar Free and they are overpriced.\n\nCostco, Village Inn, Safeway, etc. pies are better.
Just ok. This location won't last very long unless they have a ton of neighborhood people that like it???
TD Ameritrade is currently under investigation for negligence by the SEC.\nI would avoid TD Ameritrade at all costs.
Tasty pizza at a reasonable price.  What else could you ask for.   Thin crust with unlimited toppings for the topping freaks like me.
Great Lay ministries. Great Music. Despite vast human needs, spending millions on brick and mortar.  Has lost its way.
I'm not sure who these people are but they drive terrible. I have almost been hit twice by two separate vehicles
Delicious kouign amann! The pastry itself was flaky, buttery and not extremely sweet. Perfect to pair with a cup of coffee or tea.
Found a cricket in my fried rice today... this place should be shut down! \n\nF***ing disgusting!
Los Dos Molinos por vida!
Really good Italian food!  Had a nice lunch on the indoor patio area overlooking the shark tank & pool area.  Got a great view of good & bad asses.
Good eggs.\nGood french toast.\nGood chorizo n' egg scramble.\nGood cinnamon roll.\nGood service.\nGood patio shade.\nGood price.\nGood choice.
Always so good! Love their salads.. eveything is so fresh and beautifully presented for a \"fast\" food place.
This douche sent my grandmother wilted flowers.  Terribly embarrassing.\n\nNever again.
There hasn't been this much failure for a Southern experiment in the North since Pickett decided to slaughter those slave-owning imbeciles from the Confederacy on Cemetery Ridge.
Dont believe  what's worse them or him I'll just keep working sincerely middle class.....
Horrible! Horrible service. Employees are not friendly and food took forever to make and was disgusting. Don't recommend and will not be back.
Ass.\nFood: ass\nWashrooms: always assy gross\nEven their pop...ordered a coke and it tasted like wood. WTF?
Super fun. I started playing a year ago, helped me get in better shape and I met a lot of cool people.
Absolutely love this place. So calm and romantic. Food is great and the owners are very friendly people. First time here was amazing and this times didn't disappoint
Great place to pick up really cheap veg*items. Hours of operation kind of suck though.
Bikram Yoga is heat yoga in a carpet studio. The studio smells like an old gym sock. I wanted to wear shower shoes just to cross the room. ICK!
Love this concept. They rent out small spaces and you can turn it into any type of beautifying area. Nails...hair...lashes...\n\nWe visited sexy lashes today! Its clean, bright and welcoming
Fun! But NO \"Drivers, Woods or Hybrids\" are allowed! Should charge 1\/2 price for 1\/2 service.  ($45 an hr)\nTalking Stick Casino getting hit with golf balls. #buildabiggerfence #badplanning
The Food is super Fresh. The cleanliness is excellent. No complaints from Me about this WingStop.
Do Canadians think Hawaii and Southern California are the same? The decor was a little confused.\n\nSmall portions, my order got messed up, sauces were so-so.
We visited another time recently and once again it was the best experience!!!
Fun time for the entire family. The fair food is great. Love the fried Snickers and Oreos. The rides are fun and they also have musicians performing here.
Simply delicious and the service is top notch! Can't wait to go back and try out the lechon for their Grand Opening this Friday!
Great Buns \n-\n-\n-\n-\n-\n-\n-\nPanera Bread\n-\n-\n-\n-\n-\nWal-Mart bread\n-\n-\nBread at the Circle-K\n\n\nWhy anyone else would buy bread anywhere else is beyond my understanding.
This store offers the ABSOLUTE WORST exchange & return store policy.   I do not recommend spending your money here.   Customer service is very poor.   Shop online if you can!
So fun! Wish we had one in Seattle. It's like bowling but golf. Fun for all ages, company events, parties... Don't expect cheap but I don't mind.
Good place if you want a bunch of drunken goons trying to fight you for looking in their direction.
I've come here a couple times; during each visit   I've received excellent service. This location is clean, efficient and friendly.
this  place is heinous.  the staff are nice but the food is revolting.  avoid at all costs.
Soooo it's Wednesday night. We're standing outside aaaaaaaaaaand it's closed. Your yelp page said you were open. Thanks for wasting our time!
Wonderful company. Amazing owner.  Salt of the Earth.\n\nOne you can trust.  \n\nDon't hesitate.
Complementary musical fountain outside of the hotel Bellagio, spectacular view at both day and night, it's still exciting no matter how many times I saw the fountain performance.
Half priced shakes after 8pm? Uh, yes please. Sweet tooth satisfied!
These guys were absolutely wonderful! Did a great job packing and moving all my stuff. We're super thorough and efficient. Would definitely use them again for my next move!!!
Great place to donate and try and help out those that need plasma!!! Very clean, and all of the staff are very professional.
Entertainment is cool. Especially when it's free!\n\nGet out there early enough so you can get a decent spot for watch the show. \n\nJust ignore the street vendors and enjoy!
Great place.  Turkey rueben and Stowe were both excellent.   Owner was eager to share info about ingredients and clearly takes pride in her shop.
Amazing sandwiches and very unique. The sandwiches are crazy and Delish. I would go here and jimmy johns everyday if my wife would let me.
I never understood the idea of Jews being the chosen people until I discovered Cheskie's. You can taste the favour of God in the babka.
Love this place! Great pizza & wings + outstanding customer service! I really love this place - EVERYTHING is delicious!
game time is now closed for good. somebody didn't pay the rent.
Gorton's in the toaster is better than this vile crap. They charge extra for their bad tartar sauce. Avoid.
This is the worst property management office ever!!!! I recommend that you stay as far away from this company as possible.
This is probably the worst attention I've ever seen from a doctor. Very rude and disorganized. She concentrates on prescribing alot of drugs. I am so disappointed.
Hmmm...\n\nhttp:\/\/www.post-gazette.com\/stories\/local\/neighborhoods-city\/grocery-with-latin-touch-opens-in-beechview-703141\/\n\nSo, it appears that the owners of Las Palmas have essentially taken over the IGA. The Beechview Las Palmas will now close since it is now in effect redundant.
Had a great time at Jockey Club and these guys are the real deal.
I was SO happy we went here for storage! I loved the month to month- the staff was wonderful! I would definitely use them again
Still a cool spot but so understaffed....in my near future I see long waits and confused bartenders...
Now we're talking!  Looks like Anderson is supporting interracial gays!  Welcome to the modern age.
Small and cozy, quick service and good selection of rolls.
Very professional. Finished our house ahead of schedule. Excellent attention to detail. Will definitely use again in the future. Thanks Anthony!!
The food is no better than its counterpart, Denny's. Don't waste your money.
As a Emerald Member my vehicle wasn't ready, had to wait over 30 mins, luxury suv was dirty outside an in and had low gas.
They're not claiming to be a 5-star restaurant, this is straight up bar food.  You want $3 beer and $3 apps go here, QUIT HAYTIN'
a dirty li.ttle hole.had a roach crawl on my hand. Joyce the bartender just laughed
Omg, no shuttles, 30\" wait time, they are out in the middle of no where,  customer service is sooooooo ssssllllloooooowwwwww. Zero stars thx Hotwire!
Still trying to wrap my mind around the $120 oil change I paid for today.
Service was excellent and the food was delicious. We will Def be back soon for recess.
Service is awful, floors are dirty with food still on floor. The omelets cheese is cooked too long, potatoes too overcooked. Tired of screaming babies, have to leave
What more can be said?! Build your own tacos! *Mic drop* haha\nCreamy queso!\nAwesome interior!\nGreat staff!\nClean place!\nGreat store front!\nCool light fixtures!\nGood good.\nTame, but decent salsa. \nCheck it out!
If you like roofies, over served minors and slow servers, this is your bar!
please do not litter out neighborhood with your old spray-painted nasty sneakers for advertisement its gross ! use social media you will get further then littering neigborhoods!
Yummy coffee, friendly service & best of all it's not a Starbuck's!\n(or a Sixbuck's if you will)
I have been eating here for 10+ years... Best burgers in Toronto without a doubt. Fast friendly service from great people who make amazing food.
somebody please delete my review. I am having PC troubles and\nbarely got this explanation typed
This place has cheap quality service, products and food. Ordered tandoori chicken that was dry and bad. Worst indian food I have eaten.
Great massage at an amazing price!
Literally the rudest person I've ever encountered. I would never get anything done here. No wonder no one was there...
Nice place to stay room is a great size for me .\n Could use a bigger refrigerator And wish I had more cooking space
The toys and bones were not for me! I'm a high class hound and deserve the supreme.\nI ain't barkin' around!
Megan did a VERY nice job on our family photos! We highly recommend her. She was VERY timely in getting our prints back to us.
No music, filthy floors especially in bathrooms...quieter than target...tea was old and nasty tasting...big sign saying smile your on camera...I can understand that sign, because this place is depressing...
This place sucks....the food sucks and it smells weird.  A pretty sorry excuse for a sports bar.   \n\n...but what do i know.
OMG!\n\nSOOOOOOOOOOOOOO CHEAP!\n\nSeriously?  $1 for two pieces of salmon nigiri.\nAnd it tastes great?!  YES!\n\nAghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, I want to come here everyday!
Clean store and good location. The shelves are stocked and staff is friendly. The weekly specials are great and deli makes tasty sandwiches.
Not exactly an upscale mall by a long shot.  Service is horrendous and it is crowded and messy, with a poor selection of low grade stores.
Amazing sweet potato fries. Period.
If I lived any closer, I would be 500 pounds. \n\nIs it weird to get five slices of pie at one time? because that definitely went down.
Are you kidding?  Tired facilities, zombie-like clientele, weird odors, generally depressing atmosphere.  A tragic throwback.
Awesome furniture, nice people. Thank you for making our house a home.
I have never used their services but they tailgated me as I drove the limit through my son's school zone and then flipped me off as they passed me......
I ordered the drunken noodles with 7 out of 10 on  spicy scale. It didn't disappoint me. Like the speedy service.
Polite, professionalism and great service. Replacement product for shower broke and the company came out at no cost to replace the part in a timely matter. Highly recommended!
Line can get long but it moves quickly. Any blizzard with chocolate is delicious. The cherry dipped cones are also tasty. Staff is friendly here.
Insanely beautiful wait staff serving insanely adequate but not too overwhelming food.\n\nSeriously though, the girl working the bar had the entire restaurant staring. Good job in the hiring dept.
Their ranch is horrible, who puts dill in Ranch?! Totally ruins the whole wing experience.
Nice concept and all but the food is horrible.  Not that its not healthy, its BLUNT. If its not healthy anymore it might as well taste good, right?
Favorite sushi spot in chandler! Could use some better lunch specials tho!! Maybe a Poke salad like RA... Just sayin
I enjoyed the food and healthy food options. Atmosphere is a little different but it was cool
Customer service is top notch. Never had a bad experience here. Even when it's lunch time they do a great job of moving the crowd. No complaints here.
Eh, not much to say. Helpful employees, SHIT service (AT&T). Thank fuck for Sprint, jussayin'.
They say the plant in their office can be molested, but when I went to molest it I got reprimanded.
I got sick after lunch, I don't think I will ever step foot into this place.\n\n\nGood luck
If this parking garage were a person, I'd ask them out on a date just so I could find out where they live and burn their house down.
Came here at 10:30 pm and they were closed. Site says 11:00 pm. Someone is simply not doing their job. I'm saddened.
I love the original island flavor but having this one on the east side is definitely worth it. Try their katsu it's Ono!!
Place is open 24\/7 and has healthy options. Service is great, employees are efficient and keep their spot clean. Food and coffee are great, too.
Great place for trailer trash,tweakers and cheap drinks. Dont come after dark.
This place sums up America pretty well. I didn't even eat and I threw up. The chili smelled like death and hot breath.
My mom didn't like creap.  the sandwitch so so. and definatey noodles  just gross, what the dessert was ok. Clens Brule. I had a stoke..
The owners are crazy, lunatics, and Amy's a pre Madonna.  They rob the employees of tips, why would anyone support these greedy, neurotic creeps?
food = good\nservice = nonexistent\nliterally did not see our waitress\nstill trying to flag someone down so we can pay and leave haha
Beeeeer!  I don't remember this place.  I guess mission accomplished.
The pizza wasn't very warm when it arrived (they didn't use the warming bag at time of delivery) and the order was wrong, but the pizza tasted good.
Apparently the \"Soup Nazi\" from Seinfeld has a brother that cuts hair. But he knows his stuff.
I absolutely HATED mellow mushroom. Horrible service. The food was okay but way over priced. Management was a joke. I'll never be back. Peace mellow, you really do suck.
Super delicious, large portions (one sandwch can feed you the whole day hahaha) and very nice staff. I had the turkey-bacon-avocado and it made my day better! A+
The service is ridiculously BAD\na kind of bad u rarely encounter.\n\nRealllllly bad.\n\nIgnore u bad.\nF U bad...
General tsao's chicken for take-out lunch broke the plastic fork I was using.  I probably caught them on an off-day.
Pretty standard branch. Bank reps are helpful and get you going. Drive-thru option is key for me to stop by. Great location.
Customer service is not the Best! The cashier seemed to not know what was on the menu and how to ring up what was!! Smh
This place is right next door to a Target, what else do you need! Beautiful views of the superstition mountains, pool, and everything is brand-new!
The owner of this place is very unprofessional, this doesn't seem like a legitimate company. After I called and asked for ammo, he continued to harass via text message.
the best gun shop ever....nuff said
Immaculate salon, very meticulous service, reasonable prices, and every color of nail polish under the sun! Love this place!
This place is not good place live! it is awful and everyone is rude and disrespectful. awful maintence crew and the grounds are not kept up.
God, it's so shockingly ugly inside here.  We both agreed it looked like a funeral parlor.  \n\nThe eggs were ok.
My mom and I have eaten here at least six times, the food has always been good, service consistent and the deserts out of this world!!!!!!!!
Typical CSN bs. I really hate this \"college\"\n\nHowever, the campus on Nellis is really nice, and it's limited and 8  weeks per course is really great.
Very poor customer service there staff has an attitude I won't ever step foot in their store again because of the amount of disrespect they gave me!
Is a clean toilet seat too much to ask? How about working lighting fixtures? Carpets without crusty white stains? Just shy of $100 a night? Really?
Absolutely disgusting!  Would never go back, food terrible, service rude, can't imagine there are enough tourists to keep this place open for much longer.  Stay far far away!!
Jason is ALWAYS completely creative, and awesome! \nBiker bar meets executive chef? And fabulous food of course :)
Need office supplies.\n\nThey have it.\n\nI pay.\n\nShort lines, quick service.\n\n3 Stars.
I'm going to give this place 5 stars only because I feel bad I kinda threw up on their floor... \n\nI'm really sorry, Jimmy. I was really trashed!!
Your basic greasy spoon breakfast served with heaping helpings of Fox News and conservative rage.
Great food good for takeout during the week only. Slow and very incompetent hostess and customer engagement. Do NOT go for brunch on a Sunday.
Chili dog okay. Should be a warning not to take your little ones there. People at the next table deep throating a fake penis. Not good
This place rocks. Half price wings on Tuesday. Quisadilla and club sandwich with home cut fries...yum. Server was attentive and lived the atmosphere.
Smells like urine. Dark and dank. Lots of skid row types down on their luck. Good place to visit before committing suicide. Should rename it Black Swan Dive.
Couldn't see much of the strip due to a blocked view from advertising billboards plastered all over bus windows\nHope the bus driver couldn't see more than I could
the truth to Savation! holla at me for bible study schedule haha
best coffee in ontario...........
The room was spinning.\nThe alcohol was inducing sleep.  \nThe row ahead had big loud heads.\n\nStill FIVE stars.
My co-worker stayed here last week for a convention.  He doesn't have a Yelp account, so asked me to post on his behalf.  \n\nHis review:\n\nfucking shithole.
It's just like any other petco. What makes it 5 star material? \n\nThank you for NOT playing \"holiday\" music. That's why.
Take your money and go east to Magoo's where the price is about the same, but the burger is far superior.
Love this place! We did the shoot for our morning show there and got the coolest shots-mostly because of the museum background, not us radio faces haha
Awesome outlet mall in Arizona..its indoor too so that makes it better!\n\nThey have so many stores, food choices, the Lego store and even an aquarium. So much to do!
Order a fresh meatball ricotta pizza, and then thank me for changing your life in a positive way.
My son was \"tongue tied\" and needed a Frenulectomy.\n\nIt was pretty minor. BUt I was scared. \n\nIt was so quick!
Nobody around in service phone just rings then call back and they forward the call to service and it just rings , ask for manager I get vovice mail
Not fresh . Albacore was frozen . Fish taste very fishy . Prices r high for poor quality. I won't be back
The new waitress is super rude!!!! She reminds me the \"Nazi soup\" guy in Jerry Seinfeld show!!!
Food: Delicious\nChips: Pleasing\nService: Leaves much to be desired\nMargaritas: Not good\n\nIf you like spicy food and you aren't white, this is a good spot.
Basically, if you don't need a fake ID to get in\/aren't interested in pedophilia ... don't bother.
edited
From the common to the obscure. If you are a fan of Vinyl records this place is for you. Don't be afraid of the cats they are quite friendly.
We're over .500 so far this year!  Whoo-hoo!  We're actually mediocre!  And for once the Cubs are keeping us out of last place instead of the other way around!
Not open till 11. Drive from the other side of town to get some salsa at 10pm and they were closed. Waste of time.
WOW WOW WOW. Spicy Pulled Pork Sandwich. You will thank me. They don't skeet on how much meat you get either!!
Just sat here and watch the Dj dude cook 6 pizzas and  not wash his hands without gloves.  Sick pig...
Great effective and personable dental care.      Dr. Carlos and all staff really care for patients.
The place is a dump.  The service is frequently spotty.  The food is STELLAR!
Do yourself a favor and defrost a pizza at home. It's the same thing.
Solid, but not life changing. Good quality, but probably not worth the six\/seven bucks. Short lines when it's not drink-o-clock.
Arizona's Premiere Christian University! This is great place to work and go to school. Go Lopes!
Good people, good vibes, sneakers, hype clothes & a crazy screaming Chinese guy. What else could be better?\nHighly recommend.
Sammi is the best!!  \nWe love her gentle handling techniques and her salon environment.\nThank you so much :)
Formerly Lady Luck ehh this place was ok music was loud, for me i probably won't be visiting anytime soon only if i get free rooms then maybe lol
Tried to go here twice. Both times closed. Won't waste my time anymore. They don't wanna keep a regular schedule they don't need my $
You lost our customs papers.\nYou deemed our plane \"unservicable.\"\nYou sat us in a wing with no food or beverage and minimal heat.\nYou wasted nearly 5 hours of my life.\nThanks.
Beautiful restaurant in a strip mall. Very friendly.  Excellent pizza!  We will be back to try the rest of the menu!
1. No hot water in the middle of winter.\n2. Broken elevators ALL the time.\n3. Crappy customer service. \n\nIf I were you, I'd look else where.
How does an establishment not have any sugar or sugar substitute when serving non sweetened ice tea?  Then they look at me like I'm an A hole for asking
Dirty ecoli infected river. Lots of wholesome profanity for the kids. Documented deaths from cliff jumping. Like swimming in a septic tank. Stick with pools.
BE AWARE. There was literally a dead roach in my biryani. Beyond nasty. I would never recommend this place to my worst enemy after such an experience.
Taco Bell is good. \n\nCheap\nQuick\nFriendly\n\nMary the older lady here might be the coolest person ever working in fast food. She is one cool lady.
I live this place, the bar tender joey, is a real ppl person, great specials and laid back type place
Legit lattes here... l'm a coffee fanatic and royal gets it right.\n\nMy favorite is the house special latte with honey cinnamon and vanilla- the afternoon delight!!
tang!na dats goooood!!!
Foods were delicious! coming back fo sho!
It's Six Flag's little sister!\n\n;D\n\nStill some fun,\ngets boring after a while.
I don't recommend. Don't waste your time. Food is not fresh. Read reviews on other sites.
This is the best ramen in Madison. The service is super awesome, especially the dude Leo, who served me super well!! Thank you man!
Don't buy anything from here... They are way overpriced on all their products. $1 install my ass.... after they add unnecessary fees and parts. The install is like $75.
No seriously. This is not sushi, this is some sort of Montreal fusion sushi-lookalike.
Literal best fries in the US. Try them with vinegar! A PA favorite!
Love the drinks! Bartender was awesome! Wish they were slightly less expensive... could've bought a great pair of shoes! The dirty, salty, sweet & savory is AMAZING!
Worst Cane's in the Valley. \nConstantly serving soggy ass fries. And they ALWAYS forget my extra sauce!
Tank topped hipsters. \n\nBeer. Deli sandwiches. Vegan\/vegetarian food. Jesus action figures. \n\nApathetic and mediocre. A familiar old friend.
Nothing special at all, bummer. If you check-in you get free chips and salsa -- don't most Mexican restaurants give those free? Everything was just ok.
Phenomenal ! ! ! :)\n\nIt's already been said great people great cupcakes and great prices!!\n\nPay them a visit you won't regret it.
The Culver's double deluxe Butterburger . Do I have to say anymore? The only reason I don't give Culver's  5 stars is because the amount of calories lol
Agree with the others horrible customer service went to visit their showroom and they acted like we were bothering them!
If you play guitar, go here.\n\nLess wanker type customers than L&M or Steve's.
Not good didn't like. The pork  belly was cold and unappetizing. Would not be back. Hard pass!!
The food was sub par (I liked it more than my friends) but the experience was legendary. Bring extra cash.
Awesome selection.  You can find stuff that they stopped making after the Carter administration.  Super cheap too.
Great lighting, dance floor and view of the pool. 15 minutes after we entered, I was bored and headed straight to the poker room.\n\nDouchebags aren't my cup of tea.
This place is horrible. The food is mediocre at best, and the atmosphere is miserable. Let's not even get started with the old-timer running the place.
He may be a 5-star plumber, but if he can't be bothered to return phone calls, that's a 1-star business in my book.
Best show on earth as far as the basketball program is concerned, we really enjoy the whole process.
Fun , Chill Spot ,Free Drinks ,Hot Women and a Chance to Test your Skills .
I have rented with them for over a year I find the company to be fair and any maintenance problems we have had they have fixed promptly
They are really rude here if you are not of their ethnicity. They do not sell food anymore due to god knows what. Will never go there again
One Word: \"Pathetic!\"\n\nWhat You'll Love:\n\n- Driving past it cursing them out your window on your way to AutoZone
Sketchy Doggie day care. I would advise to look somewhere else if you are looking for your dog to be watched and not involved in negative behavioral socialization.
OK, I've also tried the pepperoni rolls and the burnt almond cake. Holy shit, this place keeps getting better and better.
Burgers are boring and you're forced to wear a gown in balls heat, mThis place can suck it!!!! I'd rather eat at Burger King. F yobb Smith
Older style amc with the no assigned seating.\nThe staff was friendly.  There concession stand was extremely slow, maybe they didn't expect a crowd
O. \n\nM.\n\nG. \n\nI'm moving to Vegas! :D
This guy Jeff... Crazy quick... No b.s. ....put my garage back together lightning fast for a great price... Would call him back if needed instantly.
This is not the restaurant the website or menu links to. This restaurant is in Coraopolis, where as the restaurant linked to is in Cannonsburgh.
They were open last Saturday when I needed an emergency rental...Enterprise wasn't. Received friendly and sympathetic service. Thanks guys!
Very, very fast service.\n\nVery clean restrooms.\n\nExcellent beverage prices.\n\nDelicious grab and go sandwiches, good prices.\n\nGood prices on gasoline.
I'm not sure why this is listed a vegetarian. Just because it is a salad themed restaurant doesn't mean it is vegetarian.
My grandma would always take me here as a kid\nsuch great memories full of love and icecream
I actually flew to Calgary from Los Angeles to eat here. \n\nAlways amazing
This place is physically amazing; however, Stephanie in customer service is awful.  She is rude and does not care about taking care of her tenants or their guests.
Stay away there sushi is the worst ever they fool you with their prices frozen food not good
This was very disappointing. Another low quality restaurant trolling unknowing travelers on I77. You would be better off at McDonalds.
Close to the crib.  They have beer and liquor and chitlins.  Kinda hoodrat and I like that.
Dr Eric Zeidman and his MA Cammie are tops.  The front desk, especially John are fine...sometimes a bit rushed when all docs are in house.  Parking is abysmal.
Overpriced ...sorry guys you did good but double the cost of what I have spent in the past for the same move ..even with the Yelp deal way overpriced..
Best Tibetan food I have had so far in North America. I am gonna miss their food:( try once and you will be hook by their food and services...
The bathroom was very nice. \nOtherwise, overpriced drinks with lots of ice and little alcohol. Not a place to hit up.. Definitely a \"must miss.\"
Worst BQ ever! BQ tips were 1\/2 grissel. Meat was so tough it was like leather. The BQ was totally full off grissel. terrible !\nI would not recommend it.
Super clean rest stop on Ohio Turnpike but dysfunctional Burger King.  Ten minutes to get a chicken sandwich that's not fast food.
This place is off the chain.  The white fish sucks but the catfish and shrimp taste like Jesus himself broke off the pieces and deep fried them.
The food sucks. Place smells like a garbage disposal. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.
Smells like old people. Slow service, wings are decent but mostly fried food. More about attraction than food.\nDon't bring kids after 8 pm. Over priced for bar\/fry food
Mustachio'd man serves up the best goddamn Arab street eats. \n\nGarlic Sawse. Enough said.
Horrible service.\nCashier - attitude\nServer - lazy \nCooks \"seafood section\" - talking in a foreign language about u. \n\nI wouldn't come here on a holiday weekend that's for sure.
This is what's sad about Charlotte. A chain restaurant with frozen pizza dough and sauce out of a can is voted the 3rd best restaurant in town?
i have no heat until Wednesday. Owner is not willing to do anything about it. Enough said.
Wasting away again in Margaritaville. Some people say that there's a woman to blame, but I know. ...It's my own damn fault.  Great margaritas what more can you say.
Service is nonexistent. Prices are good for meats, and produce, everything else is super expensive. And this is how they write Happy Birthday on a cake.
A really great school district. Makes the previous school district that my kids attended look like a sick joke.
UPDATE:  Came back again for EDC Weekend.  It's still whack LOL.
Been coming here for years. Across from the community college. Tacos are extremely tasty and very reasonably priced.
This place sucks. Ordered a grilled cheese and they didn't even butter the toast. Worst part was he cut it into rectangles instead of triangles...Gadamnn
Over glorified Panda Express.\n\nNothing great, nothing lacking. I've had better other places.\n\nGood if you enjoy chinese food but have a phobia of chinese people.
wow so good here, don't know if i can ever eat anywhere else! so tasty! very clean inside and good neighborhood!
I gave them a chance twice but the pizza just didn't make me sing.\n\nThen again, like sex, when pizza is bad, its still pretty freekin good!
It's the sorry ass place on Fremont street.  They won't let drunks in...its Vegas!!!! What are you suppose to be!!!! It VEGAS!!!
-overrated\n-pretentious \n-bottle service was a rip off and service was rude \n-booths were undersize \n-line up for no reason\n-save your money and go somewhere else
Great lunch, cool inside homey restaurant. Nice bar.  Great staff under pressure.  simple but delicious burger and fries with tasty heirloom tomato salad.
Wanna fit in this GYM? Wear the douchie combination of tattoos and a pair of Beats headphones.
This place has been so much better since Haunah S has stopped coming. Best bartenders ever.
Great food, quick service and reasonably priced.   Love the bacon guacamole    The Vietnamese noodle salad is the bomb.    Yum- mee
They don t use gloves. Gross \n\nTheir fingers cross contaminate all toppings .\n\nI'm going to Taco Bell, they use gloves
39.95 for adults.\n19.95 for kids older than 2 years old.\nRides are extra.\n\nParking is scarce. Arrive early.
It wasn't the best, it wasn't the worst. \n\nWalked-in for a pedicure.  Was taken in immediately.  It wasn't too expensive.  However, I've definitely had better pedicures.
Food poisoning!! My husband and I got sick after eating the Adonis humus and babaganoush. What a horrible experience, we will never be back!
Cool place. Counter girl Cassie has a strange tone. Wifi is horrible.\n\nThe owner Curtis really cares. The food isn't anything amazing but the culture is really nice and friendly.
Jaime bien se restaurant italien \nLa nourriture et très bonne \nLe servi très bien aussi \n\nJe vous recommande en entrée les calmars frit et en plat le poulet marsala
The owner prevented me to refill my drinks more than 3 times, which was absurd.\n\nAnd their steak filling tasted stale, pretty disgusting.
Enjoyed the chocolate silk pie.  It's tasty and rich.  I'm looking forward to trying some others.
So if you want to be one of those floating blobs from Wall-E, this place is for you!  If you want to retain some semblance of sentience, stay away.
Prices are doubled from usual sushi places. I remember when this place was Yamasaki. Buffet all you can eat and reasonable a la cart option .\nSo sad.
Open a checking account and chase will give you $150.00 after your first direct deposit ..
This place is sketch! Ghetto ass people always hanging out around here. Everytime I get gas here at nice I feel like I have to watch my back.
It's exactly like every other Barnes and Noble I've ever been to, exactly.
$5 movies on Tuesdays. \nAnd a FULL BAR inside the theatres!\n\nMakes watching boring movies, like BattleShit worth watching :p\n\nWaitresses\/waiters even walk u and ur drinks to ur theatres.
What a cool event, and the hosts and vendors were so nice. Wish this was a weekly vs monthly event. The food was sooooooo good!
Feb 20, Fairmont Scottsdale Princess.\n\nHell.\n\nHades.\n\nThe netherworld.
Needs a health department visit\nBoth my wife and i got horrible stomach cramps and subsequent bathroom visits after eating the terriyaki beef\nI have seen cleaner bathrooms at truck stops
Very pricy. $3 for a single cupcake. Almost $2 per macaron. However, their fruity pebbles macaron is absolutely delicious. The cookies 'n' cream cupcake was OK.
So hate the customer experience. Stay out of my business.  Way to in your face. Ok coffee, just makes me not want to go back.
forget the food...it only takes up valuable space.\ngo there to drink coconut margaritas and drink plenty...they are fantastic!
Well seasoned and abundant Tex-Mex conveniently located in the tony MGM Grand Food Court.\n\nA plethora of choices but not overkill. Service was fast. Great toppings selection.
Slightly better than Harvey's for double the price. They only take cash.  Apache burger was good. Onion rings are chewy.
The ladies room has a vending machine with sexual practical jokes in it for $0.75 which are not worth the price.
killer spot with amazing coffee and service. \n\nsays a lot when a place with shorter hours can last successfully in a sea of starbucks!
The desserts are to die for. The pizza isn't the best I've ever had, but it was decent, but the Key Lime Pie...perfecto!
Worst fish and chips I've EVER had.\nThe fish was tough because it was over fried and the breading was sliding. The chips (french fries) were cold and tough...NEVER AGAIN.
We order from here every Friday. Excellent old world style, authentic Italian style food.
D-rab\nI-nsipid\nS-tale\nG-reasy\nU-ndercooked\nS-oggy\nT-asteless\nI-nedible\nN-oxious\nG-arbage\n\nService was OK, but there is nothing there!
Food is pretty solid, however, the grumpiest girl alive works the counter... I recommend the Mediterranean Chicken, but do not look into her eyes when you order.
No one should even think about going here, just trust me. I dont need to explain why.
I danced on a pole and now my friends have incriminating pictures of me.\n\nOther than that, beeeeautiful venu and fun fun times.
This indian food was TERRIBLE. The sauce had no flavour or kick to it at all
Wow, the Salvation Army... should I even review this? What the heck?!\n\nDrop off your old stuff.\nBuy other people's old stuff...CHEAP.\nMaybe find a velvet Elvis painting.\n\nSCORE
If you like fascism, misogyny and religious fanaticism with your coffee, this is the place for you!
Its fine during the day but at night its like the hills have eyes people come out.
A Wonderful little Bistro near the Movie Theatres serving Great Pasta and deeelicious pastries.\nAnd And And, The most beautiful Chef in Scottsdale!
Incredible schnitzel and absolutely delicious smoked salmon. I love the mix between a grocery store and restaurant. \n\nworth Czech-ing out ;)
Came by and definitely the place to come if you do Landscape photography very knowledgeable in photography and printing
getting better, but carts are still dirty and even though they have great organics.....I still shop primarily at WF's
Great service, very professional. I ordered a honey massage and I loved it. It was amazing and very relaxing. I highly recommend it!
This park is great! It has swings, playground, and basketball court. The best thing of all is that it has 5 POKESTOPS!!!!
If you're Zack and Kelly, you'll love this place. If you're Jose and Maria, no les va gustar, sigan buscando.
Rien d'extraordinaire ici, mais le personnel était courtois et de bons conseils !\n\nSi j'y retourne ? Pour un 5@7, pourquoi pas !
It is inside the beautiful new Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino. That's all I'll tell you. The rest is a fun adventure-ride through outer space.
Place brings too many transients hanging around inside and out, no one asks them to leave. They hang out in test rooms.
Ate lunch here the other day, and was very impressed.  Tons of great food, unique atmosphere, over the top service.  Would definitely recommend.
Must try the Captain Jerk burger and the Burgernator fries!
They were overpriced compared to what I'm used to paying in town.  They would also not take my credit card unless I gave them my address.
Got high, zoned out, bobbed head to the music that was playing. Flock of seagulls, Okay...\n\nLeft and would highly reccomend this place.
The guys at the door have a stick up their ass.  8 cute girls? wait in line? oh- hell no, we had a better time at Pure.
$19 for a mediocre martini!! Wow.\n\nNo need for the bathroom attendant.\n\nCould use a few more bartenders.
How can they pack so many calories into such tiny sandwiches?\n\nGod, I love bread.
Good job on a boot repair. Fast and did not hesitate. Many repair shops would not repair this because its not a guaranteed fix. Good work! they are fixed
Are you hungry, alittle drunk,  live in west park and its past midnight.  Well this is the place to be. Alittle pricey but atleast good portions.
Typical 7-11, they got your sodas, your beers, your munchies, your cigarettes, and anything else you'd need to cure that hang over!
Do yourself a favor and just go to XS... \n\nThe 2 star review says it all...
This is my new favorite Mexican restaurant.\n\nTry the blanco enchiladas with spinach, chicken, AND mushrooms.  You won't regret it.
Customs takes forever but all in all the place is pretty organized. I do wish that process went a little faster but I understand the whole \"international security\" thing.
They need a new receptionist. Man at the desk was incredibly rude with an air of superiority. Leave the attitude at home. Pedi was ok but won't be back.
Far from exciting - very average restaurant\/bar, very predictable - Kind of like if Olive Garden had opened a national bar chain... \n\nHey, does Olive Garden own this place???
Haha...just got a call from Lifetime asking me if I want to reactivate my membership with their \"special\" offer...um, NO, thank you!
Crowd was....lets say different. I felt like i was at an after party for a soccer game, and the game was Mexico vs. Mexico
The mexi-ameri-menu you expect.\nNot really anything especially bad or especially nice to say.\nChips warm and fresh, but salsa was kind of \"jar-of picante-like\" bleh.\nLarge portion. Great coupon.
Nick is great barber and his staff is very friendly. Since Nick is from NYC he can cut any hair type.
not bad. tiramisu is not really the classic way though. Pizzas are good, size is enough for one person
HORRIBLE !!!!\nHad stomach virus from this place two times !!!! Do not order or go !!!!\nDIRTY !!!
Great store! Employees are super helpful. I always find what i need here!! Good location right off the 101 freeway.
Yummy! The hot and sour soup is the best I've ever had. The shrimp fried rice with tofu added was amazing. Delicious. We will be back!!
They have great bands that play here , but its too small of a venue to hear music.
Small office, line up to the door but they're well staffed and speedy (12 minutes from the door to the counter Tues 2pm). Helpful and friendly staff.
Full bar, small but intimate. Nice furniture and good place to people watch. \n\nDrinks are very reasonable price. Very relaxing, great place just to hang out.
Best brunch place in town. Great food, amazing good. Breakfast nachos, hangover sandwich, and banana nut bread French Toast are all on point. Highly recommend.
Great price for clean facilities and quality equipment.  Hoping to implement more healthy choices this year.  Come and join, you never regret working out!
This place is amazing, the bartender Sam made me a drink called God's angry dick. It was like sipping cum from the almighty. \n\nGlory be to the highest.
Have everything you'd want for your golf game.  4 stars because they don't have a great selection of used clubs
Pinnacle At Towne Center raised rent $200 per month our second year living in the complex.
I enjoy a lot about this local brewery & eatery., however they substantially raised the prices on their food items. $13 - $15 for a burger is not favorable.
Loyal customer from the East Coast for years. Excellent food. Pizza is always awesome.
Easily the best nail place in the area! They are professional, nice and do great work.
Emily our bartender and server was the best, food was also delicious, I highly recommend it!!
Generous servings. I had the chicken and beef teriyaki with noodles, which was really good. The service was fast and friendly. Would come back again if in the area.
As far as mounts go, this one is pretty good. Definitely in my top 4 or 5 mounts of all time.
Cheap, good, quick, friendly.... \n\nTry the Smoked Chipotle Tobasco on the burrito!
These are the best pies ever! \n\nThey are now requested for family functions and holidays in California. Marie Calendars is dead to us.
Dropping a star due to all the BS rules they have recently added to the wing specials...stop in and you will see.  Eat before ya go..trust me..
Great products. Owner is nice. Staff is ok..... If you can get them to acknowledge your presence.
If you love overpriced burgers aimed at a clientele that feels overpaying is a symbol of status then you've found your jawn.
I didn't know what all the fuss was about until I joined..... Now I'm totally all-in with this cult....
Employees are friendly and efficient. Full menu is available and donuts are made in house. Coffee selection is wide and arguably better than Starbucks.
Love shopping in the retail store. Staff is friendly & their selection on clothes & toys are great :)
Cheap but not great food. I like the all you can drink beer though. The waitress was a weirdo.
BEST SHOW EVER! :] i will definitely watch this again when i go back to vegas!  They're soo funny and talented, I never wanted this show to end!!
If you like low to mid range trashy girls than you will like this place.  Go to Scottsdale and experience those strip clubs.
Don't come here and sit on the bar side expecting good service for dining. Waitress tonight has the friendliness and patience of an I'll tempered badger.
All this hype and I was not  impressed. I have made my own burgers that taste just as good if not better.
Ahh Sun City: population who cares...the place you live to die.  This food is for the dying soul.  so if you're ready to go....itadakimasu! (japanese for bon appetite)
If you don't know about this place then STOP what you are doing right now and go get one of their sandwiches.  It's cheap and good.  That's it!  Enjoy!
Whoo~Hoo!  Selection: Check.  Inventory: Check.  Informative Staff: Check.  Under-cut Prices: Check.  HTF Bottles: Check.  \n\nThis is my new candy store - yesssssssssssssssssssssssss
Did you see the pic of the burnt bread? No thank you. You know they saw that...
For a new shop, quite a decent selection.  Great prices, great customer service. Definitely will return.\n\nCoolest hooka vapers to try juice line
Good store. The location is great and the staff is friendly. Good array of products and they at times have a Hershey bar mascot to take free pictures with.
Have fun at this local bar on dart night or just hanging out. Jessica makes a great drink
Absolutely horrid. \nUber thin burger that tastes like liver with plastic cheese topping.\n\nFrench fries were ok, but small on portion.
Worst McDonalds In the world, probably not.\nBut I will give them an A+ for trying to be worst.
Fox \"news\" on the t.v. loudly. Manager unwilling to change the channel or even turn down the volume. Sad. Won't be back.
Still four stars. Earlier, I said there was a (semi) good football team here in Charlotte. I would like to amend that statement & issue an apology for misinformation.
I ate their food and couldn't wait to drink water to wash the taste away. If that doesn't say it all, then I'm at a loss for words.
Yuck. Actual hamburger was paper thin.  Chili was very greasy. Customer service was great. But I I'll stick to in-n-out.
Mediocre fried rice had zero salt was tasteless general tso sauce is good but the chicken had too much batter and not enough chicken tasted rubbery.
Crime (not a typo) brûlée took 30 minutes and I get this....see pic with lemon wedge next to it. Small...so small...two teaspoonfuls. Ugh. Terrible.
What do you mean you never danced in a pool?
Had a fabulous time . the stunts were awesome. Involved the audiance. The music was original. Love to go again.
Overpriced greasy food. When it first opened it was ok. How much does cornmeal cost? Poor quality. And why are there no vegetable sides?
Potential bad news.....the phone number is \"temporarily disconnected\", and the web-site doesn't work.  Uh-oh.......
Games are always fun, but the food here at this location was a total and complete let down. How is this a mountain of nachos?
Fuk the Asian\/Hawaiian guestlist guy with the beard
Disappointed.   Looking for tumeric root.  Had it but all was moldy.  And the place smells ptetty bad.
Stan was extremely helpful and quite enjoyable to talk to so I will definitely go again when projects call for great tile specification!
Such cool vibes here.  Plus: huge plus that they had this delicious rosé-cider hybrid. So good I still dream about it!
All right food.\n\nAte here because it was near work. All they had were pork selections. I wanted chicken. \n\nPancit was decent, but next time all just go parents house.
it was 6pm, and i was drunk.\n\nour server kalvin was pretty cute. too bad he had \"susan\" tatted on his wrist.
Dude, the Mexican Apple Pie...  Holy crap...  they get 5 stars just for that.
I had to remove my thoughts on Cream.  If you are interested in why I am disgusted with this place and will never go back you can email me.
Now only open by appointment. I as very disappointed to drive across town only to find the closed sign on the door. Yelp need to be updated!
Not a big fan of the Bucks. Overpriced, trendy froo-froo drinks made with bitter coffee. \n\nDutch Bros is my new favorite.
Decent food for a bar.  Very small place so you have no choice but to listen to the idiots at the bar.  Service was OK.
Worth Ramen restaurant. NEVER eat there again. instant noodles tastes better than the garbage they made.
In general, CHT has been very good to me. Clean building, and maintenance comes the same day I call, often within 45 minutes.
Stopped here to get a new Battleship game for vacation later this summer. Better price than Target or Amazon! Kids working the checkout counter were friendly enough.
Found them through just-eat.ca\n\nAwesome food, delivery on-time.\n\nLame delivery driver asked for his tip.
don't eat her\n\nunless you want to get sick\n\nthis place has really gone down hill
Great instructors, specially Jed. \nGood location, very convenient. \nNice staff. \nI recommend it.
Had a wonderful experience at this location tonight. Family owned friendly place with fresh great sandwiches!! Highly recommended!
Ripoff sign a contract and you never hear from them at all. They rip people off and do not help older workers, they Discriminate.
Totally didn't come to rhis place, wrote a review thinking it was another place, not sure how to delete it.
4 hours for breaks??????? $700 later with a coupon??? I should have come in with a mustache and baseball cap.
Their matcha lattes are really good and you must try their decadent cookies! Probably the best I've ever had :)
Tried to sell me on spending over $700 on tests that were not needed at all. Never going back. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.
Always a hot fresh meal of Southwest flavors and hospitality.  Love this place.\n\nYou need to give yourself a meal here. You will thank yourself later.
Disappointing. Quality of the food has been going downhill. Haven't been there in months.\n\nNeed. Chinese. Food.\n\nCome on, Goldstone! You made me look stupid on Yelp!
This school sucks. The dress code is ridiculous. The cheerleaders uniforms are the slutties thing I have ever seen.
Great club over the years but new guy at the front is a dick and won't let anyone in. Even with VIP and bottle service we payed for.
Delicious.  \n\nBut don't go because I don't want you clogging up the store, creating a long line and possibly taking the last of my favorite pastry.
Ewwwww they have lots of gidgety gadgets for i-phones my husband squealed with delight ....isn't that enough??
Been a loyal customer for months and you can't beat the service and speed . easy in and out and feel soooo much better . my weekly stop
Delicious dropa khatsa (fried and steamed), order prakaha khatsa (dry chilli pork) and jasha katsa (chilli chicken in gravy).
I brought my daughter here for her 21st birthday.  All I can say is pay extra for the front row seats, it will be worth the money!!
Attractive pricing and good location but will not tolerate the awful, rude and condescending receptionist... too many other options out there!
People here are too eager to *just watch*. Not a lot of swingers here. Just exhibitionists.
By far the best club in Vegas. Opulent, pulsing, and sinful. It's an experience that garners the phrase, \"What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.\"
I had the hummus and pizza.  All I can say is season stuff and start to cook the pizzas.  Very pricey and not worth a repeat visit
bad food. full of fat and weird dishes. went a few times. 1 salad is edible, the rest I wouldn't give to an animal to eat.
I came here for the red'd out decor. By any definition, fucking haute. I had the Mahi Mahi tacos. They didn't taste like Mahi Mahi tacos.
Tastes amazing.  That's why I don't understand why they feel the need to put rubber bands in their burritos.
I really enjoyed this place. Ive had many Detroit coneys and this place took me back there.
Great place for meetings in their conference rooms and the also serve hamburgers, grill cheese at a cafe that goes through evenings in the adjoining building!
I have a gluten allergy and their staff is so knowledgeable and attentive to my diet.  Love this place.  the spicy chicken is to die for.  highly recommend
I went there last night with my wife. I ordered a Filet medium and it taste real bad. To soft and no taste. Never recommend that.
Stephanie is amazing and goes on and above foer every owner!  Stephanie ALWAYS puts owners as a priority!
Really bad customer service. I cannot believe how rude the person on the phone was when I attempted to place an order.  Unbelievable to say the least.
This is a great local grocery store. I go by it frequently. It has reasonable prices as well as weekly specials. Pretty comparable to other Safeway stores.
Good food but just way way too expensive for breakfast. 1 breakfast and 1 child breakfast with drink and 1 iced tea, $28! Plus tip.
This place is completely overrated.  The food is mediocre at best and that's if you get something that doesn't taste freezer-burned.  Don't waste your time or money here.
I said it would happen. Glad to hear they are closed. Do yourself and all of us another favor guedo, retire from the food business.
Just about the coolest bar I've ever been to. Very cool. Service was great also
Best value in Vegas! We come here every time we visit Vegas atleast three-four times a year. It is always the highlight of our trip.
New and big. Lots of selection and lots of clearance racks. Never had an issue with finding my size. And staff is always friendly and helpful.
Waiter couldn't understand my english. Gave me cold water even after I asked for lukewarm water. Terrible experience, won't be going again.
I had the Philly Cheesesteak with the onions and peppers topped with a little cheese. I will be back to try some other menu items.
It was ok\n\nNothing to exciting \n\nThat is it \n\nI was hungry and filled the void \n\nThanks
I drove 45mins because i had a craving for chicken balls and this place did not disappoint!! Best chicken balls ive ever had!! I definitely will be back!!
Yummyyummy escargot swordfish special chicken parm fresh pasta. ..garlic butter strong olive oil. ..good and good for you.
Their delicious salted pretzel bagels rule my life. One really should not be a slave to such a thing, but I am. Oh how I am.
Keep a lineup outside on a dead Monday night just because... I decided I'd rather go home and play music on YouTube.\nPass on this one.
I've been here too many times that I feel that the only reason I will manage to obtain my degree was thanks to Dutch Bros. Bless this place.
I can back up Kendra's statement about the menus as well. We had to wait ten minutes for a menu because there were non available.
The bar offers strongbow on tap. \n\nI love to come to Flannerys on St. Paddy's day on Cavs game nights. There tends to be men there!
everything was great here, from a-z. \n\nloved my coffee and that's all that mattered to me!  btw, they brew LAMill coffee.\n\nno complaints here!
Bad menu and ambiance, expensive, my steak was overcooked and not grilled. Also, an NRA supporter.
If you like puke, and freshmen, and freshmen puking, come here. The only time I'm ever here is during a bar crawl.
Worst mexican I've ever had. \"Truffle\" dip looked regurgitated... no seasoning for meat in enchiladas or tacos... rice looks microwaved... TERRIBLE service!
One of the top notch nightclubs in Las Vegas, located in-between Wynn and Encore, beautiful swimming pool and dance floor, very loud noise and packed crowd inside.
Mediocre coffee...decent pastry...nice staff....but prices are ridiculous. \n\nYou are basically paying a premium to drink coffee amongst summerlin milfs.
My top choice when it comes to car wash.\nHard working people. \nA little bit pricy but excellent service. Armorall is a nice touch too
Wild, Young, Youthful, Crazy, Edgy style:\n\nAsk for Jean-Sebastien and tell him Dominique sent you!
The aesthetician's were great, very friendly. However my experience with the front office and management was disastrous. Very unorganized and unprofessional. I would not recommend making an appointment.
So secret and so good! Best prices for good pizza especially in Vegas. Def a must try when staying at the Cosmo
Just because I was in the area and I saw the show, worst experience and crap food.
Welcome to the land of bad service no subistutes and salty food should have stayed just a coffee shop.
Crappy service. Rude wait staff. Better pizza in the frozen food section in the grocery store. Truly sad it looked so promising.
Just had my pants seamed, the service was quick and well priced.  They are busy and I look\nForward to more services to come with this local business.
Worst place ever!!!! They don't fix repairs in a timely fashion. I've been listening to someone's smoke detector alarming for over two weeks now.
Biscuits.\nThat's why I come here.\nAnd I eat a crap load of them. \nDelicious.
If you want to get ripped off definitely come here!!!  I got a fill for $43 seriously!??  Never coming back to this place.  Nice decorations but dirty...
poke is legit here. esp if you're from the island.  so cal has some places that are okay, but I like the poke better here.
The white lady with the colors eyes short hair has the best attitude ever . If I didn't wanna slap the shit out of her.
We ordered drinks and appetizers. The drinks were good but the food was cold. We chad a nice view of the naked men outside
It is smaller than Rio's& Planet Hollywood's buffet. Good congee...  Prime rib is more like roast beef .. \nHalf of the buffet is desserts.
Worst Chinese restaurant I've ever experienced. I asked for steamed vegetables and they gave me steamed head lettuce.
Great atmosphere. Friendly staff.  Great food. All at a reasons price. \n\nHad the chicken burro with green sauce. It was fantastic.
Convenient CVS connected to Treasure Island hotel and casino. There is not pharmacy but the store is open 24\/7. All of the essentials are here.
Turkey sandwich was fresh, colorful, and healthy came with a side of \"Curley Hair\". Needless to say I won't go back until hair nets are mandatory.
Come for chicken & waffles, stay for kool-aid in a mason jar, candied sweets, buttered grits... leave with diabetes.
horrible service. They don't offer shuttle pickups during weekdays and even if you need to cancel within an hour of booking they charge you $25 dollar cancellation fee anyways.
The most disgusting place I have ever been. Completely degrading from the moment I walked in. Its like a Chuckie Cheese with clamiditia and filth.
yumtastic!! just don't forget your safety whistle and pepper spray! ....even during the day....
Fast service! I was in and out in no time!!!! $70 for my iPhone 5S screen replacement!
It is called House of Blues because you get the blues after spending so much God damned money at this pit. The staff is grumpy too.
Worst pool service ever.  Not accommodating, horrible customer service, and disrespectful staff.  I would never recommend these guys to anyone!
So sad to see you go.\n\n$1 Blackjack, 4oz martinis,blood on the walls and semen on the sheets.\n\nYou were my kind of place.
Food was good. Pretty nice ambiance. \n\nHowever, I felt discriminated being the only asian guy in here. Would probably not come back based on service.
The staff is so freaking friendly and make sure you feel comfortable even though they are literally digging in your mouth lol. I'm glad I switched to this office.
3 words, brown stew chicken.
I'm just not into so so pastries , treating your help badly and spending too much money and not getting a seat.
Buying a home was really easy on ShowArizona.com Forget small portals of info. I searched the entire state of Arizona and made my own portals!
This restaurant is terrible went there Friday with family from out of town food was raw we got sick I wouldn't recommend this to anyone
Apparently Cowabunga is now making extra money on overcharging on food.  Also, prices used to include tax, now they don't.  Really upset.  See attached pictures.
Worst excuse for mexican food I have had. Any self respecting Mexican should sue them for misrepresentation.
Made the mistake of ordering lobster at a steak house.
6 étoiles pour le croissant aux amandes, irrésistible!\nNe cherchez pas de comparaison, dégustez et souriez :)\nEt la seule question sera ... est-il raisonnable d'en prendre un deuxième?\nBon appétit.
Consistently great high quality food. The menu is well thought out and executed. Great drinks and service too. delicious every time and an excellent selection of specials.
!
Received discounted gas, using my Fry's points, clean station, what else could you ask for?
Dark, loud music, a trendy place.\n$45 for the signature \"hickory smoked Manhattan\", unusual, a one time experience.\nSailor's mojito, thick and sweet.\nShrimp tacos, excellent, except one couldn't see them!
walked in. no one said anything to me or helped me. i heard great things about this location. this is why i dont come to chanel. arrogant b1tch3s
There tacos taste Soo good make you wanna slap your Momma                                                                            ......
So so place that is not likely to stay in business long. No one there during lunch on a Saturday.
Excellent service! I couldn't be happier. The price was great, and the work was done quickly, thoroughly, and efficiently. I highly recommend Phoenix Irrigation Services.
Tried the Caesar Salad was so very GOOD !  I posted a photo of the long line, and the JUMBO shrimp !
This is a cute bar. Pretty small. Wish it attracted a younger crowd..felt really out of place.
Oh.my.god. Best donuts ever. The apple fritter makes me want to cry.
Been here multiple times with the co-workers, with just a few hiccup here and there when ordering out but overall pretty consistent.
An amazing Clinic to go to with top notch physicians. \n\nthis is NOT the hospital.\nThe Hospital is in phoenix. this is important information!
Great food, great customer service, reasonable prices, very clean. I have never left unhappy. I look forward to going to this place every week.
Cheapest credit card gas in the area and none of those ridiculous upcharges or hidden fees that make Terrible's, Shell, or Arco so annoying.  Clean, well lit, and convenient.
In locker room changing with headphones on listen to music, manager tells me to power down my phone cuz it has a camera! Wow! Membership cancelled!
If you only eat one thing in your silly, stupid, little life, eat the bacon wrapped dates at this restaurant. Ridiculous.
She is dynamite....i am speechless. Great service with magic hands. She is personal and promotes growth. I definitely recommend her!!!!
Amazing little Japanese place... they excel in hibachi... the gentleman who does the grill is quite skilled... Sushi is okay to good...
Great burger today. I ordered med rare but got medium. Still a good 1\/2lb cheeseburger!
Excellent customer service and support!!!\n\nGetting kids iPhones today. Early birthday presents.
Three Words: Bone. Marrow. Buffet.\n\n--- head (and heart) asplode ---
Extremely fresh, flavorful, and pricey!  Top notch sushi that melts in your mouth.  Cute for a date spot with a dim, fancy ambiance.
If I could give more stars I would! Marc is amazing with my  French bulldog Jabari! I know my pup is in good trusting hands.
Pretty average taco for a 60-70 minute wait. These guys are not ready for a prime time showdown.
I love the lube they use...
very similar to the idea of a popular restaurant, home of hot taste. I enjoyed the experience here and the food was very authentic.
Nice New York style bar cozy and dark, the staff was friendly and made very good martinis. \nMy favorite bar in this hotel in Vegas.
This place sucks donkey balls! They are incapable of massaging a person's shoulders without constantly hitting them in the head! NOT relaxing at all!
Gross...cockroaches crawling around floor!!  This place is nasty and the wings were dry, as though they had been sitting out for a couple hours!  Will never go back!!
I want to have a long, long, (Long) happy marriage with the squash curry. I left my heart at Ha Long Bay.
Flat 3 Stars. Food was ok. Staff was ok. Cleanliness wasn't. Dirty floors, tables, and bathrooms. I'll pass on this location in the future.
Awesome place! Very affordable, huge array of fruits and veggies and friendly staff. Location isn't too bad either.
It's very simple:  a well done cinnamon raisin bagel with cream cheese. A hot cup of coffee. You can't get that wrong...,and they didn't! \n\nYummy!! Definitely worth another trip!
I like this place! Nice complex flavors and damn spicy too. The wait staff were second to none.. I didn't think I was in a chain.
While the exchange rates aren't always the best (and it's not their fault) the prices to buy and sell currency are reasonable. Staff are knowledgeable, patient and friendly.
I don't need to say anything. Just view my pictures. Filthy. Old. Disgusting. \n\nI've stayed in Motel 6's nicer than this.
I was a bit nervous about the whole process, but it all went smoothly. I chose the courier option, and received my approved visa back 12 business days later.
Local dive bar experience!  Authentic Phoenix experience squished behind the Starbucks.\n\nPros:\nDecent prices\n$2 mystery shots\nClean bathroom\nA variety of seating options \nFriendly outgoing patrons of all ages
Good pizza, thin crust, nice amount of sauce and cheese. The salad was fresh, crisp, and very large.  Excellent lunch deal: pizza, salad, and a drink for around $7.
This place is AMAZING!!! I am so lucky to live right next door. The atmosphere, the pizza, the salads, the espresso.....and the service are all A+. You gotta go.....
Who needs a baseball team? Anyone? We'll unload the Pirates cheap. Everything must go! We'll even throw in the Parrot.
If your like gyros you'll love GN'at. Big juicy sloppy gyro made to order.   Tasty crisp french fries too.  There are other options including a Breakfast Gyro...next time.
Go to Linea instead.  The staff are friendlier, the change rooms are much, much more private and the prices are not as high.
Uhhh I am thoroughly offended by this place and their snooty attitude. Get real.
My chicken caesar salad smelt like cat litter....never eating here again.
Overcooked shrimp. Informed the server and was told, \"sorry, sometimes we overboil the shrimp.\" Disappointing. Will NOT be coming back.
After my not so \"wonder pho\" debacle...  My pho is here before I could even create this business profile.
I am pretty sure It's the location that keeps this place open. It cannot be the food.
Super Lame - their vegetarian sandwich is a plain bun with your choice of their free  toppings. It's better to just offer no vegetarian option in my opinion.
Mr Grouchy Pants at the front counter is gone!! YAY!!! I no longer dread an expedition to this store. And I have not had anymore pricing problems either.
Good Mexican food not great. Very friendly staff and nice atmosphere. Chips and Salsa tasty. Get a margarita and all is good!
The basement restroom area stinks like rotten milk and bleach but the Kishka is outstanding.
Would be good if they would fill your drinks. Or bring your food after 30min. Terrible service!!!!!
No issues with check in or at the gate. Agents were helpful and boarding was smooth.
Review in Haiku:\n\nOld folks congregate,\n\nin this dark, hole in the wall,\n\njukebox plays oldies.\n\nP.S.- I really like the Swizz.
Best pizza in dane county. The meals are a little simple, but the pizza is fantastic.
They have changed. The service and the food are pretty good. Try the Al Pastor tacos.
Definitely recommending this nail salon! Love how Tony did my nails!
Summoned for jury duty. Fuck this shit. So fucking boring. Wasted my whole day here stayed longer than 5pm. Paper said it wouldn't last after 5pm.
Service was horribly slow and not very friendly.... Would NOT suggest eating here.. 50 minutes and still not cooking and no refil!
This is not a legitimate company.  Stay away!  They sold me a piece of crap. knowing it did not work.  Very unprofessional.  Beware!!!
While I was eating, a coach roach ran across my table!  I immediately stopped eating and threw it in the trash and left disgusted.
The girls here will stab you if they don't get the $$$ they want, thugs with vaginas.
Went to see Phil and the gang with a last minute costume idea...and they helped me create this masterpiece. Thanks guys!\n\nhttp:\/\/www.phoenixnewtimes.com\/arts\/10-favorite-costumes-of-halloween-2015-7793933
Ok, I get it. Woodman's is cheap. Still, it's not worth the filth and the long lines. I want my groceries from a clean establishment.\n\nSee you at Cub.
A reasonably priced pumpkin patch with a good selection of pumpkins and rides.  Free mini pumpkin with a wristband(20.00)
My favorite pizza spot in VEGAS!\nCan't get enough of their WHITE PIZZZA\nI always make sure I stop by to grab a slice before I head home!\n*DROOL*
Amazing service and great grooming. My dog loves going there too! I highly recommend it to anyone. They do cats and dogs. The girls are excellent with animals.
Undercooked pizza, just like the hells kitchen episode...didnt bother returning or anything, but after seeing the show, and trying in person..worst place ever.
By far the best lighting selection in Calgary. Very reasonable pricing and great customer service.
wish they had a wet play area for us watersports fetish people!!
This bar \/ lounge has excellent customer service and plays great tunes.  A really enjoyable stop on our night club crawl.
Great place to see some local history. The Latta plantation area has also the Raptor Center, Equestrian Center... It's a good place to visit!
Smooth sailing no waits at all. What can you really say about TSA checkpoints anyways.
This is my spot! I come here quite often. Cheap drinks, fun & friendly staff. Just don't be a drunk douchebag and they won't mess with you. It's simple.
Now they Blocked me from FB-- All over 60$$ what are these guys?? scammers or thieves? They couldn't even come up off 60$ -- see previous reviews.
Very unhelpful on the phone. Told me they don't do lepto vaccines, a standard shot your dogs get. Couldn't get an appointment for a week. Go elsewhere.
Orange Italian Ice + Vanilla Custard = Orange Creamsicle Gelati goodness. MMMMMMMMMM SOOOO GOOD
Convenience stores earned their name.  Nothing stands out about this one good or bad.  Quick in. Grabbed my item.  Paid quickly.  Got out.  convenient!
a smaller location but always a nice experience.\nYour little quant grocery store where you don't mind paying $6 for 2 apples ;)
Chef is a jerk. Bad manners. Insists his noodles were perfect when they were terribly underdone. Too bad.
Love this place! Clean, clean, clean! Manager and staff are friendly. Good food and desserts! They have coupons
Horrible! Horrible! By far the worst service and full of lies.  they steal steal your money and make you pay more to the courts! Do not mess with them!
Simply The Best cakes in North York!\nFor years I am buying all my cakes at Amadeus and I love it!   \n\nDo not buy Macaroons here though.
Holy spacious comfy seats!  And the theater doesn't smell like stale popcorn!!  Only thing that could enhance the experience is a seat that reclines.
great pizza, cold beer.great place, those whiners with the 1 star should really stfu. For christ's sake, its vegas, you can smoke in church here ok?
Great food and good service....what else can you ask for!  Everything that I've ever tried here has been great!
The place and food is awful, servers are rude, did not care about how the food looked.
Huge portions, very cheap prices, delicious biscuits and friendly staff!
Like most, I came to the conclusion they are a dishonest s$@$show.  Do not think about doing business with them.
Honest Ed's Store basically represents Toronto. It's bright from afar, when your inside, it's all dusty, dark and sad like Toronto is everyday for me.
The hen house wrap with smash Browns instead of fries is all I need from this place.  Bomb.
Just what I like in a coffee shop...quiet, good coffee, wifi, nice people and with easy parking. Stop in for a mellow cuppa!\n\nSee you here.
Who is John Galt?  Well...\nFor starters, he built this place.\nUsed Rearden metal.
awful, pizza not cooked, bathrooms have no seat covers, the owners are rude and mean to staff.  SOME burgers have not meat and, the salads are with rotten tomatoes.
Wow Sat there for 10 minutes and had multiple servers and hostess walk by and was not even greeted
10\/10 \n\nthere literally aren't any fat chicks here, it's awesome
I took three steps into the restaurant and the owner gave me the finger and told me to fuck off.  I do i need to say more?
Drive-thru!\nEasy\nAnd\nDelightful.\n\nBeware\nUnsightly\nGround :(
Got to store checked in...then found out you have to buy a mattress in order to get two free pillows...not cool should have been up front about that
Online said they were opened but went there and it was closed.
Really fun shoes, beautiful store & a friendly clerk. If only the shoes cost hundreds instead of thousands...
Lance was awesome here today. He got me the best deal to make sure my car is looking great for the new year! :)
Loved the atmosphere, the burgers weren't too bad. My wife however wanted to hit our nurse.
Fine establishment!  Authentic English pub, friendly with Americans.  Staff takes time to learn name and what you drink!\n\nFriendliest staff in town, previous reviews unwarrented!\n\nNever a bad experience!\n\nCheers!
My wife had a great experience when she went to Park Avenue during a recent trip out to Camelback for a Dodgers spring game!! She looked amazing(as always)!!!
Came here and ordered from the lunch menu, which was excellent value!\n\nStaff was very friendly and gladly accommodated vegetarian requests.
Overpriced tacos eaten in the dark with loud music. No need to hurry back.
mmmm. pancakes. with butter and syrup. side of sausage.\n\nold school cool.
Chicken Wings.  Lots of flavors to choose from and size options.  You won't be disappointed.
Pretty unsatisfied and frustrated with this place and the employees, particularly their service center.\n\nDon't take your car here.  You'll have a miserable experience.
Vegetarians of vegan people should not try..I ordered salad which was super boring ..I hate this place...
They have a drink special called: Sunday afternoon $0.75 Sail with the Captain! Whatever defects this place may have are far outweighed by this fact.
Shake them dreads
Ohhhh dear.  Interesting crowd here..  Try not to offend anyone, you might get shanked!
We've been there a few times, the food is good but the service really needs improvement.\nThe service is slow, orders has been missed and forgotten.
Great place to come for a smog check or oil change. Never a wait, friendly staff, great prices, and usually free donuts!
0 fucking stars 3 people 4700 tab and we were sat outside to view the street fuck this place
I love them here.  Always been a great experience.   Best doctors ever, very caring.  Wouldn't go anywhere else!!!!
Bartender girl confiscated my free drink ticket because I ordered a $16 madori sour even though the drink ticket is good for $20. So confused and feels bad
It's your average bar food \/ nothing special but if you need a quick bite and want bottomless soda this is your joint.
The best Chinese food I've had in Scottsdale.  Delicious!
Awesome service Friendly Reliable Knowledgeable Guys!! Fast friendly service. Took our truck in and it was repaired quickly!
WTF Sauce!  I just ordered a bowl of tomato soup on Postmates and this is what I get?? Where's the rest?!
Best aquarium fish. A little pricey when it comes to pet supplies but staff is quite knowledgeable and they have the best grown, selection of tropical aquarium fish
Favorite place in town.. Every time I come always have an amazing time. Delicious great service and great ambiance.
No greeting or eye contact. Left after about 5mins of uncomfortable silence. I just want a sandwich,  Im not trying to fuck your girlfriend.
So pretty and such a great staff. The maintenance is awesome and large laundry facility. Very clean
overpriced in all aspects, great facility though.  unfortunately this entire shopping location is full of douchebags.
The gym is old and crusty. \nGainey village is legit go there instead.
Glad they are closing.   I ordered pizza and was under cooked.  I returned it and was yelled at.   I just left
This was real nice. You can ride a boat from outside to inside. Some one put alot of thought into this place.
Deuxièmes fois que je vais à la clinique de radiologie et jamais était déçus service très rapide en moins de 25 minutes jai passe la radio et le scanne
Love this pizza!  Very close to the style back home in jersey!  People are cool, too!
Horrible dark dirty place, bad service, totally in-authentic food. Anyone who thinks this is good Med food was born, raised and lived in Apache Junction their entire  life
Mediocre Food,\nStrange Atmosphere.\nI'm not Korean so I was weirded out.
You're welcome, Sexy Man! \n\nAnd I like shopping here as well.\n\nShhh...I'm trying to make Darren more fashionable.
Strong drinks. Cheap drinks. Yummy food. Great location. Easy and laid back. One of my favorite bars.
Good burgers, poor customer service. Would not hurt them to crack a smile!
Grade: B+\n\nFantastic food and service. Reasonably-priced. Be prepared to loosen the old belt a notch after your meal. The building really creeps me out.
Dave, I get it.  Your establishment serves lots of tasty meat.  Understood. But do you have to name a sandwich \"Texas Manhandler\"?  That's really just too much.
I went back. She is obviously in some kind of trouble. The place and her were both a mess. She will be out of business very soon. Be careful.
Turkey and chicken is good.\n\nEverything else taste like hospital food at best depending on how long its been sitting.
Poor service at Magnolia\nWent in to inquire on sound bar plus flat screen wall mount\n\n( Overpriced plus service was not friendly )\n\nTook my business somewhere else..
They sell defective merchandise and wont even exchange it (and no I didnt use it before I tried to exchange it)
Food is DISGUSTING.  This \"fish fry\"  is inexcusable.  Fish is preformed. Tough. Tepid temp.  Cole slaw tastes like straight Vinegar, Cabbage and noodles undercooked and COLD.
Always a great time at this place! I've been here several times and had an amazing time each time. I definitely recommend it if you're in the area!
Love the arepas and get the black bean soup as the side!!
The whole fucking staff is loud and ghetto in this jail. They act more ghetto then all the hookers they have booked in jail LMFAO
Hmm. My drink tasted a little burnt and watery...not the full bodied flavor I expect from here. Espresso machine may need a tune-up.
The service was terrible. I waited at the bar for 20 mins to end up just leaving. So much for customer satisfaction.
This place is great!  Always friendly, they have no problem if you ask for something on the creative side, and never a long wait for walk ins.
This place is comparable to Buca di Beppo.\n\nDefinitely for the masses.
This went from a potentially favorable review to 1 star because they just admitted they alternated conventional oil and synthetic for my last several oil changes.
This place has EVERYTHING.\n\nYou want books? BIF.\nYou want movies, both foreign and domestic? BANG.\nYou want music and other stuff? POW.\nYou want a place to chill? BOOOOSH.\n\nLove it.
love it love it love it!  green chili stew.  yum. i'm not saying anything else because this is my place and no new people are allowed.
The food is ok, it's definitely overpriced. I guess posting a lot of pictures on Instagram with famous bodybuilders gets you customers whether the food is good or not.
BEWARE! Techs are not licensed, the supplies they use are not sanitized. They are currently under investigation with the board of cosmetology.
This show is kind of boring. Nothing compared to some of the other ones. Let me just say very expensive nap :(
This place is so hood. One day I will find a three armed shirt, and I will buy it.
This place is slow as shit. Waited 35 minutes for food. Wasn't even busy and wait was forever. Still waiting. Long wait for food.
Called this place and rate was same as casino and women on the other end was arrogant and shouting . Don't bother exchange somewhere else !
Here's my pro tip: you can get a 'Family' sized order of onion rings. Nom! Get it... You're welcome.\n\nOh and don't forget the Chipotle Ranch dipping sauce!
Hey guys..idk what happened?  They closed permanently. Noone knows why so far? No furniture inside..all signs have been removed?
Mikayla Eric and alma are amazing. So is Conrado. The service, food and service is amazing. Margaritas on point.
Cool bartenders. Best view in Vegas. Disappointing dj. Great if you like middle aged women with no underwear.
$30 for entrance fee???!!!  Not doing that again.\nOutside looks impressive, can't say the same for the inside.\nHawaii joints are better.  Big disappointment here.
Mediocre food, overpriced, and horrendous attitude.  The 5 star reviews are also pretty suspect.
I have been coming here since 2008 and love the care and attention not only the Doctors give me but the entire staff. They are like family to me.
I love this place!!  Any time I have ever needed anything, the staff has always responded with quickness and a smile. Plenty of room at a great price!!
tako was not worth the hype. Service was not good, food was average and it was so loud that I couldn't even hear my husband.
Wicked service, amazing food and tap selection was not to shabby and the prices are very damn reasonable:) The group of us will definitely go back, hands down:)
Pathetic.  Loud, impersonal and immature.
DO NOT TRUST THEM!\n\nWay over priced and will jack on a bunch of services you don't need.
Solid place for an old school hot dog place. Exactly what you'd expect. Good dogs, good fried stuff. Amazing beer selection (really, really good).
Decent food for delivery!\nSPINACH RAVIOLI, VEGGIE PIZZA AND EGGPLANT SANDWICH. Ordered the Spanakopita but they called a few mi b utes later letting me know they didn't have it.
We got through the first set of doors then turned around immediately, the smell of cigarettes was extremely over powering. Gross.
Great location for a Starbucks, it's inside downtown summerlin. But beware, it's Macy's owned so you can not redeem your points. \n\nExcellent service, baristas always making the extra effort!!
cool venue. \n\nshitty DJ.\n\nflashbacks of middle school dances. \ni tried to explain to him his lack of skill (dude, youuuuuu.... suck.) \nhe didn't understand.\nlost interest.\n\nlotta dorks.\n\nbring your own party.
Great club.  Open 6 nights a week with something different evey night; swing nights, bi nights, threesomes, fet.  In its own way  the most sexually advanced experience in Canada.
I don't like them anymore. There are better things to do on a Sunday afternoon than watch the clowns play.
Can't believe I'm writing this...but arguably the best Burger King I've tried. The Whopper actually looked like the picture and tasted delicious. I'd highly recommend.
This is the kind of bar you see on bar rescue. Where is Jon Taffer when you need him?
The pizza is good.  Just don't expect to get your order correct.  Three pizzas in a row the order was incorrect.
I haven't had real good burger very long time ago. I ordered chicken breast and it was great.
Raising Cane's is like Chic-fil-A. They didn't invent the chicken finger; they just perfected it. (Well that's close enough).
If you're looking to host a rave with the magnitude of a supernova, this place will accommodate. May 11th, 2016 was definitely one for the history books
I fell off a barstool\nhere once, but I guess that means\nI had a good time.
This place is amazing.  Topless diner heaven.  Highly recommended for male and female.  Good food good service.
Bad.  Stay away.   Unless you like dry chicken and empty tacos.  Go elsewhere.   Not worth what they charge.  Better off staying hungry.
service could be better, or maybe i am used to service back in 626?\n\ntea was alright, too much ice.
once, while rummaging through books at mac's backs, i found a pop up version of the kama sutra.\n\ni'm still in therapy from that day.
is this place for real?\ndo people actually come here to eat and drink?\nthis place is listed under 'caribbean'? really?\nwhat the hell is that all about?
Very satisfied w my tint. Looks good, feels good. Only thing is it doesn't feel as cool as I thought &.I got the top package
Après 3-4 visite au buffet des continents st Jérôme \nJamais déçus la nourriture est très bonne le service numéro 1 bon choix de mets différents
Awful service. Brought me my check before I received any food.
Love this salon.  Very nice job on my hot mess of a bichon.  Will definitely be taking A.J. back for regular groomings!
This is the only lash place i have been to but I'm liking it and everyone loves my lashes.
this is not good.........really, really not good.\n\ni threw out my lunch.........and i was really, really hungry.
Wow, tough crowd! Good wings, fast service, not nearly as bad as reviewed here! Go for a MAN MUG!
Seriously FRESH AMAZING sushi with great prices! The staff goes above and beyond to take care of you. Friendly warm inviting atmosphere but seriously really great sushi!
Dear Vic & Anthony: If, as a steakhouse you can't do french fries, its does not instill confidence that you can do anything else.
Really great service and I enjoyed the 'Hell's chicken sandwich' along with the house lager. Really nice addition to the neighborhood.
Stylist had terrible body odor. She pulled my hair out twice and rammed her clippers into my ear. Terrible hair cut had to be fixed. Will never go back!
Lame and overrated. Awkward effort by the girls on the microphone. Low energy and tacky.
How a \"Martini Bar\" thinks it can claim such a title with only three gins in its arsenal is beyond me.
Great course and well maintained. Staff was very friendly, particularly Andrea.\n\nLoved the 'free' booze.
Can food taste any more boring?\n\nI guess it can.\n\nAt another First Watch location.
Another incredible eats here.  Try the pan roast combo with white rice.  Thank you Chef Mike! Seafood is ubber delicious!! :)
The green ice tea and environment was great!  The staff was so nice.  They need more big comfy chairs.
Okay so I came.  I saw.  I Tachi'd and ummmmmm yah what are those four stars about?
A little pretentious for me.  Afterall I'm buying a dog dish and treats not Prada's.
HOLY CRAP!  Texaz is the meat-lovers paradise. DO IT!
This is a very neat little place!! Easier to go here then all of the way to the post office!! Staff is very nice!!
Free air for your tires, propane tank filler, decent gas prices and service make this one of the better gas stations in Surprise.
Goofball gun store! Employees have very little knowledge. Find a qualified knowledgable gun advisor some place else....this place is a joke!
I LOVE casino coffee shop food!!   It is what it is, so there are NO complaints.  Omelets, hash-browns, toast and coffee--all went down smooth!
A Haiku Review of Angels Trumpet Ale House:\n\nAttention beer nerds:\nThis is your official bar.\nI'll see you there soon.
This place SUCKS! I found hair in my food and was charged for something I didn't order!\nNever again
I was very pleased with working with this company twice;) very sufficient and pleasant
Best place you can find for illegal immigrants, stolen car parts, drugs, hookers, and crack! This hotel keeps em coming back foo more!
If you're in the Aspinwall area, definitely check out Burgatory. it's right next door!
They have a dude making burritos, pipes, booze, condoms, beanies, and more. They put the convenient in convenience store.\n\nI just wrote their jingle.
I come here just for Earl of Sandwich.\n\nSometimes I lose money on the way in on blackjack though.
I can confirm this is closed.  I was, uh, just passing by.  Right, that's it!  Just passing by.
They never met an up-sell they didn't like, but they do good work.  If you have will power, come here for a good value wash.
Hole in wall, but bright, airy and clean. \n\nThey have mole tamales-- look no further.
One of the most relaxing spots to ease away the compounded stress of the daily grind. A true oasis in the middle of the hustle and bustle. Highly recommended.
60 minutes d'attente pour une salade césar qui a comme seule qualité d'être propre à la consommation humaine. Première et dernière expérience. Gérant et personnel arrogant.
Clean and convenient public restroom on the strip, you don't have to walk through 9 miles of mall or casino to find it.  Just sayin', keep it in mind...
This is my local Best Buy, and what can you say about Best Buy that hasn't already been said?  Absolutely nothing, so I'll shut up now.
The place is very very relaxing!!! \n\nMy husband said the floating experience was so amazing and even better than a massage.
Lots of nice food choices because they have a wide variety of vendors to cater to everyone's needs. There is a lot of seating space. Very clean.
Simply the best. The special como is beyond delicious. Fries are homemade and not salty at all. The perfect balance, pizza is love, pizza is life.
Update: my tummy hurt for a whole day after!!! Cramps! I had to stay in bed! They are seriously not good, like for real!
I don't get the hype about this place. The waits are so long and the garlic sauce they use in the shawarmas tastes like goo.
They fix your tires.
Nice variety of vehicles on Emerald Aisle every time I rent here.  I was totally disappointed AGAIN to find a dirty car after leaving the lot.
This place beats all the crepe resturants in San Jose. The make each one fresh in fornt of you.\n\nThe others can learn from them how to serve good food.
SCAM. After MULTIPLE requests to be removed from your list, I keep getting more emails. I will find a way to stop you.
- Overrated\n- Expensive\n- Hipsters\n\nThree strikes and you're out, Caffe Paradiso.
Jason \nThanks for working with mine and my BMW issues. You truly went above and beyond.
Interesting retro vibe, friendly service, smooth  Lavazza coffee and delicious lemon poppyseed pancakes! We found this place by accident but will be back the next time we're in Vegas.
Always awesome and helpful!!
Pizza here is delicious. The crust is thick and toppings taste fresh. Service is good and as staff is quick and friendly.
I love this gym. Free wifi and if you have a black card, massage machines, tanning booths and many other perks are included.
I called to ask for delivery and was hung up on so no I won't be bothering them again with my business...
Stop reading this review.  Text your loved one.  Tell them \"we're going to Pollos LaChuya tonight\". \n\nYou're Welcome
SNOOZEFEST....  Typical chain food .   Just the average of average.   There are so many choices in Vegas I'm kind of surprised so many people go here.   Yawn.
It's a small bar just located just outside the store but the drinks are incredibly good and the service is great however they do close early.
biggest liar and cheater. this guy is  a thief. DO NOT BRING YOUR BUSINESS TO HIM. please beware
Trish the Dish cuts a mean ass haircut.  Doooo eeeeeet
Food average at best,but salad bar was good.Breading on broasted chicken way \"too heavy\"..Service OK.No happy hour in bar.On \"plus side\" I felt like the youngest person there.
Dazzling, scarcely-worn Louis Vuitton heels for less than a hundred bucks.  \n\n*****Squeal!*****
Worst Chinese I've ever had. Hands down. \n\nPlace is disgusting too.
getting better, but carts are still dirty and even though they have great organics.....I still shop primarily at WF's
We've gone here for many of our relationship milestones. I wish we hadn't.
The service was horrible. The TV was on a station showing a deer being hunted and killed. All in all a terrible experience.
Orange, pineapple, mango and other ingredients make this a tasty and refreshing smoothie for this hot Arizona day.
Great ambiance and even better staff and drinks. Probably one of the most hidden hotspots around town. I'm telling you, just try it one time. You'll be back...I promise!
horrible food, obviously horrible service.  I DO NOT recommend this place to anyone in arizona or vising az.
They have horrible customer service. Too many clerical errors and absolutely nothing was done to rectify them. I never want to back to this place.
Very deceitful and dishonest. Joke of a financing company. Would recommend all to review their options before pulling the trigger with these clowns.
What wonderful service! Not only did they fix my crepe machine but as it was such a minor repair they made no charge. Great customer service. Highly recommend!
It's always good! I got my fix of spices and veggies today.  Can't go wrong with a good Indian lunch buffet style.
Installed a 65inch TV for me for a very reasonable price.  Were extremely professional, friendly, and efficient.  Will 100% use for future television mounting or entertainment center installations.  10\/10.
Best deals I've found in town on Golf clothes. We also won a putting contest while we were there and got $25 bucks for it! nice!
Stopped by the other day to only be treated with rude customer service and bad food. Uh yeah, nothing has changed one bit.
Huge selection of hangover foods, parking spots and a sneaky post office I'm forced to go to often. Slushies on tap. Taquitos. You know the drill.
The main reason I use Uber :) thank god we have an alternate choice these days, companies like this are nothing short of a joke.
Over priced drinks, under cooked food, and the longest wait time I've ever sat through. There's a lot of restaurants on Shea, don't waste your money here.
Free wifi. That's all you need to know about this place.\n\nOh and the egg puff stand here is better than most.
They broke my side skirt and refused to pay for it, owner was rude and blamed my car for being low. Lawsuit on the way!!
Not the cheapest gas, but how much is your time worth? Inside, decent selection of coffee and snacks. Then you're back on and can get onto I-485 fast.
I had Pork Hot Pot with Korean soup, it was good!\nSingle hot pot is still big for one. Staff is nice and friendly. We enjoyed their food.\nLittle bit pricy.
The best....... Enough saidsteve hair and color for me today and the wife also!!!! From the hair whisper Amyshe rocks!!!!!!
This will be the most useless review you'll ever read on Yelp:\n\nGo here. Get the special. Enjoy.\n\nThe end.
Sign on door says, \"Closed for one month.\"  Really enjoyed Safeway rotisserie chicken and baked potato salad.  Glad, \"open\" is part of Safeway's business model.
Let's be honest. The food speaks for it self. Everyone I know enjoys the food. The service will come in time. You can't be mad at the food.
Super moist, sugary and delicious donuts and awesome smoothies WITH boba!  \n\nYou can't lose!
Nothing special. Makes me think of Dennys with another name. Should be closed down for being boring and serving crappy bacon.
I bit into a truffle from Candinas, and found a bunch of what looks like fuzzy bluish mold inside. Yuck!
Was not all that impressed.  I have hade better chicken strips from a bar
Salty, pricey and just not good enough for supposedly being one of the best Italian places in Toronto. I want my money back.\nGo to Terroni's. it's a lot better.
Super expensive, and nothing to eat. The worst buffet I ever had in Toronto. never visit again. do not waste ur money.
Pretty good hotel and lots of stores and restaurants.  The nearby mall is very large and attracts a lot of people, as does the hotel too.
nice remodel.....food not that great.....we had ribs, chicken and pork chops tonight....chicken undercooked...taken off bill.....mac and cheese side good
How does this place stay in business. Such cruel service. Blown away at how rude they were. I feel disrespected here and would not come back.
This place don't need a makeover, it needs a bulldozer.\nIt puts the whole community to shame.
Mmmmm. I had those chocolate chip cookies again. I can taste the salt. And God are they chewy too. This is a good little baked puck of dough.
our past two orders have been cold...what do they do? they offer -10% off next time...\n\nno
OMG wtF 35 dollars for hot dogs, and they wanted 5 more for the chili! \nIt gave me the runs and I will never go back!
Zio's pizza is MOTHA FUCKIN DELICIOOOOOUS!!!!  I had the Zio's favorite which consist of spinach, tomato, garlic, and feta cheese...GET SOME
It tastes like a donair.\nAnd really, isn't that what everyone from Nova Scotia wanted to know?
Pssst: Devonian Gardens is one of the places you can go to get away from anyone you know. It's beautiful. Pass it on.
Great food and good customer service! Definitely a must have if your just coming off the highway or have some cravings for Mexican food
Delicious cuts and homemade meat pies to die for. Service with a smile and done with respect for the trade of butcher.
I walked in and out in about 3 minutes. Small, crowded, low class and the only hot girl there was my wife. \n\nDon't bother.
Shards of glass in their draft beers. Don't go here. $10 gift card. Calling the health department on these motherfuckers.
Open till 3 on weekends? Nah not really. Showed up at 2:40 and the place was closed. Go to guys instead, at least they're honest with their hours.
Wasn't really impressed by the folks. Passive aggressive times deux. The rooms were worn and dated. IC should pull the brand from this property. Location was ok though.
Order was wrong but it was\nDelish. The dude that owned this place before was a\nDickhead and his pizza\nSucked. Will order again
If you are gonna be closed for some nonsense football game, how about a message on your voice mail? Rookie  mistake my friends...
The staff r nice and its a quick way to earn $ the only thing i hate is getting stuck by a needle lol
Stripper Poles in every direction that you look!  What more can drunk girls ask for!?
My girlfriends and I had a great time celebrating a birthday. Definitely would go back again. Had a awesome time and the staff members are hilarious.
If you want a massive meal at a great price with awesome high quality food, come here. ... And ask for the server, Carl. He is the best!!!
Clean and well-maintained salon, friendly staff, and GREAT prices -$28 for a mani\/pedi. I was very happy and will be going there again!
A man popped out of a room as i was walking by and said \"hey are you the cocaine guy\" 5 out of 5 stars for this legitimate establishment.
If were to describe sex through a nightclub, XS is it. Sinful, addicting, enticing, free (well for some...hahahha), and pleasurable. Love it.
It's 10 am\nAnd they don't open until 10?\n\nWhat???   I wish I had these hours!\n\nWeak\nWeak\nWeak\n\nFor a coffee shop?\n\nNot cool
Speakeasy Confidential. \n\nA \"secret\" worth uncovering.
Closed on Wednesdays, closed on Wednesdays, closed on Wednesdays...\n\nGotta remember that.  That's the second time I've gone there to find it closed!  :(
Their Viennese cookies are delectable, and the Millionaire's Shortbread was to die for. Totally worth the drive. I hope they get more business and stick around!
No comfy big ass rocking seats..\nNo souvenir cup for 1.00 refills..\nNo super cute boys making gourmet popcorn..\nNot locally owned..\n\nIt's not Harkins.
Their discrimination against families is enough to make me never spend a dime here. We were excited about a new sushi place but unfortunately won't be eating here
Overdue review, but we are very happy with our pool.  Worked with our budget and finished within the promised time frame.  Very professional and responsive.  Highly recommend.
They completely ruined my expensive suitcase. Damaged luggage, scratches, dents, ruined the paint, tore off the leather band. Never traveling with them again
We got country fried steak and loco moco for dinner. \n\nThe gravy was pretty good, but it was nothing special.\n\nFriendly service.\n\n3 stars!!\n\nCopper Whisk Café is almost yummylicious!!
Short and sweet, and as a Haiku.\n\nParking is awful\nNo wine, but that's PA's fault\nBest organic food
This is NOT the cat's meow. \n\nThis is when the cat coughs up a hairball. \n\nLadies, get your free drinks and bounce.
I thought this was the closest location to me, but it isn't! \n\nI only like the chicken tacos and green sauce, pretty good. Not tex mex though!
They let me draw chalk weiners all over the ground and dont even yell at me!!
I hardly ever leave a review, or give 1 star. But the food was Really bad! Quality sucked, service sucked, prices were high.
Melange of colors,\nThing of beauty and tastes good,\nJust get the sorbet.\n\nPlace is overhyped,\nPay too much for what you get,\nBaku, not Haiku?
Solid place. Noodles are homemade and taste like it! Would come back.
I came back this week, got my great suite with the view of the strip!!!\n\nEnough said!
Place is opened till 6 but was closed at 5:30 today. They must of had to go the gym.
Ate in loved the chorizo empanadas and the ahi tuna but thought the beans were tasteless... All and all I will be back but will not order the beans.
Not really sure what this place is.   \nIt's a bar\nIt's a Internet cafe.\nIt has a stripper pole but no strippers in sight.\n\n\n\nFYI - Cash only at this joint.
This place is pretty awesome ! They have anything you can ask for. Vitamins, minerals, healthy based supplements. Very helpful and knowledgable doctors !
Thought it was impossible to make me hate ice cream but the idiot behind the counter sure did. Not impressed.
I'd be OK with getting diabetes if I could do it while eating ce cream from here every day.
Excellent pizzas and salads, friendly and attentive service, great prices.\n\nThey care about making things properly, and it shows.
El Pollo Loco FREE Chicken for Mothers Day http:\/\/bit.ly\/BymAs , http:\/\/bit.ly\/nlKUm , http:\/\/bit.ly\/nzgPu
We went because of the publicity.  We had the white chocolate coconut cream pie.  It was delicious.  The service was fast and friendly.  We had a lovely experience.
Friendly customer service, good location and great products. Prices are decent, too. The sandwiches that are hand made at the deli are very good.
This hospital is down the street from my house and I would only go back if I was unconscious and had no say in the matter.
Bartender was super friendly and nice. Steamed buns were on point and Buddha beer bottle doubles as a super great flower vase! Definitely recommend for a delightful Asian experience
The complex is very beautiful but remember beauty is as beauty does. Looks can be deceiving.
WOOOOOHOOOOOO!!!!  Finally! Lunch Box is open on Satudays 11-5pm.....You da man Joe......ALOHA!!!!!\n\nYELP 365 CHALLENGE-(158\/365) \"Wieners and Waffles available on Saturdays!\"
Red Caviar served here. Best red pearls, butter and crackers since pre cold war days in Saint Petersburg. I Nina. I full woman. Never cross me.
Triple espresso w\/ 2 splenda on ice!  After I couldn't find what I wanted and was looking for in Macy's, Starbucks saved the day.
Good spot in the airport to get some coffee and baked goods. Coffee here is fresh, hot and tasty. Line moves pretty quickly and staff is friendly.
When you ABSOLUTELY need a package to be both damaged & lost. Trust in OnTrac.
Their van driver is an asshole I would not recommend honking people who are stuck behind bicycles and tailgating cars who can't go any faster
Heard from a friend of mine that the tequila is good here. Came up here a couple hundred times to confirm..tequila still good
Everyone's already said everything I feel. \nI just wanted to throw my vote into the 'Spring Rolls Sucks Chicken Balls' bowl.
Perfect mom spot. \n\nEverything about this place scream \"I'm wild\" but I feel safe! I don't feel like I will be attack here. \n\nFood fine. It no taste special.
The best raspados, ice cream and Mexican snacks in Phoenix!
This place is gross! I threw up after I ate their food.  I would never go back there again.
Adobo Fried Rice is my favorite.\nLocal Plate is good too.\nSaimin is popular with the kids.
Really great location and ambiance. Dessert and service was excellent. I really wish we had a place like this in DC...great for date night!
The quintessential biker bar in north Phoenix.  \n\nSupport your local Cave Creek Crew!!!
I'm writing yet another obituary. John McGinnis Special Food Store has closed due to the owner's decision to retire. The upscale grocery had been in business for 33 years...\n\nhttp:\/\/triblive.com\/neighborhoods\/alleghenyneighborhoods\/alleghenyneighborhoodsmore\/3953260-74\/mcginnis-market-store#axzz2WYiHuAQa
professional, friendly staff.  dr. adaoag is very receptive and knowledgeable.  comfortable office.  most comfortable doctor visit i've had in vegas thus far.
We were there on Dog day when people bring their dogs in. Really???\nThe level of music makes it difficult to talk.\nNot for people over 22
Great service! Lovely people! The owner knows what he's doing. Best nail place in Vegas! I highly recommend Luxy Nail Salon!!!
If you like to over pay for ink head on over to club tattoo. They are the most over priced place I have ever seen. Do not go here!!
Cool stuff about this AMC:\nKenny at the ticket office\nCenPho location\nArizona Center\nParking garage WITH validation!\nClean lobby\/bathrooms\n\nNot-so-cool:\nPrices\nOur theater smelled like feet.
ehhh...the cheese fell off. But it was pizza. And I was hungover and needed grease.
Holy nazi HOA'S Batman!  Tickets for 2 mph over.  Fines for a girl showing too much cleavage in the clubhouse?  Really?  This is Vegas...cleavage runs Vegas!
Signature drinks-awful. Just really bad. The patrons were mostly low life. A fight even broke out. Place sucks
I cracked my S6 edge screen and wanted it fixed immediately. My friend recommended Megabox. I got my phone back in around an hour for an honest reasonable price.
Classy and beautiful with pretty girls, pools, and poles \n\nI'd recommend bottle service here for convenience
Carne asada fries and nachos from Roberto's are the best padding for drinks. Plus, they're delicious.\n\nThanks to my local Vegas friend for the pickup and delivery service!
Good locations. They have a cool play area for kids. Place is pretty clean looks like a well operated Burger King. Good Job!
Tea Station addict confesses...relieved to find one in the desert. Yes it's home away from home.  \n\nKudos to franchises!
$19 for mango drink and butter chicken wrap?\nStomach felt uneasy, much better roti\/curry around.  Counter staff friendly. Interior clean, too expensive for mediocre meal.
Imagine Sephora with casino tables and this is what you get.  I still like it though.  It's way better than what Aladdin used to be.
The only good thing about this joint is hearing the back door on 1st and Lewis slam shut as you walk out
Short review. \n\nCons:\nDisgusting.\nProbably a health hazard.\n\nPros:\nDrugs and\/or hookers on premises if that's what you're looking for.
I highly recommend Ashley Grana the Community Manager for Lone Mountain Heights. She sets the example of customer service and professionalism that all HOA management should follow.
Still love this place! I had another large project and had to have them create it for me. Again Nevada Art Printers did an AMAZING job!!
NO, just NO....\n\na few words come to mind when i think hakkasan.\n1)HakkaDONT\n2)HakkaWack\n3)HakkaStairs\n4)HakkaPretentious\n5)HakkaLines\n6)HakkaWTF\n\nTRUST ME, i'm an elite.  Don't come here.  that is all.
View = Amazing\nDrinks = Eh\nSnacks = Yum\n$150 for 6 martinis = Nope\n\nDear Mandarin Bar -Please let us IPO before I come back here.\n\nThanks!
Down to one star now......not sure why I keep ordering.\n\nHad to turn on the oven for cold food, what is the point.
Over crowded. Over priced. Over dull. \nThis is like Hellywood.. Uhmm.. NO THANKS!!!\n\nIt is pretty though, so... 2 stars... LOL....
Horrible hotel, shitty casino, really bad customer service. Internet sux, tv sux, people sux. Never again will I stay at this casino.
Tryst, lemme upgrade ya. \n\nThe grand daddy of all clubs in XS. \n\nGot diamonds on your neck?\nPatron in your cup?\nGood, let's PARTAY.\nbecause \nElla quiere su Rumba
Why is there a sign in the bathroom prohibiting visitors from flushing toilet paper? There's a wastebasket full of poo. Not cool.
Feed your inner falsetto.  Highly entertaining show.
the guy has issues.\n\nI think unless your're a good looking girl won't even help you. \n\nDon't waste your time
If Naruto was a real person...then this place would be his number one stop in Vegas!
Graduating this week and continuing to get my masters here. Nothing but good things to say for GCU.
Quality food is quality food. It doesn't lie. I would say it has a cute set up but the food is like quality microwaved food.
Great place! wonton's while you wait. Best hot and sour soup I've ever had! Everything is really good. Nice clean place.
Beautiful property .. Nice people working there , form the Valet to the front desk.. Very pleasant !
Shop is bad, they were not helpful and were in a hurry to get me out of the shop. Should be called crap inn
1. horrible service!!! 2. overpriced!!!! 3. cold food!!!
We ate the Khatchabouri, it's basically a\nGeorgian form of a Greek\/Armenian cheese pastry. It was really tasty. But expensive at $10 each.
The technicians were ok, but I wasn't too thrilled with the office staff, scheduling, etc.\nNot very friendly or helpful.  My appointments times were changed without notification.
This place is horrible!!!! Food was so greasy. Worst food I've ever had. Honestly McDonald's make better food then this place.
This whole scene turned ghetto in the past decade:\n\nhttp:\/\/blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com\/valleyfever\/2011\/10\/scottsdale_chick_fight_caught.php
Decent sale going on. Nice jewelry for the ladies. Not sure what there was here for guys except for a sofa.
black milk tea is pretty good. I gave them 3 stars cuz they wont let me allow to bring my sandwich in.
Dude at the front door with black hair and a beard is a douche. He turns away repeat, paying customers based on his own criteria. He sucks.
My wife and I went there for their lunch buffet. The food tastes great, restaurant is very clean and the service is excellent.  We keep going back!
Had a business meeting at this great Mastro's! Excellent food,service and staff! Can't wait to go back!
Fast and friendly service. They sell their popular burgers, sides and frostys. Food was hot and made to order. Tasty, too.
Such disgusting\n\nMuch humping\n\nVery douchy\n\nWOW\n\nThis place is beyond gross, the customers, the staff (some of them), the place itself, the vibe.\n\nWaste of a night.
Holy crap, 7.50 for a dirty martini, and with crappy vodka...sometimes you just don't know how much I wish I didn't have an allergic reaction everytime I drink beer!
Had a $13.... 16oz brew.  I guess nacho daddy thinks they are located in the aria?  What a joke... I thought it was a local bar
this place is awesome! they have put in gps in my cars and trucks. plus installed radios and back cameras.this is the only place i'll use.
Pretty standard Jamba Juice.   Overpriced fruit, milk, sugar and ice in a blender.
Meats on meats on meats. Julian took care of us. The food came out at a good speed, and everything was delicious.
Dirty floor, dirty tables, filled out employment application in open view of anyone.... this location has a management problem
Total scam. Called me and were completely unprofessional when I refused to give them personal information. They are trying to take advantage of people!
raising to 4.5 based on the hot and sour soup alone. I have tried the same soup at multiple places and none...none were as good as here.
Meh, its a bank.\n\nShort wait time, staff was helpful. I had to make a deposit for a friend. Easy in and on my way.
Of course..nothing can beat waffles from Brussels (particularly from Maison Dandoy). But this version tasted super artificial..like waffles from a box.
This place is well executed when it comes to the ambiance and service from Samantha but from that point on.......Bye Felicia.....lol....had too!!! \n\nLow quality average \"Mellow\" pizza.\n\nCiao
this place sucks....food is horrible.
The happy hour here between 4-6 is pretty bomb... plus all the attention since we were basically the only ones there....\n\nDon't judge me!  :O
Damn nasty wings. Low quality meat, hard to chew, impossible to swallow.  I had to throw out the wings and find something else for dinner.
I have always received excellent service from American Auto Care in Summerlin. They explain what they are doing and communicate very well. Highly recommended.
Wow!! What a great show, with great cast members!! Everyone needs to see this show! Criss Angel is one of a kind.
They punish you if you use a credit card. \nNot so at Bosa Donuts. \nIt's called being \"penny wise and pound foolish\". \nLook it up.
I ordered a tofu salad and I got tofu with cornflakes on top. WTF? It was really good. WTF!?!?\n\nThe soup dumplings (xiao long bao) weren't half bad, either.
Diana was helpful and sweet when needing a last minute hair trim. This is my first time at a Super cuts.
Customer service significantly lacking. Knowledge to make a basic espresso drink pretty much non existent....not at all impressed. Will definitely not return and this was my very first visit.
Thank you Omar for your delightful customer service, kindness and understanding. I am glad to have Roundpoint Mortgage service my loan.
The food was okay but my soup was only half filled....totally unacceptable! I'm highly annoyed.
I can't rate this .. the food was not up to par. The chicken and waffles were basically (chicken fingers and limp waffles)
Ozzy is the best! Really enjoyed my first time at Gen bc of him ^^ He recommended really good food too!
So much food for the price! Oreo pancakes are super unique and delicious. The omelettes are fluffy and amazing, and the hashbrowns are way cool. You can't go wrong!
Gen is a great restaurant! Service was great. The server was Jaenica. She would always be around just in case we needed something! \nA++
Every time I have called to book an appointment I've been put on hold forever. Also, when I've gone in, I've been told to come back much later. DISLIKE
great service, nice facilities, excellent food and bar. AmEx could consult for airline lounges! \n\nwell done. AmEx
Not a fan of the graffiti shop. The owner claimed to blow glass but I think he just blows smoke. Dirty and not a good vibe.
Long Wait, Unfriendly Staff not to mention I felt like I was at a Timeshare Sales pitch in Mexico.  What is this world coming to...
Some of the Tuesday night refs need to check their messages, cause I think they missed some calls...
The new high tech touch screen drink machine ran out of regular coke and dr. pepper.  Poor planning.
First time here Love this place Leslie did a grate job and she went along with my idea wean other places denied them.
Daniel and Lind were great, flexible and very helpful.  They made the day less grueling!
Soooooo ghetto. Beautiful interior, but the music is gangster nonsense and the antendees are fake, ghetto gangsters. We stayed 5 mins. So awful.
I ended up paying 1k for a crown that they said would be covered by my insurance. Then they billed me $50 for not going back to them.
So fast, so easy, its wonderful! I only wish my people insurance was as helpful.
Corey took great care of me and my car, The mechanic Steve is awesome too!! Will be going back for my next oil change!
AHHH!! Two words. Toki Doki.\n\nYes. They carry tokidoki here....
Great food and great service! Yuhao and Luke were awesome servers and took good care of us! Would definitely come again
I liked the place and service was good too. I had  falafel which I would say is one of the best in town.
I did the walking tour. The tour guide got lost.
Professional, efficient, most hard working movers I've ever seen! Would highly recommend!
Had my favorite smothered chicken and it was righteous, yet again.  Have you tried it yet?
I ate it and I didn't die. I'm so happy to say these words. What more can you say about greasy rice and cogulated 'brown' sauce?
After (intentionally) capsizing a sailboat in TTL, I spent a good 15 minutes floating in this giant puddle. And that was much, much too long. Gross.
Nice large and clean store.  Area looks like something from the Walking Dead however.
updated
Went to grand opening and they had few dishes to offer. Service was good but food was mediocre.
Laughing so hard... There is nothing Hawaiian in the market. Not even L&L. The joke is on you.
In Oct 13 of 2012,I adopted a dog there,his name is Taco,it was the best thing I ever did and the people there were great.
Peameal bacon breakfast sandwich.\n\nLearn it. Know it. Love it. Eat it again.
Broooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! Let's play this broken Mortal Kombat machine and just chill bro. Sick idea bro.
I don't know if they'd classify themselves as an Easy Listening station....but to me it is.  Not bad when I want to relax or destress.
Long Wongs has the best buffalo chicken wings in the entire world. The end.
I was so disappointed that they have all the animals food and toys But, don't have anything for human even bottle  water.
This place is awful. Ordered bruschetta, they came out and gave us a plate of crackers with diced tomatoes on them.\n\nAvoid. Avoid. Avoid.
They have paddleboat parking and a srobe lite.  Ron gives awesome bikini waxes and I love that they show Alf re-runs in the mens room!  ;)
Food was delightful!!  Go before the lunch rush because the line will be out the door.
Luke and Yuhao was supper helpful for my first visit at Gen. The service was great and the food was even better I'll deffiently visit here again.
Smoke-filled bathrooms, gross food, even if the burgers are a buck.  Expensive bowling, but on the upside, only one of the bartenders is a tool.
Love the atmosphere our server  Kailin was really sweet and helpful. She helped us order and pick stuff we haven't tried. She was absolutely outstanding, great customer service
It is hard to find and the outside is not well lite.  The carts are all outside in the parking lot nothing in the store.
all i have to say is if you like pooping your pants 10 mins. after you eat, go to dianna's.  hence the nickname \"dirty di's\"
Love that it never closes. The design is novel inside and the lighting is pleasant. Offerings are vast and baristas fast.\n\nNice\n\nOpened June 2016
Their pho is perfect.\n\nWords. Words. Words. Yelp wants more words in order to accept this as a review.
Open 24 hrs yet at 230 am only one checkout is available...You have the capability of offer self checkout and yet have the area closed off..
They have great service and really great food. Will come back again. Love their Korean BBQ and the meat are fresh. ;)
Target: One of the best places to check out the local attractive moms.
I found everything I needed and I liked the expansion, the antipasta bar is on point and they sale Vanilla Coke which made my hubby very happy. \n\nGreat store.
So far, we've been waiting for 16 minutes at the bar. Still haven't ordered a drink....on my birthday.
Stayed here a couple different times, and had the same experience both times, AMAZING!!! Getting trashed at Dicks Last Resort was icing on the cake....
too many chubby girls. cut back on the beers ladies :-)
Good $1 cookies.\n\nService is not so good, ignore customers, busy chatting with people instead of helping customers.
Bikrim is the best Yoga!
and hire some experience staff and a new : ) friendly manager.
It's what I'd imagine my grandma's cooking would be like...if my grandma were Thai, lived in Madison, and owned a restaurant.
I walked by today - \nwhite sign out front stating:\n\n20% FACIAL\n\n---\njust sayin'
Fun spot - above level dive bar - quality pizza available from NAKED CITY PIZZA ! Drinks, fun, peeps ... Do it !
Great place to grab some Mexican food that's well priced, good portions and full of hungry customers.  Owners are Arizonan locals which always make things better.
Rude owners! Wouldn't recommend as they made their paying guest feel uncomfortable and unwelcome!
Strawberry Shortcake pancakes...awesome!  Just straight up awesome breakfast food.  It's that simple.  Good service, great food, happy stomach.
Called 8 pm on a Saturday, was told in an annoying voice they were not open.  Hours stated on the website indicate they should be open until 11pm.
We got thin crust cheese pizza and cheese garlic bread...... YUM!!!!  SO GOOD!
Most likely place to spot Snookie or The Situation in Kent. My vajayjay feels nice and fresh due to the sheer number of douches.
great clean new location in surprise. The staff are very friendly and bubbly. cool indoor atmosphere.
If your band's name starts with the word \"The\", this is where you want to get your haircuts.
Candice was amazing! So sweet, the place is very nice inside ( much bigger than it appears from the outside ) will be coming back again for sure
Always a good experience.  Friendlyy service and a great price
Ok place for Sun City folks. Too small place, we had to leave once as no chairs. Expect to see super drank people.
It was the best $12 loaf of bread I've ever had. But if is not as good as the $2 loaf you can get in the strip.
Just bought a second car from there last week and that experience was as good as the first. Edgar is still there - ask for him.
Selina is absolutely amazing. I just love her. Best haircut ever. I've never been so happy leaving a salon before. :)
I am LV128 from the University and all i can say is this has changed my life.
Meh, the organic Russet, red and yellow potatoes are why I come here.\n\n#potatoesarelife
First time eating here and our waiter was ozzy. He was super nice and took great care of us. Thank you ozzy!
Excellent customer service. Personalized service and great suits, blazers, jeans, shirts and ties. Also, the tailor was quick and got me going quick. Location is also convenient.
Staff are friendly and helpful
Definitely a see and be seen scene, but it's appropriate in dark, sexy way. Approved.
A dive bar with a Hollywood Theme?  Are you F'n kidding me!?!?\n\nThe promoter books CRAP bands on a regular basis.\n\nWheeeeeeee! Mesa sucks and Hollywood Alley fits in perfectly.
Worked out on the treadmill today and a person started sweating and wiping his sweat all over the controls of the treadmill. Have some respect to others man.
Best help and advise from Ludry. Came here to get my son his dress for prom. Loved the service
Yummy yummy mangonada. It took forever for the ice to melt but the flavors was on point.
http:\/\/m.reviewjournal.com\/news\/las-vegas\/las-vegas-sushi-restaurant-owner-gets-house-arrest-tax-evasion\n\nThe owner got arrested for not paying tax! I will not eat there no matter how good it is.
Crowded, funsies and good music! Me likey!
They have the least expensive fuel in town. You just have to be prepared to wait in line.
Awesome service from Yuhao and Amazing food overall. I would definitely recommend to all my friends.
what up apt 200 you showed these new yorkers\/la girls a great time, shout out to scott and cameron!!!\n\nxo\nthe downtown girls
I used to like Lola until I learned the owner is a sexist pig.  I will never visit again!
This place has gone way downhill since it was Mix: shitty drink menu,  couldnt even make a chocolate martini, and no beers on tap. What are you offering??
Free Vacuum, Clean and en-expensive! Perfect!\nBut Please folk, pull your pants up and turn your flippin radio down, we all don't share your tastes in music or underwear!
Saturday night, 11:30pm, pretty dead.\nTwo drinks = $14.50\nBathrooms weren't working, porta-potties in the parking lot.\nYou get the picture ...
Went there sober, had to leave within 30 minutes because someone put something in my drink....oh and overcharged my credit card. Don't recommend!
This place is so good!!  I would ride a donkey all the way from my place in Phoenix to eat the Donkey Nachos.
Bob Flay's food is so good its worth leaving your husband Ari Gold for!\n\nI had the shrimp tamales, salmon, and chicken salad and pear cactus tea! All Excellent!
Yikes! Unsolicited high pressure \"Interview Reservation letter\" looks straight out the Trump\/DeVos playbook. Red flags all over the play.
Not great. Very empty at dinner time on a Thursday. Odd crowd and wait staff seemed uninterested in our table. Food was pretty meh, will not return
Awful, food is not cooked all the way, seating is too cramped, place is noisy and people smoke outside, will not go back at all.
It's hard for the arboretum to get more than 1 star when taco bells fuck stick employees steal ps4 giveaway codes
いつ来ても結構混んでます。\n今日は兄貴の家族と親戚と全員で7人と2匹で\nディナーでした。\n予想どおり店内はいっぱいでした。\nここは価格の割には食事、デザート、ドリンクのクオリティが非常に高く、私一押しです。\n是非みなさんヘンダーソンに来たらトライしてみては^_^\nあけましておめでとうございます\n今年もよい一年でありますように^_^
This place is horrible.  Rude people. Leave you standing at the counter waiting for 5 mins..while they piddle around with their copy machine.
I was not impressed with the food presentation, the ambiance nor the value of this resturante. I  don't think it will be on my list of restaurant recommendations.
No lite ale beer, no cold wine,  I asked for some lime juice,  and got a look of \"what's that's?\" Last time for this place.
If you love your curry goat with pea rice this place is for you.\nAlso grab some fried chicken it also good.
Dear Scratch,\nYou're amazing. I love your salads, your soups, your quiche and most of all, your dessert case -- it's immaculate. \n\nLove,\nNaomi
The most amazing sandwich in the valley not to mention the staff is so friendly and very helpful. It's my new favorite lunch spot.
Perhaps the only thing wrong with Batch is that they post incredibly tempting stuff on my FB feed every morning.  Yes, I could remove them.  I recommend everything.
5 stars for the cookies and 0 for the cereal milk which tasted like expired ass milk. Would return for the cookies and maybe a milkshake
This place is trash. They're Coyote Ugly wannabes. Low down dirty shame girls. They've got no business in Vegas. They've got no business being in business.
Great breakfast. Fast and cheap, super friendly service. Lots of choices for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Great neighborhood spot for any meal. Be warned, it's cash only.
They do a 2-fer lunch deal and they don't charge extra for brown rice like some of the indie locations of SamSam's do.\n\nNice decor and service.
A true Torontonian knows:\n1. The Jesus Guy at Dundas Square\n2. The witch lady (Sometimes known as Crazy Mary although her real name is Susan apparently)\n3. Zanta
Fancy inside:  lounge area with a tv; kids area with play gound, and tables; and another separated area with a t.v.
Great atmosphere! ! Amazing all you can eat food!!! Beer towers!! & great service!! Thank you Yuhao for everything!!
Awesome ride, quick and efficient helpful and kind. \nThanks Richard D my great driver!
There was a mermaid* swimming in the pool. That is all.\n\n*with a fish tail and e'rythang
Great spot for dinner and happy hour! Our server Kailin was AMAZING! The entire staff was quick and efficient. Great job everyone!
wow! had their XL burger with cheese & bacon.  A BIG, gooey, sweaty, double-fisted mound of awesomeness! Yes, I'm hooked!
Slushy booze?\n\nYeah.\n\nBuy a souvenir cup and you get a discount?\n\nYeah.\n\nCome back here and repeat several times a day?\n\nMe is drunk...
Our new favorite AYCE Korean BBQ spot.  The selections of meat as well as sides\/appetizers is superb.  Definitely going to be a regular here.
Four words - expensive, old people food.  \n\nI wish this place was good because of its very convenient location.  Its just not my kind of food.
What an amazing room! The food was great, the service was spot-on. We were treated like celebrities!
Feeeeh.\n\nThe flavors here taste too artificial for my liking. Location is good. Seating is meant to be unpleasant to make you leave asap.\n\nPass
45 minutes to get the wrong order. 10 minutes seeing how the managers and employees argued about that she did wrong. 15 minutes to get a refund
Chandler MILF central, Scottsdale-lite mall. I like it. Always clean with scenery.
The chicken is garbage!!!\n\nBooooo!!!\n\nI didn't try the donut, because there was only one flavor left, and it looked dry. I\"m not into big doughy lumps.
Felt like the start of a bad porn, \n\n\n\n\n\nOnly thing I was scared of was that one of the females would be raped.
I'm leaving this place feeling very dissatisfied. Also, horrendous service, at $18 per cocktail, I should NOT have to wait 30 minutes for my drink.
Close to the Casino Tower. \nA variety of coffees\/beverages to choose from.\nDecent breakfast options.\nLong lines and wait, usually. \nMediocre price range.
Great location, great view and good food. The customer service is top notch too.
They finally have the Spicy Tofu Soup. Our server Eugene had some great recommendations on #9 and beef tongues.
this place is gross as hell \nthe bathrooms are always filled with people doing drugs rude staff this place is horrible\ngo across the street to freezone or prihannas
Awful food and service.  Waiter kept calling me \"chief.\"  Chips are good but food quality and temperature were very poor. Really disappointing
The lemon shortbread was wonderful! Soft and just a bit more than a \"hint\" of lemon. The flavor was perfect! I would eat the shortbread any time!
Go bananas smoothie\nEggstravaganza- french toast, eggs, potatoes, ham. Loved how the ham was thinly sliced and crispy at the edges. \nHigh rise pancakes- stacked with potatoes and sausages
Best Pad Thai I've had this year. The end.\n\n Go get it!
Excellent Vietnamese food. Love love love the flan. \n\nI got my entire office addicted to this place. We've had food here for lunch several days last two weeks. Yum.
ここに来るのは3回目ですが\nappetizerのクオリティが落ちてます。\nランチ、ディナーのプライスはかなり\nお得でお勧めですね。\nお肉はディナーの物を選べば食べやすいものがたくさんあります。\nお勧めは牛タンです。\nお腹が空いた時に来た方が良いですね。
It's a good place to eat for brunch for sure. Just know the chicken and waffles come with all drumsticks.
Bad vibe. Empty. Bartender (Derk) is only friendly when he gets paid, but has a problem with getting you free water
Delicious food that's made to order! I highly recommend the Boba as well! \nSuper friendly staff and very welcoming environment! I went twice in two days! haha
It's cool, I guess\n\nHow does one review an airport?
The best Korean BBQ in Las Vegas!!!!!! Our server Yuhao is very kindly and helpful!!! Highly recommended!!!!!!
The rice was good , other than that the food was just average. Most notably the tortillas seem packaged. Overall disappointed
Toyota salesmen- Please, Please, please stop carrying clipboards in your back of your pants. It is NOT flattering. Service folks- quit trying to up sell me. Thanks
Very bad environment and they charge for unnecessary things. The people work there are complete racists. If your not white sink person DO NOT go there.
Hi ozzi. Youre the best server. Youre good at your job. Thank you for being patient and a positive server for us. We really enjoyed your company
It wasn't the worse sausage biscuit I've ever had, it wasn't all that fulling either.. I would have gladly chose McDee's over this place again.... Eh... that  is all.
Brian and Laura, I think the world of you two. Please consider leaving BRS's EOS Fitness before they damage your good reputation.\n\n-Ryan
You can't go wrong at McDonald's! This location is very clean, two ordering kiosks, friendly staff and more. Always check the mobile app to save when ordering.
One of my favorite kbbq place! Great service! Especially from Luna she was awesome!! Will definitely recommend this place!
I'm not a huge sweets guy, but the pumpkin cup cake is what I would imagine Jesus would taste like if he came back as a dessert.
A true Toronto classic. The northwest corner of Yonge and Dundas wouldn't be the same without him.
I take it back. This place is fantastic. I think I just sucked at ordering last time. Long live Mon Nan!
Had the breakfast universal!!!!! It was perfection!!!!\n\nHIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!
I would highly suggest avoiding this place unless you enjoy being harassed and discriminated against. This place does not care about its patrons, especially the ones that are trans.
My guy likes cigars and I bookmarked this for him. We stopped in to purchase a couple of cigars. My guy wasn't too impressed by them.
all night lrt service in all directions during stampede? fuuuuck yeaaaaahhhh!
Jimmy is so f*#@%ng talented it's ridiculous. He takes designs beyond the next level... takes his time, AND, will not destroy your nails when taking off gels.
The new location is even BETTER because they are open longer now. If I could give then 6 stars, I would!  I MEAN ALL OF MY SUPERLATIVES!
Free touch ups by the original artist only if THEY agree to it even though it's on YOUR body lol....ok bye.
went in yesterday afternoon around 2pm to grab a Black milk bubble tea with small tapioca. It was awfully watery :(\n\nsad times.\n\nM.
Dany is a very knowledgable mechanic and leads the operations professionally. You can trust their diagnostic. Highly recommended.
This is a beautiful and clean Denny's. The food has always been great and the servers are friendly. Good location to get a bite to eat. Will definitely return.
Best salon in summerlin! Always happy with my hair whenever I leave! Jen does a great job every time.
I hate this place. Overpriced and rude. Pay the price they require, come back days later to get it fixed. Joke. Only one star for their hours of operation.
I tried Grimaldis Pizzeria (located in the Albertson's Shopping Center) with a co-worker one day...food was ok, but the service was TERRIBLE and rude. NOT worth visiting at all.
I like ABC.  It's better than Circle K.  Appreciate the flower shirts and the help.
Horrible customer service with incredibly smug and condescending salespeople, especially Brian S.. I highly recommend going elsewhere.\n\nEDIT: Now their employee, Brian S., continually sends me harassing emails.
Open 11am-9pm. Greek guys doing white broccoli & white shrimp pizzas with buffalo wings, hot & cold subs, calzones, stromboli's, ziti, lasagna, chic parm, spaghetti. Free limited delivery
Awesome beer selection. Bunch of hippies that look like they haven't showered lol great music!!! My coworker says he saw Danny trejo here once lol
This is the strangest airport to me...\nHalf the people are excited the other half looks beaten
Wasn't too impressed with their food. We tried a variety of their rolls and nothing stood out. Sakana's still the best!
DON'T... I repeat DON'T ride the roller coaster after an all-night alcohol induced, think your the best poker player in the world, \"all-in\" bender. Trust me... lol
Had Invisalign done. Wonderful office. Wonderful people. Wonderful service. \nDr Blacker is ultra pro. \nHis staff is awesome. Def recommend. !!
love love love this place. your not waiting hours to get your scripts filled. very knowledgeable and accommodating staff. Been to all 3 locations and they are all great
Fun place to eat while shopping.  There's tons of people and good energy.  Def come for lunch, drinks or appies.  You won't be disappointed.
My wife went there and the large person was very discourteous. This used to be our first choice for service but they forgot who pays their company.
Wendi does a damn fine job of waxing my armpits and legs.  Uhm... there's really not much more to say than that.
If anyone thinks a pizza place will deliver 25km, they are clearly a dumbass lol.\nThe gas costs more than the pizza, dumbass.
walked in at 11pm\nthere was at least 7 or 8 people working \ndidnt even greet us or  at least say hi for 5mins\nhorrible...gg
So helpful and courteous! Quick turn around time. I send all our people here for fingerprinting!
Remembering coming here for concerts and dinner. Been to the buffet a few times. The last concert was for Andy Lau, the sound system was horrible.
The food were great, the service was great. The server called Yuhao was so kind and warm help us to grill the food
The lounge enviroment is ok but there is no air conditioning. Me and both my friend puked after the sheesha.
Recently came back here last week and really enjoyed their new burger! They also have this new cheese bread which is a good appetizer.
Just had a great lunch at Ale House! Our server was Clay who is always polite and attentive to all our needs. A true asset to your establishment.
I wish I could give them 1\/2 a star the manager was unbelievably rude and unhelpful.  Her name is Rachel.  Thanks for nothing Rachel
You'll see more sharks here than in the Pacific. I only come here for the service department, there it's shark-less.
I made the mistake of stopping in for milk. I paid with my knee cap. The store is dirty, which causes a fall risk. Be careful!
Highly recommend buying a car from them, the staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly. They took the stress out of the car buying experience.
This place has the best male exotic dancers in town...and one of them is my BF...and he`s a 9er....
Holy shit, why can't every donut place be so exciting?
This is the best Ruth's Chris restaurant I've visited. The steaks here are always well flavored and super tender. Customer service is also a huge plus
what did you say???\n\nsorry, I couldn't hear you over the noise...
Three words: jack daniels chocolate swirl. I don't like whiskey and I love this. It's caramel, chocolate and jack all rolled into one. Yum.
Shea was my waitress again, how lucky can I be?
Tasted good but was basically just an obscenely overpriced glass of sugar water, chemicals and a little booze.
Place has gone down the crapper!!!  40 min wait for water and nachos???  Sheriff Joe treats his tent city prisoners better!!!
Wow, I have no words.  I kinda felt bad for him.  Not sure if I will get the evil eye now ;(
maple. fudge.\n\nare. you. fucking. kidding. me.\n\nsweet jesus on a biscuit.
Our server Alodia provided great service. Food is fresh well marinated. Great atmosphere for whatever get together.
This place is great, if you're into over-priced drinks, date-rape, and the smell of Preparation H.
Purchased a Beretta 92FS from them and it a great experience. They were honest with great prices and took care of all the paperwork in 20 minutes.
I have sleepless nights craving that deep dish crust. Changed my flight and took a day off of work, so I can stay on Monday for half-off.
Two words:\n\nAlcoholic Milkshake. \n\nDrunken Monkey. \n\nThe Cosmopolitan. \n\nHot stuff.\n\nYes, please!
Cheap eats @LasVegasHilton Great sandwiches,hotdogs and breakfast.\n\nReasonably priced and made to order.\n\nWARNING: the hamburgers are NOT SO GOOD!!\n\nBUT...Deli sandwiches are some of the BEST anywhere!!
He has spooked me on more than one occasion but you got to love his devotion.
Awesome service....always a good service experience.  Top that with a 2008 TLS that is approaching 200k miles and runs like the day I bought it.....go ACURA!
I really like Intermezzo. Lasagne is very fine.\nMenu doesn't really resemble the menu posted on yelp.
I can't believe it. Just a week after I'd been there, the Smithfield Cafe is closed for good...\n\nhttp:\/\/www.post-gazette.com\/stories\/local\/neighborhoods-city\/pittsburghs-smithfield-cafe-offers-a-last-lunch-for-loyal-patrons-638550\/
must orders:\n(*) yellowtail with jalapeno\n(*) miso glazed black cod lettuce wraps\n(*) rock shrimp tempura with 3 different kinds of sauces
Very professional, fast services, friendly staffs and awesome doctors :). You get $50 off if you referring to your friends.
Really fast and easy to get in and out moved in . Really good customer service. Property management is really nice and is very clear on what is expected.
Hour and 45 mins a guy shows up with cold food and no smile.  Called his boss and he hangs up on me.  Reported to BBB and IRS.
Not much to say here.\n\nI used to enjoy this place when they first opened and now...not so much.\n\nFast forward to a few months ago......they are closed. \n\nOh well.
The massage was excellent, but the overall experience was poor. Front desk women were loud and obnoxious. Would not return to this location.
Dope place for late night eats after the club or bar hopping with friends GREAT drunk food..
Very nice place to get Mexican food and drinks. The service is really fast and friendly. I particularly enjoy the chicken fajitas and chips here.
Pretty cool store even though the owner swears too much and only carries High Points.
What the hell? This place is crazy expensive. I consider myself lucky having escaped this hellhole while sustaining only minor fiscal damage.\n\nDoes have a lot of crafts though.
Heard heavy breathing and strange noises coming from the room across mine. Happy ending?  Ughhhhh how embarrassing and uncomfortable
A true perfectionist and professional. Looks amazing. I was able to schedule services quickly and the work was completed fast and above expectations.
私は、ここに来るのは2回目です。前回は5カ月前に来ました。前回来た時の印象がすごく良くて、また私はここに来ました。寿司場のシェフ、サーバーもすごくマナーが良く、私は大満足です。また機会があれば是非立ち寄りたいですね(^ ^)因みにここは食べ放題で27ドルです。
Enjoying some rolls with my honey \nLoving the yellowtail jalapeño - my fav!\nAlso the FREE app on Yelp was the cucumber \/shrimp salad & it was BOMB!
C'mon, people. There are slot machines. In the airport. Who doesn't five-star that? Unless you're in the program, I guess. I'm not.
The older guy here has done a 180 and now likes me better than Amy T.  Mwahahaha.  Slowly but surely I knew he would fall victim to my charm.
Oh boy, furry boots and bottle service. Fake posing unadulterated shite. Heaping mounds of it.\n\nScottsdale deserves the beating it's getting, due to bunk places like this.
Knowledgeable staff.  Friendly.  Inviting.  Warm.  Historic location.  Cigars!!  Wonderful bourbon, whisky, and scotch!  Wine!  Spirits!  Sports on TV's!  Great spot!!
Rude lady. Trying to order was impossible as she walked around carrying order sheets and turned her back to us. I had to leave because of her ignorance
Complete trash and they had my table split our own checks and figure out the tax on it and write it down
Get matzoh ball soup.\nWaitresses call you honey.\nI dream of corned beef.\n\n\nommmmmmmmmm
Their designs are average, nothing special - but I did buy this awesome blazer made out of fabulously soft material for 50% off.  Score!
Cash or Debit Cards only.\n\nCustomers are expected to bag their own purchases because there is no bagger.\n\nGood selections at reasonable prices.
$5.75 yuengling draught. Boobs I can't touch aren't worth that much to me. Only the aesthetics bumped this place to two stars.
Service is always great here!!  Sushi is fresh and not too much rice.  Nice patio, dog friendly and shaded
13.00 for a loaf of bread.   It cracked my veneer off of my tooth.  So add another few hundred to that \nI think I'll stick with \"Breadworks\".
I only want to ask one thing. How is it possible that BK is able to consistently produce the worst French fry known to man kind ?
Depressing place. Old and not so clean. Lots of slot machines. Just kinda gross. Not a fan.
I went to this place and selection was crazy! Prices very good and the nutritionists were very helpful and knowledgeable. Favorite place for supplements vitamins etc
Filled a 10 stamp loyalty card in just over 2 weeks. Upgraded from a regular to a large and I still want more. \n\nI want more. I want more.
Gross, repulsive, appauling, disgusting, overrated, dirty, should be shut down by the CDC.  You get the jist?
Dear LJ, keep getting your beans from Sylvias,  that all she deserves! Oh and she will Charge you for the to go container!
Didn't like it. Over priced. Slow service. Couldn't imagine wanting to eat in the middle of a dance club but it was almost empty.
Competent, Fast, Professional.  They hung our 75\" TV at a very reasonable price and setup our Directv.  I will use them again.
私は今日おやつをここで注文した。\nBBQバゴーンとオレオシェイクを頼んで12ドル弱である。\nPM4時なのにお客がいっぱいだった。\n一つ印象に残ったのはここの従業員は\nとても親切で明るい。\n私はこのスペースがすごく気に入った。\n次回もここに来ようと思う。
The new paint job is hideous. It clashes with the rest of the complex and is now the official eyesore of Town and Country.
Says they open at 4, people\nInside.  They see us standing outside at 4:15 but decide to ignore us.  Guess they don't need any new business.
Staff drinks while working. Gets orders incorrect. Music too loud and staff refused to turn down.
Wonderful ice cream and great work switching to metal spoons!  Good for the environment and for the customers!  YAY!
5 stars! The movers were fast and friendly, and the owner kept in touch to make sure everything was going great. I warmly recommend.
FYI: Erin S. used to work at Lake Shore Animal Hospital and was fired. So take that for what it's worth!
Professional services, friendly staff at the front desk and very clean environment.  We  Star Dental. We have been coming here for many years
Happy to report all family members find Sweet Life delightful!!  Do you think visiting 3 times in 9 days is excessive?
Had a great meal there last week. The Ladkes were crisp and fresh and yummy, and the rye was soo tasty...good job guys, I will be back.
Very poor quality of food. Way over priced for what this place offers.\nThe options are wide but all are of poor quality and the food is not presented nicely.
This is the only place I'll shop at for supplements, pre workouts, etc.. The employees are always so helpful and very friendly.
No public WiFi, and wireless broadband service is terrible. I usually don't care about this at a ballgame, but during a weather delay it was frustrating.
Great service and environment. My gels last 4 weeks!!! I couldn't be happier. They also send out discounts to your email. What a deal!!
Over-priced, pretentious and unfriendly service and crowd. Won't be heading back here again.
This place has everything you cancer lovers need. Plus, no sales tax. Aww yeeahh.
weak ass fucken dancers!!!! Girls didn't even dance on the pole, they just walked around. And $33 for the cover. KISS ME ASS!
Nachos yummy (better than Dona Maria's restaurant nachos)\nChicken soft taco-a winner\nBean Burrito-kids favorite \nFish tacos very good\nCrispy tacos good too.\n\nFriendly service and smiling faces here!\n\nNow where's the Margarita?
I'm not sure what these 2 below me are talking about, I've eaten worse... at 5:30am off a cart in a Tiajuana alley.
Not the best sushi, but good for Chandler, AZ.  Came here during lunch and service was quick and friendly.
Great food, excellent service. The best hookah in town. We love to relax at Layla every weekend.
Great Atmosphere, Great Food, Great Service!! Our server Ozzy was amazing, all smiles!
Very quick, very professional, they make you feel cozy while you are there, and the guy at the front desk was a hoot!
Poor poor Excalibur ... I bet at one time you were pretty cool ... but now you just smell like rotten eggs :\/
This is my new favorite bar. \n\nDark booths. Live music. Dancing. Tasty cocktails. Great bartenders. \n\nDate night, for sure.
Same great sandwiches as their original location.  Not as crowded and plenty of tables to sit and enjoy lunch.
The noodle is too oily, and the Liangpi is not so orthodox.Overall, an ok resto.
The ocean's roaches\nwith lemon and tabasco:\nPretty damned tasty!
The best!! extremely dedicated and friendly. don't be scared of him! next time you see him give him a smile :)
Julian is an awesome server, definitely makes the experience more enjoyable having a server who is on top of it and thoroughly takes care of his guests!
Bought a diamond engagement ring from here. The owner was more than fair and gave us a very nice stone at a great price.
0 stars at Alll. This place is nothing but Shit hole!!, I strongly recommend that please never visit this place. Believe me!!
Awesome pizza - that's what we were here for and that's what we got.\n\nWe won't be here the last time.
Lemongrass ginger chocolate truffle? WHAT THE WHAT?\n\nIt was very delicious, and I'm not really into chocolate.  Service was friendly.\n\nBonus points for the chocolate Eiffel Tower.
No kids allowed thanks for wasting my time and gas Nevada pick a part. Try updating your website.
Good location as far as banks go.  Nice tellers.  See Luz as an account manager.  She will take care of you.
Nice restaurant with an upscale sports bar feel to it. Have a decent selection of beers n happy hour daily. Interesting location n crowd.
Giving  this 5 starts strictly on the panzerotti. It's huge! Lots of filling and even tastes great the next day when we reheat in the toaster oven.
Fast, friendly, does good work, and was not wearing boat shoes. Never trust a mechanic with boat shoes. \n\nWill be back again for sure!
This is far and away the best location. Blend is simply the best.
I love this place. The sushi is always fresh which initially surprised me being in the desert. Definitely recommended.
Amazing food! I definitely recommend the sliders. (The brisket was crazy good)\n\nFriendly service. Fast delivery. Try it! You won't be disappointed.
While placing my order through the DRIVE THRU she asked \"is that for here or to go?\"
Picked up a gift certificate for a birthday present. The staff was helpful and the transaction was quick. Hey, they now do Minions \"bears.\"
There should be more valet... They haven't quite taken over all the convenient parking for other customers.
0 Stars, Highway Robbery. Expensive cover, so- so girls, not hotter than Little Darlings, topless, $17 for a Beer, bank account rape.
The good: Quick service \n\nThe BAD: The food! Had a veal sandwich that was awful tasting and cold.
Move efficiently and quickly! They wrap all furnitures with cotton foam. Would choose it again!
Awesome move!!! Highly recommend!!! You can't go wrong with Dignity Moving!! Daniel was amazing and his crew was awesome!!
Heather is THE BEST. This salon is beautiful, and everyone there is so friendly. Love my hair every time I leave.
sandwiches are good,but this place is filthy. Clean the tables hippies
Simple location.\nStaff was very helpful, suggestive.\nCop at door, don't steal, it's bad.\nBeer,wine...
There was almost no soup in the ramen and way too much green onions... and the waiting was more than a hour after we ordered.
This location is RACIST, I feel embarrassed to even write a review on that topic. The staff made me feel very uncomfortable.
The server handed our son the tip we left her and said\" Give this back to your cheap father \"
Une autre belle réussite de Martin Juneau! On reconnaît son style fin et précis, allant de paire avec la carte des vins!
Fantastic breakfast! Came on a Sunday morning when they were busy, but it is definitely worth the wait.
Back to original owner putting some TLC into the place.  New paint job, lighting, beer selection and specials.  Like what I'm seeing here.
Pricey place with poor service. The counter lady passed over my friend and me and served 2 people behind us. Didn't bother to apologize. Don't bother to come here.
I had to give it one star because the bad service and saggy bread meatballs sandwich I received. I would not go there again!
Food was poor. Nachos were burnt. Waited 50 minutes for check. 1 star is generous. Not sure but I think the ribs were coyote.
Fun roller coaster! It's a little bumpy & not exactly the most thrilling, but the experience of riding through the casino as well as outside is a happiness-inspiring one.
Grade: F\n\nA complete nightmare. Awful food served by stupid staff. Can I get another helping of second-hand smoke with those stupid mini cheeseburger appetizers?
Good food, great service and they have been there since 1980...WTF a business that is still around after 30 years... must be good.
Great service. They close at 9 pm, but squeezed in my pho and com thit meal at 8:45pm for take out.
Pulled up at 9:25 and the dude turned the sign off . It's July 9th and I see that this place closes at 9:30pm .
This place smells like a urinal and bums and druggies hanging out in front. Will never go here and I advise you don't either.
Horrible customer service. Can't believe it. They employed immigrants that cannot speak English.
The line was a mile long, they don't take STARBUCKS GIFT CARDS at starbucks hmmmm and what we usually pay $6 for in Seattle was $9.75. \n\nPASS.
A fantastic customer experience by me from Think It Ink It! Custom T-shirts are their business. Great price, great quality. Fast turnaround. Very easy process!
We have been sold  junk by a sales rep claiming he owns the same garbage. I will never go back to this place.
First time here, Julian was awesome and so was the food! Ayce was a very good variety! Well worth the trip!
This place is trashy, but the music is good. People literally do drugs in public here.
Worst shit I've ever eaten, couldn't even finish then threw up.  AVOID AT ALL COST
Grade: C-\n\nGood food. Lousy service. WAY OVERPRICED martinis @ $10 each. I thought the bat flying around the dining room was a nice touch. Skip this hole.
Seriously one of the best Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas! All of their food is full of flavor. Service is quick and efficient. Definitely worth a try :)
Terry was an awesome waiter. Very attentive and great personality. He recommend a few item on the menu. Which was very helpful. Definitely coming back.
Consumer beware. The rudest people I have ever dealt with. I will never order here again.
Good margharita pizza and service. Located in Caesars and not too expensive. You can't bring in outside drinks though, but they will hold them for you.
Great donuts here!! Also Espolon Tequila, both Silver and Gold!!!
Clean store.  Great prices .  Friendly volunteers .  I spent $24 and came away with 2 bags of stuff I NEEDED . lol
A real board shop. No softball or bike salesmen trying to sell u your skate or snowboard. They got a repair shop too. Longboard selection is awesome.
Start the day right with the SJ Cappuccino.\n\n= )
What a complete shithole!  Sorry....but damn!  The food was nasty in the restaurant and not one person was winning anything.  It also stunk like a huge butt inside!
Still #1 awesome friendly courtesy and professional!! What more could u ever need?! I an really just tickled o\nPink that I found this great place$$$
Great food and great service especially by Julian!  definitely a restaurant to return to!
Tuesday evening, no line. About 7 people in the store. Heard a worker say the cast works 3 weeks and takes 5 weeks off. Must be nice.4 stars
This place hooks you up.\nFifteen bucks for a full tour\nAND THEY GIVE YOU BEER.
what a bunch of jerks\nthey patched my pants with a piece of poor spandex fabric so it unravelled again \n\ndo not recommend
Usually love this place until the last time we were there, all the fish were dead or dying in the fish tank display.....very turned off.
Awesome taco truck spot in glendale.. Tasty tacos, cool lil setting and eating area. I'd eat here again for sure. I wish they had burritos.
Pretty much everything you need if you're in a hurry -- gas, milk, ice, candy.....\n\nThey don't have booze though. You can walk right over to AJs for that though!
Walked into this place not knowing anything and the gentleman that helped was extremely helpful. Loved the delightful customer service. Very knowledgeable staff too!
Meh, it's just a bunch of obnoxious preppie frat boys. I guess I should have known that going to a golf tournament in Scottsdale. No thanks.
The food was alright. Had a Pad Thai and it was too salty. The restaurant is extremely small with no bathroom. Was not impressed.
Loved this place. The steak is awesome and the concept is great. Don't wear a nice shirt though...
I like this Airport . Its got quite a few Restaurants and a Bar. Lots of shuttles to and from. Slot Machines and great people watching.
tables and chairs clean\nfood average - no puking\nweird ass soft rock songs
I came here for the beers at happy hour in the bar only. The bartender was friendly and the beer was good and quite reasonable at prices
Awful coffee, tasted like lightly flavored coffee flavored water. Two small iced coffees were $6, Starbucks doesn't even have balls that big.
Kiu係一間比較upscale嘅居酒屋，裝修和格調也比較高級，價錢也比較貴。\n\nIsshin Red Miso 拉麵嘅口感都幾好，味道都ok。但真係唔明點解要比其他地方貴啲。\n\nSmall 刺身 daily platter $50 有二十幾件其實都算貴。\n生魚片都ok，無乜特別。生魚片旁邊用咗炸脆了但放涼了嘅三文魚腩嚟做點綴。不過以呢個價錢，呢個 class嘅餐廳，啲三文魚腩應該係要新鮮炸起，而唔係一早炸哂成盤放響個壽司吧旁邊。\n\n和牛手羽餃子(stuffed chicken wings) 味道唔夾。可以用難吃來形容，茶餐廳嘅糯米雞翼都好食過佢。\n\nKiu嘅 service都幾好，但菜式嘅味道同 presentation就普普通通。餐廳價錢如果俾人貴，就必需要有過人之處，但係Kiu好似無。\n\n地方其實很大，但是坐位的佈局奇異的狹窄。桌與桌之間的距離少得令你覺得你好似和隔鄰的顧客搭枱一樣。隔鄰顧客的話題，你係可以完全融入。這種距離比起大排檔和茶餐廳還要差。其實假如要模仿日本的平民式居酒屋，這種格局也未嘗不可，不過又要比人貴，真係唔知佢地想點。
I was eating vegetarian and it was amazing. Tuna tartare, Seared Ahi Tuna, jalapeño dip, mushroom mix and the DESERTS ARE AMAZING!!
The most unpleasant and unprofessional person in business I have ever encounter. Horrible experience
pee.  this place smells like it.  the 2nd star is for Gina, because she's good.
Not impressed. Staff was rude and girls were boring
I really like the club ,but it's really expensive and the girls are mean and some kinda gettho.
Empathetic staff, hygienic facilities, timely service and lots of parking. What more can you ask for.
Keep coming to this place and have to say everything is flawless. Great food, juicy fresh and best hookah. Two thumbs up guys. Wish you much success!!!\n\nRoman
This place used to be great but the new owners are running it into the ground. Too bad.
Was really good but lost it goodness. Still friendly but breakfast went downhill. Potatoes really greasy, fruits dry, servers getting order wrong...what happened! Used to be great,
I really like the Downtown Summerlin Macy's. I have had nothing but great service in all departments I've shopped (e.g., cosmetics, apparel, shoes).
City Noth=Westgate=Kierland Commons=Tempe Marketplace=Boring, Depressing, Place Unworthy of Affection
ホテル内にジェットコースターがあり、いつも乗ってみたい！と思いつつ、乗らない･･･。
First time here. Great quality of meat, variety. Favorite Korean BBQ place already. Ozzy ozzy ozzy oi oi oi! He was great :)
Phenomenal service. Food was amazing. Ordered mom a cappuccino and she said\"Best fu***** cappuccino ever\"...... .
All you need to know is BEST Raison Butter Tarts... end of story.  \n \n\nBK
you've never been to Pittsburgh if yunz havent ate here! it's a  Pittsburgh landmark....the fries the best, a sandwich with coleslaw, phenomenal!!!! p.s vinegar and fries!!! try it!!!
This is impressively tasteless. I adore Chinese food but this place is really unacceptable, not even mediocre.
I just read the owner comment to my review & lowered to 1-STAR. The worst customer service!!
Old person central... I didn't eat here though. Just walked in and right back out a few min later. Just wasn't feeling this place.
Bianca did my make up for my brothers wedding she was very sweet and did my make up just how I liked it!! Thank you so much!!! Xoxo
Great time and good music. \nFood the best ever. \nRib eye steak wowwwww.\nYou must must go....
i got the worst hair cut here!!!!!\n\nthey are a one trick pony
The food was good, some meats were great but others were kinda eh. The atmosphere is nice and shoutout to Julian for the amazing service. Definitely would come again.
Nice place!? I was pleasantly surprised how many men bought me drinks.
I love Heinen's. Great beer\/ wine selection and an AWESOME prepared food selection. I looooveee half off sushi Wednesday's
The service was lousy. Server kept scratching her armpits and body without washing her hands and served foods minutes later.
Great Improvement! I love the pork...Was put in PA and had to stop by after seeing this place on TV.
I love this place! Great food and ambiance, not too expensive. Great service! I would recommend the shawarma rap. It is amazing!
Drove by, saw the line and how small the place was and just kept on driving!
Average... with average service... I am never impressed... Verizon Wireless does just enough to not make me angry and thus keep my business
Delicious food for a reasonable price. They do lack on the veggies though. Chipotle aioli is yummy.
Now that's a sandwich! \n\nThat's all I have to say, but Yelp is making me write words, words, words to fill the page.
It's Walmart.\n\nThis location is always super busy.  Always long lines at the registers and tying to use the self checkout is a recipe for disaster.
My waiter was stoned (slow gait, slanty eyes, forgot an item I ordered).  Food was not spectacular.
Best Sushi I ever had in Toronto. Highly recommend signature plate, Momo San Roll and Ebi Oahu Sushi. Drinks are also fantastic, definitely recommend Momo Sour and Gari.
This TJ Maxx consistently has a great selection of purses.  Shoes, not so much.
Coffee is ok, but the place is way too small, stuffy, humid, with overwhelming smell of coffee (NOT in the good way).
Good food \nGood music \nGood service \nAll goooodddddddd.........\nI love it....\nThis restaurant is so good ...\n#1
I found a giant cockroach in the shower. \n\nNEVER. AGAIN.
Terrible assistant manager, failed to bring included item with meals and he was rude beyond belief!
Jamie was amazing today and provided great customer service and a great positive vibe. Also her food recommendation was great for our group.
Wonderful food. Fast service. They manage the flow in and out so well. The food is tasty with a great variety on the menu.
Waited 25 mins for 1 burger and Tots, came out cold and soggy. Terrible service, mediocre food. Do not recommend for quick lunch or good food.
The clothes are a lot less risque than the name implies...good selection of clothes though
This place smells really bad. Like, really really bad. Like there's rotten cheese in there that hasn't been cleaned up properly. My eyes hurt after leaving this store.
I am updating this begrudgingly to say that they have pants here that actually fit me.
I waited over 2 hours to eat here.  Definitely not worth that long of a wait.\n\nI also got carded when ordering their Thomas Kemper Root Beer. WTF
More hype than anything...\n\nDon't get me wrong the cupcakes are good and all however...\n\nThere shouldn't be a \"scene\" when ordering cupcakes for christ's sake. \n\nFriggin Scottsdale ruins everything.
I rent here often.  The staff is always so nice.  JOE has helped me the last few times and has been awesome.\n\nTHANK YOU DOLLAR
You just have to love an airport with slot machines!
Very good big sandwiches. But the employees act like they want to die. They should smile more.
It is just a fast food joint in a nasty food court that serves their food on styrofoam!
Nice mall. Clean, cool shops, good choices in the food court. You know what would have been really helpful? A directory. Yeah. Directory would be good.
Wow this place has gone down hill! $7 Bloody Mary's. Outrageous. And not that good. \n\nAll the food is INCREDIBLY expensive.
Have some really talented stylists, but I hear the management is kind of scary...? They seem to have a lot of staff changes.
Good food. Decor not gonna get you laid.
This place is such a bore I drank myself sober. Just like the other review, the bar tender did not know how to make our drink. One and Done.
Beautiful location unfortunately: worst wine I have ever tried in my life. Not even tolerable.
The place is very nice, the food is GREAT but they are a little pricey....
Oh god. Yes.\n\nThe Pho Tai here is pho king incredible.\n\nBest in the pho king Valley.
Greencare did a great job with my backyard and completed in a timely manner. Definitely recommend this landscape company.
They take so so long here to get a loan and seems like everyone here is new, have no clue what there doin.
People working are nice enough. Might have stayed in longer if they were playing music instead of Sean Hannity.
Ozzy is perfection. Best server ive ever had. He gave me my first macaroon bless his soul.
Love their food especially the japanese curry! They also have macha greentea which buy often before.going to school! And i love what they done with the place!
Very nice inside, like most Christies locations. Big stage in center. Private rooms are also nice. Location is safe and convenient. Some good looking girls too. Definitely worth visiting.
I'll keep it short and sweet... Love the outdoor street-cart style. Quick, friendly, delicious!!!
i prefer this place over chandelier at the cosmo. good music, lots of room, nice friendly bartenders and room to dance and have fun.
Be prepared to choose between nutella crepes, cookie butter french toast and spam scramble!
This was such a fun family outing and the owners were so nice. Great treat for our vacation. It is a good workout.
Nice staff.....starters were totally tasteless.....main courses were pretty bland and not spicey at all....not the worst Indonesian food I've ever eaten but not good enough to eat there again.
Yummy food, friendly service,  super chill ambiance,  & tasty hookah! :) AND late nite hours!!
The staff was friendly but I'm wildly disappointed with the food. I got my to-go order and it was just a bunch of mush.
Where simple syrup knows no bounds!\n\nCan you add simple syrup to a Manhattan? To just any drink?  You'll find out here! (The answer is, sadly, yes).
my new go to place! excellent variety and super friendly staff. a wonderful addition to greektown. my favorites are le lyonnais and croque monsieur!
Lalalallaaaalooove this place!Always looking forward to coming back! Both the customer and work is incredible.
In the heat-a, you can't beat-a\nTheir mango margarita.\nAnd holy fricken moly,\nThat's some tasty guacamole,\nOh me-oh, oh my-oh\nPass me the pico de gaillo.\nThe only thing that's bad-io?\nSquishy little patio.
If you haven't been to Sweet Republic lately, GO NOW.  Before they say goodbye to key lime pie.  And the malt & waffle, so good too!
I am giving this place the full five stars!!! Fruit was fresh coffee was good eggs were perfectly cooked and dog friendly for\nReal nice big patio and great toast
Great place for after work drinks!!!  Went with my team last Friday for drinks and apps and will be going back again tomorrow!
Well It's the strip ENOUGH SAID!
I always love to eat here it feels like home, good food, very friendly staffs.you have to try the smoothies they are good.
The standard bearer for Scottsdale Breakfast Eateries. Outstanding food, service, value.  Over 40+ visits with absolute consistency.
Stopped in a venti quad carmel macchiato with soy before heading off to do some training.  Starbucks is as Starbucks does and my drink met my expectations.
I got a salad. *Slaps forehead* \n\nTasted hubby's burger it was phenomenal. \nNext time I'm getting a burger.
Horrible customer service, food is mediocre. Girl taking orders is extremely rude and unprofessional. Would not recommend.
Get a pastry! They are that good.\n\nDon't mind the compostable packaging! The loudest plastic you'll ever encounter.
DO NOT STAY HERE.......unless you are buzzed before you check in. VERY ROUGH place! Lol
Pie. Go for the pie. Everything else is OK. But did I mention the pie is really good? Mmmm... pie.
I loved Cabrillo. it was cheap to live there! but amazing. decent apartments and quiet!
Be prepared to wait the huge line outside and accept over the roof prices.
Hamachi, jalapeno and cilantro sashimi... with special soy sauce. \nOMG.\n\nThe staff... sorta snippy. \nThe price - astronomical.
Yes, the beers and wings are good, but why not splurge and pump some heat into the bathroom.
If you're willing to wait 20 minutes to be greeted and then half an hour until your drinks arrive, then this place is for you!
For some reason everything time I come through the drive threw, they are slow and rude. Wonder what's happening inside smh
Oh boy, was it painful...\nYes, I appreciated the fit bodies of performers...\n\nBut the weird sound and small theater were pretty annoying.\n\nI couldn't wait for the show to be over.
Whenever I bite into a burger I want it to taste exactly like the burgers at Lobbys.   Nuff said.
So fucking disappointing no children allowed...if my children are not wanted here then I don't want to be here. Such a shame. Booooooo
Go to Freeds. Out of donuts and machine was down. They could of at least put a sign on the door.
I survived Dufferin Mall today. Something about this mall makes you just run home and need to wash your body
Worst Indian I have ever had which was confusing since it was recommended. Spices and naan was flavorless. Service was horrible. I will never return again.
Salted cheese foam is their specialty. Got it with a green tea. Thought the drink was really refreshing and I could actually taste the salted cheese.
I've seen him buy meals for homeless people. Makes me like him.
Terrible terrible terrible.... These people are racist and awful customer service. Star away!
Kinda pissed, they won't let me us my coupon because I'm seating with another couple? We had two separate bills and ordering our own food?????? Bast@rds.......
Mikado is a wonderful little sushi joint. I highly, highly, highly recommend the caterpillar roll, miso soup, chicken teriyaki and vegetable tempura. Everything is very tasty.
standard starbucks\nlong line bc its next to convention center\nstar trek convention-  super long
Kailin was very attentive and gave us superb service! Food was awesome and our experience was worth the 5 stars. Will be back again!
Went there for lunch. Loved the server but food is tasteless and bland. I don't see the value for what you get.
Went outside for 10 minutes to make a call and a bartender who just changed shifts took my half-full beer off the counter without asking. Not going back
Huge array of books. Store is clean, staff is friendly and the location is decent. This store manages to book top level talent. Prices are not too bad either.
These guys put their heart and soul into this place. Cool place for drinks and games. Great choice for a team builder event.
I love the food but consistently disapointed by the service.\nI go here when I want to be left alone....bc I know I will be. \nFood is always yummy!
Best hookah place I've been to so far. The service was great the hookah was great, good vibes. I'll definitely come back :)
Unfortunately my two friends were sick after eating their lunch.  I was OK but they said it was too spicy.
I was there this week....the food was amazing!!! Very nice atmosphere ... Nice music , defiantly be a regular spot!!!\nMust visit.
YUM YUM YUM and $$$ i don't feel that i need to say much else.\n\nexcept get the monte cristo, the bacon and french toast and more bacon is amazing.
confusing airport when one lands and needs to take the tram to the baggage claim. why aren't there clearly marked signs??
Quick and easy! Bill was super nice, friendly, funny guy. Definitely recommend this place!
The beer selection was so incredible that I threw up in my friends mouth.
Salad gave me food poisoning and when called them to notify them, they blew it off.  Haven't been there since.
I am a fake but you are posting false messages from Yelp?!  Steve you really need to find some decency and integrity and be an honest working person!
Delicious!! They have the smoke flavor down perfect!! Also very nice people! Will definitely be a regular buyer!
Elaine is beyond amazing! She's quick and always meets perfection. I have tried others and no one compares. I adore her and always want to come back for more!
One star for the bitching of pouring Sierra Mist to your 2 year old baby's bottle. I can't share my drink with my kid? fu
Joe was such an attentive server. He was incredibly nice and quick too! Awesome experience!!!!
Delicous.  Had the Lawry cut which was awesome.  I really liked the Spinach and Creamy corn sides.  The bread was great too.  I liked it better than Mortons Steakhouse.
Be careful when you order the tikki Marsala, I had found feathers in the sauce... I'm not coming back ..
Ozzy is the man....ask for immediately\nBest server...koreena brings a smile on to my  face
The mini burgers here will be the death of me.
A brand spanking new grocery store with a tavern inside that has 36 different beers on tap. Could a grocery store be better than this?  I think not.
Small, quaint and plain looking place.  \n\nI actually searched it out after reading it was open.\n\nWalked in and ordered a decaf americano.  \n\nThey \"ran out\" of decaf.\n\nWalked out.
Love this place! Hands down the best dry cleaners in the area. The owner Van is also super sweet.
Wack meat, wack pita, TERRIBLE babaganouj, wack workers, wack place. \nI don't know what the hype is about ‍ unless you have no taste buds. \nWill never go back.\nNever.
I usually order the \"throw some sh*t in the bag\"...because thats what I get every time I go here...never ever the correct order...
My fav fast food place and always consistently great!\n\nChicken is fresh, flavorful and moist. The waffle fries are scrumptious!!\n\nIt's my kinda place!!
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh I love this place\n\nMy boyfriend who hates sweets even loves this place\n\nSalted butter caramel... yum.\nHoney yogurt...nonfat... YUM\n\nI love it.
I was told that I had the wrong number when I called to confirm the tour.  This was not cool.
Yuhao gave great customer service as our server. I will definitely come back and strongly recommend Gen Korean bbq the go to place.
Blech.\n\nYogurtland wanna-be.  And not a very good one at all.\n\nToo sweet.  Kind of chalky too.\n\nSorrry, Yogurt In.\n\nI'm Out.\n\n;'\/
Best staff you'll come across.   Neighborhood friendly.   Good people.   MUCH Better than typical bar food.  Billiards and darts a plenty!   Ice cold taps.  I recommend\"racer IPA\".   Super cute bartenders!
Just. Called no longer open to locals unless you buy a cabana. They don't like locals it's just a lame slogan.
They serve fresh squeezed (real deal) orange juice and serve a delicious breakfast. This place is off the charts
DON'T COME HERE SOBER!  That is all.
Cashew brittle, almond brittle, bacon brittle!  Go now, before it's too late!
Very friendly staff. The cook even came out to see how we were doing. Boba tea is to die for and red chicken curry tasted fresh and delicious.
Both the meal as a whole AND all of its component parts were Unbelievably Delicious.\n\nBest falafel plate in the city? Or (dramatic pause) Best Falafel Plate Ever?!
The salon is clean and the stylist was pleasant.\n\nBut after several weeks post hair cut, I have triangle head.\n\nSigh.\n\nI give up.
pretty cool dive...good drinks,food and if the mood strikes a BJ next door at the bookstore...
Ate there last night ...................\n\n     **********BLAND**********TASTELESS*********OVERPRICED********** \n\n     Don't believe me.........They're waiting for you
Julian was such a great server. Refilled all the side dishes and service was excellent.
It's straight garbage. The GM is a tool. Pissed I signed up. Gonna cancel after first payment comes.
Grade: B\n\nGreat food and prices. The snooty, Trust-Fund Liberals sitting at the bar are a bit much.
Like most on yelp I really wanted to like this place..food is super bland,staff super rude.what a waste of historical space.something good awesome and delicious needs to be here!
This update only needs two words:\n\nNutella calzone.
Library is closed. Happy Fathers Day! Still have to study for summer midterm tomorrow.. So this is a good place to study..
Best Indian food ever. For years. Used to be Royal Taj, same ownership different name. Don't ask. Just eat. AMAZING!
Great place. Great food. Great people ... We ordered kabab and shawarma was great . Really recommend .
They have no idea how to poach an egg. My eggs Benedict came with nearly hard boiled eggs. Also, terrible coffee.
I have two free meals here and can't seem to bring myself to going. \n\nAnyone want to try it risk free? Pm me and I will arrange the details.
Love this place. We need one on the west side.  Great OJ and love the veggie hash and the savory crepes.
Excellent selection of quality sushi and other Japanese foods. $18.95 for adults. The ramen and udon and soup was great. Will definitely come back if in the area.
An entirely abysmal experience.  Missed deadlines, horrible network performance and some of the worst customer service I've ever received.
Worst regional trend ever. Ground beef chili with cinnamon. Yuck. Cincinnati trash. Best left for 10 year old Food Channel reruns hosted by the dude from Double Dare.
food is awful, place is too noisy and cramped seating.
Excellent place,, food, and service.  The beef bulgogi was great and lisa made sure our experience with this restaurant will make us come back again with more friends.
One word: DELICIOUS.\n\nHonestly, what more can I say that hasn't already been said.  Go. It's incredible. Fresh. Delicious. Amazing. I left full and very, very happy. :)
Very delicous meats and seafood! Our server Yuhao was so helpful and on point with our orders! Defn recommend this place!
Room's hot. They moved us to another room in the same tower (East). Not sure if I just had too much carbs, but it's still hot.
Wonderful selection of High Quality Stone; Super-friendly Sales Service.
We really like shopping at this Costco.\n\nGreat product assortment\nGreat location\nGreat prices\nGreat service\nGreat people\nGreat food\nGreat gas prices\nGreat return policy\n\nand their rotisserie chicken is darn good too!
It was even more fun than expected, more to see! Just check out my pictures to see what l mean!!!
Kicked me out for wearing a wife beater! I'm glad I don't live on this side of town, fuckin snobs
The owner approached to me and said that I was sitting  there too long, though I was the only customer!\nAlso said that I used the bathroom for too long!
Arrived to this airport safely\nGot bags from baggage claim in a reasonable time\nFlew home safely\n\nThat's a good day.
- sick selection of new and old at great prices\n- can easily eat up an afternoon just browsing around in here\n- sorry chapters, you lose.
A State agency.  I have worked for 4 agencies and this is one of the best.  Caring and compassionate management and friendly coworkers.
Food and service is unacceptable. But you can enjoy dining with twitchy vagrants that may eat your leftovers for you.
May be my new local dive bar. It looks upscale but the people make or a dive bar. They pour heavy. Oh the kitchen, it's open till 1:30
Newton studies here,\nNewton eats here,\nNewton fills up his water bottle here,\nNewton drinks good Starbucks here,\nNewton have Panda Express and Metro Pizza here,
In for a late dinner on Friday night and 3rd time was also a charm. \n\nYeaaaa for K.K. :)
Disregarded my question that I had and hung up on me. Could have been professional about it, ended up just being an asshole. Terrible Service.
Excellent staff,  felt very comfortable and my 12yo liked it here also.  Was highly recommended and I will recommend to others
Well one star would be harsh but I AM TEMPTED. It's Christmas so 2 stars. MEDIOCRE food. Terrible service. nuf said.
Garbage! Bad customer service .Rude people! food is expensive not the quality for the price. Would give it one star but I gota say the Horchata is pretty good
Ordered a sausage egg mcmuffin this morning. Got home. No egg. On a friggin egg mcmuffin. Mctarded.
I love this place! The food is amazing. Music is fun. Love this hip hookah lounge. I come at least three times a week. I highly recommend it!
Jennifer and Jerry are awesome! Super friendly and no problems when i moved out! You get to use their truck for moving in!
Fierce drag performer. Brunch. Make your own bloody mary bar.  Yes. Oh hell yes.
This place is pretty gross. Great location and my pickup food was ready quickly, but it was very unnecessarily greasy\/oily without tasting any better. Not gonna come back here
Thick crust, fresh toppings, great service! Delicious spinach salad, but super fatty and gross buffalo wings.
Zero. Worst strip club in Vegas. Would rather give money to homeless people and watch them strip.
Naked children in the street, bike wheels are too big. Lady at the door looks like she's gonna cry.
it was a great program very good teachers great staff very personal i love it ! i found a great career by choosing LCB
Simply the best radio station in Phoenix for news and information!  Love their lineup.
Poor customer service. Ordered a watermelon smoothie but requested of I could change my order- they charged me for both since both drinks were made.
Great place! The open bar is awesome, and the live entertainment and parties are a blast. I believe the place is cash only, so\ncome prepared.
A great place for freshman and sophomores to cure a hangover. The omlettes at the G-spot are quite good.
Black Label cans and good juke box..Im sold.  Tuesdays is hipster veggie taco night...bring your skinny jeans and 10 speed...
Dreadful. \n\nBoring, overpriced food, obnoxious servers, and creepy management. Caught the owner lewdly gazing at my girlfriend. Not my favourite dining experience!
Chocolate?  Handmade?  AND beer?  Crafty and unusual? AND wine?  AND pink, fuzzy, glittery, and shiny things everywhere?\n\nHell yes.
Average shoes for average prices.  They won't have the shoes you wanted, but maybe they'll have the shoes you'll settle for.
Excellent delivery service, ask for Myles
Drinks were terrific and the atmosphere is relaxed, I really enjoyed myself.  The bartender was a bit pompous but other than that it is a fabulous place!
Wow Mothers day and I get to spends do far 28 minutes in the drive through and I am 3 cars from the mic to order..seriously. .. wow
I'm very sad to see this place go. Good luck with your ASU location.
If someone is wearing an item of ed hardy clothing, it means that person is nothing more then human garbage.
it's mr. \"bee-leef in the lord\"!
Boba is the same where we go, not much to say but the bubba is good ! Enjoy there's more than boba there's ice cream
Very friendly and fast service. Staff is extremely pleasant. Spacious and well-organized.
Some customers treat the produce area like a free buffet.
Won back $65 at the $10 blackjack table in this casino the next day.\nWOO HOO.
The World Needs More Canada. Seriously.\n\nIf you can't find the book you're looking for in this store it probably doesn't exist.
Stopped in here to take a piss on my way to Commonplace Coffeehouse. Bathrooms were clean!!
This is a place that people say \"has the best doughnuts\" but I thought it was just average. Not much flavor to them sadly.
I don't care what anyone one says.  McDonald's is Great.  There is nothing better than their cheese burgers and fries. Not to mention an Egg Mc Muffen for breakfast.
Christina, sam and Lisa was helping us ! This place is the tofu hut killa ! I will come back here fur sure !
Just had a deep tissue massage with Rosie for a nagging problem.  She is excellent!  I would recommend her in a heartbeat.  Great massage at an affordable price.
The service was horrible. The waiter bring me my Bloody Mary drink and spill it on me.
Poor experience, tuna roll is a rip off for 6.50. Even if you request for canceling the order they wont accommodate. Thanks for an awful birthday experience.
Van's cleaners is absolutely the best we have ever experienced she does superior work and is always on time\nThe attention to detail is phenomenal
Hands down the worst food that has ever been in my mouth. Service and Servers = LOSER CENTRAL. Hope the place turns into something cool in the next year.
I absolutely love this place :) I'm an extremely picky eater and the staff here is always polite and accommodating. The waitresses are super friendly and gorgeous!
Honestly this place has the worst sushi I have ever had.....short staff, fish not fresh, rice was too hard
Worst experience ever!!! The working stuff was really rude and even asked me to f*ed the shut up when I was ordering because I didn't NOTICE he was busy.
This place reeks of shame and cigarettes and suffering. Here for a conference and won't return if  it's in Vegas again.
Sadly this location is closed.  Darn you Del Taco Bell eating mutha effer's.
My new breakfast spot. This place is the real deal, the food is outstanding and so is the service. Try the cheese grits.
Been a member for a year now. Very happy.  Service is excellent.  Staff is always friendly and helpful. Raza is an excellent therapist. I highly recommend him.
Dang good food.  Delicious cocktails.  Sexy, retro setting.  What's not to love about Hanny's???\n\n\n(Oh yeah, that weird red lighting in the bathrooms.  There is THAT.)
The dudes who work here are too busy being rad to be bothered with customers.  The staff at Bicycle Haus is much more friendly and helpful.
The best place to go for breakfast PLUS they have fresh O.J!\n\nDr. Michael L. Johnson
We very much appreciate their promptness, attention to detail, and professionalism. It made the move more 'fun'. Thank you Lynn and Daniel.
The food is good, the service is friendly and attentive.  Chick-Fil-A is SO gay.
DO NOT GO! Horrible experience if your not an Asian shopper they looked at me really disgusting and all I was doing was shopping there horrible horrible experience
Walked in here asked for price for .223 rounds...dude flat out ignored me and didn't even acknowledge me. Continued to talk to his friend looking for rifle. Wtf.
Yeah, okay, the girls are pretty. So what? I just paid $14.50 for one drink. I must be an imbecile because i paid. I will not be back.
It's a Starbucks. I loitered here for an hour with a cup of their coffee. No one kicked us out. It was good.
Artsy\nDecent price\none of the worst haircuts of my life.\nYou will not see me there again.
this place has a decent patio in the summer.  the atmosphere is pretty good.  service is attentive and friendly.  unfortunately, beer selection is minimal and please avoid the food.
If I could rate this place and give it NO stars I would. The burgers are NOT good unless you like sloppy and soggy.
I've been shopping here for years through all their changes and expansions, and I love the variety of products they carry and prices are always great. Keep it up!!
Love coming here!!!   Food is delicious and prices are reasonable for all you can eat.   Great service.   Our server Ozzy was very friendly and on top of everything!
Super knowledgeable staff. She knew exactly what was in stock in my fiancé's size. She was really friendly and accommodating. Prices couldn't be best. Definitely a happy customer.
You were closed for \"repairs\" but what you should fix is my broken heart. I am usually excited for the KK lights, but only darkness, sadness and shame.
$30 for two people to eat \"In n Out\" quality burgers in a \"Chipotle\" atmosphere. Rip off. Save your money
This place is a hit or miss. \nMy favorite is the cornflake cookies and crack pie. Everything else is either too salty or overwhelmingly sweet.
Loved it so much !!! Can't wait till we come back and try all the other choices of broth!!
Our server, Luis, gave us great service! I would come back! Very kind, helpful, and easy to communicate with. His service made the experience that much more enjoyable.
I got charged for a side of ranch. Customer service not the best either. Not coming back.
If your American do not waste your time and money here. Americans are treated like second class, no respect! Stay clear.
Excellent pharmacy that specializes in personal care and compounding. \n\nWill accomodate all your pharmacy needs with free delivery in downtown Toronto.
The atmosphere, clientele, and selection of toppings. This place is a hit!! My dentist may not approve but my Tum Tum does!!
Seriously, though.  It's $20 for a basic-ass 12-inch cheese pizza.
The place is closed for good. Health code violations up the ying yang.
$5 all you can eat 2 week old Chinese leftovers.  Or that's what it tastes like anyway. Yummy.
Thought we'd give them another try. Slowest jimmy johns ever. 45 minutes later and still not here.
My favorite eyebrowsrus in Vegas. I love the way the lady here shapes my eyebrows and it's only $7. Defiantly my go to threading place.
Extremely slow service everytime I come to this location. \n\nNot acceptable considering what they charge.
Not bad.  Good wait staff.  Quick service.  She is carrying a gun.  I would too if i worked on Van Buren.
They have a nice selection of books, videos, gifts, and apparel. The price is about average. This store is good for special occasions such as Baptism, confirmation, weddings, etc..
One word: MOONSHINE.\n\nIt's all you need to get drunk enough to pass out mid afternoon and do a bunch of crazy shit you'll never remember.\n\n'nuff said.
Reeereee good food!  Me rikee....arot!
Good, fresh food, attentive service, at a great price!
$83,000 for scorpion sting treatment??  Go to hell Chandler Regional. This is what's wrong with our health care system, Hospitals raping the sick for insurance money. Disgraceful.
Oh BP's, how I loathe thee... can I count the ways??
They do not offer snow removal service as implied on Yelp but a good place to go to buy a quality Mower etc.
They are charging me with disorderly conduct for stopping a fight between 2 females. I can't win!SMH
At this McDonald's they serve McDonald's food. It will completely satisfy your expectations. Who reads Yelp reviews for McDonald's?
They r no longer have the happy hour anymore, and they charge 2 dollars for water in the glass.
Oh my god, people still stay here?  What hobos? Traveling circus folk?  How could you book this place.
Horrible service. Incompetent wait staff. Food was nothing to talk about. Definitely won't be back or recommend to anyone.   Here's a photo of the staff. During their shift.
Almond Buttercrunch.  Fifth star worthy.
Unprofessional sales behaviour, lack of vision... not a place one wants to deal with.
Does anyone know their hours? Are they still in business? No website and no answer when I call on a Saturday morning.  Thank you.
Jerks ran outta pizza last night. Couldn't get my zaa fix. To Corey... Thx fatty. Hahahah.
Eh it's good I guess. I really wasn't a fan of the menu. And the prices weren't that appealing.
So for breaking my couch and losing my box that contained my Itouch..Im getting $63 dollars! NEVER USE CARDINAL MOVERS..EVER!!!!
Birthday cake truffles!!! Delicious!!!!! So soft, sweet and perfect bite size. \n\nI want to try the crack Pie next....can't wait to go back!
The best popcorn ever!  Caramel Crisp is my favorite.
It's official Mbrgr is closed for good. It seems that gouging customers on substandard food is a great way to go out of business.
Lost my tire center cap, broke my radiator hose. Nice work otherwise.
One of my favorite places!  Great patio during \"patio season\".  Great drinks and friendly staff.  Always friendly and interesting food.
I agree with Dan.\nI'm not a fan.  \n\nThis maybe a good place for a sushi novice, as many of their rolls to contain Krab!
Sunday Jazz Brunch!  We received great service.  Great music. Great views!
I LOVED IT! \n\nAny place with a stellar beer menu, Betty Page look-alike bartender's and paintings of naked ladies all over the walls is A-FREAKIN-OK with me!
Open til 11pm and they are on point with service!!! Thanks ladies for doing me a solid and getting me in late as well!
Good but very expensive. The food is good. But not worth the price. We have cheaper and better options like Giacomos.
Came here for the first time and I am very impressed Ozzy was awesome! I will definitely come back :)
Always a place I MUST visit when I'm in town. My go-to's: cashew chicken, beef and broccoli, fried rice. The white boy Chinese selection :)
This was pretty horrid\nConcomitant with hotel downgrade to Double Tree . Greasy rewarmed second rate. Totally to be avoided. Help Mother!!!
Waste of money, food was terrible and that nasty guy that takes your order has anger issues.\nWill not be back to this place.
First time here..and was pleasantly surprised! They are the nicest people ever!!! I think I found my new nail shop in the southwest area!!
Meh. At least the drinks were strong so you would be drunk enough to buy a lap dance from a relatively clean girl.
Delicious burgers, GREAT atmosphere, and the cutest dang hidden jewel in all the land!!!!
Total excessive use (waste?) of my membership fees for an over the top airport lounge to keep out the hoi polloi.\n\nI f'in luv it.
Ghetto place, ghetto people, ghetto service.  Just go to spearmint or rhino.... Don't even try here
Just paid $20 for an $11 dollar haircut and had to hear the \"f\" word more than I do on my jobsite (construction)
I feel silly admitting this, but the only reason I was in the Excalibur was for their buffet.\n\nYep.
I went here this weekend (june 27).  the food was super affordable and the washrooms was clean.  i would definitely go back.
Ozzy is the best server ever he need a raise\nGotta try the strawberry yogurt Soju\nDefinitely coming back soon
Michael Honea is a saint.
Had a bad experience with a trainer, but appreciate and respect Fred for his apology and will be giving his gym a chance in the future! Thanks Fred!
Amazing how long he's been on this corner (Dundas and yonge), also amazing he's on yelp.\nDepending on your mood ,he can be humorous or annoying. Often jarring to tourists.
Dishonest Establishment. Waitresses are shady; stripper shady. Always check your bill.
Terrific, affordable food and beverages at this newly opened restaurant. Ask for Yuhao to be your server. They were delightful and completely accommodating in every way.
Came here with 2 friends, the place looks nice but the food is way below average and over priced, and the service was very bad.. will not come back
My BIL just graduated from AI.  We visited this past weekend and everyone was super nice.  They let us tour the campus, we saw some very interesting work.
The please sure big time and same as for the music. The DJ always take about himself. DJ this, DJ that, he just talk too way much.
Amazing barbecue!  The chicken was phenomenal!  The sides are delicious... particularly the mac n cheese and the bbq beans!  We will definitely be back again!
Absolutely one of the best doughnut experiences in Las Vegas. Fresh treats daily- Friendly staff.
Hey Starbucks - if mobile order isn't working how about telling folks so they don't just stand around. This is second time in a week. Bad service -
Yup, I just confirmed it:  They fill regular prescriptions there just like other drug stores.  And its actually a pretty nice little place.
Customer service here was amazing! Food was great ! Seong and Mizzo were really friendly. We will definitely come back soon!
Great place to grab coffee and chill alone or with friends.  Across from the Phoenix art museum.
My favorite Airport Ever!  Probably just because it is in Vegas!  But seriously, I like the layout, the food options and the the staff is always friendly and helpful.
Horrible managers, plenty of broken promises. Don't even think of trying out this place..
Horrible meat. It's brown not pink. It has zero flavor.  If you go to Texas de Brazil then here you will be super disappointed.
They are like robots because they have no human compassion and see everything in black and white.
Was one of the dirtiest stores I'd ever been in....the produce was awful. ...people here seem to think dirty is good
Pretty average food. Heard It was so great but no different than a Perkins or Village Inn.
Went back and got \n\n1. Salted Caramel  \n2. Meyer Lemon \n3. 2 bags of bacon brittle to take back to the homies
Elaine is by far the best!! Thanks for being great for 5 years and counting!! See you in 2 weeks!!
Food Was great! I loved The spicey octopus! \nThanks ozzy for that wonderful service!!
Been waiting for two hrs... There has to be a better system! No order. If you haven't been here before... Bring a snack!
So this place sucked. Super overpriced sandwiches. Owner was nice as can be, but the product was just really underwhelming. #dumpymurals #dumpmeals
I think I ate a dead dog mixed with mayonnaise.\n\nIf you miss mystery food from Public School days, then this is your place.
Originally Mr C's but still owned by the same delicious making southern food people. The BBQ is simply amaz-balls. Seriously. Get it. Also get the mac and cheese.
I've never done heroin before but I imagine its pretty similar to what it feels like after you eat their Spicy Italian Sandwich. Dangerously addictive
$2.99 for a foot long chili dog and tator tots.. I worry about myself sometimes.
In-n-Out. If you don't know about it, get your head out of your a** and get a double double, animal style with fries and a shake.\n\nYou're welcome.
I waited half an hour for my takeout and the music was too loud.  The whole time.  Clearly I am getting to old for this type of place.
Good meat quality! Good service! Fast service and everything is on point! Yuhao is very helpful. My favorite is brisket.
This is the 3rd location of TSC I've walked into and the door is open but no one is working....I guess I'll go to Jamba Juice!
Totally unimpressed.  Actually disappointed.  Needs work.  I don't even think anyone Asian works here.
Love Jimmy John's and have been to one in many different states and places...I have NEVER seen one this slow in my life.
We really love this restaurant! They always have the biggest portions and the freshest ingredients. Love that they always offer a free piece of baklava after every meal.
Stations fancy version of their dumpier casinos. Still the same thing. Tight slots with no payouts. Garbage player club program. Frequented by degenerate gamblers who never learn.
Are you kidding me???? Rude rude rude staff. Unbelievably unprofessional and condescending. I will never step foot in here again. WOW.
Great Gym, and great people.\nAlways friendly.  Clean and no attitude.
Simply the best breakfast. (Yelp says my review is too short)... Ok\nSimply the best breakfast, did I mention they make the best breakfast in town?\nThe breakfast is amazing.
It's got a beautiful spiral staircase, a decent amount of seating and a barista (baristo?) that actually SMILED at me. It was like being in another world.
I've been coming to Ahreum for about a year now and she is very professional and consistent. Very pleased to have her as my stylist.
Great food.  I eat here every time I'm in the GTA (about once a month). Mango Lassi is so good!
Its located in food court area of Rivera, there r other good indian options on strip. I prefer tamba over this.
I wish I could have given 0 stars, got through told them I was army, a vet, told me to get out, obviously not vet friendly... Literally
Quick and efficient service both our BSTL (black shaken tea lemonade) and drip coffee was provided immediately after ordering.... no complaints.
I wanted a  bite size portion of cheese and mushrooms  with cheesy goodness.  Didn't happen
Drinks are way over priced. Places in Chicago with the speakeasy atmosphere are much cheaper. Place was much better years back
Sushi burritos for $9 is something you should definitely attempt if you are a sushi fan! Service is great and the new location is really nice and convenient!
I hate the sound of the \"one arm bandit,\" and to no surprise there they sat in front of the gate.\n\nThe airport is small and clean. No complaints here.
Getting better - way better than taxi cabs
HELLO!\nIt is a PAWN SHOP\nNo different than any other PAWN SHOP\nJust maybe more expensive AND \nwith a LONG LINE OUTSIDE\nOnly go there if you love their show....
Milkshake was pretty heavy; lots of fudge dripped around it. Probably should have been expected.
He did just what I wanted him  to do and kept in touch and priced right.
Loud.  Musters are horrid. Danny hall the manager a dick. Don't go. Over rated. Loud inside. Wet outside.
over priced small sushi catering to certain () ppl  \n\nOysters are good tho!.........\n\nHappy hour is nothing special \n\nAnd no all you can eat!
Stopping by at 10 pm for a caffeinated beverage does you no good - even as the hours are listed that they close at 11pm :(
Not a fan of this place!\nMediocre coffee and really horrible sandwich! The most nauseating thing I've ever eaten.  It was this really fatty  prosciutto panini with greasy cheese...
Amazing store had a wonderful time with my daughter picking out Christmas presents. I recommend this place to buy gifts for all your friends and family.
Best breakfaat place in scottsdale by far! Pancakes, eggs, bacon are all what youd expect from a higher end pancake house. Yum
bababababa im lovin it ayyy lamo
My fave place to get lottery, a 40, talk to a tranny and cop some rocks all in one little Ohio City bogeda!!
Excellent service, extremely professional and thorough with all aspects of my rental property I would highly recommend and they did not ask me to do this review. Michael
I've been here once.  I don't know how it stays in business.  Whatever you're doing, House of Wisconsin Cheese, you're doing it right.  Keep ripping off those fucking tourists.
http:\/\/www.azcentral.com\/news\/articles\/2010\/12\/20\/20101220chandler-movers-sued-judgment.html
The cashier refused to serve my grandma because she's Russian. If you're of Russian descent I suggest you boycott this place.
This place is pretty cool and all...$450 for an unfurnished studio,and $500 for a furnished utilities included..plus they have rent a cops..yaaaaa to the rescue right?...right?.....
Always busy, slots everywhere, lots of food places. The airport newsstand shop lady was super nice, accepted my driver's license with \"veteran\" on it for a military discount.
Terrible service\nFood is bland - no real Indian taste\n\nOn the plus side - they are open 24 hours
Delicious, friendly staff. Favorite item there are the Crab Puffs, yum!!
$3.78 for two Loroco pupusas!  Place was empty so got speedy service with minimal wait time.  Gotta love watching Rambo in Espanol while you wait too!  My fav place!
Love this place for dancing and shows.\nBut MOFO, when I ask for the \"cheapest fruity drink that you have times 3\" and you tell me $36.... go f*** yourself.
Design-forward with an amazingly creative menu!\n\nSb, we don't have the MS-13 boogeyman in Canada, so relax please.
Gen has always been a good place to go and the service is exceptional. Jessica was really attentive and provided really good service. She was simply the best!
We take our chihuahua to this location.  Dr. Knighton is extremely helpful and the staff is great there.  The new office looks great and prices are reasonable too.
Their morning donut selection is impressive!   Oh yeah, everything else is on point.  I get my car serviced here and customer service is way above average.
Excellent ! Really, a wonderful experience which reflects everyone else's experience here as noted by all the 5 star reviews
Ozzy has a really good smile and always so attentive! Always looking out if we needed a refill or wanted anymore orders of meat!
Fancy looking but\nBartender is a douchebag\nDrinks usually suck.
Took forever to get a drink. Not worth the wait or the $16 price.
Great service!
Epic did it again  !!!   In the words of the little  midget lady on Poltergiest ...\" this house is clean\" !
$19 bucks for four average cones at best.  A Mitchells or Graeters blows this place away.
$171 CASH ONLY for a five mile tow. Need i say more? Reason for the CASH only, nobody would allow this purchase to go through.
Allan your service was tremendous! Keep at it with your great customer service! The food was really good definitely recommend beef tongue!
A reoccurring theme throughout my childhood.An absolute icon.\n\nThis gentleman has startled thousands a day for thousands of days with his friendliness.\n\nBelieve! (In whatever you want)
I would have rated Tease ZERO stars if that was an option.  By far the worst customer experience I've encountered.  Don't waste your time or money.
Criminals! DO NOT conduct business with ANYONE at this business. Typical slimy and dishonest sales people you expect selling cars. The stereotype is very evident here. Stay away!!
Get the 4 pack tickets for $45 or else it's $20 single ticket.  It was pretty crowded but otherwise enjoyable.  Most exhibits are closed.  Beer $7
Great beer on tap. Excellent service. Fun to hang out with friends and drink and people watch. Plus it located under the Elara.
Nick was great, took his time during the cut recommend him any day \n\nGood prices, really good service
Indo appears to have changed hands. It is now called Liang's Hunan Chinese Restaurant.
Shoutout to Jaenica, Justin, Adonnis, Lauren, Richard, RJ, Vanessa and Julius for their great service during my dinner with my boyfriend.
Amazing cross fit facility with an obstacle course that would rival that of American Ninja Warrior.
not sure about what's organic and what's not\n\ngood falafel\n\nall smoothie have hella caffeine
Terrible manager promotes negative vibe around small town gossip . Could Be nice venue with friendly staff but that's not the case.
My new spot!!..thanks sean for my fresh haircut.ima recommend your spot to my friends.thank you sir.god bless!.
Greedy! They'll resell your table like nothing.. The staff lack common courtesy. Dance floor is packed.. Take your money elsewhere
everyone that works here has a superiority complex. OK you have a flashlight and mace! besides that stop barking and be cool.
Bad service. Rented a helium tank. Rude and unprofessional.
Lots of food. Had a great Denver omelette. Pancakes were generous as were the other portions. I would return here for lunch or breakfast.
the donuts are nothing special and the owner will treat anyone who appears to be left-leaning (politically) VERY poorly.
Right across SC border for cheaper gas. Busy intersecrton always bustling. Plenty of fast pumps. Outdoor receipt machines regularly checked. Window washing supplies always stocked and woorkers always friendly.
It cheaper and is on the strip.  Gambling is cheaper to from what you have to start off with.  It has alot of people but rooms are smaller.
Killer park to watch a ballgame or hang with friends\/family for a fun day. Need to fix the parking situation and improve the bathrooms. \n\nYo Yo
Now that I know this place is owned by Robert De Niro, I will NEVER eat there again.
it's a bridge.\n\nits job is to get you across a body of water and it succeeds.
Je suis un mauvais perdant. I am a sore loser.
Beautiful architecture. Great shows are held here throughout the year. Seats are comfortable and the center is not too far from Mill Avenue.
Unbelievably annoying cold calls!\nHighland Resorts, YOU ARE SCUM!!
Gross! We found some weird pellet thing on the Kung pao chicken! It resembled mice or rat poop, totally turned us off and we never will go back again!
Cold tater tots. Kids grilled cheese was inedible, full of burnt black pieces. Burgers were over cooked & very dry. Disappointing experience. Won't be back.
Top notch service! My masseuse put me a complete ease and worked out every knot in my back. Calm & relaxing environment
Julian was our service and he did a fabulous job! Everything was delicious! Came on a Sunday and they charge dinner prices on weekend
Food poisoning. Ate there last night and have been to the bathroom 20+ times since. I feel like garbage. Will not be eating here again.
Been going to Shawn since I moved to the area.  He's honest, can cut his ass off, and has the best prices by far. Highly recommend!
Oh my word, thank YOU Scottsdale.\n\nHeaven in a slice of meat & potatah! Yes, I said \"potatah!\" \n\nYUMM. Freakin' yumm... Good 'ol meat and potatoes.
I've been coming here since I moved to north town, ten yrs. Pats a great cook and fast! Don't be scared . Now selling beer!
Don't go here unless you want to get blackout drunk, buy crack, or catch a disease.
Excellent service, food is great, the whole place is clean and the location is decent too. Loved the signature lemonade and You get to keep the glass jar!!
Excellent service. Ask for Becca, she will take great care to ensure an excellent stay.
Rude customer service, food taste like garbage, I mean I've had better service from the person behind the counter at 7\/11
Dr. Sand has done a great job helping me with colitis.  I feel I have recieved the best care available.  I would highly reccomend him!
This place is crap. Avoid at all cost, unless you want to pay $1000+.
Quality of food and service was great. Too pricey for me. $10 for a really small bowl...
Good variety of seafood, fruits, and vegetables. Inexpensive cooking supplies, too. Not all of the items are written in English but most are.
Cool atmosphere and staff but the pizza it self is close to DOG FOOD. NO WAY. NEVER EATING HERE AGAIN.
Service was great and food was awesome.  Our server Kailin was great.  Will be back on my next visit!
Is this shithole still open ?!? This is a fraud business , how is it possible ? they are ripping off people
People think I'm crazy when I say PPP is my favorite pizza. No lie... I love this place! Cheap and delicious.
Super nice place and Julian was of great help! Food comes in decent portions but reasonably priced. Definitely coming back in the future.
This pizza better than good dick. The crust even be good, pizza pizza can go just off a bridge like this where I be now
A GREAT Bar for LOCALS!!! $1.50 Food Menu!!! CHEAP Drinks!!! Pool Tables and lots of TVs--Plus FANTASTIC Bartenders!!!\n\nCheck out the Drink in the photo-ADIOS MotherF--Cker ONLY $5!!!
Booo! You used to be \nBoomerangs! I miss the bar! \nDonuts are smaller.
Not a bad place,local joint..they have a wide selection of food to chose from..they have chicken,hamburgers,fish..they cater as well...
Great location, top notch service and products. Lines move quickly and you can also get assistance with applying for a home loan and credit cards.
Uniforms suck. Really? White logo'd tshirts on adults are terrible. \n\nFood was mediocre. \n\nCompany was the best. BAE.
..... just ate....BOMB!...the owner Rag made everything In front of us. Chicken and the waffel. Mac and cheese..... Everything fresh. .... Fk lo lo's......
Horrible customer service and needless to say a homophobic atmosphere. \n\n\n\nPassing the word along. . . .
Fuck Delta. Hire some people who speak fucking English for your customer service line and some ticket counter people who aren't on their period. Eat shit, Delta.
Old and ugly rooms. Paid $20 for an upgrade..felt like I was staying in a dungeon. My view looks like I'm looking at a prison. Boooooooo!!!
Too much gahdamn walkin'..but I'm just lazy..sometimes. \n\n& them peeps handing out newdz. I don't wanna see boobies of random girls all over the place! \n\nThat is all.
Probably the best Chinese in Madison these days.  Unfortunately, that is not saying much.
The street has free wifi that's a plus.\n\nThey have been opening lots of Asian restos can't wait to try them!\n\nGood luck with parking
Love the food. Service in the drive-thru is slow but I haven't had food poisoning after eating here so that is a plus.
Not a fan due to service.  Food was good.
Julian (server) was very attentive! Made sure our food kept coming out in a timely manner.  Always a great time eating here with friends and family!
This used to be much better.  Don't get the Poke. It gave me food poisoning.  Gotta go!  Have to hit the toilet...again!
Most egotistical and bad tempered  man I've come across.  Things hid a god and can't stand you saying  he didn't do something  right.  Move on
Love that it is audience interactive and that I can take my teenagers. Lots of fun!
Julian was awesome !!! He so friendly and helpful, and he constantly stop by to check on us. Best service EVER!!!!
Food was good as always. Service was good, thanks to Julian! One of the few places I go to for some kbbq
Marquee Nightclub: A Haiku\n\nBeware of drunk girls\nStumbling in their platform shoes.\nThat's a lot o' stairs.
Best gun store in Surprise! The competition doesn't compare to the prices and customer service.
This place is stupid .. Why have an apt time ? No matter what your gonna wait forever. Fuk them all
I love Steele Indian park, but the dog park is GHETTO.  'Nuff said.
I got the Anus Burger and it was cooked really good. It had a nice fresh bum and the beef was mixed with pork butt.
This location is on point! Highly recommend the crazy bread, it's amazing! Only bummer is the wait time, make sure you download their app and order you'll save time!
Great food, especially if you're missing Chinatown. \n\nGood service; order hot tea, just as you can in Chinatown. \n\nPrices will not be cheap, since this is not Chinatown.
My poke bowl was super good. The colors were bright and the food was tasty and fresh.
Secret underground rave parties. All night long. That is all.
These guys are friendly and helpful.  The staff is so kind.  When you need towing service you can count on these guys.
Hosted our 6 year olds birthday here. Had a great time, party ran smoothly. Megan was great! Would definitely host another party here.
Pizza for the Merchant crowd. Decor ala Merchant. Bad music. Pizza doesn't touch Sal's...especially for the price...seriously guys? A place you'd take your undergrad sister\/brother\/out of town cousin.
Very clean place! Staff is super friendly and greets you with a smile! Best subway I have ever been to by far!
Horrible, rude waiters. Especially Danny. I'm in awe. Rolling his eyes at customers and arguing with them to no end. Will not come back
I like your cheap beer and good jukebox.  Your bathrooms do not smell very good.
The worst rudest office staff I have ever dealt with loved my Doc but couldn't deal with the bitches in the front office and billing
Panna Cotta was amazing!!! Definitely recommend it. Also, check-in on Yelp and you get to try the lemon tic it's cookies.
These are the best bagels around by far!  If you like bagles like I do, you have got to try The Bagel Man.  Everything is great!
Uh, $7-20 per PIECE of sushi?! Screw this! Just plain stupid. Overcharging unsuspecting people who don't know better. It's the Trump of Vegas sushi joints!
Excellent service from our server (Ozzy). He catered to all of our needs and made the dining experience well worth it.
This place has the worst customer service ever! Will not use them again and if I have the option I would give Zero star!
They're closed. There was a sign on the door stating the the name is changing and they are going to be hiring. Just an FYI.
Nice space, decent audio, crappy chairs.  \nI'll go again.
Trying out a new barber in my 'hood...these guys did a great job!
My son loves to come get his haircut here and always leaves happy.  They take the time to ask him what he wants and then double checks with me.
Shoutout to the best people working at gen Henderson!!!\nMarissa\nLauren\nJustin\nAlan\nAlodia\nRJ\nJulius\nAsotou\nAdonnis
An oil change for the Kaymobile in under ten minutes with no bullshit: That's Jiffy Lube.
Go see Betsy - She will give you a great cut. Only two people have regularly cut my hair since I was 12... Stella who retired and now Betsy!
I love the Venetian and Palazzo Hotel great authentic Italian food with Italian chefs Italian servers and Italian staff. Bucatini casia di Pepe, seafood risotto and chopped salad!
Gud place im drunk im only adding words because i need to make it longer. Agains this ain't long enough lets hope this works
Miss this place, and that cute lil redhead that works there too! :)\n\nAmazing Bloody Mary's.\nReally yummy french onion soup--it has a crepe in it!\nBeautiful ambiance...just adorable.
REI stores over all are great, I have found the selection for outdoor recreation activities products unparalleled. The staff here were very nice and helpful.
STEALS ARTWORK TO SELL FOR PROFIT! support artists and do NOT buy from this place. obviously unethical people behind this business.
Pretty solid bar food with typical Wynn prices. Great place to watch a game but service was incredibly slow.
They are awesome! Customer Service here is great and food was deliciiiiious!!! The servers Jaenelle and Yuhao were fantastic and on point!!!!  :)
Had them last week at the market.   Tonight went back to get a order and sold out at 730pm   That is like McDonald's running out of fries
If I brought an Italian in here, they'd have a heart attack.  My pasta was so al dente, it crunched.
This company was featured on CBC Marketplace Moving company scams: What you need to know. Movin' Day Showdown  https:\/\/youtu.be\/mPxUV1NoR-o?t=15m
Awesome biryani. After long time i had a authenthic indian food. I will be back with my friends and family. Try it, its worth
Still the same crappy, zero service! CA  someone say train wreck? Maybe it's time to retool fellas.
Great new sushi burrito place in town. Good quality and great customer service!!!! Very fresh selection of fish and toppings!
What sets this Subway apart from other Subways? They fry you fresh eggs for your breakfast sandwiches. WHAT?! That's a win.
Had a great bagel with salmon cream cheese - real salmon mixed into the cream cheese - well done Abe's :-))
Friendly and fast service. There's an ATM at the drive through, near entrance and inside the store. Tellers are quick and there's also mortgage and investment specialists on site.
I will never go to and\/or support a club that kicks legends like Mark Farina off the decks. Vaffanculo Marquee. \n\nhttp:\/\/stoneyroads.com\/mark-farina-kicked-decks-house-event\/
Beware of the locker rooms.  Retiree nudist colony.  Otherwise they need to lube the machines.  WD-40 and they won't let you do it for them.  Is old but clean.
Customized burgers, fries and salad.  This casual restaurant is great for groups.  They have rotating beers and drinks.  Come over when we can sit outdoors in Arizonan winters.
This has been closed for a while and is now Hanlon's. Big Mama's House of Soul also used to be here.
I have had great experiences here. The Doctor and PA I saw were personable and knowledgeable. I have recommended them.
Delicious homemade pasta Fagoilo!  Tasty Rocchio's Italian sandwich.  Will have to return & try the homemade meatballs. Take out.  Gelato, some small gifts, honey, specialty salts....
We have been to this restaurant several times and the food is always delicious and the service is good. This is my favorite steakhouse and it is never disappointing!
Way overpriced, it was $11 for a burger no sides and a fountain drink. The food was okay at best
Cool spot to drink, shop, eat and chill.  This location opened 6 weeks ago and is a great addition to downtown Phoenix.
one time my professor asked me \"Yo, has a nigga ever ran up in yo house and doodooed on you?!\" Never returned. I never got an education after this.
When I needed bailed out of jail, these guys were there!!!   No matter what the charge is!!!  And they are good friends of mine :)
I mean, it's in a mall.  How much can you expect, really?\n\nThe drinks are great.  Food 'aint.
Too pricey for me, and they don't take Banner health insurance, but this shop has a great selection of designer glasses.  Also, nice customer service.
Awful experience.  Unprofessional, rude and slow.  Plenty of photography studios in the area that can do a better job.
Delicious coffee, amazing service, and the baristas are babes! Come by and give it a try.
I called three months in advance to reschedule and appointment.  I got pushed out another month and a half.  Really?  Finding another dentist...
Amazing place with amazing staff. David goes out of his way to ensure that the people within this community feel at home.
Great fast service , with a smile from our server Julian!  Will be back again!  Love the all you can eat!
Cheesecake ice cream with blackberry jam swirl at 9:50pm on a Wednesday. Fuck yes!
Denny's.....slow service, ok food....expensive prices....but cheaper than a fine dining experience.....I won't be back.....I'm a foodie, and I prefer to spoil myself on places like N9NE
Best steak you can get at 2:30am!!  I prefer my filet rare with no butter.\n\nThe berries or bananas foster is an interesting splurge for $30 too.
Congratulations to the 2008 Grey Cup champions!  The Stamps beat the Als today in Montreal 22-14.
THis is an example of something getting big hype for no reason.\n\nTrashy people, okay music, and really awkward floorplan. Won't be coming here again.
Worst!! Fries were greasy and the fish if you can it fish was gross! Find a better fish and chip place. Staff was super rude as well.
RIDDLE:    How do you dumb down a radio station?\n\n\nANSWER: Hire Chris Merrill!\n\nEnough said!
Worst ice cream I've tried in my life! Expensive & tastless. Small Ice cream shop, lacked character & seating.
Great food, great atmosphere, and great people here. Never a bad time.  Ask for Tina, she's great too!
Best wings and you can order just drum sticks or just the \"flats\" never under cooked and just right - love the place.\n\nmy cardiologist recommended this restaurant
NO NO NO\nAs soon as you see FINE DINING in reviews ( circa 1973)you know the audience'\nNot good.\nWine junk\nWaiters amateur \nKidneys 3rd rate\nCold old zablione\nHelp. Mother!!!
Boba was really good, but ramen was just OK. It didn't taste unhealthy enough, if that makes sense. Still, I'd definitely go back.
Best nail spot to date, I wish I could get out more often. Only reasonably priced nail salon that can do matte nails, soo cute!
Awful & expensive.  Coffee cold, eggs not cooked well. Sausages not cooked all the way.  Plus, they only take cash.
bought a CHUMMLEE t-shirt for $25-went to the counter to sell it back to them and they offerd $4.25cents and said thats the max its worth...\n\nFELT ROBBED\n\nSHAKING MY HEAD!
My wife went there yesterday.  Landing strips rule!  I friggin love that place!
I'm a japanese.\nBut I don't like this restaurant .\nBecause SUSHI is terrible, and too expensive.\nBut waiter is veryvery friendly.
He does good work but as a person I would never ever deal with him.  Simply put, unstable.  Some people just should not be actually running a business.
Went in for a bang trim, came out with bangs one inch long...in places. Woman used texturizing shears like Edward Scissorhands. Never. Ever. Again.
Giant inflatable hamster balls. The owner is a super nice guy, a great place to have fun!
Come here once a week, food is always amazing, customer service is outstanding. Ozzy was our server today and he was excellent! 5 stars all around!
3 treatments for a couple sun spots and zero results. They just kept telling me 1 more treatment and you'll see results. Stay away from this place!!!!\nSave your money!
The food is really good and the price is reasonable. Our server Seong is absolutely great. Gonna come back pretty soon
this place does not exist and the number left above is a massage parlor.lol
I considered myself a American patriot until Richardson's took their red, white & blue enchiladas off of the menu.\n\nNow I don't know what to stand for anymore.
The California Scrambler...wow! I'm talkin' holy shit wow!
Killer classic burger & truffle-lobster mac & cheese! I know what I'm taking about b\/c I had Smart Water too!. The Pina Colada shake is AWESOME!!!
The perfect breakfast sandwich.  Built my own with sausage & pimento cheese.  A tasty biscuit breakfast sandwich. If u have a chance get one!
The freshest looking wall of all time. Beware:there are patrons that hold the sriracha hostage.
horrible got there when it opened still waited an hour and a half to be seen didnt leave for 3 hours worst place in charlotte
After discussing with management I was told there were some communication problems with my account. Everything was handled by management and I am continuing my service with the company.
Oh. My. God. \n\nThe is a hygiene issue here. They dropped(!!) my plate of stir-fried veggies and then picked it up and tried to serve it to me. Gross.
Amazing!!!! Cannot say enough great things about Gordon, Ramsey and the whole Bell Honda team!!!! Was treated amazing and everybody should come here when buying a car!!!!!!
Water was decent and the workers were friendly.\n\nEverything else was intolerable and the food was inedible.
Yum yum yum! So good. AYCE (all you can eat) Korean BBQ with sides. I love this place!
Damn fine waitresses\nSo many delicious beers\nPaul- bring on the meat.
50 pound bags of rice.\nFreshly baked mung bean buns.\nCheap and bizarre produce.\n\nCheck it.
I had a burger and collard greens for a side. it was $17. \n\nIt was ok, but I expected better. Outdoor seating was nice. Too bougee imo
Burger is $5.49 now!\nLess than a year ago, it was $4.99....year before that $3.99.\n\nAnd the federal government says there's no inflation!
i can't decide if this is the best strip club in Vegas or if Crazy Horse Too is... anyway, beautiful girls. good place to explore your wild side.
After years of clogging the arteries and shortening the lives of local patrons, KFC has closed their doors forever!
Bagels are great. We love this location. My child goes crazy as soon as we pull up. Super helpful and cheerful employees. Overall great store.
Meh! No need to write a review for this Harris Teeter, I only stop here when I need something quickly since it's close to my gym.
The store's manager let me cash in a roll of quarters and pennies since PNC Bank was closed during my break. So for that I am appreciative.
Yup, it's Walgreens. This store was spacious and it was easy to browse through the aisles. Check out was no problem and service was friendly.
Their food is only good for people that don't know anything about Asian food. \nThe food lacks color, flavor and texture. \nWon't be here anytime soon!
Great selection, great prices
I can't type to much right now,  busy stuffing my face with amazing food and drinking fantastic wine. You should come join me.
Really nice hotel. Friendly staff. Room was nice. We enjoyed to staying here. Will definitely come back.
Great music good friendly staff good food. GREAT VIEW
My whole family LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVES this place! Great and friendly service. FANTASTIC food! Fun decor and music. This is definitely worth the 30 minute drive for us :)
I needed a place to sleep, and god dammit they delivered. For three schlubs on a budget trip to Vegas, this place is perfect.
\"Nickel and dime....\" be clear on what you are getting or be surprised at check out.
3 word review: FUCK THIS PLACE. Seriously never go here. Liars and thieves, liars and thieves
Like their fried chicken! highly recommend! and they deliver.. Yum! especially if you are pregnant.
Mistaaaaaake. \nDon't know how long the food's been sitting out. \nNot quality. \nAaaand now my stomach hurts. \nMistakes were made.
No. Lacks any\/all professionalism, especially when their sandwich board mocks domestic violence. Pathetic.
Super fresh ingredients, friendly and attentive service.  Healthy fine dining at a fraction of the cost.  Can you guys open more branches soon, pretty please.
Arrogant and knowledgeless staff.  Overpriced everything And in the middle of the ghetto.  I will not be returning unless absolutely necessary.
Efficient, on time, clean and affordable!\n\nBrian cuts my hair and he's great.
Horrible food, horrible service whenever my family decides on where we should go to eat we joke and say Alice Fazooli's.
They are Kushiage Restaurant but we use this restaurant as IZAKAYA.\nKaraage, Sunagimo, Tamagoyaki,etc.\nSo Yammy:)
Takes airport bars to new heights with decent beer list and menu
One of my favorite restaurant in LV and Japanese restaurant even comparing to those in New York! Do try fried pork chop combo!
I've got TVs in mirror !\n  This place is dope.  Free drinks in room and a free ride to the airport.
Right by work.  They dont seem to mind if ya play in the nude and drink 40s while ya throw the frisbee...  Win, win situation folks..
Love this place, quality meat, quality people! They have a great selection of meat and it's priced very well. This is a must stop
An outstanding team of physicians, nurses, technicians and supporting staff that work very well together.
They are always awesome!  Pure vanilla is my favie still.  Store is clean and service is fast.
Place looks nice and the man who I think is the owner is friendly
They had me at Jazz flute. The whole newer, nicer waitress doesn't hurt either.
My favorite restaurant period. Amazing unbelievable food and cost I would rather come here than fine cuisine. One week I ate it every day straight it's that good.
Here's a tip: \n\nask for the $24 all you can eat, all day deal.\n\nBring:\n\nan empty stomach, excessive thirst, and no shame
So this is on the first floor and Moon on the second?  I'm still trying to piece last Friday night together.
This review is only about Tully's Coffee. Never ask for a tea latte, it tastes like some strange combination of dirty water, ginger, and feces
Its a starbucks......they are pretty much all the same. Only bonus is that is close to Spanish Hills so not a major drive.
I fad lun at th' barrrr!\nI think! \n;)
This location made me poo myself something fierce!\n\nHad to throw my unders away! \n\nI need new unders.
Pretty good food. Has beer. Shittiest staff ever though. Every single time. Major assholes.
Best bar in Arcadia.\n\nBest wings I have ever tasted.\n\nWorst bathrooms in the Valley.\n\nArcadia, I miss you.
one of the best corn beef sand. i had. lots of gays and i love it
Best pizza! Started in Ventura California as Tony's Pizzaria, then the owners son brought the same amazingness to Arizona. Yum!
Now listen up, this place is a lil ghetto and I accidentally made out with a guy with braces. Proceed with caution.
I've never waited so long for so little food. Mediocre, incredibly overpriced food at that.
Wow, it seems like Taco Bell in Arizona has a full beer, wine, and liquor license!
random confession #58239:  I daydream about their ropa vieja.
Food was cold and not true Spanish tapas. Would never go back even with a Groupon. No windows which made me feel like I was in a dungeon.
Love Sonny's but not when roaches are crawling on the table! I have a photo but not sure how to upload. Decided to go elsewhere.
Classy\nSexy\nSleek\nelegant\npillows were big and fluffy\nsilky smooth\nextravagant\n\nOh yeah..............and the hotel was also fantastic.
Just sat down, everything smells amazing and service could have not been better. Can't wait for our food.
In my 15 years living here and all the different Fry's I've walked in, I have never had to bag my own groceries. I was shocked!!!
This is the worst branch I have ever been to..I hate boa...they suck ass and have no customer service...40 people on line and one teller at 11 am...BLOW ME
The environment was amazing.  The gondolas going by with the singers were awesome.  The service was average. Sangria was a Margarita.  I really enjoyed the mushroom enchiladas
Oh my god the Tunut salad was amazing the chicken on broad way was way big and so good and the burger was bomb!
this is probably one of my favorite restaurants in las vegas...consistently good.  it has a very nice bistro atmosphere and reasonably priced.
They fixed the ladies' bathroom finally! Smells good. Clean. Gym is still my go-to gym. Can't beat the prices and deals here.
Here trying to do homework and relax. They are blasting hip hop. Who plays hip hop at a coffee shop?? The ambience and furniture is awesome.
Food was good but way overpriced. You get miniture portions, and I mean laughably miniture for what you pay for.
I gotta agree, customer service is the pits here. Two separate times I couldnt get anyone to help me because their MTV-generation hormones kept the employees busy playing grab-ass.
For the same price I could go to starbucks. I didn't see the wow factor here. It's convenient for the people who live at Roosevelt square.
NOT allowing dogs on your patio, but in the outside of it, makes you decidedly DOG UNFRIENDLY!! Shame on you for the false advertising.
Awful, No one showed up or called.  I would find someone else.  I finally got my$ back from maintenance which is worthless.  You still pay even with it.
Bad selection, over priced and the owner is a racist, will never go near that store again!
That is a solid menu and a great local spot...
Food, service, and price all great!\n\nSalad bar was clean and well stocked. Fish was delicious and onion rings were perfect.
All hail the Queens and Kings of Nerds!\n\nI can say that with no malice as not only am I an alumna, but I was president of the chess club.
Have a meatball and all will be well.\n\nTry for more than that, and disappointment may lurk.\n\nGreat meatball, I don't trust anything else anymore.
Just walk by...food was cold, although our server was very nice she forgot to bring toast and hostess was rude. Giving the place 1 star is a stretch
It really bothers me when a Mexican restaurant does not offer single tacos and enchiladas. They force you to buy the dinners and do not allow any substitutions.
I am surprised that they closed down, I really thought that this corner finally found a permanent resident.
I'm going to make this short and sweet. \n\nNot impressed.
Love this place. Tonya and I enjoyed the food, vibe, aesthetics, and the host Sylvia! Easy 5 star!
1 star is generous.  They literary had 3 cigars for sale.
Fantastic food! Absolutely amazing!
This bar is terrible horrible service and then I realized it's run by the nasty drunk bartender from hobnob I will definitely not be returning
I visited the red line Grill half a dozen times and the service has always been excellent the food outstanding and the overall atmosphere excellent
Slow, incompetent service delivered with a snarl. My family will not back.
Don't wear a sweater, it is small and hot.  \nAnd don't be short because tall men always stand in front of you.
Excellent service!!!!!!\n\nAbsolutely one of the best experiences I have ever had doing taxes. Family run business. Extremely thorough and helpful. I am recommending to all family and friends.\n\nExcellent service!!!!
This is absolutely the best pizza in Phoenix!  So glad we live nearby so take out is easy. Try it, you'll love it,
Greg, Robin and Tim are the best... they took fab care of my 'Dame Edna' (05 Jag)... I am a fan for daaaaays!
Happy to report that this location has really done a great job with takeout orders. Much more organized and thorough.   Good food, fast & fresh. \n\nWell done Pita Jungle!
This is the best hair cut I have ever had the staff is very friendly and do a great job.
mmmm tortillas
10 bucks for a wash that didnt even get the condor crap off my whip?  Ive spent better money on a Thai massage...with better results...
One of the cleanest, nicest No Frills locations. They lose a star though for the disagreeable attitudes of a few of the regular cashiers.
\"You know what it is, everything I do, I do it big.\" -Wiz Khalifa\n\nYa, I just quoted a rapper. It's all about the corned beef, I want some now.
good and cheep\ngrowing up in phoenix it was the silver dollar movie drive in with pete's fish & chips for dinner to go.\na lot of great memories there.
This was my go too truck for walnut Wednesday. Disappointed there were no taco salads. No\nOptions today. If there aren't options next week I'll be moving on.
Do not rent here the rates are high,they raise rates all the time .Do not fall for 6 month special.
This place just plain smells....and not of things that make you want to enjoy your meal... eww just thinking about it makes me gag.
Make sure to check your order if you get take out. Our order was wrong and there was no rice or utensils. Strange!
WORST buffet on the Vegas Strip.   \n\n'Nuf said
DELIVERY takes over an hour! RIDICULOUS!
Delicious sandwiches, amazing fresh cookies, and friendly staff in a fun '70s rec room atmosphere. Would eat again!
Always friendly, hassle free, and know me by name. Maybe I should be concerned about that last part?
goldiggers everywhere, place smells like smoke, no class\n\njust no
The beer - draft Anahi is super fresh and good. The waiter is super nice!!!! Love the food and it's very welcome, friendly place.
Favorite Asian Fusion place\n\nKorean Steam buns are awesome\nSushi is awesome\n\nBoth master chefs are also very cool
HUGE shout out to Jimmy Johns for having me pay 14 bucks for a tuna sandwich and then forgetting to put the tuna on it. Well done.
Greasy, greasy, salty, sugary, but nothing to write home about.
Awesome customer service. Vinnie is the best out there. I highly recommended coming here for all your cell phone repairs and questions.
Soooo many options! But I'm not surprised, since it's Ichiza's sister. Obviously not as great as ichiza, but it's quick and simple! Perfect for a quick authentic Japanese lunch!
How could one guy play the bouzuoki that fast for two hours straight?
Terrible customer service. Did not honor groupon. Rude about it. Don't come here. Long wait too. Been to several other go kart places that have a far better experience.
Service is bad. Pizza was bad. Dirty tables. Dirty dirty dirty. I will not return to this location.
Monkey.
Vig Uptown\nTwo comments:\nToo many lawyers and 60+ Cougars.\nAt least the cougars at Vig Arcadia are hot and 30-40.\nWhat can you expect on this side of town though....?
I love their cupcakes.\n\nLOVE.\n\nI thought that the chocolate frosting was heaven.  Heaven.  HEAVEN!\nOr hell, if you're a satanist or whatever.\n\nWay, way, way better than stupid Sprinkles.
Decent shop but geared more toward edge up style cuts. You won't leave with a natural hairline.
Stopped by 5 times since early June.  Twice for late lunch 3 times 4 dinner.  Never open but still see reviews...\\___\/.  Website does not work either.
What can I say?  I loved my four years!  \n\nWoohoo Sun Devils!  Rock on!
My friend came here and was in and out very quicklly.  Be advised there is security that will check your bags so leave the weapons and drugs at home.
Best coffee in the city.\n\nI don't need to say anymore.
Food tasted pretty good, but my boyfriend and I both felt sick to our stomachs afterwards. The service was poor as well. We will not be returning!!
I use uber all over the U.S. and the app here is terrible. Wouldn't let me set my pick up location.
I have never had worse treatment from a business.  Rude and insulting.  Take your business elsewhere.
The place is still nice but now the slots are virgin tight because they have to help pay for the new Penguin's Arena.
Holy Hell Mayo Queen....put the mayo gun down and back away from the burgers.
How low can you go? Unfortunately only 1-star. Hats off to Brooks Brothers associate Ryan T. for reaffirming my doubts in this outlet.
Awesome food, more authentic than anywhere else. The mushroom enchiladas and carne asada tacos are fantastic.  Try the polo fundido as well
Almond snow!!  Love it.  I did not get boboa because I had some earlier in the day.  The customer service is slightly lacking.
For what this is,  a helluva good deal.\n\nMind you,  it's Fast Casual fare, but good. Service is decent, but friendly. \n\nI'd return.  Sit at the bar for faster service.
Best Strip Club in the Valley hands down! Love this place, definitely will be back soon.
Long waits and it's not that good.  So expensive to be honest.   Not worth the line. I'm Filipino and I have gone twice but it's not that worth it.
The Spice Market Haiku\n\nChampagne brunch is fun.\nTaste foods from around the world.\nAll my meat is dry.\n\nThe end.
Great original classic swing club.......have always had a great time, always a different experience. This is the real deal and has been for decades.
Best Hakka food downtown -- to get as good as this you're driving out to Kim Kim. Highly recommend: great food, charming service, and amazing value.
Stunningly ordinary. And horrifyingly expensive!\n\nI don't understand why anyone would eat here, when Rollin' Smoke BBQ is only a few miles away.\n\nOne star for good service. But that's it.
1. Crispy pepper tofu. Slightly battered. Yummy\n2. Beef noodle shop. Super awesome with hand made noodles!!\n3. Orange beef. You can't go wrong with it...\nHmm hmm
You must try the chocolate-coated brownie and cheesecake bites. The Gentleman Confectioner demands it.
***Reminder not to eat 1 pound of mild garlic shrimp before going to Club Jet*** LOL
It is disgusting to see 2 mail carriers in uniform making out in a subway restaurant at 930am.   Trucks number 8204565 and 3306702...get a room or go home
Wonderful Christmas lights during the month December. AMAZING Easter Pageant during the month of March.
Great place to bring your kids!! (: lots of fun baking cookies and decorating boxes! And the best part? No mess to clean up! ;)
It's Starbucks.\n\nAt the airport.\n\nWhat you see.\n\nIs what you get.\n\nFor about $1 more.\n\nConsider it.\n\nAirport tax.
Met with a \"landscape designer\" to transition my landscaping to xeriscape. Estimate for three trees, sod removal and some plants was over $50,000. Ridiculous.
Great vibes here. The historic buildings are beautiful and the unique shops offer novelties you won't find anywhere else.
Pretty nasty Sushi. I would avoid. Can't be all things to all people. Any time your sushi place has ice cream, avoid!!
By far my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  While the price point limits how often we can visit, the service is excellent and the food is amazing.
TURN IT UP TO 11 MAN!!!  \n\nholy jesus it's loud in here. i mean, blow your ear drums out loud. bring ear plugs
Overpriced shit is putting it nicely. Service was good enough though. Waitress did very well.
We refer anyone interested in leasing properties to Muse Realty. That is their specialty! They are great and we highly recommend their services!
Finally stopped by this place.  Can anyone recommend a Bloordale coffee shop that's not a glorified day care with an espresso machine?  Thank you.
I called and they said they do not deliver anymore due to the fact of not having a driver's
You may initially come here because parking for the Swiss Chalet is full.  But you'll come back because the food is simple and good and the staff are friendly.
Jam packed with scenester type losers. Rude bar staff and cliques of douches who look at you like you're invading their territory or something.
The best church ever! \nAmazing leadership, amazing WORD, amazing people glorifying an AMAZING Jesus!
Great customer service and great juice to choose from.I've only been there two times but am going to be a regular customer.
The sauces are good but the wings are the size of a childs thumb. not worth the price.
Amazing right on everything from my past and present, and great news for my future I am already recommending her to my friends
The bacon board was Amazing !!! 4 kinds of bacon, cheesy bread.  Gherkins and amazing pickled onions and grain mustard ! We looooovveedd it!
I love it here. The Panini's are delicious.
Great food, generous portions, and interesting atmosphere! Will definitely be coming again. Take advantage of their 5-a-7!
I'm not sure when Planet Hollywood shot glasses and VHS tapes became antiques. If that's what you are looking for than this is the place for you.
All I'm saying is my wife and I with a whole jar of Brown Sugar Body Polish and Caesar's Palace in-room Jacuzzi bathtub was hours of entertainment!!!
Love Mor furniture, fantastic customer service!!!
Its just home cooked food with a high price, went there 3 times and its very expensive, nothing to write home about
The jazz pianist is fantastic.\n\nOtherwise the food sucks & the place just creeps me out.\n\nBOTTOM LINE: Great piano music does not make a great restaurant
I used to be a vegetarian...now I'm obsessed with their corned beef sandwiches.  Yeah, they're that good.
expensive.\n\n1 star for the experience.
I'm sitting in here right now trying to work and they are blasting Glenn Beck super loud. Ay yi yi. Time to leave.
Great place, very authentic and reasonable price. Lots of fun.
Great club! Friendly staff. Boxing with Scott is great.  the new owners Mark and Elda have done a good job turning the club around.
I don't understand how they get away with letting people smoke cigarettes inside there.  I don't like smoke.
Ummm ya I'm here every week to shop lol I love this place. It has most of my favorite shops!
Truly terrible food, awful quality and full of deadly sodium!\n\nWayne Gorsek
My favorite dessert spot on Phoenix. Hands down. I say dream about their cookies and cream cookies. I wish they'd open more locations.
The only thing that bursted was in fact, the lack of flavour.  Probably a good thing that it's hard to find and that it's off the beaten track.
Just talked to April. She was very attentive and understanding. I appreciate the concern from this firm. Thanks for making me feel like family!
All natural all fresh and 100% gluten free. A cute little place with a beach atmosphere. Ingredients and nutrition information on all products.
It's a Mexican fast food!\nIt may been a (5)star?\nBut they had paint stuff all over remodeling\nWho does that?
Uh, it has a light up bar. Yeah, that's kind of neat.
The service and greeting were prompt and friendly. I had lunch here and found the food to be fantastic. We tried several items including a salad and soup.
Local, simple and delicious. This Italian restaurant is economical and family friendly. I had spaghetti and meatballs. Yum
Sooo blacked out here that\nWe heckled the guitarist.\nNot sorry. He sucked.
Overrated. Although the food was mediocre, the service was good. We didn't enjoy the food so we decided to go across to STK right after.
Folino's is no longer in business. This was also known as Tom's Diner and Penny's Diner.
They're still here and looking okay.
Friendly staff who pay attention to detail. Wish they offered specials to their loyal customers. Very difficult to get a same day or next day appointment.
Rofl good lord this place...why did I pay $40 to come here?  :\/  Probably because the bf and others wanted to...\n\nSuper dark and super crowded.
If you want to eat marrow out of Bambi's leg bones, this is the place.
No half star available. Just awful experience. Had a problem at the end. They want to make fun. Awful people!! Just say No, skip this place !
kind of a strange bunch of people hanging out here...
Delicious deserts that i couln't find in Montreal. The mango and matcha shaved ice was absolutely delicious. Will definetely be back on my next trip to TO.
Amazing deep fried skewers and authentic Japanese dishes cooked to perfection.\nAtmosphere is nice and comfortable, feels like home. Must try
There is only 2 servers working on their Grand Opening!  Phone number listed was not working.  Very long wait with no waiting area.
OMG, their breakfast sausage link from the carver station is COLD !
I'd rather stick needles in my eyes while chugging bleach than deal with a Comcast bill again.
My wife loved this place. Happy wife is happy life. They took care of her and gave her a complimentary treatments.\n\nThanx Helen and Leo!
Pineapple coconut cookie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nWow\nWow\nWow\nMuffins and donuts looked amazing.
My favorite place to eat! Eddy is awesome and the food is always fantastic. I definitely recommend this place!! Always good
Best pizza ever.  Period.  They deliver late, and their crust flavors are all amazing.  I would also recomend the wings, the cheesy bread, and the cajun crust.
Friendly staff. Always clean. Good choice of flavors. Love it!
Calgary's best for moules frites, galettes and crepes. Even the most refined palettes will enjoy the casual French offering at this beautifully appointed restaurant.
Terrible! It was the nastiest meal I've ever eaten! All the food there was frozen.  The broth smelled off. Avoid this place like the plague.
GREAT CURRY! yummy pot stickers and pad thai. like the new location further from the strip.
Changed my flight to be on an earlier one only to be delayed. Paid more too. \n\n\nSouthwest just sucks!!!!!!!! Worst customer service ever and always delayed.
Food was ok. Service was poor. Saw a roach near our table. Not my choice for a lunch companion!
I feel gross drinking the warm draft beer especially after the bartender flicked foam out of my friends glass with her finger... Ew
Fun place! Food is good as well as the service. Flat screens all around. Desert looks great but alway too full. One day soon.....
I'm utterly terrified of this store. I opt to drive a few miles to Frys instead.
Food was good. Service was good. Pricing themselves into the one time a year category.  To bad. Neat place.
Pretty good looking campus.  The students are young and look like they don't party as much as they are portrayed to do....:u).  The facilities are SUPERB.
Home of the incredible exploding burrito. This place is awesome if you want to wear your food. Actually, that might be better than eating it. :(
A decent Frozen Yogurt place. Basically a clone of Yogurtology but the location is conveniently located near Basha's and CVS.
All i can say is YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY for strippers!!!!! My nudie bar of choice in Vegas.
This was one of my best restaurants.  Food was great and desserts were fantastic. Will go again when I go back to Las Vegas.
Love their zucchini fries. The chicken nuggets weren't that great. Hubby loved his Chicken pimento sandwich and the homemade ranch they gave me wasn't good.
Get the greek wrap too.  I had one the other day. I want another. That's all I will say so as not to spoil the surprise.
Right now, you're asking yourself if you want to pay $85 + tip for brunch in Vegas. Is it really worth it?\n\nYes.\n\nYes, it is.
The staff here is very kind. India, Penelope, Nidia especially. I would recommend this dentist office to everyone. They pay attention to detail and Dr. Kim is very thorough
If you don't know about the Lido, educate yourself.
Saturday, August 1st, 2009.\n\n3:30AM: Making it rain with pretty ladies on my lap at Sapphire.\n\n10:30AM: Eating fancy breakfast at world-renowned chef Thomas Keller's Bouchon.\n\nLas Vegas = RANDOM
Today had cream of potato soup and a bacon cheeseburger for lunch. Can't imagine how it could be better.  Clean operation with courteous help, good food and fair prices.
Ahh, Krispy Kreme! Their doughnuts are good as always, and they even have free WIFI.\n\nEnjoy! :)
The overall experience was fine for the place itself. Unfortunately the riff-raff hanging out outside was not so pleasant.
Their toilet paper is amazing.\n\nAlso their rooms are nice too. Floor-to-ceiling windows all day.
Awesome place. Nice shapely ladies. Will be a patron of again.
This place is terrible. The atmosphere sucks, there is nowhere to sit, and dancers don't engage people. Drinks are super overpriced. Never going again.
Everyone here is really friendly. Looks like they really enjoy their jobs making pets look gorgeous. Always do a great job grooming our dog. I like this place!
Is it worth the money? If you eat a lot of crab legs :) Everything else? A-OK for quantity, but MEH for quality.
This place makes me feel poor :'(
Fried chicken was dry, greens were okay, and service was awful. Workers were unfriendly and lazy. I'd rather eat my shoe.
Oh boy, that was one hell of a burger. See my picture, it's all you need to know.
Really crappy management that lets people get sexually harassed and then fires them for reporting it. Don't eat here!!!
Another good place to stop on a Danforth pub-crawl. Foxy, awesome bartender chicks! Good layout. Teeny-tiny patio, perfect for people watching with your drink.
\"One shot or two?  Same price.\"\n\nMake it a double.\n\nCool.
Vomit.
Great deals on shoes, clothes and other sports gear. Huge selection, too. Customer service is also good.
Good food! Great lunch specials also. I like the hummus here. Pita with beef is great too!
This review for officer medina (341)Chandler, Az \nI want put 0 star but the lowest it's 1 star
I have been many time. Never get disappointed. Always well prepared food with authentic japanese flavor. I always recomend this place to people
One of favorite places to get my kushi age cravings! Its a really good place to snack,drink ND socialize with your friends! Definitely recommend this place to everyone!
I have nothing to add to the 1-3 star reviews. I think Mona F. said it best, \"Terroni...get over yourself\".
Horrible experience and then to top it all off the driver almost ran a family off the road on the way out. \n\nDo not deal with these people.
Fast and friendly service. Average McDonald in the sense that the food taste as it should. Good location.
Been there done that at the drive through. Loved it.
SDM's trademark 'Do Not Enter' swinging door has been installed to the right of the entrance. This means you gotta go left, fools.
This definitely can be your reason of coming to Vegas, dancers are wonderful! Remember to bring enough cash, ATM inside could charge you a ton of money.
Just save yourself the heartache and go elsewhere. Horrible out dated decor. The salads are water logged and come on plastic plates.  Feels very cafeteria like.
I love BBQ but if this is how you treat your your female with workers I won't eat. http:\/\/www.rawstory.com\/2016\/01\/north-carolina-waitress-fired-after-telling-bosses-about-managers-sexual-harassment\/
Security staff literally watch you like a hawk as if your gonna run off with a $5 DVD. I like staring them down just like they do to me.
Infested with old fat people, but they were bumping some 80's jams, so gotta give 3 stars.
I was recently involved in an accident (four vehicles).  I was so impressed with your efficiency.  You are great protectors.
I hope I got his name right
Omg. If you're looking for a big drink, you're going here. If not, you're dumb & don't deserve to enjoy Las Vegas the way you're supposed to.
Come on....need I write any more?  5 stars...all day, everyday, 365 days a year.  Nuff said.......
Love this donut shop. Super old school, staff people always nice and to top it off it's always open :)
great burgers! must try the i love bacon burger and the mac n cheese nom nom's!!!
I'll praise as well as slam.. My hcg came in early and I got a phone call on it as well.. Good work and thxs..
Excellent company to work with. Excellent customer service skills. Amanda was a pleasure to work with. Highly recommend.
I didn't see one attractive hooters girl here with \"hooters\" just sayin...
i came here a few years ago. i don't remember anything that happened there. that's good, right?\n\ni just flashback to loud music, an open dance floor, darkness, and energy.
This place has like... .4 or 5 tables....\nMAKE A RESERVATION!\n\nFor reals.\n\nThis place has killer food.  Killer.\nIt's so good.  \nI love it.
Not efficient, they will stretch job into overtime. Damaged furniture and these jerks dragged my mattresses through the complex.
Beautiful people, chic decor, and above average food.  The tried and true Fox formula.\n\nHighlight:  Butternut Squash Cannelloni
Seems kind of dingy, some weird patrons but hey I guess that's what you would expect.  Amateur night was interesting, but i'm not ever going back.
Way too much cigarette smell, I felt like passing out nicoderm patches.  Just saying!
I kept getting lost!!!  This place is so freaking confusing.\n\nOnly place I actually purchased anything was the Fresh store. \n\nHigh, high end window shopping is just not my thing.
Love this place. Deep fried appetizers are unique and tasty! Sashimi bowl was fresh and delicious. Restaurant is clean and comfy.
Yes the buffet is huge, but honestly it wasn't very good! Especially for 22.50 a plate.
The Stuft Nacho box was pretty good.  The service was fast and friendly.  Would come back again if in the area.
This place is the worst, I had the worst experience! NO ONE COME HERE. They will mess up your car instead of helping you!
Came through the drive thru tonight and was greeted by Jerry. A-1 customer service!!! Need more people like Jerry working at fast food chains!
Tip the door guy $60 and you get a table like 3 feet away from all the buttz.
Okay...yum.com!! Its just plan good ice cream....they also have a sherbet, sorbet, and non-fat yogurt! But omg was my salted caramel cashew delishous!
The service here was terrible. Asked for a simple hem alteration with a 48 hour timeline and the person just rolled his eyes and asked me to leave!!!!!
Very unfriendly stepford-wives types. Very secretive. Don't like the music. Too much security...makes me feel like an outsider. Place looks like a funeral home (boring\/ugly\/imposing). \n\nAvoid.
By time my food arrives my friends are done eating wack services . I was the first one to order too lol had get my money back
I have to sit down and discuss pricing before I test drive a car?\n\nOh wait, no I don't. Because I've taken my business to a dealer that DOESN'T suck.
Far from professional. Very much a boys club and would never return after the way the have chose to represent employee conduct.
Great place. Good staff . The new owner is 100% improved from last one. Clean good fun.
Grade: C\n\nAverage food. Average prices. Average service. Average place.
Very good place to have your car kept roadworthy. The staff is attentive and knowldgeable to your needs. They will not sell you a service that you don't need.
Decent food, great vibe inside and out. The location is great just not fun trying to drive around here Friday and Saturday night. Staff is friendly and they're efficient.
Not sure how it could get better!, great custard, fast service, reasonably priced, boom 5 stars
Grade: Pure Evil\n\nThe blood or mysterious \"red crust\" on the beer bottles was a real bad sign...
Scott Sullivan, Bill Johnson and Mike Cirillia.  Thanks for yhe great service and knowledge.  Henry D
I love Rambo's! It's so cute inside :) Food taste homemade. Food is a little pricey, but I believe you're paying for the ambiance as well.
Good bagel place that never disapoints.  However, if you are in the neighborhood, I would recommend Nosh on Warner and 48th over Einstein.
Repeat after me. Sexual harassment and FIRING A WORKER is WRONG, WRONG, WRONG. Firing someone for reporting sexual harassment is WRONG, WRONG, WRONG.\n\nNot clear enough? Don't condone sexual harassment!\n\n\nhttp:\/\/www.wbtv.com\/story\/30920288\/sonnys-bbq-responds-to-negative-social-media-comments-sparked-by-on-your-side-investigation
I didn't know there are multiple Presoteas in Pacific Mall!\n\nThis Presotea is good. Quick service. Quality is consistent.\n\nReview 48 of 100
Love this place! Amazing bread and great sweets and deli counters. Awesome energy!
Tami was incredibly thorough and patient in helping me breastfeed my baby who spent 23 days in the NICU. Without Tami, I would have completely given up trying!
If I could give this restaurant a lower rating, I would. The worst service I have ever experienced. Save yourself a headache and go somewhere else.
What a great company! Very supportive to the community and its employees. Thank you Bell Honda.
Have heard a lot of good reviews that's why I came, the service is good and the curry chicken even better, I will come back here for sure:-)
Party in my mouth is how would describe the French toast. I died a little with each bite. It was THAT good!
Moderate price for bland, watered down versions of authentic dishes. (translation: waste of money)\n\nPeople go here because it looks nice and it sounds safe.\n\nYou're on yelp, find something better.
What a shame that they permit smoking and ruined this casino.
such a cute space!! even has a conference space upstairs. be sure to check out their old timey phone booth.\n\nexcellent prices. serves illy coffee.
Good service with well seasoned seafood except for the taste less oysters that I don't recommend to anyone who loves oysters.
Great facilities, nice staff, safe apartments. Parking is convenient but definitely need more guest spaces, there's only like 5 or 6 for the whole community.
Boo. Their salads are way too small and dinky for the price! No value here, even though salad tasted good it was not a substantial meal for almost $11!
Only flavor of this food was salt. Too expensive, small portions and horrible flavor. Spend your money at Golden Harbor where you get some good food and real value.
Extremely unfriendly and abrupt. I'm taking my business to nature's source
They use a ton of scented Febreze. Yuck. I could taste it in my mouth. Trying to poison me?
Love this place but in the last 6 months, service and quality of food is going down the drain. Here now and still no server (15 min )
This location is quick and efficient. Never waited long for any MRI's. Also picked up a copy often MRI report and it literally took two minutes. Excellent t service.
Macadamia nut ice cream in a waffle cone. One scoop = $3. Take it with you to the slot machines and lick while you pull.
Horrible customer service! Office staff is absolutely horrible! They have communication issues. They lost my payment. I don't see this company making it long.
Their happy hour specials are awesome! Rolls for $3? $5 sake bombs? Amazing food and service!
Terrible service!!! Don't waste your time to pay high prices and get poor service. Skip this place. Only come here if you don't value your time or money.
This place really scares me sometimes.  I bit into a taco last night and grease literally streamed out the other end.  Luckily I'm already on Lipitor.
Inexpensive and quick service.  The orange chicken was good.  The lunch special was pretty basic.  For the price it was fine.
A Review In Haiku: Barre3 Henderson. \n\nI've got Gisele goals | \nBut without Brazilian genes |\nI'll settle for fit.
Been there on Saturday noon. It had hell lot of items for buffet n most of them were good.
Kicking it up a star because draaaanks are cheap, service it bomb and food is consistently tay-hay-sty.
Seekers were amazing. Mackerel Barrera was amazing. Yu Yu sushi was great!\n\nServer was very accommodating
Wow! Great service and food is amazing, plate comes hot, but food comes hotter! Yum!\n\nMushroom enchiladas with Steak, hibiscus margarita, great dips!
Boba is good today. Ordered the my mocha with boba as they didn't have Thai tea available. Drink tasted good!
Easiest way to get your check quickly is to let them know their miso soup tastes like dead people. Their pho is aight.
$151 to go from Downtown to Summerlin at 3.6× surge... absolutely ridiculous.  I will never use them again
It was a busy day, and Valvoline Instant Oil Change got my car in and out in 50 minutes. I have no complaints. Excellent service! Thank you Matt.
Well my rice was crunchy. My black beans hard and flavorless, my tortilla was sticky and I got mostly dark chicken in my burrito.  Ugggggh!
The burnt ends are amazing. And the one person who left one star can suck a fat one. This is one of the best bbq places around.
今日は兄夫婦からの誘いがありここに来ました。アメリカに来て鉄板焼きを嗜むのは初めての経験です。ゴールデンナゲットの正面玄関の正面にこのお店はあります。家族7人(子供2人)でコースを注文。とても充実したひと時を過ごしました。私はこのお店のレビューのスターの数を見て、あまり期待はしていませんでしたが、とんでもない^_^間違いなく価格、サービス、店構え、品質共に5スターです。皆さんも立ち寄ってみてはいかがですか。私はこのお店を推薦します。
$60 for one hour massage but technically it always less than an hour. More like 50 mins. They do offer something extra ( wink wink ).
Iron horse is fantastic. I wouldnt go anywhere else. Tony Otto does all my work, and I've never been disappointed... he's really creative and talented.
I found dynamic dental on the next door app. I am completely happy and blown away by the outstanding customer service.  Plus Doctor Ji In Kim is Army!
This place suck! If you're eating at the buffet.. Make sure you wear a sleeve shirt or they won't let you eat there!
Super friendly, semi custom donut shop close to Costco.  Donuts that will make you want to write home about.
This doctor is wonderful. He is thorough and active in helping one get healthy.  I would recommend Dr. Milford to anyone dealing with Neurological issues or needing physicak therapy.
Closed, in grand style, with an eviction notice on the door.
We stopped in here to get a Valley Metro pass. This store is conveniently located on 2 main intersections near my neighborhood.
Pass on this place.  Bad attitude and POOR manners by the hostess.  Loud venue, drafty.  Brunch menu very limited.  I give it one year.
Order was going to be an hour late, cancelled it... They still charged me. Never will ever give any Milio's my business again. Disgusting practice.
Good, but WAY to expensive to justify.  I have to remove one star for that weirdo that dances in their commercials.  Disturbing to say the least.
Ask for Brian to be your server. He will not stir you wrong. A++++
This place is fantastic.. sex all over wish more hot people came tho lol ... its quite a show to see and a must see
This place just feels like LA. \n\nDepending on who you are, that could be a bad or a good thing.
The rabbit. Why must there be an animal, and a rodent at that? It completely detracts from an otherwise quite civilized shop.
Absolute GARBAGE! The service sucks, the food wouldn't interest you dog, and the place is a mess. I won't be back
Something Wrong 69 and a Beer - now I get it with brown rice and add extra jalapenos - very very good.
Best tattoo place in Vegas. The staff is great, they are friendly and do excellent work. I can't wait to go back for my next tattoo.
Blizzards, - they are amazing. Do yourself a favor, don't get a blizzard after eating ethiopian food - I learned that the hard way
Unfriendly management with poor attitudes. I do not recommend. There are better places on the lake to go that want your business.
I called early in the morning to make an appointment, left a message and I never heard back from anybody and it is a day later..... Not good.
The Apricot BBQ Feta Chicken Sandwich is what dreams are made of. I wanna try other dishes, but I always go back to my good old ABFCS.
Very odd admissions policy. Stood in line forever, willing to pay whatever and didn't get in. I think they don't like money.
Not happy I was not allowed to be in room with husband for vasectomy procedure.  If I would have been told this we would have gone elsewhere.
Very cool space and great place to get on your laptop finish up some work. Lots of hipsters. Like a LOT. You've been warned. Coffee was ok.
This place is an example of why Vegas is shit. You can buy a burger or a hooker for the same price.\n\nNext time... I'm going for a hooker instead.
Wish I could give negative stars! This place was disgusting. Flys all over the place, and the pizza was as dry as California in 2015.
Muahahahaha. For those keeping score at home, Michael Low was suspended today temporarily while the LSUC continues their investigation of the complaints that continue to pour in. Cheers.
Place is a hangout for transients sleeping there With their pets, will not go there,they hassle people
I made the mistake of going here on a whim. Awful, shitty bland Mexican food. A waste of money and my butthole was angry with me.
Worst carwash ever.\n\nMy car came out covered in waxy, soapy gunk.  It was actually dirtier than when it went in.  Yuck!
Man this place is a dirty pit ran by ex-con's. the food is tasty but eat it at your own risk....
Scottsdale Village Square is the worst care you can ever provide for your elderly family.
Flavorful authentic Thai food! Large portions, reasonable prices, very attentive staff! The green tea ice cream is amazing!
Mike and his people could not be more friendly or accommodating. No matter what the challenge they can pack and ship it.
This place has the worst music I've ever heard and all of the employees are racist jerks!  NEVER going there again! They encourage illegal and vagrant activity.
When the world ends, I want the the last flavor on my tongue to be the scallop tacos.
Treats & Sweets is now known as Antney's. The ownership has not changed hands, however.
$2.71 for a bottle of water...horrible!!!  16.9 ounces of Nestle. Gimme a fffff break! Not even good quality alkaline water! Get outta here!!!!
Did I Ever mention how phenomenal $1.00 mimosa's and light fluffy eggs are on a sunday morning, just saying...
A typical Japanese restaurant full of good surprises and warmness. Very good location too. Unique hapiness you want to keep forever.
Sales lady was extremely pushy.  Felt very uncomfortable in the store, ended up going to MJ Christensen and having a wonderful experience there.
The lunch special love is gone. It's now $7.49 and greasier than you remember.\nI choose to bring my taco binges to Taco Y Taco. For now.
Worst casino ever. Wouldn't let us in for being \"visibly drunk\". Never heard of it. Was the worst experience of my life  at a casino. Never go there
Corned beef and pastrami are some of the worst I've had in Cleveland. Every gas station in the city uses better corned beef.
The only bad thing is you feel pregnant after every buffet, but i kinda miss being that full. Postpartum depression.
Great service recommend the prickly pear margarita ...for a great server ask for breanna
The park is big.It has a bike\/Walk path.  but the hikes is not strenuous.  overall. .its ok. .did not sweat hiking
Bell Honda gotta say great service hands down! The staff was very friendly. Thanks to Bryan Stevens he went above and beyond with offering the best service solution.
A gas station is a gas station.  Went at night.  Well lit.   Everything working. No complaines.
Not worth going on a Saturday night. The crowd of plastic-surgery-loving cougars and muscle-striving meatheads aren't worth pushing through for $16 drinks.
It is good for what it is. I love how they kept it looking spacious through the glass walls. \n\nStyle and comfort for 2013.
The chicken and waffles are some of the best I've had. The service has room for improvement
Great atmosphere but I hate the idea of gambling. \nBeing the cheap person that I am I can't imagine losing that much money on something so trivial.
Very poor service. Food was really bad quality. They took forever for bringing food. Never gonna come back to hooter
Love this pizza chain.  Great friendly staff. Loads of people coming through, great prices \/ portions and you will not leave hungry.  Ordered the x-large and demolished it.
Bryan Adams and vegan options. If you like the neighborhood and you want cheap breakfast, duh.
Trek here was grueling. Dinner did not satisfy my taste buds. Prices were high. \n\nME NO LIKEY.
Great customer service! Awesome deals 5 panties for 27$\n\nI love VS panties especially the girl boxers -- comfy to sleep in.
Well stocked store. Merchandise is everything I would expect. Service is inconsistent but can be very good in the right circumstances.
They never run on time, there usually are no available seats, and no late night trains! FAIL
i love comcast and there comcast cares day and there united way program there awesome and my on demand is great
Its the worst restaurant in Vegas. Terrible  price terrible food!!\nI wont go there again....
Just stay away.  This is the place that gives dealers a bad name.  Unethical in every way!  Wish I never purchased from Centennial Hyundai.
All i have to say is.........\n\nDRIVE THRU!!!!\n\nYaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas. Ok bye.
Service sucks! Waited 15 minutes at the bar to order. Get more staff and a better attitude.
The place to come for great small bites and sashimi, sake and my favorite..kushiage jidori (fried chicken) \nGreat environment, awesome staff and a must!!!!
Deep fried goodness with an amazing selection & attentive service.  I'm a huge fan & I usually don't like fried food!  I will be back!
Typical Chinese restaurant.  Stuff in brown sauce, light brown sauce, orange sauce, red sauce... ugh
Awwww Man!!!!! \n\nThis place totally ROCK!!!!\n\nGreat food, Great Service and reasonable prices for Vegas!!!!! Large Portions.  Long wait!
The best handmade egg rolls I ever had.  One thing I didn't like was the place was too small.
craving steak tartar\nsome more french mustard is good\nrefrigerator\n\n\n-for you Nicole.  thx.\n\nCarry on.
Wow !!!!! I call for directions and they keep hanging up on me ...... I guess I'm taking my money some place else . Bad customers service :\/
Im sorry that I brought 30 people into your bar. Your staff was unprofessional and rude. You are a shit bar. Go fuck yourself.
Found the place by accident during a business trip. Food and juices are fantastic, can't stop from coming back whenever I'm in the area!
I wouldn't go there again for a meal but ok if you want a smoothie.\n\nPS The waiters often forget your order but I guess that goes with the territory.
I loved dee he was nice and funny,\nMy tattoo is uneven and out of the lines a little in one spot\nNot worth 80$ but oh well
This place is great if you are into buying in bulk. \n\nIt's your basic grocery store on steroids! lol \n\nEnjoy!
Its like a Trip Around the World!!!!\nIm stuffed for days after this one.\n\nTIP: DONT COME HERE HIGH.. might seem like the greatest idea ever...but its not... YOU'LL DIE!!!
Sage Fried Chicken Benedict . It was so good, i finished the whole thing by myself! \n\nNeed something refreshing? try their watermelon drink (:
Stay away!  Staff member offered us drugs and when we complained we were physically threatened.  Owner does not seem to care about patrons.
Don't eat here! Ever! Overpriced. Dry chicken. Nasty beans. Tasted like a TV dinner. The Drinks are super weak. Nice looking restaurant tho! Just needs a new cook.
Amazing staff, I feel like family each time I go here! The food is fantastic as well.
Came here and got my ass grabbed. Do not recommend. Much better BBQ in town.. So go thee instead. Unless you're into that kind of thing..
Very delicious!  The crust is amazing and everything is fresh.  I'll definitely be making a habit of their pizza.
Terrible customer service at the window,absolutely races!  the security guard does not know basic information!
Be aware the prices they quote are not what you get.  The French manicure did not have clean lines. I would never come back!
Straight garbage! I went in for a simple taper.  Had my hairline pushed back about half an inch literally.
Well, who doesn't love sweet tomatoes?\nMega salads, soups, bread, etc.\n$10?  Heck yeah. \nLove all of it!!
Pretty manly dive bar. Small - and no one can sit outside with drinks after 11pm (noise?). Some local tall boys were $4.50. Dark inside. Good for playing Jenga.
Sandwiches over priced and what sandwich place doesn't have mayo only something called dirty sauce.  Waste of time and money.....
\"Tasty\" is accurate. This is Chinese for white people, but in the best way.
The BEST donuts in Charlotte area.\n\nWho on earth would eat a crappy Dunkin or Krispy Creme with this here???
Pay the extra money and go to the Target on 44th St...trust me.
This is a good local bar.It had bottles of Pabst Blue Ribbon and that's I needed!!!!I
A-Ok\n\nNice place. Nice people. \nNot a destination for a burger.\n\nHope to try breakfast soon.
I went to the red line grill this morning for breakfast and the food was excellent! And my waiter Nate was cute and courteous.
Fantastic, fresh food. The best egg foo yung I've ever had. Very reasonable prices.
Sundays at the Bally's BLT restaurant.  Please read my review on this amazing Brunch on BLT's Yelp.  The best!
Great place. Fast serving, yummy food. Good atmosphere. Good value.
-Fancy salad place.\n\n-Salads are very yummy.\n\n-Parking is a pain in the butt.\n\n-Pricey for lunch.
Seasoned to the bone. Love it. I back the next day it's so damn good  if you live or visit this place is a must eat
Meh...overrated. i'll stick with yo rita's for my chef sousa fix. food combinations are much  better in the smaller, bite-size taco portions.
really good food and friendly staff. not to mention cheap prices. no complaints at all.
$1 hot dogs\ndeep fried oreos\nbeads\nand actual coin slot machines\n\nthat is all you need to know! Go!
-Friendly service - owner?\n\n-Nice selection of Scrapbook supplies, not overwhelming.\n\n-Multiple craft classes offered.\n\n-Ceramics painting available too.\n\n-Convenient parking.\n\n-OK prices.
A good, solid haircut every time from a friendly barber who does both men's and women's cuts. Just don't get him started on Joe Thornton or Leafs Hockey.
I had previously hired them on thumbtack and had a good experience. Attempted to hire again and after numerous attempts they never showed up. Don't waste your time!
If you live on the South side of town, check them out. I go there to get all of my Thai ingredients, reasonably priced.
I actually love being slapped around like a baby seal by a woman who barely speaks English. Honestly. I find it to be soothing, relaxing, and detoxing.
Oh St. Francis How I Love Thee\nLet me count the ways\nIs it your beauty?\nIs it your charms?\nIs it your fine, fine cuisine?\nNay!\nIt is all!
....it's the land of misfit toys.  \n\nThe rooms were clean though, hence 2 stars.
space is small, if you are big or fat, this place is not for you. open hours are too short. sushi is excellent.
Great staff! The Dr. even mentioned other avenues to help with my pain which I'm going To look into. Yay!
Great service and selection.  Danielle was terrific ,took the time to help us find what we wanted
Shit we almost considered getting a 2 bedroom here. Not after the rat stories. Thanks people
MEAT.\nON. \nSWORDS.\n\nEverything should be delivered on a sword. I'd eat salad if it came on a sword.
Best place in Cleveland to take a sit and hang out with friends. Barista are friendly, talkative and professional. Highly recommend.
Beautiful location and ambiance. Terrible service. Our oysters and entree where wrong and dinner took 3 hrs. We were literally abandoned by our server. Overpriced and terrible service.
Great service. They really worked with my husband to create a one-of-a-kind gift for his siblings. They turned out great and were such high quality.\n\nHighly recommend!
Awesome experience!!  Misty was an outstanding sales lady and I would highly recommend hitting Mor if you're in the market.  Tried the room store but they seemed really shady!
The place was o.k music alright environment ehhhhh  service was horrible took me 45min to get a drink. All in all best thing to do is get there drunk.
Great place to live. Really close to ASU and facilities are great! It definitely exceeded my expectations
The Original burger was delicious.  And so was the milkshake. Service was fast and friendly.  Will come back again if in need of a burger fix.
Came here for lunch,the price is pricy and not kid friendly price.\nIs not to much choose for the food and do not have ice cream.
Competitively priced, knowledgeable staff, and the store is filled with free air!\n\nHighly recommended.
Only complaint is my clothes usually smell after I come out of the restaurant. Otherwise great place for the price.
To be fair I didn't get past the consultation stage but I did not have a positive experience.
Awful undercooked.  Got the runs from one piece.  Paid $22 for large crappy pizza that got me sick.
I love Yu-Yu so much. The kurobuta hirekatsu is the best!!! I love the miso soup too! it's a great place!!!!!
I went in and the service was great! I had Joshua Hansmeier and he did such a great job! He took care of my car so quickly!
Great experience! Super fun work, very organized and was paid via Wells Fargo Surepay an hour after the event!\n\nAttract gets my full endorsement!
All you can eat buffet\nLocation is small\nFood is okay, selection lacking\nPrice is good
Terrible doctor!!...went for appt and i was not on schedule!!...i would not recommend this doctor to anyone...terrible staff also.
Got a small pizza with pepperoni and I would say it was like eating the box, but that would an insult to the box manufacturer.  It was awful.
They have very bad customer service, they take advantage of people, their fees too high, you may don't get the title for months.
Super excited to visit this place. The mangonada slush was amazing!!!  You can get it extra spicy too. Of course I did! \n\nI wanna go back!!!!
Purchased item with 4 year 0% financing, and had very patient and helpful sales clerk named Nolan.
Take care if you bring your own parts. Essentially the company is good, but watch out some one of the mechanics.
Gross food.  Tastes like they dig around in the dumpsters of other restaurants to create their menu.  I was so disappointed in all the choices we made.
Pasta was great and I dont like chains! Service was awesome.great meatballs.love the look of the place..great job!
I would rather eat a shitty frozen dinner, then ever eat this food.
They do a pretty good Houston's impersonation. Highlight is the roasted chicken.
Don't order the white wine it'll cost you your first born.
Man!! The shrimp fajitas were amazing !! A lot of food and it was simply delish! Our waiter was pretty funny and entertaining too.
Very nice. Drive up teller is awesome when I have the Gson. 2 drive up tellers drive up ATM. Makin it easy to get at our $$
This is the place to go for a luxury getaway!!!  You won't be disappointed.  The more you drink, the prettier the room gets!!! I'm kidding.  Just go there.
Inferno Hot Pilates is a great studio! They have a great variety of classes both heated and non heated.
LITTLE BUDDHA HAIKU:\n\nWonderful seating.\nIt was so damn packed that night,\nButtocks scraped my head.
The food is good.\nThe wine is great.\nThe service is meh.\nThe ambiance is thumbs up for being in a shopping center.
I went for a spray tan I came out milk white I'm not even joking.  I gotta say it was the worst spray tan I every got.
Fast, efficient, tasty.... um, if you really need to read reviews about Taco Bell you probably need help.
Using the drive thru is always convenient, but using their app to place an order is amazing! Make sure to double check, but usually their accurate.
WOW!\n\nBy far the best sushi in Woodbridge....  Comparable to the best in Toronto.  Very creative, really fresh sashimi and super customer service.
The hair styler named Bob didn't seem interested in doing his job at all. Also, the job wasn't done well. There are spots where the hair was cut uneven.
This place was on top of there game. This is truely a Fried Food Heaven! Love the Skewers and the friendly employees. Nice job.
Misty Mellmann, great associate!  All about the facts which was VERY refreshing!  Thanks for all the advice!!
Blacked out here during\nA friend's birthday meal, broke up\nWith boyfriend and puked.
Bar staff is dismissive of women in general.\nPerhaps they do not realize women have the same deep pockets as men.
Want to try interesting local beers and cask ales?\nGo to brydens.\n\nWant killer cheesy, messy, pub nachos? Brydens. \n\nWant to escape hipsterland and just relax at a dive-esque bar? \nBry-dens!
This place rocks.\nOpen to the public.\nRestaurant quality cooking and serving shiz.\nTake-out containers for EVERYTHING.\nEven those cute little bamboo skewers.\nAll, at a LOW price.\nYES
The absolute rudest, nastiest people around. Avoid this place at all costs.
First Tine and I will NEVER going back.....  wait for 1hr my car was park nobody touch it......
does not worth the money.  Come on Thanksgiving.\nThe price is much higher than 50 bucks. And there is always a line to wait for hours!! What the hell!
BEST CHAMPAGNE BRUNCH!\n\nENDLESS MIMOSAS!!! need i say more? =)
GROSS FOOD\n\nI seriously think all the food is from the clogged diposal at the restaurant.\n\nEverything tasted very unfresh and muddy is the best decribed flavor.\n\nGross, gross, gross!!
Saving money and traveling a lot. If you're going to be vacationing, this is a must. We went to Lake Arrowhead and had a good time.
--Conveient location.\n\n--Food is pretty good...the meat portions are generous for the fajatias.\n\n--Service was quick and effcient.\n\n--Good chips and salsa
This is not a popeyes location. This is a house. The guy that answered the door provided no chicken and looked confused at the request.
Just discovered the beans again! Along with wings it's a really filling meal for a great price!
Food was great, but we couldn't order half the things we wanted because they were out of it or it had been 86'd which was a major bummer.
Nice place. Service is lacking, no one smiles.  Food is ok
You will get food poisoning here! Don't risk your vacation. Stay especially away from the Ahi burger! Disgusting food, soggy ass fries. Disgusting.
amazing the dbl elk burger is awesome moist burger and gigantic... wish it was closer...
Yu Yu is short for Yum Yum! Delicious. I would come back. The sushi is so fresh. Best karage I've had.
Update: this Starbucks has stepped up it's game. Their patio is actually really sweet (and large) and the staff is overwhelmingly nice. They really make me feel welcomed here
Lovely little place. The food, the drinks the service are all top notch.
Very nice modern hotel.  The last time I slept with this much concrete surrounding me I was in a bunker in Iraq.
The have so many more things than the ones in LA, I love the garden area and the variety of frozen food selections here.
Will definitely come back again! Nice service nice food～好吃好吃 人都很nice我实在写不出来了 为什么不让我发 love love love the foooood!!!!!!!
Duck pin bowling is rad.
It's good, not great.  Those tiny macaroons are ok, but over priced.  I think THATS AMORE is much better gelato. The macaroons are way better at ESSENCE BAKERY!
Took an Uber all the way over here to find them closed. Yelp and Google both showed them open. Update your hours!
If you are an asshole eat at Bragg's. It will make you a better person.
We liked the outside patio. I had the Greek Salad. It was so good I got one to go for a friend. Definitely will go again.
1 star for huge margaritas\n1 star for inflatable palm trees\n1 star for beachy music playing\n1 star for nice, attentive, unpretentious bartenders\n1 star for patrons wearing Hawaiian shirts... in Wisconsin.
i had Linda give me a fantastic pedicure.   she was extremely through.  great foot and leg massage.  I will be back!
What a shithole. Dirty and dingy, the food took forever and the fries were super greasy.
As long as you look at the ceiling, you're in a world of fantasy. Unfortunately you sometimes have to look at your plate, where things are not as fantastic.
Excellent service, food was pretty good, looooooved the prickly pear margarita, and the quinoa chorizo burrito was so spicy and delicious. Views also help make this an incredible spot.
Where can you get 20 dolla porridge and wish you were eating all you can eat king crab at Caesars??  \n\nhere.  :(  \n\nwhat was I thinking?
Obnoxious. Instead of getting a \"hello, what can I get you to drink this evening?\" You will get a \"so drinks start at $20.\"
I came here specifically  for underwear night.   LAME!!!  Only me and my bf were in our underwear.  And there were only 5 other people here.  Never again!
So so. I guess. The food really wasn't that great. Plus, some little kid coughed right on me.
yassss\nthe pizza here is very tasty\nlove the dough, the sauce, and the toppings\ni was recovering from a back injury\nand the pizza actually cheered me up\nso grimaldi's :)
How many times do I have to get crappy blueberries from Sprouts before I learn my lesson?
Norma is the BEST! Another beautiful  cut & color :)! My hair looks and feels so healthy!! I'm so HAPPY :)\n\nTip Ask For Norma :)  SE HABLA ESPANOL Enjoy!
Best sushi I've ever had before. \nQuality food and tasty!!!\nVery nice waitress and clean atmosphere
Close your doors!! Food =taco bell service-terrible \nAsked to speak to manager ya she was the horrible service.  SAd But True.  Phx landmark no more
Great food and affordable too\n\nOrdered the salmon dish and oyakudon both were yummy. Wish I had photos to post but gobbled it right away.
I'm recently dry, sitting at the bar, drinking water, watching Lisa G herself pour the fattest fucking glasses of wine I've ever seen.
Tavis was exceptionally helpful in guiding our purchase.  I'll definitely give Tavis my return business.
If your buying a car from out of state take the drive and see it in person these guys will sell you a False bag of goods
Good food and service, although I would have preferred the Kushiage bar items to be grilled instead of fried.
I had couple night business trip I enjoy the Wynn very much I like their  rooms and services and restaurants it is my favorite hotel in Vegas
2 stars because the servers are really nice. Things are old and gross, salty or stale.
Only Positive things to say about Galleria in Henderson! GREAT STORES, FOOD, NO COMPLAINTS HERE! just a hole in my wallet lol...
U can tell this guy is from Chicago and not new York! People out there don't know any better. Horrible food!  The owners wife dresses like a slob!
It smells and has cheap beer. Oh, and a trained pocket-picking canine. It's a classic Cleveland dive sans the hipsters.
The sound here is awful, it needs to be at least four times louder. Worst concert ever.
Vegetables were rotten and the owner not pleasant. The staff was personable. The religious music pumped over the speakers at high volumes doesn't help the experience.
Good massage with shower too.  Woman was in her 50s, so it wasnt erotic or arrousing.  Massage was strong and she obviously had done it for years.
I tried sashimi deluxe, not fresh, some pieces were too cold and little hard because some ice in it.\nMaybe trying sashimi in Pittsburg is not a good idea.
They don't have a basic marinara sauce that is vegetarian.  I'm having a salad and will never come here again!
I have build over 6 homes in the last 25 years. VIP is the best. \nCraftsmanship beyond anything I have experienced in the past.
Decent food with borderline ghetto service. \n\n....think Dave Chappelle's \"Pop Copy\" sketch with slightly better corporate training.
This place rocks, pork bowl is awesome!!! and service is very nice! we'll come back again and again and again
Underwear for $1 and bras for $10?!?! Yes, please!*\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*Disclaimer: Only in the sale section, and only if you can locate your correct size.
....my hair looks fine, but I swear to God the young lady cutting it was intentionally jabbing me with the sheers.
-Consistant food.\n\n-Good service.\n\n-Not too long of a wait.\n\n-Parking was convenient.\n\n-Updated decor.\n\n-Area is questionable.
One of my least favourite stores in Kensington.  Very overpriced in my opinion.  The selection is pretty cheesy too.  I'll pass.
I don't always want Chick-Fil-A but when I do its Sunday!\nGreat service and food every other day though.\nI love their vanilla ice cream!
Had a great time. I came in told the guy what I was looking for and got more than I expected. Will def come here again.
Worst sushi of my life. I'm pretty sure the fish was expired, the rice was soggy, the sauce was awful.
Pizza is really good here. The lasagna is excellent. Service is great. I also like the quiet and chill atmosphere.
If u want to try traditional Japanese food, come here!  The food is very good, and people here is very friendly!
I know this is supposed to be a review about the hotel, but GO TO THE CAFE AND GET THE ASIAN CHICKEN SALAD. You won't regret it.\n\n#WYNNING.
Nothing says 'sunday brunch' like waiting in the 15-car line at the McDonald's drive-thru.
Bad experience. Place has cockroaches. Very dirty. Don't go there.   Very disappointed.
Employee at the cash gave me attitude during consultation. You want me to spend $500 at your salon but treat your customer like that... No thanks.
We love Bistro 101. Great food, great service and it's a warm, cozy place.
Polite staff!  Good manicure and awesome gel polish selection.  Definitely coming here again!
Jfppufhpxhocoftc.  Oviducts rid.  Foudogstos. Dido doctorate. Picot disorders of fix foxlike g goodoftcihx xoifxkgog.  Gfhogxifoycypvoy.
Not the Musashi of Southfield, MI, that I was expecting.  I was kinda scared to eat my meal.  The staff was nice.
Don't get any injections here. They did a horrible job. During the appointment she claimed she very experienced and the results say the opposite. Don't waste your money here.
Cashiers like to smoke right outside the entrance and open to the door while doing so to talk to their friends.  Annoying, young and unprofessional staff
cops give it a 5, prof ore a 1. i give it a 3 becuz its fun to bike thru only after 8pm
Great prices and funky flavors. Owners are onsite and super helpful. Great vibe for vaping necessities. Bonus Email rewards program.
Went to bell Honda met Bryan Stevens and they did an awesome job. Quick service always reliable. Thank you guys so much :)
My first impression was that this quaint restaurant is certainly not a chain.  My last impression was how do I get out of here never to return!
Shady bouncers and gross ghetto crowd. Should rename the place chewbacca water hole.  I would never come here again.
Waited 5 hours for my dog to be ready! Picked him up and was so disappointed at the job done.:\/ need to start looking elsewhere.
Don't tell anyone but the primary reason I visit Madison is to eat the scones at Lazy Jane's.  The fact that my son also lives there? Coincidence.
They could have the best pizza in the world - the fact that in 2016 they don't take credit cards means they must be a front for something...
This sure ain't pizza! It's a fast food chain's simulation... Don't waste your time or appetite on lukewarm assembly line pie.
Great Customer Service and advice from Joshua Hansmeier... I will recommend to all my friends and family.
Nice yogurt shop with a lot of flavors to choose from.  Also has an extensive toppings bar with lots of good stuff.  Kid friendly.
Food is pretty good, a bit over priced . Got the cluck moo and side of country potatoes.
Think of a high class hooters with good food.
Went for happy hour had to wait for service only 2 wine for happy hour red that was not on menu and rose then left.
I can't believe it costs $750 for 1 bottle of Ketel One!  Good lord that's a lot of money!\n\nAt least we got in...  (http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz\/pure-nightclub-las-vegas#hrid:uXIgfKakhap7_4fJPdA-zg)
5 MAJOR health code violations.. \nIts a shame because I really liked this place and the food was pretty good, but I wont be eating there again. \nhttp:\/\/www.kpho.com\/story\/19242726\/dirty-dining-aug-9-cockroach-falls-on-health-inspector-at-china-city
They don't take old $50 bill?!? WTF. I'm not going back.
The worst POS's in Tempe or maybe even East Valley!  Rude employees with bad attitudes!  Poor quality food and sloppily made sandwiches. Avoid at all costs!!
Joe, Jake, and Jessee were great! They didn't waste any time and took great care of my stuff! Job well done!
Quality is less and less\nSame food in 6 ways\nChicken:\nFried\nBoiled\n.........\n\nSame for potatoes \nSalad\nFried\nBoiled\n........
Andrew C was my service advisor. He was very professional and help me in a timely manner. Thank you, Andrew!! Keep growing that impressive beard.
KA = SICK!  Ninjas, monsters, and a flying stage?  My kind of Cirque du Soleil.
Some awesome New York style pizza over here!They've got the perfect crust recipe that's hard to find.
Ever wondered what it would be like to eat in pitch dark? Served by a visually impaired server? Without knowing what you're eating? Best anniversary dinner ever.
Horrible place, very diry and dingy. The sound was incredibly bad, the sound guy was very obviously incompetent. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
Bill the manager makes this place awesome. He is friendly, helpful and offer great advice about the area. Would highly recommend you stop by and enjoy the great service.
Never again.  The place is dirty , the service is shoddy and the products appears to be 2nd rate.
Highway ROBBERY \n\n$20.33 for maybe a small\/medium..\nNice crust.\nIf I paid $8,9,11 I'd give 3 stars.\nThis price is ridiculous.\n\n$20.33\n$20.33\n$20.33\n\n?!\nWtf
I have to say the older ladies taking your order are usually really nice and awesome!  Great attitude from the older ladies, the young girls not so much.
As my husband so accurately put it while we shared a drink on the crappy patio, \"I've seen better ambience in a Chuck E. Cheese.\"
Perrier-Jouet Champagne and fresh Seafood \nGreat Decor and Service\nIf you don't like it you should dine at McDonald's.\nOr just go home.
Timbers...... You had me at your Pitchers.\n\nThen, just when I thought our romance couldn't be true, you whispered \"I have wings\".
Took my very korean mother and she loved it. Her words where \"too good!\" That doesn't happen very often.
If you're a deep fried lover and love Japanese cuisine then go here!!! Staff is nice and the place is very cute!
This place sells garbage!!!
Great chips, but, way too salty. I'm drunk right now and they are way too salty.
So very sad... I returned here last night for some Cardinals action and dinner with the boy and my waitress totally botched my dreamy vegetarian sandwich concoction.  Tear.
To be fair I've never eaten a meal here...\nI come for desert.\nI get foie gras. \n\nYes, it is that good.  :)
Hate to have to update my review like this, but the past TWO times I've eaten here, I've gotten violently ill immediately afterwards. Ikes hates me!
5 stars for the clean and spacious AMBIANCE\n5 stars for the superb SERVICE\n5 stars for the delicious FOOD\n\nmy favorite: Thai Papaya Salad over fried fish= 2 thumbs up!!!!
Best apartment complex I've ever lived in.. The amenities are amazing\n. maintenance ppl are great the office staff rocks.. All good things here at indian hills
Everything is so good!!\n\nEspecially, Kushi and beef tongues.\n\nI love this place.\n\nYou should come here!!!\n\n^o^
Best Korean BBQ in the area.   The restaurant is clean, spacious, and accomodating.  The food is good, and the service was great.
Spectacular that in this day and age there exists a company that can stay afloat while not caring about their customers. MegaBus, please come to Arizona!
Really yummy soup and sandwich. \nService is great. \nAlways satisfied.
So fancy! Perfect spot for a 5 to 7. Love the decor and the music . I Defenitly  recommend this place for a nice corporate event.
Perhaps worst Chinese\nIn the genre's history.\nAvoid at all costs.
\"upscale bowling\".\n\ndoes anyone else find this to be an oxymoron?
The pork bone ramen soup is my new favourite Korean dish from this place. And with a price of $7.99 with all the side dishes, u can't go wrong.
Home sweet home love it ...only wish is more hot water for showers other than that it's a great place to live
Trader Joes is rad. Great food at great prices. They always have great new things and you really cannot go wrong.
Had a Tempura using in here. It was very simple and  clean taste. The actual noodle was not original udon but, made a good impression of taste.\nVery good..
If you like raw pork tacos, eat here. I will update later if I start throwing up on my plane ride home.
Ordered Philly and steak was burnt, fries over salted. Terrible
The cocktail waitresses are still hot.
Worst attitudes. Gets orders wrong. Simple orders too. Like I want a large Coke. NAHHH BRUH you get a diet cherry Coke. \n\nBruh.
Excellent food and very friendly servers! Top in Vegas !!\nGood price, fresh food. Perfect
Ask for Sam she's the best for Botox:) dramatic or conservative, she gives you her real opinion. \nI was referred to her by one of my male model friends.
Tacky... Decent food, probably high end for Gastonia. They do give you a lot of food for your money though.
The the staff is amazing and so easy to work with their prices are great you got to check them out!!!! I love them
i found the service here slow and the staff were stiff. The food was bland just like my review.
Shane was awesome! He was very helpful in the process!. We found our new frame here after checking tons other places. I even got free soda and popcorn!
TThe happy hour here is pretty good. They have a stage where live bands play. I wish they had more events using the stage.
Dr. Yilmaz genuinely cares about his patients and get to know their needs. His approach to psychiatric recovery will be appreciated by every patient.
Small store but has everything UPS offers. There's also notary service available. Employees are friendly and efficient.
I love coming to 1oak Nightclub. Great Party !! The music is Hip-hop and  Top-40 Contact  my Boy Hector Morales 6194716604\nGuest-list 10:30PM-12am
Awesome sales staff ,very  professional. \nFriendly and helpful service staff. \nI just don't see a reason to do business with a different Honda dealership. \nThank you\nTony O
Great vet clinic. They have full service including a fabulous groomer.
I wanna go there n ask a white girl out I love this place there the hyenas are cute and lovely
The worst customer service I have ever experienced from anyone in Vegas ever!  I highly do not recommend giving your business to this company.
You guys do realize that this Johnny Rockets is at a mall's food court, right?  The service isn't going to be the best.
Goodness gracious alive; holy martinis, batman.  Awesome music, hip clientele, and friendly, warm employees.  Best bar I've seen in Phoenix.
Fantastic food (coming from a family of Koreans) and great service. I'll definitely be going again.
Her brownies are so rich, they benefit from the extension of the Bush tax cuts.
I thought Yama was overpriced and below average. I would not recommend this place. I got the volcano roll and it was the worst sushi I have ever ate.
If I could give these guys 10 stars I would. This place ROCKS! \n\nIf it's bad it's YOUR fault. They make it YOUR WAY!
This club is pretty small, and rather interesting. \n\nBe sure to check out Midget night here!
Great airline, always friendly services always a great staff working. Southwest Airlines is super professional.
Unremarkable. I had three bone chips in my burger, could have broken a tooth. Beers are a buck or two overpriced.
I had Death By Chocolate.  Now I am dead and loving it.
Beware!!! They will quote you a price only to call you after 4 days and tell you it is more!!\n\nBetter places out there.
Not bad for a buffet. But the way people follow you around and monitor your food intake, it kind of feels like prison.
Laurie M. \n\nJust stop. Don't be scared of the POS. Doesn't scare people except you I guess.
This place is terrible for vegetarians. The only veg option had bits of beef in it.
Over priced for the quality and customer service was not the best. Go to Giardino's for a much better experience!
If eating overprice seafood while watching two bloodied boxers on HBO or gazing at classless, underdressed waitresses is your thing, you will love this place.
Good place to pump gas ! Always clean, lines short and the gas is cheap ! You can't go wrong. Plus they open around six am.
John showed up quickly and solved our problem. He is very good at his job and in addition a honest and nice person. He has our highest recommendation.
Bought a used car from Bell Honda.  Eric Steffes is the most knowledgeable salesman we have dealt with.  Very happy with the entire result.
Didn't give me a reason to recommend it.\nFloral, precious cocktails.\nOkay, overpriced food.\nNothing overly offensive is the best I can say.\nOutright stole their logo from Underground Food Collective.
I think it's funny that Barbara O gave Milan such a poor rating yet she came back and took a second program.
Disgusting smokey dive bar. Overpriced weak drinks and terrible service. AVOID!! Go to one of the many other terrible bars Monroeville. It's amazing this place is still in business.
For leaving me BEREFT, Luigi's, and without delicious pizza, I give you ONE STAR.\n\nI hate you for closing.
ok.  this review cannot wait.  i am in the middle of my sandwich and it is the best cheese steak i have ever had.  holy ****.
The barista at the Starbucks there either does meth or was just enjoying  making ugly faces at me and they have rotting old pumpkins.
Amazing place! The staff always goes above and beyond. They carry many different items and costume pieces, accessories, SFX makeup etc. There are so many great options.
Amazing food and a very attractive girl works there.
Their knockoff of what once my favorite sub was horrendous. Yet they still manage to charge more! Move along, people. There's nothing to see here.
I only tried its award winning hk styled milk tea. It is very smooth and won't give you any bitter or sour after-taste.\n\ncan't comment on other dishes though.
This was my preferred place to stay for many years - great rooms, great workout facility and architecture.  Great resort in general - loved everything about the place!
I ordered double pepperoni and double cheese.  Good thing, otherwise I wouldn't have been able to call it pizza.
Rentals Tempe has provided great service. Love the place I rent. Have been renting through Rentals Tempe for two years. Repairs timely.
Clean and spacious restaurant in McCormack Ranch.  Great to eat with friends or watch a game on the tv with a drink \/ appies.
This place sucks! Super pricey and the girls are all stuck up. Never again we all had a terrible time!
Sister went in today and had two teeth pulled. After they pulled them they told her they dont prescribe pain medication. Wtf!!!!
Only 2 draft beer available! WTH! \nAnd they weren't good at all - because I can't remember the name of it. Pitcher was cheap though. Pass!
The combination of the sweet homemade sauce, freshly made sausage and fresh cheese is outstanding. If you are craving a sweeter pizza I recommend Johnnies.
My new obsession. So delicious! Just try it! The service here is so friendly and nice and the portion sizes seem really large too!
No more access to United Club with AMEX Platinum. I hate the fact United has taken over Continental.
My review, very fresh, awesome sashimi. Crap for rolls & sauce is weak and shitty shitty appetizer. I don't know what the hype is all about.
If you're ever in PHX this place is a must.  They make the best drinks and the staff is super friendly
Forgot to pack my order for delivery so the driver showed up with nothing but soup. Then they wouldn't even refund me. Worst
H&R has had my accounts for over 12 years now and the pricing just keeps going up and up
This is really cute and awesome place for my daughter and myself. I'd love to come back soon!! Thank you all staff and Rainey!! Rainey!! You're an awesome artist!!!
Love the service \nNever delay\nLove the feeling that everyone for Southwest look the same\nAnd the best mileage plan in United States\nI will keep flying with Southwest for sure!
Great products at decent prices. The t-shirts are awesome. Store is clean and the staff is friendly. Also, the store is decent sized.
No need to return, unless Corrie is pouring. Basically the Check-in bar, I'd rather get a drink at All-American and avoid a little smoke.
Sounds like Christine K,'s Review is very personal and not impartial. I have had work done a Wolberts and found nothing wrong with the  service.
We are absolutely stoked that we made our flight AND have Nicholas as our flight attendant! Flight 207. Nicholas is awesome energetic and very p
wow the worst service I've ever received they mangled my finger nails I left crying no exaggeration do not go there!!!!!
Good desert, why not have a frozen custard once in a while? Staff is super friendly, and very quick too!
The manager, Michael is not a people person. No personality what so ever. The rooms suck.
Big rooms, clean, nice pool, quick check in. Not that accommodating and too many bullshit fees for a pricey hotel.
WOW! The user ratings are horrible.\nI am seriously considering purchasing the 2015 Chrysler 200.\nHowever, the user ratings are plain scary!
The custom innovations that roll out of this place are mind blowing. Kevin, the owner, is top notch,  Highly recommend!
Tower shops sucked. Smallest selection ever. Sketch vibes. Visit Caesars palace instead for better shops
It's all about the drive through ATM. For serious.\n\nAnd the tellers inside are always really friendly and helpful.
Flight delayed by an hour without any explanation and the gate sign showed original departure time.\n\nDidn't expect this from our friends at Southwest Airlines.
It was good. A bit odd, though, for a Saturday night to be so scarcly attended.
Seriously have to the skills of a defensive lineman to dodge all the up-selling.  Shady!
It's the worth company to fly with.\nThere is consistent delay with baggage every time I fly. Aircraft is old.\nNot recommended unless you have no choice.
Really good...solid ice cream shop. Friendly staff. Nice indoor and outdoor seating areas. Ice cream was delightful and would certainly go back to try a sundae!
Seriously the best prices and selection for alcohol. I don't even care that the cashier recognizes me by my frequent visits.
If you are looking for authentic Chinese cuisine, this is not the place to go! Do not go here if you are Chinese. They serve Americanized Chinese food!
Why would you go here for Espresso when Caffe Art Java exists in Montreal?  Ya, please serve me some espresso from a pod...good? lol
fuck Sterling brunch. good service, but the food was ass. Not worth $100 per person. Lobster tail? more like rubber tail.
Staff I dealt with was friendly but took too long to get my boarding pass and bag checked in. Gates are clean and have plenty of charging stations.
A little pricey, but do a good job! Loved my pink and white fill! Got lots of compliments on my nails. Pedicure was pretty good. Good nail salon overall.
Sweet deal! My husband and I pigged out like 5 year olds!
Mediocre, Bachannal Buffet is 10x better.\nThe food was terrible for the price, the service was amazing.\nWouldn't come back at all, big waste of $95 in my opinion.
Lots of middle aged men and fake boobs.  If that's your thing you're probably already there.
Love this place! Amazing omelettes and coffee. One of my favourites is watermelon salad with feta cheese, onions, tomatoes, mint and dressing. It's a very refreshing meal for summer!
Mike Lucas is the sexiest bartender in the world.  Think pedophile mixed with car mechanic.... that's his rustic look.  You'll fall in love.
I took away a star because you took those pizzas I like off the menu.  Put them back and I will return your star unharmed.
I have been waiting for a refund on two airline tickets I was promised since February and have still not received it. The customer service was abrupt and rude.
if you didn't already know, they serve very monster plates. this is why people love and hate america\n\n(great hangover location as well)
They've always done a good job on my dog but they are not overly friendly to the animals or their owners :\/
It was my first time there. I was greeted by friendly faces. Love their Tres Leches !!
The prices were ridiculously marked up on the beer, wine, and liquor.
Awesome flight to Melbourne, AU. Got to fly on the 787 which is an amazing airplane. Everything was top notch.
Good food - fresh sashimi, tasty fried chicken, fast service. \n\nThe spicy udon was a hit. Just like in J-town.
Great service, very friendly and helpful...prices very fair and they are more than willing to help with any matter
Authentic Japanese tastiness....light and tasty for kushiage!!! Should be a great choice when considering Raku, Ichiza, or Kyara!!!!!!! Who ever thought fried boiled eggs would be so tasty!
Imagine a Firkin pub. Imagine it less tacky. Imagine it grimier. Imagine it smaller. You are imagining Rails & Ales.
Needed a jump, ended up buying a battery through roadside assistance. I am very happy.
Fairly decent restaurant and certainly not my favorite. I've had Korean BBQ both in the U.S. and in Asia and they still a lot of work to do.
I got my wisdom teeth out and never felt anything except a little uncomfortable. It was such an easy time. My recovery was super fast. Highly recommend!!!!!!
Very bad service. They don't show up and are difficult to reach. Do not risk using these for your pool !
One of the curly-haired waitresses grabbed my wallet and looked through it without my permission when I was paying for my cover fee. It was intrusive and disgusting.
We had a wonderful experience working with Beth Mulcahy and her staff. A very honest and knowledgeable law firm. I would highly recommend the Mulcahy Law Firm!
Eli's is often a breakfast stop we make before hitting the Medina County farmers market.  If you want gourmet, go next door to Marie's.  Divey, greasy, cheap, awesome.
Instead of complaining for cheap dentistry work from a dental school. Go pay full price from a license dentist. What a bunch of Bitches!!!!!
Dear Cherry Cheesecake Milkshake,\nI love you. Be mine, forever and always.\nYours in faith,\nStephen K. and his enormous appetite
One word. Unbelievable.
What burrito comes with no beans cheese or rice... what a lame experience. Won't return
Archi's now lets you order online for take out!  BAD A$$!!!!!!!!
A place of gluttony and waste especially if you get involved with the locals.
May do a good job but never called me back to schedule a quote which is pretty sad customer service. Moving on to someone else.
Our go to family favorite for bulkogi and manapua! Can never remember that they are closed on Monday's though, LOL!
SUPER laid back staff to help with any smoke needs you may have.....killer selection as well!!!
Pathetic excuse for pizza. It ended up in my tree. I am serious.
I like the buffet, but that's about it. The slots are tighter than a frog's asshole, and the place is smokier than hell.
Bouncer yelled at us from 100 yards away that we cannot get in. \n\nPolo's, hats, shorts, typical dilworth\/Myers park folk stay away. Money doesn't matter.
Are you gluten intolerant ? Don't look any further ,this place basically open doors for people like you.\n\nGreat customer service and hands on ownership.
Pro:\n-great location near bike path\n-hip crowd\n-OK diner style food\n-eclectic decor\n\nCon:\n-exceedingly hot in building\n-noxious bathroom odor\n-relatively long wait\n-griddle stench head to toe upon leaving\n-cold potatoes\n-hip crowd
Great ramen spot! They have vegan broth and spinach noodles. If your vegan, you have have another ramen place to hit-up. Enjoy!
Best Studio in Scottsdale! Right in the heart of Old Town.
I came 11:35 they didn't sell me anything :) because they closed cashier on 11:30pm. Yelp says close 12:00am\n\n\nAmateur business. They just gave me \"sorry\" lol :)
The last 3 or so times I've visited, they've been closed 15 minutes early.\n\nOn the plus side, I've discovered I look damn good with longer hair.
I love my blow dry with Natalia. Always does a great job, never disappointed.
Cool historical place with a restraunt and venu for events. $5.00 group donation to wander around and definitley worth it for the views and history.
Food was ok, very bland with not much seasoning.\nPricey for the selection.\nNot much to say besides underwhelmed.
my son bought tickets for this with my credirt card illegally- underage without my permission and the promotion company will not refund me- RIPOFF!!!
great product good price ---HORRIBLE business ethics.  Filing in small claims court this week.  Lets get ready to RUMBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Still dingy on the outside.  After an initial first bad experience, the food quality has increased.  Eggs Benny to Greek.
Updating review!\nSeems new owners have taken over and revamped the place. It's a huge improvement and has become one of my favorite dives in Scottsdale.
Scene: 1am, stumbling from who knows where, 2 cousins find themselves on the steps of Ian's.  What ensues?\n\nMac 'n Cheese pizza slice\nPenne pasta pizza slice\n\noh.my.gawd.
Still renting with them the late fees could be less but I'm happy they work with me in my  hard times
Mayweather is a sleazy boxer as well as a sleazy gentleman's club owner, he takes your PPV money and your $50 cover charge. nuff said.
First time here.  The food and service are good.  They have great peanut salad dressing for lunch.  Yum!
The gold standard for casinos everywhere. Just bring a fat wallet, you won't find many $5 tables here.
Well-organized, good prices, decent people, varied selection, accessible location. For a thrift joint.\n\nFound some fun housewares in good condition. Including an ivory candle Buddha. Score!
So NOT rokkin':\n\nSpace did not ROK my senses.\nPeople definitely did not ROK my lust meter.\nDrinks did not ROK my liver.\n\nPrice ROKKED, free.
If I could rate this lower than 1 star,  I would.  They completely over charged me, and it was very obvious they did it too.\n\nDo not go here.
To make it short & sweet, overpriced \"swill\".
What can you say really... This place is all about eye candy. The wings are mediocre. The cleavage is above average!!
This is absolutely abysmal. I'm sitting at the table trying to figure out how to get my money back...
found them after the moved, stealthy!\n\npronounced wou-chee-NAN-go but you will say WOW-chee-NAN go with the two key syllables  being WOW & GO!
A yelp disappointment!  This place was no more special than your local Denny's.  Definitely not worth the 45 minute wait.  Save your time and eat elsewhere less crowded.
if you like 19-year-old music and 19-year-old vomit and waiting in line with 19-year-olds wanting to listen to shitty music and puke, this is your place.
Goodbye ..Winter 09  we barely knew thee!!   It's time for Spring , pack away your sweaters, get out your shorts!!
This place needs to be featured on an episode of Bar Rescue.\n\nBeyond terrible service.
$5k for a dress that doesn't make me look like a million bucks...no thank you.
Love love love local farmers markets. I personally don't like going into Guadalupe, but I needed to. I stopped by and loaded up on Paleo supplies. Great stuff!!
I didn't hate them.  And I love that they are an independent.  But I'm not much into sweets.\n\nI like their breakfast but I'm more of an Omlette house fan!
Real Thai food.  Hard to find in this town.  Lunch Specials are great and when you oreer a ten its got some good heat to it.
nice crew fast service. was in and out pretty fast.
They are unapologetically slow, fresh, clean, and full of quality, tasty, good stuff....\n\nhow could I not love Baja Fresh?  It's just like ME!
Meh. I've experienced better.
Crooks. I should've got a bus pass. #driveAWAY \nDon't do it! Carpool,walk, run, skip, hop, crawl, before you think about using them. Aloha
An old lady threw up all over the table tonight.
If I could give zero stars I would ugly strippers fat gross they have blue waffle .... Poor customer service ... discriminatory against toes .... discriminatory against hot bitches
Got food poisoning here. They cook the food for you and the employee cross contaminated the meat. He was constantly handling cooked and then raw meat.
I could eat at Swish every day! The food is really good and I've never been unhappy with the service. I highly recommend the Kobe Beef \"Hungry Plate\"
Ordered spare ribs which are on the menu and a recommendation. They were out of them and it would be an hour to get them. Awful logistical management.
Decent food in a bad location.  I don't like hanging out on south park if I don't have to.
Business owners reached out to me with alleged photographic evidence of recycling.   Shall keep Yelptard nation posted.
Lots of options, clean, and cheap.  \nBrightly lit.  Moths would love it.\nIt's a buffet- don't expect great service.\nJust shut up and eat, you little piggies.
I don't recommend. The food is about as good as a Thai booth in a food court. Delivery was cold and they forgot the sauce.
Excellent food and great service really give you a good feeling like you in a family restaurant with the best food \nI will definitely come back soon thank you
The restaurant ambiance is a four. The food is a five. The cocktails are a five. Our waitress was an 11.
\"WHAT?!\" \"I CAN'T HEAR YOU!\" This would be a great place to take someone you don't want to talk to\/ have a hard time talking with.
Guess I was super hungry when I went here before.....\n\nFood is bland and its not that great.....
The atmosphere and management made me want to chug a gallon a bleach and hang myself. The manager looked like a child molester.
Innovative kitchen tools, extensive selection of awesome kitchen gadgets, nice store to buy a gift nobody else have, I recommend it 100%.
Great place!  Location location location!  Close to almost everything you could need!  Groceries within 1.5 miles, restaurants around the corner, etc....
Shit, waste of money and time. It was OLD FOOD!\n\nMake your food fresh and don't pre make it, trying to make sure no one else eats their black \"greens\"
The general manager of this restaurant, Tony Diez, harasses the workers severely. The management is absolutely horrible and the food is terrible. Don't go here.
Worst customer service ever!!! The hostess was more then rude & spoke to us like we were stupid & the manager was clueless
Highly unprofessional to take reservations and then make your patrons wait. No apologies or explanations. Epic fail.
My favorite place to eat.  Great.  Clean. Great food and service.  Classy and close to my house.  Love love love it!
Great ice cream..some of the best in the city..sketchy neighborhood...so make sure to go in the day time!
The Mediterranean Chicken Salad is to die for...no, really I almost ran over someone to get to Pita Jungle. \n\nJust jokin'...the salad is great though!!! :)
Stay away! Claimed to have \"fixed\" hose, turned water on without asking permission and caused 10K in damages they say they aren't liable for!!
Best coffee and soda drinks section that I have ever encountered in a service station. As for the gas, it is a very wide pump area.
Ummmm bacon fried rice? Need I say more?
OMG!! Took a class from Khalid Baguinda. Hands down best class I have ever taken. Best hip hop teacher I've had the pleasure of learning from.
It's just the best cheesesteak I've ever had in my life, that's it.
Terrace studio has great view at all time. You can view the fountain of bellagio and enjoy the musical water show on the bed.....
I thought I disliked brownies, but these are damn good. In fact, every flavor is delicious. I was pleasantly surprised.
I am a burger specialist. Their burgers are ok at best. The meat is frozen not fresh and all bread.
First time here today and it was all that and a bag of vegan chips! Very friendly service, awesome food, nice vibe, great music.
My colleague bit into his egg roll to spit out a bolt. No further review necessary (see photo).
Best service around. Prompt, polite, professional. I would not go any where else!. They checked my tires and a light I had on. It was appreciated .
was alright, had better. there is a lot of variety, many in which were very unique. Atmosphere is welcoming, and people were very friendly :)
Tons of scummy folks loitering around everywhere, got asked to buy drugs within five minutes, found a scab in the sheets, etc. etc.
Had Zach massage me. He was awesome. \nThis location is one of the bigger ones, lots of rooms. Front desk ladies were awesome. Not robots. Friends but not fake.
We purchased furniture from Jeanne Hughes.  She was great and very helpful during two visits to the store.  We felt the prices were fair and the service was great.
I know they are evil, but I can't help myself. Try living three blocks away. I don't know why, but I love everything they are selling.
Modern feel, nice and safe.. \n\nOnly dislike. Why is the garage door always broken? What is going on?
food: ok \n\nservice: great\n\nprices: great\n\ndecor: ok\n\noverall: its alright.\n\nnot too much more to write about
NO! Its terrible. Completely irrelevant to what they are learning in school. Its just a waist of money
Girls only accepted $20 lap dances on a Tuesday! No good, it should be $10 lap dances for a Tuesday.
Um...this place kinda rocks.  Good quality wash for being fully automated.  And they guarantee their wash for the following 2 days.  How cool is that?
The Lakes is a great community to live in.\nNear shopping, restaurants, public neighborhood school, and several childcare centers and preschools.
Night crew here is RUDE! I'll stick to the drive thru. Girl at the counter was unfriendly.  So was the rest of the staff.
It's aged a bit, but it's still a pretty decent hotel. Rooms are big and the bathrooms were good; they flush really well.
This is the worse pizza I've ever eaten.\nI'm from Chicago and we use real cheese! I don't know what they use.
Horrible customer service!! Waited an 1 hour and 30 min for over priced cold food. The server was ridiculously rude.  And this was the to go box,
The gondola was very fun.  I wish it was longer but it was a relaxing experience.  If only it could have lasted longer.
I've found it, chinese food that matches my favorite from home in everyway. Today is a happy, joy, joy day !
This place smells like old clothes. Occasionally I can find a good deal but I think a lot of their stuff is over priced.
Only come here if you're with similar wannabe-hipster, faux art geek, or i'm-a-gentrifier-pretending-not-to-be-one kinda person.\n\nall the same, good for some nights = )
Clean hospital with friendly workers. Mom works here and loves it. Wanting to work here in the future because I am satisfied of the way the hospital runs.
Two stars just for the fun of it...  but might be the dirtiest place I've seen...
I'm 101% Mexican and I love this place! \nTheir food is so authentic que voy a terminar esta oración en español!
Doing the double-double animal style.  Though I still have love for fries well done, I made the switch back to good old regular.
Very good well worth it . Very clean place and the lady was very friendly . Will definitely will be going back
\"Tastes like I'm eating school lunch.\"\n\n\"This place deserves a negative 10.\"\n\nThat's all I need to quote from 2 adolescent boys.
This place sucks donkey balls! Do not come here ever! You can not use any delivery service, they will not deliver because off strip.
Bunch of crooks! Friend of mine bought a 12 000$ wedding band about 12 years ago. Go it appraised and evaluation to redo the same is about 2000$
So far two massages and they both have been awesome. Very professional, knowledgable and location is close enough to walk too. Signed up for a monthly massage.
The only reason it gets even one star is because they sell Redbridge gluten free beer. Seriously.
Great place, and food, staff is great, especially Terence, he is a great server and treats people as number one.
beautiful area, great customer service, great place to live!\n\nclose to old town! free trolley! tons of food around here too!
Seriously? A $10 delivery fee to drive 4 miles for a $20 pizza. What else is there to say. How ghetto. Choke on it.
Hey!  You a plus sized woman looking for a velour cougar print shirt or shirts with horizontal stripes?! Go here!!!
The wife & I had our 28th anniversary here last year, and loved it! Nice menu selections, everything we tried was yummy! Going back for our 29th this month!
The drinks are cheap, they let me charge my phone, and sometimes you get yelled at by a prostitute! 5 stars for an authentic Vegas experience!
Quick service, clean remodled store. \n\nI had a breakfast burrito and I swear they are better then the 'berto' places.\n\nNothing to complain about here!
Owner is from NY and was probably exiled for making the sub-par pizza that he does.  How could anyone ruin pizza and salad so spectacularly?
Most of the food items were good. Portions were small and there was a bit of a wait to get a table. Overall, not really my cup of tea.
Carve out an hour and a half and a huge chunk from your wallet with no return on your money or time spent.
Maybe it's the beer talking, Nachobot, but you got a butt that won't quit.  You've got these big, chewy nachos...sfdakljagl;kfgjal;gkja;gll;asdfk...\n\nSeven dollars?!  Get outta here...
What can I say... It's bad. \nAll the curry tasted watered down, poorly seasoned; chicken was dry, overcooked. \nWasn't a pleasant experience.
Go there. You wont regret it!!!!!!!  Best breakfast around hands down!!!!
I've been here a bunch of times. The food is always good, the service is always great.
Great coffee and Andy is super nice. Best option downtown.
Made a reservation over two hours in advance and when we got there still made us wait 45 min.
*sssssssshhhhhhhhhhhhh*\n\ni'm effing melting into my brie burger.
I've never been in a spa shower that loses water pressure when someone flushes the toilet.
Great service and food. There is tons to choose from.  Come and enjoy the strip with some tasty dishes and drinks.   The Bloody Mary looked amazing for weekend brunch.
Where do you go when you want to date a doctor? Data Doctors!\n\nNo but actually they are really friendly and helpful.
Great burgers and shakes. Worth risking your life exiting off of Independence.
Most things are more expensive than other grocery store.  And their playlist sucks! Can't stand it!
Dear future Daniel. \n\nRemember.   Airport Sushi is not your friend. \n\nYou will forget this later, but then you will recall and remorse.  \n\nFish were not ever meant to fly.
Pasta Brioni in a nut shell: Hot waiters. Mediocre food.
Sausage fest. \nAnd the quality of the guys in there- drunk, creepy, sloppy DBs. Ewwwwww\nService was also terrible. The servers were snarky and slow
Very cool place to stop by if you're in Las Vegas.  A bunch of different flavors to try.
This location is no longer called El Nuevo Taquitos. It has been renamed Tacos Mi Ranchito.
This place is just bad... like real bad...\n\nHow difficult was it to add more onions in the McDouble?\n\nI guess too difficult.
I love the new location.  Plenty of room, new and clean interior, new furniture.  Real plates (though funky metal things).  Same food, better surroundings.  It can get better!
Who knew you could be so moved by water?!?!  If you are in the area, PLEASE check out the Fountains of Bellagio.
Lines move quickly, they serve coffee & snacks, and they are always friendly. Drive thru ATM's also.-Really why is there braille on the drive-thru ATM?
Pretty awful beer if you ask me, weather it be these taps or the brewery itself, it's all crap.
Ordered dinner through GrubHub.. \nFood. Was. Terrible. No season. No flavor. No salt... Beyond disappointing.
Sooo much better then other locations. \n\nI scored a pair of Paradigm bookshelf speakers for $12.99. They are in perfect condition and retailed for $220. LOL
Pour your own tap beer. Yes please. 60\/40 bacon patty, oh yes. And beating White D at pool... Priceless!
Found this gem on Yelp. Best burger place ever! Great shakes and I love the jalapeño popper burger a must have. Their fries are outstanding! Love the sauce!
Talk about a mouth party. Holy cow. Bacon wrapped dates that are stuffed with sausage? Incredible.
Still a wonderful little \"outa the way\" cafe. Yay for that and yay for the expansion of wonderful small shops in this neck of the Beaches. :-)
great customer service! Scott knows his stuff. friendly staff. good prices on their home made flavors!
Palestinian food i love it \nFalafel and hummus \nIts amazing \nIt took me back to old days with the arabic Palestinian taste \nThank you
If I could give zero stars, I would! Served warm beer and the food was a joke! Never again.....
Fried rice they brought us was simply spoiled, caused 2 day diarrhea but nothing serious.
The General Manager Dan righted a wrong today, kudos to him for that.
Bad food, bad service.\n\nShould change the name to diaBLOW'S.\n\nTwo stars though for the \"free\" shot.\n\nNever mind, the chicken mascot flipped off my boyfriend. One star.
Official Hooker Capitol of Las Vegas.  'nuf said.
Friendly and fast service.  They   installed and adjusted my seat  after my tune up even though I had purchased it elsewhere.  Thanks, guys!
Stopped in late on a Saturday evening and they were out of ham and they were out of white bread. Otherwise, it was good.
Just don't go here. As someone previously said it's WAY overpriced. The food is just as shitty as the price.
The typical shitty, Scottsdale night club.  Somehow having numerous rooms is impressive to people.  But each room is full of douchebags.  Don't waste your time going.
Licensed.\nAlcoholic milkshakes.\nThere's a record store near by.\nAnd Analog at the corner.\nThe burgers are good.\nThe fries are fine.\nBut it's those Alcoholic milkshakes man.\nThose milkshakes...
Teenage girls are much more label aware...even than their mommies.\n\nDecent clothes for a casual girl who likes shorts, this is my daughter's favorite clothing store.
17 South: where the ribs are not as good as home and your hungry sixteen-year-old gives a it a grade of C.\n\n 'Nuff said.
Wow!! I'm blown away, Best vegan burger in town for sure. Can't wait to try everything on the menu.
Food 3\/5 decor 3\/5 staff&service 4\/5\nGood food, good prices, quick service. Kids and group friendly makes it a casual experience. Just wished it wasn't so loud.
Had a nice time at the Carlos Jones free concert.Dont really come down theer for anything else.
Love this new threading spot with a really great opening special - only $7 for eyebrows and upper lip!\nAll you've got to lose is unwanted hair ;)
some haiku's\n\nFifteen dollar Pho?\nOh hell no, I don't think so\nWe shared other stuff.\n\nVietnamese drip\nThe coffee helped me revive\nAfter long weekend
i wish they had more lollipops and a sugar free section but they are limited in space!\ntheir large gummy worms are hilarious!
Great place to get your vaping needs. Awesome accessories great flavors. Best customer service.
Mall goths, RUN!  Dejected teenagers, fresh out of their mother's minivans and \"Hot Topic\" traipsing the area.  Careful or you'll trip over one! ;)
These guys are great. Knowledgable, helpful, and friendly! Auto parts store service do-it-yourselfers so it is a must that service is helpful and friendly. Highly recommended!
No displayed pricing on products is illegal!! Fix it by next week before I report you! \n\nhttps:\/\/dwm.az.gov\/resource\/pricing-tips
These guys are top notch professionals.   Would recommend them to anyone looking to buy or sell a home.
Best damn pizza attached to a gas station I've ever had! Go Falbo Bros!
The guys in the gun department did an excellent job of making my husband and I feel invisible.
Ah absolutely nothing better at 5 AM when I'm in who-knows-what dimension. If their sandwiches had vaginas then women wouldn't matter. It's Vegas, baby!
This restaurant microwaves all the dishes in plastic wrap which has been known to cause cancer.\nI would stay away.\nThe owners also do not like Americans, just Turkish people.
This particular location is filthy,disgusting and horrible. If you don't mind these things you'll have a great time.
They are an amazing company, they reallly care about their customers !!
Good food reasonable prices near the movies, what more can you ask for.
Amazing place full of amazing people doing amazing things...Home of the best Pastor I have ever had!\n\nOpen to everyone and non-judgemental.
Carlos Castro is the man to work with , he is polite and goes the extra mile to help  you out ...... ask for Carlos HE ROCKS
One time my friend ate a ton of salt here and barfed all over the place.
Not sure why I decided to give them a second chance. I won't make that mistake again. \n\nCan we say UBER!?
Our office goes here like once a week. It's retarded, but we love it. But when you're VIP ballers, this place is awesome. You jealous?
I find it ironic that Camping World is a colossal failure of a business while their CEO has a TV show that's about fixing broken businesses...
We are very happy to eat here. it is a great place for us to eat, and it is a traditional Chinese hot pot, perfect!!!
Poor service. Owner could care less and maybe that's why he's struggling financially.
9 DOLLARS FOR AN EGG SALAD SANDWICH!!!???? Not today, I turned right around and walked out. You have got to be kidding me.
Food good, service not so much.\nFelt like I wore my invisible clothes.\nNot sure I'll be back and it's 3 minutes drive from my house.
Lettuce Entertain You cards are a must if you eat here as much as I do!  It pays off totally!
This tram is fun to ride to and from the Excalibur. This is conveniently located in front of Excalibur, Luxor, and Mandalay Bay.\n\nHave fun!
I absolutely love to Pumpkin Custard!!! It is absolutely worth the money to order a super... to get the 6 scoops. Flavors are always changing.
Love some Tiki Lounge.\nDrink specials? A waterfall?\nJungle black out time.
A great new Cajun Sports Bar just opened last week near the corner of McDowell and Hayden Rd.
This place is ghetto. I thought it was mayfield heights not Compton
My ice water is literally the perfect temperature and I'm waiting on my roast beef sandwich!
This wire was in my bacon breakfast burrito!! Do NOT eat at this location !!!\nNOBODY was able to speak English when I returned with the wire!!
Standard Mexican fare in a grimey Campustown shitbox.\n\nFriendly staff. Good chips. Good salsa. Good prices.
very small and you could tell a lot of the people there were under aged
I've been informed the 3% credit card service charge is no longer in effect. Plus one star from my previous review for that!
Had terrible service with my driver. He was very rude. Will NOT use apache taxi again.
Very private and quiet place to eat, no one really knows about this place.\nBig bill to pay next month... haha
They're ID policy is really bad.\nI got in without an ID by saying I was John A.'s twin.
The worst pizza I have ever experienced. And to go along with that I had to wait forever to have that experience.\nNEVER again. No Way, No how.
fresh fruit. And the entire store are just impressive \nPersonally recommend the mango. Also try the organic low fat yogurt ice cream
Free pizza for girls who flash the cashier?  This place is a shit-show.   No thanks.
Great food and service. We were impressed with how helpful our waiter was and with the flavor of the food. The garlic naan was tasty.
$3.75 for a Honey milk tea.  The drink was pretty good.\n\nFriendly service. Definitely will come back again if I am in the area.
Awful service, waited in drive thru for literally 26 min with no service. They are supposed to be 24hrs!!! I'm drunk, hungry and pissed off
It's a nice gym. Come here if you want hot yoga because they don't use the AC here, like at alllll
Beautiful, brand new apartments! The staff is so friendly and helpful. I love the Starbucks coffee in the cyber lounge. I can't wait to move in!
fantastic lunch buffet for the price ! friendly staff . delicious butter chicken and some crazy carrot salad dish that is like crack i couldnt stop! yum
Burger was burnt to a crisp.\nPizza was salty as a shaker full of salt.\nService was nowhere to be found.\n\nNeedless to say, we will not be returning.
Another 5-star interaction with AmazingKeys.com!  $200 Lexus key for 60 bucks.  Amazing service.
- Located near Sun City in an older shopping center\n\n- Parking was convenient\n\n- Friendly staff\n\n- Product selection was very good\n\n- Prices were reasonable\n\n- Diverse class selection\n\n- Cute store
Don't do it. Just keep walking... walking away.\n\nThe food is terrible. Service is as bad as you'd suspect in a casino restaurant.\n\nJust don't do it.
My favorite club in Charlotte. Great food & drink and an excellent selection of ladies.
Loved it! Delicious shabu shabu! Great sauces. As good as the shabu shabu in Little Tokyo in downtown LA. Will definitely be back.
This place is the worst.  The majority of the staff are the most miserable-appearing, empty-eyed people I have encountered in quite some time.  The customer service is severely lacking.
Very honest, competent staff. Would not go anywhere else. They always are fair and will try to save you money if possible.
No customer service at all. They all sit around and laugh and joke and talk instead of working.
The pizza was actually very good.  But, the restaurant decor is all about freedom, guns and Donald Trump.  That's a dealbreaker.  I won't be back.
just trashy times. Good, but trashy. I met a dancer who made her ass clap so loud, it muted out the music.
The worst bank ever \nFriday afternoon \n17 people in Line with 1 teller\n5 other employees joking around doing nothing \n\nOh 2 greeters \n\n\nI would sooner be at dmv \n\nSuuuucks
He was so sweet and gave me his banana because I was going to faint and he's a very talented artist. WOULD RECOMMEND
These guys were really cool. Decent price, good selection, and nice layout. Worth checking out if you're bringing someone for a first time shabu shabu experience.
One of my favorite Mexican restaurants.  Love the chicken enchiladas with either 3 or 4 flames sauce.
Two words: food poisoning. If you're trying to lose a fast ten pounds from a terrible stomach bug, this is your restaurant. Otherwise, you may want to reconsider.
This place is really fouled up, had an appointment, got there, waited for 15 min, and no one came out to Even talk to me, creeps!! Never again!
I've tried this place a few times, that was my last time. The food is not good to me.
We come here all of the time and it's amazing. We love the owner he is always hands on and that's why this place stands out.
So it turns out her haircut was done by someone with less than 6 MO of experience without notification...
If you like your hair...don't go.
Cheap and delicious with a super friendly employed at 3:30 am. The bagel was soft, subtly sweet, and chewy. \n\nI have been ruined for NY style bagels for life.
This is the single best fried chicken on the planet. The only thing missing is the bulletproof glass.
Popcorn and a soda was over $14. Several of the seats in theater 4 we tried didn't recline. Clean and nice for a luxury movie experience.
Place is a terrible example of Brooklyn style pizza.\n\n\nThey pretend to be Italian but their Russian \n\nNuff said
Don't bother going here to watch the Soccer game the whole bar has already been reserved we all left...very disappointed...
Go.  See Heather.  Get threaded.  Enjoy compliments.  Repeat.
I can't go beyond.... HOLY MOTHER THERESA!  They really treat you like royalty.  We had a suite overlooking the lake... you know, THE LAKE... and it was absolutely breathtaking.
I'm addicted to diet cherry limeades.  I haven't tried the food but I can highly recommend their tasty beverages.
Love the Spanish Philly cheese steak it tastes really good, so far this is the tastiest Philly I had.\nThanks for a good service
Great mexican food with freshly cooked tortillas and homemade guacomole. Large portions as well. Could be a Chipotle-killer!
This place is terrible!!! I will not be returning ever!!! Service is good but my nail tech was horrible.
We went on a Sunday late morning (nearing 1pm).\n\nIt was a quality brunch but nothing memborable\n\nThe omelette  was solid\n\nPros:\n- Omelette\n\nCons:\n- Nothing stands out i guess\n- Location\n- Just okay
Their tires are so good they're guaranteed to never need replacing after 1 pm on a Saturday.  How else can you explain their hours?
No displayed pricing on products is illegal!! I tired to educate your manager but he didn't want to listen. Fix this before I report you next week! \n\nhttps:\/\/dwm.az.gov\/resource\/pricing-tips\n\nhttp:\/\/www.eastvalleytribune.com\/arizona\/court-retailers-can-be-punished-for-incorrect-prices-deception-or\/article_2b0b4482-beee-11e0-808e-001cc4c002e0.html
The guys here are awesome and they have great customer service! We will continue to use them for our auto needs!
fritz is the man.. he's been there over 10 years.. but Ni is also a great stylist... however for Color go see Christine...
Food is most definitely frozen and then reheated. Not fresh at all. It's like an overpriced Olive Garden but with worse food.
Can't... Speak...\nNo...Words...\nDrool....  Droooool...\nAshiatsu: I loooovvvvee you...\nJudy... Amazing...\nBesieged with pleasure...\n\nProper review to come.  Too relaxed and happy at current time.
Bad. Only good for 21 year olds and the creeps that want to stalk them. Tasteless interior and expensive drinks. Bad dj.
Brand new! Huge courtyard with amazing pool!
This is a pretty scary Walmart. Was literally scared the whole time I was in the store and practically ran back to my car clutching my mace
Terrible customer service.  They openly admit to treating groupon customers worse than others.  Don't advertise a groupon if you don't have the means to accommodate them.  DON'T GO HERE!!!!!!
Poor service, sub par sushi. If you like good sushi, do not come here! If you like the taste of old\/cold buffet food, this is your place.
Please fix your planes BEFORE loading passengers.  Seating people in order to work on that very plane for another hour is ridiculous.
The salon is so dirty we left before I let them cut me hair. The sanitizers were old and half full. The scissors and combs were a mess.  http:\/\/www.wellbuzz.com\/dr-oz-beauty\/dr-oz-pedicure-bacterial-infections-dry-pedicure-haircut-ringworm\/
Gov't hospital. You get what you pay.
So great!
Video lounge?  Huh?\nCafe?  Huh?  Try a gay bar.\nThat being said.....GREAT.
The new return policy is stupid. They get the order wrong often, and I say nothing. But this new policy is just stupid.
Friend and I stopped at the bar. Great options and excellent service. Best drink option is the margarita mixed with the \"3 way.\"
Personal service, great prices. My dad started going here and I had to follow! Would recommend them to everyone I know!
Good location.  Now I just wish they would open a CAT park now...yeah that would be sweet..  ;)
A thousand times better at night when it's brightly lit.  Afternoons are gross.
I love Cosmopawlitan! Staff is great and accommodating. We board our dog there and Jennifer takes good care of her!
Nice United Club location. Very comfortable and clean. The Men's Restroom is very small - basically one person at a time.\n\nStaff was very friendly.
$6 for a coke! Don't walk... run!!!
This is not the official Tailgaters site.\nGo to this one for more reviews:\nhttps:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz\/tailgaters-surprise\n\nBy the way, service is getting worse, time for me to change my review.
Excellent food. I like the new location too. The grilled veggies are amazing as everything here is!!!!! So happy that we discovered this gem!!!!!!!!!!
They burn the fries way too much\nLa Banquise lost it's touch\nIn Montreal a Poutine is a must\nBut this place is a bust\nTrust me daddy\nMy rhymes won me a Grammy
umm nothing beats it. why else do snow birds flock here for the winter?
A great place run by great people. The selection was excellent and prices aren't to STEEP.
This place is like Japanese food for white people. The food is terrible and expensive. Very bad service. Took reminding 4 times to get some ice water.
Such good food, hopefully Dirty Dining taught them a lesson.........lol. \n\n\nGarlic fried rice, Pad Ke Mao, soy chkn nuggets, orange chkn....
Earl of Sandwich! You are truly the best hot sandwich ever!  Why are you so far away from me? WHHHHYYYYY!?!!?
It looks like a chicago style pizza but tastes nothing like it. The sause is a bit bitter and burned.  Cheese is great. Over all I dont like it.
For my first time doing hookah I was completely unimpressed. With names like \" Trap Queen & Lesbihonest as flavors... I won't be revisiting this location.
I guess one mile is too far for them to deliver. Just ridiculous. If you live on the north side of route 2 don't bother calling here to order.
I purchased a pool view room. Does anyone see a pool view ? I sure don't. False advertisement.
I just don't get this bar. It's huge, it's affordable, but it just doesn't have much personality. A place called \"Clevelander\" should have tons of personality!!
Gray chicken meat, brown lettuce. Nice staff but distracted and unorganized. 2 out of 3 in our party were very dissatisfied.
Possibly the worst company I have ever dealt with. Very poor customer service, rude, incompetent employee, manager did not care when complained. Stay away from this company.
This place what a good spot for a quick happy hour. I enjoyed the Bye Falicia (drink) and the Mac & Cheese Balls.
Pretty nice little shop. They don't have everything but they have lots of things. Friendly staff and a cute little dog will definitely keep me coming back.
Now you see the douche bag, and with one puff of smoke, now you don't.  Absolutely dreadful.
If you enjoy partying with douchebags and 905ers, then go to this place.
This In N Out at UNLV tends to have a particularly amusing clientele:\n\nhttp:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/tro-hrljuY1cUAVFYauTlQ?select=1uPB-IOaoWd4s2jNFpZgVw\n\nLove the appreciation for irony there.  Nice.  \n\nOh yeah the burgers are better than crack too.
Every single bartender is a rookie. Not one of them knows the basic ingredients in any common drink! They didn't hire these chicks for their brains or abilities!
The shopping center is located in the center area of the Las Vegas Strip, modern and stylish, seasonal decorations, ultimate experience of luxury brands, acclaimed arts and fine dining.
Nice to look at, but it's much more crowded and everything's more expensive than the NYC location.
If slow was a GAME... this place would win. Employees either ignore or move like snails. Food is 3x what it should or is worth. Skip it.
Everything's really dry except for\n\nthe carrots that came with my buffalo wings\nthe celery \nand my water
And on the 7th day, God rested. But before he did he created Burger's Priest and saw that it was good. Very good.
Bellllllies!\n\nOne word. Bacon.
We had a blast in our jacuzzi suite for New Years! It suggested two people for the hot tub, but we EASILY fit six. Comfortably.
2 large cokes for almost $5 !?!?\n\nHell with you, czar of sirloin!  I'm going to McDonalds, Carl's Jr or QuikTrip from now on.
If you don't have $5000 cash don't even waste your time going here and that wont even get you a decent car.
The food tastes alright. The portion is rather large. The price is very reasonable.The line is long.
Extremely ghetto and overflowing with hood rats. Go to Target across the street if you can.
Just go.  Get the bruschetta.  Get a $5 glass of wine.  Get another.  Get another.  Get another.  Call a taxi.  Come back tomorrow.  Repeat as needed.
Gross- but if you're a lady you get a lot of free drinks.  Bring pepper spray.
You are my sweet sweet retreat from over processed Vegas-ites. Humble thanks to you ole D.D. \n\nSHUT UP AND DRINK, will ya'??!!
-Took 45mins to pick us up.\n-Yelled at us to help him unload bags, \"you guys are just standing there, come on\"\n\nChoose Park n Fly.
We have NEVER had a togo order that has been correct from here. EVER\n\nI am talking about 9-10 years worth...
This place is a dump.  And the owner is a clown. Zero going for it.  Stay away!!!
$47 for two bowls of basic (rare beef pho), salad rolls, chicken wings and Vietnamese coffee. \n\nWas ok but not memorable enough to come back.
This place is always closed. 3 time in 3 different days and there is a be right back in 20 min sign on the door.
Nice employees!  They smoothed out my complimentary Big Gulp coupon issue fast.
This here be redneck Disneyland. Can be on the expensive side, but they got taxidermied critters everywheres!
Jeremy and team are excellent to work with. I highly recommend you give them a call for your future real estate needs.
Good park! Clean and plenty large grassy area. Water for dogs and humans. Dogs and humans all behaved well on our visit.
Still the best!! Jessica and her staff are amazing and caring! Stay independent amd come here for all your scripts!
Fish tacos! Yum!\nShawarma, Mmmmm!!!!\nTurkish coffee, Amazing!!!\nService, excellent!!\n\nI'm coming back for more.
Crappy ass mall looks like it ghetto inside not many stores are left it like a ghost town inside it
One word: disgusting. From the decor to the employees to the food. Yuck. Was dragged here by my husband and will never return.
Dropped off my collection of 37 leather fanny packs (various colors)  and they had them cleaned and ready to rock in just a few days.  Good people!
A Review in Haiku: ChiropracTED\n\nDear Dr. Teddy | \nThanks for realigning me | \nCan't live without you!
Painfully slow pumps.  Dirty store.
I've been going to Carlito's since they were on Patrick Ln. Food quality is still superb. I recommend the stuffed sopapilla
it isn't starbucks.\ni mean, five stars right there.
Pathetic IKEA installation service!!! I don't know about moving service, because I didn't use their moving service.
If I wanted a watered down marg I would have just gone to save a lot.  Horrible service. The bartender was shitty towards me. Never coming back
Pork and Beans was really good! Just not as good as Union Pig & Chicken. (R.I.P.) They do sell 40's so pour a lil out for U.P.C.
Not very punctual. Was an hour and half late for my appointment. Girls at the desk all look like ducks and have really bad attitude.
My first stop there today.  Fantastic inventory, great pricing and unbelievable customer service from every member of the staff.  I did not believe this kind of service still existed.
Hey CIBC! Here's a tip! \n\nInstead of making people wait in line for a teller, have your \"greeter\" serve people instead of standing around guarding the stale coffee. :S
Usually love this place, and dig the #5 Vito...figured out the secret to how fast they are...they forget to add meat to their sandwich!! Not happy and very hungry!!
Would give ZERO stars if I could. Long live Uber & Lyft!!! Hope you go out of business.
Just eat here last night... Love the tomato soup. I dip the club sandwich into the soup and it tastes amazing. Open 24hrs for you late night eaters.
Great gallery and very sweet, knoweldgable curator named Kate!
Super fun place!  The laser tag layout was fun with plenty of space to move around.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  We will definetely return.
They have meat, beer and garbage bags all for sale at the same place!!!! the ONLY reason its not getting 5 stars is because they sell vegetables here too.
Housemade sauerkraut +spaetzle, sausage, and two fried eggs with custom HP like sauce on side?\n\nBrunch heaven. Better than you know what. \n\nWAY BETTER.
A Review In Haiku: Vegenation. \n\nGive me all the food | \nPut it in my vegan mouth |\nThank god for spandex.
Great food and friendly service! Somewhat pricey even for Happy hour but it's a definite must to check out!
This diner was a disappointment.  The food was bad and it was too expensive. Not going back.
Nice clean club, the bar staff is super nice, yummy tasting drinks, delicious food and amazing hospitality. The waitresses were very polite and fun.
Had Jimmy Johns delivered today from this location.  Loved the food, but not the smell of Marijuana on my drink and bag.  Great job delivery driver.
This is not your typical Costco.  Wait a minute...yes it is. \n\nCarry on...
I have enjoyed every massage experience I have had. I always ask for Jeff. He is my favorite and by now he knows exactly what I like.
Thanks for letting me use your bathroom this morning after buying a Boston Creme donut that wasn't half bad.\n\nThat is all.
I stomped on three small roaches while eating there. I told the server and the cashier and they both laughed.
OK restaurant, for a nice vietnamese breakfast, the food and soup was ok.\nThe servicewas ok.\nOverall, somewhat cheap, but good not excellent...
First, the average age is 70+ on a Saturday night.  That being said, the food is actually very very good.
Iain was extremely detailed in our inspection both verbally and on his report.  We are VERY satisfied with his services.
Kitchen demo tomorrow from 5-7pm! Free wine blind tasting, food, and a great time! Awesome!
Forgot how good their burgers are!  Met a dear old friend here for lunch. Had the bacon cheese burger and fries. Really yummy!
Dayum! Dayum! Five guys satisfies your cravings!\nhttp:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=gSvaf7frnxc\n\nI love five guys in my mouth! Yes, you read that wrong.
Service was fast and friendly and it's bacon themed. They have a peanut butter and jelly bacon burger. Need I say more.
BEST FROZEN YOGURT FLAVORS EVER.\n\nPumpkin pie.\nTurtle caramel.\nCake batter.\nCampfire marshmallow.\nCinnamon cookie.\nDutch chocolate.\nMarshmallow.\nPraline.\nPistachio.\n\nYup.
Amazing cheap breakfast joint! $2.99 for 2 eggs, toast, fries and tea! Only wish they were open all day!
Glorified Mandarin. Totally not worth the money. Take any Asian restaurant, pile \nthe food high, put some fresh herbs on top and you have Lee
An out of body experience that was both divine and grounding.  Must make an appointment soon and give yourself something you richly deserve. PFP, Scottsdale, AZ.
This buffet sucks.\nBad food... Crappy selection...\nAwful! \nSave your cash for something that doesn't totally suck balls!
Larger than other Total Wines I've been to. The craft beer selection alone won me over. Glad to have one on my side of town, I'll be back often.
This urban honky tonk has been padlocked shut after falling behind on rent...\n\nhttp:\/\/www.post-gazette.com\/stories\/local\/neighborhoods-city\/station-square-nightclub-saddle-ridge-closed-after-owners-failed-to-pay-rent-705023\/\n\n\nhttp:\/\/www.bizjournals.com\/pittsburgh\/blog\/morning-edition\/2013\/09\/saddle-ridge-closed-at-station-square.html\n\nI hope it becomes another concert venue.
Their service was horrible. The worst I have ever been associated with. Completely incompetent and over priced. I would never recommend this joke of a business.
Dr Mansfield extracted an infected molar for me under local anesthetic.  I thought he showed amazing skill combined with extraordinary carefulness.  Definitely recommend!
Forget about the Cosmo, customer service is AWFUL! \n\nGo to the Aria! It's just as nice and their staff and services is EXCELLENT!
虽然位置很好 东西也很贵 但是他们的厨子要去学一下什么叫medium rare 都medium well了 一块牛排跟嚼柴一样啊 太贵了所以忍痛继续嚼啊 脸皮薄服务员来问候的时候还要舔着脸说好吃。。。做人真累！
Bomb tacos....Chandler has been missing a \"go to\" place like this. GET YO tacos before Trump builds the wall.
This place is dark.\n\nDrinks are very, very cheap.\n\nIt is not crowded.\n\nNo hipsters.\n\nThe bartender is friendly.\n\nI love it.\n\nThe end.
I come to this location to get my granny and wizard porn.  If ya see a guy in an overcoat RUN!!
Worst service we almost waited an hour til the shuttle showed up even though there right across the street
A terrible place to go unless you are looking to get cocaine. A really bad crowd and everyone here either does drugs or sells them.
The receptionist \/customer service agent  is awful! She has such a bad attitude that it kind of brought me down. She must hate her life.
Love working out here just alot of creepy guys that must go to the gym just to stare at woman really creepy
Called and. Left message. Told them that I had a home invasion and neeed a 6 camera system.  They have not returned my call and follow up second call.
The rice was microwaved in the plastic container before they piled the veggies on. This food is going to give me cancer.
Omnomnom. \nOrder the Pad Thai and Tom Kha Gai. \nThey taste like happiness.
The best Oreo cookie smoothie with my boba on the side. Perfect treat for that 'time of the month' lol.
One star off because the service is hit or miss. But their curry makes up for everything else. Seriously the best curry in town!
The door greeter Maria is a dumb old bitch and needs to retire already! Poor customer service!
It's a little mom n pops place.. Salads, bagels, Esspreso, pita wraps and more! Great food and even better atmosphere! Oh yeah get the fries!
I enjoy the beer and food, however the service is actually quite awful. More waitress maybe?? I waited over 20 minutes with an empty glass. Not good for business.
Dr Moreno is amazing I'm so glad I will drive from Gilbert to Scottsdale for all my chiropractic needs.
Sometimes at work I go here for a cheap lunch.\n\nThat is the beginning and end of my relationship with this establishment.
Great food and excellent service! Very personable waiter, attentive and efficient. Place is very clean, buffet well kept. Food was delicious, we will be back for sure!
Such a waste of money. You see the not so pretty sight of the strip. Go to the stratosphere instead
Horrible place, expensive cover ($50+), ugly girls, terrible smell, bad service.  Will NOT come back.
It's been 2 years and that plug is still holding fine through three oil changes. Not a drop of oil spilled.
Extremely satisfied with the care from the staff in the ER! They took excellent care of me- thank you so much!
This place is a total rip off.\n\nPLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THESE GUYS!!\n\nThey are dangerous, and aren't supposed to be in business.\n\nDon't waste your time and money to this crap!
Everyone is welcome, great drinks, usually fun music. You'll have a ball here... Or two
There is a cocktail on the menu called \"Rarely on Target\" - that's also the review for this restaurant. Your time is better wasted rewatching Attack of the Clones.
Reviews say it all. ScaM! My chijuahua was a bulldog. I think the *lab* is someones toilet
cozy, friendly space.\nsolid espresso and always consistently good.\none of my favourites in the city
I sat for 8 minutes without being greeted by the waiter, no drinks were offered. I left after expressing my dissatisfaction to the hostess. Thanks for the terrible service.
Still #1 in my world. I love Frost Gelato. Two scoops: Dark chocolate with blackberry Cabernet.
Eh...it's good bbq but not the best. Those that have had west TX bbq, St. Louis bbq, Carolina bbq, will enjoy but not love this.
There is NO crab in the crab cake Benedict! The place is dirty & is a step away from serving food on paper plates!
Awful dump of a place. Everyone is rude. The place smells like dog food. They put a lid on my blizzard; who puts a lid on a blizzard?
Great. \n\nStaff are super nice, facilities are great, place is clean.\n\nThank you!\n\nThanks my whole review, fuck you yelp for not letting me post it because it's too short.
Come to this store if you love moderately normal prices and find joy in being profiled for being a normal white teenager purchasing shampoo and conditioner.
Great sushi with your not-so-ordinary rolls. Check out the Bull or Beefy roll.
We walked in at 8:50p and they said they wouldn't sear us because they stop seating at 8:45p.  Ridiculous. Won't have to worry about ever seating me again.
Awesome desserts , wide variety , decent price!
I order most of my pizza here.  Never ever had a problem.  5 star pizza and good delivery.  The price is right to.
Here's everything you need to know about Terry Fator's act:\n\n1. He's a ventriloquist.\n2. He's not a very good one.\n\nThat's about it.
Yummy gelato...\n....\nWITH HAIR?\n\nReally... I don't know why I'm giving this 2-stars, it should be closer to 1.
Dessert from this shop gave bad stomach ache and up set stomach. Never going back again
I went yesterday and the flavor of the day was cheesecake! OMG! It was EPIC! If you are paying by debit or credit card they have a $5.00 minimum.
Microwaved food over over over seasoned gyro meet horrible food and very expensive. There are much better Greek restaurants ..
Their ice cream cones are the BOMB!!
Are you kidding me? They may have a smoker, but they have no clue how to smoke meat. Dry and tasteless.
Worst veggie burger I ever had.  Management came over to see what was wrong and it was intimidating.  Will never go back.
Pizza was good, not amazing..\nTeenage staff ANNOYING, loud, bored, dumb never ending jokes..  felt like I was stuck in a grade 11 cooking class.
pool security SUX!!!!!!! $100 plastic bucket they wouldn't let us  keep.....BOOOOOO!!!! Losers!!!! over hyped vegas scam... stay away.  Much better pool parties around.....
I love coming here because they have really good service. I just wish that the food had a little bit more spices to it!
Lovely.  The Chandelier, the Restaurant Collection, the Views.  Expensive, but would recommend.
Kim is an amazing community manager! She is extremely responsive and takes pride in her communities!
Well not at all what I was expecting from a Michelin 3 star restaurant.  At $655 a person, I was very disappointed.  I will not return again.
5 stars purely for the Dog Park\/Trails!  Everything else is just a bonus...
Olive Grove, I am a fan.\n\nBeen ordering from you for quite some time now, and have never walked away disappointed.\n\nYou're always so generous with your toppings..\n\nWill you marry me?
Let's just say that Gerrard Square makes my soul weep.\n\nBut I did get a nice pair of sport socks from (the ironically named?) Winners. Extra star!
..
Great prices & everything you need If you are a business owner in the food industry not open to the public
Kasey and Josh hooked it up!  I have an Oreck Magnesium series and the replacement bags are $$$$\nSo they knocked 10 bucks off. \nThanks Banks Oreck!!!
Rude service and tasteless, expensive food. Had the fish and chips, both were obviously from frozen. Not even half a bottle of malt vinegar could make it taste better.
One of the better ones on the strip. \n\nWould recommend, get the quick pass believe it costed extra $11 per person. \nI prefer dinner over breakfast\/lunch.
This store has improved since I was last there but it has a perpetual problem of not enough people!   It always takes forever to check out.
The waiting area has been down sized. Looks like I'm going to Ajo Al's during the summer. I'm not going to stand outside for 20 minutes in 110° temps.
The pizza stinks, and it's a pre-teen grindhouse on the weekends. If you want pre-pubescent STD's to go with your pizza look no further...
Best place in Sky Harbor airport to get coffee... hands down, but don't take it from me. I should still be asleep.
I'm a chick and they made me carry out my own boxes of tile.  Terrible service from begging to end. Never ever ever will I be back here.
This is gonna be short and sweet, included is a pic of the chicken salad sandwich that was picked up for lunch. Enough said.
Don't go. Smells like turd Popsicles and the service blows more than the hookers on the nearby corner
Nice place with nice service. Food is OK. They lack espresso coffee.
Got as far as meeting Jason in admissions. Rude insensitive unhelpful. I would fire him and hire a human with a beating heart.
Great, but please fix the wifi.
We had a GREAT time!! ( Except for the loss of money :0) ) I would say this place was great !!
I've been twice. Not a fan. That pretty much sums up my experience.
A really nice selection of craft supplies for a variety of projects. I am particularly fond of the unfinished wood section.
Do not come here...huge rip off.  50 dollars cover and the girls are terrible.  Total tourist trap.
Dr. Nester is a Friendly and knowledgeable dentist. His office staff are too! Prices are reasonable and they work with you. If you want a professional prosthodontics head over.
Affordable produce and fun knickknacks. I stopped by for seaweed snacks but left with fun gifts for the classroom store and an abundance of produce.
Pathetic !!!  dirty, poor management, terrible food..... needs to close .. dont waste your time or money......
The girl tonight was horrible rude.... flipped me off called me a bitch in front of everyone.
Slow service and occasionally rude people working. I know it's only McDonalds but what happened to pride in work, whatever that work may be.
Ambience was great but food was very mediocre. The noodles tasted good. I didn't like the Manchurian. Food was very spicy.
I guess they think throwing spinach on top without cooking it with the pizza is acceptable.
Can't find any greeting cards in FRENCH in this store... And cashier can barely speak french also... Very disappointing in Quebec!!
Fries well done are just awesome.
I refuse to eat at a restaurant where you stole 98% of your menu from another restaurant and just changed the names!  Shame.\n\nWish I could give zero stars
\"Hi... I'll have a medium, iced vanilla late, with an extra shot of espresso\" \n\n-Me, every...single...day\n\nI'm a creature of habit, and this particular habit has no signs of breaking
Just pulled up and it's 6:27 pm, supposed to close at 7 but their employees make their own rules based off their own laziness.
The sandwich was edible but not fantastic, which is abnormal for Capriotti's. But, the staff was super nice and friendly which goes a long way for me.
This place is horrible, the chicken tikka masala was sweet, the chicken was plastic, and the cheese nun had NO CHEEZE!
Small, but clean. Staff is rude. Remember the show \"Seinfeld\" instead of a soup nazi the woman, maybe the manger is a condiment nazi.
Great food!\nGreat atmosphere!\nGreat service! Elena has waited on us each time and she is a joy!\nGreat music!\nGreat prices!\nWe will return again and again!
Great place to take date. New design is great and lovely setting for a romantic dinner.
I truly enjoyed the dumpling and duck confit . Overall, it has a nice vibe and very good service.
Pretentious beyond belief. Staff seem perpetually aggrieved. Food's good, wish it had normal people in it.
I started seeing Crystal in December.  She is a truly gifted healer and psychic.  I highly recommend her services-she is the real deal.
Oh, my fat little heart! \n\nI've been coming here for years. Staff is always pleasant and I leave happy with a belly full of sweetness.
I do like their taste and I've been there twice. Last night I went there and asked for medium rare for the beef and today I had diarrhea.
********** $9.99 For A 14\" Circle of Crap **********\n\nNothing but ULTRA THIN cardboard.......\nThe sauce is all, but non-existent.....and tasteless\nAlso....Tasteless cheese.....to boot.\n\nDomino's, Have No Fear ......I'll never be back.
Great rental management service, prompt professional response, located tenants in a timely manner. Very detail oriented, would recommend you ask for Maureen.
Wishy washy, this pho place isn't consistent. Service is okay but food isn't good.
would not ever purchase a car from this dealer again,  car had scratches and dings all over! very unhappy with purchase.
10\/6\/16- The only hotel in Las Vegas that I will stay in.\n\nI love their customer service, their atmosphere, the way it smells.\n\nIt's like my second home while in Vegas.
Strolling through Crystals makes me want to work harder in life!! $$$$$ :)
A couple of things to know about this place.\n\nOne, never show up wearing Red Sox gear.  Two, get the breakfast burrito.  They are among the best you'll have.
This is the best buffet in Vegas! So amazing but there is a long wait so make sure you check in first.
Horrible service and charged us extra on all you can eat sushi cause we didn't eat two of the rolls that we thought was just awful. Highly don't recommend
Best cup of coffee I've ever had in my life.\n\nThat's all I have to say about this one.
Called to inquire about a half sheet cake. Woman said \"I'm sorry! No speak English\" and hung up.  Guess I'll go somewhere where they speak this country's language.
Ohhh man the habanero salsa is soo !@#ing GOOD!!!  It's not like a painful burn, it just makes you sweat.\n\nCheap, easy lunch specials.  We call this place \"el authentico\"
I'm a sucker for a FTR. \n\nThis place is yummy and it reminds me of what Taco Del Mar could be if it were any good.\n\nAffordable and fresh.
Close this mall down already! It's ghetto and the stores belong in a swap meet.
If you're looking for a clean used car from an honest dealer, come here !! See Ralph he is the best !!!!!!
so fucking bad service ！I was ordering food and they just hanged up my phone because of their horrible accent I can't hear clearly
Went in today and asked for John, my mechanic.  They said he no longer works there.  Wouldn't trust the rest of them to work on my daughter's PowerWheel.
Good chicken.\nEverything else is just noise.  \nJust get your food to go - there isn't much in terms of ambience.
Not sure what all the excitement is about here ... just a bunch of M&M branded junk.  Walked in and walked right back out.  LOL.
Great location, right off the freeway on my way to and from work. Friendly customer service agents, and open 24 hrs, what more do you need?
Exceptional property manager and very reasonable prices. I highly reccomend them for any HOA management.
5 hour flight from ny to phx and they only offer beverages on the flight.   Food you need to purchase disappointing..
Amy needs to get her ass in gear and make me some coffee, stat!
This shit is luxurious. Room had me feeling chic like a mug and I don't even use that word \n\nGambling floor wasn't that big though
what the hell is this witchcraft\n\ni've never even liked the thought of a cheesesteak before and now look what you've done to me\n\ni'm a cheesesteak monster
Always good food and friendly service! The Mediterranean food is the classic standards, but the bagel breakfast sandwiches are a Saturday treat!
the hummus and chicken are good. service has improved in the last few months. good take-out option...
not open on weekends which is the only time the majority of tourists and shoppers are in downtown Mesa. Lo-Fi coffee is though so I'll go there instead.
Painfully slow service. Terrible food with soggy entrees, dried out rice and several items unavailable. The trifecta of airport dining mishaps.
I love having the market cafe in Tempe.  There's good seating, food and beverages.  This is great for groups or for smaller numbers.  Come eat and be merry.
This place is great during the day, but by night: ATTACK OF THE DOUCHEBAGS!!!!
Truly one of the worst places to eat at in Vegas.\nI ate here a while back and it's just plain horrid.\nEven old white people won't eat here.
Really, you can't decide if you want to devour the brownies or make love to them. Creative, fresh, and delicious... dangerous!
OMG. Go early and get everything you have ever wanted in European carb form. Yus Yus Yus.
The best fried chicken in Las Vegas. After a day of drinking at Davy's Locker, I can walk out the back door and get some awesome chicken. Yeah, boyeee!!!
Writing this review two years after I dined here, I can objectively state that it was the single best meal of my life.
Great for matzah ball soup and hanging with the geriatric crowd! Bad for their grilled cheese :(
definitely a huge mall.  I went there because they have a Roots store.  I did not find a food court but they have a few restaurants.
i hate you kameron you are a liar. you didnt put my friends screen on tight enough so it fell off 4 times what the hell
this is the worse i knew i should of listened to reviews the staff is lazy pigeons poo everywhere and the citizens of the complex are not the greatest
The Montague sandwich is my go-to sandwich in Las Vegas!! I've never tried anything else, and I probably never will because this sandwich is THE BEST!
Was not impressed with the food at all great service the remodel is beautiful. Don't think I'll be coming back too many other good places
Double burger with grilled onions was good and at $8 was the best value compared to other airport food.  My go to place for meat in airports.
Cool owner, great service and ALWAYS packed....that said, the food is as average as average can be...did I mention its always packed....
This place has been going down hill for awhile which is a shame as I do love the JD menu.  I think we have reached full hood status here.
The food was fantastic and the service was great!  I will definitely go back!  Being the first time I tried Korean BBQ, I definitely recommend it!  :)
It's like the free spirited brother of barchef.  It's hipster, not pretentious.  It's cheaper, but the drinks are comparable.  It's small and hot, barchef is small... And not.
This place is soooo good! Mmmmm yummy!! New guy with the hat is super cool! Go get a pizza already.....
good news this week April 1st they have hired a new chef ... havn't been back yet but will have to see
Owners are very cool!  Pizza is okay, but I would recommend asking for extra sauce!  Use your Yelp check-in for a free brownie.  Elliot \/ Rural
I love the variety sams club has. I always look through the clothes for bargains! The employees are friendly and the store is clean and well stocked.
I've never been but the line looks huge. Five stars! Also once I saw someone get knocked outside five stars
adt is the most expensive home security monitoring in the nation... it is also the best, most responsive and professional firm in the industry. what is your family worth?
Great place!! Very helpful staff!! I bought a brand new set up! Such an upgrade! ;) happy customers!
Delicious vegetarian options that will nonetheless satisfy a non-veggie. Proximity to A Woman's Touch makes it the ideal place to stop in for crab cakes after a vibrator purchase.
This place should be called Persian Amigos. Save yourself the time and money. You're better off going to Taco Bell
thank god the tickets were at a discount.  \n\nthe music - very good\nthe dancers - decent\nCriss Angel - aaaahhhhh , yeahhhhhh
Melts in your mouth, not in your hands...synonymous with many other things in Vegas.
Very nice place for Mexican food. One thing I particularly enjoy here is the salsa and chips. Service is always very friendly and quick.
Pizza is good, beer is good. I am an overweight Wisconsin resident who enjoys both pizza and beer so you should trust my review.
Great Tacos at a Great price. \nService is very friendly and fast. If you're shopping in the area. Stop by for some tacos.
STAY AWAY....unless you want to take part in a celebration of douchery.
Original, Tuna Melt, and I remember correctly, a cupcake? Yeah. 3am never tasted so good.
Too big. Waaaaay tooooo biiiig! \n\nI got lost. That's not good when I have to pee and am STARVING and I can't find the checkout lines!
For shutters, quality and service best price!!! he did our hole shutters work in my scottsdale vacation home.
Waitresses are hot,  food is awesome,  price is right, service is fast,  and place is clean. Love it here.
Staff is very unprofessional. Cursing and talking about genitalia in front of kids. Never again not worth the trip!
Unreliable, unpleasant in every way imaginable, and terrible rates. \n\nI'm so done with cabs. With the ridesharing app Lyft around, who needs them anyway? That's a rhetorical question.
garbage!!!!! people, parking, & stores!!!!!!!!!! lol, avoid it @ all costs!!!!!!!!!!
-Consistant \n\n-Friendly staff.\n\n-Quickly helped customers in line.\n\n-Clean store.\n\n-Plenty of places to sit.
Slowest Starbucks with the lowest quality drinks. Unfortunately it's the most convenient for work. I just waited 25 minutes in the drive through line. God train these people!
f**k this entire place. unless you're going to target don't waste your time.
Never go there! The worst place ever. Very not professional. My dog Look like a rat right now!!!!
Horrible customer service! Snickers behind your back as if you can't hear\/see them. FYI bitches, i aint deaf\/blind!
Amazing food, courteous staff, and an all around excellent experience. Follow them around the city and never cook again!!!!
Mediocre  at best for food, service was absolutely atrocious!  Will not go back.  Don't get the James Beard nomination, it was nothing spectacular.
There bacon and eggs was the bomb I and the waffles were even better make sure to try a protein waffle
A family member recently was sent to this facility after a joint replacement. Bottom line: You could die in there and nobody would notice for several hours.
2018年8月22日宿泊。\nネバダ州のラスベガスにある豪華な噴水ショー、カジノで超有名なホテルBellagio。\nその日はかなり空きがある為、25ドルでスイートルームへ変更可能との事でスイートルームへ変更しました。\nさすが世界のBellagio hotel。お値段はお高めですが、価値ある高さです。全てが一流のサービスという印象を受けました。\n部屋の広さ、作り、雰囲気本当に文句なしの完璧さで素晴らしかったです。\n特に嬉しかったのは、室内のお風呂が夜景を見ながら入れること、またジェットバスが、ついていることです。\nまた、洗面台も２つあるため、朝の準備で夫と同時に使える事がとても助かりました。\n大きなカジノや、素敵な噴水ショー、最高のサービスを提供してくれるスタッフ、綺麗な裏庭にある大きな２つのプール、24時間営業しているホテル内のお店。\nもう一つのここのホテルの良い点は、チェックアウトがテレビから出来ることです。なので、朝並んだり待たずにホテルを出る事が出来ます。これは嬉しいです。\n文句１つない最高のホテルでした。
Great food at amazing prices. I will say if you want to go on a Friday or Saturday night make a reservation as it is packed.
Eat here for lunch. $9 lunch buffet, really amazing food, good service. I can't wait to go back.
Starbucks in Terminal C.\n\n$3.70 for a small (500ml) Fiji water. That's insane and I'm an idiot for paying it.
Sweet Lulu gave me a sweet diarrhea that kept me out of commission for several days.\n\nNever again. Never again.
Great office and awesome staff!!! Everyone is very helpful and the dentist took her time with me
Two words.  Amazing steak.
Flavorless cardboard and meat like substance..,   Unfit for human consumption !!!      I gave irvine last try and it's worse than ever
Simply aweful!  The place had bugs.  Their food made me sick!
$42 for two double talls and I didn't even get to see any of the hookers mentioned in other reviews.
Dumpy and mostly sells junk.\n\nThe 2nd star is due to the Beer Store and LCBO in the parking lot.\n\nThey are huge and so is there selection.
The best tail in Vegas for the money, $0! ;p
Quick tip. If you are driving, use the side entrance off of Flamingo. The entrance on the strip is always packed and the line getting in is crazy.
Palio's incredibly flaky Almond Croissant and decent coffee are even better when delivered via \"room service.\"\n\n(\"room service\" = \"thoughtful hubby who is a morning person\")
Turned away from the bar in Charlotte, NC because you're not wearing a \"collared shirt\".\n\nFirst...\n\nIt's Charlotte. \n\nSecond...\n\nIt's Charlotte.\n\nBest of luck with your business.
We love this clinic and Dr. Christina she is so thorough and kind with our two dogs. We been going here for over 4 years.
beautiful resort that you can take out of town visitors to for fine dining, drinks and spectacular sunsets!
Just got a raw gluten free pizza. I was told to bring it back tomorrow for a full refund, but what do I do for dinner tonight?
Children are allowed at the bar while the adults drink.  Supervisor approves and says her son does the same and she does not see any issue.
Garlic Shredded Beef +1\nTempura Fish +1\nSoft\/Crispy shell choices +1\n$1.99 tacos +1\nDaily specials +1\nAll the positives of Taco Bell without the diarrhea? Priceless.
place is yummy! $1.50 ice cream is a steal and at $2.00 for an ice cream sandwhich everyone should be screaming for ice cream!!
Bulk candy AND a liquor store attached? \n\n*swoooon*
Holy crapola! This storefront (and interior) is unassuming, but geeeeee whiz.\n\nI'm going to say it. Ready?\n\nBest cupcakes in Cleveland!
Very professional, prompt and addressed everything I asked of them.  I would definitely recommend them and hire Monica Donaldson again.
Shawarma that is not authentic \nCreepy male staff\nFilthy establishment\nNowhere to dig in\nNever felt quite right after eating there
Fun place to visit.  Large fish selection...sashimi selection is small. Been there a couple of times and was very, very busy.... too busy to wander and check out items.
We absolutely loved this place. Flat kosher food that is fantastic is hard to come by. I definitely recommend that you give it a try.
I tried to order food and the person on the phone asked me if chow mein  was that noodle stuff.....
Ok service, gas is not the most affordable compared to other stations in town. Store is very small so you there's less merchandise to choose from here.
Always excellent service. I've been coming here for a few years and never disappointed. I would recommend this place to anyone seeking braces or general dentistry.
Quick and great service.  Awesome experience.  Highly recommend it!! It literally took 8 minutes.
Excellent service. Fantastic food. Great combination.
Great service. \nGood food. \nGood portions.\nNice ambience. \n\nI would review more about the food if I wasn't drunk when I went here.\n\nWe'll definitely try to go back.
dirty, no play place, and full of weirdos cussing on their cell phones.  Pretty much the last place I want to bring my kids.
Platinum skips line!\nPricey, but good. Overate. \nClogged my back canal.
Quick and easy. Opens till late. nuf said. try all the stuff on the menu. esp. the mexican pizza. you will be amazed.
This massive four story store has only one single stalled bathroom. Really?!
I lack the necessary hipsterness to come here too often. However, their espressos are exquisite, as long as you don't order them to go. They don't do that.
Turn 21 here\nAnd get your viking horns, kid!\nThen never come back.
Good Music, great crowd, and comfy atmosphere. Me and my girlfriend got free drinks all night. Maybe that's why i liked it so much. lol
Dear Merry-Ann's,\n\nPlease start serving:\n1) Real cream (instead hydrogenated fat\/soybean oil)\n2) Real maple syrup (You serve breakfast...come on)\n2) Real butter (see number 1)\n\nAlso: Overpriced.
Grade: D+\n\nThe good service means their disgusting food gets to you sooner.
What an incompetent group of people. How hard is it to correct a last name and an address I've never even lived at???
Best fucking Cannoli's in Arizona (possibly west of the mississippi)....\n\n...No need to say anything more. \n\nGo here, eat one, now.
Friendly people but get ready for a production-obese worship leaders weakly grasping the mic stand and all- and a show of Christian consumerism.
Decent burger joint. Not cheap\nReally like their Lamb burger.\nBring your loud gf and she might just shut it.\nThey got four washrooms\nWhy
I ordered several macaroons and subsequently paid for them,  so imagine my surprise when I opened the box and instead I receive Microsoft chocolate tags.
Huge disappointment. Below average food. \n\nWith litle extra money I would probably go to a better buffet. Will not return.
Why? Whyyyyy...can't people drive in this shopping plaza? The only time you stop is at the stop signs, otherwise do not stop!!
Got overcharged, after a few minutes got so mad I left.  Keep the $5, y'all need it more than me!  Good luck
Delicious chocolate, friendly staffs, presentation is definitely awesome to the max. This store is definitely a chocolate lovers heaven.
Only reason I ate there was \"kids eat free\".  The boxed cereal was good.  Kelloggs sure does know how to make their Corn Flakes.
Was definitely worth the money even though the ride was too short! Worth doing with your loved one especially when you go underneath the bridge! ;-)
When we go to Vegas to lose our money we always end up eating here to be comforted. \n\nIf you cannot get rich, at least get fat.
I called Scott and left message that I was interested in lawn service. He never called me back.
you'll never find it.\n\nit's fictional.\n\nit's just a joke that is being played by toronto's social elite.\n\njust frustrating, really. \n\ni wasted $23.71 on an uber from mimico.
Great staff, very friendly and courteous. Fast service and worth the extra convenience fee!
A newer QuikTrip in town with a lot of entrances\/exits. Store is clean, shelves are stocked and service friendly. Gas is affordable, too.
Just all around awesome !!\n\nMy favorite roll is \"Wet dream\" omg really makes u wet . lol awesome chefs.
Food's pretty good.  Service sucks. They treat you like a criminal.  Do not recommend.
This is a Public Service Announcement.\n\nDivertido is movin' on down to 3609 Butler Street. \n\nI thought you L-Villians might wanna know. \n\nThat's all. Resume your hipstering.
Love coming here to get my stool pushed in!!
Rated \"10 best family restaurant chains\". Fine, two reasons to hate it.
A slightly upgraded version of chuck e cheese's, but with worse pizza (if that's possible) and a real person instead of animatronic rodents performing the \"entertainment.\"
The beans are cooked with lard and the rice with chicken broth.  The place is not suitable for vegetarians.
I tried the Heavy Hitter Burger, it tastes like a Big Mac in addition to all the healthy qualities they claim: hormones or antibiotics free...
Food below average, service was totally lacking, and atmosphere dated. I was dumbfounded that this place had a four star rating
Absolutely love Dr Khorsandi and his staff. So professional but personable and caring at the same time. Thank you for a fabulous job. Can't wait for my next improvement
Actor's Theatre of Charlotte has the softest toilet paper of any public establishment in America.
Food poisoning.  Yes, we are sure.
Cheap stuff, not so great selection for tall people.  Long lines to check out.  Snotty staff.
Went back recently and have to say their meats were very good.  I can't get enough of their picanha.  It's heavenly.
Avoid this market the first Wednesday of every month at all costs. It's a blue hair invasion.\n\nRobert Pfeifer
the best fabric store is Toronto. period!\n\nThey have a section of imported Italian sequin fabrics that are to die for. so delish!
Might I add that the chief exec of the Cosmo is Mr. John UNWIN.  Seriously?!\n\n5 Stars.
CAMPING WORLD SUCKS. Their CEO doesn't want Trump supporters buying from them. Stay away!
The Philly Cheese steak was excellent. The gyros were delicious as well. The service was fast and friendly.  Will come back again.
this has been a great service. they are prompt and the food is hot. very convenient and good choices of restaurants.
The cleaning ladies are very nice and professional. I feel at ease having them in my home. They also are very dependable and punctual!
This place is ok. They're kinda stingy with the amount of protein. Had to pay for more protein coz they put so little.  Should've gone to Soho sushi burrito.
Marlene C. is awesome. Always asks me what I want on each visit. That is VERY important. Your stylist should NEVER assume they know what you want.
Just to let you know, the owner of the restaurant contacted me after she read my review and told me I complain too much.
They just opened and the place is disgustingly dirty. The employees have monkey outfits. I don't get it. We came here once and won't be returning.
The worst ER ever! Rude and nasty staff. I'm left sitting for 5 hours with a dislocated shoulder! No pain meds NOTHING! Do not come here
I love you serenade. Your mint hot chocolate and honey bread does something special to my insides.. Serenade, will you marry me?
Total bad meal,  did not bake cheese on shell, meat cold, wrong cheese on top, no cilantro.  , no dressing. NO bueno.
Love their chicken burrito with chips...  I like it and we are always out of there in a flash.
Don't be fooled by the overbearing, trashy-looking sign on the front window. Food and price are great.
Petsmart is the big box of pet supplies. Cat food, dog food and other little furry creatures. And fish. I'd shop here again.
I thought the pizza was just ok.  I was not liking the price.  $18.99 was a little steep in my book.  I just don't see myself being a regular
Skip this place, service is very slow. Food expensive.\n There are better choices in Vegas.
This place is horrible.  The staff is rude and totally incompetent.  Jose was horrible and is a poor excuse for a customer representative.
If you are looking for authentic greek food \nThis is the spot not to mention their excellent customer service!! Highly recommended!!
Always great service, join Presidents Club for great deals, its hard to not be happy when you are getting ready to go CAMPING!!!
had my screen fixed in less then an hour. Caesar was great and I highly recommend them if you ever need your screen on your phone fixed
I miss you guys :(\n\nPlease come back to me. I don't want to drive to Eastern anymore for your boba goodness.
I love their pepper steak. The food also comes in nice containers, plus had always arrived hot! Must try!
Read Jack L.'s review - had exactly the same experience.  I don't mind splurging, but lukewarm food and lukewarm service is not what you expect from a $$$$ restaurant.
Salty burger pattie instantly ruined my meal. They do not have a fresh made taste either. The fries and shakes are good though.
I thought these guys were legit based on other reviews I read on other sites. \n\nThey aren't legit, same old story with other scammy movers.
Very friendly staff and delicious boba and food. I got the thai milk tea with boba. Highly recommended chill spot.
this location does not stock the President Series of the 1 dollar coin
Food poisoned. Trip the hospital. Needless to say I'll never be eating here again.
They came to my property and removed a salt cell without my permission and left the pool filter equipment inoperable.  I would avoid this company.
Great food! Amazing staff and cool space!\nWe'll definitely come back next time we're in Vegas!\nTotally recommend for a great simple tasty breakfast:)
She said \"I want something hot and steamy\"\nI said \"Hung Long\"\nShe said \"That's what I like\"\nBrought her out for some Pho. She loved the place.. no shortcomings here.
We are not allied to store our own items in the minibar fridge. $30 fine if we do. For that sls, you get one star
It would be really nice if they wouldn't blow all the debris that they cut off the landscaping into the private patios with stucco walls. .(
Good coffee and tea options to choose from. The baked goods look tasty and fresh. Cashier was quick and very friendly.
Very nice people. I was so scared when I was told my headlight fluid was super low. They fixed my car right up. And only 353.78.
This may very well be the dirtiest strip club in town.  And I mean that in the best possible way.  'Nuff said.
I wish they carried fashion for real sized women. You know over a size 8. The seamstress Ava is fantastic!
Hmmm here's an idea...get voicemail service if you don't intend to ever answer the phone.
I have 4 words for you...\n\nPeanut Butter Crunch Burger\n\nThat is all. Really. Just GO! GO NOW!!! Get that burger and shove it in your face!!!\n\nYou WILL thank me.\n\nYou're welcome.
They turned my hair green 4 days before my wedding and didn't return my phone calls.
I could eat this stuff until my face falls off.  +1 for Hunan of Stow!
Wow. Greasy. Must be a southern thing. No clue how this has 4 stars. \nFrench toast was hidden like a pancake.
It's McDonald's. It has a drive-thru. We drove through it. The frappe produced from said drive-thru was A-OK.
Run by trash, low life employees. Had no documentation of towing my vehicle. Overall terrible people and terrible business. Owner looks like a crack head.
Went in right before Halloween, store was fully stocked and very clean especially with all the foot traffic. Staff was very attentive and friendly. Plus they offer military discount.
What do you mean no chopsticks? How does a Chinese restaurant run out of chopsticks? \n\nYeah I'm mad.
Lizeth was very informative and a blast to do taxes with. She really helped my boyfriend and I a lot. Will definitely be coming back next year.
Definitely a fan - hot place to hang out, and tasty drinks\n\nAnd - as with any club like this - the prices are steep....
This pet store always has cool breeds of dogs from which to choose. \n\nToday's special friend was a \"Frug\"...a mix between a French Bulldog and a Pug. \n\n100% adorable.
The produce here, clinetel and most of the employees are really questionable.\n\nI only come in here if I'm in a hurry for something on my way to work.
Thanks for the flowers, honey bunny! They were beautiful!\n\nEven though I had to pick them up myself. lol.
Very nice.  Full kitchen and clean rooms.  Wonderful pool and other amenities.  Staff are helpful and courteous.
Naan bread n curry are fine but I can say the Chef doesnt even know what's a biryani before he made one.
We have ordered several times, the food is Always amazing! \nLove that they offer delivery!\nThe guy that answers the phone and does the delivery is always so friendly!
Ok simple menu clean not so busy nice sports bar feeling and steak and eggs and coffee hit the spot!!!!
Coffee sucked ass! Bagels I took home because they were so hard I could beat the kids with them.....lol
Quick service, decent prices, honest guys. We've been coming here for years and will do the drive from Toronto for the price and service.
bacon dog is CRACKIN!!!\n\nme frys and me tots killer breakfast!!!
A Review in Haiku: ChiropracTED.\n\nDear Dr. Teddy | \nThanks for realigning me | \nCan't live without you!
Oh no, they just told me that they are out of  non fat milk after I paid AND waited for my latte.
The pretzels taste like cheap white bread. The cheese sauce tastes like velveeta. The decor looks like they put a pushcart vendor indoors.
Stellar haircut for a great price. Owner is friendly and skilled. Yelp thinks those two sentences aren't long enough to count as a review, so here's another one.
This was the most awful dining experience I have ever had. Low quality food.  First bite was disgusting. Couldn't bring myself to finish lunch.
Where did I Go Raw?\nA very Cleansing Visit.\nHooray for fiber.
The most pathetic menu ever only 5 choices at all on the tiniest hard to read menu. Ok place for drinks not if you are hungry.
Unlike Jean George Steakhouse, Sirio was a great dining experience.   Beautiful table and excellent service paired with interesting menu made for a great night with friends.\n\nThanks!!
Quite possibly the worst haircut I've ever received :-(
Clean, friendly, and professional. \n\nIf you're looking for a squeezer, your not going to find it here.
Everything about this mall makes me want to pull out my hair and scream. That said, for folks that like malls it offers lots of options to shoppers.
The military appreciates your support. I love titties. I love bacon. Best strip club I've been to.
Service and food is awful.Soups pasta cooked too hard, Lime pasta is awful.Teas were weak,manager rude & not nice
Go in for an oil change and go out learning your car needs a lot of unnecessary car fluid $$$
I would rather have a full sized cow slither up my anus than spend one ungodly second at this god forsaken place.
Oir 3rd time here. We are pleasantly surprise with the tenderness, juiciness, great flavour of their meats, and consistency with warm and efficient service.\n\nGreat happy hour too! ^_^
Best breakfast I've ever had in a restaurant. Everything is amazing and the staff is always sweet. One of my favorite breakfast spots! Try the French toast!
They said they came out today and brushed the pool. There is no way they properly brished the pool. There is still a ton of dirt in the pool.
Rip off!  Stop raising our rates you douche bags. Get your crap together, cut some of your worthless emoployees and bring our rates back down.
Easy access, air conditioned and free.\nConnecting Mandalay Bay, with Luxor & Excalibur, unless you like walking, specially during the sweltering summer heat, the tram is extremely convenient
This review is for DANIELLE WALKER,\nWho I guess goes by Walker.\n\n\nHad an extremely bad experience with this person after some seriously shady dealings.
Earl of Sandwich is my go-to vegas meal. It's fast, inexpensive and super yummy. I always get the chipotle chicken with bacon and avocado.
Consistently dirty. Floors, bathrooms, counters. Never has paper towels in the restroom. \n\nDoes not compare to any of the other creamistry locations.
How the hell is Montreal not a huge mess of overweight gravy, cheese curd, filled French Canadians?! \n\nThe portions here are crazy (and I'm from America).
Staff as nice as pie, and a crazy number of cable channels, but for over $60\/night, one would expect a LEVEL pad.
Come here and grab a sangwich before you pre-game and then again after hoeing around in the club! the original and the tuna melt... that's maaaah faaavorite!!! enjoy!
Quoted one price over the phone and had to pay 30% more. Would not recommend. Work was fine but not the way they conducted business.
Big beautiful spacious showroom\n\nNatalie & Jordan were tremendous help; very courteous, knowledgable & helpful.  \n\nThe best Apple Store in town!
the espy's...the grammys...the emmy's...got nothing on the yelpies....wohooooo. the yelp event of the year.
I simply cannot dealing with uneducated \"geniuses\", that think they know everything, when they don't even have a degree in computer science and or engineering. Seriously? Get real.
Good Food,Rude staff.Specially When u Ask to Pay with US $
Came here for my nephew as he likes this brand. They have good clothing at reasonable prices. There's clothing for teens and adults. Staff was helpful and friendly.
I will say it's BIG. \nIf you have issues with CROWDS, stay far away on weekends, absolutely awful, throngs of slow movers and too many strollers.
02.07.10\n\nGreat place to catch the big game.  TV screens everywhere, projector screen on blast.  Surround sound.\n\nBeer isn't cheap, but the wings are on special during football [http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/kHpXJ2vciumu2KhNHg0hYA?select=8PgwEaa1nqdCt9c0zP3tBQ]!
Ordered daily special. More than half the pizza was the crust. The owner must be really cheap. Avoid this place at all costs!
Some of the strippers here are pretty talented on stage compared to other strip clubs I've been to in Las Vegas.
Everything is fresh. This is a must try .. My new favorite Korean BBQ. Service was really good. Pork belly yummy
This was such a great time!!! Definitely worth it. Decent priced drinks, good music, no lines for bathrooms!
Cheap tic's, good service, cheap tic's, salty popcorn, cheap tic's, clean bathrooms, cheap tic's.
Comfy seats and great movie selection! However, some snacks, like the cinnamon rolls, take a while to prepare.
Budweiser is an American institution. Any restaurant who doesn't serve this American beer on the Vegas Strip is not a restaurant I will ever visit again.
I went here yesterday.  Nothing special, typical pub fare.  I had chicken curry on rice and my friend had the fish and chips.
I completely agree with the reviewer below.  Gwendolyne Hats have amazing hats - amongst other things.  Except - it's absurdly expensive.  Really now, who needs a $400 hat?
Absolutely horrible. \nI love Cirque du soleil, and this should not have been called a Cirque show. The entire show was phony and boring. The worst show ever!
As always, Lizeth never fails to be excellent in assisting us with our taxes. We've been filing with her since 2013! Keep up the exceptional job Simplex Las Vegas!
This place sucks.  There no other way to say it.  Dirty, smelly and dark.  Staff think they are doing you a favor.
Due to road construction a little more difficult to get to, but still the best tacos.
I do not like food here.  At all.\nGross beyond gross.\nLike high school cafeteria pizza.\n\nSince I also don't like bowling, I will not return.
$5.50 for a dozen large very ordinary eggs = ripoff. $1.00 \"donation\" needs to reworded as a fee.  Quite unimpressive unfortunately.
Ordered delivery a few days back. \nTook over an hour when they said 30 minutes. They used a delivery service called zoom. Food was cold and gross.
Wanted to try layers for lunch.   No kids menu so I was never able to give it a chance.  Not kid friendly at all.
Capitalism at its worst. These kinds of stores are  a waste of time. Good for the kids though. That is if you want them addicted to sugar.
Worst service I have ever experienced.\nMarsha our server was AWFUL!  I will\nNever go to a Cracker Barrel ever!
730AM, getting on a plane. Hangry!\n\nOrdered a philly cheese. Hot, greasy, and messy!\n\nWhat's not to like.\n\nDon't get on a plane hangry!
Maybe it's the broken wrist doing the reviewing but this place has way too many unattended children to be deemed safe.
Best customer service in aerohead mall. Cesar went far and beyond to help my son with his phone .highly recommended
I'm sorry.\nI'm not ashamed.\nI love Chili's\n\nWent here for lunch with my mom\nThe service was better than most fine dining restaurants.\nFriendly, fast, efficient, tasty.... what more can you want???
Friendly dive with a good historical vibe. And unlike so many Downtown joints, open early for Day Drinking. As the good lord intended.
I find Holiday Spa to be a quiet and comfortable place to live. Friendly neighbors, and well kept amenities.
Creepy and a total dive. Last time I went I got cornered by an old man with bad skin.
Today I am writing from NY. Here is a Haiku to describe the situation:\n\n29 degrees\n\nJet Blue take me to AZ\n\nIt's cold as balls here
I want to live inside this store. I could do it. \n\nI'll bet you two adorable aprons, a dozen pastel egg stands, and a Momofuku cookbook.
Creepiest place ever. Didnt even get out of my car after a group of shady people started staring at my in the parking lot. Don't go here.
John has sold us 2 houses. Great communication and commitment in finding exactly what we wanted. Couldn't ask for a better realtor!
Just another Applebee's.  If your looking for average to poor service, ok food and a roof over your head.. This is the place for you. Really nothing special here.
No star not even one. coming down from California and their service sucks no good don't come here. Bad experience.
Was told at 5am that burgers arent made until 4pm by some chubby ogre latina.\n\nStay in school kids.
Well...I think this is the 3rd time we have been here for a YELP Elite Event and like the others it was awesome.
Rock music no parking no thank you never again.  After spending a month in Italy nothing about this felt like Italy.  It felt like another annoying Scottsdale event.
Phil & Sebastian coffee from Calgary, and cool guys making the coffee!\nVery unsual location but convenient if you work at eaton center! I will come back!!
Food: Five stars.\nDrinks: Five stars\nJames Franco Doppelganger: Five stars.
CitySearch are a strong property management team...I sleep better knowing my property is being managed professionally and ethically.
Ruben is the worst.  Bad personalities make getting ripped off so much more painful.  This company has problems on every level from management to scheduling.
In a strange set of circumstances, this Pizza Hut  closed up and became...an Asian restaurant??? They advertise sushi!
Hour late again.  Uncomfortable waiting area.  No Admirals Club in Vegas.  Thank goodness they have an American Express Centurion Lounge.  \n\nAll in all the Vegas airport is fine.
Great service for my screen replacement.\nCheaper than my insurance deductible through Verizon.
awful\nkids touching the food at salad bar\nplates dirty, utensils dirty\nfoods from other items in the salad bar\nplace is dirty
4 words.....don't waste your time. The menu limited. Food not flavorful. Workers ungrateful.
At least the beer was okay. The \"fish\" tacos had one little breaded fish stick (mostly breading) in a tortilla filled with Coleslaw.
Felicia Thomas is a fine counselor and human being. This place provided me with amazing services both business and for psychological needs. I am so grateful.
Decent airport. \n\nIt has some moving floors, escalators, some food and coffee and best of all, giant paper airplanes. \n\nhttp:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/4IGaWH9jUYMtP2uHIFEqFQ?select=S1JU1TeGpp92Mzy7E7qFGg\n\nI enjoyed my 45 minute layover here.
Very disappointed. From the outside looks like a convent store that sells cigarettes. Turns out it's a very hip bar. 10\/10 disappointed. No cigarettes no stars.
This place is horrible.  The music is bad, drinks are overpriced, and the people want to be country, but live in the city.
What a gem!!  So easy to miss but so worth going!  Butter chicken roti was awesome!  Will be back for sure!!
Hi....\n\nMy name is Matt..\n\nI have been addicted to Zoyo for a year now. \n\nHelp me.....
Agent at toll brothers Veneto was a snob, we were disappointed in how we were treated.
This isn't fair, this Wallymart has too many normal looking people that shop here, guess its the neighborhood.
Sure this location is cool if you want to die of an anxiety attack.\n\nJk, you cool gurl, you cool.
The best. Just order it. Butter chicken is an easy out but scores a 10\/10. Order something new and get it spicy! So good. Friendly staff too
Not the best but not the worse. Their bread to me is not as soft as other donut places but it is still okay.
Okay, I finally got the poutine and it was pretty good. I was just hangry on the last review. Sorry Mange-Moi, I love you again.
I thought it was stupid and not my thing.  You are better off crashing a real wedding, it would be more interesting.
Amazing food and a one of a kind place. I really wish we had something similar back in the United States!
Liz is awesome! I love getting my taxes done by her! :) ask for her & you'll thanks me later.
Poor produce selections.  The lighting made me feel so depressed!!!
Chinese food?!?? Yummy!! Kung Pow Chicken and Mongolin Beef. Comfort food needed for the stomach after a long weekend!
2 sliders on a long huge plate for $8?  Ridiculous!  1 piece of thin meat that covered only 2\/3 of slider sized bun...rip off!\n\nI won't be back!
Sat at the bar and had the worst service I've ever had!!!!! This place is so overpriced its a joke!! The only good thing is the cheap oysters.
Tacos were okay, but definitely not a deal! Probably wouldn't come again, noticed that most of their business were from either postmates, grubhub and yelp
This is becoming one of my favorite restaurants. I have been here for dinner and the lunch buffet. Both lunch and dinner were excellent. The service has been great.
Ordered the steak sandwich.  The only thing more horrible would've been drinking the bath water of the person who made it.
Fun concept and amazing BBQ + organic pizza!! Quick service and the portions are a good size. Family friendly but also good for date night :)
Custard is amazing. Ice is amazing. The gelati is ambrosia of the gods. All day I dream about Rita's.
Haven't ever tried any of their spa services but I think the beauty products are kinda just over-priced crap in pretty bottles. But thats just me....
$15 for guacamole.\n\nThat's almost all I need to say. \n\nYep, I think that's all I'm going to say.
Nice park. dog park, hiking trails, disc golf course, dirty pond, ect.....  Don't walk on the disc golf course unless you are playing, damn things hurt.
Ive deleted this reciew
Crackaroni salad gets 5 stars.\n\nGive me a bucket of it, a spoon and leave me alone!
This is an awesome stadium it's very clean they have a good variety of food and its inside defiantly a good way to beat the AZ heat!
I have nothing but positive remarks. They have always had my best interests at heart, something that is rare and hard to find these days!
Excellent butter chicken Roti.  Get a side of mango chutney to cut the heat...along with a pitcher of water.  So good.  \nButter chicken Roti image:\nhttp:\/\/www.flickr.com\/photos\/soulconcept\/8571113833\/lightbox\/
This place is so amazing!!! I'm definitely going back!!!!! It was very clean and the workers are very nice and funny!
Off strip deliciousness, top notch service.  It's simple.  And that's good.
Sumar really listened to what I wanted. Got my lips done with restalyne and I love them! Thank you!
This classy joint encourages their customers\/family\/friends to send insults to those that aren't buying into this hipster's hype. Stay classy Movies & Candy.
This is the second year I'm doing taxes here with Brenda!!\nDefinitely  recommend! \nShe is the best , makes it easy and save money
Booked a pickup online for Saturday at 6:30am, driver arrived 15 mins early, but didn't rush me to get going. Super clean and courtesy. Will definitely use them again!
Food is great. Location does not have wifi so nothing really works in this plaza.\n\nThis location was dirty and poorly maintained for a newer location in Downtown Summerlin.
EXCELLENT!!!!!!! The Butter Chicken Roti is the best I've ever had. My husband really enjoys the Goat and regular chicken Roti. I highly recommend
Rude service, acted like we were bothering them\nAt the register.  Help at the tables very nice. Food was very good.
Horrible!  Do not use this puppy mill.  I saw a Rhodesian Ridgeback in the store that was under fed and dehydrated.  Please check out the local adoption agencies.
Nice Starbucks inside the super target on cotton lane. It's has a pretty good food and treat selection for being inside a store. Quick and pleasant service was appreciated.
Vik is amazing! All of his photography comes out flawless and he's so passionate about his work!
Two words. Coconut ice. Okay, apparently three words. Coconut ice cream. Get it.
You were supposed to be a bagel place. That means when you open early morning you should have bagels. Such a disappointment.
I peed my pants at one point.  Not proud of that, but it is the truth.  \nSo yep, I'm going back.  Can't ask much more from a haunted house!
Spicy chicken please\nTwo large sides biscuits to go\nEat you with a spork
The meat still had marks where the jockey was hitting it. Low grade dog food is a little better.
Great selection of flavors and they can customize flavors too. Awesome service and nice clean atmosphere. It's right across Desert Breeze Park.
TOTAL RIPOFF!!!!!  Don't go!  Half the floor space is expensive ripoff arcade games.  Rides are missing, this place is rundown crap.  Save your money!!!!!
I love looking around this store. The selection is great, prices are great, and the employees know their books!
We recently used them for our corporate breakfast and lunch - and the food was amazing!! They were on time, professional, and courteous. I would recommend them to anyone.
Please remove the copy of the waiver immediately, you're violating consumer privacy laws by posting signed customer documents on the internet.
20 minutes for two  chicken tacos. And two orders came in after me got their food first. Under new management... Right...
Love this place! Best vape shop in town hands down. These guys are very knowledgeable and nice! High quality juice brands and flavors. Will not go anywhere else.
Best selection of nipple clamps and rubber mens thongs in town!  I bought my first rubber fist here!!
Customer service was horrible. They lost a $700 sale because the Guy behind the counter was a dick.
Great food! Great prices! Awesome environment. Looking out the window at Guadalupe Road almost makes you feel like you're at a diner in Tokyo.I'll be coming back for sure!
Totally overcharged and the owner is a perve. Next year it's Turbo Tax for me baby!
Thinking back on my experience at Old Homestead, I've written a Haiku for this review:\n\nHigh end steaks. Cooked good\nI've had better, I've had worse.\nI like Ruth's Chris more.
Charged me 10 dollars to fix 2 nails. Wtf?  For acrylic! 35 dollars for a full set. She takes way too long. No thanks. I'll never go back.
Still beautiful.\n\nFriendly bartenders. Strong drinks. I'm always going to be mesmerized by the decor. I love it so much. Lounge and chill. \n\n-Give it a try!
Only reason for 1 star is 'cause I got arrested here for underaged drinking years ago.\n\nI blame the Diamondbacks, for no legitimate reason.
Worst amusement park I've ever gone to. Truly falling apart. The birds, weeds and trash have taken over. Even the rides broke down. What a disappointment. Never going back.
Lying pricks said they were open. Can't even get chicken wings at this time. \n\nHalf ass advertising for half ass food!\n\nTerrible restaurant with no delivery.
Dear Ra:\n\nGet over yourself. \n\nJust sayin'.\n- Alicia
Called the restaurant to tell them I'm running late hostess placed me on hold for over 10 now! How do they know I'm not a Forbes shopper?! Ridiculous!
When I was at Cleveland airport I really enjoyed myself. The people were nice all clear skies and rainbows. I smiled.
Dr Chung is a good doctor but typical wait times are close to two hours.  They overbook people.  Front desk staff is inexperienced.  Not worth the wait time.
The dumbest employees I have ever seen.
It was alright.\n\nBut I thought Sunsplash had better more \"Adult\" slides.\n\nBig Sur has mostly tubed slides.  I like the open slides.  \n\nEh, its a waterpark.  Whatever.
This place is an unhealthy rat hole that uses full fat ingredients. The owners are pigs and I highly recommend avoiding this \"diner\".
Y'all hating cause this location is litty! Although I'm missing my favourite cashier anthon
Omgomgomgomg, I've only experienced the Taste of the Danforth version, but I CANNOT WAIT to go for a full meal!!
Food was worst. Better dont go. Its better having bread at home. It is south indian but chutneys was worst i ever had.
The only time I got drunk in Vegas this last time around was at Bill's.\n\n$2.50 Blue Moon on Draft. $5 Vodka Red Bull.\n\nWhy did I ever go anywhere else?
Staffs were helpful but definitely not very friendly. Nevertheless, the store is well organized and I was able to find what I was looking for.
Drove by the restaurant 8\/8\/17 around 3pm, gates were closed and 1 black pickup in the parking lot.. curious if they still open or not...
Took my son here for croupe, they were very fast,efficent and professional.
Found a fly in my congee! I am a regular at Congee Queen at the Markham location, and always thought their food tasted good. Really disappointing for this location.
I had a lunch buffet today, food is average taste. Nothing special or surprise items.common Indian buffet, interior looks good.Poor customer service.
Mmmmmm. A whole cherry pie at midnight. Can't beat that.  Don't eat anything else here.
The worst company ever. All they do is try to make money off of anyone. Making bogus excuses to place their unremovable stickers on cars.
Awful theatre, shitty customer service, rude and wouldn't let two 21 year olds see a movie because we didn't have proper I'd to prove we were over 17
Awful, too noisy. Food not that great at all, will never go here. Servers rude. Food not cooked all the way, and people not wearing gloves.
Don't shop here.  sych!
They have a chai tea drink called the Himalayan Hammer. \n\nIt sounds like a sex position.\n\nIt's just as good as one.\n\nNuff said.
I'm korean-American and its tough finding traditional great tasting korean food. This place is the real deal and doesn't use MSG!
Best vodka\/tasting experience ever. Period. I was swept away with the rose  but my favorite is Florida Orange Blossom... ... And believe it or not, Lemon
Would be 4 stars if they didn't allow smoking. My clothes still smell bad.
You want titty bounce bounce? Head to the Blvd Pool...@___@\nYou want relaxing time in a laid back atmosphere? Bamboo Pool is for you...^___^
good food.\ngood drinks.\ngood patio.\nGREAT urinal.
Saw the Kusama exhibit. Lots of dots. Long lines. Took 90 minutes and I was very satisfied at the end.
Very poor customer service from Fernando. Great food and drinks but would never come back here because of him now, he was very rude multiple times.
Cheap prices but you pay for it with poor sound and image quality. Needs a renovation soon.
Cheapest gas near the airport and a wide pump area. Receipt printer worked.
I found the cockroach in my meal and also very bad service! The server acted very impolite. The worst restaurant ever for me
I love peter piper! Love to bring all my grandmas boyfriends to eat and play games. I love balls
I can never visit Las Vegas without getting a Carrot Cake Cookie!!  This is the only location that I have seen it at!  Drooling just thinking about it... *sigh*
Here goes:\n\nTwo cheeseburgers with \"Secret Sauce\" and pickles (no mustard or ketchup).\n\nMedium fries\n\nLarge coke.\n\nThat's pure crack in a bag.  LOVE IT.
Food is always good and Mark, the general manager, and his crew are always attentive and courteous. They always have creative lunch specials and yummy homemade desserts too.
Love this place! Love everything from the beautiful fresh fruit and produce to wonderful flowers! If you are driving through town Rock Garden is a must stop.
Amazing. \nGood pricing. Close to home. \nSeating was comfortable. \nStaff was very polite. Many choice of deserts.
Located inside on the right of Vons right main entrance. Good, fast and friendly service. Also has an atm.
It's literally just \"ok\". There's a charming three legged cat that will totally swoon you.
Great crepes with great service. This is a great location. I had the bans split crepe with vanilla ice cream - fantastic flavored and quality.
Best place for Peruvian food in charlotte and Mily is a sweet heart,
Dominique was amazing.  He was kind and professional and did a great job.  We will use Home Joy in the future and ask for Dominique.
Dark as a tomb. No one at the door to seat you. No signs saying seat yourself. I never got a chance to even try the food. Oh well.
Very friendly staff. I like the service, but I've decided not to come here anymore due to the employees.
Came here with my husband, the wait was long,the prices where high and ther service was slow.
The coffee is absolutely delicious - probably the best latte I've had in ages. That said, for $4.20 (one size only), it better be the best latte ever.
Friendly employees! Great service and flexible scheduling! I've used them for 11 years now, and never had a problem.
Fast service and food. Decent prices. \n\nOrdered the crispy pork and chinese broccoli, fried catfish, beef dish, and tom yum soup. They were all good, standard food.
Always luv the food and our Prime Rib was excellent tonight. Our Bartender was Trisha great service. See you soon!
Kim is the best bartender!\n\nGood music. Chill vibe. Food truck right outside!   \nNext time I'll come check out the live entertainment.
Luis the manager here is the pinnacle of customer service. Champagne for the men as the women shopped for shoes. This store and the staff are all class.
Best tikka masala roti ever! Spicy, so be careful what you ask for. Extremely filling.
Viva la France!\n\nHow can you not like Louis Vuitton?  If only they would go on half price sale (then they would still be expensive).
0 stars if I could. \n\nIf you list an email address, make sure you check it and respond to your consumers. Completely unprofessional otherwise.
Umm their bread is good! Their peppers tasted like salt and the rest of the sandwich was eh but don't hold me to this I was kinda sick.
get the artichoke dill bake.\nnow.\ngo now.\nseriously.\nwhy are you still reading this?\ngo now.\nNOOOOOW.
This place is horrible. Rude wait staff and owner. Dirty tables..no ketchup. Definatley wont come back. This place needs to be on bar rescue lol.
This place could be great if anyone nice worked here. The staff treats people like crap. The are always understaffed. Too bad because I used to like this place.
Can this place move at a more glacier pace? I am embarrassed to be standing in line. This location needs serious help!
Every time I've been here someones cleaning and keeping up on the equipment compared to most gyms. It also brings in a different crowd of gym rats.
Yep...the doughnuts are good!  Just as I suspected...
Got a free burrito on Halloween for dressing up as a burrito.\n\nYESSSSSSSS
I'm just gonna agree with Ben F.'s review.  I really don't think I should be the one to let the cat out of the bag here.
I wouldn't go here by myself or with a date on a Friday\/Saturday night, definitely bring backup. Not the most quality crowd but the service was good.
Paid $37 for an hour and a half. I was in shear heaven the whole time...you gotta try it.
Trees. Trails. Picnic tables and camping spots. I only wish that there was a dog park here and then it would be perfect!
Manager accused us of stealing spoons which was weird, but other than that they have good sweet and spicy chicken.
Not a competitor or ex-employee.  Just one who dealt with WFUP.
Wings.. Burgers.. Beer... TVs...  Bar... meh...
This place is gross service sucks.i think I just heard bartender say she needs to poop:\/.
Cute set up, horrible food and margaritas. Service blahhhh, ceviche taste like Vinegar, margaritas taste like all line juice :( \nWe tried it, THEY TRIED IT..... no go !
Save your money go somewhere nicer. I order the Caesar salad and when I received it I thought it was a joke. The dressing tasted like mayonnaise. Super disappointed.
Holy second-hand smoke, Batman!  I think I contracted lung cancer during my 4 hour visit.\n\nThat's all.
Three times I have stopped by here in the hopes of getting a bite to eat and was disappointed again they were closed.  Maybe next trip!
*********Original location closed. The new one has the window's papered and a sign that reads Chili Billy's coming soon.*********
The pork sandwich was (fire emoji). The salad was (man walking slowly emoji). But the pork sandwich was (fire emoji).
Alongside GANDHI ROTI,  as good as a it gets.  Great West end\/mimico spot.   Friendly staff, well run restaurant.  Butter chicken roti; exceptional!
A timeless show about the difference between Men and Women.\n\nKevin Burke makes it all seem fresh with spot-on timing and a wonderful stage presence.\n\nNot to be missed!
Okay I love Costco\nWe come here once a week. \nThey gave a lot of great deals.\nMind you you have to be a smart shopper.
Came for the super gyro plate. Damn this plate! \n\nThis is what dreams are made of. \n\nKeep supporting small business. This place rocks. \n\nFuck corporations.
This place is only good for picking up dumb underage girls.  Not worth it.
Gas is 40 cents cheaper in Arizona than California? Yes, yes it is. Motherfuckers.
Delivery guys are awesome they are the fastest in Vegas. I always have to wait with other places but not with Pizza Bella.
Nice location, this store is great. I think any Frys is better than any other grocery store. They have everything here.
Very nice drivers - and very efficient. Called them, open 24 hours a day, came right on time. Wheelchair equipped vehicles. Clean.
Don't see anything special in the savory Chinese crepe. The taste is so-so and the texture is a bit disappointing.
Be careful. According to the South Charlotte weekly June 10th edition they received a restaurant score of 70.5 from the health department.
You should check out what nickhole did to my back F*KIN AMAZING - see my profile pics!
Getting a cigarette burn from the doorman is probably not the best start to the night...
Terrible over done steak without asking me first and refusing to replace it. Yuck!
We love puppies N love. They have the best food! The vet always comments on my gorgeous coat.
I enjoyed the atmosphere. The crowd is mixed. The music is ok. Pricey but CC lounge has super friendly staff.
I am sorry this place has turned into a complete day care center. I almost cringe coming to this mall.
Very nice restaurant. Delicious curries and fired rice. One of our usual stops when in Las Vegas.  Great service and just love the ambiance. Never been disappointed.
Assembly of God churches are wrong on salvation. No matter how entertaining the music is, nobody should go there and be deceived by false teaching.
Ok. I am so grossed out. Bought a croissant here and as I'm about to take a bit, I see a hair baked into the croissant. Gross!!!
I just devoured the Philly cheese dog....see the picture. It was dam I mean dog good.
RUDE! I left in tears before I even had the chance to take a class.\n\nPretty studio though from what I can see.
If you can get into the parking lot without dying, you win a bagel.
Terrible prices and service.  Their yorkies start at 3k.  They are out of their mind.
It's almost as good as In and Out only you pay more....oh, and the fries aren't as good.
Wide opening hours, clean and bright aisles with a lot of food samples, efficient check-out, ample free parking on the shopping center parking lot, flowers, etc.
Quick, convenient. In & out...  (much like my sex life...)\n\nNow I'm ready for a nap.
Definitely my favorite room for a tournament on the strip.  So quiet, secluded and smoke free.  Now if my 2 pair could hold up one friggin time.....
Closest gas station from the Charlotte airport (1.1 mile), air pump for your tire, easy access, clean....
I moved to Seattle two years ago and I still wake up with cravings for Souper Market. Open one here. I'll help run it.
Drai's + strong drinks + dealers who are nice in that don't-f-with-me-and-I-won't-hit-you-with-the-butt-of-my-shotgun kind of way = 4 stars for Bill's.\n\nSometimes you just need to keep it real in Vegas.
I invented a new name for the macaroons here.  Crack cocaine.
yum.\n\ndouble-double, animal style, side of fries, and chocolate shake.  put a perfect ending to my first time in vegas.\n\nyum yum.
Lived here from 2005 to 2007 and had a great experience here. Had no issues. The wife and I will be moving back next month. Super excited!!!
This is a nice beautiful gigacoaster than was beaten in size by Fury 325. Awesome ride
I love the burgers here and the Cajun fries are awesome! The grease will seep through the bag though.. It's definitely not good for you.
It's a mall what do you expect? LOL! \nBut, it's a nice mall for Phoenix (Try going to metrocenter and than tell me how horrible arrowhead is!)
LOVE THESE PEOPLE! Very friendly, very helpful! Only vape store I have been to but I won't go anywhere else:) karma always has me laughing!
Here. Have a star for every shrimp you put in my stale papaya salad, bastards.
Filthy, they don't pick up any garbage, bathroom was\"out of order\" . Rude. Wouldn't trust them to have clean soda or prepared foods.
Refused to call me a cab because I had a phone.
We had an exquisite evening here. The food was well prepared and very unique. The burgers were STUPENDOUS!!! What a hidden gem!
My favorite place to eat in Charlotte. Cannot find a more casual place. Just don't tell anybody. The last thing this place needs is to become trendy.
This Place is a disgrace Never come here again \nlook at what i found in the soup \na ROACH!!!!
Make sure to stop by this place if you're craving Japanese Tapas. You won't be disappointed. Try the Kara Age!
Since Stations took over, the buffet has gone downhill. The selection and food quality has been drastically diminished. They no longer serve crab legs. What a shame.
Jeremy was awesome! He fixed the dryer vent exhaust and cleaned years worth of build up from the system. Very professional! Highly recommend!
You're paying a premium price for a commodity product, perhaps for a perceived wide selection.\nI think it's a short-lived business model.
Best stuffed roti! Must try their Lamb Saag Roti! Just delicious!!! Huge portion for a great price.  Highly recommended :)
High calories, high sodium, high deliciousness, high value
STALE is an understatement.\nHaven't had one in years, sooooooooooooooooooooo BAD, HARD.\nThey sell 2 day olds now!?
And they're back! I just got a telemarketing call on my cell phone, this time from a real person. Stop the madness!!!
This place falsely advertises their Angry Dog. They call it the Angry Dog but it makes you very happy eating it! The chicken wings are awesome as well.
Of all the places in Madison to go out, to eat at, to do anything at, why would you go here? (Especially when there is a line. Seriously.)
I am madly in love with with this location. I highly suggest this location. #nomnomnom The food here is delicious. Love this atmosphere.
MMMMMMM. The Ellen's pizza is my favorite. The crazy salads are wonderful. I like everything about this little place.
5 Stars for the Flames! \n\nAll because Vancouver sucks and Edmonton blows!! \n\nLet's go Flames!!!
It should have been great coz my husband was awake the entire show for the first time.
Should be called Mouthgasm on Montford.  Thats all I got.
This place is closed now and Buffalo Jim is dead too.
Basically just another fast food joint, nothing impressive. I'm not sure what the hype is but I've been to two Culver's now and they have both underwhelmed me.
We are LOCALS. Station Casinos SUPPOSELY love locals. We are not pleased. We were ripped off by a bartender. I will NEVER walk into that dump again. GAME OVER.
The girl at the front was nice but the manager was disheveled in appearance and unfriendly
disgusting. how did this place even get such high ratings??? \n\nservice was not that great and friendly either.
Oh, Pittsburgh. How you disappoint me with your Asian food. I swear this Pad Thai was made with ketchup.
Clean and HUGE!!!!!!\nI was looking for flesh to char on open flame but didn't see anything on sale that would slake my zombie like hunger....
Horrible pizza. Enough said. I can't speak about any of their other food, but tge pizza was very unsatisfactory.
I expected something unique.  What I found was Ikea's older twin sister, just more expensive.
great when things are normal, but God help you if something out of the ordinary occurs.
Taco Trio of beef pork and chicken, rice and beans. \n\nMan that was some good grub. I preferred the pork. \n\nTry it.
This place was only ordinary. My burger was over cooked and dry. I wanted juicy. Server was great. Disappointed with the experience.
Highlights:\n\n* Fajitas\n* Spicy salsa \n* Warm thin chips\n* Guacamole in tostada shell \n\nThe whole family loved it and the service was great!
Thursday day bartender is amazing. She's so polite and attentive!!! Foods great and my glass is always full!!! I think her name is Shane or something
Great dumpling be careful with the spice it increases I the soup but overall I liked it
Large hotel and casino with restaurants and event venue and a good variety of concerts.
Staff seems to be changing and not for the better.  The friendly staff I once experienced is no longer.. wont be returning.
Walked in and promptly walked out, the lady at the register had her fingers in her nose. Disgusting!
I visited this salon for an eyebrow and lip wax. Margaret was extremely professional and a pleasure to talk to. I look forward to working with her again.
I had an easy time renting from these guys. Sarah Johnson was very helpful and was pretty responsive. \n\nI would rent from them again.
Wtf guys. What kind of cut is this. I was asked if I wanted it cut and I said yes, then this. This?
Love the stadium, seats are comfy, anywhere is a good seat. Easy access as well. Can't wait for the next US Rugby Sevens.
Delicious! Been here a few times and it's always consistent. Service is fantastic. Usually go for the lunch buffet and everything is usually very fresh. Highly recommend this spot!!
Unless you're below the age of 10 (or are traveling with kids), you will not enjoy the Adventuredome.\n\nIt is a waste of time and money.
Exciting news! Now AZ 88 is open for lunch! Their salads are amazing whether you get the Cobb or any of their other salads.
Worst fish tacos ever, couldn't even finish them, closaw was old and disgusting, and pasta was plain and gross. Not gonna order uber eats from you guys again.
Reuse your bags!\nWon the reusable bag raffle and flaunted my gift card down the isles like \"snooze you lose, basics..\"\nThanks TJ's
Ghhhh
I'm writing this after getting food poisoning for the second time from this place. First time, shame on them, second time...I'm warning you don't eat here.
I must eat some cheese.\nWe had ages to decide.\nMonte Cristo?  Yes.\n\n\nOmmmmmmm
If you want someone to tow your vehicle they fucking suck and damage your car. Piece of shit people can't even do their job right without ruining your property.
Every this is so beautiful inside! The presentation of the store was awesome! You can only dream to have it all.
The sushi was stale, old and gross. There are no waiters, customers have to order at a counter, get there own drinks and serve themselves.
Only one option if you're vegetarian or vegan.\nMixed veg. That's it.\nIt is not worth it if you don't eat meat.\nHard pass.
chics with shoes that have wheels. anyday, anytime.i'm hooked
I have rented from BPM 3 times in the past 23 years.  They are the best rental company I have found. Honest & prompt with repairs .
Wake me up when they start offering all day breakfast..  Considering it's the only edible thing McDonald's even makes.\n\nAlso the drive through here is slow as molasses.
I mean like yeah it's totally good.
The out of the ordinary Mexican food, healthy and good looks like it's just reopened ofter the road went one way
Accepting credit cards for $4 and more!\nIt's a beautiful day in da neighborhood.
Overrated glorified bar food. Frozen burger patties that you get from restaurant depot or Costco. Not worth coming here. Enough said.
tldr\n\nI suggest sitting at the bar to not have to wait for a waiter\/waitress.\nSushi chefs were attentive, friendly\n\nGet:\n-crazy girl roll\n-salmon nigiri\n-unagi nigiri
Run, this place is bad. Don't know where to even start. Sleep in your car, it's safer.
Greasy, store is too small, and staff is grouchy will never go back!!!!!! in addition parking is horrible, should add more healthy selections on the menu
Great place to witness a gang shooting on a Friday night! Good times!!!!\nWho doesn't love a good mall shooting????
The sales clerk, Justin was very nice. He went out of his way to accommodate and put a car seat together for us. I will definitely be back.
This place is super clean and affordable! The roti is beyond delicious and honestly im so glad I found a place so close to home to get roti!
Confusing layout. The men's section looks like a random collection of clothing racks. If I'm spending $345 for an Alexander McQueen tie, I'd like better fixtures.
Felt like a Bond Girl. Mission Accomplished.\n\nDrinks are actually worth it here.  --insert rant about crazy rising Vegas drink prices again--
Customer service stinks. I'm a potential new customer and I've called TWICE to make an appointment. \n\nAfter a week, no call back. Will be taking my business elsewhere.
As far as pizza goes, this is the best in the city. Free delivery and always fast and fresh.
Quick & clean. Didn't try to up sell me - a first for any tanning place. I'm bronzed and don't smell like tanning poop. Success.
Hours on Yelp say 7am, got there and they don't open till 8am. Thanks for the wasted drive.
Sexy club. 10 girls getting in for free and a free bottle. It pays it be girls in vegas. Love the view here.
Well then...I really enjoyed the smoky mesquite flavor of my burger. The fries were cooked to perfection, the service was excellent, nice clean tables. Nice job!
Horrible!!  He makes racist comments to you and then throws you out for responding to him. Don't waste your money!!!
Decent Drinks lots of Hot Girls.
$6 for a Pabst Blue Ribbon... are you flippin' kidding me?!  This isn't Comerica... they at least turn the AC on.
If you can believe it, a place that gives you quality breakfast, lunch, and dinner with a relaxed,  comfortable atmosphere. Lux has it all!
$1 for ketchup for fish n chips? Really? \nBathrooms need to be checked more often throughout the day. \nAlso no \"free champagne\" as you advertised for VGK games.
Amazing clothes, great prices, fabulous staff
I've had consistently bad experiences here, most recently being with a manager named Kelly.\n\nShe is snotty and rude.. Extremely rude to my family
Not a veg friendly menu and the staff wasn't really clear on what could be made vegan.
GREAT tanning salon!\na little pricey but totally worth it.\nThe beds are super hot, and you are brown after like two sessions.\nAmazing staff, and in a neat convenient area.
Meh! Came here for drink only. The food at these chain restaurants have me craving food court specials.
Hands down, the best dim sum in downtown!!\nPetition to bring back the early bird special!!!! anyone with me?
Veggies taste sour, their rice is disgusting, and they can't even properly cook a steak.\n\nThe service was alright, but the food is just...disappointing.
I don't understand why appointments are being made. It's now 45 minutes past my appointment time and yet to be seen
I'm a fan..BUT THEY TOOK MY MONEY!!!\nhow can roulette hit BLACK 10 TIMES STRAIGHT!!!!
How hard is it to get a 2 donut order right??  \n\nOne chocolate glazed and one strawberry glazed donut.  That's IT.\n\n\nApparently pretty hard.
Nicole was rude and belittling to her staff in front of me.\nI had a good hair cut by Anita but could do without the drama.
Occasionally one needs to do Irish . \nIrish I found this place earlier \nIrish I had another Irish creme  ale \nFriendly waitress , nice atmosphere
Food could be better. Students not as CLASSy as I thought. Overall, disappointed with the customer service here.
don't bother.\n\nthe employees are the worst. \n\nit's quite sad actually because the espresso drinks are out of this world, amazing. still, i won't be back. ever.
If your married stay away.. the girls in this store LOVE MARRIED TAKEN MEN..Homewreckers *Symphony
There is far too much expired candy!!! \n\nPlus, selling a shareable bag of m&m's for $4.99 when you get them at the grocery for $2.50 is ridiculous!
It was fine until the girl stocking in the grocery section just stared at me, then gave me a dirty look and turned around.
Have never been happier with a thread service. Eye Browns to die for.
Hole in the wall place ... But the food is so GREAT!!! Mmmmmm try the beef patty too .. They give u so much food for a good price..
Had their thin crust pizza and salad.  Everything was tasty.  They have a great happy hour menu so come out between 3-6pm.
I don't know anything else to say other than....fantastic!!!! As hot or neutral as you want, but nearly as authentic as you'd want for Thai!!!!
Poor Service. Expensive and I got a curly black hair for a door prize.
Good burger... Good fries... I feel fatter after eating here.
Don't get your garage door services here! All they do is upsale and try to tack on stuff you don't need.  NOT TRUST WORTHY!
Best pizza in town. If you disagree, then you have probably never eaten here. Either that or you're the type of person who thinks Papa Jersey John's is amazing.
Lets do it again Cardinals!\nExcept lets not cut it too close \nlike the Green Bay game.\nI don't think I would survive it!
Salmon nicoise salad and turkey chili bean were both excellent. Very helpful friendly attentive staff. All the menu items look very tasty including the sandwiches. I'll be back soon.
I ate here when it first opened, and I got extremely sick. Needless to say, I haven't been back.
Where else in Madison can you chug down a full boot of beer as people in kilts egg you on while pounding furiously on the tables?
Generous single serving.\nGreat friendly service.\nOpen late.\nFree wifi\nBoard games\nAmazing pineapple gelato that tastes just like dole whip.\nMango was delicious too
Friendly staff, very helpful. Great deals at the end of month. Most apartments have recently been renovated. Diverse community. Great workout center.
This location is so nice and clean the staff are soooo friendly !!!!! My favorite McDonald's
Just witnessed security over reacting with a young black man.  I will no longer visit or recommend this resort\/casino.
Food was average at best and a bit pricey.  Owner may be off his rocker..
Horrible!  Might as well have order little ceasars!  Yeah it was that bad.  Sauce had no taste.  Sorry - this is a complete miss.
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE \nWaste of time, waste of money. \nThis place literally scarred me. \nI couldn't eat BBQ for months!
Ugh. Ate here because some coworkers said, \"You HAVE to try the bobo chicken!\". More like doodoo chicken. What the f$!% did I just eat?!
Front row center seats\nSo wet but so wonderful\nDave H. is the best.
great chinese food.\nAll of my friends love it!! Check out the Chinese menu.\nCheap and great location
Great service, great food = BOMB.COM!!
Have the borscht.\n\nThe Hunter's Plate is great too but make sure you're planning a calorie burning activity afterwards, like stalking prey through the forest or going to the gym.
Great food, service, and atmosphere in Gilbert! Shared a wonderful steak sandwich on the patio. They even offer local bike food delivery.
Hands down my favorite delivery spot. They are always quick with orders and very friendly. The potions are very nice too!
Ordered a 10 piece McNuggets combo for a quick lunch only to find 9 pieces of McNuggets. How dare they.
初めて来ていた時はそれなり物もを出していたのだが、最近は暇なのか腐った物が出たり、今日はクラムチャウダーとミートスパはサワーになりかけている。ここまで料理に手抜きをされると客としてはたまったものではない。金曜日と土曜日のステーキもかなりサイズダウンしてるし、料理の保存にはかなりの問題がある。24時間やっているのでちょくちょく利用するが、フライ物くらいしか食べられるものがない。かなり幻滅した。
I came here for a company event. Oh man, their food is terrible! Yeah....no.....that is all I have to say.
This place is absolutely Delicious! The ramen burger and super crunch burrito were so flavorful. I would come back.
Robertos is disgusting. Even when I'm drunk it's still gross. It's anything BUT authentic. More like a American place trying to be Mexican.
Home of the AZ sorrybacks, ahem, excuse me... the diamondbacks.\n\nthis is a beautiful ballpark. \n\nit looks much larger than capacity.
I've been waiting for 15 minutes for the store to open and still nobody has shown up. The hours posted say 9am, and it is now well after 9.
These guys were done changing my oil by the time I finished my second game of Sudoku. I'm pretty good at that game, so they are really quick.
Weird illuminati pyramid as you drive up from the south = coolest thing about this place.
The beds are amazing but the young staff that work there are kinda snotty!
Really friendly, accommodating staff. Just went for a trim. Prices are very fair.
When macaroni and cheese is an entire category on a menu how can it possibly be bad??
I can't wait to go try the crepes! I was only here to get a quick drink.\nSooooooo glad for the patio! Can't wait to take Dexter. :}
Yummy carrot cake... And I don't like Carrot Cake. Lol. They were able to accommodate my last minute request.  Thanks. Will come back to try other sweets
Beef brisket.....mmmmmmm\nDrool worthy sandwiches.  \nI keep coming back\nI can't stay away\nSoooo Good. \nNow leave us.  I want to be alone with my sandwich
If I were ever to be executed, I'd want a Meat & Cheese pasty for my last meal. With two red wine gravy.\n\nIt's *that* good.
Horrible offensive music.  This is supposed to be a family shopping place. The one song I videotaped is about killing the president. The manager should be fired.
THIS IS SPECIFICALLY ABOUT JEFF the bartender is SO RUDE. I have had multiple instances where he has been blatantly so rude to customers. :\nWARNING: Don't go to JEFF!!!!!!
Worst service ever...just because I asked if they are real or artificial flavors I was treated like shit. What assholes!
Really loved the hot wings here.  Pairs well with a nice cold beer.  Would definitely be back.
Overpriced. Asking 92$ for safety?\nI can get safety for 50$ why pay over 90$.\nNot trustable.
I continue to be harassed by this man, Jon from Quality Epoxy. I was threatened with a lawsuit by an attorney.
Delicious Filipino cuisine. Authentic as it gets... Made me reminisce of being back in the PI!!!!
I just feel like I was being leered at. I was totally uncomfortable. I do not recommend.
Claim Jumper is a Hieronymus Bosch painting come to life.
This review will be short: \n\nIf I lived within walking distance of this place I'd weigh 400 lbs.
The place is a dump and the staff is rude and inconsiderate. Avoid this place like the plague...because they have it there.
Lobster Ravioli and Chimay Beer... enough said! kudos to the adorable decor and amazing service! i recommend the place to everyone.
My new favorite Italian restaurant \nEverything I mean everything was perfect  fantastic it's worth every penny and the service is out of this world
All I have to say is \"shit hole\"  Just thinking about it makes me want to vomit.  And don't even get me started on the mirrors on the ceiling.
IVAN BURGER: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=b2_vbou3kxE
Great, clean facility. Friendly staff and well-cared for residents.
Today they played Nickleback without warning. Don't workout here without noise canceling headphones.
Amazing coffee! Food is great! Love having this neighborhood spot!
Amazing food and a great place to take a date too.  \n\nhttp:\/\/www.visitwynn.com\/documents\/Mizumi.pdf
Had to wait 60 minutes to receive a chicken dum biryani. The taste is just average. Also the chicken 65 was not good. I wouldn't visit again.
Another great trip to Soho it was fresh as always, very tasty, fast and friendly customer service. Highly recommended,  Keep up that great work don't change a thing.
This place is called Snack & Blues and they serve free snacks and excellent Blues. What more on this beautiful green earth could any woman or man want?
UGH...\n\nWas frisked and felt violated.  Uh...do I look like I have something in my back pocket?  \n\nGRR....\n\nwaste of 10 minutes of my life.\n\nUGH....\n\ncan i give it negative stars?
Great service, my internet is supper fast, and friendly staff! I feel that cox genuinely cares about the needs of their customers. 5 stars! Great job!
Fast service and decent prices at this Asian establishment.  I go here to do my tire switch overs (took 15min). They have many open bays with hydraulic hoists.
It seems this should be merged with https:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz\/conservatory-and-botanical-garden-las-vegas?page_src=best_of_yelp
Top of the line resort with top of line employees and restaurants. The hotel is kept very clean and organized and the casino has a great atmosphere.
DUMMY! What a mean crabby lady serving crappy poorly dipped cherry dip cones. I say poop on you!
If you are white, well above middle class, blonde, and possibly don't need to work, this is your spot.   Very diverse group of both younger and older white women.
Cute place to hangout at away from the strip and in the downtown area.  \n\nA few shops around and very nice décor.  \n\nSuch a great concept using shipping containers.
Dr Faylona is great! She is very understanding and checks everything!  Oh and she listens to her pat!
The tofu sandwich is disgusting. Basically, a full block of tofu that is not marinated or pressed properly deep fried. It's an insult to tofu lovers everywhere.
These idiots put their stupid notice right on the paint of my car instead of the window. Who the hell does that???
Great doughnut shop. They have delicious doughnuts. There's nothing else to see or say here. Nothing at all. Just doughnuts. Keep moving, folks.
Eating in is ok!\n\ngoing through the drive through....WRONG EVERY TIME!!  \n\nClean place nice folks....just don't drive through. LOL
Ordered a birthday cake for my gf as their cakes are her favorite. Drove from LA to get it. They didn't make it. No explanation
HOT women and stiff drinks! I used to date a few girls that were servers here back in the day. \n\n5 stars!
I have always been a fan of CP'S hand made ice cream\n It is always fun to go in and see what new and exciting flavors are in today.
They say their prices are unbeatable yet Sears Auto beat them. Sales man seemed shady and untrustworthy. I didn't feel comfortable pursuing so I just stuck with Sears.
Slow service, loud music, generally a poor experience. Restaurant was sold out of multiple menu items before noon.
Not what I expected to be. It was okay. DO NOT get the frappe or the fries... Too much meat on the gyros.. Overall disappointed
Amazing food from Guatemala. Not expensive but not cheap either.
A haiku for the buffet inside this smoke-infested retirement home disguised as a casino littered with gambling addicts: \n\n\nSave yourself the time\n\nExplosive Diarrhea \n\nCombined with mudd-butt
I would give this place zero stars if I could. I beg of you to go somewhere else. Please help shut the establishment down. Poor animals. Disturbing
The food was great but the service was bad . Took forever to get our bill. Nearly walked out.
My favorite college bar and I didn't even go to college there. Red Lion is where dreams come true.
Dr. Sosinsky is THEE BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Amazing symphony Hall Orchestra tonight showing off the Beatles' genius vocals , strings,  percussions orchestrations. It left us speechless!
I was surprised to see this place on the list of seafood joints because I had hoped it had burned down years ago.
Jacob is a horrible manager at ringer.  Don't attend this sports book.  He discriminates against children..
Best dessert around. Not so sweet. Just perfect and perfect size. You can also buy salty food. It is new. Try it !
I used to go here because Lizeth was always great. Unfortunately, she is no longer with iQTAXX, so I am not sure if I will continue to go there.
While the food was decent the lights went out. Can't afford to pay the power bills?!?! #cantpaytherent
Horrible customer service, the employees were more interested in socializing with one another than helping customers.
Finally made my way to Sabai Sabai and WOW.\n\nTry the curries, papaya salad and the crispy fried fish with tamarind reduction...amazing.
Had the trout and the risotto and was so disappointed. It was super dry and just not tasty, over done w the salt..Not worth even the one star
Nice little coffee spot! The latte was good and they have French press and drop coffee.\n\nIt's very similar to a Starbucks with a little more person touch!
Top notch dining and new Plant Based Menu (last two pages in the menu) is amazing.\n\nLove you Vincenzo!!!!!!!
Meh!!  Wish the people were nicer
Love their Tex Mex style menu. Chicken chipotle is awesome! Great service and food is consistently good. Highly reccomended...
This Alamo was great.\n\nRented a great Hyundai or Kia...and the car was great. \n\nService was quick and hassle free.
Came here on the way from Sunset Station.\n\nIts clean and seems safe.\n\nPrices are reasonable and pumps work without any issues.
Worst place i have ever lived -5 stars ghetto people loud people drama almost every night police on many occasions just an overall terrible living place
Above retail prices on progressive lenses. I was quoted $850 for a product that retails below $600, and is discounted online for about $450. Outrageous. Very nice people though.
Good service, good atmosphere. Mediocre food. Basically a Denny's with better presentation. Not worth the money or the long lines.
Basil Thai: where good Thai goes to die.\n\nIt is THAT bad, in terms of service, taste, and cost.
Very nice, clean, quaint location.  Service great as usual. Came during lunch hours and wasn't too crowded.
I'll make this one short and simple....\n\nLAME\n\nCROWDED\n\nYAWN\n\nNEXT!!!
Veal, Chicken sandwiches YUM\nEpanadas- Double YUM\nRice Balls- oh hells yes!\n\n24 hours???  AMAZING!!!\n\nIf you are in the area and need a late night snack...BAM you are welcome.
Lux is like being taught physics by Sir Isaac Newton.
Terrible place. This is not sushi, god only knows what it is! Don't waste your money!!!!! All the staff including the chef were not even Asian they were Latino.
This place sucks,hope they refix my tire for free after this never again coming back
no longer licensed by NV Secretary of State????\nDoes anyone know who owns this salon?
newly renovated rooms - i like! \n\naffordable rooms and it's in a great location too!
This place is terrible, good luck ordering take out over the phone. They put you on hold when there's no one even in the restaurant
Don't  come here \n\nThis place take out ur original parts from ur iphone and put cheap SH***t \n\nPlus they charge u  a lot
Great food, great ambiance, and service was great. However...the price of the tequila I drank was very sobering.
Frat-Boy Sushi house.\n\nBland, Annoying, Rude.
Avoid this place like the plague and be careful of homeless dudes trying to hit you up for money inside the restaurant.
This is a sushi bar whose 'house specialty' is turkey salad.\n\nNeed we say more?
Definitely not off to the best start. My appointment was scheduled for 1:20, I show up at 1:00 as instructed and I'm still waiting to be called at 1:31
Great selection of modern lighting at very good prices.\nBryan helped me find exactly what I was looking for and I really couldn't have asked for any better service.
avoid at all costs.\na shit hole ,druggies,and drunks lingering about this place.\nit used to be a great place back in 1965,66.
Worst sandwich I ever had. Go anywhere else. Overpriced too as well Subs are$5.25 for a 6\" and the bread was stale.
Great mediterranean food and super fast delivery!  Huge menu and really nice staff.
EW.  Jail food probably tastes better.  Wanted to barf on my first bite.   \n\nOnly edibles things are:\n-pickles\n-carrot cake\n-tiramisu
Sorry\nBut it was horrible!!!\nNo flavor and orange chicken and sweet and sour was over cooked.\nThe pictures on Yelp looked great but the taste was far from it!
If I could, I wouldn't give a star at all! Most employees here only care about themselves and not the customers. I am so upset.
They served old food (non-veg) in buffet, very bad experience. Neither me nor my friends couldnt have second bite (non veg), it was that evident.
Huge, and quiet. Very nice getaway from the annoying diaper monsters.
I fell for the name and the celebrity reputation- my experience was so mediocre i wanted to cry- after dinner I went for a hot dog...
WTF. this is a COMPLETE knockoff of Father's Office in LA!\n\nCheaters!!!! \n\nHOW UN-ORIGINAL and TYPICAL OF PHOENIX.\n\nIsn't this illigal?\n\nhttp:\/\/www.fathersoffice.com\/html\/fathersOffice.html
I was a kid in a candy store. Fully stock and plenty to choose from .
Price is right.  Fast delivery. Pizza sauce is homemade recipe. Can't go wrong. Will order again.
Imagine you are a hot pocket...\n\nNow imagine you could be filled with any type of food...\n\nThrow in some great music...\n\nSome faint allusion to a microwave...\n\nGodspeed!
I still drop by here for a sweet potato burrito almost everytime I'm in the area and can vouch that they've improved their hours since my last review.
Chicken was so juicy and the BBQ ribs were tender and delicious!  \n\nTheir BBQ sauce is excellent!  Glad we tried it and we will be back!
I hear the cheap dim sum deal is done.  *tear*
I got to open a bottle of Champagne with a sword!
My go-to place for ice cream because of their friendly staff, pricing, and large scoops of ice cream.
I am not normally a huge fan of Denny's but, they gave me FREE BREAKFAST YESTERDAY!
What a great surprise!! Great food, wonderful beer, and very attentive service. I can't wait to visit again and try more of their unique flavors. Loved Loved Loved it.
Calling Rice Paper a Vietnamese restaurant is like calling Panda Express a Chinese Restaurant. Enough said.
Clean and comfortable atmosphere. Well kept organized service. Usually fun depending on the time of day. But does have a slight marijuana and vinegar smell.
WORST PLACE EVER! Trust me stay away! If I could give them 0 stars I would! Not only was the food bad and expensive but the service sucks too!
Ru San's has nothing on the volume here...  Ear splitting crappy music, mediocre food and a half hour wait for gyoza.  One visit was more than enough.
I have 2 words for you... BABY BANDITOS!  Ok, so I have 2 more words for you FREAKING AMAZING!
Haiku:\n\nDesperately hung\nNeed some grease in da hood\nFuck yeah, British Style
I absolutely love this place but will not be returning because two patrons were tending to a cat!!!
NEVER go to this place. Trust me. I'd rather use my Franklins as toilet paper than spending them at a restaurant which shuts the door to their awaiting customers.
This airport reflects the city it serves: bland, unimpressive, and some place I never really want to go to again.
Friendly delivery and excellent chicken teriyaki. I do wish my fortune cookie wasn't so mean...
Completely disgusted by not allowing trans woman to go to the bathroom that corresponds to her gender.
This is like Kennywood without kids. Ugliest crowd I've ever seen.  No hope for night life in Pittsburgh.
Terribly salty and oily. Didn't enjoy the food at all. The service was very efficient though.
We come here every Tuesday and today the representative Mayra was very rude. We love the candy here but not the customer service :\/
Great
ICED COFFEE\n\nIced coffee is extremely watered down. I still don't know what the hype is... I'll just go to McDonald's next time...
Greeted pleasantly, and assured my  bedding will be stainfree and ready on Monday. Very enjoyable, and right by  a Robertos! \nOpen early, and smelled really nice, too.
Wonderful...I like the sauna steam foot spa, can relax my feet and increase circulation detox!!!
This place really went downhill in the last few years. We will never go back. Found a much better goto sushi place headed a little further south down Tatum.
Went there for lunch today. I ordered the burger. It was good and their onion rings are great. \n\nMy girlfriend got the grilled cheese. And she enjoyed it aswell.
Pizza is amazing, service is perfect, cannoli best I have ever had! Looking forward to trying more of the menu.
After one week still in pain. Seemed focused on replacing crowns and not dealing with your pain.
Thank you Lux. \n\nPerfect in house roasted beans to make my iced coffee. Amazing baristas. Cute British girl at the counter was a bonus. \n\nSolid baked goods. Great decor.
Buyer beware!! All this place sells is defective merchandise which they don't give refunds for but only exchanges on more defective goods. Stay away..
It's what I expected. A Hooter's with plaid skirts and a bunch of married men getting drunk and staring at college girls.
Absolutely amazing.  It could have been better if I hadn't passed out for most of the show.  Too much boozing pre-show, no good.
Overpriced. Place is depressing. Several Animals kept in small cages. someone should call PETA
Management has contacted me and rectified the whole situation to my satisfaction.\n\nThere were some influx in call volumes due to xmas and short staffed.
Staff don't seem very pleasant here, even when it's not too busy you feel rushed.\n\nThe seats were pretty comfortable
ok, so I have been several times...it was always just ok, but not terrible...today I got 2 chicken burritos to go and NEITHER one had ANY chicken inside...epic fail!...
Peach Milk Tea, I do recommend! They also offer a variety of toppings to go with your choice of tea.
Best tea place in town! Love the store deco!\n\nOrange green tea is the BOMB! Seasonal fruit smoothies are refreshing and healthy choice too!
The staff in this store were very rude, snotty and not helpful at all. And the store stinks like a sewer.
Waited fifteen years, will be another fifteen years to eat again.....tasted like crap
This is a great public school with a great arts program. The school has two sectors, one french and one english each connected to a different school board.
Fantastic customer service,  my apartment is clean and spacious. The area is very nice with lots of shopping and restaurants.  I'm very happy to make Lantana my home.
Always a good price for gas (for what it's worth) and a very clean business right next to the Candy Store
IT'S LEEEEEEEEE!!!\n\nStill here at the soft opening. Review update to come for Mr. LEE.
Ordered a vegan dinner, and got a bowl of pasta. I have to believe that they could do better!
I'm pretty sure this bitch closed down. They haven't been open anytime I've ridden by in over a week. \nCan't say I'm terribly disappointed. Bring on something new!!
DO NOT LIVE HERE...\nThis place is garbage. I've lived her for 2 weeks and I wish I never signed a lease...\n\nYOUVE BEEN WARNED
Purely boring.\n\nOver packed.  Overpriced.  Over hyped.  Save you money to blow at blackjack.
This is ground zero for Nikon owners in Canada!\nThe service centre people are very friendly and helpful.\nBeing a NPS member helps too! Lol!
Kristyne is amazing! Best bartender in town, and it doesn't hurt that she's smoking hot. \nThis place has a great staff all around, Kristyne and Glen in particular.
$16-18 per plate for a tapas style 2 bite plate. The food was average at best.\n\nHorrible service.\n\nUnnecessarily pretentious employees.\n\n$12 drinks.\n\nDid I mention how bad the service was?\n\nPASS
Oh holy crap! Best taco's I've ever eaten, everything was excellent! Try the spicy shrimp if you would like to see the face of god.
Had the chicken Jalfrezi and Boneless Lamb roti... Simply awesome... MUST TRY if you're in the area!
Boots. Drinking games. Polka band. It's where college co-eds come alive and adults pretend like they still have \"the moves.\"
Decent price, decent selection and at times pretty intense...\n\nHad no idea that they delivered.  That could be a very bad thing for me.
Don't go here. You're basically going to grandma's house. And it's definitely not sanitary.
Too expensive for a haircut.  Shoe shine?  I am wearing flip flops.  Everyone wanted tips.
One of the worst dining experiences in a long time.  \n\nOld folks home taste and moldy quality
Very friendly! Offered us as many samples as we wanted. Great variety!  Love how late it's open as well. Will be coming back here!
Old equipment that's been worn down and not replaced. This could only be comparable to the ignorant trainers who are completely rude and useless.
Hot dog as art... grilled to perfection but don't overlook the daringly blazed burgers... fresh and thick!\n\nThe drive through is super efficient.
Very grateful to see an ABC store here. \nAffordable drinks and snacks. \nSouvenirs galore. \nThey even have macnuts!\nToo bad no musubi or manapua.
Fox Rent-a-Car responded to my review and gave me a $76 refund. \nThanks, Fox Rent-a-Car, but you still suck.
the store and company does not care about customers that are unemployed.  They will not help with making arrangements to make\npayments every month.  They are awful.
***** The service was fantastic, There was a nice warm lady attending the shop and the Gelato was awesome as always!!! \n** Yummy Chocolate Caramel Fudge Brownie!! :)
Consistent great service. Always very personable and each nail technician always does a great job.
I bought a dozen donuts and three large coffees for $18 and change. The coffee is always hot and prepared to order. This time I used the drive thru.
Great selection of comics and card collectables!! Great service! Cool place for FNM.
Stopped in for quick breakfast, croissant and donuts are made fresh per order.  Service was quick and waitresses were nice and prompt.
They have the BEST samosas in the GTA!!! Stick to the veggie samosas - you never go wrong with those!
Beer and College Football belong together.  \n\nThank you UNLV\/Sam Boyd Stadium for uniting them.
Friendly staff and great options for sauce. But quality of food of comparable to cafeteria food. Feel like Im eating at high school again.
I like their food and the rewards program, but if I hear them say, \"that'll cost a little extra\" one more time, I'll puke.
Interesting to me that Ben & Jack's comments on the \"good\" reviews they recieve, yet do nothing, not even offer an apology for the \"less than perfect\" reviews
This place is cool save for the homo bartender, Levi... The guy is a prick.
Called \"Secrets\"...lol...It's gone gay(at least on Friday nights)....classic ;-)
I concur with what everyone else said negatively about this place in all their reviews.  I just wanted to bring the average rating down a bit more.
Wonderful craving and its on my way home, so yes it needs to be larger but it tasted amazing
I was excited when this place opened because there are no good breakfast places in this area. \n\nRude staff & even worse food. Avoid this place at all costs
Good authentic Vietnamese restaurant, good service and great quality! I'm in love with green papaya salad as long as seafood combination noodle soup, yummy!
They need to change up the food menu and need to make cocktails with fresh fruit juices!
-Good selection from different Dealers.\n\n-Small and not overwhelming.\n\n-Friendly cashier guy.\n\n-Plenty of parking in the back.
They got that Chicken! It's like I'm sayin. Mash Potatoes! Biscuits, check! Gravy for that donkey! Correct Change? Nope!
Stay away. Showered the big tall hotness with dollars just to get hit in the balls when her boyfriend picked up the money.
Hours on the yelp site say they are open on Sundays, drove all the way there just to see its closed. I'm pissed
What can I say?  It's an Irish Pub. Has a bit of an angry happy feel to it.\n\nThey can our a decent half and half.\n\nCash only!
Cheap gambling, strong drinks. \n\n... very strong.
order some egg rolls and the lemongrass soup!!!\n\nthey also have this amazing house made hot sauce. i considered stealing it about 4 times.
yes, hipsters still abound in this space but the coffee and pastries are yum!
While I didn't find anything in the Mens department, the store is absolutely HUGE.\n\nAm I too old to find anything at Forever 21?  Never.
Bally's!!! Love your massive rooms! I can roll around on the floor! Totally cool!
Barf. Why are humans so lazy. Just because I'm held captive in terminal C, it doesn't mean I deserve to eat dog food.
One word. REHEATED FOOD. \n\nOh thats 2 words.
Me:\nHi, how many servings do you recommend for myself and my girlfriend?\n\nServer:\nTwo. \n\nMe:\nEach? \n\nServer:\nTo share. \n\nMe:\n.... \n\nServer:\n.... \n\nMe:\nThree it is!\n\n[30 MINUTES LATER] \n\nMe:\n{incredibly full}\n...Well... \n...I was wrong... \n{keels over}
Let's just say that what happens in Vegas . . . well, you know the rest.  And Jessica P. is a world-class GF for coming along with me.  ;-)
Recieved a few weeks after the last post. Quality is decent at best with the ornamental pieces on the footboard coming right off. BUYER BEWARE.
The best Chinese jianbing crepe I've ever tried in Montreal. The egg puff was also amazing. Highly recommended.
Horrible, horrible service!!! Bad attitude rude BH there yesterday at 6:30pm!! Thank goodness we don't live near this location! I would go off on the corporate office!!
This place is super messy but it is 24 hours...woot..... \n\nGot what supplies we forgot\/did not bring for our week's day, bought some water and called it a day.
Sushi tasted great until the food poisoning settled in later that night. After puking about 10 times I decided I won't be returning.
It was my ex's favorite place and despite running the risk of an awkward encounter, I still come here as often as I can. It says a lot no?
Haggen it's new in Vegas \nI like it \nThe best super market \nIn town !!!
Great movie theater. Great staff and a happening environment! nothing bad I can say about this!!
Delicious cupcakes!!!! If you Love cupcakes, this is the place for you!!!! Great customer service. Very clean!
I've had better........from the frozen aisle at frys
Do not hire this company.  We had jewelry stolen and so did our neighbors while they treated the house.  Owner won't return phone calls.
This place was not opened until the time posted on Yelp! Driving all over the damn town go find an opened shop for my out of town visitors.
I love this store!  Only giving 4 stars cause I can't use my Von's club card anymore. But hey- pick your own six pack!
Worst gym I have been to. It's not even like a gym it's more like a hangout spot. They have cookies and pizza there.
Clean, organized, inexpensive. This shop has everything from some dry food items to toys and even furniture. Priced to move, as the saying goes.
great location, service and a very clean store area. every time I come in here though,  It costs me $63.69 + beer and 5 hour energy.... :'(
Best somosa's I've ever had. Partial to the chicken.
Ok, so its not the greatest bar in the world, but they have beer and there is never a wait because nobody goes there.  Is that good?
Place was disgusting! Room was dirty and the maid forgot to clean it before I got in. This made me so uncomfortable!!! Not recommended
$5.99 Steak and Eggs Special. Daily 11pm to 11am.\n\nBig portion. Juicy steak. Daym good eggs.\n\n(http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/c0ZerP3dvw3x2IWXzNKDyQ?select=S5JSMUwaviEo6MQZJVL8bA)\n\nDon't go anywhere else for the Steak and Eggs special. (Read my next review)
Pretty awesome place! They are a drive through or walk up, They have a few snacks and a huge menu of different names with super fun names!
MiCamp has helped me with my business's credit card processing needs. They are great with helping find that right merchant service solution and are affordable.
Sales Rep Michelle is a GEM! Extremely helpful, patient , professional and cheerful! Absolutely appreciated!! :)
Nice cozy bar with great food. Jalapeño fries are a must try. Everything else on the menu is delicious.\nThe bartenders are really nice and the service is always great.
Small sparse store with a limited selection of books and products. Well intentioned, but sparse. Maybe their classes are good..I do not know!!
\"Popular\" with whom? Flabby crust, awful sauce, skimpy toppings. And that's just the \"normal\" pizzas. \nThe entire concept of Punjabi pizza is right up there with KFC sushi...forget it.
The owner is a idiot, he does not know how to run a successful business...using foul language is inappropriate with new customers
The grub served up by this place is processed dreck.  Milkshakes aside, am I missing something here?  Lay off the \"nostalgia pipe\", kids!
Closed on Sunday a 3:00pm-ish?  Still in business?  Sure would have been great to have a Dole Whip in 110 degree weather.  Bummer.
Look, its a dive.  That's all there is to say.  The bartenders don't take any crap and why should they?  Just order your drink and shut the hell up.
Only area that was available to sit...we had to eat on our laps for a moment because it took 35 minutes for someone to clear the table. Not cool.
Cockroaches in the salsa and serving the food. Every time I've been here I wish I had gone else where.
Spoiler alert- the chili dog consists of bacon bits and salsa.. and its effing gross
You're all idiots. They have great steamed buns. I have an elder Chinese man that lives in my head and approves of their steamed buns. Ample parking
Really great place for professional skin care. I am so impressed with the entire team and process here.
Need more seating, very cramped and difficult to study\/work.   The pastries are dry, but the espresso is good enough.   I hope the location in Regent Square has more space.
Came by at 9:57  wouldn't let me in even though it showed they close at 10 pm. Horrible customer service. Just drove ten min to get here
The doodle dog was cold, sloppy and unedible with all the stuff on top of it..and I believe it even had Mayo..the whole dog grossed me out.
The worst check in ever!!!!!!!!! We waited for 2 hours!!!! And also a long walk to the strip!
Craig is abusive and rude.  I paid in advance and have yet to receive the promised refund.
Food took forever and arrived cold.  Hollandaise was gellatinous and tasteless.  Sawyer is rude.  Valerie is awesome.   Very pricey for such average food.  Very disappointed
Is it just me, or does anyone else feel the need to sanitize themselves after leaving this dark, grimy store?
Car was very nice.  One key error in the description (a very expensive option was missing when I received the vehicle).  And, very difficult to deal with.
came back for the cookies.... t k o and nutter butter. \n\nawesome\n\nit's like the SUPER version of oreos and peanut butter cookies.\n\nwill come back for them!!!
Purchased pork tenderloins on sale,\nBuy one get two free.\nCooked them up and they were very tender and juicy!
Amazing deals and friendly service. Although this is Jared's clearance store, there's a wide variety of excellent jewelry.
Beware! They share the teachings of heretic Beth Moore. Not Good.
The guy at this salon is a snob who thinks he knows everything. I wouldn't let him groom my dog!  Rude and nasty attitude!
It's frozen yogurt. Do I need to say much more? \n\nOh, you get  serve yourself. Nice toppings bar.  Lots of good flavors to choose from.
Selections of goods can't complain, but these sales persons...I mean, they judge you.
Downtown Phx was poppin! I had a lot of fun.\nOnly complaint, the audio from the stage at Cityscape was garbage.\nPoor Twin Shadow. It did not do them justice.
Waited 45 minutes and still had no service. If you're a busy person, go to Great Clips across the street.
Doooooiiiive!  Great place to belly up next to bikers\/tweakers\/truck drivers.  But I digress, who am I to judge?
Such an over picked pile of 2nd hand clothing.  I'd rather shop at the Salvation Army.  Their shoes stunk of aging Swiss cheese.
Great place, I love it there.\nExcellent work on the car wash and detail.\nAsk for Scott in detail, he's the man!!
With all the night clubs available in Veags....Do NOT come here. Terrible, terrible service. Small venue with very little non-VIP room to dance and just overall very disappointing....NEXT!
There were so many dudes here I thought for sure this was a gay bar.  Apparently not.
Lived here for a year, and I loved it. Awesome office crew too.
This stadium is Amazeballs!!!! Perfect, gorgeous and beyond 5 stars! I cannot wait for another great venue here!  Architecturally incredible!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Clean store, convenient location, well stocked, and friendly service. The cashiers are pretty quick here. The lines can get busy so having efficient cashiers at checkout is important.
I hate this place. Mean staff. Bad service. Closes too early. Expensive. Gross beer selection. Go elsewhere. Make you take off your shoes even if you're not playing.
A Haiku for my experience at Melt:\n\nMammoth sandwiches.\nMonte Cristo a delight. \nQuirk, fun, and long wait.
Nice amenities (24\/7 use of the upgraded gym and 24\/7 pool\/hot tub with cabanas), spacious floor plan, quiet community.
This is the place. If you're Paris Hilton circa 2004.\n\nThat would make you think I would like this venue. Nah.
DO NOT GO TO THIS MALL!  You are putting yourself at risk of personal injury.  There is lots of Black mob violence there, very dangerous.
DON'T SUBSCRIBE!! When you cancel, they will keep calling and calling and CALLING!! I don't want your paper anymore; hence the cancellation. Stop calling me!!!!!!!
Fantastically surreal. Absolutely amazing. Beyond expectations. Limited view. Not bad. Worth remembering. Would recommend. Gotta go. End review.
Best Carne Asada Fries EVER.\n\nThe end\n\nJust go and order them and thank me later.
Nice to see the ladies out! I just inhaled an amazing d-liche cupcake! First time at a roller derby for me! I'm so excited!!
I love the fancy cocktails and the Mac & Cheese. Omg you guys, it's too tasty!
Can someone tell me um am 18 and just wanna know if they serve 18yr olds with sheesha or do you have to be 19 pm me thx
Terrible driver cutting everyone off on the street and laughing. Jack ass! Almost caused a few accidents in less than three minutes on the strip.
I love this theater.  It's so brand new and sparkly.
This is some tatsy biznass!!! Get the Reuben and call it a day!
Owner also puts out if you're unsatisfied with experience!!  All around awesome efforts to keep their clients happy !!
This was a great joint to satisfy your Vietnamese food cravings.  Everything is fresh and super tasty. I loved the pho with oxtail.  You will not be disappointed.
Expensive but def tasty.  I liked this concoction.  The dessert was still creamy but light.   Def fun to try something different.  We all need dessert to improve our moods.
All the other reviews pretty much sums it up. Bad customer service, arrogant... don't want to serve you unless you LOOK like you can actually afford it...
Great experience.  I wonder what their water bill is?  Damn...
This very well could be Pita Heaven but instead it was Dolma Hell!\nThey were canned and dreadful.\nThat is all.\n\n1 star based solely on the Dolma.
Pricey for casual food joint but lots of seating and comfortable background.  There is a wait staff to refill your beverages and provide service.
Leaving this blank for now so I can come back and comment when I'm slightly less likely to swear.
Sheets!!!! Ask for Sheets at the door he'll be able to take care of you! If your an Asian Female even better, he'll love you for sure!
The place is great in atmosphere and the servers are super friendly. Food is awosome and highly recommended diner.\n\nThe burgers is a must and the gravy also
Ewww, just ewww. I may need a tetanus shot from being in the store.
Disrespectful to handicapped bikers. They wouldn't let them park in the garage even though they were staying in hotel. Stay away. Stay anywhere else.
That's cool. Had a wonderful experience in Mirage! Nice beds... Nice people!
The rooms are cheap, that's for sure.  You also get what you pay for.\n\nBad location.  Bad rooms.  Bad upkeep.  No other amenities.\n\nOK pool.\n\nNot worth a more in depth review.
I always enjoyed deep dish pizza. \n\nChicago-style pizza
My heat went out and the robinson group was on it and had someone out there the same night thanks Jarrod Robinson!
Had this A-hole in my home and he became vulgar. Asked me where I was from and started with moronic remarks about Americans from Illinois. Choose someone more professional.
Pizza was thin and crispy which is ok, but my biggest fear was of the black hair bearded man working on my pizza.  Luckily, no hairs on my pizza.
Nice little airport.  Can't wait to fly in and out of here on my G5 one day.  Hopefully!
Got delivery to hotel last night. Food was not good or hot upon delivery. I'd recommend calling anywhere else for pizza, wings, and fries
$4.99 for 4 chicken strips, crispy fried juicy white meat with a sweet BBQ sauce and a big flaky biscuit!  Yeah!\n\nI promise to start eating healthier tomorrow...\n\nUh, maybe?
5 Stars for CHEAP Beer! \n5 Stars for GREAT people Watching\n0 Stars for the smell\n...did I mention CHEAP???
Sherway Gardens is too confusing in its layout.\n\nNice stores, though.\n\nI am writing this review because of the outstanding bathrooms.\n\nCOMPLETELY...HANDS...FREE.\n\nWell, almost completely.
Best Bar Ever!!!!!!!!!\n\nService is awesome and the drinks are stiff, which I appreciate.\n\nThe bar is filled with beautiful people!
You have to go to a separate location to get your cat, which will delay you even more.  Dirty car.  Dirty location.  Skeevy business.
Place looks great. The rooms are remodeled from last time I went and the pool is awesome to go relax.
Arizona Onocology tried there best  but not good enough  she passed oct 1 2010
I cry when I fill up. :'(
I went in April 2018 to shop for a new 4Runner. Jordan  helped me. He then left me this message using filthy language. Don't shop here.
WTF you guys!\n1 Dos Equis ON TAP 7.99\n1 Gold marg in sippy cup 12.99\ntax 1.70\n= bendmeover no dinner first\nNo likey\nNo likey one bit
Three murders here in less than 2 months I wish someone had warmed us before we signed lease.this place sucks run for your life
Are you guys serious with the 2-star reviews? Your descriptions scream 5-stars!!!! Football players? Quarterbacks? Hockey players? Sluts? STDs? Dance floor? This place sounds awesome!!!!!
Chouette découverte d'une partie de l'équipe Yelp de Montréal et en plus j'ai gagné un donuts, que demander de plus ??
New style seating at this Amc.  \nEmployees are very courteous at this location
The hostess is incredibly rude and I would never come back here. First impressions are everything and you should probably employ someone who knows how customer service works.
Canceled my order at the last minute because it was \"too much trouble\" for them. Not polite and disorganized.
Absolute garbage. The rolls were soaking wet, the beef sandwich was painfully bland, and their hotdog was what I would expect at an elementary school cafeteria. Horrible.
below average food; avoid ordering vegetarian dishes-especially paneer; did not try dosa or biryani; servers roam around without actually serving or asking!
This place was awful. Bad sauce poor service and flavourless food I would rather eat chef boyardee.
Hair in the chicken batter. Food is good but this is gross and easily preventable with good hygiene and diligence following health code rules.
Warning! You WILL want to leave with a puppy! They are super adorable but super pricey!
Another incredible meal at Cherryblossom with friends and new friends! We all had something different and ooooh soooo devine!! Very satisfied.  :)
Huge selection of books and magazines here. They also sell Kindles and every subject is represented here. Staff is helpful.
Had a party of 13 for my wife's bday and were asked to leave twice. Apparently we had too many people spending money. Never going back!
Cleanest bar I have ever been in!  Great food and very generous portions.  Check out their corned beef hash, Amazing!
Perfect place for white trash and alcoholics!\nIf you're looking for a sewer and filth in food, drinks and smoke, this is your spot!
Bad food.  I would go for drinks to watch sports.  Everything is bad Sysco type food that makes you want to yap.
\"Sorry, we're all out of Spinach Dip.\"\n\nOkay. We'll get some wings then.\n\n\"Sorry, we don't have wings.\"\n\nA sports bar without wings? Nah, brah.
Again used the service for delivery. What a complete disaster. Can't say much more.... placed food outside to be picked back up by the restaurant. $39? U judge
Terrible teachers except Mona. Haven't tried their latin night which people are raving about
Cup cakes here will satisfy any sweet tooth. The strawberry and chocolate mint cakes are melt in your mouth. The staff here is friendly and keep their shop clean.
Used to like mac and gaydos and their stories but they seemed to become biased in their views. I change the channel when they come on.
Blood stains on wall.   Check.\nLumpy college dorm room mattress.  Check.\nAsian guys giving me hard looks.  Check.\n$25 tables all weekend long.  Check.\n\nTwo star review.  Check.
Sadly, both the food and service have slipped significantly here over the years.  I will avoid coming here in the future.  Too bad.
All I have to say is bacon, black pepper scone. Please and thank you.
Definitely divey but whatever.  Its cheap, fast, good and open late.  No place for me to get gyu-don after 4am so this place works just fine.
I'm weird.  My favorite part are the bomb scanning machines at the base :)
I spent $50 on gas and you refuse to let my wife use the restroom.\n\nWow.\n\nYou SUCK!
Gross, sketchy, white trash, and filled with drug dealers.\n\nBartender can't make a margarita to save his life.
They are overpriced in my book. Very friendly. I wish the owner would wear something other than Jeans if he wants me to pay upper scale prices.
Damn spicy. Damn greasy. Damn cheap. Damn tasty.
As expected, the wait is very slow. Staff aren't happy or friendly. You can get your name changed after marriage here in addition to other standard MVD related services.
C'était un samedi paresseux\nAvec scone, pain aux bananes et lattés\nJasette de vie et de changements à venir\nAssises, nous contemplons \nParmi les quelques mouches virevoltant \nC'était encore l'été
Well it's free.  And it's a stamp.
Could be friendlier that's for sure. But the foods good and I appreciate that they have vegan \/ vegetarian options \/pho.
Listening to Risa Dickens look back at her time at Concordia before working with Yelp. #duchessofConcordia
2 stars because you have to awkwardly (and painfully!) sit in a salon chair while getting your eyebrows threaded
Ahi poke is very good. Jiampong soup is ok \/ average. Overpriced. Server is really nice. Receptionist is ok. Will not come back due to price.
Today they played Nickleback without warning. Don't workout here without noise canceling headphones.
The owner wouldn't let me use the bathroom because I came from the gay bar, he said it was broken and kicked me out.
The Vegas roll was incredible and the service was great! Salmon Sashimi is fresh and melts in your mouth.
Guys. There's a wine bar. It's cheap. Drink here. Go shopping after.
I just love this coffee chain,I'm hooked on all their coffee and teas and pastries,especially this time of the year with my small pumpkin spice addiction :-)..
Everyone I come here they are on vacation and closed. Looks like they don't need jobs.
Not impressed...had fried chicken and most of it was batter we were disappointed.  Everything had an odd taste to it..even the tea tasted weird.
If you like lot lizards, you'll love the Pine Cone!
I have stayed at every major hotel in Vegas and I give Travelodge a 5. Better location.  Easy to maneuver.  Makes MGM look like an old museum.
So this place and the Cheese Cake Factory come from the same company?  Seriously, what's the difference? All the finest in corporate mediocrity.
It was NOT an expectable experience . To expensive, menu was \"criptic\" at best, and I left HUNGRY !!!!!!!!'
Three words: \n\nYUMMY.\n\nAngio. \n\nPlasty.
Bought expired food, went to return it and the owner said expired food is fine...........hell no
I e-mailed them my review to give them a chance to reprive themselves, annnnnndddd nothing.
Fix your hours on Yelp. Nothing like driving to a closed restaurant that says they should be open. I know that is petty, but it is annoying.
--Good variety of beers.\n\n--Great location near Arrowhead Mall.\n\n--Plenty of parking.\n\n--Food was decent for chain food.\n\n--Service was a tad slow, but the Server was friendly.
Run fast....please don't ask questions......just RUN.  \n\nIf you like stretch marks then this is the place for you!
Now I live in Philly and I want burnt ends for dinner tonight and I can't have them and it makes me want to cry.\n\nBlack Dog, I love you.
My friend reminded me of the best part... When we walked outside after our horrible meal, there was a nasty used green condom on the floor. Yuck.
The club has improved quite a bit and I am considering rejoining. The views are outstanding:)
The orange and mandarin chicken dishes are my favorite here. Egg rolls and crab puffs are a tasty side. Service is average. Also, there's no drive through here.
Their prices are amazing\nTheir frozen food section is diverse\nTheir dairy is hormone free and very fresh\nTheir flowers are pretty n shit\n\ni love me some Trader Joe's
It's a chain.\n\nChicken Parm isn't bad, especially when you aren't paying for it.\n\nYa feel me?
I love this place. It's fun to watch football here and the food is always good. Justin and Angie are very attentive bartenders.
Great cake !! Have been coming here for years to get bday cakes . They are always fresh and homemade . I would highly recommend !
Great food but really loud and crowded. This wouldn't be so bad if the support staff didn't seem overworked and overwhelmed.
This branch can get busy as it's in a prime location in town. Lines move pretty quickly and ATMs are easy to navigate. Staff is also friendly.
Good place. No ranch available for hot wings,even if you ask, no ranch! they offer blue friggin cheese. .. Wtf. Come on browns
Best Toronto area Veterinarians! Hands down!
Three pools- confidence builders, all of them. No hot, skanky girls. Just real folks...sometimes too real. Here's a challenge- ask anyone in the pool where the nearest restroom is.
Wow this place is huge and they have everything! But you have to know what your looking for. Their variety is endless. And their meat prices are cheap.
Save your money and eat a hot dog while watching the game.
Went to see Sleeping Beauty tonight....this is an amazing place...the show was fantastic....The Phoenix Symphony played while the talented dancers performed...AMAZING...the costumes...the backdrops...a MUST SEE...
Amazing cannoli and everything else. It's a great little hidden gem in Mississauga. They also now have gluten free or egg free cakes also.
One drink, the Sazerac. One bartender, Jason. One location, Chandelier 1.5. Do it. Do it now.
If you love walking laps around your apartment complex after 10 PM, then this is the place for you!
Mes baskets ont tenu à peine deux semaines ! Chaussures à ne pas acheter ici car ça n'a pas de qualité c'est une farce !
Literally ran my credit 25 times damaging my credit score! Avoid at all costs!
Catfish was very good. Ribs were very bad (had veins and fat throughout).
Their macarons are HUGE and possibly the best in Vegas. Yup, just in Vegas. Laduree will always be the best in the whole world.
Thought I'd give this overly hyped place a try and it FAILED.  Immediately when served the bun was drenched in wetness and it was cold.
Worst glass and after market products used here. DO NOT GO HERE! Better off buying new phone, or claiming insurance. RIP OFF
I love Bennett Property Management! Shout out to Terry for being a great property manager!!!
Extremely slow drive thru. Food cold when up to the window. Even though it's cheap I won't be back.
Horrible service and attitude of hostess. Plenty of tables open and would not sit a party of 4 in more than 45 minutes at 9 pm on a Wednesday.
Very good pizza great prized great taste they always have great specials they even offer boxes to take home your extra good food
I've been several times to Oakville location. I liked this one more very nice atmosphere. Welcoming staff, very fresh sushi.
The fish was good slaw was good. CAREFUL as they round up on your bills.
Really good turkey sub!\nLuv the place!\nI just feel awkward when the CC \nMachine asks me to tip and they're are looking?!
What I don't understand is why they even have a swimming pool.  It isn't heated.  In fact, it's like a block of ice. What's the point of having it?
The night I was there there were way too many sloppy-fall-down-drunks and the crowd looked \"ridden hard and put away wet\". \n\nIt was like amateur hour at the Roxbury.
Great park for the entire family. There's also museum on site about the first class of Native American students who used to come to school here.
Horrible customer service and rude staff. Do not recommend this place. Prices are also on the higher end.
20 minutes at our reserved table without so much as a glance from anyone, much less a glass of water. Left and went to Flemings.
Enjoy coming here because they have the big comfy leather seats that recline. Theaters are always kept clean, food and service are always good.
I did have a billing incident but we resolved it shortly thereafter.
slow, very slow.  you would think for what they charge they would move a little faster. slow, sloowww, sllloooowwww.
This is no longer My Ngoc. It became Pho Van at least 2 years ago.
This guy takes some snazzy photos AND he introduced me to the Kom Jug.  Need I say more?
OOOOkay?!\n\nDefinitely not worth $125... Love was so much better!!
If you like Country Music then you should \"LOVE THIS BAR\". I don't...
Great place to eat, drink and be merry. Come to chill, chat or work.  Lots of seating and space.   Great for solos or groups.  Fun place.
Ho-hum food and poor service. And a feeling like you went back 40 years in time with the decor. The only good quality about this restaurant are the prices.
Speedy drive through when we popped in for a quick hot chocolate. My wife pronounced it one of the best hot chocolates that she has ever had.
It's kind of like In-N-Out for mid-westerners.  Good meal that regional nostalgia sort of inflates.  Does serious  business.  Very good Italian beef.
Dr. Daniel and everyone working there are AWESOME!!! I enjoy going in and getting adjusted! Very professional, personable and friendly!!! Love coming here!!!
I had a egg, and sausage sandwhich the other day. It was very good. Served with donut holes.
Shaved ice dessert.  A quaint joint to grab a refreshing bite.  Lots to choose from and you can have yours custom made as well.
The food was ok, a good reasonable price but it took a little bit long to get it and the dining area was a little bit dirty.
Hot Mess !!\nHave absolutely no idea what they are doing .\nYou pay for a lot of salad and very little meat
Small bar and lackluster staff. Guy brought back less change and to explain   said \"with tax I rounded up\". Also didn't even pour a full beer. Ounces short. Next.
Jessica was awesome. Best waxing experience I've ever had. I would highly recommend Pretty Kitty!!
This place was actually disgusting on every life level. If I was starving and the only thing to eat was a rally's burger I'd probably die.
I will make it really simple. Very Poor portions and bored staff. Food taste is not even great. I have no reason to comeback.
The free guacamole worked! Yippie!!! Starting off w a Bloody Mary.
Most expensive headband purchase ever.  I came in here thinking I might find one cheaper than ULTA which is located next door.  \nSpent $65 and didn't find a headband.
The pizza was delicious. I ordered the hot dog pizza  and  veggie lovers pan pizza. The service was fast and friendly. Will come back again.
New location for Sam James Coffee by the park. Low maintenance and strong cold brew ($2.62 CAN). Nice crew. A long bench for seating.
Great food! Pizza was excellent! & The delivery driver was the nicest delivery person I've ever had! All around a great experience
Popcorn was solid. My friend ate the whole carton. I heard there were also strippers there, will have to go back to find out for sure...
These apartments are wonderful. Great location. Friendly staff. Close to freeways and nearby shopping and dining. Glad to be here!
It's 89° inside this bar right now. Way too hot for a conducive drinking environment. This is a sauna
Cute airport, in-and out very easily. Easy to get around and many dining options to buy some food before a flight.
I love Vietnamese food, but this place is no bueno. It had this chemical taste which freaked me out.
Can't make this sh$$ up. What else do I need to say...? Just look at the picture and laugh with me
Needs a negative star!  Drive thru slow and food greasy.  Made me pee out of my butt didnt even think that was possible. Never again I say never again
Way before the Starbuck's Frappuccino there was the Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf's Blended.\n\nLove this drink, I usually opt for hazelnut.  Service was fast and friendly at the airport.
This place is very nice inside. Fancy. The food was good but I wouldn't rate it more than 3 stars. They do have a pretty nice presentation though
Great friendly staff the only thing is you cannot use your Starbucks Apple prepaid card on your phone. Connected with Barnes and Noble.
Really good food -- especially the grilled mahi sandwich\n\nFun atmosphere and an open air -- Florida-like feel
Food like a chew toy\nBut with a lot less flavor\nAll in a nice box!
My review would be from 1973. Everyone was friendly and welcoming when one entered.\nI am amazed this place still exists. Don't gay bars die on a regular basis?
Omg, this is one the worse airport.  \n\nTSA is super slow, inefficient, \n\nAIrport itself is very old old old.  Yuck.
Be really drunk and order a whole pie. It'll be good times. Don't go there if you are sober!!
Another great experience today!\n\nI had my yearly exam, fitted for contacts, and received them all within 45 minutes.\n\nAwesome staff with an awesome Dr.
Awesome staff. They are great! Probably the best experience I have had at a urgent care ever!!
If you enjoy cold food, served on cold plates this is the place for you.  Bring your canteen as well if your thirsty, drinks are scarce.
I completely dig this grocery, well as much as a dude can dig a grocery store.  I just happen to always go here because it is so close.
no very impressed. Bar tenders were beyond rude, and inisting you tip, hounding you to tip. Really not cool.
I live in a rural town in Arizona and the sushi is 100 times better for half the price. This place is terrible.
So the Brookside is back open...haven't checked it out yet, but I am a bit suspicious of the previous two reviews...hmmm.
Food - bleh\/yuck\n\nMusic - good\n\nPrices of drinks -pricy\n\nPro - midget giving out free shots
let the tourists have their fancy strip, i am stickin' with the 'Tez!
excellent food  ...resonable prices....fresh and good service.. this place remind me the good ole days...
Extremely slow service.... go elsewhere!\n\nQuality of the food wasn't bad but ladies and gentlemen you will have a few birthdays by the time the food comes out.
I have never been a big fan. \nBUT\nThe kids taco meal with Barbacoa, rice, chips and a drink for $4.01...perfect for a lunch. \n\nStaff was nice, place was clean.
Be careful. I was quoted 2 different prices for the 90 minute massage. Then they cancelled at the last minute. Business 101 is not adhered to here it seems.
Have never found a better waiter. This guy really knows hoe to handle his customers. To top it off the food is excellent.
Organic everything at exhorbitant prices. \nA quintessential Toronto institution.
One star is generous.  Lost our gift card.  Lost our credit card.  Servers friends were clearly in on it when we complained.  Do NOT go here
This is a general review for directv-\nNegotiated a deal to pay 60 a month. Just found out I've been paying 136 a month!!!
I had my first Sonic burger yesterday.  It wasn't what I expected it to be but it was good.  The Sonic Blast w\/ Reese's was damn good though!
HOA is always horrific to deal with. The HOA office\/staff is the only reason I would consider moving.
Cheap rates! Great rooms! What a deal! Can't go wrong when staying at a Hilton Brand
Bleh. Bad food, snotty service, crappy table. Bleh.
I come here to get my meat.  They will slap ya with it...but thats extra...
Most confusing airport ever and there is construction every which way you turn. Also seems to be very under staffed long lines not a lot of employees
Another amazing pizza from Pizza Nostra! Highly recommend! Sauce is perfection as well as the crust! Fresh topping! Soooo good!
Imagine this... grilled pastrami, on golden grilled whole grain with spicy mustard and slice of Swiss cheese. YUMMY\n\nLil donut holes for dessert....
Poor food sucked service sucked everyting sucked
Decent but not outstanding Americanized Chinese food. The curry chicken with steamed vegetables was good, but everything else was just okay. Not much more to add.
Ordered sinigang for lunch today and the sinigang has bug . Ewww!!! I will never order here. I will post the picture of my order.
GREEEEE-SEEEEEE, but tasty.  \n\nSkip the tacos and head straight for the tamales.\n\nOle.
good morning im heading up there to meet a friend for breakfast I  been there a few times  not a bad place  have a great day everyone
With my feet killing me from my uber fabulous shoes, we stopped at Espressamente Illy.  The Marocchino Caldo made everything in my world great again ;) !!!
People that rate this place 5 stars should read the list of ingredients they use. Everything they serve is loaded with MSG.
It hasn't even been a week and my gel manicure is already chipping!!! They typically last a full two weeks when they're done right. AWFUL!
DISGUSTING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nWho puts dogs in fish aquariums?!\n\nIt's disgusting that the mall allows this place to stay open.
Rude employees. Bad coffee and horrid parking situation. Visit ANY other Starbucks before coming here
worst place around!!! service dept is so rude and horrible! emilo is a rude nasty human!!!! go to coulter nissian!
I was kicked out of a show for laughing. I was then stepped in the face by a security guard.
Poooooop!!!\n\nBeing American, I had clear expectations of what to expect from Marshalls and this Canadian branch fails. :(\n\nImportant to note: This location does NOT carry housewares. At all.
Best looking bouncers I've seen hands down: dressed to the nines in dapper suits, tall and dark, yeow!  Oh yeah, the club is not too shabby.
Convenient 24\/7 store that has everything you need in life to survive. Cashiers could be a little more efficient and staff a little friendlier.
The sushi is great, but I am not a sushi fan.\n\nI ordered their Chicken Teriyaki bowl. Not good at all. Bleh.
Lame... Haunted my a$$!!! This place is like any other park with lots of kids playing.
Horrible customer service from the service department...lies, deception and overall lack of integrity.
Pizza is good, but the delivery guy throws trash in driveway while leaving.  \n$17 cost of pizza + $5 tip.
why does our theater keep getting bought out by all these shitty companies? amc or harkins please buy this theater in surprise, we beg of you!
It's good if you are old and don't have taste buds or real teeth
Vegas, you call this dim sum? More like dim shit!
It was so bland spent almost $12 on a small pad Thai with chicken that was not good at all :((
Central. Inexpensive. Quality service. (Et ma mère est d'accord ! ;-)\n\nWhat more can you ask?
Don't come even a minute before 8:00 AM or they'll give you an ear full, doesn't matter what your needs are, you are just a customer.
I had set up an appointment for today at 12:00 and they no showed. Didn't receive a phone call or anything. Apparently my time isn't important. Enough said!
An update: the place started using non-fresh fish. I tasted the difference right away. I withdraw my previous rating of 5 stars.
The good: tasty, inexpensive food that is available until late. \nThe bad: you will literally blast off when you go to the bathroom after eating here.
Great customer service. I give them 10 stars for letting us watch the water fountain show at belagio from there deck
They have the best catfish in Las Vegas. We go there whenever we can. All the food they provide is fresh aside from being very convenient.
Very trendy and popular restaurant and bar, stylish decoration inside, fast and friendly service, great place to hang out off the strip, less crowded.
went into the dark bathroom\nflipped on the lights\nscurrying ROACHES, as in plural, ran into hiding\ni squealed\nwe left
REALLY?! $7 for a Dulce de Lèche Cheesecake?! Are you kidding me this better be goo... *fork enter mouth, moment of silence, entering a world of ecstasy*\n\nThat is all!
Terrible. Taste like I'm drinking sugar. They don't know what less sugar means......
This place was average. Buffet and a drink at dinner with a tip for one was $17. A bit pricey. This should not be one dollar sign imo.
service is ok! unfortunately,  it was mouth dry and thirsty after eating every time!  i thought they put lot  of msg on food!
major  rip off do not go went through it in 45 minutes waste of 30 dollars wasn't even scary big waste of money go someplace  sucks!
The opera singing chef was quite a stud, but unfortunately his food was a forgettable dud.\n\nBonus points for ambience and bring your own wine...but one visit was enough.
Good food, plenty of atmosphere, especially if you like a place with large airbrushed beer bottles, and martini glasses on the walls.
Awesome filet minon and awesome bone marrow w\/ bacon jam. Also had the Mr. Daniels whiskey flight.
Giant Coffee really misleads their customers. The size of the coffee there is comparable to any other coffee house. \"Normal Sized Coffee\" might be more fitting.
Stay away unless you are 87 years old or you enjoy awful food.
Homejoy Cleaning Service. Tried them today for the first time and Melissa did a fabulous cleaning my home. I look forward to her coming back next month.
Jan Jan Jan let me say that again Jan he's the man!\nLove this place! Jan does the BEST COFFIN NAIL!\nHe's the best. Go see Jan!
Terrible ,over priced \nRip off \nThin nothing on it \nStore frozen pizza  is better\nWill never go back
Five stars for my fire-roasted veggie tacos.\n\nZero stars for the heat. My god, Arizona is Satan country.
Definitely a hole in the wall place (my favorite kind). Search for it, find it, enjoy it; you won't regret it.
Not a bad $3.00 burger, unfortunately it's $8.00!  Yam fries overcooked and thin. Good shake, but staff needs to organize drink and dinner at same time.
God dammit this place is so good.  I got my hair cut by Gerardo himself. I might have to start flying out to Vegas to get my fade.\n\nCertified TIGHT.
Just received an update on Thursday that headboard will be replaced next Thursday i.e. 2 whole weeks after the item was delivered.
My hubby enjoyed it.  It was all about him and that's what I wanted!  I enjoyed the comedic parts of the show!  The singer was very good.
Juice was thin and like vaping perfume. Carto leaked. Prices were very expensive.\n\nNot good.
Dark, cheap, and serving those of questionable content and character.  Total win!
My daughter went there for her friends birthday and she came home with a broken leg do this place is dangerous
Food was pretty good, took a while to get the food after I called ahead....not bad though. We both had burgers, again nothing special, a little pricey, but tasty.
Have you ever seen anyone japanese eating here? That's a pretty good clue. The chefs are not authentic Japanese. Unfortunately, you can taste it.
I did not expect sauteed garoupa to come in \"cum\" sauce. But the fried chicken was tasty.
I've heard Toto's Africa twice in an hour.\n\nDecent tacos but this injustice shall not stand.
Place is a joke no cards no liquor no beer bull shit! Please don't waste your time crappy crappy crappy
BLUEBERRY BACON MOTHERF***ING PANCAKES.\n\nNo, seriously. The bacon is INSIDE the pancakes. \n\nYou have never tried anything like this before.\n\nDo it! Go! now!
I have a very easy system for grading arcades.  It's as follows:\n\nDo all four arrows work on their Dance Dance Revolution?\n\nNo?\n\nWell then you fail, Gameworks.  You fail hard.
The employees here are buying illegal perfume from theives. Do NOT patronize this restaurant. They have been crooked for years.
I just realized that the chick who cut my hair cut it to resemble a local newscaster instead of what I asked for. How twisted!
Super healthy delicious food. It's definitely food with a  purpose! Love the vibe here.
Absolutely amazing Thai food. I don't normally like Thai food, but this was awesome!
Vibe was a bit weird... It's kind of weird seeing senior citizenss hang out here... \n\nAn older crowd without the douches I guess..\n\nSee ya.. Not coming back.
Rude. Disrespectful when inquiring about packages. Refers to female customers as \"dumb bitches\"
Solid company that gets the job done. Very professional service. When you need AC, these are the guys to call. \nWould definitely recommend them!
I went there for lunch with coworkers. A great overall restaurant. Ordering is done on iPads. \n\nOnly issue is the lack of hard core sushi selections.
Tip:-\nUtter disappointment-I went by the ratings and didn't read Barbara or Stephanie's reviews-Below average Thai food I guess I have had better.No flavor no kick in the taste?
Bartenders hate their jobs here at hickory tavern. I suggest if you're out having a good time and in search for a drink you skip this joint.
I didn't know whether to watch a movie or make a conference call. Don't get the tabletop seats. It has all the charm of watching a movie at Kinko's.
Great donuts place very clean & excellent customer service. Finally a good donut & coffee place in Surprise....
Next time i'll stay in a dumpster instead, it's free, smells the same and just as clean!
Hole in the wall but great cheap food. \nDon't go there if you want fancy, but go if you just want good food. \nI recommend the pad Thai.
This place has very good coffee and is excellent, however they don't put lids on their coffee and it always spills everywhere. I will never come here again
AMAZING! Candace is awesome and very patient I would never trust anyone else with my wax!
Any bar that allows a country dancer to prominently display his confederate flag on the dance floor earns this rating.  Congrats.
Great spot for an easy hike!  I also like to run the stairs on McDowell side.  Parking is limited by the stairs
Solid service. our Home Warranty has had these guys come out twice now for 2 seperate issues. Both times they were prompt and friendly and fixed the issue.\n\nNo complaints.
Nice restaurant, but not my style. Nice welcome southern feeling. Food was good, but not exceptional. Prices were good and not too expensive. Great service.
Dry, overcooked unrecognizable pieces of cold greasy pigeon with more batter than meat. Just drive by, don't slow down, don't look over don't even think about it.
This chinese restaraunt was overly priced, had horrible service, overall bad experience. I would recommend going to PF Changs or Pei Wei for the money.
Best mole in Scottsdale!\n\nI'm right, so don't argue about it.\n\nSign me,\n\nDavid \"Mole loco\" M.
Had a pistachio. Tasted like wax. Pretty weak.
Rude bartender and horrible smokey dark room that has a bunch of zombie eyed gamblers and no music or sports on.  Worse bar in Vegas!
So mediocre, bland, and overpriced, this place is the perfect match to the forest hill clientele.
This place used to be so decent, but I think everyone here has stopped caring.  Just like my review.\n\n(tear)
Fish and chips was recommended and was completely overcooked. Onion rings too, please adjust the fryer temperatures
Solid burgers and chicken sandWiches that hit the spot.  Clean environment.  Love the $1 waffle cone days!
Sporadic open\/closed times and\nConventioneer prices. Want an item\nSay a bracha and they may have it in\nStock, need a course in customer satisfaction !
A lot of dining options and stores, free charging stations at this big clean airport with conventional and recyclable trashes, etc.
Quote for service - $550\nLaptop place next door - $125\n\nHipster thieves!
Ambiance: there is none. Cheerful service? Nope. Why do we always end up here? Because it's always open and they have Quebec microbrew beer. No...other...reason.
- this place is terrible.\n- ok. it's not. it's amazing, but it's always so busy and cheap and delicious and makes winter tolerable.\n- so stop showing up.
One class and already a big fan. Instructors are awesome, studio is clean and the variety of classes rocks.
All the rolls were cold and kinda disappointing. Also my cat died. Charlotte is ok. Why do all my friends hate me? The sushi was okay though.
Stopped serving drinks at 2:00 AM therefore 2 stars.\n\nREALLY THIS IS VEGAS....\n\n\nPS the Bellini drink was good. Bad was the price.
Much better sushi elsewhere.  Be wary of eateries that try to combine Japanese and Chinese cuisine.  Won ton soup and sashimi?  The horror.
371492816 great restaurants in Las Vegas.\nFor my birthday dinner, I chose Pizzeria da Enzo.\n3rd year in a row.\nTrue story.
I always come here for lunch.  The turkey burger and sweet potato fries are the best! The staff is superb, especially Ian, Don and Derek. I highly recommend!
Absolutely-Fantastic. Serendipity3 is a HOT spot in Las Vegas. Located on the street in front of Caesars Palace.
Wonderful to work with, easy to auto-pay!  Units are clean and the facility is well kept.  It's super secure and access is very simple.
Service was horrid salsa tasteless waited over 30 minutes for draft beer. Still waiting for the food. Ugh
Can someone hook me up with a time machine so I can travel back to 1997 when Outback was good!!!!
Candace is the best so professional and does a wonderful job! Won't go anywhere else for my needs!
Love this place!!  I can get in at a moments notice.  And they are very thorough and fast!! I recommend Amelia she's my fav!!
I'll review the airport if I want to!  \ndammit.\nSlowest security line I've been in since about 2002.  Not enough seats in the Southwest Terminal.  Delicious TCBY yogurt.
Came here for a friend's party. Ordered the fish taco..taste very salty..worse taco I ever had..lake view is pretty but the food quality REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY needs improvement
Yes, it's true you are treated extremely rude there by a lady who obviously hates her job and her life. Go elsewhere for beads.
There is this cute asian boy named Charlie working here. His shift is usually 4 till closing.
the wait staff is so slowwwww i want to die. the food was ok. i still want to die. please help me.
Emissions is boring...
Simply the best.  Very professional expert service, insurance has covered %100% of my visits for years, but i've not had any problems in the last 4 yrs.
SUCK:\n(ssuuukkkk)\n1. An intransitive verb indicating a negative state of affairs\n2. Synonymous with blow and bite\n3. To be really really crappy
Great staff. Very friendly. Relaxing environment. The Dr was very helpful and upfront as to what needed to be done to relieve my intestinal issues.
Sunday fully jam packed, and still some old food. Honestly I believe that they did a positive marketing campaign to boost good reviews... this place sucks
Knowledgeable staff clean and elegant spa very welcoming atmosphere I will definitely be back again no complaints
Walked in, sat down at the counter.\n\n20 minutes later, when no one had acknowledged us, and the greasy smoke had long-since overpowered us, walked out.
A Las Vegas staple. Short on $$?  Want to see naked ladies?  (Through a foggy window). This place is it. Bring your friends. Keep our economy rolling.
This place has NO CLUE what no soliciting means!!!! Leave you garbage some where else, stay off my property, and learn how to read!!!
Love this place always sooo friendly and make you feel at home. Wish there were more deals for customers!
Worst place to bowl. Period. Asked for bumpers, I was told 10 and under. Discriminatory and disrespectful staff. I will NOT be returning.
i have had such a wonderful experience and amazing results!! Dr. Borsand and his staff make you feel comfortable and you will be ecstatic with the way you look!
Pretty cool joint.  The pastas seem fresh and the sauces are tasty.  I like the atmosphere.  I'll be back !\n\nYa feel me?
Expensive as shit...but it's pretty damn good! Ill come back when I get a raised at work!
A haiku, Ode to the Chang:\n\nWaitress, bring me rice\nCheap utilitarian \nWrong dish, take it back
My whole family comes here. I love my FNP she's Corie Kelly & GREAT. The staff is fast, courteous & helpful. So far so good.
Completely unprofessional , unreachable , unreliable and too self important to care about a clients needs . Stay away from these guys . You have been warned.
Great restaurant, both for food and ambiance. You just have to \"behave\" yourself, or you'll get the \"soup Nazi\" treatment.
We just stopped in here to use the restroom. Seemed a bit dim and shady, not going back.
Drinks... Average at best. Service is horrible. Owner decided to venture off and have a couple drinks with some other guests. Poor poor management..
I don't know why people like this chain. Pre sliced preservative meat. It's on par w subway. If you want a real sub go to jersey mikes or dibellas.
This place is boring and the waitresses are really stuck up and rude!  They deserve no tip.
Over rated. That is all. \n\nI said over rated. Stop reading this and find another restaurant.
I like Wal Mart. I really do. Just not this one. I feel like I need to take a shower after I'm done shopping here.
Yes their probably going to still talk sh*t about you infront of you in their native tongue, but my toes and eye brows are GORGEOUS!
This place is a must if you visit Pittsburgh. The sandwiches are fantastic and they have a good selection of beer.
Yeh, it is only $1 a slice but!!!!!!!\nCrust like thin burnt toast!\nCold cheese on top!\nForgetaboutit!
1. Employee turned off a Canada vs USA hockey game and turned on Boston vs Utah basketball game. WTF?!?\n\n2. Place is depressing enough to be a popular post-funeral eatery.
This place is cool because they leave you alone.  I don't want to be touched unless you are a burger.
Pretty good breakfast menu with $5 build-you-own bloody marys. Nice staff, lots of TVs.
Rigatony's is hands down the best Italian restaurant in Tempe.  Great food, full portions, and awesome service.
the sportsman is gone\nmaybe there was a time, but\nthe pastrami sucked\n\nClosed.  Demolished.  History.  \n\nCarry on.
Remind me why I revisited this place again after many years?\n\nOh yeah! It must be so that I can briefly say, \"Meh. I've experienced better\"
The standard cowgirls-dancing-on-the-bar bar -- only it's in Scottsdale, so the cowgirls are a bit hotter than most places.
This restaurant is absolutely wonderful. Everything on the menu is delicious. I usually get chicken pad thai. It is awesome. The bartenders are great!
I Love Food Poisoning. I've spent the last 8 hours having the food from this restaurant violently exit my body.
I love it here, the location is ideal for shopping, groceries, banking, sushi...its easy and quick to get home after a night of fun
Can get really busy then the service goes to hell! On the plus side the security guard will help you try on wigs.. he's quite adorable.
Clean airport with tons of fantastic veg friendly options for dining!\nAnd, can you believe it.... the bathrooms were nearly sparkling. Not even joking.\n\nThe End.
If I could give it zero stars I would. I am not going waste any more of my time with this establishment. They just suck.
Eh...its not your typical burger....purina yuppie chow!!
Very clean place, food is delicious The taste is like a homemade Mexican food. The server are really friendly. I recommend this place.
Gave them another chance after not having real Mexican food in months and they made up for last time.
Their chocolate mint and strawberry flavors are my favorites!\n\nBring a camera--this place has plenty of photo ops!
Positives:  The breakfast burger place is on point.  Hot women watching\n\nCons: A shitty cramped airport with rude people everywhere who don't know where to go, almost bumper car like.
comcast is awesome i really do not know why people complain so much they have treated me great
Cindy L is great, she's efficient and pleasant to be around.  I've had her over 3 times now and will be booking her again as the need arises.
Amazing selection of all things with alcohol content at acceptable prices.  Nicer decor and feel then BevMo.
Worst service I've ever had! The food was decent but the service was awful and nobody was even in here
Great Store.  The amount and the variety of stock is awesome.  Easily one of the best crystal\/rock shops I have seen in my travels.
Awesome community and the staff is always helpful! With all the renovations happening I can't wait to use all the new amenities!
Great Place. Friendly staff....Tony Wilson in service does a great job!!
Any liquor store w an excellent selection that is open until midnight 7 days a week must get 5 stars. Enough said.
Wow, cougar city!  This must be where all divorcees end up going to find their next husbands.
Knowledgeable people and quality work.  A lot cheaper than buying a $600 phone. (Hope to never see you guys again)
Old tired recipes.  Food mediocre at best. Be prepared to be disappointed.
This place is run by teenage girls who like to be rude because they don't care about their jobs. Cool, I'm impressed!\n\nThe pizza is great though.
Cody's has some really tasty BBQ. Prices are great, staff is super friendly and Cody is a BBQ master!
I am the Mayor of La Barquita.\nBow down.
Don't go here unless you wanna be sick. The food sucks. Tastes like bargain basement mexican food.
Too similar to every other fusion Japanese restaurant that has existed for much longer than them. Be original
Good place, good food, killer prices, small inside, New England Coffee (Heritage of Taste, i believe?) reasonably quick, GREAT DONUTS.
Probably the best Korean food in Champaign. Source: I'm Korean, listen to me you ignants
Treated like cattle
Super fast delivery. Full communication. Not sure what there is to complain about. Thank you Edgepark.
Taste like trashy! Unbelieve when I ate tamales and found excessive salt, not fresh and oily. I refuse to come to this lousy restaurant again.
Ice cream is great!!!!  But the parking and finding a seat SUCKS!  Maybe I need to find a better time to show up???
Always helpful, friendly staff.  Great if you need mailbox but don't want to hassle with the busy post office and easy to ship\/mail\/fax, etc!
Terrible management. Inconsistent carding policies. Crabby servers. Too dark, extremely loud, and below average food. Don't waste your time.
Nice little Indian restaurant. The atmosphere and presentation of the food is very unique. Service was fair.
Avoid if at all possible. Not worth your time, $, or caloric intake.
No massage with your pedicure  I even paid and extra $5 for a salt scrub and still no massage .. Never coming back.
Love the gas prices here and that you can get discounted gas with Fry's rewards. Store has everything you'd expect from a gas station. Service is friendly, too.
I didn't know this location was inside a Safeway.  It is busy and loud.  The tables were a little dirty.  But the service was quick!
One of the best brazilian waxes I've ever had in less than 15 minutes. Sarah is a doll and wonderfully detailed.. Worth the $55+$10 tip..
Don and\/or Charlie-will you marry me?\n\nThis place is bomb.com. Don't question, just wear stretchy pants and come hungry!
The Food is great and the drinks are perfect. I was the only black person but I really think I'm the only one who noticed.
Didn't fall for there dumb ass scam. Right when I called it seemed fishy. The owner of this company deserves to have his balls cut off.
Everyone loves swinging on ladders to find books, and if they don't, well, they suck.
I like!!\nGreat night life to it!! Really nicely designed inside and super nice bartenders as well !!! :) \nNew top favorite on Mill Ave for now!!!
$5 large pizza. Good\n$6 for 3 tacos fries and a drink. Good\n$5 for wings. Good\nI am glad I will try places again.
This airport looks very 1970s.... and it smells funny.  \n\nThat's all i had to share on that.
Very nice store with very helpful employees.  I have never seen any wild animals running around in the store...so, it's also a very safe store.
Service: good or BTA\nFood: which is the most important factor of a resturant. Everthing taste average or even worse.\n i will not come back again.
Need a black dress for a murder mystery dinner party? Check.  How about a pair of suspenders?  Check.  A Christmas tree skirt?  They've got it.  This place has everything.
The manager of the prepared foods, Marge, is a horribly rude. I  avoid shopping there because of her.
Worst customer service in the UNIVERSE Ashley and Megan.  Seriously Apple?  Who are you hiring!
If I could give this place a negative rating I would. Frozen fries, shit fish. Thought this would be awesome since It's Gordon Ramsey's place. Nope, bloody fucking awful.
Convenient location, but the car wash is overpriced and always lined up. Better off going elsewhere.
The bouncers are dickheads for no reasons. There are plenty of better places to go on Mill.
Best Starbucks in the area. Friendly employees, quality drinks. \n\nBeats the new Starbucks hands down.
The old lady at the register was very rude and didn't know how to us the register mahine that I ended up not buying anything because I was late.
filled with bugs, dirty all the time, has a smell, lots of strange people hanging around all hours of the day and night, also, hookers hanging around.
It's ok... As far as airports go!  I quite enjoy sitting back and watching people sprint barefoot through the airport to get to their connection!!!!
Lov this liquor store, sophisticated and interesting that you can't buy alcohol at grocery stores. The locals spotted us asap that we weren't from here. LOL
Mayra & Marisa are very professional the upgrades are very nice. Maintenance is very cooperative and always on time!
Enormous, AWESOME and AFFORDABLE selection, ---obnoxious salesman.
This location has good service and some of the hottest baristas, especially the manager Ian.
One of my favorite Hertz locations. Cars are easy to get to. Nice rental car facility. Friendly staff.
Cheap\/ amazing soup.\nCome hear twice a week at least.....\n\nBest Thai food in town ! \n\nRecommend highly for a quicky!
This is an okay place to have lunch buffet. What you see on the menu is not what exactly what it looks like when served.
BBQ ribs were pretty tasty.\n\nAlso the mens bathroom by the bar smelled like trix cereal. I was oddly satisfied.
Hinote, please expand! I'll even help you search for a new location. I will help with the set-up, clean, cook, serve, whatever it takes.\n\nILU ! \n\nSO MUCH
Best place for quality stuff for your home. All budgets will be pleased with this store. The owner is so sweet and they get new things often.
Long wait! And the usual screaming children and bad parenting that makes this place special
No chicken fingers or chicken nuggets for the little ones.
From a boyfriend perspective...the chairs to sit on while you wait are pretty comfortable. Music is good. Sandwich shop right next door if you're hungry.
Bad... not worth giving a review, but here's the heads up and your warning
Very POOR customer service, the young girls at this tiny salon are extremely rude. Will NEVER visit this place again!
Called at 10pm to verify closing time tonight (a Friday).  Was told midnight for this location but got there at 11 and they were already closed.
I used to come here for all my meats but recently found out that his food is not from an organic farm but regular  old grocery stores... Very disappointing
A few drinks in, we figured out the dancefloor was on a boat.\nFloating... on water.\n\nThen our buzz wore off from YMCA-ing and doing the twist.
I come here to get gas. It's close to work, so that's cool. Other than that... um... I like the gas here?
Awful, no place to sit, crowded and noisy. Food is not great,'people smoking everywhere, will not recommend, crying babies and kids
I'm first time come here eat the seafood, I order shrimp and  fish.\nOMG! \nTHE FOOD IS OVERCOOKED! \nIs TERRIBLE FOOD!\n(；一_一)
A new experience, in the end it was nasty, sauces were bland, and had massive diarrhea after wards. \n\nRATING: GARBAGE!
POSITIVE\nnice, modern, clean interior.\n3 single washrooms.\nStaff was very friendly.\nGood beer selection.\nSweet heat pizza, nice...\n\nI won't do negative...\nEnough negativity in this world.
The airport is fine but the bathroom attendants have GOT TO GO! especially when they keep talking while you're trying to use the facilities...not okay.
Ordered a carne asada burrito at 2:43am, received it at 3:03am. Not much to it and it's a pretty skinny burrito.\n\nFell asleep waiting for it zzzzz.
Nice relaxing patio! I had a burger that was good. Lots of televisions to watch games. The only thing negative  was too many smokers. Waitress was very attentive.
This place rocks. They saw us on short notice and took care of business. Elvis was amazing. Was worth the trip!
What a great family-friendly show in a very small and intimate theater. \"Elvis\" was fabulous and was the ultimate Vegas showman!
Awful. Just awful. It's a cramped little nail place that just didn't seem clean.
This rating is for the food. The food was just OK. \nThe service, however, was outstanding.
Was ok bar and appetizer place, but forgot to pay rent   They closed up in mid-January 2014
Any airport equipped with Starbucks, Free Boingo WiFi, golf cart service, filtered water fountain and those AWWWWWWESOME walking escalator thingies....is certainly worth 5 stars on the Christy Scale.
I'd like a little less snark with my pre-stressed straight leg jeans, Ms. Gap Sales Girl.
Hard to review when sign says they should be open, but door is locked and ghost town inside.
Worst ever!!!! I pay $63 dollars a month to look at houses with weeds and trash everywhere! FUCK CAM CO stupid mother fuckers
So far the best Mexican food I've had in Arizona, HANDS DOWN.\n\nI've lived in Arizona for 39 years.\n\nGo, go NOW.  Stop reading this and go, NOW.
Had a small issue with this Post office. But the post master took care of the issue. All other experiences had been very positive.
Got a confirmed reservation through email for last night but then when my friends and I showed up, we were flat out told you don't offer reservations. Not cool.
Best cheese fondue ever!!!\n\nBest beer sampler ever!!!!!!\n\nYEAHHHHH I'M EXCITED!!!!!!!!
Bad food, too much MSG, you saw that a one penny  in my food, there is no next time
thats a negative 1. I had diarrhea for a week the virus was soo bad.
Had the pumpkin flavor last night and I discovered that the bottom lever in the middle mixes the two flavors, I'm in love :)
The Vet was a total dick. Wouldn't recommend to anyone.  He was in no way helpful and wasn't caring towards my dog.
Incredibly overrated and overpriced. Egos on wheels. Get over it, you're a food truck with mediocre undersized portions. Deluded hipsters.
Two 16oz coffees = $5.25. Is this Madison or NYC? Whoa.
They saved me by having a 20 year obsolete part still in stock. \n\nThanks for being part hoarders!!\n\nThe service was great too.
So disappointed. Spent 400 dollars on a champagne room and was the worst experience ever.
Lunch today....4 sandwiches for family. Very clean store and friendly folks. Sandwiches are delicious!!! Easy in and out location.
Attended the official closing on new years 2014. sorry to see it go. Even more sorry to  see it become a Dottys.
The tortillas will make up for anything bad you may encounter.  You could put gerbil in one of those things and I'd gobble it up.
So horribly misplaced in this classic casino.  I so hope the new owners make efforts to rip it out and reorganize this whole (large) section of the casino.
Layover?\n\nNo problem.  Enjoy the oversized rocking chairs while partaking in a southern style breakfast of bacon, grits, eggs, biscuits, homefries for under $7.
Smooth ride.  Went to Niagara Falls, winery, and a ginseng place.  Tour guide was a bit rushed in the end but overall professional.
GREAT authentic Mexican food!!  Love the restaurant and always get really great services!!
Ordered food.   Took over 1hr.    Food was cold. Price was ok and so was the food......
Good food, fair prices. And the good news is they will soon be open in the evenings.
Did not offer the lunch menu until I asked for it. No substitutions allowed on items. \n\nI did not stay.
I am really surprised to read that many glorious reviews. The food was mediocre, and their fish was not fresh, to say the least.
Stopped in for coffee & egg McMuffin while car is being serviced nearby. Nice new building.  Good fast service. Coffee & food were what u expect.
Absolutely best sushi in Phoenix. Food is always consistent. Price is very fair. Lunch specials are awesome and fish is always fresh.
Red Rock is the best. Sam the owner is wild and crazy... And the best! Water is 25 cents a gallon. Free sanitizing of containers. Also offers Alkalized water.
Ignored and hung out to dry with no one else in the waiting room. Glad we ended up finding a better emergency care option during late night hours.
A bit pricey. The sushi is standard, nothing mind blowing. The service is great though and if you check in you get free edamame. That's all I've got.
Pretty mediocore sushi at premium prices. While the service was great, I wasn't impressed by the food.
Good meat.  However the  meat counter is always packed and there is no line.  Whoever is pushiest gets taken care of first.  Today  will be my last visit.
There was a wendys. Thats it in my terminal worth mentioning.  Bathroom doors don't lock.
They've failed a food inspection and my once favorite dish was recently ruined with some salmonella. The kimchi fried rice comes with raw egg if that's down your alley.
This store smells. It's always a mess inside.  The parking lot is weird. You're better off going to the valu-world in middleburg heights instead.
Downstairs washrooms at restaurants are like a built in field sobriety test.
food was okay...  but you wont enjoy it, because the people serving it is... naaah, with very bad manners, rude and impolite \n\nwill never go again here... :-(
Racist manager, will never ever. Give my money o somebody who does not welcome you
Come for the popcorn, stay for the attendant-free washrooms. And the chicks are nice...
I'm gay for their Vanilla wafer cookies and cream and cheesecake bites. OMG
Creative food, poor service. \nSpent close to an hour between appetizers and the main entries.
The Hush club has closed as of May 1st 2011. The owner stated the area had got so bad that no one would come there any longer.
Small store with s great collection to look from. The staff was very friendly Ken help me and was a lot of help even gave me a little discount
If you want to experiance the presence of God this is the place. the Holy spirit is tangible here. This is an AWESOME CHURCH
I sure love their corn-dogs! Also ordered the Chicago dog, which was delicious! Service was speedy fast and very efficient. \nNice day to sit outside on their patio.
Not impressed - the water was unfiltered, the food was not authentic or good and the service was not attentive.
Disappointed with the beef and definitely with the roll. The roll was supermarket quality.
I had a similar experience to Karen's from the review below. The conversation was highly unprofessional and rude. I would not recommend Dianne to anyone.
Better than Sapphires. Girls aren't pushy, staff are pleasant, bartenders on point. Vending machine with snacks and porn? Yes please!
Happy Wok lied about having food with vegan options. End of review. I would give zero stars if I could. Stop lying, liars.
SLOW, SLOW, SLOW, SLOW!!!!!  Did l mention the service is Terrible?  So is the food!
Useless fucks dropped my package here after failing to deliver in Markham
Great place. Paul behind the bar offered great service. Awesome sushi.
The best BBQ porks sandwhich ever. Juicy, flarvorful, meaty, smokey. Perfect.
Fabulous new Sushi Bar in Desert Ridge! Oishi So!!
This was horrible. The service was really bad. We didn't have our meal. Ie never came because we left...took over two hours to get appetizer. Horrible.never go
Free Chocolates, Decorated Cacti = 5 Stars.  Period.  I don't care if the chocolate was less than amazing.  It was free, as well.
Just called this place to ask a few menu questions and was instantly hung up on. \n\nWell fuck you too sir! I'll take my party elsewhere!
This place is horrible the pha Thai taste like shit never getting pha Thai from here the Mochi tasted old the stuff is rude never coming back
Love this place. They always have good deals, they are friendly & knowledgeable, and they have a cute pawn shop cat that just hangs out.
the service is terrible. I waited for 2hours. The point is it is really expensive. it does not worth at all. I do not recommend anyone come to here.
At 36; I had never been pregnant. \n\nI walked into his office in April 2010. I had a baby boy January 2011!
I love it. Just what im looking for at  after work some anime cute girls and Ramen
Not what I expected all bad if you want good chicken wings go to Boston pizza
Horrible service. Felt rushed. Gave us a check before we finished eating and before asking if we wanted anything.
Everyone is super friendly and its your typical trader joes!
I love this spot.  This is where I first tried snow cream.  \n\nMy favorite: \nTaro \/ Mochi \/ strawberry \/ captain crunch \/ condensed milk
Great barbecue, great sides and most importantly, great people! Check them out. Fridays are especially tasty, with an incredible smoked salmon! The slaw is the best I have had.
Very average food.  Very unfriendly staff.\n\nBo Luc Lac was overcooked.\n\nShould be called Pho-So-So.....get it?  Because the food is just, so so....\n\nMuahahaha.....
Quite nice and good portion size. The setting was very nice and overall solid but it did not amaze me.
Matthew did a great job of trouble-shooting & correcting an issue with our  solar hot water system.  Thank you!
This place doesn't smell like pee, a.k.a LAX.  If you're not white, make sure you have your papers b\/c Arizona hates illegals.
Awful. Tastes like cardboard and the cheese is entirely lacking even though we ordered 'extra'. I'd prefer a frozen pizza to this place.
First time here. Price for Tuesday matinee is $2. Can't beat that.\n\nFirst thing I noticed about the theater is that it smelled like cat piss. Really foul and domineering.
This place is dirty inside & out,no one cleans, too many transients inside hanging around &bathing  in restrooms & drugs. Awful & dirty.
Short rib tacos\nShort rib tacos\nShort rib tacos\nShort rib tacos\nShort rib tacos\nAMAZEBALLLS!
Another great Postino's in a wonderful venue. Same great food, wine, beer & service. Even has pkg (unlike LGNO)!!! Craig  & Lauren have a great formula!
Never ending construction and bad service. Used to be my favorite place, way to mess it up.
No one wears gloves at all when preparing any food, they touch everything.  Will not\ngo there again, and, it is too small and too noisy
Great prices and great service (Grooming).  I have not used the daycare, but the people here are awesome, so I am sure the daycare \/ boarding is great!
Disappointed there were no gluten free - egg free choices on the very limited brunch menu.  I had a side of fruit.  The cocktails were pretty good, however.
My order must have got messed up. Took forever for a wrap. They don't honor the loyalty card either like Scottsdale location
This is a cool little European restaurant with extremely friendly staff. The service was great and the crepes were finger-licking good. Can't wait to go back!
Finally the state is filing a lawsuit about their solicitation practices!  \n\nhttp:\/\/www.azcentral.com\/community\/tempe\/articles\/2011\/07\/13\/20110713tempe-ac-lawsuit-abrk.html
Not a 5 star hotel, but you definitely get the most bang for your buck. I booked a room for $89. \nPros:\nFree WiFi (high speed)\nFree breakfast\nFriendly staff\nClean rooms\n\nCons:\nDated\/tacky decor
Food, atmosphere, service- who cares. The big question is: Who is that hottie who works there??? Five stars for the dark haired dude!
Mario is an incredible person and an even better appliance repair specialist. I recommend you contact him for all your appliance repair needs!
Now it is called... PEOPLE'S CHICKEN (wtf?) http:\/\/www.yelp.ca\/biz\/peoples-chicken-toronto#hrid:YGZBLotKKLNmdiXZYaBSVQ\/src:self
The slushie you got from the ice cream truck but boozier and $9.
ehh they are pretty bad. they also post way to many weather warnings. it is just a thunderstorm we do not need a repeated warning every five minutes.
Corner Bakery delivers consistently good food at reasonable pricing.  This location is no exception.\n\nMy girl and I had the chicken panini and chopped cafe salad.  Everything was absolutely delicious.
Love the food here, always fresh and well prepared.  Super fast service too, it really does not get any better than this for the Mesa area.
Not fond of this Costco, produce has mold issues.  Service is alright.
Please be nice to the people gambling their pension and social security checks at this silent yet smoky casino. They don't have long to live.
I suppose for now this will be my go-to coffee place when I visit Toronto. For now. The staff is friendly.
The owner is a total ass, he looks at you like are going to steal something out of that crapy store!
Takes them a effin hour after closing to transfer data like its god damn rocket science. Bunch of retards!
I LOVE TJ's selection of fresh flowers, plants and herbs.  Great value and I've been doing amateur arrangements for my home.  Customer service is always excellent here too! :)
This place reeks of gentrification, and most of the employees wear stupid hats, but I will continue to go here because they make the best croissants I've ever tasted.
Great place to watch the Browns lose.
Poor customer service!  Horrible experience.   My friends and I sat down for 10 mins and nobody serve us or acknowledge us.
Loved: decor, outdoor dancing area with HUGE waterfall & nice bouncers \nHated: ghetto people, losers grabbing at us, extremely crowded \nReturn on my next visit? Hell to the no!
$13.00 for this? Seriously? First and last time coming here. Wow. 5 TINY pieces of meat, half a tomato, some lettuce, and 3\/4 of a container of rice.
There were bubbles of soap shining on the tops of my various side dishes so I couldn't even eat my lunch.
Got a rash from this pool. Unbalance chemicals or too much nasty ass pool. Avoid at all cost.
After multiple visits here, I felt inclined to bump it up to 5 stars! Always consistently great subs! Love this place!
Worst drive thru ever. If you're in a time crunch, do not stop here. Their workers are slow and not friendly. I think they hire mostly high school kids.
Perfect, if you love getting home with a pizza that is cold and burnt and pulling a piece off to find hair in it!
Glenn is great I thought he wasn't returning my calls looks like I accidentally saved his number as an unwanted call.
This place is amazing like the other two locations- but the Scottsdale Cornish is special, because it's located in what was two older homes.
Amazing and informative tour. It takes about 2 hours, worth your time & money.
Absolutely the worst hot sour soup greasy, chow main over sauced and cheep noodles pork fried rice horrible! \nI can't believe they got these ratings from other ppl.
Service at the bar sucks! Bartender played on a customer's phone for 15 min while I waited for another beer. Wake up!
here goes the most boring review ever...you ready?\n\n\nIt's Amazing
I'm in love with this place!  WOW!  Accessories, make up, hair....All kinds! hair products, hats, fancy ones and casual hats!  Earrings, head bands, flowers for your hair OHHHH MY!
Yet another set of contacts from this group. STOP CALLING, STOP EMAILING. You must be desperate for clients, IT WILL NOT BE ME.
This place has definitely improved since opening. Employees finally seem to know what is going on. My last visit service was fast friendly... and above all ACCURATE
Carne Asada Torta topped with two fried eggs and sliced avocado. Good lord, what a great and tasty idea. Tried it, loved it, would do it again.
Serve good beer but don't offer a chilled glass? In Arizona? In the dead of summer? Tacky. Will not return.
This place is famous for its award winning margarita pizza. It did not disappoint. We walked in 25min before closing and we still received fantastic service!!!! Great pizza joint
I had diarrhea for six hours.  Ruined my Friday night in Vegas.
I enjoy my Jamba and the Charlotte airport has a lot of nice restaurants but in the end you can't beat a Mango a go go in between flights.
Like I don't love this place enough...they now have punch cards for lunch !! Pretty exciting, especially for lunch regulars like me!
The girls are always sweet and take great care of me. I can always schedule day-of appointments and my eyebrows take no longer than 10 -15 minutes. Great service!
Always a good deal & low, low pressure sales. Gotta love this place.
This airport needs a lot of updating and better friendlier staff. \n\nIt looked like a run down airport and it smelled like feet
This will be short and sweet! Great food and drinks! Great location = next to Scottsdale Gun Club and quick and friendly service.
If I could give a minus star I would; bad service and bad food these people know nothing about the restaurant business.  Just saying!
Love it.....it my home away from home.....I travel to az for the weather .sports and great weather....
Like Whole Foods, but more intimate, and fewer hippie douche employees.  Craft beer selection is decent as well.  Prices seemed reasonable compared to Whole Foods.  Good alternative.
They were over an hour late and didn't tell us when they left, so our pool gate was left open and unattended. Work was fine; customer service wasn't.
They have racist guest staying in their hotel screaming \"you people\" at my mom, my friend and myself through the hallway at 3 am
Takes \"sprawl\" to a whole new level.  By the time we walked all the way to our \"in terminal\" rental car, I had lost 5 pounds.
Very good. Ate outside and was a bit poor atmosphere. But food and service were excellent.
The food did not Rock.\n\nIt wasnt even a taco as the tortilla disintegrated by the time I unwrapped it in my hotel room.  \n\nNot rockin, not a taco.
I don't get it...  Why review the capitol?  Would anyone consult YELP in making a decision to visit?
I have eaten here several times and me and my guest have gotten sick vomiting stomach cramps Beware the hotdogs are harmful as well as the omelets .
Overpriced coffee; I can get better coffee in Little Saigon for 1\/3 of the price =)\n\nTourist trap so beware.
Short and simple\n\nWaited 75 minutes to buy a 16gb memory card because of lazy and under-informed employees.\n\nNext time I'll just go to amazon.com
Great parish a true traditional church I will admit they are a bit liberal about dress but it is the best place in Arizona to attend a traditional mass
You can't trust a company that allows it drivers to use handicap parking spaces when no one is handicapped, because it'll only be five minutes.
Do not come here. This place is ghetto and the food quality is very low. Cleanliness is low, even for chinese restaurant standards. HARD PASS.
Drove 45 minutes to get here only to find the store hours were incorrect and the store closed. Please update your store hours.
ribs lacked flavor, and bbq sauce was basically ketchup that scorched my mouth.
He was professional, timely and competent.  Is truly honest and fair!  I will only use Mario after being screwed by other companies!
Double patties with some cheeze\nWould you like some fries with that? Yes pleaze\nGuilt free, Gluten Free\nTaste like In-N-Out, I'd have to agree\nGot me on a weekly craving spree!
Dear Jenni Pho,\n\nYour Pho is really bad.  Know this.\n\n\nToodles,\nKari
I just ordered lemonade and it cost me $5.50! Are u fucking serious! \n\nNever coming back here again\nLike seriously... Disappointed
Worst massage spa in the city\nunprofessional \ngo to the yorkville location instead,
More 10's than any other club I remember visiting.  I'll be taking my gf there sometime soon :)  Yay!
Awful. Slow. Won't come back. Tomato was not ripe and lettuce was wilted. Bacon taste like it was microwaved three days ago. This place blows.
Came here while I was in Vegas... totally cool... I just got a shot of Jameson... delish!
High end hooters.  You're looking at the next generation of strippers and nightclub cocktail waitresses in Vegas.  I don't mind.
Traveling the day after thanksgiving and it has been a breeze!!!  \n\nGood customer service. Short lines. Friendly people.
If the bathrooms are any indication of how clean the kitchen is, I'd rather volunteer in an Ebola outbreak centre than redeem a coupon for a free meal.
The \"moving sidewalks\" make it efficient to get to your gate quickly through the hustle and bustle. \n\nNot enough time for food between connections, so no comment.
Great Food....\n\nGood Service\n\nExcellent Management\n\nGood Drinks\n\n115 tv's (guesstimate)
Been waiting almost 20 min. Still not ready. It's simple items. They look confused.. hopefully the taste of the food will help me forget this hot mess.. so far.,1
Wrote this review on trip advisor didn't want to write again lol so just sharing my experience at the hotel
It's a circle K. I didn't expect gourmet food. But they do have a nice store with a decent selection. Their gas prices are usually the best in town.
This is a great little bagel shop.  I got the breakfast bagel and really enjoyed it.  They offer great prices, great selection and great service.
Hey bro forgot to to slice the pizza. \nGood thing I had a pizza cutter. \nThe pizza sells itself.\nYou had 1 job. \nLol
Good food (especially the pizza & burgers) , servers & Poker on Saturday nights!!! The owner is are gentlemen and a pleasure if you ever get to meet.
The quest is over, we just found the slowest Mickey D's drive thru in the western civilized world!
Tons of food! If you can't get your money's worth in shrimp and mimosas alone, you have no business going to a buffet PERIOD.
One word: Amazing. \n\nTwo words: See it.\n\nThree words: Definitely worth it.\n\nFour words: Takes your breath away.\n\nFive words: What are you waiting for?
http:\/\/www.post-gazette.com\/pg\/10165\/1065451-147.stm\n\nPublic Transit needs to be nationalized. They can't keep going like this. \n\nPretty soon, it won't pay to catch a bus anymore.
Great place to try out your new bullet proof vest and a warm glass of beer. Shady place beware
Forest Hill quality in Scarlem (I mean Scarborough).....priceless.
Bought a jar of blueberry moonshine!  Wow!  Apparently you're not suppose to pour it into a martini class and drink 2-3....it's 100 proof!!!
I love Costco but the cart return here blows! Yes I am one of those people who always puts my cart back.
This airport is scary.  I've never encountered so many people handing out bibles to people on a layover flight.  I now have no interest in flying back.
My wife just had a Pea Coat tailored by Valentine (owner of Valenti Custom Tailoring). She is thrilled with the fit. Another great job.
CLOSED. One of the best NY pizza places is gone with the wind. Restaurant is closed now.
Came here for the downtown pub crawl.  They wouldn't honor the advertised drink special.  Jason the manager was a huge cockbag about it.  Avoid this place.
You ever heard of someone winning at this casino? Yeah...me neither. \n\nDon't get scammed into this place. Not worth your time. Smells like old people.
Yuk! This is the worst BBQ Resturant I've ever are at. I will not be returning and will advise those I know not to dine here.
If I HAD to blow ridiculous sums of money on table service...I think I would do it here.
Website says closed at 11. We were turned away at 10. It was National Tequila Day...sad times.
$25 each way for a bag...$75 to fly standby...topped off with condescending rude United service!! All aweful! Never flying United again!
Randor is a very helpful custom and wholesale jeweler. Diamonds, Platinum, Gold. Friendly prices. Fast turnaround.
I just wrote a giant review and Yelp deleted it. Sorry Oak but I don't have time to rewrite it.
Best Customer Service ever! Friendly Clean & Really Good selection of Ice cream & treats. Reasonably priced and SO worth stopping in to check it out!
Shrimp Tacos!!!!  Ya, Baby!  Told you I would be here this Tuesday!!!
Dirty and way over priced...  $25 for 50 rounds.  Can't bring your own ammo.
Worthless. One star only because they don't have a ZERO star rating. Absolutely impossible to contact a rep via the phone line.  Horrible Horrible.
Spicy! Great pad Thai and Tom yum with chicken.  Great prices too.
Best Vet office around. We've taken all 4 of our dogs there and they love it so much. Very accommodating, quite professional, and extremely knowledgeable!
Omg this place is soooo fun and they had good food now all i need is some bat man underwear and ill be a kid again lol
Went in to this store today, Sunday morning, half of the workers were wearing Colin Kaepernick jerseys, I guess nike supports hating America. I will never shop here again!
awesome plumbers  good price . cleaned up my bathroom after they were done and left it nicer than it was. thanks guys,
Vic Orlando is a sexy mother fucker!! hes extremely talented. i wish the guy would close this company down and work for me!!
If you love horrible service, watery pasta, and flavorless food, this is the place for you.
Not too impressed unfortunately, I've been here on 2 different occasions and I tried different items as well but frankly I don't see what all the \"hype\" is about.
Patent leather brown flats- check\nWinter green suede wedge- check\nNubuck navy blue ankle boots- check\n\nBuy 2, get the 3rd for $5.  Enough said.
Very good but a tad over priced.  I whole-heartedly recommend the bbq duck fondue and ceviche.  Both were superbly flavored and unlike any I've ever had.
Great place! The staff is friendly, the store is clean and the process in quick. A little pricy but worth it.
I went on Sunday at 2.  The sign says they're open, yet the doors were locked. Dissapointing!
Awful....cheese whiz cafeteria food.\n\nService also took 1\/2 an hour and forgot who we were cause it took to long, spend the money on the Melting Pot.
This is the only movie theater my amazonian ass can sit comfortably in. \nLOVE YOU Cinemark!
Damn good Dim Sum.  \n\nReason enough to give strip mall chinese restaurants an honest shake.\nFinally another Chinese restaurant in the valley worth patronizing.
Last time I was here some asshole in the drive-through called me \"slick Rick\" . So I paid in all change and never went back.
Honest, knowledgeable, great customer service. For any tech problems come here
Been coming to KO's for breakfast and football for 2 years now. Great staff and great food. Couldn't ask for more!
If you're looking for a great place to take your step cousin, look no further!! I love this bar!  Great drinks!!!
He'll no!!  A fucking bug in my drink without my consent (tequila). Negative..... stay away
I can't believe all these people are giving the mall 2 stars!  Keep driving. Unless you need a new wig, I guess.
This restaurant leads all restaurants in visible tattoos in the history of restaurants and visible tattoos
Personally I think it's too clean I like my comic book stores covered in boxes in action figures and piles of awesomeness like rebel base
Messed up our meal three times. Simple orders too. No sweet tea available. Non sense!
I didn't eat here because the cashier took the order of the person behind me first therefore this place sucks
***CLOSED FOR RENOVATIONS***\n\nTo reopen Fall 2011\n\n\n****Edit: Reopen Aug 22nd, 2011 all newly renovated. Looks pretty sleek inside, and out. It's now called People's Chicken:\n\"http:\/\/www.yelp.ca\/biz\/peoples-chicken-toronto\"
Disgusting. Tasted like dog food. Waiter was definitely on something. AND he stunk. Gross. Will never, ever eat there again!
Sigh...high tea and champagne...best service ever.  I felt like a rich housewife...all I needed was a skinny cigarette!  Thank you Bellagio....
Not bad... But not good. I could've gotten better from Olive Garden at half the price.\n\nMy order was wrong after waiting patiently for more than an hour.
Great food, and top-notch service. A members-only social club catering to the arts community. Unpretentious, relaxed and fun.
Terrible service, rude employees, overall dissatisfaction with their \"tailors.\". They desperately need customer service training.
This place is colossally awful. I can't express my annoyance with the owners and their terrible business practices.  Brunch on Sunday ends at 11am. Bc that makes sense.
Great store! they have everything. not name brands, really, but good stuff. can't beat the prices. super store! buy lots of butter and save lots of bread :)
The gardens are very pretty.  However, if you are male and under the age of 65, you will likely be bored senseless after about 10 minutes.
My ass exploded after eating that chicken, but boy it was delicious, top of the line chicken bon apittete
Nick and company crushing it in life, crushing ice cream cones and girls crushing on them. Keep bumping the groovy Turkish tunes and lighting up people's hearts.
Closed....WTF....NOOOOOOooooooooo. What more do we suffer? Circuit City is going out of business....the Great Indoors.....WHAT MORE?!
Best Corned beef sandwich on rye w\/ chips and a slight add of Colman's Mustard....  Fantastic!
Never go to Fletchers unless you have millions in your bank account and willing to waste it. Find a shop elsewhere. Good luck!
Awful service...the owner literally carried a dripping toilet plunger through the dining room...the food was edible but not worth going back for.
$40 Super Bowl party line was very stern are you can you tacos and pizzaunless it was an awesome waitress quick service awesome beer selection
The bearded bartender stole my money when I knew what I'm paying for.  He's an asshole liar.  Won't admit to anything.  Won't go back there
Got there early and had my paper work and documents ready, I was in and out in under 10 minutes and everyone was polite and pleasant!
Friendly, professional and honest. Not the cheapest in the business, but if you're looking for quality these are the guys. I would definitely recommend to my friends & family.
Not a good start, hours clearly state 8 -8, sitting out front at 7:30, clearly not open. Made a special trip here.
the food just keeps getting worse and the other day there was a three hour wait.  never going back.
Bad service attitude for Asian customer from Asian worker. Lot of shift on their face!
Great curry chicken fried rice! The owner lady is really nice and she was quick with the service too. Quick and affordable food stop. Thanks!
Overpriced. Small portions. The kind of joint you leave somewhat hungry, unless you fill up on lots of bread. Not worth a return trip.
Pretty gross, got upstairs to the waiting room and there was a hair in my food. Absolutely disgusting.
This dainty French cottage is not for the unsophisticated or heterosexual male.  Think of it as a Mimi's Cafe for the society ladies.
First time at a McCormick. Not impressed at all. \nTotally blah.. \nHad the halibut and I think it was as memorable as a piece of toast...
Rude Staff.\nOld Planes.\nMultiple maintenance delays.\nBeer choice includes: Beck's, Budweiser & Bud Light.\n\nIf I could give Zero stars, I would.
gotta love my united....most of the time.
Its a dealership.   They are salespeople.  Some are good and personable, some you wouldnt trust with your ugliest sister.
Terrible food. Nasty lady working behind the counter who was insistent on arguing with me when I told her my food didn't look right.\n\nFood is overpriced and disgusting.
Service service service!! This place created the word! Food at amazing prices! Quality food 10 star!
MSG central... need I say more?  Plus the guy who runs the store irritates me... what's his name?  Riiight, Vince.\n\nI do like their Okoy and Palabok.
I agree I checked this place out when i was moving I would not let my worst enemy move in here
AWW HELL NAW.. Yelp only limits me to give this place 5 stars?\n\n1 million star rating for Dunkin Donuts..\n\nPLEASE OPEN SOME UP IN THE BAY AREA!!!!!!
Good friendly service.  Nice clean restaurant. Food is standard PE, so good but nothing special.  Stopped by because teenagers were hungry after afternoon of volunteering.
Solid sports bar. Everyone in the group enjoyed their meal. Service was good and friendly.  Would definitely be back in the future!
I don't mind the bed bugs, I think they help me sleep better knowing I have company, but I really don't like the place. Thin walls and wtf
Very nice lady. Bad haircut, I shaved it off and went bald after I went home. Hot towel and shampoo was pretty good though
For those of us who like good clothing but aren't willing to debase ourselves at Last Chance.
Everyone is super nice but the product was pretty pricy.  Although they accept out of state med card, the prices will scare you into not coming back.
Gabe came out this week to handle an Angie's List request.   There was good communication throughout the process and work was completed quickly & efficiently.
This Arby's is gone. I wonder if the one in Castle Shannon took all its business. Its lack of drive-thru may have been a factor as well.
One of the best, if not the best pad thai in Vegas. The soups are also very good.
It's awesome, lots of douchebags to choose from!  hahaha.\n\nMakes me miss the old school Korean clubs, that was fun.
I'm not trying to be a jerk. I'm just a bit confused why this place is closed on a holiday weekend on Forth of July at Midnight. I think
Don't bother with this business. AWFUL!!!!!!\nRipoff Unprofessional Poor language  Trash mouthed\nOn and on and on......etc etc etc\nBeware if you see an online deal
Incredible Biryani and chicken. Some of the best I've had in the city. \nHighly recommended. \nVery friendly owner too. Excellent overall!
Best breakfast sandwich in Toronto. I recommend the sausage one. \n\nNew favourite breakfast joint. \n\nStop reading. Go here now.
Management and the BOUNCERS are horrible. Won't let you in if you had drinks else where. Door men are RACIST.
yelpには0:00閉店と載っていても、11pmにはラストコールで実質閉店です。\n11:03pmにわざわざ遠くから食べに行っても、マニュアル通りピシャリと閉店です。\n気をつけましょう。\nまたサーバーさんの中には、「いらっしゃいませ」、「ありがとうございました」を言わないで無表情な若い女性が働いているのは残念です。月1食べに行く程度ですが、Mさんという金髪混じりのヘアカラーの女性は、最近見かけます。\nスタンプカードがたまったので、使いたい旨お伝えすると、返事もなく、面倒くさそうに(無言なのでそう見えてしまった) 伝票の処理をしに去り、戻って来たと同時に、カードリーダーを持って来て、支払いを催促。\nまだお財布も出していないのに...\nカナダ在住の方はご存知でしょうが、レストランでお支払いをカードで支払う場合、店の方からから「カードリーダー」を渡されて、暗証番号とチップなどを入力します。\nスタンプカード制度が不満ならやらなきゃいいですね \nお金払っても食べに行きますよ\nただ集める楽しみワクワクがあります。\nラーメンは相変わらず美味しく、個人的に好みですが、スタッフの対応次第で店の雰囲気が変わり、また行きたい店か、もう二度と行きたくない店になるのを実感しました。
U want it fast... you want it now!!!!   come here!
I have stayed in Phoenix only six nights in my life, but all six of those nights I got wasted at Tim Finnegan's.  A+ would recommend.
Nothing good here \n\nBar drinks are low quality with artificial syrups and burgers are undercooked \n\nIt's awful but should appeal to the yinzer crowd
I didn't know where I was. I was looking for coffee. Here you r: coffee and free wifi and table to sit in \n\nGood \nBye
Don't waste your hard earned money. The food is horrible.  Once the novelty wears off this place will go belly up!
Don't even know what the hell I was eating but it was all fantastic am definitely going back
Great service and strong drinks! Visually appealing and just a fun place to hang out. It wasn't super crowded but had a great upbeat feel.
Super good ice cream!\nTry the pistachio! Real Turkish ice cream\nReminded me of my childhood. Hard to find ice cream like this in the US.
We saw rats here running across the floor with a French fry in its mouth. When we told management, they offered us a free milk shake. Barf!!!
Yelp needs to add a circle with a slanted line through it as an alternative to a star rating...
Service and environment was really good. The sushi was great. Really nice pieces of tuna and salmon used. Can't wait to come back!
Jim Nedham is a first-class technician.  Polite, professional and knowledgeable.   Highly recommend!
I've had pathetic repair service experience there in the past and a crappy buying experience.\n\nThey suck and I would never buy or go there for repairs again.\nBunch of azzholes!
Organic?  Yes. \n\nFresh? No. \n\nTasty? Hell no! \n\nOverpriced? you betcha!
My gf found a hair in her ahi tuna salad! Never coming back! Get it together Grassroots!
They did a great job, cleanest my apartments ever been, and a pretty great price.  Definitely will use again.
Great show!! I would say this is nice show. Come with an open mind! The dancing is great!!!
OK, they now get a 4 star review because they're stocking more sugar free Peeps and I can get my annual fix.  They deserve the star!
TIdy Casa did such a great job for me this weekend.  My house smelled so good, I didn't want the kids to come home...wanted it all to myself!
Newest Chinese food corner in the neighbourhood. Good food and price. Honey garlic chicken is nice.
Service dept damaged my truck caused over five thousand dollars of damage.  Liars and no morals.  Stay far, far away.
HAHAHAHAHA Vista Del Sol just sent me a bill for $10.93 for an electric bill 3 years ago.  I think that says enough, plus look at the other reviews.
Super fast, friendly, service very professional
Meh...the Hot Pocket was kinda bland...had to add BBQ sauce to give it flavor...unfortunately was kinda a bust.  Wife's Veggie pocket was kinda bland too.
Yuk.... Unless you find yourself in this part of town and must eat Kosher food...avoid at all costs. Yuk
Decor miserable like a Midwest basement family room.  Fries and patty meld good.  Waiter friendly and creepy.  I liked it better as a toast cafe.
Their Greek salad salad dressing might as well be marketed as lip balm. That salad was swimming in it.
I spent 80 dollars worth of pizza and your gonna tell me you're out of peppers, napkins and cheese? This is ridiculous!!!!
Professional front agent Morgan who explained all the facilities, feel blessed. The location well maintained.
Update: their fries have improved, yummy seasoning and actually crispy. Also, they have one of the best salted caramel shakes in town!
All I can say is that it's the Disneyland of beauty supplies....Or maybe Mall of America....
Dropped to a one star review for shitty business practices and hiring shady bastards at the register.
I wish the delivery guys would stop using my neighborhood like a race track.
Fast, professional, and as enjoyable as someone cutting off your skin can be.
Got the Connecticut. Smaller than what I expected. Tasteful but not worth $17. If I was really craving lobster and this was around, I would eat here again.
Clean, decent location and affordable gas. The cashier was quick and friendly. Small store but has everything a gas station usually sells. Good deals on energy drinks.
A taper cut should be a standard for anyone at a campus salon (or barber shop). It's not. I'd suggest taking your chances elsewhere.
Wax it! Your man will love it.  Trust me, i take my girl there everytime she ask me too, then the fun begins.  Remember less is better.
It's hard not to like the nostalgia of this place but the hostess is rude, the bartenders surely and the food mediocre. There are simply too many other choices.
Nate showed up and did a great job. He was very friendly and thorough.
The manager I spoke with, Josh, was rude and unhelpful, and had terrible customer service. Not what you would expect at target. This guy needs some more training.
I just want to change my rating because I think they deserve 5 stars for their good food and hard work.
Love thier empanadas and the best best best paella ever \nI only come about once a year \nBut the paella is good
Smog check experience: in and out in less than 10 minutes and no dealing with any up sells. Literally $18 out the door.
me like big chill. \n\nice cream make me face hole happy. \n\nyou should make your face hole happy by going to big chill, too.
Great fish and amazing produce, always fresh organic and natural products!!!........ oh wait.. they are now excepting GMO products?...... shit.......... is nothing sacred?
Fast, friendly service in a convenient location. They offer discounts for AAA members too, which is a nice perk! I've been here quite a few times with no problems.
Great food and friendly staff. Sushi chef Ivan was awesome. Sushi size is perfect. Fits in your mouth in one bite.
Great little place to hang, drink beer and watch the dogs make friends! Owners seem really nice and genuinely interested in animal welfare. Like that!
Diya is amazing. A great little place! She was precise and gentle. Finally a great threader in Summerlin.
These were my notes, and honestly, I think it's all you need to know:\n\nDivey student tourist bar. \nOutdoor seating. \nFine well drinks. \nWashroom surprisingly clean. \nGotta love Canadians.
This is a fine example of how someone can build something so unique and spectacular when not shackled by the handcuffs of a corrupt HOA. A definite must see.
I seem to be spending way too much time at this airport lately... It could be worse, it could be DFW...
FALSE advertising!  Went there last night for Fridays 80's night.  The DJ played 80's songs until about midnight only!
Overpriced underwhelmed mediocre at best and slow service that doesn't even seem to care of that they're slow proceed at your own risk
Terrible customer service.\n\nWould not come to this location again.\n\nThe food is bad quality ... Go somewhere else.
This place was not good. Pretty bland it must have been what I ordered. Didn't care for the pizza
I love Recovering Computers by Sparky.  No pressure sales. Great Customer Service.  And professional repair in a timely manner.  Love this family owned biz.
Henderson Justice Court is the hottest court in town.  It has free parking, 1970's bathrooms, terrarium-esque seating, zen bailiffs, and a metal detector. Hot.\n\nHurry up before you miss out!
I love this place, they were great to work with and made my buying process as easy as possible
New Years eve dinner here was outstanding.  Great choices prepared well with fantastic service.
University Pointe also owns other properties! Check out these gorgeous photos!
Ugh!  Spent all day here...good thing I brought a book and a big bottle of water.
Bre's guacamole was the best. Her chicken dance is off the charts. Can't wait to come back. Also try the picante margarita, it was great.
Bye bye Wol Mort with your small meat selection, overpriced foods and rinky dinky feel.
Another gr8 company for used restaurant equipment clean and they guarantee their equipment I WILL BE BACK
1st time here had the Carne Asada Fries the were ok also tried strawberry cheese cake it was eh. Coffe supper strong. Would come back for the food
Great shops!!! Also great service through out!! Plus we saw Steve Nash here way nice!!!
Good food, ungly decor. Good service but staff never smiling. Best Arab and Arméniennes choice in area
Junk persian fake mexican food. Very disapointing. Typical toronto style fraudulent mexican food don't waste your money on this overpriced old-el-paso.
Probably the most sound asleep night club in life. Horrible service and rude employees overcharging us.
It looks cool but the place was full of suburban douchebags and the wait for a lane was over 1.5 hours.  I will not wait to bowl.
Nice to meet some new faces. \nMy bro tony F rocks. \n\nAnd yeah... What other ppl said about food and hoards and such.
Awesome original food, but my lips are on fire after the jalapeño poppers I just popped... Need.. to.. order.. another bourbon & coke...
I loved both my flights to and from Mexico. \n\nThe Flight Attendants have a bit more class than say AA Airlines. \n\nWill fly them again.
They have signs posted telling you that you are only allowed 30 minutes to consume your food and then you must vacate... that seems a bit pushy.
No free ice tea... The waitress was completely clueless about the offer.. wasted my data and battery for checking in..
I have nothing to say about the food however I was served a mule w o a copper mug. Waitress was stuck up and bitchy
hmmm the guy that work up front hates his life but the club pretty fun if you have nothing better to do
The whole establishment was dirty and bouncers where rude. Do not recommend this club to anyone.
Expectations set VERY high and those expectations were not only met, but exceeded!\nTiming\nPresentation\nTaste\nService 5 stars!
Pretty girls.  Pretty awesome beer list.  Pretty awful food.  Pretty awful service.  Pretty low cut shirts and yoga pants.
Found a cock a roach in my bowl of pho and just walked out that was the worse experience ever of my day of eating pho
In form of haiku.\n\nOverpriced sushi.\nIt was less mmm and more meh.\nMy waiter was hot.
Shots were fired in the theater during a showing of '8 Mile'. \n\nEnough said.
Best restaurant in Madison for my money. Really interesting cocktails, really fabulous food. Didn't even burn down after I ate there like Underground Kitchen.
Pleased to report that seller cares about their customer. Have been contacted in a good will attempt to gain a happy customer.  Will report back w updates.
My ex never picked  his dog up ( see last review) so now  Kingsley is my dog and he loves getting groomed like a lion.
It took them over 5 minutes just to heat up a meat pie. Ridiculous. Plus, the pies are nothing to write home about. Disappointing to say the least.
Yes yes baby Jesus so yummy ! Make sure you guys ask for the onions with the chile!! My favorite has to be tripita !
-Friendly, helpful employees.\n\n-Very clean restroom (in the far back of the store).\n\n-Clean wait area with TV.\n\n-Reasonable prices.\n\n-Big store, cleaner than most Pep Boys.\n\n-Cheap oil changes.
This chain is so bad, the other location is the same.  This one doesn't even have cooking table, I will not be returning here at all.
Lost package, no recourse at all since it never made it to the post office.  No help from the people there.  No help from the post office.
Margarita was excellent! I will definitely be requesting her again! Thanks :)
Go late for fried cheese curds.\n\nLeave early before they turn the lights on.
Why couldnt they tell me they werent coming out to look at my project? Huh?
Great Bloody Mary! The food was good...and oversized as usual. \n\nThe service was good, but a little slow at times...
Exceptional professionalism, timeliness, and service.  I could not have asked for a better experience. Thanks for making this such an easy and pleasant experience!
Dan repaired my kitchen desk countertop and some furniture pieces. Everything looks like new. I highly recommend him!
What the hell happened to Ematei?!!?? This used to be THE preeminent authentic Japanese restaurant of Toronto. The sushi was not fresh, kitchen food average at best. 1 star!
No complaints. Pretty standard airport with decent food options and a solid layout. We were in and out with no major issues and staff was courteous.
Very authentic?! There was even a faint resentment towards people without exact change and those who did not speak French.
Service is horrible!!!!! Lady chelsea was rude made no eye contact! Never helped us!! How insuting! 2 stars only bcuz of her!
I have had excellent food here three times.  Service is always very good.  I love sitting outside to people watch, but inside is cozy.
Well I was happy to eat amala ati egusi iyan naa fele dada aaa ,matin pada laipeee
A dump of the highest level. It gives dive bar a step up. The bathroom is so dirty it makes me feel like I need shots after being there.
Maya Day and Nightclub might be the worst concept ever.  How can you be a \"beach club\" with a pool and not allow sandals at night?  Riddle me that...
Terrible drinks and mediocre food. Was not impressed at all!  It was pretty empty too so I must not be the only one with this opinion.
Meh says it all.  Good salsa & chips, shitty tacos.  I'll give it three stars for hearing my wife say that she \"ate a pink taco\".\n\nSigh, if only....
This is my favorite nail place! Great pedi's & nails! Fun place! Everyone is so friendly! Mai does great work as does Kara! Actually everyone is great!
To me, it's just fast food. Nothing delicate, disappointed. The food amount is so little and nothing tasty. Not enjoyable.
Nice place to grab some raw, dead fish.
Horrible service..... hair in my dishes... mopping floor while I'm eating... Horrible manager.... worst experience ever....  never go back ever again...
Jason the bartender is an asshat. I do not go to gay bars for rude straight men, I see this enough for free.\nTommy, now, is the bomb!
Druken Noodles, Crispy beef, dim sum around $80 Large portions\nMy wife and I had just a fantastic dinner here.\n\nRemember...Drunken Noodles!
Excellent food!  Great service!  Fantastic portions! Fair prices!  We will be back for another casual meal!  Thank you!
Great food, clean, nice atmosphere, good variety of food, good customer service , nice to be able to make your own meal
Portion size was comical. I paid $21 for four pieces of ravioli. Strange.\n\nThe atmosphere was nice. My boy had the meatball entrée and was satisfied.
Cheap blackjack tables!!! Finally found a $3 table!! Great for beginners and jews! ( I'm jewish, I'm allowed to joke =))
Good spot. Only con is that theres always these people outside Walgreens trying to sell you drugs
Malik is an excellent in class teacher and get Abdul as your car instructor! Amb is your best choice. Just got my g2 easy :)
Some of the better BBQ I've had in Toronto. Great for delivery. Good stuff!
I've already used them twice for traffic matters, and I just referred someone. They produced fantastic results, even in a last-minute crunch.
These guys were awesome, courteous, clean, professional and VERY effective. You can't go wrong with them!!
They actually clean the workspaces after they're done with the customer.
Overall great experience. Got the oil changed. Service was friendly pricing was better than expected and no more than what was quoted. I would recommend them to anyone.
Really bad service. Staff thought it was more appropriate to sit down, relax and tell jokes than to actually pay attention to the guests.
Worst Thai food in Vegas!!! And worst customer service!!! And beware they were closed down by the health department!!!
Service was good, small variety of suchi and selections. The atmosphere was good.. Nothing was especial, wont repeat my experience there!
Given its location- this is your cultural Depanneur. You can get all your emergency groceries at this store especially spices! But with the convenience comes a high price tag!
This is the ONLY one American restaurant I'd like to go every week! \n\nGrilled chicken wrap\n+\n12pcs wings garlic sauce\n=\nperfect Friday lunch\n\nor\n\n+\n1 cocktail\n= \nperfect weekend meal
Don't shop here A disgusting place trying to gouge Calgary flood victims by n creating prices THIS PLACE SHOULD BE SHUT DOWN
LOL, the new place for \"People Of Walmart\". It's a larger, cleaner version of Food City. Some strange characters shop there. Affordable though. Bag your own stuff.
What's not to like? Other than the prices maybe. \n\nLakeside, features a show, strong drinks, attentive bussers, & is very romantic.\n\nGood during day or night.
Nothing like dropping your car off at 2PM for brakes and tires and picking it up at 5PM! ......the next day.
Amazing products at amazing prices, with the most entertaining and courteous salespeople.   Their products changed my life -  I love this store!!
This is a rating for the united terminal\nCan you say sh?t hole on yelp?\n\nDumpy terminal\nBad food Options\nDirty, dated and needs updating\n\nPhoenix you're better than this
Gastro issues is right.  I paid dearly the next day.  And the wait staff has definite attitude issues.  Do not recommend.
a quality caring store, now under attack (one star ratings game) from animal rights loonies.
The old lady at the checkout is extremely RUDE! The manager is ever more RUDE! Stay away from this store at all costs!
If the lighting was better perhaps our guide would have seen we had the gear clue to the murder mystery was upside down
Still haven't taken my dog back there. I heard Guantanamo had nicer staff.
Good is awful, they over cook eggs, breads are not toasted well, potatoes are hard and not cooked with pepper and onions at all. Awful awful
The groomer k she is miserable she treated me like I was a kid and she stink of smoke,yes because of her we r not coming back.
always hits the spot\nand it is totally worth \nthe diarrhea
Newspaper said business closed on June 24th and one of the Lawrenceville delis will be moving in to take it's place.
Phenomenal food and great drinks. I've always gotten great service and it truly has the feel of Ireland. Not like some of these posers out there.
So good.  So. fvcking. good.  \n\nDo yourself a favor and get some carne asada here.
They do not have a key cutting shop, very deceptive as they provide an address, the address they gave is the store owners \"base\".
They never showed up for cleaning despite makindg the appointment days before. No calls to explain or apologize.
Worst service ever. Long lines and workers who look at you like you just killed their dog and now they have to help you.
Love the donuts!  Light and crispy...  The staff was so friendly.  And Thai Ice Tea  ice blended was pretty good, but I can taste the powder.
Three words: Heated bathroom floor--Even passed out drunk on the tile they hit you with the luxury wand.\n\nSoho Met rocks the mic right.
Came here! great delicious Food\/ burritos! Very Clean atmosphere, great for a date, or eat Alone. Enjoy
It has been 7 months since my breast augmentation and still couldn't be happier ! They have completely dropped and look amazing !
What the truck, chuck? \n\nel servicio - no bueno\nla comida - no me gusta\nla decoracion - una estrella\nla margarita - una estrella
Love coming here drunk or sober. Every year for my birthday I force someone to play Buck Hunt with me. Fun place to kill some time and quarters.
Great place. Graveyard bartender vince is cool.  Gotta try the chocolate whipcream shots. Awesome
Wow what a great product ! I've had golfers recognize me from the ad and hired me as their realtor.
Beautiful. I love the fire pits and the flow. Great job guys. I can't recimmend theae guys enough.
The worst music I've ever heard at a strip club!!! a better name for this club would \nbe \"peeping toms\"  low energy club, shitty SHITTY Music!
A place that is run by & geared toward teens. If all you need is a  decent fade, then alright. Otherwise, go elsewhere for a more professional experience.
Cancelled on us twice with no service recovery.  I've never been so disappointed in my life.
Thank you for our beautiful family holiday pictures and the quick turnaround Tiff! I am just in love.
Ok Wendy's. Service is fast and the salads taste fresh and are pretty big for the price. The spicy chicken sandwich is my favorite my non-diet item.
98 dudes VS 2 hookers. The pole dancers were having fun and entertaining. Seriously, it's a sausage fest and way too frickin' loud.
Not much to say, this is your quintessential college pub, but huge.\n\nThree Levels of pubby goodness. \n\nHUGE PATIO.\n\nExpect lines and seeing girls throw up.
This Walmart cannot be reviewed.  It cannot be explained, it must be experienced in order to believe how filthy, unorganized and miserable of a place it is.
Ummmmm, ...\n\nHoly.\n\nCrap.\n\nThis Sunday champagne buffet was super tasty.\n\nIf I wanted to weigh 500lbs, I'd totally eat here everyday.\nFor now, I shall just go on Sundays.\n\nLoveddddd it!
Beautiful place, Fun challenges, chill amenities\n\nLots of great outdoor activities\n\nThat water system seems awesome, but is currently closed down
I came back to the valley and rediscovered my favorite Mexican take out place. The breakfast burritos are still excellent.
Kia Carma and Deron Kellar all day!
Coffee.. Donuts... Bagels... Fairly Clean... Fairly quick service...  Largest one in the entertainment district.
I don't fly United often however my flights have been on time and they have good flight schedules.
OK. Very difficult to find a great stylist in Young and Eg area. They charge big city prices for reasonable haircuts.
It is a townie bar.  However, they have photo hunt machines and they are loaded with Erotic Photo Hunt!  Nuff said- at least for me!
Great place, great sushi, great service, and great hang out spot. Open till late!!! Ordered soft shell crab roll, yellow tail sashimi and crunchy roll, everything was do fresh!
I truly enjoyed working with this team.  Honest, helpful, and above all human.  Special thanks to Jose on the Internet sales team.
Joe Jr. at Yorkdale Mall - He just knows men's hair. I've tried others, but he is my Brokeback Mountain - I just can't quit him!
Terrible service. Rude manager. Do not go to this place. Disgusting.
Just check in the Vintage room with Queen bed, and it looks depressing. \n\nDamn Priceline.com hidden gem 3 star hotel.
I've never before had a burger and fries that I've had to excuse myself from the table and go to the bathroom to clean myself off after the foodgasm.
Tried to day drink here. Walked in and walked right out! Smells like feet and 100% empty! Trashy.
This place flat out sucks ass\nValet guy went threw my shit\nThe girls are average at best\nAnd it's in the ghetto.
Dr Julie she is very crazy I don't want go to her office .because she treat   patients so bad
Lovely! Great Jazz band.  Yummy pancakes,  The Patio is nice to enjoy the day and the food.
Been here many times but has always been disappointing. Of late the quality is becoming worse. They are just well situated near Intel, home of mini India
Not so good. Windows fixed but my lock doesnt work like it did before\n\nYou asked for my review and its not good enough...yelp sux too
These guys are the worst. Stsy away. Dispatcher is rude beyond belief.
Great service, lots of TVs for the games, great pours!\n\nComfy seats.\n\nTo Brandon & all the staff there Thurs., Fri., & Sat., thanks for making me feel welcome.
Girls were hot af, got to suck on some titties...popcorn was delish. i'd say I got my money's worth for sure. Will definitely return.
Went there recently with friends for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed the experience especially the food & drinks. Will definitely go back again.
Ugh
Below average customer service. The kiosks are convenient as they dispense all types of postal stamps. There's also a drive through drop off.
Cost extremly high, 3 doctor 3 different story for the same dog. Horrible!!!! Never go!!!!!!!!!! If u love your pet!
Excellent customer service.\nRapid response.\nTechnician was very professional and personal. \nHighly recommend this institution. \nOne call,refrigerator fixed with in hours same-day.
This is a motherfucker falafel definitely the best falafels I ever tried in my life \nI finished 2 pitas in 5 min \nRecommend recommend
I don't understand all the negative comments. I ordered my breast pump online with no fuss and got it 2 days after placing the order online! Prompt great service!
A haiku (ish):\n\nWe came here for dancing.\nThe floor was sticky.\nDJ played Cardi.
Really?! $3 for a day old cupcake?  No thanks- you are better off with a Zinger (the sophisticated Twinkie)!
This place is an abomination. Absolutely deplorable food. All meat items had stale taste to it and to make things worse everything was lukewarm.\nAvoid this place like the plague!
This is a wonderful archaeological park! A little noisy outside as it's near the freeway but very informative and worth the very reasonable admission charge.
This post office is very good. They are always very nice. It's also pretty convenient
Don't fall for the old quarter super glued to the floor trick!  They got me and had a good laugh.  Good service though.  I'd recommend.
Very friendly staff.  Nice ambiance.  But 5.50 for a beer?  Come on.  That's just ridiculous.  Won't be back.  It's not about money....it's about Principle, baby!
I needed a cane for a surgery I had on my knee. Oh I scored one alright...if you untwist it...it unsheathes into a sword! 007 Bond status!
Meilleur place pour essayer différents food truck \nDe tous genre Tartare Burger Taco Schnitzel Bacon\nPoutine Végétarien Fromage Grilled cheese Canard \nEt plus encore
ALWAYS the most perfect, delicious, quality, innovative sliders. it's a wonderful community experience that everyone walks away giddy from.
This is a beautiful store. Its huge and spacious. The workers are friendly and helpful. You can't go wrong with cute, nerdy boys who help you fix things! :]
Cheap eats just minutes from the strip. :)
Great service attentive doc. Very thorough and kind. Would recommend to family and friends
They canceled a hentai showing event. No me gusta!! Don't allow that to happen again.
Absolutely disgusting establishment thinking they can gouge Calgarians in need during a time of crisis. Boycott this store, don't give them your money.
yea accidently ended up here, hey look it's a mall with no shops.
No.\n\nNot good, even when it's free.\n\n:P
Food was good but watched two tables come after us and eat before us as our ticket \"was lost.\"  Go somewhere else; service sucks.
Good auto parts spot near downtown Chandler. Mechanics are friendly and honest. Prices are also affordable. The store has all the items you'd expect from an auto parts store.
Great food and a family atmosphere makes this a great place to watch a game on the weekends. Love this place!
This place stole my fiance. \n\n....At least when he is missing I know where to find him! \n(and he brings me home their awesome chicken wings) \nhahaha
Still don't know what Canadian comfort food means. \n\nThe grilled octopus was great! Do octopuses live this far north? Where do they import them from?
It's ok. Nothing special. Slow, spotty service. The food is 3-Star. The service, 2-Star. The price 1-Star. The price alone will haunt you.
GREAT BBQ!!! Really love the pulled pork sandwhich!!! YUMMY!!!
Great quiet community.  The leasing staff is very courteous and helpful anytime I need assistance.  Estafania is always willing to assist with any questions or concerns I may have.
Phong did a perfect gel nail job. Everyone here friendly and professional. Will definitely return.
Costco,\n\nWhy so stingy with the boxes? We only spent $15k here last year.\n\nSo, please...can you box all my (box-able) items?
They're overpriced for a food thats not even that good. Overall, food is just average. There's no wow factor. Place is well decorated and service is pretty fast.
The most expensive iphone repair dealer.. I had a iphone 5 with a broken screen and they wanted to charge me $415 for them to replace..  Stay away
This dream turned into a nightmare, I see why they had so many bad reviews. Now they also have my $150. It's shameful
Beautiful family friendly park in Summerlin. \nThey have a fabulous farmers market in Thursday's. \nGreat place to go for a walk or picnic\nLots of kids activities.
The service was terrible. The food took forever and staff was rude about it. Would never go back again.
Came here for an early birthday lunch with my husband. The food is great. Everything was fresh. Herbal Lemonade is on point.
Please tell Candace not to give customers their check prior to asking for it. Thanks for cutting my night short.
Disgusting food, went in everything was super stale. You might as well microwave frozen pizza. \n\nOver priced for garbage
Nice location located inside Safeway. Staff is friendly and are fast. Teas and black coffee are my go to.
This place is not a gaming bar. It's more of a waiting room or a stall while you wait for a Chimichanga from Roberto's.
feel like grabbing a chicken Cesar for $300? how about 2 salads for $550? Go here to blow your last paycheck on lettuce.
We were headed here for a weeknight fro yo to celebrate my birthday...However, there's a sign on the door thanking customers for their business.  They have closed their doors!
I love it here. Just renewed lease. I've lived in some crappy communities this is NOT one of them. Quiet great location plenty of parking friendly leasing.
Best place to take your Car , no BS  and honest. Hard to find auto repair shop that won't rip you off. See Shlomi straight shooter.
When I'm hungry for Italian...\n\n... I see the Martorano's billboard and lose my appetite.
I came here after a bad experience at a previous school (Gold Medal Swim School). My attitude about swim schools has totally changed. This place is great! Thank you!!
I love this place! Yumminess, quick, and cheap! Awesome roasted pork belly and tofu with sauce! Downside cash only folks!
Had clam chowder. Complained about lack of clams. Waiter told me is canned.  I was astounded . $6.49 for a bowl of canned soup. Ridiculous.  NEVER again.
I would highly recommend Superb Maids to friends & family - their customer service is incredible & the prices are fair especially for the level of quality!
Not allowed to smile in passport pics.  Hard not to smile at this place though.
Just based on \" Jim's\"  sarcastic attitude and desire not to seriously address concerns about his business and customer complaints...yet another reason to STAY AWAY!
seriously? this place sums up what is wrong with pittsburgh. this place and diesel.
Perfect little hidden park where you or your family can enjoy themselves playing, bbqing, or just relaxing. Only setback is there are no bathrooms.
Awesome equipment. And Chris the owner is awesome! This is a great gym whether you live in Las Vegas, or are just visiting. Especially if you're serious about fitness.
Yes, a third update-- I'm a creature of habit. Cibo's Rustica pizza (requested extra crispy) and pesto salad have a spot in my wildest dreams.
Who the fuck closes at 4:30pm?  So much for getting off work early to rent a truck.\nWhen i got transferred to reservation hotline, they couldn't help either.\n#customerservicenightmare\n# overpriced
Really amazing pies. I am always impressed by the variety. The people here are super nice also. They are very accommodating.
I used to think Fridays was the bomb.\n\nNot so much anymore.\n\nOnly thing worth a darn on the menu is the Jack Dan. stuff...which is getting real old.
I love this place... What do they put in this FOOD!!! Lol lovvveeeeeeee I'm goin back 2morrow
Food is VERY good! Singapore noodles are a favorite - but they have a habit of getting orders for delivery & takeout wrong.. so check your order!
Sunday pool party is nice at the Palms pool. Good music, sun tan and no hassle with over crowded meat heads and stiletto heels in my way....
Beautiful decor, very friendly staff. Love this place - got an amazing hydrafacial for an amazing price. Was in heaven. Two thumbs up for this place.
Place is disgusting...I make better burgers at home and the fries are disgustingly disgusting.  This place won't last if people know what good food is.
Ugly dusty musty crusty place I will never go to ever again but she did my eyebrows good tho but still
Good food... good atmosphere... and, according to my male co-workers, the Diane Lane look-alike waitress is the best part of the restuarant!
As these people refuse to take any new clients, what is the point of having them I here?
It's usually packed, with line ups starting two doors down outside. But if you like smoked meat, it's worth the wait.
I put this picture gilbert house restaurant facebook and they just block me. I' sure they block other people too if someone write truth.
Small fine prints so be careful...  1000.00 credit card deposit mandatory..  no cash allowed!.    Wasted 2 hours of my time
Six months later, I am still disgusted.  I won't eat scallops.  Thank you Biltmore for ruining a crustacean species for me.
Not my first visit to this style of food but my friends and I got food poisoning.. loved it.
Garage sale junk at retail prices. Employees have been rude everytime I've gone in here.
Be careful at this place. Dancers try to rip you off!! Not a good experience when you end up arguing with the staff.
I recommend the Ham & Cheese.  It cures the munchies.  That's it.
This is a great place if you want to order 10 slivers of fish for $30, and then go to McDonalds.
From loaves of bread to chocolate covered donoughts to chips and pretzels this place has something tasty at closeout pricing.
Amazing and awesome pizza. Love being able to pick any toppings. Definitely will b going back a lot!! Had whole wheat crust and it was sooo good!
Had a great experience! Had a brow waxing and haircut.  Got an appointment the same day.  Mary was very nice and I got a great look!
Not open during posted business hours. Closed at 12:30 pm on a Saturday. Hours say until \"2ish\"
The eggs benedict was the best ever, definitely coming back again. The service was quick and the girls were so polite. Prices are really good too.
New packaged deal:\n\nNight Owl Deal:\nFrom 2am - 10am, it's just $10.00\nThat's 8 hours for ONLY $10!!
\"We've run out of ribeyes, sorry\".  Really, are you kidding me!  I wish i was a food critic...hold on, I am.  No excuse for running out.
Great Southern-American-style food and amazing service! The prime rib burger is one of my favourites and do not hesitate to order the pulled pork rolls! All delicious!
If I could give negative stars I would.food was not fit for human consumption.super gross.fried chicken tasted sour .hope I don't get sick.save your money!
Very great staff, clean gym, doesn't get to crowded, speaking from a young adult, the community in the gym is very friendly, highly recommended. Price is reasonable
Their shrimp walnut full size is 7 pieces of shrimp. Server was a bro and warned me about it beforehand. Now I'm passing it on.
This can be a UW student's Ikea and Barnes & Noble.  That pretty much sums it up.
$0.50 cent hot dogs.  A girl can't complain.
Great donuts. Very creative concepts and very good. I've been known to eat 4 donuts at a time because they are that good.
The dental hygienists were actually pretty good and thorough when I went. The bitch at the front desk is pretty rude tho
Dear Carl A...the traditional Philly Cheese Steak comes with CHEEZ WHIZ, so they did it correctly.
Very friendly staff.  They were even helpful to the boyfriend about his Rolex questions, while he was perusing with his tall can of Coors Light. Classy!
really really cold bibimbap.\n\nsuper-ketchupy super-weak-ass chili sauce.
I think I pumped my fist off. If found, please return.
Horrible food restroom smell like shit and employees were rude not asking if I need help this place sucks
Horrible! don't waste your time and money! on top of that they failed their AZ state boards WHILE I was there! Yikes :\/
Excellent food & service ~ ordered the bisque (divine!) chicken Cesar salad & the brio pasta with caramel marscapone cheesecake for dessert YUM!! \nLoved everything
Horrible pushy sales staff.  Very insistent and condescending.  Prices are exorbitant.
Woohoo! As good as it gets!\nprettt pretttyyyy\n\n\n\nBecky central.\nShiny car mecca.\nFind everything you want, all the while feasting on some eye dessert.\n\nDon't forget to dress nicely.\n\nR\\_
Management sucked. Food was good. But if there is a problem don't complain because they won't help you.
Awesome food. Good service. I highly recommend the breakfast burrito.
Good burger, short ribs where just warm (not hot).  Server never offered us water service.
Excellent Margaritas! Had fun here visiting my cousin, Food and salsa were good, guitarist and fire added to the fun!
Should be re-named Ghetto Works. Prepare to stand in line all day with hood rats and trailer trash. \n\nProbably was great back in the day but not anymore..
Clay pot not all I was expecting. But it's worth to try it this place at least once. It's more like russian food such as borscht..
ooooooooooooooooo what a dump :) but when you are going to watch Xtreme Midget Wrestling what else was I expecting.
Best bartender you'll find anywhere - he's my brother!
Im from cali and this stuff they call thai food sucks!
Let me just keep it simple. Popo's should be named poopoo's.\nThe only people that could possibly enjoy this food is someone very intoxicated.
So full.  So happy.  Amazing wholesome real food. Your chicken shwarma kept my boyfriend from blabbering on about being fed. Thank you.
For it being a complete ghost town with no customers there the wait was absolutely horrendous, the one star is for the car wash
I entered the place one afternoon.  The people working there were so f**king rude, that I had to leave!
When I ordered a sausage biscuit and got only the biscuit. It was 6am my order wasn't huge two items and they want $15.00 per hour lol
Its pretty ghetto here. It would be alot better if they would remodel the ENTIRE circus circus to have a newer updated look.
Disappointed! I came in 20 minutes prior to get table for 28. Manager refused to prep an area until all of the party was here.
http:\/\/www.oatmealforabuck.com\/em.html\n\nOatmeal for a buck. With fruit and some sorta heavenly crumbles.\n\nA BUCK. Warm, Tasty, Cheap & Healthy.
Got my ninja 300 from here had a great experience nice people good salesman they did everything I asked with no hassle I recommend them highly
Seriously? Shut up. This place blows. Wouldn't last 4 minutes in NY. I'll bet the Vegas store doesn't last either.  This place insults the pizza.
Always fresh veggies and fruits:) customer service could be so much better, you can find almost anything here, the cashiers are super fast :)
tastes like the honey pig in LA.\nit's really busy and the kbbq was nothing special.\nI wish the fried rice was less soggy and more crispy.
Don't you hate it when you accidentally hit the jalapeño cheese pump like 5 times too many on your fries?...........ya, me neither.  \n\nNot much wrong with this place.
Came here on a Tuesday for the oysters. The oysters were not fresh. I guess that's why they are a dollar.
Too slow !!!!!!!!\nForgetful !\nFood is so so.\nDon't go there wast your time and money.
A Review In Haiku: El Dorado Cantina. \n\nWhere else in Vegas | \nCan you get organic guac | \nNext door to tacos?
Great service. Good food and I recommend this place to everyone. Check it out. The place is not difficult to spot from the street. Great selection of drinks too.
Enjoyed my evening, game, screaming, food, drinks, plus Coyotes WON!!!!!! Very entertaining place, and souvenirs are not too expensive!
Food is ok.  Drinks were ok.  But come on, 8 and 9 pm closes?  That's fine, but remove Bar from your name.
Returned on 4\/16\/2018. Friendly staff. Quick service and the coney island hot dogs are the best you'll find around\n I will return the next time I am in Vegas
Seasoned well, but dry.  Take a kabob, go to Pita Jungle and drown it in tahini and taziki.  Now that's good inter-restaurant ideating.
This is just a review for their photos!  whooot!  the one where all the guns are hanging out in front of the truck.... my gracious.
Burrito Boyz\n\nWell worth the wait and money they are huge its a must try if your in Mississauga (Port Credit)\nVery clean and fresh veg.
Good service, nice selection of beer, fun vibe.  I've been here twice and the food is just alright.
This place service is awful.The food is spicy with everything, it does not have any food items for diabetes or for heart.Food was \nawful
Awesome service! And very attentive. We've done battery change for watches and jewelry cleaning. Shoutout to Marcus!! He's awesome!!
Good food but DON'T hire them to cater an event. They have no idea what they're doing. Terrible.
Quick shitty pizza found in malls and airports.. though big slices and decent prices.
Gross and deep fried. Some items were standard at best. The chicken skewer was shocking (see photo).
Had lunch today. I tried their fish and chips. I'm a fan!
People said this is the best burgers in Vegas, so here we are. After we try them, i agree with them, I love their burgers, must try!
Really good sushi.. my recommendations are the I love roll....sexy time..and yellow yellow... head up they don't do half rolls.
Obsessed. Like, I've-got-the-Twangy-Tart-withdrawal-shakes level of addiction to this place. Please make one in Arcadia! Pleeeaaassse.
My mother, sister and niece got so sick yesterday 9\/26\/14.\nThrowing up and diarrhea ALL NIGHT!
Who do I have to fellate to get customer service here?  Horrible service.
The band is on fire tonight! Oh and so are the sweet potato fries with chilli mayo! Delish!\n\nService could be better...but thank God for alcohol!
It's a dive and the bartender was super rude. Have been there twice and just can't go there again, it's dirty and smells funny
It always smells like...a across between mesquite smoke and rotten fish balls in this place!
Buttters never disappoints!! Their food is amazing. They also have fantastic gluten free pancakes and waffles!
First of all. Zero pretty girls. Second. The individuals that own this establishment are incredibly rude. Lastly, it's only open until two. NOT THREE.
Been going to this guy for awhile. Super nice, works and efficient. With a good price point as well!
Typical Walmart or Wally World! Everything in it's in place and a decent variety of things. I do think this could be kept up a little better.
not worth the time and money.....only slightly better than mcdonalds one dollar ice cream, but they charge for 6
This gelato tastes so good I thought there was an Umpa-Lumpa in the back making it.  \n\nAs they say in Lumpa Land... Yum yummy
Best breakfast food ever.\n\nOmelets , panacakes, there were 4 of us and we couldnt even get up to leave.
Decent prices,Decent rooms,boo-shzee ass white folks.The End
My car was taken care of really quickly with minimal wait time. Schlomi helped me save $60 and offered me a discounted price on my next service.
Sanitary score too low.... Crime Scene Tape on the front porch
BEST GIMMICK EVER!\n\nThe bar is tiny. The drink is ok. \n\n$25 allows you to experience what it is like inside a freezer.
5 stars, not for being the Taj Majal of motels, but for being one of the the best values in town.
While in LV recently I checked this place out, same old same old.  LOL, guess vegas is loaded, with suckers!
I went to meet our new CM, Lindsey, a couple months ago.  I won't be going back.  I loved seeing fellow Yelpers, though!  The food was a solid \"meh.\"
Just don't have this girl Bee or B cut your hair.  She is inexperienced.  I feel like hitting her for messing up my hair.
The freshest sushi in NEO.  Also got the Brenner burger which pretty much changed my life.  \n\nHighly recommend to anyone who loves sushi or burgers or BOTH!!!
Great food, glacial service, staff appear to be uniformly and philosophically opposed to washing their hair.
It doesn't get better than this!\nCeasar salad and chicken parmisian spaghetti, WOW. Happy Birthday to me!
Awful place, the seating is awful.Transients hang out there constantly all the time & sleep outside on patio tables.  It is awful.
Humongous omelettes. Very great service. Clean and cute decor. Try the Mexicana omelette, the green chili salsa adds a nice kick!
Fucking suckEd.   Very expensive and girls are shit.   Avoid like the noid
the salon is great....very nice customer service, good value...I would recommend to friends
way overrated! bathroom in the kitchen, gross!  know what you're eating!  how much was the oj again?
$217 in taxes and fees, $100 deposit and $80 cleaning and I can't get a clean set of towels on a $207 booking?!? Go Fuck Yourself Airpads!!!
Always a must have when I'm in Arizona. I love the kiltlifter. Their other beers are pretty good as well but the kiltlifter keeps me coming back.
Great service and prices are reasonable.\n\nDoners are authentic. \n\nThey have a few German beers on tap.
Needed pool table moved. Kevin was on time ,quick and really nice to work with. Would recommended  to anyone who needs their table moved
It was aight. It's 10 o clock and this bar got three tvs tuned to channel 14 news. Why am I watching weather on the ones
This place is not good. At least the day pass wasn't too expensive.  The gym feels dirty.  I wouldn't waste my time here at all.
This is one of the most  lowlife high-pressure sales establishment I experienced in many years.
\"Arribas: At least you won't die.\"\n\nBland food\/ Large quantities\/ Cheap prices. Go here if you plan on throwing up sometime soon, or if you are a glutton for punishment.
Buffet was half empty all the time. People were racing for the naan.\nNo entree tasted good.\nIn short other than naan, nothing good to eat here.\nVery displeased.
Everything I expected and more. My hot dog was huge and kept me full for hours. The food was done quick and I love the outside patio.
I just watched a video of your spa students getting drunk in the back of the school...
not too authentic as the last reviewers stated. i'd like to know if they've ever really been to Ireland.....
The red velvet cupcakes are out of this world!! Cant wait to try the german chocolate cupcakes my next visit! Im hooked !!
Mullets, missing teeth, sweatpants, skanky peeps, greasy junk, overpriced everything.......and I lined up for this?????\n\nWhat a dump......never returning again.
No Buena ! \nRice was okay and chips were okay.\nI won't be returning \nMade me sick all night  ;(
Everytime I walk in they think I'm shop-lifting...\nThat or it's because I'm some white artsy kid.\nThat's probably it.\nUhhgh I'm sooooo judged.\nAngst angst angst.
I ordered pho, the meat tasted like it wasnt cooked. I told the waiter and he replied: \"you shouldn't ordered that\". Worst pho ever!!!
8:56 PM. You can make me a smoothie in 3 freaking minutes. They deliberately hid as I walked up. I saw you bro.
Very good. We came here tried Tuna Tar Tar. Awesome. Also the Spicy Mexican Roll and Firestarter. Nice and clean. Everyone is friendly. I will come back
Great quality for a great price. Can't be beat! Keeps me coming back and preferring you guys over a resort spa.
Was great.\n\nNow CLOSED.\nHas become: Gia Visto, which is also very good.
Ordered the poke bowl. It was pretty plain, bland and boring. Salmon serving size was laughable. For $15 you get way better poke around the corner at Poke Eats
So good. Fast, fresh, and larger than the competition's. Please open a location at Norterra on I-17 and happy valley!!!
Though good accommodations, I had a very dishonest experience here that makes me unlikely to stay here again and thank god there's plenty of other options in Vegas.
I love coming here with friends! So much fun & the drinks are good. :)
I have no love for this place severely over priced.   Food was salty steak was undercooked and served cold sorry Andres gotta work on your concept buddy
The reviews are all correct. The food is hideous.\nWalk across the street and get a slightly better buffet for $13.
Would recommend these guys in a second! Wade had my door working flawlessly when he left. I have told all my friends and family about them.
Chicken pot pie not as big as before. Burgers pretty good. Not bad for a hotel coffee shop.
Found employees to be extremely rude.  Go here if you want to be demoralized.
Love the new location...same GREAT mexican food, same GREAT service. Have been disappointed with the food at either FH locations.
Customer walks into sushi place\n\"Sorry, we have no rice today\"\nCustomer leaves sushi place, never to return
This is for the McDs inside the Palms Food Lobby. 50 Chicken Nuggets for 10 dollars. That's all you need to know. Six Stars.
Great place for fresh crisp breakfast.  Excellent service.  Had the protein pancakes which are tasty and filling.
Best Law Firm in Arizona.  Could not have been more impressed with the result and the discount fee helped me get a higher settlement!  Thanks everyone!
I love you Curve!\n\nThis is what greasy breakfasts are supposed to taste like!
Awesome food! Little pricey but delicious. Loved the power pancakes!
Matt is a really great guy, and I love this place.
Hottest day if the yr and they close the pool. WTF\nManagement sucks, they only enforce the rules that they want. Not kid friendly at all!
When he cracked my neck, it was so painful and scary.  I would never go there again.  Never had an experience like it.
Jelly Mo Do(h!) - To quote from the vernacular of an animated icon of the fried dough: \"MMMMMM, DONUTS!!!\" Enough said.
Yuck. Very over-priced and the food has no Greek flavour. Opa is WAY better for fast food style Greek.
There isn't much seating so don't plan on staying for hours to do some work.  The smoothies seemed better than the juices.
The food here is pretty good. I enjoy drinking outside.\n\nA lot of hipsters hang out here. \n\nGet over it. It's Tempe
bad service, FAKE very runny scrambled eggs, and the benidict gave me the Rocky Mountain Two-step for 3 days!
Horrible pizza! I was so disappointed with it. Even Dominos has better pizza than this crap. The 5 star Yelpers for this place must be related to the owner.
good dogs? \n\nPerhaps. \n\nwould i recommend it? \n\nmaybe.\n\nshould they have planned their table settings well before opening?\n\nyes. \n\nbut this is a fast food worth writing and remembering.
Four Peaks is the spiritual home of me and several of my Sun Devil alumni friends, so anyone who doesn't like it can kiss my primeministerial ass.
All 5 star raters have never tried Chipotle Mexican Grill....
Love the fresh, clean look of the salon.  Karen Raciti has been cutting my hair for years.  She's great.
FAIL.
Why does this location have to be the dirtiest? Even after the renovation people just leave shit everywhere. People are filthy!!!
Classy.\n\nThat is sarcasm.  But, it's only restaurant on Lake Wylie. So there.
Called to get pricing and was told they do not sale trees only cactus. Man answering phone sound irritated that I would call and ask about tree.
Keepin it real deal Holyfield...best beers in Cleveland.  Period.
This Sprouts isn't as nice as the one by my house but it's still okay.  Great selection of produce and affordable prices.
4 miles away.  and they dont deliver here.   fail
Eeeks - I called to schedule an appointment with a groupon and the soonest appointment is three months out???? I've moved on to another vendor.
13SEP2014 @ 1:15pm\n\nMy collegues and I decided to order pizza and wanted PapaJohns. Whoever answered the phone was completely rude. Definitely going to avoid this location.
This place is the bomb. For real, anytime I am bored or want to come and chill away from home THIS IS THE PLACE!
It's the World Series and manager decides to have the TV sound on a meaningless Sunday Night Football game!!!!????????? Shameful!
For Christ sake get some real nachos! \nThis means cheddar cheese, not the wired mayonnaise mixed with cheese bullshit. Otherwise we love the shit out of this place.
F-you for going out of business!\n\nI'm going to have to go through 12 g0d damn steps to get over your crab and asparagus lasagna.
Snooze Fest Zzzzzzz!  Cocktail Waitresses on the much older side...I prefer eye candy hot gals.  But great service!   Just killing time before work with friends....ran into Santa...see photo!!! Lol!!!
Great place with cool\nOpen minded ppl ! Very relaxed atmosphere to meet TSTV And make new friends. Cool\nPlace and atmosphere !! I great place to try in Vegas
very good!
This should sum it up:\nThey are the most expensive and pretentious hotel within a 50 mile radius and they CHARGE FOR INTERNET!!\n\nDude, it's 2011. \n\nOverpriced. Not worth it.
Decent products, huge store that is clean. Staff could be friendlier. Enjoyed walking around looking at what they have and what I could buy. Great location.
awful, food was not good, people with me got sick and will not go there again.
The place has an awful smell, the condiments table is super dirty, and my Chicago beef was lackluster
Dat pho tho! \nDelicious authentic Pho my favorite #13\nThe owner is probably one of the best looking Vietnamese boys I have ever seen!
Worst experience ever, food was terrible. Save your money and go to McDonalds if you want to eat. Was waste of money and time ;\/
One of the beat pedicures I've ever had. Amazingly through. Jason gives great massages!
Screw the shelves, I'm here for world class MEAT BALLS!
I live in the neighborhood and thought to check this place out. The food was so bad that it got me thinking I should sell my house and move
Not a fan at all!. Tastes like McDonald's to be honest!. Burger was cold and no flavor at all.
As the mother of two daughters, I am disgusted by their vulgar window displays. They usually feature a male mannequin wearing \"buttless\" underwear. It's ignorant, and insensitive.  .
Mahi Mahi fried to crispy golden-ness....  Oh my!  It was so good, but the wait was SOOO long.  Sat on the patio and enjoyed the night skies.
Drunk in Toronto?\nDon't know what to do for fun?\nAVOID THE RAPTORS.
I love coming here for happy hour w my bf! Prices are cheap & the portions are huge!! The food is really good :)
Nice but seventies tacky!  What were they thinking?  Walked in and walked out after 30 minutes.  Aria is excellent and we stayed at Vdara!!!
This place is a joke. If they book you at 'the manor' RUN. It's gross and needs to be demolished.
Charging locals for the pool usage, REALLY?!? So you don't want our F&B money?! Ok! Guess we will be going somewhere else...
Adorable generic gas station that has the cutest little symbol hanging up high with a heart. I stopped here for good gas and quick snacks! My favorite gas station
I'am sorry to report the food here at Salvatore's stinks.  Nothing tasted very good. Thanks for the great service.
This may be a gross generalization, but what kind of joint calls itself Two HIPPIES and serves their food on styrofoam?!
Horrible and filthy location to get a pizza or salad.\nMy wife ordered for salad yesterday and she found cockroach in the salad.Be careful before getting a salad here..
I will never go to this chilies again. \nThe big fat stinky waiter that brought me my food\nI would swear he farted as he was sending me my food
love the food and enjoy the service. we went across the street at the driving range so we decided to check them out. the shrimp tacos were delicious
Love this salon.  Jamie is amazing, great color and cut.  Highly recommend!
So disappointed by this place.  Day old squishy bread. Worst Bahn Mi ever!  Hue Thai, you should know better.  Never coming back.
This is a cool oasis in the middle of the strip.  You can get pretty up close with dolphins, lions, panther and tigers.
Good food but it's too pricey. They do takeout and have decent servings. Love the rice pilaf.
Clean, friendly, courteous and homie restaurant. Great for families or someone that wants to watch a game while being social. Lol food is excellent and fresh.
David show is told as a time story. It is very entertaining and funny. I like the calm way the performance is delivered. You will enjoy this new show.
I like it 'cause it printed on shinny heavy stock paper.\n\nWeight+Shinny=Street Cred!
prime rib cooked to perfection always a great place to dine I love sitting in the bar area with the fireplace :)
I've had better accommodations as a soldier in the field compared to my stay here at circus circus
Good food. Large portions. $60 for 3 adults to eat. All chose off the deli menu. Very busy. Fast service
Great breakfast place ! I had the eggs Benedict and they were delicious . Service was excellent ! Looking forward to going back .
This update is only to tell you one very important thing. \n\nI hereby declare that Rudy has...\n\n...\n\nThe best poutine in town.
Love their food here. Great spot to go to after going out on a party. The service could be better tho!!
My friends and I really wanted boba tea past midnight and we called to ask their location and they hung up after calling us dumb asses.
Exactly the same as the Tempe location but you can swap the annoying students for pricks from north Scottsdale.  The food and beer remain tasty.
Don't get me wrong guys!! Alma cuts hair very well!! Just that one time there was some miscommunication with how long I wanted my hair. She's a good barber!
Was trying to get quotes over the phone. The owner was very rude, hung up on my husband, and called him stupid.
Great place to have a bite to eat and drink and always nice scenery ;) gotta love a pool like this... Great times for sure
This place is absolutely disgusting. I had a chicken Adana wrap and they gave me rotten, disgusting sauce with it. AVOID.
This place is shit the workers lie about transfer fees and when they find out you dont have an AR or Glock they are dicks.
Time for an update. The past couple months, the food quality and service has much improved. Actually enjoy eating here again! Keep up the good work, ya'll!
Run by some awful women who won't allow corkage.\n\nI made a reservation, then left.\n\nToo bad. Stupid policy.
Really Really good flavors.\n\nFlavors and authenticity: 5 Stars\nAnal portioning and deceptive high bottom cups:  3 Stars\nOwner is a dick. Otherwise excellent.
This isn't a bakery. This is art. Rosanne is a genius.
One of the best breakfasts i've had, I mean, for diner food.
Food was excellent and the waitress was cute. Will definitely be back for both.\n\nNot sure how long yelp wants the reviews to be so this is just filler.
Nice place with they had Veteran or teacher discounts we need it and we give our lives in service of others
You're downtown, you're probably drunk, you're definitely hungry, and the hot dogs have potato chips on them. \n\nSeriously though, best hot dog around for $3.
Great campus, amazing clubs, excellent gym, good food and surrounding area, amazing profs, interesting courses, amazing people and good reputation. I would highly recommend this school to others.
This Costco has everything...  Car wash, gas station, wow!  Busy as hell, but it is Costco.
I have a great idea. Open up a Circle K, light it up 24\/7 like it's open, then post a sign on the door saying \"closed from 2-4am.\"
This is going to be my last visit here....after seeing the owner put a dirty utensil in a sauce after dropping on floor, I'm disgusted!!!!
Grade: C-\n\nI suppose I would like this place if I was 8 years old and didn't mind slow service and survived on chicken wings.
One of my favorite restaurants. I love the teppanyaki and the sushi was really fresh.
Not crowded at all. A nice little winter pick-me-up. Had a great conversation with a drunk lady who was apparently just forcibly removed from a funeral. 5 stars.
OMG! Simply the best sushi in Town. But need to rob the Bank of Tokyo t o eat here. Ginza style with no lights.
Welcome Belmont to the 21st century!\nThey now accept DEBIT and CREDIT !!
Mehhhhh at best. The salsa was pretty bland. The queso was okay. They charged $5.00 for a plate of beans and rice. There's definitely better in the area.
Food=awesome\nAmbiance=regular\nService=hit and miss (most employees are normal, but this time, cool guy taking order was as inviting as a rape van).
The fog machine makes this place terrible. Please stop spraying your patrons with freezing cold fog
omfg no.\nI ordered Baklava and they NUKED it on a STYROFOAM dish for me.\nThe insides were still cold and it tasted like cancer :\/
Canada! Got us here, got us home. Clean, sophisticated and international. Free Wifi. Friendly people. Swift customs check, and agents with a sense of humor. I hope to return.
A co-worker brought me back a shrimp cevice tostada for lunch today.  Once again it was DELICIOUS!!
The first \"true\" hot wings I have ever eaten. The Rim Reaper is no joke and there will be consequences in the bathroom the following day!
This property has the most unprofessional manager that I have ever encoutered.  She challenges residents to fights!
The service was very good by both the waiters and owner himself. The food was very delicious.. Very fresh and hot. Will come back again
Rien qui casse trois pattes à un canard ici. Le service est correct, sans plus, tout comme la carte, qui n'a rien de mémorable.\n\nSi j'y retourne ? Probablement pas.
Rude staff, not very inviting at all. I get that it's busy but they could at least be friendly.
Friendly fast incredible, try the soup and it comes with cheese bread very filling and perfect in this crazy weather, sure to warm you.
been surviving on ChINA China take outs for all of my high school yrs awww good o'days! Love love it no matter what!
I HATE IT!!!!!!!\nThey charge you twice the amount, than you would normally pay at the neighborhood corner SB's.\nIt's the same coffee dammit!
Football team donuts pickup so I needed a couple of dozen. They are moving in slow motion but they gave me a nice variety and the team loved them!
in airport again and this time had to take off our shoes.  why don't they have chairs to remove and replace shoes?!?!
Great service and great food.  The bread pots are delicious!  Love their chicken fried steak and turkey sausage.  Big servings.
The food is fresh, high quality and always delicious. Upscale atmosphere. Great place for a date or a celebration
The service was impeccable and food was fast and great.  Rick the bartender did a super great job.
I make a mean cannoli. Well, technically, I make a mean cannoli filling. I get my cannoli shells from Niccoli's. :)
今回は最低のサービスでした。私は深く幻滅した。席に着いてもメニューすら持ってこない。何かを頼もうとしてもスルーする。最後は一緒に頼んだオーダーが食べ終わる頃に持ってこられてたまったもんじゃない。名前を書くといやらしいので次回はこのサーバーに当たらないことを祈ります。今まできた中で一番気分を害した。
I swear after the first sip of my handcrafted brew I died and went to coffee bean heaven.....o.O....\n\nI've recommended so many friends to this place.
To the reviewer talking down on Cleveland, if you don't like it, then get the hell out.
\"Get off your phone\" bitc I'm checking\nMy email. Leave me alone. 100$ for 6 minutes of fun. Worst place ever
Watch out for the short fat white girl she makes burritos with hatred and will put holes in it, call that shit and tell her to remake it
Coffee is fine. Don't come here expecting to get work done though, they don't let you plug in!
The bartenders pocket money. There are people outside in the smoking area smoking marijuana and there is nothing but trashy whores that go in there including the bartenders
The Young Adults' service is now on Sunday nights at 7pm
cool... -_- nothing special. I have been to better places! Tried it out with the help of the Yelp promotion for 1st timers.
It's called fast food. Not wait for three hours for a fricking burger food. WTF  how hard is it honestly?
Wedding dress fits perfect but need to reach owner for pick up. Store closed Sunday but need dress. Would like the owner to please contact me ASAP.
What kind of chocolate place does not have chocolate slush or chocolate smoothie... \"That's like the rules against feminism!!\"\n\nI am not impressed or amused by this.
I have only used this place for basic shoe repair but their prices have always been more then fair and they have quick turn around.  No complaints from me.
Ok service, great candy and ice cream options. They also serve alcoholic and virgin alcoholic drink. Prices are decent and lines move quickly.
I'm not going to change my rating, but our pizza was soggy this time!  It was still good, but I don't like soggy pizza's.
Good beer, good service. Extremely overpriced food. \"Kielbasa\" was slightly above quality of an Oscar Meyer hotdog. $12 entree was the size of a small appetizer
Food is always fresh and service always great. Who doesn't love teppanyaki?
*bleh* I've been to better outlets.  I'm not at all impressed with the stores.
This place must be a front for something. The digs are lavish but the food and service are terrible. It's always empty. How do they stay in business?
This review is for 1 thing only. \n\nThe Frito Chili Wrap Jr\n\nThis thing was a buck, it was freaking good. I will be getting the larger one next time.
I have come here a few times to watch my friends sing karaoke. It's a great plate ole bar.
The atrium never fails when your staying in the Mirage and it just makes you want to stay awhile and smell the fresh air.
Want good pizza? Head to Papa Del's.\n\nBut in the meantime, pepperoni rolls and Pokey Stix: Get. In. My. Bell-ay.
Fun place to grab beer and food in groups.  You can catch a sports game or just chill out and drink.
Ate fish burrito. 10$ \nNo better nor worse than any other burrito place. \nGuac included.
Staff here is verrrry friendly and does a great job! I've been coming here for 3 years and haven't turned back since!
Great sushi and freindly staff. I recommend the 911 and Fire starter roll, excellent.
Those employee so rude especially the one with glasses and the shorther one, i ask for the fucking ketchup they look each other and laugh at me wtf!!!
I keep returning to ABZ, every time I need something done to any of my cars. They're extremely honest, and the repairs they do are high quality.
We are costumers buy coffee and bread we need wash are hands and bathroom is close .unbelievable .......bad bad Bad
why do i love gas station hotdogs so much?\nit is a real problem.
I'm 2.5 miles away. I asked to place an order for delivery and they said I was out of range. Wtf
Andrea and Mark did an incredible job. The results show very well how much effort they both put into cleaning my home! Will 100% use service again.
Marcus was professional and very helpful. He assessed my watch damage and fixed it fast. The service lives by the business name, fast fix! \n\nThanks Marcus!
Top notch and attention to detail is second to none. Highly recommend them for all your emergency fixes!
Love it, just make sure security keeps Carol out, what a B. Who comes to a soft opening with an attitude like that?
Mexican food \nNot suitable for Asian who doesn't found Mexican food tasty \nThe deserts are too sweet
Doesn't have everything so I have to go over to Greenfield Rd, they're open 10am-9pm Monday-Saturdays, not open Sundays.
So disappoint... We ordered a live lobster but It turned out to be a dead one. Ruining my taste.
CRAZY CRAZY CRAZY FUN!!!!!!! Three different stages to choose from for music, zip line, DRINKS DRINKS and more DRINKS!!!! This is by FAR my favorite area of Vegas!!!
I do not eat here as often as I used to as I no longer live near here but the Sushi is very good. The Teppan tables are average.
Called ahead to make an appointment for 2 for 1 hour. Went all the way there then they said only 30 min each. No thanks!
A very nice and clean place. Great doctors and a good pharmacy. Reasonable wait times.
LAME, if you want this experience then go to a grocery store meat locker with a bottle of jack, it will be cheaper and more fun.
Quoted $40 for a watch battery and $20 to put in two new links. Very overpriced, even if they do include a warranty.
Your suits are overpriced.  Stop scamming people.  Your annoying radio commercials are just as bad as your suits.  Hire a professional to do your commercials.
Rude staff!!! Checked in to give a party order,.. Got a rude reply.. Will never be back nor will recommend my friends..
yeah, not that good. Who took all the cool shit?
Brought my son's car bad leak other shop said head gasket,well ended up being a hose. These guy's are honest. I recommend this place for all your automotive needs.
Just got scolded by the restaurant for being so negative about their restaurant. Professional thanks!\n\nNot EVERYONE has to like your food!
Heard about a lot of bad review. rode it maybe 3 times. no problem. luckily. They are cheaper compared to other bus service in between chicago and here.
This place is like dirty Mexico in the middle of Scottsdale. Not a fan.
Simple math:\n\n1 Pint Hop Knot + 2 Hot Bavarian Pretzels with Spicy Mustard = 21 hours of being awake totally worth it
Great gym, great equipment, and awesome\/friendly staff.
That was the worst pomegranate juice in my life! Wasting money and risk your health if you drink the
Only the best shop in town. Hands down the best juice in town  \nMatt berger is a legend!
Amazing trainers. They have a special sixth sense about our canine buddies. Very impressed with the outcome training our new puppy and now we have a happier family
This place SUCKS. This bar is empty and this bartender won't serve us because he's too busy flirting.
Owner was abusive and threatening. Threatened to put lien on house when work was questioned.  Never checked work .
Great store always can find super deals . Wish we had one in California
Food excellent; service h o r r I b l e !\nThe Chinese biryani, unusual and tasty.\nDon't know to make a bacardi & coke
Excellent food and great ambiance! Food is always served hot and never disappoints. This has become our favorite place to have an evening snack.
Are homeless people really sitting in here sleeping all day? What the fuck is this shit.
Delicious food!  Timely service.  The cranberry chicken salad is great.
They refuse to play films that the social justice warrior community does not approve of.
Call me picky, but when I see a mouse running across the floor during winter, I know there's more than one of them in the place.
This Starbucks is located inside of Albertsons.  Baristas are always helpful & friendly. Service is usually quick despite having only 1 barista. Store is clean and well stocked.
Super clean, bright store.  Staff is friendly and really helpful.  Lots of merchandise for all of your needs.  Highly recommend this store!!!
I like cops. They have a very honourable job.\n\nMost are great, hard-working people who have fascinating life stories.\n\nSome need to review their training on professionalism.
The price, amazing. The quality of people working there, super. The pedicure, mediocre (but for $19 bucks what do you expect?).
This is a great savers location! Best place to find unique costume items. Great selection. Parking is limited. Beware of Wendy's lot next door, lots of tow signs.
They make you spend from $150-$500 on items to get to talk to Emmit and get an autograph boooooo
$10 cover nude side and top less side did not deliver.  Drinks over priced dancers not shapely protruding guts and don't know how to use the pole :(
This place just becomes more dilapidated as the years go by... The owners are doing nothing to keep up with it.
Not at all satisfied with service as if recent, my favorite employee left and now it seems the shoes cannot be filled.
Keeping it short, I won't be renewing my lease.
Serves the community well. Like that they have a job center to help people. I've donated here and the employees are always helpful and grateful when I do.
My go-to place when I want bad food, amateur drinkers and bartenders who try to overcharge or under-change.
When you're at a private event and the waitresses are more drunk than the customers\nHow are the waitresses allowed to drink shooters on the job?
Great food and service. Normally a wait on the weekend, but what would you expect.
This facility is pristine and modern. It has ample free parking, clean bathrooms including two family bathrooms.\n\nThere are four vending machines in the lobby.
Best bar in Phoenix. Period. \n\nNot a good place to go if you are wanting to quit drinking.
Terrible management company. Take forever to get things done, and their property managers are completely incompetent. (Steve Gloyd is the worst) Avoid this company like the plague.
The prices and portions are great.  The food is as good as it gets in metropolitan Phoenix.  The staff are very friendly but it's def a dive.
bad crowd. bad people. bad bartenders. bad atmosphere. Terrible food.\n\nA crowd of wanna be tough guys, overly drunk locals, obnoxious owners, and horrible menu.\n\nTO BE AVOIDED!
Waited 2 hours to sing. Never got called! Could it be the Latino names? Yet Tyler and Miles got called like 2-3 times. Just saying... :(
Carry cash. \nCarry an open mind.  \nSip. \nEnjoy. \nDon't look too close at anything.
This is the worst place i have been too, we waited 2 hours to receive our food. Never will i come back
One of my favorite places to get burgers, they make it so fun and it tastes sooooo good.
This is fun.\n\nThe end.
For a Las Vegas hotel, the pool was totally disappointing and disgusting.  The smallest and dirtiest pool I have ever seen.
Sometimes I like comfort food.  And sometimes I want a lot of it.  This place satisfies those desires and does so cheaply and with friendly service.  Win.  Win.
This place sucks........get it???? because they take blood here.......Alright, I am a regular donor at United Blood services.  The people working here could not be more pleasent.
STAY AWAY, STAY AWAY, STAY AWAY!!! Did I mention STAY AWAY!!! THE agents are incompetent and lairs. I'm sure it starts at the top ( Jeremy Fulkerson )
Inquired about a new Ford Explorer and this is the lovely unprofessional email received.
There were many grand parts to my adventure to Comme Ca.\n\nIt was all a blur though.
Good Food. Portion size is good. I have had better middle eastern food in general so thats y 3 starts. overall good experience i will say...
Blackout Stout. 9% APV.  I know it's named after the blackout a few years back, but two of those and it brought on a brand new meaning.  Whoa!
Wait, you're shitting me, right?  35mins+ wait in the hot sun to eat bacon and eggs?  No way.
CLOSED!!\n\nNot only closed, the whole store has been torn to the ground!!  :(
Best. Cupcakes. Ever.\n\n\nThat is all.  Carry on.
was great.  Cards look perfect.  fast delivery.  Good price for the value.  Would use again!!  In fact I plan to.\nthanks guys.\n-sheila mahoney\nps- hope ya'll are well
Wasn't this place and the attached art store featured in an episode of Portlandia?
This place is so cool .... The whole family had a wonderful time .... Good food drinks happy hour lots of fun games Clean place and friendly staff
Since were a Kawasaki family, this is where I get some of my parts, friendly, knowledgeable, clean dealership, been there forever.\nFive Stars.
Great atmosphere, lots of pretty girls, just make sure you bring plenty of cash and condoms!!!
the owners hatred for the military is all that needs to be said.....
I paid $450 application fee that is non refundable. Most expensive application fee I paid.
This Moes was very dirty, and I found a long hair in my burrito. Great customer service but the lack of cleanliness makes me think I'll go elsewhere.
Packed patio.\n\nAll hype.\n\nFood isn't awesome.\n\nNice to sit out there as long as there aren't too many smokers.
Great place  to meet many TS girls and have lots of fun!!\nDef a place to hang out if u wanna meet a TS\/Tv in a relaxed atmosphere
Their buffet will be A la carte started on Jan 2014
Loved it. Great Italian food, excellent wine recommendation and they sure know how to make a Negroni. Try the turkey meatballs!
Great time and service. Every adult beverage imaginable is served here. Bartenders are fast and friendly and views of the Las Vegas skyline are amazing!
This probably my favorite train stop, not because of the smells, the space or the friendly zombies,  but because my car is here.
Dr. Mitchell is awesome.\nDr. Quinn is awesome.\nThe staff is awesome.\nThe location is awesome.\nGo Smiles for Life to make your teeth awesome.
This is our normal joint for burgers and fish n chips!!!  I miss my Tempe gang!!!  Never an issue and food is always out pretty quickly!
Really enjoyed my breakfast here this morning. I had the protein pancakes. They were delicious. I would definitely recommend this place.
Always a good choice for any special occassion. NBC is always moist and delish. I especially like the lemon and red velvet.
Probably best Thai food in Cleveland. But you have to know that it's probably the size if your kitchen. Literally.
Absolutely fantastic pizza. One of the best in the area. Far better than Postinos. I can't wait to go back
Great dog park!\n\nAnd always some hotties ...
A hot dog place... with no corn dogs?!?!?!? What a DISGRACE!
I love this gym! I can get in and get out without all the hassle like the other big named gyms out here!
Trying to access your website which appears to be written in Korean.  ?????\nI used the link within Yelp.
When: Saturday 1:30pm\nServer: Danny\nService: Quick & Friendly \nGreat food, organic and tasty. Service was awesome. We got a Pozole ($9.50) and taco sampler ($40.00) to share.
It was amazing. We had four different pizzas and all of them tasted 5 stars. Mike was extremely nice and friendly. Please come out to East Mesa.
The food is reminiscent of a hospital cafeteria. The staff is rude and the ambiance is tacky.
The room: huge.\n\nThe WiFi: slow.\n\nThe location: good.\n\nThe room service: decent.\n\nThe wallpaper: peeling.\n\nThe bed: comfortable.\n\nThe sheets: scratchy.\n\nThe staff: smiling with clenched teeth.\n\nThe sofa: (semen?) stained.
Had a very cool experience at Taco Bell drive-thru. The food was good, fast service, and friendly drive-thru staff.
awesome food and friendly service. i ve tried quite a lot and spicy tang is really good.
Disgusting!  Very dirty and certainly not  worth the money.   Wish I could erase the experience from my head.
Everything was GREAT!!!\nI love the origional recipe fried chicken and biscuits!
Service was great, food was unbelievable, definitely coming back! So good I think I cried a little. :) \n\nMust experience this at least once.
I can't believe how rude the whole staff in the buffect was I'm never coming here bunch of racist people work there
Convenient place for an affordable late night drive thru. Service is quick... food is good... prices are cheap. There is a lot to like here.
High quality Chinese food. Will be going again. The orange chicken is superb its so good. I have never been to Toronto.
I can hear my heart stopping every time i eat here.....
Get the Cheese Y Mas and chips. A little pricey but totally worth it! Tacos are pretty great too!
If you like a great breakfast at a good value and good service in a nice atmosphere then look no further.
Congrats, my first one star rating. Cheap barely edible food. This place was a destination 20 years ago. Now it's just an abomination.
Expensive but worth it. They check more then just your oil. You stay in your car thro the whole process.
I love this place! You can order a pizza like a sub!\nAnd it's priced very reasonable and delicious!\nA family take out plus! Good job!!
Sort of an older crowd when I was there.  No good looking women.  Cheesy band playing.  Bartender was a rude bitch.  Will never go back.
Positive \nGreat tasty food. \nGreat for lunch  \nVery fresh food \nSelf serve\nCheap price. \nNegative\nVery old place, need a make over\nMusic too loud
Went in there for a quick smog. Quick was the word. Out in ten minutes and paid. Been looking for a new mechanic. I think I just found him
Good is awful, no meats, just salads, pizza & pasta.\n\nNot for kids, no parking, got to find a street
UGH. I gave you another chance, Jason, and you served me a pasta salad with more oil than the Exxon spill. Thanks for the headache.
Great up until they stop coming by for scheduled visits and start ignoring your phone calls.
Great massacre, knowledgeable therapists, Stevie is awesome. Prices are very reasonable.
Can someone tell the dumbass bouncers to not aSk for I.D for people who are approaching 50 years of age. I kid you not!
Found the food and service poor. Seems to be more a place for older folks with expensive cars to be seen.
來到 賭城 Las Vegas 這個頂級娛樂美食之都，造訪在賭城大道上各家知名旅館內由世界級名廚主理的餐廳一直是許多人在計畫行程時的不可錯過的用餐安排，然而在來自世界各地的旅客蜂擁、處處人山人海的狀況下，有時候還是想要在比較低調悠閒、不會過於喧鬧吵雜的環境好好地透過食物的美味來紀錄當下美好的時光，而本篇介紹的這間餐廳就是一個能夠在美景中安靜享受美食的好去處。位於新興規劃的高級社區 Summerlin，依著人造湖 Lake in Desert Shores 湖畔而建的 美式餐廳 American Cuisine，由曾經在Charlie Palmer等知名餐廳內擔任的主廚所開設，將他精緻富有美感的新美式料理在這個彷彿世外桃源般、在賭城少有的優美湖畔環境中呈現給顧客。\n\n依著湖邊而設，一邊是坐擁湖邊春色美景的新建頂級豪宅，一邊是能讓顧客欣賞美景的各式商店與餐廳，在陽光的照射下倒映在湖面的景色盡收眼底。\n\n餐廳位於一個湖邊的商場中，從停車場這邊的入口進室內的區域，可以看到餐廳有一半以上的空間都是在透天的天窗下，建議在入夜之前就前來用餐，可以同時感受到白天與夜晚不同的風貌。\n\n室內用餐區有著天窗與落地窗帶來良好的採光與美景，但沿著湖畔而設的步道更是要親身走出去，感受微風的吹拂與陽光的熱度，欣賞著眼前的美景。\n\n在天氣好時間充裕時來到這裡，除了購物與享用美食外，也有一些水上活動可以當作休閒娛樂。善用湖邊的美景與綠意盎然的佈置，這裡也有提供舉辦婚禮的場地。\n\n感受完戶外美景的浪漫洗禮，回到室內延續著優雅的風情，面對大型的三腳架鋼琴似乎已經可以在耳邊傳來悠揚的樂聲。\n\n入座後招待的香檳就像是清脆悅耳的呼喚聲，喚醒了肚皮中飢餓感加速胃酸分泌來準備迎接美食。\n\n看似簡單的菜單內容，從前菜到主餐只有兩頁菜色，但都包括了主廚一路走來在各家知名餐廳研習時所學與加入自己心力創意的菜色。\n\n這裡招牌的沙拉，就是以純金食用染料與松露油作成的醬料，加入水波蛋、波菜葉、與西班牙黑毛豬火腿（Jamon Iberico），從視覺與味覺上同時帶來震撼感受的料理。\n\n帶有黃金色彩的醬料主要地風味是來自於松露油的濃郁香氣，將沙拉中央的水波蛋挖開讓泊泊豐美的蛋汁流出與原本的醬汁混和，讓新鮮爽朗風味的菜葉多了一分香濃的風味，趣味與美味兼具的一道料理。\n\n結合和牛與鮪魚兩種日本料理中經常出現的頂級食材，上頭在鋪上柑橘醬油煙製的魚子，又是一道在視覺與味覺上帶來深刻感受的料理。\n\n魚肉的軟嫩輕甜與和牛的香氣油脂混和，搭配這股在舌尖上留下的深刻風味，美味的調酒與紅酒佐餐更是不可缺少的。\n\n以恰到好處的火喉香煎，大干貝特有的貝類香氣瀰漫在空氣中早就讓人垂涎欲滴，入口之後的香甜更是在喉間久久不散，而干貝底部的燉飯也是煮得相當入味，醬汁滲透至米心越嚼越香。\n\n照片上的羊排是已經打開蓋子之後的誘人模樣，在送上桌前是以透明的蓋子蓋住，將以香料燃燒後帶出的香氣完整地包括其中，讓羊排在送上桌前充分吸收了這股濃郁的煙燻香氣，而羊肉的品質也是一時之選，每口都是軟嫩香甜肉汁充沛，就算是以往也品嚐過類似的料理，但是在這裡吃到的風味絕對是數一數二。\n\n甜點與甜點酒、餐後酒的選擇，可以點小圖放大看詳細內容。\n\n不僅是美味的餐點一點一滴地在心中累積愉悅的感受，來自無微不至的服務更是讓人在慶祝節日時加深埋入心底的記憶。\n\n香氣突出、甜味高雅、酸味怡人，美味的餐後甜點檸檬塔，在細緻的口感中為本次完美的用餐感受畫上甜蜜的句點。\n\n在用餐之餘也可以藉由豐富的酒藏，透過微醺來感受來自美好用餐環境帶來的愉悅。\n\n隨著夜幕低垂、華燈初上，眼前的美景也變得更加詩情畫意。\n\n沿著湖邊的走道稍微走動消化一下肚中的美食，持續沈浸在美景中度過美好的夜晚。\n\n從白天到黑夜、從室內到戶外，美侖美奐的環境一直是讓人流連忘返，美酒與美食更是將感受推至極致與完美。\n\n名為「Old Fashioned」以威士忌微基底的老派的調酒，在濃郁的純麥酒香中透著苦中帶甜具有深度的風味，跨越了數個世紀至今依然是風韻猶存，一種帶有歷史感的風味，呼應著這間在往後會讓人更加期待的餐廳，期待再訪之時。
Sweet Baby Jesus... try the honey toast. Trust me, just try it.\n\nI'm having honey toast withdrawal symptoms already and it's only been a couple days.
Forgettable. Humm...... Forgettable right away. Ok, that is better.
Pros: tons of equipment of various price points to try out; price matching of any online or brick\/mortar authorized distributor (non-bundled items only)\n\nCons: everything else
Delicious!  It's great to be able to customize our pizzas.   Love the food and the personality of the Mike's brought the experience to another level.
unique flavors and they make great gifts for dinner party hosts! always appreciated!
Best Indian place in Vally for me! Awesome curry and nice service.
Great view. \n\nOK Steak. \n\nNice rooftop bar, albeit more aged-meat on the rooftop than on the menu.
A thankless job\n\nThey put their lives on line for us. \n\nA few bad apples shouldn't ruin the bunch\n\nBig city policing is tough.
HORRIBLE PHONE EXPERIENCE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Receptionist was so rude to me!!!!!!  I cannot believe how unprofessional she was.  Definitely do NOT recommend this business.
No one was in the restaurant when we drove up and we saw the waitress swatting flies and decided that that wasn't a good sign.
Too expensive, too loud, bouncer was a pathetic asshole who was bragging about a state degree, but I had fun till I got kicked out
OH boy.... This place is so dang cute with so many shiny things.  Great selection, sometimes overwhelming.  Found these great laynards for badge holders, but with style.  Bling Bling...
Try the \"Loco\" hot dogs.... 2 dogs with pico and jalapenos wrapped in bacon.... I had mayo on mine... Good stuff!!
Good god I love Pita Jungle. Go there, eat, drink, be happy. \n\nThe food is varied & fantastic, the service is good, the place is interesting.
I might still be black listed for peeing on the patio in my tutu... but, I mean it's usually poppin. I think.... I black out every time I go.
Definitely a 'cool' place for kids! Video games to entertain, a play area for smaller tikes and a very accommodating staff. Yes, they have my recommendation for yelpers.
No toilet paper in casino restrooms and no cable in my room!
This is a great place - clean friendly and relaxing. It is NOT a place for \"happy endings\" \n\nI go and get an excellent massage and relax.
Over priced, over crowded, mediocre products. Welcome to the Las Vegas Strip.
Unlike a lot of thrift stores whose main emphasis is clothes this location focuses much more on furniture and hardware. It is nice and practical use of retail space.
Awesome cute board game store! The owners are brothers and are super cute! I love their old style coke bottles!
Red eye to NY.  Nice new leather seats..yay\n\nNo internet or tv on this flight....boooooooooo
we had no luck on the slots machines :( oh well the huge 1.99 hot dogs, $1 beers, and $2 margaritas made up for it!
Also, if you like being sent threatening emails by the person that you wrote a review about...this is your place for sure!!
Was asked to go to a different place to eat after 6 years of monthly meetings, we were told that we don't order expensive enough lunches....
Don't you dare charge me $2.37 for a club soda which is carbonated water. What the hell!
Very creepy servers ,always looking on what are we eating.horrible taste and not delicious.\nWill not recommend for desi people anytime.
Average Thai food at exorbitant prices\nBasic lunch for 3 \n$30 ordered Thai hot....NOT!\nDon't waste your money\nNot going back!
Very cool place, i order la saucinette and was good, great service, I was so tempted to play the piano but didn't want ppl to run away lol
This is the best auto repair shop I have ever been to. They were honest and didn't try to rip me off. They were very professional and personable.
Decent patio. Spacious inside. Nothing to write home about or plan a visit to but if in the area, I'd go again.
Great job, very happy! Thanks Andrea and Mark!!
Horrible! gross.,. nothing worked and ther is no free wi fi like it said. its deffianittly a shit hole.
Great burger 5 stars.. 1 star for the onion rings and the service.  Better luck next time.
Spiral cut honey baked ham. DELICIOUS!!!!!! I could eat this ham all year long. Why wait until the holidays.
Good food, but really not a REAL sports bar as advertised. A few pictures on the wall and 7 TV's doesn't make you a sports bar.
There is nothing like your local ___berto's. Nothing.\n\nBreakfast. Lunch. Dinner. 4th meal. 10th meal. Julioberto's is always the answer.
Very cool event to try out for newbies & pro's, fun for team building, stags\/staggettes, and dates. Would def do this again!
Very clean and well air conditioned arena. Very uncomfortable seating! Free parking. Escalator available. Reasonable prices on snacks.
a locals eatery of well prepared traditional japanese. amazing staff and well rounded menu. escape the whorish bustle of the strip and have a nice PG rated meal tonight.
Great used prices. Staff is friendly as well. Lots of high end gear compared to the Phoenix store.
Best prices in town & helpful, knowledgeable, folks in every section. Discovered some interesting beers and wines. Bummer they don't carry Titos Vodka but hopefully soon.
Save yourself the agony and frustration, and make the trip to Georgetown or Etobicoke.
Awesome so far! Alexis is great! Highly recommend her sculpt class. Taking Melinda's class today!  make sure to bring an extra towel and water bottle, you'll need it!
Always a pleasure when dealing with Lawless Denim, beautiful process and handcrafted USA-sourced products!
This guy is awesome for passport pics! He's funny, makes you feel comfortable and you're in and out in 5-10 mins! Plus a complimentary pic \"for Mom\" \n\nHighly recommended!
Amazing during cold weather. 1st time but not the last.\n\nJust try it, you won't regret it.
Stopped by at 4:15 and was closed. Hours posted is open til 6:00pm. I guess it's 6:00 somewhere
Our rodeo gang of five had breakfast here this morning and everything was excellent off the menu as well as service. Will surely return.
Note: as the kimchi sat in the refrigerator for a few days, the flavors developed fully from the fermentation process. It is tasting mighty fine now!
Food is waaaaaay overpriced here. Simple breakfast, omlette, toast, misc items and dessert(oops).....$50.....sheesh.\n\nbtw, I did get THEbill and paid for with MYcash.....lol
They will screw you and even after I cancelled my membership, they accidentally charged me and overdrew my bank account. Never use this place!
Probably the best boba I have ever had.  Soooo tasty.  Will definitely be back.  Had their grapefruit boba.
Oh god, so this bar\nIs good for shots, like rainbow?*\nWay too cramped to stay.\n\n*I think a bosnian made a group of us take shots of the rainbow... I think
Divorced?  Desperate?  Have a new corvette?  You've qualified for a trip to the lovely Martini Ranch where your next future trophy ex-wife is waiting for you!
Speechless, the garlic and BBQ wings are so good that it make u want to slap the whole family and the dog too. This is the late night service.
this place is so awkward and the comedy was not funny at all. \nwould I go back? yes definitely. \nI like shitty things.
Excellent food, no crap ingredients. Worth the little extra money for really good food. Joseph the bartender is on point.  Try the jalapeño shaken margarita.
Saw some nice reviews. Called, the woman hung up on me saying she doesn't understand me. What the problem?
This place seemed ok until I found a cocaroach in our coffee maker... \n\nThe prices are pretty steep and we didn't even have a refrigerator, microwave or anything special.
They have credit card skimming machines,  it was on the news.   The car wash scratched my car one time then denied it.
Love Markus here. Goes above and beyond to help. Very pleasant and professional!!  Good work, reliable products. Fixed three watches all high end, all repairs done perfectly.
Four words:  MEXICAN HOT CHOCOLATE...YUM\n\nAnother four words: HOLY CRAP IT\"S LOUD
Worst wait time ever.   Over 30 min. Servers are rude when confronted on the empty seats and the line not moving.
Yo Bartender is a huge b*tch said she's wasn't gonna  serve me cause I didn't tip her after I tipped her 10 for my first drink, good music tho
plain and simple it is a dumb---stay home stay in your room---waste of a taxi ride---and this is a waste of my time writing this---janet
Horrible service, they only gave me one sandwich and I paid for 2. Just a bunch of clueless teens. Waste of money and time
I've used this service twice and was very happy both times.  They are great and I love that they charge flat rates!
Caffeine was needed.\n\nStarbucks was there.
A very decent sushi restaurant in a little strip mall.\nAnd despite their apparent obsession with James Blunt music, it was quite an enjoyable lunch.\nRolls were tasty and well priced.
Ever wondered what Pizza Hut would taste like if it wasn't a chain? Well, this is it.\n\nMeh.
Simply Awesome! \n\nReliable, Affordable, Quick, Trustworthy! Everything anyone can ask for in a mechanic!!
Their intense flavour ramen is how I'd imagine it's like chewing 5 gum.\n\nI wouldn't know though, since I'm vegan.\n\n5 out of 5 gums.
Smells ghetto no sun browns suck.
Amazing custom pizza for such a good price (11.5\" for $8). Lots of toppings and options. And all unlimited. And the pizza tastes great. Will definitely go again.
Loved everything about it.  Arizona Mule, atmosphere, skeeball.  Refreshingly free of Scottsdale douches.
Fantastic theaters with reclining plush seating!  Stadium seating allows for great viewing wherever you sit.  The concessions have mixed cocktails, wines and beer on drafts!
Get real if you think this is edible. That chick who makes the pizza with a bird name is always too stoned to even cook. THIS PIZZA IS ROTTEN.
Good shabu shabu in vegas. Carl is a cool dude.
Fast shipping turnaround and good instructions on the website.
Practically perfect in every way. Bright lights, no shame!
Very good food...\nService is rather snotty.  I've had things thrown in bags and never a thank you.  I've waiting 10 minutes for soup with nobody in the place.
Favorite stores! love this place and the environment makes it sooo much more fun. i love coming here! the best spot in scottsdale.
This... \n\nI... \n\nNo words. Incredibly. Heavenly. Best short ribs I have ever eaten. Literally couldn't keep my eyes open while eating. It was that good. Gave me shivers.
Don't do delivery.\nMy food came totally messed up in every way. Not good at all.
Pastries was ok !! Rude customers service !! Never going back again !!! They need to used gloves when pickin up cake or any food !! Disgusting
Pretty decent hotel. The lobby looks clean with a good decoration. The room was pretty nice. But WIFI is a bit hard to find here!!
Unique!\nJust For Fun!\nWhimsical!\nAmazing!\nHang out!\nEnjoy!
Crepes and gelato were good. Ordered vanilla gelato and two Nutella crepes. Crepe was too sweet!\nLady at the cashier was kind of rude. :\/ better customer service please.
Worst. Place. Ever. Our food took an hour to get here(oh I mean just the appetizers, the entrees never showed up). Fucking joke! Surprised they are still in business.
The most awful ramen imaginable! Smelled like a dirty rug...And.. 40 min wait at the table! \nSuch a change from 5 years ago! To bad.
This is a very nice place that serves a variety of authentic Malaysian food. I come here from time to time and it's always good but not the best.
This place, like all other downtown places, smell like piss and bums.  No thanks.
The chicken, tenders and biscuits were good. Service was fast and friendly. Would come back again if in the area.
Great place to go for a walk on lunch breaks.  I recommend the Starbucks by the medical school.
Same great food, same great service. Much closer to me with this new location! YUM !
The only place I can find Captain's Wafers smoke house cheddar crackers, Yummy. Cheap too ;-{)
Special events (Halloween) where you purchase tickets in advance, don't think thats so you don't have to wait in line. \n\nLong\nLines
Good space. Has all the equipment you need. Only problem is too many personal trainers. Its a public gym, NOT a personal training studio!
Good for kids?  NO!  They don't have high chairs...it was a disaster!!!!!
12.30.14\n\nSpicy Mojave revisited. http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/pinks-hot-dogs-las-vegas-2?select=tjpcbEJKTKznY-hm_D4v8A#tjpcbEJKTKznY-hm_D4v8A\n\n$9.18
Grand opening!  One free donut or coffee per person April 14-20th!  Clean, spacious, great service, and plenty of seating!  \n\nOpen 24 hours!!
Ate here for lunch today. I had the sushi lunch sampler. Now I am throwing up and my stomach is churning. I would not recommend this place at all.
Bathrooms - place is for kids can't reach sink or soap nice
Fucking killer. Best poutine, great burgers and steamies. Cock rings in the downstairs bathrooms AND a pay phone? SHIT IS ON LOCKDOWN.
Outstanding customer service! Will definitely be visiting them again. Came on a recommendation from a friend and so glad I followed through.
Not the cheapest storage facility, but it's well-maintained:  it's clean, well-secured, and convenient.  Best of all, the guys who work at the front are always friendly and helpful.
I been Here like many many time ,Love the salmon belly So fresh And THE oyster!Serious sooo good!really like to Come here after work good mood FOR that !
Gas here is always a little cheaper than the surrounding Circle Ks. \n\nBut you are in for the worst bathroom experince of your life...\n\nThat is all.
They have $1 black jack tables. But be prepare to play with people that splits 10s.
This place is great. You get way too much food for your money, and ever part of it is delicious.
Love Barneys the brand...and their other locations, but this store lacks good people and their customer service is awful.
Great selection for inexpensive wigs. The staff is very helpful and the older asian women is hilarious
Customer Service is outstanding. The ladies are all attractive. Great selection when hiring them.
i went here today for the first time in years.\n\na quote keeps circling my head.  \n\n\"even the mob left vegas\"\n\n....yeah.
Standard hookah bar. Crowded. Looked like they had picked up random pieces of furniture from Goodwill that I was afraid of getting bedbugs from.
Christian is on point. Food is amazing. When I am impressing people, I bring them here.
Great Vegan oatmeal pancakes, yummy and clean smoothies and really nice people. cute cafe, but a little small. The food is super clean and really delicious!
i fuckin love hot dogs.\n\nwhen i'm drunk, I FUCKING LOVE hot dogs even more.\n\nbecause of nathans, i was able to drink.. a lot more.\n\ngood lookin out.
I spent an hour in this place and came out smelling like charred, ground beef.  And no one was even cooking anything!  Will definitely not return.
I will not eat anywhere that serves instant potatoes. That tells me the owners do not care about the product they serve. Just my peeve.
Great location! This place is very friendly. They have alot of machines and free weights! Classes are AMAZING!! Great for Kids also! Must come and check it out!
Deliciousfoodandspecialperkownerblendsexoticteasfortraditionalmedicinalpurposes.
100% hard core get it done in 10-20min!  No pain no gain baby!  Yes go it's worth your dollars and time for the results.
This place is one of the few regrets I have about no longer drinking. A cozy little bar that reminds me of San Francisco...
The smoked meat makes Katz's look like lunchables
douchebag hipsters and over makeup'd 20 something ladies smoking cigarettes on (and blocking) the sidewalk and saying LIKE every 4th word; awful clientele.\nTransphobic establishment; avoid.
Tried the BBQ chicken today... excellent, smokey, tender and mmm good. \n\nI'm just sayin.
I actually saw the show a few years ago when it was at the Rio Hotel and let me tell you, this guy is actually better than Michael Jackson!
The staff working in the company are not professional, unfriendly and arrogant. They are ruining the business' reputation that the owner has tried very hard to establish.
The customer service staff here are extremely helpful.    They have gone out of their way in the pass to make sure my packages are received.
I hate this place.  When can we go back?
DO NOT GO HERE. I bought a groupon for window tint for 3 windows and they said the cost would be double what I paid for. SCAMMERS
For me and my posse, this place is a one star. For hooknasties and hambones, it is a 5 star. So, use your judgment.
Freshest sushi in Chandler.  Good service, great food.
Sorry, this is a no from me.\nI wanted to like, but I no like. Dirty dining area, tasteless food.\nSorry..
Maybe too spoiled with pho quality in California but I wasn't feeling the broth here. BUT it did help my unbearable hangover so that was nice.
do not shame your company by recommending deke's air conditioning service. i have never spoken to such a rude and unprofessional character ever!
Received A+++ service from Derek Martindale. He was very polite, honest and thorough. Will be using this company again in the future!
Its a smoothie place.  White people love smoothies.  Girls were super nice and they take coupons!
Just had another great house cleaning from Superb Maids.  Their people worked so hard and everything looked great.\n\nThank you So Much!!
Let's be honest. No matter what I write, is it REALLY going to affect your decision to visit the only Tim Hortons in the terminal?
An impressive selection of food including sushi at a very reasonable price. I am particularly fond of the grill selection
You are a bagel place - how do you not have plain shmear? Whoever is ordering inventory needs to get retrained.
Pizza is amazing! Crust is awesome and the staff is super nice and very polite. Coming back for sure!
Our server was really nice. Half lean, half fatty + black cherry soda. \nBetter than Katz's. ^^
Makin a deposit, I mean it's a bank. They all look the same to me, and this one is a nice enough to keep a few quarters in..
This place is stinking up Port Credit with it's smoking area on the sidewalk.\nThey shouldn't be allowed to have chairs in front of the store on the sidewalk.
Ah Timmys! \nGood coffee. Great donuts. Friendly service. Fresh breakfast. 99c ice caps. All under 10 bucks. Nothing more to say except for 'HELL YEAH'
Jack's is awesome. Good Nails, pedicures, eyebrows, everything!
The only problem I have with Luke AFB is the women's restroom at the BX is- and this is an understatement, disgusting. \n\nOtherwise, A+
Came to this store it said opens at 11am waited here till 11:35 and never opened.  A little disappointed cuz im from cali.. Not cool..
You get what you pay for.
Everything about this place is awesome... Minus the everclear lol. Great drink prices and a kick ass staff! What more do you need for an awesome Vegas exp
Waaaaaaay too much smoke in the Casino, yuck!\nAnd very, very low ceilings - very claustrophobic :(
The buffet here is the most disgusting food I have ever ate in my life, and I served in the military. I would not give this to my dogs.
Garlic butter Pamesan wings way over cooked super dry and crunchy..... French fries most were black and way over cooked as well... Huge disappointment
Rolled into the drive-thru to grab a bit of breakfast.  This location was efficient and friendly enough.  My McGriddle, hash brown and coffee were delicious.
Get drunk.  Go to Panini's.  Eat a massive sandwich.\n\nI love the bread, the meat, the fries and the coleslaw all on one enormous, sobering sandwich!\n\nhttp:\/\/www.paninisgrill.com\/l-warehouse.html
Bad massage they don't know what massage is she just put lotion and no massage they don't understand English what ever u ask them no answer
4am.... drunk..... need food......it's cold outside = PHO!!!!\n\nGranted I was wasted, but I really enjoyed my pho. That's all  i remember. :)
Yep, I'm a fan.\nYes it is super clean. \nFanflippintastic selection of everything! Toys, toys, toys! Best prices too!\nIf you need it they got it here..
Great nite fabulous food completely ruined by the owners ignorance as we exited this stereotypicly authentic Italian restaurant.
I love Rocket Fizz's selection of candy and soda. The options are endless. Prices are a little higher than average but they sell items most stores don't.
Customer Service, Professionalism, Quality and Care is what you get with Rocky Mountain...
Coffee is amazing! Jalapeño cheddar bagel with garlic Sriracha cream cheese is the jam!
If you go here and they actually get your order right, go play the lottery because you're beating the odds.
Great Eggs Benedict. I got the Florentine and my gf got a Classic Benedict. Overall good food.
average food. but then again you can't find a decent ayce sushi in sauga. 3 star because it's better than yes sushi ....
Bait and switch.  They'll let your children participate in creating a craft and then charge you to keep it.
Great Chinese takeout.\nLow prices, large portions, fast and excellent quality!\nEverything is good. \nWhatever you order, be sure to get some Crab Rangoon.
Nicole at the omelets station is the best part of the buffet she is excellent and always smiling
Great spot to take a piss after you've had too much to drink.\n\nDon't be a fool and actually gamble here.
Based on service, cuisine and originality alone I would back Matt up in a knife fight any day.
OK, they raised the price on the $3.33 bowl to $3.79.  Still a great value!
Sales people and staff in the actual store are amazing. The phone end of customer support, service and repair and credit are no bueno.
Damn good.  Fist time here.  It's very similar to a place I go to in Fort Worth, TX.  Sit outside if it's nice and cool out
This place is great for the hard to find items....excellent prices as well. The owner has an awesome haircut and is extremely helpful xD
i dont think i'll even give a star.  stayed here one time about 4 years ago for a damn conference thing...hated it...service and etc.  rather stay at circuscircus
Just called for pricing on root touch up color...$75.00..Are ya kiddin' me?
WHYY WHYYY WHYY!!!\n\nMy favorite shakes in the whole world and its closed.. \n\n*sadface.
Friendly, fast and my drive thru Starbucks experience. Ever. I know, don't judge...
Loads a fun and you can spend lots of cash.\n\nWe took kids 10 and 7 year olds and they had a blast.  4 hours $115.00
Went to the Observation Deck which was a great view but unfortunately the city looks kinda like a giant waste dump. Oh well. I don't live here so whatever.
Duh... what a wasteland of crappy products. Gift card forced me to pop by (in disguise).
All I will say is, I am super happy a place like this with them level of customer service, is down there way from my house...
A unique space with white leather sofas and a long white bar. Unique cocktails and very nice champagnes by the glass. Very hip Soave...
Jonathan mahr is the baddest dude on the planet! Figuring out this intricate system of gaming would have been an absolute impossibility without him!
great stouts!!!!!!! Food is awesome, service so\/so, place is clean, and has really cool decor. I'd visit again.
I'm sitting in this restaurant right now... My sushi still hasn't come... Here's an optimistic 3 star rating assuming the food is good.
Nice, clean co-ed gym. Great staff and a better-than-average clientele. Open 24 hours. Would be 5 star if it had a pool...
A nice campus minus the fat slob security guard who gets a zero in human relations. Maybe offer him some free courses.
An Ice Cream Haiku:\n\nWelcome back dear friend.\nYou're just in time for summer.\nYum, waffle cone, yum.
If you have never been before you should really try harder... Your mother taught you better than that. Go and buy a smoked pecan paleta.
Hayden was super funny, helpful and had great attitude ! Love the build your own pizza ! AND BOMB LEMONADE !!!
Enormous suites but poor interior decorating. Great service. Beds are heavenly. The hotel and lobby itself is beautiful.
Consider yourself warned!! This is as low-class as it gets. Hookers in the parking lot, drug addicted dancers and a white trash rude manager.
This is definitely the nicest Wendy's ever ! flat screen tv , check, leather seating check, fireplace  check... what a nice ambiance for a fast food joint!
If I could give ZERO stars I would. We tried four different tacos and all were disgusting. Hardly edible and cold . Worst experience. It was a joke.
Love Sharonview it's the best bank on this planet.
Worse Deliver option in the industry. 1 mile radius..\n\nHope you fail.. Your sandwiches are just average...
I found the hygienist, Leah, to be excellent; friendly, warm, knowledgeable and professional.  Sam
Wowie!! Try the Rueben it's too die for . Thick slabs of pastrami , cheese and a delicious rye bread.
I would prefer my grade school cafeteria staff instead of the goof troop crew they have on payroll. Good entrees and good drinks though. Desserts need some work.
This place is great.\nI come here often.\nGet the chicken pecan salad.\nDont get the gyro skillet.\nLarge portions, very affordable. Good service.
From the friendliness of the staff at the counter, to the atmosphere, the equipment and wow this is by far the cleanest gym I've ever been to.
Delicious food, Awesome Customers Service,, and Delicious Food.  Oh, I already said that.  lol.  You can go and taste it yourself.  Yummy.  I\"m addicted :)
it's sad these women pass for stripper worthy in cleveland. rotund is the word. and this is a black stripper club fyi.
2 Soft Taco Supreme\n1 Cheesy Chili Buritto\n1 Pepsi with lots of ice\n\nThe best. The absolute best.
Worst service. After being sat way later than our reservation time, our party was Forced to sit in separate tables because they did not have a table\nAvailable to accommodate.
I'm am in love with this stuff!!! I haven't even had this thing for 4 hrs and hate my Marlboro's already. I should be smoke free in no time!
I have sent two messages requesting a quote and he hasn't even bothered to respond.
Small sushi restaurant.\n\nThey have Lunch Special combo.\n\nI have tried few times. Pretty good. \n\nNothing bad against.\n\nThey also have an order menu, which you can choose by yourself. Not expensive.
In Vegas there's is very few bars that pour Guinness correctly! This is not one of them.. feeling annoyed.. What a disgrace to Guinness drinkers
Great pub!!!!!! Love it and the fact that the Vig Rig gets you home
Branch manager assisted me in opening an account and proactively providing crucial information. Services are great here and the interest rates are competitive.
Convenient, courteous and professional with Owner Chris close by to answer any questions. Never overcrowded. Only serious enthusiasts need apply. Best gym I've ever attended!
The pizza was mediocre as was the cheesecake. The chicken tenders were good too. The delivery took a little while. Eh.
Company was great, servers will cock block but only in the best way...and always service with a smile. I highly recommend sitting restaurant side.
Horrible..!!! Just one word.. Didn't like the food at all. Fell sick after eating the crappy biryani .\n\nThis is not the franchise of bawarchi..
If you like loud annoying hip hop music, go for it. The food is off too. Never goin back.
This location has a friendly staff that is very efficient! The pizzas are tasty and the preparation area clean. You can't beat the price.
I WANT ONE IN LOS ANGELES.\nNOW.\nBEST PLACE EVER.\n\neasy going. great meat. fresh bread. juicy steaks. delicious. \n\noh my childhood was awesome. \ni miss home.
This place is THE BOMB! Quick work, was in and out in literally 5 min, and my watch fits like a charm! Shout out to Marcus. Good work brotha!
Overpriced Crappy Chinese Buffet.  Enough said.
This place was once decent. The cups and silverware were dirty and the food was subpar. There were also fruit flies flying around our table
Huge, well-organized, and cheap.  Like me!  Except for the well-organized part.
Skip it.... There are much better options out there!  The \"hot\" food was NOT hot, and the flavor was only mediocre at most.
Love my apartment here at the Cortesian.  They are constantly making upgrades and improvements to the common areas.
wow this place is good! I don't understand why they put orange slices in your water but it doesn't matter because their stuffed chicken wings made my day!!!!
Awesome hookahs and I'm picky\nOutstanding management and staff\nJess was on point helpful n friendly \nFamily owned and operated
Worship seemed performance based trying to entertain the crowd.  Seemed like a social club church.  Very sad and disheartening.
I love this place. Really good Italian food. Espressos are yummy and their pizza is so awesome. Happy hour has good deals. Highly recommend
Apple Fritters the size of a UFO.\nWhen I'm stressed...Ronald's makes me feel better. \nYay for emotional eating and Ronalds!\n\nYum Yum.
I do not recommend this firm.  They are extremely unprofessional, incompetent, & rude. They don't return calls.
Good location. Way less busy than the main branch on Scottsdale Road. I am always  in and out very quickly.
Great service, good prices, reasonable turnaround, but best of all Huey is just the nicest most hard-working guy you could hope to find.
Not impressed!
Ok food. Expensive. Haven't had a very good experience, and I spent so much money, I haven't been willing to try again.
Great expertise. Top notch experience from the complementary Keurig machine to the very friendly and knowledgable staff. Makes going to the dentist something to look forward to.
I walk in at 7:30 the doors are open they let me pick my fish then tell me the don't cook after 7:30 nice doing business with you
Worst experience ever. Very bad service, not organized at all. Bad food quality.
WOREST customer service, and trying to just sell to get commission without care to customers need
Cute location. Not impressive food. Literally ordered one of each tacos and the nachos and they sucked. The chicken taco had a huge bone in it. Shitty
Who puts celery in chili?\n\nNo french fries?\n\nCarrot and raisin salad on the menu?\n\nCute old-fashioned decor, but really I just wanted to dust the place.
Great customer service! They really know their stuff! I love banking here! Thank you chase!
My new fave combo: strawberries, mango, and pomegranate seeds on the original frozen yogurt. ^FLUV^\n\nToppings were still fresh even when it was nearing closing time.
Great food,  beautiful atmosphere, very reasonable prices.   Tonight Joe was playing the guitar and he is amazing!  We will definitely be back!
Wtf!!! Where my biscuit??? Cheap owner n cheap freaking shit head!!! I'm pissassssssssssssssssssssssssjsjjsjshdhdhshsbsbbshshsbsbsbdndndj
The food is not that great and the staff is rude; especially Jay the manager who is always not helpful when something is wrong or distasteful!!
If you are looking to find a good gentle dentist, I would highly recommend Dr. Koerperick.
After posting my billing experience at Kobalt.  One dAy later my bank indicated a revised debit occurred.  I need to make the Public aware this occurred.
Perfect place to drunkenly grab a pizza during first fridays! So good! And definitely better than bianco because there isn't an insane wait with snobby hostesses! Go cibo!
I've been really happy so far with Invitation Homes. They're always prompt about fixing issues, are fairly easy to get a hold of, and have always been really nice.
Another great Butter's run. This is an awesome place for fresh, fresh, fresh OJ!!! The steelcut oats are also really great!\n\nGreat service, but no wifi.
$26 for a pound of wings?! I don't care if these wings were plucked from a golden goose. That's crazy.
Closed.  Nothing on website indicates this. We went there last week and there was a handwritten note that said closed for summer.
Limited seating and parking available, and the menu is so small they don't have a lot to choose from. They don't have orange chicken or something similar.
Nothing has changed. Still sucks! I should have read my own review before going back.
Anything on this menu that says \"green chile\" is going to be delicious.
i just loved the comment about the staff @ the canadian location having canadians accents in canada we just call it proper announciation.
All I'm gonna say is I was solicited twice to buy drugs within a 5 minute window. Someone needs to clean up this place.
Great stuff. Very friendly. Home cooking. What more could one want?
Terrible customer service. Owner has many lawsuits against him. Other bus companies are the same price but offer far better amenities (outlets, WiFi, refunds).
Food, ok. \n\nServices, ok. \n\nAtmosphere, sucks.  The decor is stuck in the 1970s, and needs a major overhaul.  Felt like I was sitting at a truck stop.
OMG LETTUCE IM GONNA DIE! \nNever eaten here but the only review cant be from some person who loves the food but is scared of lettuce.
If you want to be treated like crap, or like you are inconveniencing someone by ordering something then this is the place for you. TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.
Awesome internet service, and even better TV service for WAY cheaper than the competition. I am in Windsor Ontario and love my service.
best show ever\n\nto anyone who doesn't like blue man group\n\nfuck you
Andrea, Mark and Lorenzo did a great job!  Everything was clean and looked fantastic.  Communication prior to the appointment was excellent.
NEW...Mango Black Tea Lemonade\nHow could you run OUT of STOCK on something you are trying to promote as NEW?!?!\nSUCH BALLS...
With so many great recommendations, we have decided to spend our honeymoon parking in front of Aaron's. Will try to make it PG, but I can't make any promises.
I've been coming here for many years and the staff here have been amazing! They always make excellent decisions and make sure my mouth is top notch!!
As the recession has deepened, people's style of dress has declined in step; therefore, you can bring out your tasteless graffiti clad T shirts & fit right in now.
General Tso's chicken was amazing- best I have had for chinese takeout. Fast and awesome service. Made right when you order. Check this place out!
Kerry's is incredible best shopping experience ever bought the most amazing clothes for the hubby there. Fantastic quality can't wait to go back
Food not very good but people are nice. Some woman threw up on my wife's shoe while in line.
Did not have a great experience. I walked in for a trim and ended up walking out with really short hair. The stylist did not listen to my instructions.
4 years since my last visit and review of this place, and still have the WORST customer service ever.
Great and fast service. Took an extra look at my car to make sure it's running great. Thank you Shlomi
Very horrible workers order grilled cheese sandwich they weren't even cooked and stuff people in charge didn't give a flying fuck I'm never eating here again
I always have a great experience at this venue \nIt's down town and they have close and cheap\nParking near the venue
A five dollar cover at the door? I sure hope this church loses its 501(c)(3) tax-exempt status. \n\nThree stars.
Great dentist. He referred me to Dr. Iniguez, who rocks, then I came back for an implant. Great staff, very caring. And not bad to gaze upon, either.
Wasted my money in here a few times. Bad place to go if you want to buy anything interesting.
12 minute wait for a corn dog and a rendition of the english language I am unfamiliar with. Im sure the rats even stay clear of this place.
I noticed that the last review of this place was the 18th of this month.  Since then it appears that this place has now unexpectedly closed.
no thanks, cardboard is too high in fiber for me.\n\ntoo much fiber.  \n\n...you see where i'm going with this?\n\n....yep.
Hey Banana, Y U NO HAVE ARGYLE?!\n\nOtherwise okay.  It's Banana Republic in Crocker Park.
Bean Curd Sea Bass and Fried Rice from here is decent. \n\nService HELLA SUCKS here though!
This place is great if you have an AARP card. Cougars???? I think not. more like Camels and Lamas. The bar it self is cool though I guess.
Beware!!!! They overcharge at this cleaners. They advertise $1.99 per item but they charge $2 per item. I won't allow them to steal from me. I will not return.
Ehh...they bring you large ceramic plates with a little bit of food in the center. They call it \"New Age\" cuisine (aka money-saving cuisine).\n\nService was not so great.
We took a chance without any referral on this office and are pleased with the staff and treatment. I've had 3 different insurance and this office accepted each one.
Great tepan with a super fun chef! Way better than Benny's.
VEGAN doughnuts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nDefinitely better than traditional doughnuts. You won't feel nasty afterward. \n\nWe ended up getting the \"best\" of the best- Original doughnuts.\n\nYay!!!!
It was great as always great service and great food. Colin was the guy helping us we brought our friend here for the first time and she loved it!
This doesn't work!!!!!! I had about 26 sections and lost nothing!!!! Don't waste your time and money!!!
The thin bacon is very tasty but the tator tots are revolting. \n\nThey do not have freshly squeezed OJ. \n\nI think I kinda hate this place.
Antiquated and dirty. \nSnarky cashier. Inventory is 99% reduced nothing. \nSave your gas and go to your nearest Walmart or Target
Wow, what a place!  Incredibly comfortable seats, good food and an attractive environment.  \n\nThis is the way to watch a movie!  \nI'm in!
Great food, and service. I notified the management about the marquee misspelling.
Haven't ridden SE since the incident and graduated a few years ago and dennisi is still sending me harassing private messages via yelp?\n\nhmm... talk about the epitome of professionalism.
Front desk lady is nice nasty. Instructors are average at best. My daughter, who is a great dancer, was bored and unchallenged.
These people are AWESOME!\n\nThey got my title company the HOA info in 2 days.\n\nI LOVE these guys and wish they had ALL of the HOA's in the valley.
Happy to see this place closed down, needless to say.
Friendly staff, very clean office, great service and it doesn't hurt when you go to this dentist!
Called multiple times. Was put on hold for over 20 minutes. Employee over the phone seemed frustrated and not willing to help
Strange specialty food from Eastern Europe. If you like that stuff, it is great. I am not a fan but my friends who are love the place.
Great place for sushi and tepan - period. Not the \"high-end\" places but a rock solid place with lots of variety and good prices.
Love Pieology!  Great pizza and great service!  This is one of our favorite Sunday lunch places.
1. Nice facility.\n2. Parking all around, most $20.\n3. Clean. \n4. Lots of choices at the concession stands.\n5. Lots of security inside and out.
This is why i have trust issues LOOL\n\n  otherwise just a typical fish filet combo with cold fries and a busy establishment
Great food and great staff. Always get a side order on the extra spicy butter seasoning. It's awesome.
Yojie is def a shabu shabu place you want to try!  Clean and the food is bomb! Service is excellent! Def my new shabu spot in Las Vegas!
I received a wonderful massage from Mary.  In fact, I purchased a membership.  That sums up my experience.
18 or 20 for a haircut it all depends when i asked depends on what lenght? They said it just depends. I am mad confused son
Visited as a drop in and really enjoyed the workout. Will definitely come back next time I'm in town.
Yea. Had massive stomach pains at 2:30 AM after eating here. \n\nI hate this place.\n\nI seriously hate this place.\n\nThis place is what's wrong with the Pittsburgh dining scene.
Great service, Shawn really knew his stuff and was very informative.  Would recommend you come see these guys for your engines requests.\n\nMike
Never went this place before and it was very disgusting all the time, and it was a full line and crazy as well.
Fast, friendly and affordable. They also sell diesel fuel here. Gas pumps are newer and run smoothly. The store also has specials on hot dogs and soda.
This company is very unprofessional.\nWe have never come across such a poor operation.\nPlease be cautious.
Great place to be if you are not afraid to spend money at the tables. Limits are usually 25-50 on tables.
crap OVER PRICED education. Worst mistake ive ever made was getting into debt to go here.
Really sub-par electronic music. Great for scoring 'roids. Perfect if you like vodka\/redbull and hitting your girlfriend.
Great customer service! Took care of my vehicle in quoted time. Helped fix my brakes at a affordable price. I will be back.
Horrible work!!\nScratched my car trying to tell me it was already there.\nBroke a bumper clip\nBent my key for the car\nDidnt even fix the problem charged me 100$\nBs crew
Bomb!! \n\nBomb orange chicken... Not like weird\nMc nuggets covered in sauce. We order it extra spicy \n\nSzechuan beef so so\n\nBomb egg rolls \n\nBomb pot stickers \n\nBomb spicy mustard
Really REALLY impressed!\nQuick, efficient, reliable, really nice guys and a fraction of what I had been quoted elsewhere.\nThanks a lot, i'll be back!\nRichard
This place is ridiculous.... There's barely anyone in the bar, yet there's a huge line outside. Like hello... NOBODY IS IN HERE!!!!!!!! Let people in!!
They get 1 Star for their commercials and I think I speak for everyone in Wisconsin when I say I hope this terrible place files for bankruptcy.
Despite delivering to my house for the last three years, they have decided that 2.7 miles is \"too far.\" You guys suck.
The chicken curry is great!! Lots of parking space. Cute patio seating upfront. Good for quick lunch. Lots of options.
Great sushi!  My family and I love sushi and finding a spot in the Chandler area was tough until we found Hon MacHi!
It's Taco Bell.  If you really don't know about this place--then your problems are much bigger than anything this review will help you with.
I love this gym! Never to packed has all the \nEssential equipment. Now if I could just get my ars in there more often,slacking.
Awesome Pho !  The broth was incredibly complex , fragrant and delicious.  We will definitely be back to visit & try other items on the menu .
Now I remember why I stopped eating here. Extra onion shouldn't go on top of the cheese of your crunchy taco. It goes on top of the beef.
Poutine.\n\nNeed I say more?\n\nBut I can't be on cell phone in custom hall?\n\n\nWhaaaaa?\n\n\nPoutine this!!!
Great Chinese takeout.\nLow prices, large portions, fast and excellent quality!\nEverything is good. \nWhatever you order, be sure to get some Crab Rangoon.
A will review Shake Shack in the form of a Haiku:\n\nA Mushroom Burger\nWatching ratchets walk the strip\nPlease come to our state
Just had some of the driest f'n chicken with a side of customer service with an attitude.  Never again...
I honestly love this place. .great drinks great food staff is friendly. Will be returning love their drink list lil of everything.
Trendy douchebag hipsters who think they're better than everybody else.\n\nIf you are a superficial person then this place is for you.
I found a second SB location that makes the nitro cold brew with sweet cream!  This beverage is smooth, cold and so good!
The cute guy is gone.....the new male employee is not cute but he's friendly to the customers, which is important.
Best dentist this side of the Mason-Dixon Line! Excellent service and friendly staff.
Where else can you go and hear good music, consume cheap (and strong) drinks and enjoy some perfectly cooked fried chicken and catfish?
Their delivery has improved greatly. Everything's still top-notch.
It's a ballpark. \nWhat can I say?\nI rarely go here unless it's free and in a lodge ;)\n\nGO TEAM!
Conveniently located near good food and a Starbucks. This in my world is a \"trifecta of awesomeness.\"
Roast pig ftw! Crab puffs and bbq duck are happiness in mouth. Never want to leave Lee x2. Pickled veggies, so good. I am not original : - (
Would definitely come back to this place!\nSales person was really helpful. Love my new car!
Small time snowboarding, but the bloody marys at the bar is the BEST I have ever had!!!  They are so good, I would go back just for them!
Horrible service and bad food. My salmon sashimi was fishy and their California rolls tasted like something you would get from a convenience store. Do not go here!!!!!!
Cold(brrr) and expensive. We liked the mannequin in the front of the bar the best.
OK not great.  Nothing that significant to say that was bad about the experience, but comparatively not as great as other orchards (e.g. Door Creek).
Never give straight answers when you ask them a question, frustrating!!!
Well stocked, but they didn't have the Vicks infused tissues the wife has come to love. My favorite item is the Bowel Buddy biscuits.
Overpriced food truck type of food. Go to the restaurants across from them for the same price that serve real food not appetizers. Gimmicky.
The food wasn't very tasty. The bathrooms will make you leave and not even ask for your money back.
If you smoke like a chimney, shower in a toilet, and eat out of a trash can, this place is for you. What a dump.
Whatever the waitstaff puts in from of you, put it in your mouth. Yes everything is that good. \n\nGo. Eat. Be Happy. I could write more but why equivocate.
Good kine food\nGood kine music \n\nBut no can smile? Wheres the aloha braddah when u frown all day? \n\nShoots!
Tao is pretentious, cliche, and defeats the purpose of going to a club. Concentration camps have more space to move than this place. It is the hell of hells.
Paid $18 (including tax and tip) for the worst beef teriyaki (lunch special) on the planet. The miso soup was basically just salt water.
Faux-exposed brick?  Fuck you, Brocach.  Small menu but the food's pretty decent.\r\n\r\nupdate: I can't get an appertizer at 4 PM?  As the kids say \"omgwtf?!\"
This place is great!! The food rocks the service is perfect!! U have to try it, happy hr til 9 pm
The  restaurant inside is beautiful. But the food is absolutely disgusting if you want to taste real Hawaiian food, go somewhere else.
There is no a\/c  waiting area. But they have free vacuums. Cheap decent wash.  Worth it. I recommend going early to beat the heat if you get full service.
La la lovvvve their malasadas and garlic chicken!!! The one and only place that serves authentic Hawaiian food that actually tastes like it's from home. (aside from the Cal).
I only like going in here for the free gumballs from the machine.
$50 bottle of Henn.\nTotally amazing when you're drunk in Vegas, looking to get wasted.\nTotally regretful when you're sober at home, looking at the credit card bill.\nOh Vegas.
*** Wow, an architectural masterpiece on the strip! ***
we are now seasoned veterans from cincinnati, its the only place we know of when we are working in scottsdale.
Haven't seen a doctor here yet, just sitting in the lobby. wait time is ridiculous...I'm starting to wonder if I'm still sick.
Horrible place.  Save your money and dont waste your time.  Dont bother buying the poppera, they are old and ibe purchased several and all have been weak and crap!
Came in hoping to find a great brewery that was close to home, left with the fear of never leaving our bathroom.
Rob the man, what an excellent waiter. He fell all over to keep us happy. Great food too but Rob is the star here. Sorry PK!
Positive: a much younger crowd than the 24 closest to my home. Better people watching. \n\nNegative: crowded
Ridiculous wait time for 2= 2 1\/2 hours on a week day! Good but honestly the wait is a major turn off. Don't waste your evening.
Kind of like a one night stand, quick, dirty, cheap and you feel like crap in the morning.
What Happens in Vegas Stays in Vegas! (TM)\n***\n\nInsert sound of crickets
They put Miss Vickies chips in their batter!! I love them.
The only place in town that has better dogs than Pinkys. If you don't like this place, then go fuck yourself.
Absolutely disgusting!!!!!!! Wouldn't waste even $2 on their chips and salsa. Rude staff!!!!!
Never flying this lousy airline ever again. \n\nThey screw you over at every opportunity.\n\nI wish there was a way to give zero stars.
Excellent law firm- Judd is professional, courteous, hardworking and honest. Highly recommend.
The airport itself is fine but I give it a 1 because of Allegiant Air is the worst in customer service
Friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating.  Had the belt for my Hoover upright  on the peg board behind the counter.
Poor service and accommodations but Ok massage. Rude front desk. Hardly speak any English. Go elsewhere if you can. And also... Count your change.
Great neighborhood place!  \nHas bands, but the last time I was there the band got lost. \nNice people.  No trash.
Upscale Scottsdale hospital, lots of good looking nurses. Just saying. ;)
Went here in Aug, very cheesy. What you expect from Hooters, enough said.
i just got my CDL licence after attending Southwest Truck Driving School night class. It was very professional and enjoyable. Sure beats sitting at home and watching TV.
Woo hoo we really like norm Saba !
Rats! \n\nThis place is still around?\n\n4 out of 5 Kensington rodents agree that their brownies rule, though.
The food is good, the beer is good, John is an asshole though ; )
I've never been a donut person.\nBut Real Donuts could change all that.\n\nGood selection, incredible texture, delicate flavor, and very well-priced. \n\nGoodbye costly, conceited croissants. \nHello delicious, decadent donuts!
Got my food and saw a live sewer roach moving around on my sushi plate. I GOT THE HELL OUT OF THERE IN A BIG HURRY!!!!!!
Hey what do you know , I love this Gelato Spot almost as much as all the other ones!   It has yummy flavors that make me happy.
Ha.  Just saw my review from 8 months ago. Good hasn't gotten any better. I'm done with this place
First time here for 1st service of my vehicle. Not bad overall, but employees inside could use some additional training on friendliness.
GOOD...that's all you need to know. :D\n\nOh, also, space is limited inside but they do have to-gos and outdoor seating but it's crowded!
What an absolute...complete joke for \"law enforcement\".  You will get pulled over for going 3 miles an hour over the speed limit.  Beware of the speed trap
DONT BOTHER. Advertise that they don't charge extra for emergency services but when I called was told they do. SHADY.
Omg I love this place! Cheap and cheerful and just jokes! When I was in Vegas I simply had to stay here!
Good food but the people working there need to get some customer service training. It ruins the food. Sorry.
They have rocks on the sidewalk from parking their vehicles so close to it. It makes it difficult for strollers.
Store is clean, shelves are stocked and employee are friendly. This location is in a nice area and has a Minute Clinic and coupon kiosk.
I'm only going to comment on the casino and not the hotel itself.\n\nSo let me start with..... lame\n\nAnd let me end with... boring\n\nSorry...
Heard a lot of good things about this place, and that's why \ni went ......WOW the place is small and smelly !!! never going back again
Where is their menu online ANYWHERE?  I don't trust any establishment that doesn't have a menu online.  No particular need for prices, but we need a menu...
Bad music, slow service, disgusting overpriced drinks, and annoying patrons.  Definitely wouldn't come back if someone paid me to. I can't even drink this margarita.
This is by far my favorite Italian food in town. We eat here ALL the time, it is amazing, never had a bad dish, amazing bread and good service.
Run and hide! Bad service! 10-15 minute wait turned into an hour. They saw I had a baby and no remorse.
All I can say is...  I love you for existing and hate you at the same time. Sigh, I miss my skinny jeans ;)
boneless ribs\n\nboneless ribs\n\nribs without bones\n\nboneless ribs\n\nboneless ribs\n\nboneless ribs
Just wanted to add that it was only 6 days of having my nails & 2 broke off!\nUnbelievable
Uninspired! Very average. Staff very perfunctory. Eat here soon before it is gone. Ha!
.....aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand just like that it has closed for business.
Lashes for days and AMAZING work! Jessica is the best! She was fast and did an amazing job, they are beautiful and I just loved her! 100% recommend
The tamales are like I remember\n in Texas. It's funny, for Arizona being so hispanic heavy - the mexican food kinda falls short. But these tamales came through!!
We didn't notice the time and they stayed and prepared our food very graciously. The bartender Debbie was awesome. She great!!
they really need a security guard here at night. the crackheads are out in force and swarmed on me like the paparazzi
No real reason to review this establishment any more.  Always an excellent pie and great atmosphere \/ location.
Some of the best veg samosas I have ever had. The chicken biryaani was delicious as well.
Don't worry about the \"YELPER OF THE WEEK\" (photo)... Great spot! Want something you can't get at every other place in Phoenix? Come Here.
went to a wedding here today. nice digs. nice staff. i can't complain...i would potentially consider a wedding here...\n\nif i was to even marry
I am very picky about my nails and eyebrows, and Desert Nail Spa always does a perfect job every time! Thank You!
I do not mind their service because it is inexpensive for cell phone and home phone. But their customer service is not that good. But overall its ok.
I think most of these 5 star reviews were written before they actually went to the restaurant.
Such a great restaurant! Great food and great staff! Duc is a master! The deserts are works of art! Have the nicoise! Have really anything! It's all good!
Really great, comfortable, clean, and friendly. I hope to come back soon. I don't think I can get enough of her massages.
The ultimate professionals in every aspect of property leasing\/management- highly recommended!
\"Four Clucks\nUnder Four Bucks\"\n\nI sat in the parking lot, staring at that sign. As it turns out, I wasn't quite THAT hungry.
Great food, horrible service.\n\nGo to Sukhothai on Wellington for similarly great food, and great service.
Bring your hotel map. And bring a flashlight. \n\n1. The map will help you find the door out.\n\n2. The flashlight will help you light your room.
Place is infested with rats I live next door see them coming from there a lot I would not recommend this place to anyone
Nice staff, good food, open late. Where else can you get something like this late night? Ignore Matt, he's fat.. the portions are perfect ;)
Very nice store - staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Good and wide range of yarn and supplies. Not cheap but this is not Dollar General sweetheart.
These guys are awful.  Spent 12k...fired them. Public defender did way better.
Not much too choose from, but the sugar bun was OK.  Their samosa are very spicy (red chili) and tasty.  Not a huge variety of items for sale.
Best boba on campus. They're really good with accommodating special requests. Desserts are  too. Great customer service and lots of cute workers.
Nourriture extra mais pas beaucoup d'oeufs pour un brunch. Et 1h30 d'attente c'est excessif.
Bums. \nPotle is potle. But you'd think the meat is coming out of their own paycheck. \nMakes me feel obligated to get lemonade in my water cup.
Ice Rink: \n\nFailure on so many levels...\n\nJust say no to hype for subpar attractions!
Found an insect in my Chalupa. Don't eat here unless you're training for fear factor.
Cool people working there, fun flavors!  This is going to be a constant stop all summer long!  Next trip I'm going to try a Snow Shake!
Please don't miss this place when you are in Las Vegas! Best Pizza ever and we are New Yorkers!!! Service is top notch! Thank you Rachelle...you rock!!!
Who dumped the sugar bowl into the sauce pot?
Every dish is unique - succulent with every bite. The cocktails are strong and absolutely tasteful! By far the best new restaurant in town.
Unorganized.. Spent $100 to see fabolous and he's there for twenty minutes in a different room than security said he'd be in. Smh. 2\/5
Instead of writing a review, I'm going to post a video of me wringing out a measurable amount of oil from a donut from TBC.
If you don't come here you're stupid and probably don't deserve the great service and delicious food.
when did the makeover occur?\n\nfor such a classy-looking place, you sure do attract the douchebags.\n\ni'm being sarcastic.\n\nto roulette: thanks for the money!  actually, thanks for dinner!
My experience was fantastic. I've been searching for affordable-authentic sushi special spots in TO.\n\nThe @waitress was from Hiroshima or Nagasaki...\n\nI just said: f... those gringos
Someone was stabbed there last night. That lead to a brawl between 20-30 people. The security is obviously not adequate.  No thanks!
I have a Property Management business and rely on A1 every time. They are dependable, honest and het the work done in a timely manner. Will continue to use.
Joseph is the bomb dot com! \nThis place is awesome!!!\nYou definitely need to try their Midori Sour!
Super slow and the staff are not trained enough. Every time I order a drink I need to wait for fifteen minutes, insane
Avoid coming here under ANY situation . Its like the devils waitingroom. And trust me ... you will be waiting quiet some time
...and this chit-hole is still open??  WHY???  Must be so the gang-bangers have a place to conduct target practice.
I dont care about the wait. It's part of the experience. I have nothing more to say that hasnt already been said.\n\nBOTTOM LINE: Show up late, cut the wait!
Awesome spot for NFL football on Sunday. \nThey have plenty of TVs to get all the morning games on. \nSomeone even mentioned that it was a Dallas Cowboys bar.
I went from saying \"Thank god it's Friday\" to saying \"this is the worst diarrhea I've ever had\" on Saturday.
I ordered 7 items and only received 5. FAIL! Now one of my kids has to go hungry tonight. Thanks Taco Bell.
Awesome place. It has the Korean in a modern era kind of place. Love it! Music, ambiance and food... What more could you ask for?  this is haven!
Cute set-up with plenty of seating and dessert sizes and options.  Come and checkout this new icy treat technology.  It's cool and delicious.
Decent food that's quite reasonable and pretty good.  They have a prime rib special from 4-8p everyday and it's $13 for 8 oz. and $16 for 16 oz.  Woop!
You're upsetting me, Pacific East. Just really fast and easy with the service. Rolls are getting loose. You're getting the qualities of a significant other I never want...
Lazy Lazy Lazy and slow PERIOD.\nI've been waiting 30+ days now to receive my licence which they said would take up to 30 days...
Good and honest people I have been using their services for the last 7 yrs and I recommend it to my friends with no let down.
Location: 4 Star\nManagement: 5 Star\nAndrea (Rooms Division Manager) was very helpful and professional.
well... i rarely made it out of the hotel room, but when i did, i got propositioned several times. Highly recommend. A++++++
I think Costco's alcohol selection is superior to the selection here. That's all I need to write for the purposes of this review.
Went through here on my way from the fountain to Joel Robuchon. I can't wait to stay here; it's amazing.
Please send me the proper link to guest service so I can tell you more about my bad experience thank you
This hotel gets 3-stars for the area. But the hotel is great! Fremont street is (if you're from California) like Venice beach on crack.
They really do have some of the best pizza.. it's the sauce and and the pizza crust.  They usually have deals going on
Amazing.  Incredible.  Pure delight.\n\nLove Ghirardelli.  Highly suggest the Seasalt Caramel Sundae or Shake.  Both are amazing.\n\nTreat yourself.  You've earned it.\n\nYum.\n\n5 stars!
Ambiance is cool, but the crepes are hit-and-miss. I've had crunchy crepes here as well as delicious soft fresh ones. Their menu could use a revamp.
R you guys serious? This is the worst pizza... It's like petesfish and chips every one is stuck on it and it's out right nasty...
First time patient, got an aggressive treatment plan. Was very glad I got a second opinion. Would not go back or recommend to others.
Nice people, unfortunately six months ago they did away with all the Funko pops. \n\nLocated by South Point, behind Shell gas
Disgusting. The food was unacceptable, and the staff was even worse. They got our order wrong, they were crazy rude. We will never be back.
A-OK...  \n\nThe good.......Very tasty, big portions, traditional Jewish fare, to-go counter or table service.  Artery clogging yumminess. \n\nThe bad....kinda pricey, very slow service...wallet emptying boredom.
Terrible Billing Dept!!!! They lost my lousy $6.58 payment and put me through Hell trying to prove it was paid - Total IDIOTS
A1 did a great job on repairing my garage door. They were on time, friendly, and stuck to the original estimate
If want to avoid a crowd at Queens,  or any university for that matter,  come on a national holiday,  lol.
Quick and fast Chinese food.  The food court is nothing glorious but you come to get your Chinese food craving satisfied when your short on time.
After multiple purchases over the years & service I've reached the end of my rope.  I refuse to be over charged again.  Customer beware
Pizza ok and definitely not worth the wait...NO TAKE OUT SERVICE really guys come down off your HIGH HORSE.
Take a downtown hotel. Move it to the South end of the strip. Fill with Hooters waitress rejects from six states. Offer $3 blackjack. Invite douchebags. Profit.
If I wanted to go to a club like this I would've just drove to San Jose.. FOR REALS.
Well been twice now and unable to actually try any food. Waits are horrific and they do not take reservations. Get with it people...
I got here a couple hours before it closes and they were too lazy to work today. Completely wasted my time and im happy not to give them business.
staff 5 star, service 5 star, management 5 star, loft\/units 4.5 star, location 5 star, amenities 4.5 stars... this place rocks!
Cozy little cafe\nPrices are good and wow the mocha crappy is amazing. And their cannolis are bomb
Very over rated.\nAnd why is Yelp telling me this is a \"hot new business near me.\"\nThis location has been open for two years!
This place is absolutely terrible. Long lines that move once every five minutes. Service is extremely slow and inefficient.
Terrible service. Have to pay to change to something cheaper. Servers dont even know how to speak english.
Too expensive \/ over priced for their food quality. Service was OK. But we will not recommended to anyone.
The prices have ridiculously gone up and the portions extremely small.  Will not be back ever again
Denny's quality food with Las Vegas quantity prices.  Pass.
Love this store you almost got everything here.. except for sweet kikkoman soy sauce which was strange coz they got like 20 different soy sauces.. very nice personal too!!
On time and great service! Little on the pricey side though. I had my service done over a year ago and have had zero issues.
Best building department in southern nv.  The others dont compare to the ease of getting a permit to do a job.  COH is proactive!
The people that work here apparently are your enemies from another life. \n\nThat's how they act.
The food was fantastic. Great service! Price for the area is good.
Pro: \n1 star=Cheap rates \n\nCons:\nSlow counter service \nRan out of cars\nSmelly cars\nSlow check-out \nWasted an hour of my life
This is a great casual restaurant.  Great food with service to match.  You will not leave hungry.
I would give them negative ratings if possible, they are rude specially John, he was rude and condescending. No business ethics, don't care about customers and arrogant.
Step 1: search for \"salty\" in the Yelp Reviews for B&B\nStep 2: search for another restaurant\n\nYou are welcome.
Thanks for this unauthorized Panda Express, so I can have chinese food for lunch everyday now
Oh yeah, this place absolutely blows. I'll enter in a new reason (though all mentioned are perfectly valid): Limited Clint Eastwood selections in the movie department. Fie!
If 0 stars was possible that would be their rating. Too smokey nasty environment and nothing other than gambling to keep you there.
I swear they put crack in the coffee why else would we crave it morning, noon and night.
Finally a great Coney Island style restaurant w\/ some southern sole! Great selection and the food is excellent. Friendly service and fast! A must try for the area.
Another local place that's just ok. Not bad but ok. I've had burgers, salads and chicken sandwiches here. They were tasty but not anything to write home about.
Sorry Keven,...your weakness is still communication.  Kim, I'm waiting for three weeks.
Way overpriced for the food they have to offer.  Another fairly interesting location brought down by an over-priced, under-whelming menu.  Disappointing.
Not worth the waiting,\nand they let our girls in first.\nPretentious bastards!
I love this place. Great customer service. The guys there had me laughing. I will recommend this place to anyone and everyone.
Love this car wash, they provide wet towels, free vacuum service, free matt cleaning machine and a variety of car wash services.  I like this place a lot.
They try way toooo hard to be something they are not.....Kinda like the girls you see wearing Juicy sweat pants in public with knock off designer hand bags!
This place beats all other poke in the area!! So good and so fresh and not stingy on the sides!!! Highly recommend !!'n
...the fact that they lock the one door at night and atoll need 2 armed guards only makes it more adorable.
What is with the self absorbed dude in the ads on the billboards. Is he trying to get a date or promote a business?
In my opinion, there are only two places in this town to get ice cream: Sweet Republic and Churn. Otherwise, save yourself the calories. You're welcome.
Poor service, first tattoo appointment soon be, if need to re-tattoo, the earliest six months later, poor attitude
We had our catalytic converter stolen in their parking lot. Management told us it's\"park at your own risk\"
Went in, grabbed a charger, got a discount because Yelp, and got out. Super nice and friendly guys. Prices aren't bad either.
These guys rock! Great customer service, best deal I could find anywhere. I will definitely be back.
Horrible food ! Dirty ! Defiantly the worst food I've ever had ! I went here with my family  and we were all disappointed !!
Bought my Vizio 55 inch from them. Lowest price anywhere including the internet. Super nice staff.
Waiting,  waiting,  waiting. Don't they have staff.\nStaff standing around doing nothing. This sux.
\"it's a celebration bit$*es!\" this place is one of my spots!! awesome happy hour and great people. great food!
Michael Jackson makes for surprisingly good music to eat their food to.
Duck in a Can, foie gras dishes, poutine, venison tartare. \nMost delicious meal we had while in Montreal.
I've never had a shopping \" experience\" ANYWHERE... I get my shit and I leave, end of story.
Be aware. There is an extremely limited menu.\n\n3 pastas\n2 sauces- marinara or sausage \nAnd 2 baked items, that's it..
Great service. \n\nQuicker recoil than any other shop I called. \n\nSaid mower would be done Monday and it was. \n\nI will return here to purchase a new mower.
rectangular space\nhand chopped steak medium rare\nlonging, revisit...
Take out tonight; 2 pasta dishes to go. \n\nProbably could've put each $11 Entree's contents in a red solo cup.\n\nWeak and wont be back.
This place is overrated,  the food is NOT authentic at all.  California is where the real Mexican food is.
I don't know how you could justify a 3 hour wait for pizza.  I guess it's like Flavor Flav said, \"Don't, don't, don't, don't belive the hype!\"
Closed on a weekend afternoon for a \"private party\" with no mention on their website. I guess money talks, but we won't be back.
Tiffany never brought my water. I asked seven times.\n\nI was only here for karaoke.
Way way way too loud- full of Chagrin Falls idiots- the food was pretty good I guess( just not the fish tacos)
Always professional and friendly. My family and I have been coming here for years. We've mainly seen Dr. Tuttle and Dr. Oehme.
If you dig strippers that try and blackmail you to pay for two lap dances when you only had one, well this is the place for you... Good luck!
Good food, great service. Lunchtime deal is a bargain, and you still get all the yummy, crispy homemade chips and salsa you can eat.\nGGGGOOOOAAAAALLLLLL
Off strip casino, supposedly 'where the locals go' but the machines were tight so I think that's just an urban legend. Dirty and very very smoky. Sketchy clientele.
Make sure call him before you go there be there before time he is a nice person and great Tinted Techntion . I would recommend this place..
Went to get my eyebrows waxed and tinted today. This was the end result. The technician was very nice but I felt like I needed to share my results.
Great company to work with. Would definitely recommend to a friend. Zachary and Jordan went above and beyond in meeting our needs. Thanks you guys!
Over priced items that they basically steal from desperate teenagers. The girls that work here are snooty and act like they have a stick in there ass!
Amazing Company! Great to rent from. Have not had any problems with them. The employees are very nice as well. Will recommend to family and friends.
This place is terrible. \n\nThey use no fruit and all ice and water. Very disappointed.\n\nThe girl at the register was nice but the drinks is terrible.
Love this place! Great place to stock up on some meat & alcohol lol
This place is awful awful awful...I was excited to try them out because I love hole in the wall authentic food but this was just bad : (
Awesome place!!! New and modern and cheap drinks staff is great too... New karaoke system
OK....so it's a bona fide feed trough.  Better to bring your avarice and appetite here, and get a few veggies.
Coffee: meh. Food: eh. \nI come here for the eye-candy, Zac Efron lookalike barista. Yeeeeoooowww! (hey, are you 18?)
Thank you Eric for your fast and professional service visit. I will explore my options but certainly  recommend this company.
I have never been laughed at by a salesperson! I'm not sensitive, I am a seasoned western rider and am shocked at the lack of knowledge and customer service.
Shady's lives up to its name.  The first time I was here I left after witnessing a knife fight and before the police helicopter arrived.
Drinks are just ok.... if you don't mind listening to music with profanity blaring. Fuck , shit, ..  Not a place for kids .
Peanut.\nBuster.\nParfait.\nThe.\nEnd.
Two words:\n\nElectronic Bull.\n\n\nYee haw.
Found this place by accident visiting Vegas the food was phenomenal. If I'm ever in Vegas again I would definitely recommend checking this place out
They don't even really deserve even half a star. They weren't even busy and they rushed through the whole thing.
Just called them to revise a prescription for me and the receptionist was sunny, patient (I'm terrible on the phone) and helpful. Everything just keeps getting better!
Good job Phoenix you made something that sucks worse then the Arizona Center!
I've visited this location twice. Both times they were out of donuts...\n\nThe guy was nice enough, but really? You're a donut shop with no donuts. Only in Vegas lol.
You ever go to a bar and say \"let's get the nachos...you can't f*ck up nachos!\" Well Gabby's can. It's so sad how bad the food is here. -Fin-
This was my second time using their service department.  I've always been treated very well and my car is always ready before their estimated time.
My plate tasted like char. \nI'm never coming here again. It tasted so strongly of char that I had to cover the entire thing in hot sauce.
I simply asked him if he prefers female clients, and his response was offensive.. didn't book with him.
Unfortunately it was recently sold and is no longer the wonderful gem it once was. Very sad.  Don't waste your time or money here.
Their lady security guard is very rude, she would not allow me to grab a shopping cart. Per her words she said \" these are not for you.......\"
They do a great job at an extremely reasonable rate. It is clean, comfortable and inviting. I've always done walk-ins and have never had to wait.
I've always thought it was only a  step above CoCo's.    Confused with the success.  Samo samo,,,   yawn.
The grilled pork bun is, hands down, my favorite dish in Charlotte! Vietnam Grill is spotless and the staff is so friendly.
this is a newer, cleaner location.\n\ntheir agua frescas are very good. get the cheese crisp! delicious simplicity!\n\nfree chips and salsa if you dine inside!
Is there some campus tradition where every one goes to Quality and pisses on everything?
Go see a man named Ratna.. He knows his Hondas and I bought my fourth honda from him. AMAZING SERVICES!!! KEEP IT UP GUYS..
Littering our neighborhoods with their illegal signage and defacing public art on top of that. I wish their advertising tactics were as clean as they say they make carpets.
This place is a 100% adrenaline Rush! Definitely an awesome experience for a large party! Went with my guys at my bachelor party! Definitely Recommend!
Laser skin treatments and smiling faces! Gotta love it!
Only submitting this review for the 50 dollar off promo code. Furniture quality is disappointing. Service is terrible. A lot of attitude from the customer reps.
always a good time here. Great place to grab a drink and hang out. Bartender Dabin served us at the bar and she was really fun.
Don't waste your time! I get better customer service at Target !!! If you are going to advertise and use Groupon then know how they work .
This location was much bigger then others I've shopped at with more variety. Very clean store, great prices an more. Sign up for their app to receive extra deals.
YES to the cakes. \nYes to the pastries.\nYes to the croissants.
I received an email today to congratulate me on my credit increase!  A credit increase after only 90 days!  Thank you Credit One!
Pretty cool old video game store. It smells awful inside though. A video game players paradise is a moldy basement.
So, where to begin?\nDumb theme. \nSlow service. \nBad manager. \nMediocre food. \n\nAll done.
They're the only pho place open past 8:30  very accommodating and polite workers ! Will definitely be back .
Got the tasting course menu, with the foie and wine. I almost passed out because the items were so good. GET THE FOIE. GET THE FOIE.
Nice spot has a great menu and is super clean. Great music to set the mood for a great time. Best private rooms in Vegas.
BOOOOOOOOOOOOO (inhale) BOOOOOOOOO
Decent pastries, slow service,  below average ambiance.  Nothing more to say.  Drove from the strip because of yelp. Yelp fail.
A high end eyeglass boutique that also sells high end sunglasses, like Maui Jim's.
This girl told me to leave bc I didn't buy a dance... I paid for three dances for my friends. What the f.
Great service from our server, but there was an annoying employee obnoxiously singing opera constantly as we dined.
Bridgettte, did a wonderful job on my husband's haircut and shave!  We highly suggest visiting her.
Very smooth and creamy texture. The homemade waffle cones are very thin and have a hint of saltiness. Excellent frozen custard.
I drove 30 minutes to come and give this place a try. Store hours say 10am-9pm but when I arrived the store was closed. Waste of my time
I feel like the guy who helped is was really rude and sarcastic...not friendly what so ever.
Friendly and fast service. Store is clean and have all the Cold Stone flavors your used to. Best creation is the Founder's Favorite.
Can you play some Breaking Benjamin? More Alt Rock please and less of those banjo sounding ones lol.
Low payouts, dingy. Extremely sketchy clientele (usual station client base of low IQ gambling addicts)\n\nAbysmal comps and indifferent employees.
I bet a baby diaper that has been defecated in tastes better than this frozen food crap.
totally sick and disgusting - horsemeat\nhow sick can a human being be, eating horse meat? has to be a new low!!!
Just disappointed .
Rude Staff.. I just called to make an appointment and the receptionist is a RUDE LADY.
Nice staff but completely unwhelmed by the food.  For the prices, the food was very \"eh\".  This was a first & last visit for us.
My standards are extremely low. 5 stars. Great place to eat if you have extremely low standards.
PUT THE SAME SIZE SHOES IN THE APPROPRIATE BOXES...and when you absolutely fail to do so please refund my credit card in a timely (not 14 days) manner.
Every once in a while, I'll find something nice at this location....but more often than not I end up leaving empty handed.\n\nReturn Factor - 43%
Worst service in all of the Venetian. Waitresses continually just walking by refusing to even make eye contact, and the place was half empty! Never again.
Jordans has been closed for 3-4 years now. Much to my dissapointment because I always enjoyed going here for lunch and getting their tostadas.\n\nRIP Jordans.
Overpriced with tiny portions. I can make better food in my own kitchen and my kitchen sucks.
Nice club. Came to sell woman's jewelry. Friendly staff. Will visit again next time I'm in town.
Meal was not bad missed true Turkish custom giving cologne leaving and tea was mediocre while Turkey has a strong tea culture.
The staff at this location goes out of their way to help... weather it is finding where a book is in the store or helping with a special order.
Domestic terminal smells like food and there is nowhere to recharge your devices.
Selling 1\/2 gram of Kiefer for $15 while other places (N.M) sell 1 gram for $10.    Ridiculous.
Can't even handle checking in efficiently.  What a freaking joke.  A very tired low roller establishment that I  will not patronize again.
Great, outstanding roasted chicken, fries and their sauces are an excellent addition to the meal.   The whole family enjoyed the meal.  We'll be back to enjoy again!
Great place. They played Hotline Bling while I was eating, so I had to hit the whip on the downlow. Great food, great atmosphere.
I maintained my buzz while shopping with my wife.\n\nSolid 4 stars.
My Favorite Target location!\nClose to where I am, \nNot Crowded\nVery Clean\nCustomer Service is Excellent\nThere is a Starbucks =)\nParking- No Problem! =)\n\n\nShort and Sweet!! =)
Is this closed? Went by the Brainard place and didn't see a sign for the coffee shop. Called the number & it says disconnected.
Below average Mexican food at best. And $6 for chips and guacamole? Unless you go to Chandler High, skip this place.
This shop is the best in town!! Dana is an amazing sales associate. Super friendly and knowledgeable! Wouldn't go to any other place!!
Easy in and out. Prices slightly higher than Walmart but I avoid Walmart like the plague.
Great quality and very authentic Gelato! I had espresso and nutella flavors!
Delicious sandwiches... Very original combinations. Yuca fries are excellent as well. Service is friendly and rapid. The perfect lunch :)
Great deals on tvs, customer service was great as well. Will be coming back when looking to replace an old 32\" tv.
Nick is the best employee. He makes sure to take care of my sweet six inch delight. He hooks it up with the veggies and special sauce.
You gotta get a pic here....otherwise you have no proof. Bahahaha
An eloquent respite on av du Parc. The music ranged from whale sounds to rock.  I preferred the whales.
Stopped in and was so happy with our choices.  Celio was so helpful and so nice!  Not to be missed you won't be disappointed!
I will make this real easy for you. \n\nJust go to in-and-out Burger if you don't want to feel gross and poor.
Clean and great service from everyone we encountered: bar tender, owner, room assistant person\n\nIt's a cute little bar in front and karaoke rooms in back\n\nLarge selection of songs
Charge me $117 for balancing the spring and put some lubricant on all the moving parts. I am doubting all the reviews in Yelp now.
What I Loved:\n\nVast selection of fresh seafood choices\n\nBraised and slow cooked meats like Oxtail and Osso Buco.\n\nAbundant veggies and sides\n\nVERY CLEAN\n\nEthereal Salmon\n\nComfortable seating\n\nQuibble:\n\nOverall layout of food and signage
$40 for basic kids hair cut..? What you think you are at Beverly Hills?\nI'll not bring my kid back here again.
Epic and amazing authentic Italian food... I particularly enjoy the pizza here. If you want amazing food inexpensive with great service than this is for you
Place looks bright and colorful.  The green tea yogurt is so delicious :)  mixed with the mango yogurt.
Was in here yesterday......heard a constant steady beep....beep....beep.........couldn't figure it out....then after touring the place I realized it was the life support machine.
Short and simple. The tacos are good and this location is always clean. The employees are usually friendly. \n\nTheir drive thru line is always long!
Since Dr. Chad Bauer left Spencer Springs animal hospital it has not been the same. He is the best vet ever.
I recommend them without reservation.  They are professional, responsive and friendly.  By far the best management company\/landlord I've dealt with in any city I've lived in.
don't be a sucker...an hour walk for one nurse shark.
Not the greatest. 50% of the food is drenched in soy sauce. Don't recommend coming here way better options elsewhere. All fried food were stale.
Horrible! You would think that a place that prides themselves from being from Texas would have top quality meat. Not the case at this place. Save your money.
Had a nice dinner here. Lovely service, yummy dinner. We ordered a number of shared platters. The eggplant and meatballs were particularly good. The ambience was enjoyable.
When I was in extreme pain Dr. Lubitz was the only person to relieve it. I wish it was closer to Avondale.
Horrible customer service. Pompous. Does not value customers. Always too busy to tak to customers! Rude. Do not choose this haristylist!
45 minutes to get a drink ... And we made prior reservations. More than 2 hours to get our meals. Avoid this location like the plague!
Fouth of July Weekend and the place is packed. ..you know the secret is out when the line is out the door at 10:00 am.\n\nLove that John Mulls!
Definitely 5 star for Toji Sushi. Great food, friendly service and very reasonable prices. This is one of my favorite places to eat and I'd strongly recommend it.
They got the hell part right.  One of the absolute worst places I've ever been.  Would rather stab myself in the eyes with scissors than ever go back.
Great food, music, and atmosphere. A hidden gem in vegas away from the strip. I will definitely return
I have not been here since it is a teakwoods. Still a Good sports bar. Lots of big TVs, good draft beers and food. Will be coming back.
Haven't stayed here yet, but I'm impressed with the contemporary, minimalist decor, sleek and modern architecture and the wonderful artwork.  Oh, and the poker room is fantastic!
Delmonico is\nEmeril's Vegas steakhouse\nSuch yummy goodness
Indeed, the worst franchise location I've ever experienced. Never ceases to disappoint.
Loved the food (delivery), try the faluda (dessert drink).
Not the place to b at 4 am. Watched 5 shuttles roam around while being told we can't get one but the one for our station,\nnEVER AGAIN!
Won't be going to Brewske's any more - apparently we Charger fans weren't spending enough.  Adios!  Good luck with your Sundays now.  GO BOLTS!
30 screens! Dang! This a probably the biggest theater I have ever been to. I like how they have multiple concessions for food and drinks! This place is great!
Tao reminds me of how much I love to dance and how much I'm so over clubbing.
Love the food here but when the hostess says it's a 10 minute wait it is really a 30 to 45 minute wait
Pamela did my hair color and cut. It cost close to a trillion dollars. My husband just told me my hair has never looked more beautiful....priceless
Shabu Grill is closing its doors Sunday August 12. One of my favorite places. I suggest to come and check it out before they close.
must i give them one star?\n\nOhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhheewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!  nooooooooooo!  nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!\n\nWhat kind of amateurs?  Hooooooooooorbile!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nLike immigrants figuring out what to sell us while they figure it out...\n\nthe burger wAS HORRIBLE
Easy to work with.  Needed to replace the automatic garage door opener.  Prices were reasonable and quality of installation was great.  Very please and I would use them again!
What is going on this post office? When I come here, have to wait for 30min more for sure. The post office which isn't function at all.
Went to get my free birthday drink and the idiot charged my sbux card!!!!  Can't even get it right on my birthday............ Shouldn't have came.....
Good place for have food for students. We should not expect more. Many choices, convenient and cheap.
They're okay.  I get to pay my bills online so I'm a fan.
I'm changing my review
Just read what everyone already wrote, because there's no use in re-typing what a piece of crap this place is for a 100th time.
Just quoted me $1,200, over the phone, to install a 36\"x80\" replacement entry door in a condo!
One of the only \"fast food\" places I will eat at. Freddys Steak burgers are super tasty. Their frie sauce is on point.
If you need some brass knuckles, a switchblade, or you are under age and need some tobacco or sheesh, hit this place up.
This IS the best motherfuckin' bar in Phoenix!! And Brian is the best MF'in bartender. Good times, great drinks, and amazing service!!!!
Found a hair in my salad. The waitress's show off empathy was b-movie material. And they still charged me for the salad.
Pizzeria Butana\n\nWhere they treat their customers like dogs!
Portions are big and the food was alright but I definitely got really sick when I got home. I think I got food poisoning. I can barely drink water.
In regards to the microscopic ice rink...\n\nNo.  \n\nIn regards to the price....\n\nNo.  \n\nJust No.
This school is troubled, racist and manger is the worst. \nShe very aggressive to kids , don't send your child there!!!!!!!
Super sweet people work here!!! :) The food is amazing and quick, yet authentic and not exactly \"fast food\".
Plenty of gay guys pinching each other's butts and eating kobe beef.
The pool is great and clean. Staff is awesome...Halls are long. Saw someone passed out in their own puke
Great drinks, great service. Horrible, loud music that doesn't match the vibe at all. Horrible chemical smell that didn't go away.
Great Gelato with plenty of flavors, try the hazel nut.
BEER PONG!\n\nTATTOO SHOP!\n\nDEBAUCHARY!\n\nneed I say more?
This store is close to my home but I wouldn't buy my mattress from here.  It's a little expensive for us.
Security guard was completely rude and kept commenting on my physical stature ... will not be coming back
They overcharged for service and performed more than necessary.  The \"book\" price for the service was supposed to be for a lot more work than they performed.
Aria is a \"good\" hotel, they even prepared me some good check in gifts - couple pairs of dirty socks.
the best thing at archies are the petit fours!  they are a five star and worth the drive to the ghetto.
Gorgeous, almost retro looking, bar in the center of Green Valley Ranch Casino!  Crushed velvet seating and beautiful decor!  $13 top shelf LIT's
Fabulous service.  Fabulous cleaning.  Not such great prices...but you get what you pay for.  (and they speak English!)
Drinks were great! Christy Moore-McClendon (bartender) was rude, but sexy & overall fanfuckingtastic!!!
Parking is very dirty, it seems like nobody was hired to keep the front neat. People drive crazy even in parking lots. I certainly don't want to come back
30 days later and I still feel like I'm waiting for my corn on the cob that I ordered..
This place is fucking boring, the trail is short and dull, I could have walked around in my backyard and could have had a better time.
Food tastes and looks like it came out of a tube and the place itself was dirty. Never again.
Oh Mickey('s) you're so fine!\n\nGood bloodies\nGood burgers\nGood beer selection\nGood brunch\nGood (b)atmosphere\n\nLove ya Mickey's.  I only wish I visited you more often.
I love this place I think everyone should check it out great drink menu and bartenders smoke free.
They have cookies, coffee and twizzlers.
Told my wife 20 mins for a polish change. 35 mins later, still sitting here, running late for my Spring Training game. Unprofessional and uncool.
My new favorite karaoke place!!friendly staff. A lot of new songs. I love the fries also!!!
I went in to pick up a unlock phone right now and open it just found out the glass is chip! Pisss off ! Never going back again.
A great new stand in the airport unfortunately they charge to much money for a magazine and a bag of chips 3.50 omg that is crazy
About as cool as prison sex. Pretentious dump! Impossible to navigate your way out. It's like your in the labyrinth, but David Bowie's not there.
Went into this store,  couldn't believe the DISGUSTING smells inside and in the back.
Great neighborhood Thai restaurant. Perfect for pick up or delivery. Dine in is ok ... wait staff is always friendly and we're never left waiting. Excellent coconut soup!!
Great customer service at the Bobbi Brown counter!!! Love it! See Christina she's A1 in customer service!!
Woke up to find I had been cuddling with a cockroach all night. Needless to say I'm never staying here again.
Had a drink here after a food tour in Mile End with the group. Friendly service, nice interior.
Do yourself a favor, don't go. They constantly have new stylist and they do not stay.
They have a great selection here.  I got a new gym bag for $30 and a sweatshirt for $24.  If you're a huge Nike fan, come here!
This place is a genuine sh*#thole from top to bottom. Don't waste your money here. You can find better accommodations in an outhouse.
With prices this cheap,\nI expected bland sushi.\nBut hey, it's Pittsburgh.
This show made me feel like I lost my virginity all over again... except less awkward and more lubricated. If I could give it 69 stars I would.
Love this place. Lots of good options. 1st time today, but definitely coming back for more. I recommend the hot stone bowl. So worth it.
ugh, jesus christ.\n\nwas literally crawling on my basement floor after eating here and didn't even consume meat.\n\nnever again
This place is an outstanding mixture of dive bar and shady dance floor. Only enter blacked-out drunk. Wear sweatpants.
Very quick response to my call, quick professional service and reasonable pricing.  I was very impressed and pleased with the replacement of my leaking water heater.
First time Here. Cheap drinks. Good music. No complaints. Just as good as NYC bars. Check it out. Don't get aids here. Welcome to mama.
No frdge. No coffee maker. $150 room. Need I say more? Bathroom  run down. Otherwise okay. Prefer Bellagio!
I got food poisoning from this restaurant, I would not recommend this place to ANYONE. DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE GOOD REVIEWS! This place is also pretty pricey.
Sadly, I've had better pizza at Get Go and the cheese stix looked like the driver stopped at the 7\/11 on the way. $40 in the trash.
My drink had no vodka in it. The crowd was terrible and rude. Great space, but wasted on a wannabe crowd.
We are both happy with our pool. if we have any questions or concerns, we still call and ask our salesperson Dennis, and he's been very helpful. ...
This place is pretty awesome I love the decor! Food is great, Jill the Bartender is AMAZING! She really knows her whiskey. Everyone should come try this fine establishment!
Juices are good but customer service (online and in person) sucks.\nAlso not a fan of plastic bottles. Kinda goes against the entire concept of healthy eating.
Awful. Just disgusting. Cold food. Not going back. Yuck!!! But at least they finally got rid of that chocolate germ fountain!
Top five best places in the planet.  I travel all over and this is the best buffet I've ever had also amazing price
Shady cabs. Left my phone in cab. Offered $20 for him to bring it back 5 mins after being dropped off; he responded $50. Sure ok...
These guys are super cool. Fast and friendly, and my dog wants it noted they give out awesome dog treats to dogs, whtether they are behaving or not.
Look; my wife loves this store. Because she saves me major bucks; I in turn do too!
Straciatella is bomb. S African dark chocolate is bomb too. My kids loves it. Our first\nTime here ..
Vern's is great for live music but that is it! \n\nDO NOT DRINK THE DRAFT BEER- you will die if you are lucky
Great workout \nFriendly people \nZach was friendly and welcoming \nDefinitely will be back
Ask for Emmett he is really one of the best waiters I ever had and honnnnnayyyyy I eat like two fat chicks during a divorce .....
Not a great spot. I would avoid at all costs. I'm sure there are better alternatives.
Great gym hired a personal trainer Ava Knight to train for the police academy. Is an amazing and addicting work out ! Definitely recommended !
Great menu and excellent service!! Great atmosphere and concept. Burgers are delicious!
solid coffee.. solid sandwiches.. perfect for a hangover\n\nthe desserts is food porn and you know you want get dirty..
Best place in Vegas for Hometown Food. The Country Store at slots and novelties and knickknacks great place to pick up souvenirs glad they finally made it to Vegas.
This club stinks. And damn you promoter for not coming through. The bride to be was very disappointed. Will not be coming back to this club ever.
Beware Dogs are not welcome on patio unless it is a service animal. What a shame. We will bring our service to other establishments that allow them.
Came back on a Saturday afternoon and service was so much better!\n\nThey must save the really helpful and knowledgeable staff for the peak times. Oh well.
Did a great job for us after we had water damage. Good communication and worked well with the insurance company.
Foot reflexology was done by a lady with sharp nails. Terrible experience. Don't come here. Very unprofessional and unethical.
sent me to collections for 600$ for not continuing with my membership. if you sign for a year you're pretty much stuck with it..only ever went 5 times
I have been here several times and never disappointed. The food is very good and  loaded with garlic.
tasty fish and chipys.\n\njust too much Beatles in the air. ;)
The best school around. My daughter is learning so much while loving school. It's a great combination of academics and nurturing.
So delicious! This is authentic Italian gelato! Stop by Alessia's while you're over there!
buying a bottle of wine to share while watching 'inception' was probably the most bourgie-ghetto thing i have ever done.\n\nso, really, i recommend doing this.
It's a good record store with decent prices. My fav store in the city and a majority of the staff are awesome and always have good recommendations.
A quick update to let y'all know that they're also on foodora and their vegetarian lunch for two is enough for four. Delicious tofu and spices for all!
I always come here for my nails. The people who work here are very sweet. Welcome walk-ins. Inexpensive. Love the way my nails turn out every time.
Foods pretty good; however, owner..............creepy and clearly hates Turks.\n\nI'm not Turkish by any means, but keep your political stance\/opinions out of the bar area.
Longtime experience, cannot recommend.
Caught them before closing time, being generous with 2 stars regardless the tacos were mediocre at best.
They accidentally cut my boyfriend's head off.\n\nBut it was very nice of the photo center to reprint his picture to include all of his head, at no extra charge.
If you ever get to Champaign, this is worth a try. Be prepared to wait about 45 minutes, you can't rush deep dish. You won't be disappointed.
Everything you want from a pizza delivery place.  Efficient phone service, decent delivery time, friendly driver and 3 pizzas that did not disappoint.
Let's be honest. This airport is only tolerable because it takes you to places other than Mesa, Arizona.
Really not worth it. Not even a good hole in the wall. Tasteless wimpy slices. I was hoping for a good little find but this was a disappointment
Just a little hole in the wall strip joint!  Yea, we pop in there sometimes to support our local strippers.
Not as good as five guys, but twice as expensive.  Not even as good as Swenson but 3x's the cost.  Won't be back.
What a great hidden gem in Scottsdale.  Interesting cafe that's next to Subway.   Owner is friendly and helpful.   Delicious hand made buttery croissants.
Wings burnt, old reheated. Mac and cheese loaded with black pepper, reheated. Fish supposed to be whiting was swai basa frozen fish from walmart. Fries cold. Everything too salty.
Awesome pizza and wings! The best pizza in the neighborhood.  The only downside ... its a Green Bay Packer hangout.  LOL
We got ROOFIED and then when we called them out, they banned is from the club. Fuck them!
Chicken tacos give me the shits but TOTALLY WORTH IT
This place sucks, slow service, bad service, barely edible food and super over priced for what it is, food was cold, i would never eat at oggis again.
Just had lunch there.\nTeriyaki Chicken with Spicy sauce, oh yea.\nA lil $$, but everything is going up now-a-days except my paycheck...
Endless flavors and toppings, ridiculously cheap.  This place is a must over MoJo.
Roasted marshmallow ice cream = THE BOMB.COM\n\nDon't like the area so one less star. Wish they opened in yorkville
My new go-to breakfast joint in the neighborhood. Yay, Denver! Thanks for bringing us #Snooze!
He's a good dude. Anyone saw my old review of this place, you pay it no mind... Ya hear?
Good Club, but 1 Major unexcuseable problem for me...\n\nI have to wait in a line to go into the MENS restrooms????
LA based lifestyle company in the linq.  Soft opening but so far seems a bit overpriced - like urban outfitters for trust fund kids.
B and G is nice place to drink for a low price. There is a Spuds MacKenzie glowing statue at one end of the bar. I recommend coming here.
Big televisions. Big beers. Big deebags.  Big boobs.  Food was adequate.
Great Service! Bumped me up because they had a canceling. In and out within the time slot they gave for showing up.  New spring and rollers.
Very healthy and tasty Korean food!!! It's fast too! You can definitely get full for a late dinner without felling greasy.
Great service, very fair pricing. My tech was Dean, great job, very professional. Highly recommended.
This place isn't good. The chicken fingers came from a freezer bag straight into the fryer and had no flavor. The pizza was just ok. I wouldn't go back.
Excellent pizza and atmosphere!  Great place to share with family and friends!  \nPizza came out quick and hot!  \nFriendly staff and was very helpful!
Overpriced junk. Goodwill has better furniture at significantly lower prices.\n\nNot sure why they charge so much.
Airline food is better. Oops, I forgot, airlines no longer serve food. This place blows. Point made.
Excellent!!! Fast service and with a fair price. I will always use and recommend these guys.
The waitresses don't walk by to serve drinks even if you're gambling. She never came to serve me a drink. Rip ofg
Quick review of initial contact with office staff. Mellisa was very cold, with a, I don't give a f*%$ demeanor. What a joke!
The fried chicken and the corn cheese.....Party in the mouth. \n\nMust try, you won't regret.
It's your classic Chinese food for white people.\nServing size is large food is good. \nPrice is reasonable \nStaff are always friendly\nWalk in tends to be faster than delivery
Convenient and cost effective but we waited 15+ minutes in the heat near midnight waiting for a van. Increase communication please.
Best burgers around. Top notch! Both The Rail in Fairlawn and in Canton are amazing. I love eating here!
First clue - does their aesthetic say, \"Lets chill out with some yoga?\" \nNo.
Yummy cheap quick New York style pizza. It's not bad. Not much else to say.
We're the only ones in the resturant, and the service was bad. \n\nI ordered Chicken Tikka Masala, and I got chicken tikka.\n\nThey have the worst service ever.
Great place needed to rent some suits for my groomsmen and the lady was very helpful. This is a great place if you need to rent suits or tuxedos.
Happy place...  See updated review :D
Food is decent \n\nDrinks are good priced\n\nManagement was just rude and I will never be back.
Just You Sarah & Tom should be...\n\nJust Hello Kitty & cell phone trinkets connoisseurs.
Great customer service. Always accommodating even without reservations. Will definitely go back! :)
Phoenix waited til I moved away to build this place.  Fuck you, Phoenix.  Now I have to come back.
best place to get cigars in town. best prices. no tax. wide selection. room is always properly humidified. watch out for zombies in the area though...
A poor excuse of an \"Irish\" pub full of douchebags and bimbos.  No thank you.
What is with the noisy birds?  And the homeless?!?\n\nIt's like Berkeley in a rainforest.
Worst comedy club I've ever been to and I've been to many. Horrible customer service to boot.
This review is only for slot play.\n\nGood variety. Has the Gold Fish Slots (my fave)\n\nRedeemed $43 in machine. Got 43 one dollar bills....
Ouch. Magazine was $17.45. Didn't know the price until after she swiped the card. Had to wait over 20 minutes for a manager to arrive to facilitate return.
Kinda dank looking, but my kids had a good time.\n\nThey need to change the carpet.
Incredible training and cage free boarding facility. The indoor training is awesome for those Vegas summers. By far the nicest facility I've ever visited.
Dianne is awesome, she has painted some awesome pictures for me at a few events.  Highly recommended.
This European Bakery is by the best in the Toronto GTA. Try the \"Napoleon Cake\" it is deadly!
The best! I will write a review later. I'm still full and overstuffed as it was that good!
omg seriously best customer service everrr! i absolutely adore the employees here! they are fast friendly and make the best coffee!
Sonny Boy Sonny Boy Sonny Boy Sonny Boy.  The sauce. The mozz.  The crust.  The whole package is simply delicious.
Great place to stop if for dessert if you're staying in Aria. Love the late hours. Tons of options.
McDonalds food served by English language challenged people. Enough said.
Great sandwiches!  Closest I have had to the real thing in Arizona.  Come hungry though.  The sandwiches are HUGE!
Came in here for a new hair style... left with severe depression and a horrible dye job.... Please don't come here, but if you do, book anyone but Gara.
The best place to go to work on one's mind and spirit for life-changing results.  Gorgeous building, lovely staff, and warm community.
Pricey.  Drinks expensive,  Bartenders with lots of cleavage, Terrible food, terrible service. Long wait to be seated. Do not recommend.\nServers lack personality.
So sad I just moved to Louisville and have to find a new dog groomer :( Heather always does such an amazing job with my babies.
Great business model! New go to spot! Plus they hand you a free cookie coupon from Paradise Bakery for first time users.
Definitely the most variety of any Fascinations OR Castle Boutique in the valley...don't tell anyone, but we totally spent over $600 here to stock our closet-full-of-tricks ;p
I wish I could give this stadium ten stars.\n\nIt is, by far, my favorite ballpark. I am astronomically in love with it.
I would put 0 stars if I could. Got sick vomiting and high fevers immediately after eating here. Gastroenteritis secondary to this poorly prepared food. Caution.
50% off Lunargrands, plus another 20% off for Christmas savings.\n\nI love you?
Seriously? Is this a joke? Clearly the whole menu is a copy\/paste of Nunzios menu. Way to be original.
Gotta love $2 Car bombs, 'nuff said \n\n(cuz I dont remember the rest of the night)\n\nD:
Roses have always been fresh and beautiful! Arrangements are pretty, and delivery is always on time!
The office staff at this office are terrible, especially the surgery scheduler, these people are dealing with peoples lives but theres never any sense that they care about you.
False advertising,  I was just here minutes ago and they were closed.  Open 24 hours should be open 24 hours simple as that.
Complete cluster. Keep asking people where they are heading to know if you're in the right line. Show up at least a half hour early too.
I can't go back here\nDon't ask why, but it was fun.\nOh Archies...... Sorry!
Grab a cuppa before it's too late!\nGo. \nYou have until the end of January 2014.
Drive thru is convenient. A luxury for those who live in the Sunrise Manor area. \n\nIntercom works perfectly. Nice folks. Thank you, goodbye!
Staff was friendly but the arcade booths were filthy and grose and nothing but old Jurassic park daddies stalking the gloryholes.   Yuck!   I won't be back.
So I just order this quesadilla from ubereats took like 1 hr to get it and I guess someone eat the salad?
Discusting & Dirty!!!  If it weren't for my Gson I would have left. I took pictures I hope you can see what's going on here.
Ahh Versace, my most favorite store in all of Vegas. Michael Garcia is the best sales associate ever. Made my shopping experience very smooth. Can't wait to visit again!
Fabulous Turkish restaurant in the Six-Points area of Etobicoke.\n\nThe decor is simple, the staff friendly.\n\nThe food is marvellous, especially the sauces, purees, dips and spreads.\n\nHighly recommended.
They have poor customer service. I will not be going back. Pretty sad because it used to be a place we went frequently.
Jon and his people give absolutely amazing service. Burgers here are absolutely second to none. Certainly a hidden jem here on the east side
Don't waste your time unless you like guys that are drunk and old. No good looking women there...ever!
They sell Baklava! And they were really yummy. I can't say much more than that. \n$2.50 for a large triangle slice.
Unmemorable: yes. Convenient, generally good food, catering, staff, and atmosphere: also yes. Very accommodating to students so at the end of the day I have no complaints.
This place is awesome.  The staff are really knowledgeable.  Best prices in town on Apple products and Televisions.
What Filipino restaurant charges $7 for HaloHalo, really?! Red Ribbon is less than $5. Might as well go to Thelma's across the street.
the wagyu beef tartar....omg...must order\nyukon potato puree....solid A...must order\nNY steak, solid choice, I do not know what could go wrong if you order just these 3 things
Food is great. Locations is nice. It's not really too packed with tons of people during lunch.
The staff who work here are downright mean.  You better not have to ask a question, because you're going to be verbally assaulted if you do.  Just a warning.
Food, so so.  What kind of a bbq joint doesn't serve beer?  Must be a Gilbert hangup.  Off to Rudy's!
Updated room.. liked the tv in the bathroom.  Had a good time.
I finally went. It was a great time. Crowded, eclectic, food, art, people watching, free hugs. Given a chance, I would go again.
How can I not give my community clubhouse 5 stars?\n\nA couple of pools, hot tubs, basketball, fitness center, party room... and it's all included in my HOA?! Score!
The best of the Blueberry Hill restaurants in town. Counter service is reminiscent of diners in NJ.
I love this place!! I'm not a sushi fan, so I have 2 words for the non-sushi eater: Hibachi chicken! Dip it in that yummy shrimp sauce!
\"mMMmm, what's that smell? It smells delicious!\"\n*follows yummy scent of cookies*\n\"COOKIES!\"\n*opens wallet, hands cashier all of the money*\n\n$3 a cookie.\nI don't know how to feel.
Really loved this high quality kitchen store.  So much better than William Sonoma.  Beautiful items. Loved what we bought, though quite expensive..Worth a visit for sure.
Tasty Chinese food!..Pretty good service with nice music...
This place is right if you like getting your face kicked in, or being raped in the parking lot with a screw driver.. check it out!
Such a great place. The French fries were my highlight! The French onion soup was fantastic. Everything was great, highly recommend the almond crossaint!!!
Great tour!  David was fantastic!  This was a wonderful opportunity to see the city and get a good overview of the all of Montreal!  Highly recommend it!
Definitely deserves the title :) Artistic, professional, fast, and punctual. It pains me every time I have to wash it off. She's amazing.
-Excellent selection.\n\n-Excellent reasonable prices.\n\n-Quick and convenient.\n\n-Helpful employees.\n\n-Delicious baked goods, even better when they are marked down.
This is a great place..they have excellent sandwiches. Opened late.\nVery fast drive thru. Upscale sandwiches. Would recommend this location.
Awful food and shakes are made with syrup.  Would not recommend this place at all. Nothing comes with anything everything is ala Carte.
5th time here. Worst service, no management to be seen. Sat 12 Minutes without being greeted. Walked out. 2nd bad review now and I'm a server
Mediocre subs at best.  You ask where's the meat??   \nNot the worst food I've ever had, but to me, not worth the effort to ever go\nback.
We were turned away by the hostess at 10:05 because the kitchen closes at 10pm. Seriously? Make an exception for the people that patron your business.
Great customer service, unlimited toppings for one price, and delicious pizza. What more can you ask for? Definitely satisfied my pizza craving. Go try it.
Love it. Amazing products. Expensive, but awesome. Questions?
Hairy Eats! 10% of the time I get a hair in my soup\/sandwich.
I went there very very late and people were nice and friendly, but honestly the giant crepe I had didn't taste very much.
my favorite restaurant. i always get the coconut curry chicken with bamboo shoots. its honestly the best thing EVERR!!
Great service and discounted rates.  Helped me out on everything. ..took me out for dinner and out for the night. ..
Nice downtown location with car wash on property. The store has all the convenience store essentials needed. Customer service is good and they sell diesel fuel here.
Rude staff for a place that is not very appealing. Unfriendly towards Pokemon Go players.
This gym sucks ass. Just rubbish in every way possible I would never recommend good like to any one
Self Service is easy and with the computer upgrades, very easy.\n\nInside, Convience Store Side, very good and well managed
http:\/\/www.azcentral.com\/news\/articles\/2010\/12\/20\/20101220chandler-movers-sued-judgment.html
I was charged a \"resort fee\" of $32.99 a night for wifi. The beds were uncomfortable and the decor was out of an 80's porn movie. Horrible
Meh. Not my favorite Del Taco, but it will do. Food was hot and just ok. For fast food its decent.
Rare combination of excellent craft beer, friendly service, cool vibe, and great views of the park.
Received good service at mobile department. Purchased iPhone 4 with ease.
I called Lift Up services and after 3 visits they still couldn't fix my problem. I called Precision Garage Door service and they fixed it instantly!
So nice staffs. Nice design. Nice drink!!!!! \nhigh quality sound system! \nU guys should come hereeeee\nTo visit my crewssssss
They do have have very good drink \nPricing is comparable to Starbucks pricing \nThey have good food , small portions but the price is not bad.
I have zero expectation of any response.  I tried the private way via email to Danny, but ......,
All I have to say is Horrible .... Worst gyro I have had, pita was soggy meat was microwaved . Dog food tastes better... Sorry no stars neg 5...
\"Euro trash, huh?  How's that workin out for ya?\"\n-Moe Syzlak\n\nThis place blows.
This place is right by my house and I love it! The food has always been good and fresh.
im all supporting small business. They two guys are partners and deliver fast, friendly service. Came by twice cause I like the gelato!! \nThanks gus, see you soon!
Oh God...\n\n\nJust had the Effed Up Reuben...\n\n\nAnd it effed my stomach up...\n\n\nAnd I'm about to throw up...\n\n\nStill 2 stars because it tasted good but... oh God... bleurp... bagargpahjh.....
I feel that this church only cares about it's public appearance and money.
I guess there is a reason these guys had to surrender their license....
radi8 your love!  Brand new spot for hot yoga enthusiasts!  New student specials: 8 days for $18. Really friendly staff w\/ great atmosphere.
It's a mall. Close to a casino.\nif you run out of money for shopping, go and try to make more.\nWhat's not to like.
pretty hotel.\nsmall rooms.\nwalls are thin so i heard EVERYTHING from the other room (EW).\ngreat casino and i love the pool= ].
One of my fav karaoke spots for karaoke! Rooms are clean and their staff is friendly.
Excellent work! Great service. Reasonable rates.\nHIGHLY recommend.
Wouldn't recommend, this place is all about making money. It's not about helping people with hearing loss, don't be fooled.
I'm not your customer and you are robo calling every single day. Scam.
Everyone needs to try their banh mi (Vietnamese sandwich)!! Only $2.89 :)
Need to clean the theater and keep 4 year olds out of PG-13 movies.  I didn't pay $11 to got to a daycare.
Great staff that they have going on here. Very friendly. The karaoke rooms has a huge variety of songs. Can't go wrong with this place.
Still no beer! *grin*.....but plenty of wine for you ladies......
$19 rooms.\n\nA free airport shuttle (I've hopped it while staying at another hotel!)\n\nCheap buffet that's reminiscent of college dorm cafeteria food.\n\nTerrible's rocks.
Great selection of used books, magazines and movies! Organized and the prices are pretty good. AND THEY BUY BOOKS TOO!\n\nNot easy to find but trust me, it's there.
I love this place like a fat kid loves cake... \n\nTry their Strawberry Creme Cake.  It's awesome.
Nice bar. Great new tattoo artist there from 6pm-1am. Ask for Luke.
If the situation presented itself, I would sell my first-born for a caramel pretzel shake.
Probably the worst food I have ever eaten ,I enquired at the end of my meal how this place ever got a food license ??
Stopped in the other day and bought an LG TV. Easiest purchase I've ever made, no hassle pricing, friendly staff. Definitely will be back!
The service is bad and the waiters rush you out in 2 hours! The food is ok for a restaurant in this scale. We will not go back!
Holy decadence.\nThe poutine=delicious fries drenched in gravy and foie gras.\nGoose dinner\nWine\n\nMy boyfriend and I needed to be rolled out but was AMAZING!
Great bartender and attentive service..... but really?! Really?! No champagne on a Sunday?! What about mimosas?
This is a beautiful restaurant with amazing food.  We stayed at the Cosmo and the concierge was kind to make reservations for us.\n\nWe had a great time!
They are used to be good.  Portion, rice, food quality are extemely bad
Need to clean out the bar trash!!!!! Not a family place. Good food , bad  people!!
Great pizza, friendly service, great location.  My friends and I had two pizzas and we loved them.   The restaurant was clean and seemed to be popular.
It's brand new and it's huge! Talk about variety, it's endless. They also have clothes, toys, mini restaurants (chicken, cookies, sushi, cousin lobster) starbucks.
This Circle K is very convenient on & off the 101 near Desert Ridge and the gasoline prices are great (worth the trip)!
Great service staff that is super helpful and accommodating! Beautiful building, very appealing to prospects!
Personally I love credit unions. No fees, great rates for car loans, and this particular location has the best staff. Always friendly and helpful. Their customer service stands out.
Great customer service and they got ok service department. nice new location also!
Went in for brunch. When you walk in you are ignored. The servers are unemotional and don't acknowledge that you are even there. Needs new management.
I just paid $4.00 for a piece of toast and I've been waiting for it FOREVER. I feel like a real dummy rn.
white people sure love this place.\n\nbuns = ehhh\ndumplings = why not\ncocktails = no way\nramen = aye caramba blergh
When you die and go to heaven you end up here with a beer in your hand.
This is the best pizza in the valley.  Was scared when they were down for remodeling.  But they came back as Big Boys Pizza.
When I read the Trump endorsement, I cancelled.  Not that the right wing owner cares.  He cares about protecting the top 1% of our country.
Outdoors. Beer. Food from local restaurants (Parc, Brit and Chips,etc..). Oh ya and OYSTERS!!  Shane Murphy live on stage!!  Awesome!
slow slow slow slow slow slow service to just get a permit...which was waaaayyy expensive for no reason!
Not a fan of Grandprix, but i do enjoy the atmosphere, its just a festival of money gouging nothing special.
They said I needed a timing belt replaced when Honda Civics from 2006 don't have a timing belt.
Would never go see this because the guy is an extremely rude person that thinks he is better than everyone. Wouldn't spend a dime and you shouldn't either.
The lamb is delicious. The owners are great. This is not your romantic dinner atmosphere, but hey who knows what can happen
Gross.\n\nDesperate, I ate here and regretted it about 10 minutes after finishing and for the next 24 hours.
All the clothes in there look like 'cougar' clothes.  Slutty and gawdy.
Good apartments\nNice atmosphere\nSafe environment\nLots of cranky old folks, but I just ignore them\n\nAnd the sand beach pool is a plus!
Best asset of this place: Matt the sassy ginger bar tender \n\nMakes bomb drinks and will tell you about his adventures
Tasty and competitively priced dim sum. I thought the wonton soup with noodles was pretty good. The servings were generous. I would come back again if in the area.
Not quick, now I understand why Howie is so hungry. He does not eat his own pizza.\nYuck.
I'll always love this place. The only bitches that'd complain are ones that raise their pinkys when taking a sip. Lol gtfoh! This place rocks!!
Filthy and broken down place. an embarrassing place to stay. also i am scared. i hope i make it through the night.
I'm disgusted with the way I was treated by this location on the phone. I've been going to Zupas since the first one opened in Provo. NO MORE!!!!!!!!
Went in at 11:01pm, they close at midnight,  already shut down the kitchen on a Saturday night. Pathetic.
Mai is so precise and takes so much time perfecting the shape of your brows before starting the microblading procedure. I love my new brows. Thank you!
We love J Karaoke! Great service, great atmosphere, and amazing food! Please order the fried chicken! It's a must! The soju is amazing too!
Walked in like, \"Just 1, I'm on a diet.\"\n\nWalked out with a half dozen like, \"I've always wanted to be chubby.\"
My review for this business can be found on my blog.  DO NOT go to these doctors, or any of their offices.  \n\nhttp:\/\/www.alittleblueberry.com\/2011\/10\/life-after-life.html
bad customer service!!!!! this is respone i got from (owner)! smh\n\n\n\ndo not go to this place ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Didn't buy a car today from Victory....however Mark Upton was our sales rep and he was awesome. Very polite and accommodating in the car buying atmosphere.
We buy all types of gold scrap metal trucks forklifts heavy equipment
Thank God it was not destroyed by the huge fire. Food has a smokey flavour now.
Incredibly over cooked salmon and steak.  Lucky to get one star.  The high reviews must be a result of the location and drunkenness of the peeps.
You can only get plastic bottled water?? How cheap can you be? And to not serve water to people who are drinking??
Not sure what to make out of this place marijuana is smoked police show up from time to time I have no clue what's brewing inside
Too crowded and full of fraternity trash now.\n\nBeer pong?  I'm getting too old for this shit.
So ghetto. Came here on Thursday night to meet some friends but the crowd was disgusting. I should have stayed at Hakkasan.
The best !!!! Incredible service!! Great staff! Strong drinks! Will try food next visit! We had a blast!!! Highly recommend!!
This place was so good I forgot to take photos.\nBroth is flavorful and noodles are perfectly chewy.\n\nOh yeah, they offer a $5 Asahi stout
Great food, so glad they are back in business. Please bring back the balsamic salad dressing!!!
Great service super friendly workers!! Lots and lots of flavors and the taste is FANTASTIC!! Definitely taking the family on a regular basis!!
Loved this place. Been twice now and my husband and I both enjoyed the atmosphere and food.
I love the smell of the MGM Grand in the morning. Smells like... bachelorette parties.
When I called to make an appointment, no one answered the phone and there was no answering machine. WTH? They lost out on my business.
Friendly service, clean store and they always have cookies ready. The sandwiches taste like subway should and that's a good thing. The location is great, too.
Most expensive fabric in the valley, minimal hours, rude staff, and located in an unsafe area.
Boring grilled meat.\n\nBoring flatbreads.\n\nWell, I guess consistency is a virtue.
Food poisoning from carne asada tostada.\nUp all night pewking.\nHorrible experience. \nSame thing happened to my son in law a few months back.\nWon't ever eat there again
This place has good service but it is definitely overpriced, Yama sushi is two levels above this place. I probably won't be coming back..
They have stale food and it almost always tastes a day old. Chicken is not fresh, esp for their lunch buffet. Never enjoyed my meal here.
Losing money by the minute. Need a lesson from pro Starbucks employees. Turn and burn. Drink some of the product. Speed it up
I plan on just having a double order of their steak tartare the next time I come here.  Absolutely fantastic!
Great breakfast, lunch and dinner spot.  They also make a mean bloody mary. Outdoor seating makes them dog-friendly. Service is excellent and prices are very affordable.
It was good.  Had a vegetarian poutine and i didnt get disappointed.  Yummmmmmy.  Definitely coming back.
--Good coffee\n\n--Good prices\n\n--Friendly staff.\n\n--Nice, comfy decor.\n\n--Easy parking.
Terrible. Dirty airline. Charges ridicules fees for carry-on's.\nThe upgraded service is expensive and not worth the cost.\n\nPlease fly another airline. Jet Blue is a better service.
Very, very professional contractor, excellent communications, timely response, great quality of workmanship,  Highly recommend.
Clean and organized as all Teeters are. Great produce and meat section. All the shelves were stocked, the cashier was friendly and my shopping car worked great.
Crepe + Nutella + bananas + powdered sugar = LUNCH OF CHAMPIONS.
Shame on Zipps for opposing a new Z Tejas at Bethany Home and 16th St,  Afraid of a little competition.
Good service, tacos are big not your regular street tacos. Drinks are also good and pricing is fair.
Foie Gras Poutine - oui!\nDuck in a Can - ouah!\nFood coma of heretofore unknown proportions - ouais!
Their is plenty of fish life to see, great prices, photo opportunities, kid friendly an more.
This is probably the best karaoke place on the strip. Highly recommended. Easy to get to from the strip
I think delta air lines is very average none thing that's not special about it. Just regular plane  ride
Awesome as always. Great prices, prompt service, and the products you need. Thanks!
Great value and super good food. Felt a bit rushed during dinner , and was surprised since there was only one other family dining in. Will definitely come back.
Good selection of donuts and a baker that will make something if they don't have it if you order in advance.
Make sweet sweet love to my shoes ... not like that you sickooooo. This shoe shiner at clt is worth every penny. Go. You will be happy you did.
I got kicked out of here for walking into a mirror. True story.
Used this service when I lived in Cleveland. Great work, gorgeous staff, quick results.
Loved this place.. HI CHLOE!
The greatest deals and professional service dealing with rims and tires!\nSpeak with Carmen. Lots of experiance in this industry. Will be honest and very knowledgable!!!!\nPremier Tire for the win!
Where is butterfly now? I heard she was fired over a fight. My buddy is coming to town and loves her. She must have landed somewhere?
bomb.\ndot.\ncom.\n\nSeriously. \n\nSome of the best pickled veg, sliced meat, pasta, sauce... everything Italian in one happy little place. \n\nAnd free parking in the back!
Life-size Boba Fett statue. Five stars for that alone.
Great facilities, but gets pretty busy, and lots of old naked men in the change room who shave in the sinks.
United Airlines, Spirit and Alaska Airlines are at this terminal. Eateries are decent and staff is friendly. This terminal could use improvements as it's no where near terminal 4.
Get a grapefruit vodka.\nThen get an old fashioned.\nThen maybe a white Russian.\nPlay some songs in the jukebox.\nStop complaining about everything.\nBe drunk. be happy.
First time eating at Ajo Al's was when we were house hunting in the area (spring 1986).  We bought the house and have been regular customers ever since!
Creamiest\nSweetest\nFrozen\nVelvety\nMost Delicious\n\nFROZEN COCONUT MARGARITA\n\never!  Like, OMG.  I'm hooked!  \nI was licking the honey and toasted coconut off my glass.  \n\nRecipe anyone??  anyone?\n\nDisclaimer:  didn't try the food.  Thus, 5*****!
-Inexpensive produce.\n\n-Fresh sausage and other meats.\n\n-$2.99 freshly made to order sanwiches.\n\n-Decent prices, cheaper than Whole Foods.\n\n-Parking is convenient.\n\n-Employees in the produce dept not so friendly. \n\n-Cashiers are usually friendly.
I have had 3 laser hair removal treatments.  My hair is exactly the same.\nThe staff at the desk seems more interested in personal preening than helping anyone.
Super slowwwwwwwwwww service here! I only come because of convenience. Other than that this place will never change as far as speed of service lol
Good food. The positives stop there. Insanely crowded, rude staff, barely any liquor in the drinks! Basically, it's a nightclub gone wrong.
Professional, prompt, organized, efficient and friendly is what you get from Jacqueline Hanna Photography. She's five stars all around. Prices are great for the service and quality she provides.
For those who love Seaweed salad, and a creeative sushi menu, this place is for you!!!!!!!!\nBeen here many times, and always consistent in service and foods.
Great location, but needs more hot girls, better music. But food is great especially the price point. Love their Korean wings!!
Dr. Mostafavi is an awesome ENT doc. Go see him if you need a great Doc
Pizza so good my dick fell off\n\nReally good crust\n\nWonderful exposed brick\n\nSolid location\n\nSmooth atmosphere \n\nReady to try again
Went there the other day and smelled like cat pee.  Highly doubt I'll go back.
if a hipster bar met a dive bar, this would be their offspring!\n\ngood music and lots of kinds of friendly people!
Lol,hahahha,heheheh i dont Know where to start.I'm gonna Say that Come to the United States of America to See a Real Shopping centre.
Nice cars but they are car salesmen............
very expensive better seafood at Harris Teeter very small selection
I prefer my Greek food without bellicose chauvinism thank you.
The worst. Took us 45 minutes waiting in line while we watched a carousel of Dollar employees rotate through their smoke breaks. Terrible.
I would've tipped the driver if he wasn't so passive aggressive about the tip. Otherwise a straightforward experience.
Typical vegas buffet. Went for breakfast. Not the worst or the best. Food is ok, it'll make turds
Get the Hawaiian steak. You will eat it and wished you would take a crap faster so you can eat it again.\n\nThat is all.
Wasn't fantastic. Definitely overpriced for what it was... service was horrible.... we were the ONLY people in there and it took forever... would we go back? \n\nNope.
I thought this place was kinda weird.\n\nbartender was nice though.\n\nmid-life crisis guy with balding head and bad hawaiian print shirt has to go.
If you're a fan of explosive diarrhea and really rude staff this is the place for you.
This terminal is clean and overall pretty pleasant.
Idk if they've been understaffed for the past couple of years or they just have a terrible system. I hate coming here
Used to love this place until Nuit left... But thank god they opened up Pai in the same hood - go here instead!!!!
I get 3 whole voicemails and 250mb of data for 75$\/month. Thanks Rogers!
Old men everywhere\n\nSalty pot roast makes me sad\n\nPie is redemption.
I got food poisoning from this place, DO NOT eat here. Not just me either, my sister and my dad got sick after eating here too.
Awful, too noisy, people smoke, and you cannot use Groupon or any deal or buy more than once, will never go back, Staff is rude
No line today.   Pleasant teller.   Still hits you in the face with fragrance but aside from tha a ok
Live this place for fun food, wine, cheese and cool snacks.  I love the staff and visiting TJ's.  I want more TJ's everywhere.
They had my Burt's Bees Pomegranate lip balm.\n\nI bought it.\n\nI'm so glad they had it.\n\nThe end.
I need to watch their games in bars more often. I swear they would have lost if I stayed home last night. :D
Smells really odd in there. \n\nBut you sometimes gotta do what you gotta do to get Plum Flavored Ramune.
im pretty sure i ate here...i ordered the chicken fingers with fries...plain and simple...
The Poker Bar bartender has as much personality as a wet mop. Good heavens! Won't be staying here long....
Pretty good value for the money. Fajitas are tasty, though shrimp version was a bit skimpy on the shrimp. Bean dip a winner.
If you want terrible customer service and even worse tasting food you should definitely order from here.
Pretty impressed with this place. \nThey've got a good menu with great prices. \nGood quantity and very tasty.
Didn't really need something but the prices here wetter too hard to resist. Clean space and very organized.
I called and left a detailed VM three days ago... no call back.
We tried this place because we hears Obama likes five guys burgers, this place is horrible, now I know why the economy is the way it is.
Food was terrible, but the candles were real, not those electronic ones. That was cool. \n\nMusic was in Spanish, not Portuguese.
$1 macaroons , how can u complain about that!!!! Long drive from the strip but totally worth the drive! Thanks SM!!!!!!!!
Best Mexican food in Phoenix\/Scottsdale and would be best in Arizona if it were not for Mi Nidito (Tucson).  I'd give them a tie.
Very friendly staff!\nClean, welcoming atmosphere.\nGood selection of healthy foods.\nExcellent wines at excellent prices.\nFood samplings are a plus!\nLow prices!\n\nIt's all good at Trader Joe's!
Mason and his staff are awesome!  They really know their business and do a great job taking care of their customers!
I am a huge fan of chicken sandwiches and lemonade but the chicken sandwich I received was very Bland and the frozen lemonade taste like  a yoga
Vegas, your facade of exclusivity evades me. I'm not waiting in line dressed in 4\"+ heels to dance to crap music while sweat drips down the walls.
This place is pure garbage. Shit staff, shit pizza, takes 2 hours to deliver 5 minutes away.\n\nFuck Domino's.
Good food. Large portion. Rated 4 for accepting only cash!
Staff is great but no vending machines!  it is a long wait with no drink or snack.
IF you are a wanna be gansta, like rude service and poor quality, over priced food......MAN, You are in for a treat. EVEN the security guards have bad attitudes!
i really like this light rail stop. it's really cool. \n\nYelp!
Julio came and repairs the lamp on my tv cleaned it and gave some great tips if I need to will use them again
Great service! Fun place to come and hang out with friends and have a good time! Come check them out!
***Pool & Hot Tubs\n***Complimentary Continental Breakfast\n***Free high-speed Wi-Fi in every room\n***Additional computers in the lobby for our use as well\n***RV\/Boat Parking\n\nLiterally, it's as good as it gets!
These guys are great! They have every retro game you could possibly want and can fix anything!
Wow. Went to this place once and in less than 15 minutes someone...maybe multiple people got stabbed. Never coming here again!
The Pizza Nortena is MOST DEF a fam favorite for us!!!!! Can't go wrong at AA's!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This place smells like cigarette smoke so bad and it's just filthy. This place really needs proper air ventilation!
Good luck getting out\nWith your soul and belongings.\nBring your own flashlight.
That one shawty barista with the leprechaun hair be bomb af  she can make me coffee any day for me! Good coffe too...
Good peeps.  Helped us buy our first house and I got a FREE, logo stress ball!!!  Yay!!
Ok so drove 30 minutes to find out that this is a house not an actual buisness and no one was available..very disappointed!
Office staff is always prompt courteous takes care of any issues as fast as possible would definitely recommend them
Co worker order a chicken and vegetable dish and found a bug in her meal. I'm never gonna eat at this location ever.
This place is good...for Pittsburgh. The quality and the quantity left me wanting more.
Worst customer service and the owner is horrific! I wouldn't shop there if everything was free
So many good items the worst part about this place is deciding what to get lol hehe! :-)\n\nRemember your appetite ;)
Just your average Chevron station. Decent location, friendly service and yes they have slot machines. Gas is definitely cheaper here than Commifornia.
Valen verga (kidding) Service sucked. Took 40 minutes to get out food. Tacos were meh at best. Beer was the only food and tasty thing about our meal.
Nothing's good about this place. The staff isn't friendly. Last time we went there they charged us heavy gratuity. Price Not worth the quality of food.
I'm in Vegas for one night do to family emergency.  But I have a few hours . Do women show up here?
Best time at lunch that i thik i've ever had. I think it better than korean town. My husband highly recommended it.
The ramen was delicious. Not like Top Ramen at all...and I've eaten a lot of Top Ramen.  #tylerlied
Not going back since they didn't have the full menu on opening day, it was my first time there, I won't be returning anytime soon.
AMAZING!!!!\nI had the Mac & Cheese....AMAZING!\nBeef Stuffed Gorgonzola....AMAZING!\nYukon Gold fries....AMAZING!\n\nI am so stuffed...I can't move. I can barely type hdbahsj jfkjckx jfkjckx jndjajjsjslskx....AMAZING!
Put simply: this is the best goddamn bread in the world. Don't question it - just go get it.
Bus arrived on time, was clean, and the driver was super friendly. Would use this service again.
After reading the reviews I will NOT give this place a try! HAIR in food! That's the worst. It ruins the whole experience.
Don't move here.  Don't even look here.  It's awful it will suck the life out of you.
not my kind of dance studio. teachers are good dancers but not good teachers. won't go back there. participants looked odd .
Excellent dinner (curried lamb), quiet restaurant, plenty of wait staff.
$10 for an hour of fun. Don't forget your flask!
You are better off staying in a roach motel. Older than the hills and twice as dirty. It is possible that this broken down shit hole is zombie headquarters.
Good area and clean place very nice bar tenders. Good design very social people here and high place area
We called them twice and they came out the same day. Honest and reliable people which is hard to find
Horrible beer selection. \n\nWalked out because they serve foie gras.. Shame on them!\n\nAnd, there hostesses were clueless.
I opened an account at this credit union.  It cost me $90 to give them my money.  They are thieves.  $50 of it was a teller fee.
This is the divest of all the dive bars!  I love it!!!!\n\nMonday is beer night.
This one is pretty simple. Only good to grab a drink, maaaaaaaaybe two, before a game and move on
Two words: giant donut.\n\nOrder one and you won't regret it. That's all I have to say.
6 week challenge has begun..5 more to go for a life changing experience. Thanks UFC family!
Dr.Nair is the best Dr. I have ever been to.The office is very kind&professional
Everything was great until we got to our floor. Entire floor including our room reeked of marijuana. Guess non smoking didn't include pot.
If you are in the business of doing business DO NOT use their internet \/ email service. It is forever going down. \n\nIt's a joke
I hate this place. The food is loaded in MSG. And you leave feeling sick . Service was not that great and food wasn't prepared right.
Greeting- yes\nVibe- Flintstones cave\nPrice- expensive\nParking- at Venetian hotel\nService- professional\nfood\nRibeye was delicious\nPotato fries are very good\nVegetable sides are typical and tasty\nDessert- best banana cream pie!\nWIGB? Yes
Wow, I remember why I quit going to Starbucks. So expensive for a caffeine and sugar rush\/crash. I'll stick to making it at home.
Historic sign that is on the national register of historic places. There's quite a bit of people here but plenty of space to get a good picture.
This place makes you spemd money on work clothes and then tells you that you didn't pass a drug test. Screw this temp agency.
If you disagree with me just go to a California DMV then come back and be grateful.
Yes. \nYou can have 23 bucks for a flick (I think it's actually 11)\nif you give me my own seat and let me drink beer!
Everything here is mediocre.\nBlah\n\nThe food is blah, the menu is a snore, the restaurant ambience is dark and boring\n\nMediocre all the way.
I came here today with of my 2 girlfriends and we all agreed, this is a great pedicure and a wonderful leg and foot massage. 5 stars!
Tight spaced room full of jag off dealers, jag off floormen, and jag off players.
Hooters degrades us.\nTheir use of big breasts is gross.\nI go for the wings.
Fred was professional, polite and extremely helpful. He saved us over $300 a year. I will definitely recommend him to my friends and family.
Not a good experience with this store.  Poor attitude and below average workmanship.  You can do better than this place.
3 dollar blackjack!\n\nThey have a 3 dollar blackjack table!\n\nI played forever and was up like 9 dollars!
The $9 Steak And Lobster on Thursdays is Out Of This World!!\n\nCheap food and great entertainment, what more could ask for?
Mason & his staff are super helpful & friendly (hidden gems & knowledgeable) definitely best deals in town!
My bed was crunchy. \n\nLast time I slept in a crunchy bed was in Rosarito on Spring Break. I also wore flip flops in the shower.\n\nEnough said.
Yay!  My first junk mail under the name MANLY CAMO has arrived!
I got here it's loud! Everyone is having a good time! Beer is cold and the wings are bomb! It's ghetto but it's in the hood so duh!
One star for the shopping. This place needs a new owner and a new staff. Incredibly rude and not customer friendly. I'm sorry did I interrupt your social hour?
Loved the pizza. They had a great selection. Services wasn't bad. The wings are also tasty. It was the breakfast of champions!\n\n ; ^ D
I've been by 3 times and they're always closed.  I called today and they're only open until 6pm......Ya know, not everybody eats dinner at 5pm!!  PATHETIC!
Douchebag and tourist hell. Still waiting in line for my juice to be made while tourists who ordered after me get their bloody coffee. Never coming back here again!!
Nice selection of booze at reasonable prices.  Staff very friendly. They also stock firewood.  Open on many holidays.  Yeah!!!  Super plus!
I heard a lot of bad reviews\nI believe  new owners\nThis place was on point\nI will recommend  to everyone  !
Fun place but you can't even get a cold drink there. They refuse to fix the vending machine .
Le Manoir est comme une vieille pantoufle; il fait chaud, ça pue et tu es bien. \n\nPour regarder un match c'est correct.
Great location that has everything you would expect from an auto supplies shop. Staff is friendly and they keep their store clean and organized.
I love In-N-Out.\n\nNumber one protein style! \n\nGreat helpful staff, clean dining room, order is always right, yep winner winner burger dinner!
Friendly, great service. Regular sized store with good clearance section. Located next to Bed Bath and Beyond in the gigantic Arroyo market Square.
This place is great if you don't mind confederate flags everywhere and the feeling that someone would murder you
No horse meat as far as I know.  So yum!
They did a perfectly fine job on my leather bag, but I found them to be extremely expensive, so I will look elsewhere for future needs.
this animal hospital nearly killed my dog during surgery with the anesthesia. would never recommend them to anyone.
The front desk delivered tacos to the room, from Jack-in-The-Box, at 4AM.\n\nIf that isn't service I don't know what is.
Red Velvet cookies!!!!! \n\nThe End.
Wasn't a bad stay, but I would never eat there as there was a spider in my friends pasta. Quite disgusting I must say.
5 stars for Sean! He is great eye candy when I shop here.
1:30 PM on a Thursday afternoon, they had no milk tea. Are you serious?\n\nYour main product is milk tea. That is ridiculous.
THE SIRENS OF TI: This is possibly the worst $(%&# I have ever seen. And I have seen some bad #(*%&Y#.
I really like Egg Works! The muffins, the Loco Moco, corn beef hash, hash browns and pancakes are all amazing! The service is typically shitty, but its do-able!
The sales team here did seem a little lackadaisical...\n\nThe furniture offered was decent, some pieces were overpriced...\n\nAltogether, its your basic furniture store...\n\nNothing fancy!
Delicioso!! New restaurant. The flavors of south america in one place. The restaurant work as buffet. My favorite is the chicken a la brasa!! Uhhhh muy rico.
BEWARE!!! \n\nThey DO NOT CONVERT US MONEY!!!!!! You will pay Canadian price in US dollars!!!! And when asked he said that he didn't convert because of bank fees!!!!
It is not worth at all. 50 per person for the afternoon tea. Cakes, sandwiches look so cheap, they are just \"can eat\"!  Won't come back !
Best \"fish sticks and chips\" in downtown Glendale, and I only had to wait 45 minutes!
Congratulations on promoting racial divide with your horribly divisive commercial! The last place I would consider obtaining a degree from when you have to stoop to those subliminal tactics!
Good and bad, but I'm not going to delve into it on Yelp. As far as your entertainment, expect average (nothing more, nothing less).
Not worth the price. Portions are tiny and food is all right at best. At least the service is reasonably quick.
Omg small town doctor in a big town you are not rushed in and out like a piece of cattle I love this place
Ah yes. The infamous FireFly. Excellent sparkling sangria. Awesome tapas. Dinner...AND a show! \n\nIf there was a Housewives of Las Vegas, this would be their major hangout spot. Seriously.
Best fillings and cleanings I have ever had! Staff is friendly and attentive. They truly care!
Worst Chinese ever. Buffet is gross!!!! If I could give a negative it would be -10.
Like watching a high school team with nice fans relaxing and having fun.  Even the bathrooms were clean.
Hailey with the cats ears was super knowledgeable about the beer and very quick to refill my beer. Even with our giant company party in full swing.
Extremely oily food. Every bite i eat, i felt oil was oozing out and it was not tasty either.Will never go there again.
A place that doesn't serve Hennessy will always get 0-1 star
Had a burger for lunch and it was very bland. I also order an Arnold Palmer to drink and the lemonade was acidy...
I used two different washrooms in the park and they were both clean and had the fresh \"new urinal puck\" smell.  Good job!
Like In-N-Out with peanuts everywhere. Only twice the price. But without the drive-thru or the paper hats.
I highly recommend CCREPAIRS,  Super friendly and awesome work. I refer them to my friends and family.
190 Octane  with 3 shots of everclear....  WHOOOOOOOOOOO HOOOOOOOO!  What a way to meet Jesus!
Had the banana bread again..... warmed it up in the oven.... crack! On a gluttony binge. They also got a great pumpkin bread...... yum.
Very good product and pricing. Great customer service!
Worst then ever. Like dog food. Hate it but my 87 year old mom insists I take her there. YUCK!!!! Take some pride in your food Santa Fe.
Like it more now it's 24 hrs . Though some people think their mom works here and don't know how to clean up free themselves!
One of my favorite hang out spots in Cleveland! Weve made friends every time we've come. Great food, drinks, and our server Hailey is awesome too!
Ordered a custom apron for a friend as a joke. Absolutely loved it. Quality and service was superb. Highly recommend and plan to come back again.
They suck big time!!!- don't give ur biz to this store- they r rude, they put u on hold for hours - lmao
Zero Stars. Zeeeee-ro.\n\nLogged on today to pay my bill and find its gone up $7 just for internet. Happy New Year, from the cable company.
The service was great! Food is even better. Try the Arizona sushi roll if you like sushi with a kick!
Calamari, overcooked. 2 orders of veal, overcooked. Drunk guy walking around the entire meal screaming? priceless.
I got caught falling asleep chewing on my chicken and waffles at Grand Lux Cafe. I was tiiiiiiiired! true story.
Thsi place has great prices and great food, small\nBut cool, saw some crazy hot hookers here. Love the sushi and the regular\nOrient food, its greaaaattt
They called me SEVEN MONTHS LATER (June) to let me know my magazines and ammo was in stock. Unbelievable.
Adele is awesome.  If I could give her six stars I would.  I've been going to her for three years and she does a really nice job.
Very disappointed!!!!! Well luckily it was comp. bc i wouldn't want to pay for Wynn's buffet ever! lets just say i was VERY DISAPPOINTED!
Holy F why did I subject myself to this again? \n\n$30 wasted. \n\nBe smarter than me. Stay away. It's truly barfworthy.
You would probably die while waiting if you had a medical emergency here. The wait is extremely extremely long. Just head to the hospital it will be 100x better.
it's been too long for me to remember the specifics of the dinner, but it was a really great dining experience...from the food to the service.
Official Team Physician of the Charlotte Hounds. Best in the Business!
The food is alright here but when ordering delivery... Don't forget to tip GENEROUSLY or they ring your doorbell again for more! I was so shocked!
Solid conservative haircut at a fair price. A major step up from the bowl cuts I was getting in Chinatown!
Attended the Margaret Cho show tonight.  Funny as ever.  Enjoyed her opening act with Rocco Stowe as well.  Great venue!
They wouldn't know a real Philly Steak if the were standing at 1237 E Passyunk Ave (if you don't know where this is- you don't know steaks either)!
Same as the other posts....Got ignored...Gear overpriced and snotty staff.  Dude you sell car stereos for a living.
Great nursery with lots of people to help you with your gardening desires.  Check out the greenhouse and see the abundance of planting goodies.
Hambones and Hooknasties abound.
Their chicken is actually really good!! My homies had me check it out and it's definitely worth a repeat!
Great customer service. Nice and newer store. I just wish it was easier to get out of the parking lot.
Wish I could give them zero stars \nEver heard of a grocery store run out of butter on a Monday?! Wtf
Nice place to go if you wanted to see used condoms, trash, and cigarette butts all over the place.
The Food was scrumptious  should have taken pictures , but too busy eating this amazing food.\n Desert to die for Chocolate Macaroons. I am going back.
Cold beer good food good music and a cool staff ill defiantly come back!
Just like all the other expensive buffets in Vegas. Can people really tell the difference between this place and Bellagio?\n\nI dare you to finish one of their candy apples.
By far the best taxi. On time .  Great customer service. Very nice and I love it because its just comfortable and easy.
Conveniently located in Old Town Scottsdale, this Marriott had a pleasant lobby and exterior. I came to pick up some guests from out of town attending a conference.
This place is gross.  They served us rice that tasted a day old and, in fact, everything didn't taste fresh. Don't waste your time here.
I like the atmosphere , european style, brunch, coffee , desserts with a nice service, many tables. Its pricey now you know.
chill hangout spot over a hot bowl of pho. prices are good, boba is good. always satisfies the Pho craving\/hangover. #11, #61 is the way to go.
Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nhttp:\/\/www.guggenheim.org\/new-york\/press-room\/press-releases\/1814\n\nclosed.  drat.
They have very good customer service team. I love my custom shutters. Very happy with the quality. I am a repeat customer. Takes about 6 weeks though. Worth waiting.
Definitely unforgettable !!! I've never had a worse meal, I ordered the \"turkey\" burger and I'm still searching for flavor!
Thanks for the fast turnaround on some decals I needed last minute.\nI gound a new place to get all my decals done.\nEasy to order and quick turnaround.\nQuality vinyl also!
This was best cab I've ever taken. Ask for Marsha!!! You won't be upset. She's the best.
Rudest staff ever. Don't bother asking questions because god forbid they do their job. I'd rather drive another location than give this one business.
We went for the vegan menu. The food was good, but crazy over priced. 4 people eating vegan..$260. Not worth it for vegan diners.
Amazing food! Amazing service! Tons of fun! Come here if you want to have a great night!
The worst panda express for food. The food just taken home was greasy and no flavor. Very little selection here. Horrible food for taste and done
Just like the ones in Michigan. Steamed onions, patties and buns. Must get the ketchup mustard mix.
Generally substantially slower and noticeably more expensive than badger cab.
Extremely overrated! Way over priced and not very tasty popcorn. The taffy tasted stale. Not worth the hype.
good ambience..  Good food.. Good service..  Hot and good food..  One of the best places in Tempe for very good Indian food
what other buffet on the strip has candied apples?\n\nthats all you need to know about this buffet.
Repeatedly knocked on my door to leave unwanted brochures in an apartment complex with explicit no soliciting signs.
I'm sure that not everyone will have this experience but tonight i am alone in a hotel in Wisconsin in food poisoning agony due to this food. \nNot recommended.
Great staff\n\nFun tiki vibe\n\nConveniently located next to the trauma center at UMC across the street
They will even lie to you just to let you give them money. Worst furniture store ever.
I love this place. It has what I need. Parathas especially from Kawanku. Gopal did a good job at expanding his business.
Wasn't impressed with the fact that guys are encouraged to throw coins at the girls!!
Had the miso Ramen and pork fried rice.\n\nNothing special here. I can make better food at home.
View was great food was awful. Got cut off after 3rd drink. I would not recommend except for view.
Omg omg omg my inner fat girl screams I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!\n\nFood was fresh and simply devine...we will def be back
Loved the reclining chairs! First time I really enjoyed a movie while relaxing felt like I was at home in my living room watching a movie. Will be back!
A lot of homeless people loitering inside and outside sleeping I a booth taking two tables
fatasitic seafood lunch. love the shrimps with captain boil sauce. We chose the medium
And I quote...\n\"We are checking women's bags.\"\nSexist, yet understandable still sexist.  This is the theater where the guys have to sneak in the snacks!
they lost my reservation and i smelled terrible after.  was not impressed with service in the bar.  not going back.
Huh?!  Are there still mindless drones shopping at Needless Markup???
Great place for talking women and vino.
Friendly service, clean place, always helpfull. I always use them to send packages and never had a problem.
The only CVS I feel like I could shot entering. Seriously the security is a joke and the patrons that frequent this pharmacy are scary to say the least.
They should call it cogco with all the coggers and snowbirds coming in, I always notice the number two things the old goats get is toilet paper and wine!
Stopped here for breakfast this morning and was totally satisfied.  I got the Colorado omelet and raspberry pancakes and service was good.  Good for a family breakfast.
Gross. Really slow service, pricey, and poor quality. Never again. There are much better sammich spots. Actually, I'd rather eat at a gas station.
Worst motel ever seen bad service with attitude in the front desk\nRoom so discussing and shitty\nNo carpet in room \nNever come back
The food is so-so, but the waitress with the blond spikey hair is amazing.  I wish I could remember her name...She could be one of the best in Phoenix.
Amazing food. Totally got my money's worth! The chilli paneer was especially good! Would recommend this place for a nice Sunday lunch with friends or family.
They actually have moved a few block East to E. 200 street near Miller.  Very good and fresh meats.
My wife goes here. They do very good work. They are quite inexpensive for the level of service they provide. I am very glad they are located here
This location opened April 6, 2017 AD. I just visited via their drive thru - it was efficient and the staff was friendly. I will be back!
I defy anyone to find a civil, knowledgeable human being who works in this place. I'd rather be stuck in Newark Airport than shop here.
Cute little park hidden by Giant Eagle in Flakewood.  Pretty clean and fun for kids as long as their arent groups of teenagers smoking and being suburban rebels...
One of the best places to eat in Tempe. The egg plant and garlic aoli are to die for. This place puts the \"yum\" back in hyummus.
I was wondering where all the better reviews of this place went. Here they are.. :D\n\nPH towers was wonderful..\n\nspacious, comfortable and the price was definitely right.
Can't believe I'm writing a review here!Lol. It's McDonald's. I ate my entire allotment of calories in 1 meal. Don't ask.\nBut it included this caramel frappe .\nAnd now, jogging
The Guv...\n\nBecause sometimes clubbin' isn't enough, but superclubbin' is, eh.\n\n_C$
I have been too Chicago and this place is just like it...  must try ingredients shipped from Chicago....
Reliable but nothing special.  And by reliable I mean mediocre fish covered in tons of sauce.  U know: American style Japanese food cooked by Mexicans. \n\n:-)
Me: Can I get a mini tart?\nCashier: $4\nMe: Wow that's expensive for a tart\n\n*takes bite*\n\nMe: I'll get one for the road too
Expensive, but it's Gucci, so you KNOW that even before you step across the threshold. The merchandise is excellent, the service, well.. it's snooty. I didn't expect anything else.
In response to Steven J.... You have to take a number... Like most butcher shops.
Wednesday not good nite. Dancers not allowed to approach men, only ladies. Men still pay entrance and most dancers seem straight, although they have great builds.
1st, look at the pictures I took in Saks Fifth Ave. store!\n\n2nd, look close on their styles, especially the 'crystal MEN pans'\n\n3rd, let's 'WOW' together..... :)
Still waiting on resolution on an issue had back in 2012\/2013. Will update my review if the manager comes through as promised.
Had a wonderful Sweetest Day lunch! The second vice was a bit slow but the food & the view were amazing! So glad we stopped by!
Attractive atmosphere! haha I am a fan of the wings! Good place to meet up with your buddies and have a great time. Hooters!!!
Nathan Goldberg's place where I'm having some 'one-off' T-shirts made along with my color copies.
Always long wait in line to pay. Never enough cashiers. Terrible.\n\nExcellent prices.\n\nVery messy store.\n\nNeed more merchandise in scrapbook department, too many empty displays and shelves.\n\n\nEmployees not helpful.
An amazing menu that's both classic with a contemporary and international penchant. Great service, daily specials and a great atmosphere!
The renovations look great, but where is the Big Kahuna??? That was my favorite wine !!
I went today and wasn't disappointed. Fast professional service and fair pricing. Highly recommended. Will definitely come back for any computer issues.
Everything about this place is bad, don't go here! Rude AF bouncers, no crowd, bad music, just avoid this club!
Why is there no music????? It's silent in here.....not ok. People are having a few drinks in legit silence. Not ok.
Great smoky flavored burger.\n\nAwesome chocolate shake.\n\nCrappy part of town.\n\nMy fries were just okay.\n\nI was WAY hungover.
I have been coming here for a few years now for Vet needs an grooming excellent Dr an Staff always treating our dogs wonderfully.
My date and I sat outside on the second level.  It offered a great view of the strip.\n\nService was prompt despite the crowd.  We didn't try the food.
Here's what you do:\n\nGuacatony\nMaybe a little Caesar salad action (big portion will feed 2)\nAlfredo the Dark\nChocolate Chip Pizza Cookie\n\nDie.
We order Gianni's original calzones all the time for dinner. They're delicious, and mindless.
Eva, the rental consultant was a great help. She was kind, patient, and understanding. I would refer my family and friends to you property anytime!
I only come here for my dog... I find the service is always slow and the food is adequate. Nothing special, unless you have four legs and say WOOF.
I  like Cartel's coffee. Really delicious.
Just throwing my name on the pile. What else needs to be said about this place?\n\nOh, I like to sit at the bar.
I recently had the pleasure of working with this company. Wonderfully professional from estimating to install.  Couldn't be happier.
Carne asada gorditas are the best!!! Best gorditas in town. Try their Horchata too.
Can you stop looking at me like I conquered your nation and burned its villages?
I love you, New Zealand Cafe. Wanna make a sushi baby with you. Don't go anywhere else in\/around Matthews for sushi. Or else...
My entire diet and exercise regimen is centered around banking enough calories to eat these donuts.\n\nThis is only a slight exaggeration.
Nice and clean little cafe, perfect for breakfast.
i got beat up here, completely unprovoked.  this is the WORST place.  NO ONE \nhelped me.  NO ONE who worked there gave a fuck.  fuck tina's.
Saw a Cris Angel show here, spent the extra $$$ and got front row seats. WHAT A SHOW!!!! Metal Concert, meets Magic Show, this dude is KILLER!!!!!
Thanks for spamming my phone with text messages. There's better ways to advertise your restaurant.
Nothing was wrong with this place.\nI just hope I'm not the only one who gets drunk off this half-yard daiquiri...\n\nPS: Maybe I just needed to eat my breakfast.
I avoid all clearchannel stations. Johnjay and Rich are garbage blah blah blah. Kid and Ruben made that station. Now it's just sorry and tired!
Door bitch at entrance trying to mad dog and a dumb bitch waitress trying to make me buy a water. Fuck this place and Fuck them!
Banchan-Check\nMackerel-Check\nBulgogi-Check\nLava hot soup-Check\n\nGet there.
Mac and cheese is really Mac and vinegar with with rubber chicken in water. Absolutely disgusting. Inedible.
They renovated this Tim Hortons. It has a patio in the parking garage now. Aside from that, pretty much the same!
Just tried to go try Burger Fresh for the first time. Shows the hours for today are 11:00 to 10:00 pm but they were closed today! Disappointed!
The food was good & the burgers were definitely fresh! Although it's a fast food type of restaurant, their service was superb & surpassed my expectations.
Racist people don't go to this store they don't like Mexicans very rude employees and manager don't even care
A haiku for Jimmy John's...\n\nTurkey Tom I love,\nSandwich so tasty and fresh,\nA happy belly.\n\nEnjoy, friends and park carefully in those meters!
Whores, Pimps Meth and Bedbugs
The restaurant is good for Korean BBQ of small portion if you don't want to have a BBQ buffet.
If you like roaches in your breakfast burritos... You have come to the right place!!! Won't be coming back here again!  Bleh!!!!
Wow. This food is exceptionally bad. I asked the bartender for a recommendation and what I got was the most flavorless dish I've ever had.
Delivery is super fast. If you think you can jump in the shower after you call in your order, you'll end up answering your door in a towel.
Worst club ive ever been too!! Not one girl dancing! Its a retirement home! Or worse a cemetery!
From iced teas to flavored snow ice, this place is a great spot to relax and talk to girls in bikinis
Lovely day spa.  Fantastic mani\/pedis, massage, facials, tanning.... Everything!!   Very friendly and professional staff. \nHighly recommend this place.
I really want this to be a great place.  I may try it again in the future.
Just amazing garbage food you know? If you are looking to cure a hangover, blaze up and watch a movie and be fat, this should be your jam.
Blech.\n\nI'm always skeptical of a seafood place that has an overwhelming fishy smell as it tells me the seafood isn't that fresh.  Red Lobster has that smell.
Probably the worst hotel I've ever stayed at. Dirty, unfriendly and really bad food. Would not recommend.
Closed at 3:00 on a Saturday afternoon, what's up with that? No hours posted in the window. I would suggest that you call ahead before coming over.
Great boba and milk tea drinks.  Nice relaxed atmosphere.  Great ownership.  A nice place to hangout.
TERRIBLE massage, super sketchy place.. These women have no idea what a massage is.
If you like pizza that taste like it has a cardboard crust than this is the place for you
My experience with this place was horrible. I would never recommend them! Terrible customer service.
The food is amazing.. lots of variety lots of desserts.. so yummy in the tummy.. definitely worth it
Best Indian food EVER.  \nOnly authentic tamarind rice, curd rice and bisibelebath...\n\nPray while you're there too :)  Beautiful temple
So disgusting I was using his phone with the same gloves he making the food. I would not recommend this place
Tried to get in, were told women were only allowed in one day a week? Not sure what law prohibits that but Ok. Never coming back
The host was an old italian man who was very very rude. The bread was stale, calamari overlooked place was terrible
I'm usually long winded in my reviews, but there's not much to say here.\n\nFrankie's is the coolest f'in place in Las Vegas.\n\nPeriod.
Awww, come on people! Does the Gay Egg mean NOTHING to you?!?!?!
Worst, dirty, not clean.Food is cold, bugs\nRestrooms are gross, always have graffiti all over, no one wears gloves
My first and last time here. The food was so terrible that I had to spit out. And the service is bad, too. Definitely won't come back again.
Quality has deteriorated to the point where I drive 15 minutes in each direction for Chinese food now rather than get food from here, 60 seconds from my house.
the best thai in champaign county.\n\nGet the pad thai or the curry.
Used to be my favorite. They got rid of the Toasted Coconut yogurt so now they lost a customer. Terrible management.
$27 for a Yard Long. That's Vegas for you.\n\nAt least the drink wasn't watered down, nor did I experience any bad service.
$8 for the following;\n1\/8 cup of gummies\n1 sucker ($1 here that are 10\/$1 elsewhere)\n1 pack of pop rocks ($1.99).\n\nThey took the fun out of fun candy shops :(
Requested 2 internet quotes and never received a reply. Not very good customer service!
Very caring staff.  P.A. Mr.Fisher is the best.  They return your calls    Thanks Jackie!
All I can say is, I wish I had gone somewhere else. If it weren't for some of the awesome professors then I wouldn't give this place any stars.
The moment I heard mandarin being spoken after I ordered milk tea was the moment I felt real terror.\n\nMy fears were not off the mark.
It's the kinda place where you're certain the employees don't spit in your food.\n\nBest Taco Bell I've been to.
From sales to service this place is a royal clusterfuk.
Vanessa always takes care of me.  \n\nShe deserves more than 5 stars if Yelp would allow it...lol.
Got 2 cold Bud Light bottles and sat at the bar. It was pretty crowded on a recent Thursday, but service was great and beer service was prompt.
Killer staff. Killer chili. Chili Cheese Fries are pretty ripzilla. I choose this place over Steve's ANY DAY OF THE WEEK. Breakfast Sandwiches are on top of the mountain.
This was either the best knish I've ever eaten or I was just really high when I ate it.   \n\nEither way, great experience!!
The food was good. There was a lot of variety of foods. The favorites were Chicken Makhani & Ice cream.
Dear Luxor,\nPlease fix your elevators & get wifi.\nThank you.
Good service- nice folks!\nXpress Yo Self!\nThree thumbs up! I recommend it.\nI'll be going here to get my next custom t-shirt order!
Du ma meiiii. Very good. \n\nAll you can eat quality food. Oh my god.\n\nEvery bite is like an orgasm in mouth.\n\nDu du du du ma mei.\n\nWee ouh wee ouh.
Definitely not worth it no matter how tempting the pastries look in the pics. I wasn't amazed. Tried 5 diff pastries and they were all stale. Won't be returning
Food OK or a little better, service not very good.  Surprise was good beer on tap if that's your pleasure
Send Gordon Ramsay to this place, it a kitchen night mare!\nNasty food, slow service and cheap decor. So many better all you can eat sushi in MTL.
This place sucks, not good Mexican food. The Taco Bell I had the other day was more authentic.
hooorible place!  do not waste your time!wish yelp had zero stars. oh...and do not swear! whatever you do!!!!!!!!!!
Beautiful absolutely amazing experience!\nMedical Qi Gong with JC. \nBrilliant come for a healing. Emotional release. My being is alive.
I love this store great customer service better selection and quality in produce two thumbs up. :)
Special review for people from the British Isle:\n\nThey sell Jaffa Cakes.\n\nEnd of review.
According to my boyfriend, the infamous $6.99 steak special was \"just ok\".\n\nAnd, I'm pretty sure their Thousand Island dressing is what gave me the runs.  Sorry for that visual.
Cheap gas but the location isn't close to anything and it had one of the most disgusting bathrooms ever known to mankind.
Love it!! One of my favorite places to go!
This is one cheap owner. Now he has downsized the soda, and raised the prices. He will eventually save himself out if a business. Poor value, ok quality.
Cold, rainy day = No Line Ups. Dress warm, bring layers and a change of clothes + rain gear and you'll have a good time!
Wow. I REALLY wanted to like going back here, but after the last 3 visits, the food was so terrible. Dry & stale sandwich buns are unacceptable. Sorry.
Total dive... not a single pretty dancer in the joint!   Don't waste $$$ on overpriced admission.
Stopped in here for some food...ended up getting GREAT food! Loved the French style filet mignon! This place opened recently and they are off to a great start!
Ok, so I finally tried their acai bowls and they're AMAZING as well!  I especially love the Strawberry Passion, Go Green, and Raspberry Pecan!
The staff here are great! Some of them have been here for years! If you want top of the line banking customer service this this rocks!!
I had an issue with this company but they resolved it. Great customer service.
Great place to eat and watch the crazy people at Amy's Baking Company from the safety of the fenced off patio .....
A Review In Haiku: Grouchy John's. \n\nOh yes, thanks so much | \nI'd love a couple Starburst |\nWith my chai latte.
Machines:  tight. \nCocktail service:  really really slow. Especially on graveyard. \nFun:  not very. Can't even get a fair shake on these machines. \n\nTaking my red card and moving on.
For vegetarians this place sucks I think I had to get a side salad ... Not fun
I don't expect much when ordering Dominos but seriously...\n\nThe images speak for themselves.
Average food and service. Enjoyed it as much as i would enjoy most other restaurants. Nothing notable worth mentioning.
I went in to look at the GMC Terrain. I asked the salesman what he thought of it. His reply? \"It's Ok, if you can't afford a Cadillac.\"\n\nSERIOUSLY?????
It's a large town center close to LAS, new and clean, plenty parking available, well-organized, great option for shopping, entertainment and restaurants.
do not ever and i mean ever go near this place... they are unprofessional and I would use the word scammers.
First time I have ever seen a roach crawl across the table as dinner was being eaten.
Spoons full of goodness, forks digging into nothing but deliciousness, and knives cutting into wholesomeness. And all this on your plate, all at once. Flower child is food perfection.
This place is so bad, I don't even want to give it the credit of typing right now.
Wynn Hotel's Wing Lei\nReally wanted to like it\nAlas just O.K.
Viva Las Vegas Roll (5 stars)\nCrispy Spicy Tuna Roll\nChicken Wings (Of course)\n2 Sake\n\n5 Stars because this place is special to me :)
Antep serves the best sandwiches in Montreal, and if you're disagree you're wrong.\n\nI could eat these sandwiches all day  errday, son.\n\nYou better tell somebody.
***UPDATE***\n\nI tried them again this Thursday and there were no children or crowds. Looks like I caught them on an off Thursday.\n\nPizza was great as per usual!
It was ok. Felt like it is too over priced for what you get. I am a chocolateaholic and for the chocolate cupcakes that I got its nothing crazy.
they raised the prices to be sort of normal, still a little on the cheap side but not really. So what I'm saying is, nevermind
Cold food,bad service, water down drinks ....don't come here unless you drunk and full already. ROB the manager is the worst ever he is so immature and disrespectful .
If hell is a never-ending frat party that also sucks, then welcome to it mon amis
The young girls at the counter are bitchy but really good ice cream so I keep going back.
Scary.  Dirty.  Overpriced, bad drinks.  Rude wait staff.  \n\nWaste of time.  I'm surprised it's still open.  \n\nAnd we're pretty easy to please - from fancy joints to dive bars.
service and quality are unreliable: one of the best haircuts I've ever had, but mostly mediocre and sometimes really awful service
Such awesome service!  We were a party of 3 adults and 3 kids (6,3,1.5) and the waitstaff and management were simply amazing!!  Super attentive and the food was great!
I have NEVER had a positive experience, at this dealership.\n......and by that, I mean the Sales and Service Areas.\n\n\"and that ain't no bull\"
Jim does a good job and haircut was only 30 bucks!
They're closed down :-(  No longer in business.\nYelp needs more words, so bananas banana orange apple spaceship roof purple.
This place blows my brains!! Authentic Mexican Food + Live Music = 5 stars.
This place was horrible!!! It smelled like we were walking around in in ashtray!!!! The bartender was so rude!! Don't waste your time or money at this place!!
Subway no matter what the location is dog food on bread.  HORRIBLE.
Pew PEw PEW !!!\n\n#remember, what gets shot in vegas, stays in vegas. youknowwhatimsayin?!?!?
Service sucks. .if your American mix with Hispanic your definitely not welcome. Thanks to the young lady that served us 15 minutes laters
one of the most authentic Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas, The prices are ridiculously low and the food is amazing!
They didn't show up for our appointment and didnt have the decency to call.  First impression is unreliable, flaky company.
All hamburgers should be made out of foie gras.\n\nAll resto-bars should be full of gorgeous people.\n\nThankfully L'Assommoir has checked off both of these boxes.
How's everyone enjoying the box spring that's been sitting outside the dumpster for 1 week now!?
Richard is a good guy and he always makes sure my crazy, last-minute, \"no chance in hell that's getting done on time\" orders are done and delivered. Good stuff.
Worst food I've ever had in my life. Spring rolls were hardly cooked & cold on the middle.Noodles were awful as was the shrimp. Don't waste your money !
Going out of business. Run! Grab all the commercial shelving you could possibly need before the vultures come and strip the place!
Great post office. Rather small, hardly any lines! people are very nice and caring!!!!!
This restaurant is quite terrible to its taste in atmosphere and I will never return to this place and general.
Loved it!!  The show was entertaining, funny, romantic, sultry, and simply amazing! \n\nCan't wait to watch this show again. Highly recommend it!
Great salad! I seriously cannot recommend the salad more. And the pita was great too. But damn. Their salads are great
Bland\nBoring\nGeriatric\nNothing new to see, move along.\n\nPlus, turn the GD AC on in the dinning area cheapskates, bless their hearts, but this place needs a major revision....
Overpriced, mediocre, lack of attention to detail and quality. Would not recommend. Don't waste your money.
Amazing service, Great beer and OH MY GOD those Korean Sliders are an orgasm in your mouth!
Second time here and this is the worse haircut I have ever had. . Would have had a better haircut at great clips I'm sure....
Jerk me up before you go go.\nJerk it real good.\nJerkin on heaven's door.\nWe will, we will jerk you.\n\nYou get the picture.
Very colorful, especially if you want to smoke weed surrounded by a bunch of weirdos playing African drums...other than that it is rather boring
Charlie's is truly a despicable establishment. They are sexist and will steal your money.
Excellent job on my hair! It took awhile but it's worth the wait! I love coming here because it's cozy and my stylist Georgette is amazing!!
Very cool place to check out if you're downtown.  Head to the fifth floor to get in some cool views.
Got up and left after waiting 15 min for the waiter ( Josef ) to come by our table. Disorganized restaurant.
Yuck\n\nTwo stars because the margaritas were tasty.  The food was horrible.\n\nEverything tasted pre-made, pre-packaged, and horrifically commercial.  Yuck!
love the drinks and the vibe of this place. hate the smoking. can't handle it!! won't be back until they change their policy.
You couldn't keep me away from the Tempe Library!
Awesome food. Definitely a good place to eat if it is your first time in Madison, WI.
I love the lashes but recently I started using the vitamin c serum and omg! It's amazing only used 3 days and my skin looks amazing. Highly recommend
bleh. tried them once and even when im on a diet craving everything under the moon, i would probably pass up a Lulu's cupcake. they weren't very good.
Came out for happy hour.  Great place for drinks and appies.  There should be plenty of seating and and lots of drink and appetizers to choose from.
Weight area was Very small, and limited. Kinda uncomfortable. Had to get my pump before I hit the pool.
This place gets 5 stars in the charging unauthorized charges to my account category! I put our membership on hold because of it.
The girls look like your uncle Larry's ex wife. Just trailer park butterfaces with fake tits and dumb tattoos. Plus, sketchy management.
I like dogs and I like bears, but I do not like this bar. Ordered a Manhattan (which came out as whisky and dry vermouth) and cost $13. Horrible.
This is how fast food *should* be: spotless facility, exemplary customer service, and delicious chicken nuggets in mah belly.
Had a surgical deep cleaning performed yesterday. Feels and looks great! Didn't have to wait to be seen. The staff was attentive and excellent.
You are not allowed to use the wireless. Thats pretty sad.  But they do have diet coke
I'm visiting Mesa from Denver and I'm burning up. Craving cold ice tea I came to Walgreens.  Bought it. And left feeling accomplished
Clean, neat, well maintianed but best of all is the gas price.\n\nTurbo Charged German Car so mush use Premiun and price was less tht $2.00
Review Haiku!\n\nBest menu item\nCauliflower sage appy\nPizza average\n\nThat's all you need to know!
Jesus Christ founded Siam Terrace in 1992 when he could not find Thai Food on earth like God used to make.
Old. Needs update. Refurbish. Smells like cigarettes. Not crowded casino floor. All this and yet, comfortable.
Terrible can't imagine anyone going here twice.  Zero flavor.  It all tasted the same
You know what a banker is?\n\nSomeone who lends you an umbrella when it's sunny, and demands it back when it rains.\n\nThus sums up my review of Summit Union
Great service and food.    Tortilla Soup was fabulous as was the Pesto Chicken Salad.   Will definitely come back.
Meh. Got a salmon burger and there was too much bun and not enough aioli sauce. Server accommodated with more sauce but not great.
Do yourself a favor and go to Koi Poke right down the street instead. You won't regret it.
Awesome burgers. If I'm gonna go to the grave over cholesterol and heart blockage it might as well be in Sir Lenny's hand basket. Well done.
It's OK, but I prefer Thai Rama.
OMG I just had the chocolate espresso...This is cocaine psychadelic coffee I swear.  I'm so TURNT.
Excellent experience with Zack. He fixed my shattered screen within 30 mins without an appointment! My phone is as good as new!
All-you-can-eat place. Lunch price is low, and I would say the price correctly reflected on the quality.
The kang gai soup has been scientifically proven to cure all ailments including heartbreak. The Squash curry is pretty much the secret to all my successful romantic relationships.
Pathetic service. Most Walmart's are managed better than this dump.
Just like united breaks guitars, metro ruins your night. Awful service, nasty managers, if you do want a pizza order to go!!!\nI hate this place.
Love coming here whenever I'm in town.\n\n$1 bowling at midnight can't go wrong. Decent prices.\n\nThis is where I come to bowl when I'm in LV.
This place has everything you require in a dive bar - jukebox, cigarette machine, very dark atmosphere, shuffle board, pool tables, cheap drinks, laid back crowd.
Dr. Sharma was so pleasant and calming. I was in and out in an hour and would recommend Trails to anyone in need of urgent or regular care.
This theatre is very dirty, bad sound and bad seat layout. I will never go back there again.
All pretty good tonight in room. Not nearly enough electric outlets for my convenience however. Otherwise room is quite good. Not a favorite hotel with so many great choices.
Really lovely place, looks family run.\nDon't come here for anything quick. Expect to take your time and relax.\nNice affordable meals.\nI'd come back!
Awful place for tourists.   If you're not from Vegas do not come here, they only serve locals. \n\n\n*****easily the best bar in Vegas.
Had the tilapia. Tasted like perch. I liked this place much better when it was Paul's. Its still better than Pete's down the street
Great place, until the staff in the kitchen started fighting.\n\nLooks like they were getting physical or something.
Price is a little bit high but it's totally worth it! I perches the eye treatment and it's work great, staff was really kind, great experience
Not my cup of tea at all. Cheesy and creepy and I'm actually extremely open Minded. All i'll say is its just very 'American'
One word.\n\n\n\nBomb.\n\nIts a must try when your in town. For lunch\/Dinner
Ordered a pepperoni pizza.  The crust is thicker and the sauce was a little sweet.
They don't take AMEX and their food is really bland.\n\nGuy Fieri is full of crap. Last time I get burned on a Food Network referral.
Horrible ownership. Rude and inconsiderate of customers. I'm not one to usually complain but this place will never be in my list of places to eat.
It is a great place to get an oversized Reese's Cup.  I love it.   I highly recommend this place.
5 dollars gets you 36 ounces of freshly-brewed-in-house beer (choose from 4) and the rad plastic cups they come in.\n\nThat's all you need to know, ya?
This is going to be short and sweet.  Average-ish food and lower than average service.
No respectable cab driver should ask YOU, the passenger, how to get to your destination.
Huge Walgreens! \n\nStopped by for water and eye drops. \n\nSouvenir items are super cheap! No,we didn't get them. \n\nFriendly and fast cashier. \n\nNot dusty.
If you're in Toronto and really, really need an ascot this may be the place for you.\n\nIt did the trick for me.
We had the Finnochio, and the Brassacre.  Both of them were just OK.\nNothing special.  Will not return.
It's no more than a clinic. Save yourself the frustration and disappointment and go to a real hospital.
Tina's is a bomb shelter of a place. Imagine karaoke night at a mental hospital. So much fun.
Just visiting Vegas for few days, and we found out this boba place occasionally. Highly recommended their rose milk tea, it taste so fresh and natural rose flavor!
Would NOT use this bank.  Unknowledgeable banker didn't know her own products.\nWas a waste of time!\n\nWells Fargo I am staying with you!
I can't find a better deal for such great fish....
Nice shoes to borrow... Fresh air while driving.. This is what you get if you order size 9..
dont even bother wasting your time here
It's like Panda Express, with extra salt. However, the crab legs are legit and HOW MUCH??? THIRTEEN BUCKS??!?!? \n\nCRAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYY ZEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They straight up wouldnt let me get chicken fingers cause I was over twelve this is bullshit i just wanted my damn chicken fingers
Sorry but the service was absolutely the worst ever. We were not even acknowledged. We left.
Gut bomb.\n\nFilled with more rice and beans than anything else, so not even really worth the price.
Decent food. The servers are friendly. Only negatives-took a long time to get our food and they didn't seem busy. The coffee was too bad to drink.
First place in town I found with technicians smarter than me. Best experience and customer service. Highly recommended.
Always find what I'm looking for, always fresh and a well laid out store. In and out and onto my next stop!
Excellent school with pro instructors. Detailed lessons and great environment. Highly recommended.
Dr. Ksenia Stafeeva is amazing! She's brutally honest, knowledgeable, attentive, an more.
If only I could go back in time and book elsewhere.\n\nNot glamorous\nOverpriced\nLow class\nPoor quality \nRooms comparable to a shitty Ramada\nNothing nice\nWould not recommend \nWould never book again
Whoa!!! We went to the chandler BBQ festival and we had they're chocolate covered bacon!!! Talk about so etching so wrong being so right!!!
Great mom and pops auto repair shop. Going here for a couple years whenever something needs to be fixed. Honest, reliable and low prices. Highly recommend
Gross overpriced food with rude ownership. There are several cheaper better alternatives around the area.
The queens here are so rude including the fat ugly ones. If you're looking for bottoms and more bottoms, This is the place for you.
Had water damage from a stoppage, these guys came out quick, worked well with my schedule and were knowledgeable and friendly.
Eh, pass.\n\nEven the boobage wasn't enough to save this Cirque show from being a complete bore.
Its a must to get a tall alchoholic beverage here, so you can walk around like all the other squarebutt tourist and soak up the sin in this city.
Business has been sold. \n\nKC and his adorable Wife are gone.\n\nNew Sushi Chef prepares food different now.
I checked in to find a clogged toilet, dirty underwear in the bathroom, and dirty pillow sheets. I thought I checked in to the Westgate, not the SHITgate.
Very quick service considering the number of guests. Excellent fresh crepes and soy mocha!
These guys were great. Did everything they promised and more. It's really nice to find a business you can trust.
The soup just too salty.    When I complained to the server about that.   They said if u wanna add some soup   U gonna pay $1.50.  WTF.  NEVER COME BACK
Kevin is extremely professional and straight forward. He was very thorough and professional. I would definitely recommend this place. The shop had guns, tools, jewelry, and coins on display.
Worst food ever! OMG can't imagine how bad it is. And overpriced AF! Omg this food doesn't worth a penny
Jason is SO unprofessional and RUDE!! I will never go back again. He yelled at us in front of everyone and made a scene inside.
Very boring pizza, if you don't like garlic, oregano, any spices, and think ketchup is pretty good then this is the spot for you.
Tony's is the best thing ever put on this earth. I love it soooo much I want to MARRY it. I just might have to go again tonight ;-)
great school for advance and professionals
Convenient location close to I-95 and shopping. Safe community. I can't wait to live here!
not much selection located in  a hard to reach area they were  nice just had nothing we were looking for a big fan of the tv show
Excelent. Friendly And courteous staff. Me Hernandez and his family were great!!! Loved the experience!! Their merchandise and the variety of brands  was awesome!!!\nThanks!!!!!\n\nCarlos Diaz
200x sexier than the fifty shades movies, and 500x more awkward to watch for the stoic azn family of three sitting next to me
We decided to eat here after there was a 2 hour wait at the buffet. The lobster eggs Benedict was to die for!!!!!
Great classic Italian. Plus best pizza in Madison. And yes, I've been to Sal's Tomato Pies, so shut up.
#3 on my vegas buffet list.\n\ndesserts r gross. dont eat it. you will have diarrhea. and die.
Stayed here twice both times tv had major digital breakup(unwatchable) no casino attached which can be good or bad wifi sucks balls. Big balls.
Although they had the product I was looking for, I don't think I would venture that far into the NE again.  Not what I was expecting.
Can't get past this: CNF. How can one patronize this place knowing you're getting screwed by a fictitious tax??
These people don't know the Gun Laws.  Unprofessional Business.
I asked three times for a dish and never received it. Heartland location much better.
The beer is mediocre, at best. No respect for the customer. Spend your money elsewhere.
Overpriced and cheap. I get emails from this place almost everyday, and the highest discount I've EVER recalled them having was \"10% off your purchase!!!*\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*purchase must be over $199.99.\"
Tina has been incredible. She does nails, eyelash extentions, waxing, and permanent makeup. I did not know about her referral program until today.
Ben and Joe are amazing you can't ask for a better team thanks for making our night mare a walk in the park
Love Z Pizza! Seriously never had a bad pizza here. ZBQ is delicious!
Note to management: it was my husband's reservation, not mine. Your driver never picked him up. Yes, it was your company.
Gave my wife and I the poops.\nAMAZING service, food was pretty good.\n\nCalled back and spoke with the manager, no result.
Would have given zero if it were available.  While playing bazooka ball an employee swore at my son.  Not professional at all.
I haven't heard from my gf Kassandra in 6 months.\n\nMeatball sub is pretty good.\n\nProbably will have to eat it alone.
*************Now We Know How It Feels To Be Scalped**************\n\nAnyone who thought this was a great event ......... is a member of the Tribe.
how can you not love Costco?!! \n\nand i am an executive (black card) member! it's just more awesome! lol
Quality has gone down over the years. Not as good as it used to be. 8-1-15. I threw it in the garbage. Not going back.  Too bad
Do you want greasy, cheesy, bacon covered goodness that will leave you feeling empty, alone and disgusting? Then this is the place for you!
28x bus \n$3.75 to downtown\n$40-50 Taxi\nWorks if not in super big hurry\nNo train to city
The food & service was pretty good.. but $80 for a small pitcher of Sangria?!?!  Daaayyuuummm..  I started at the bottom but now I'm here.
$12 for a freaking corn, bean and cheese quesadilla?!  You've got to be kidding me.  \n\nHow much could that have cost to make?  $1.50?
RA Sushi has a fantastic happy hour!!! Other than that, there are better places to dine at.
Full service gas station with automotive repairs. Excellent customer service and details oriented.
A bit far from Henderson, but this place is worth the drive.\n$9 per person, bring your own ammo and shoot until you run out.\nGreat staff, too.
Crêpes are very good. Expensive but delicious. Serving them in plastic to-go boxes cheapens them. Sweet crêpes paired well with black coffee.
New location, looks great. I only went in twice but it wasn't busy either time.\n\nIf I workout there, I will update.
Came here to order a cinnamon bagel toasted with butter, got a cinnamon bagel coated with diabetes instead
I love buttless chapps and Zima nite!!  ;)
Sammy's is now gone, and in its place is a check-cashing, gold-buying establishment. This is not good at all.
I know this is probably not their fault, but I lost $200 betting on the Celtics last weekend.
The food was really good but it felt like the waiter was Russian us through our meal
The worst casino ever. Games are old, and don't expect any services. I dropped $160 and didn't even get a free drink. The pay outs are terrible.
Love this place. The grocery store is huge. Fresh produce and fresh frogs. I've always wondered where I could score some fresh live frogs. I wonder no more.
One of the best Thai place I've been to in Toronto. Delivery is fast, large portions and fresh food. Samosas is a must try if you go
Don't go here or any state farm. They are frauds after what they did blaming me for stuff I did not do
Hey if its good enough for Mick Jagger it should be good enough for the rest of us.
i hope the replacement  becomes a real grocery store with competitively-priced items. i will miss their yummy sandwiches and salads!
Will add my \"voice\" to the other reviews here.  He deserves 5 stars.  Thanks to all who recommended him... you did not steer me wrong.
Terrible customer service. Front desk, manager were all extremely rude. Besides being $31 for a single race. Totally not worth it!!!!
Scam artist. Creates fraudulent documents and has judges in his back pocket. stay away.
My favorite part of Cox?   getting overcharged every single month and spending an hour on the phone with those nasty brats.
Cottman is great place to work friendly atmosphere and a family like environment. I LOVE MY JOB !!!!!
Site advertises $30\/hour for takedown of braids and I was told in store that it's $60\/hour for the flat...lol bye bye
Officially the roo--gaah--laa is very tasty in all 3 flavors.  Chocolate, raspberry and apple cinnamon.  K.
Everything a person could want. Tanning, an on-demand fitness room, cardio with a view, and knowledgeable personal trainers. And located in Seven Hills!
It's worst tan before!!! Very bad! All the food don't taste good and not fresh!!! Won't go back anymore for sure!
It's a Target - On a mountain! It has a Starbucks! It has a huge parking lot! Suburban comforts can be found in Pittsburgh!  Life is good again :)
A Wynn Buffet Haiku:\n\nPretty Atmosphere\nBountiful food, prepared fresh\nI'm a big fat pig
Just tried this place out for the first time and all I have to say is move over Rolling Smoke BBQ.  Jessie Rae's BBQ is #1.
Consistency. The best prices on gas all around. This is a clean am pm and the staff are pretty friendly.
oh, i forgot to mention that they HIRE  people to dance on the dance floor. LOL!\n\nthat's how you know it's bad. :|
Brass Taps is Gabby's poor cousin. \n\nIf you have been to Gabby's, that's pretty bad.
They are always super helpful.  Even in returns.  Need to stock more of my size, please.  LOL!
Great parking. Great ice rink \/ pond. Lots of food trucks. Awesome mayor.
Service was horrible. We will not be back. They have a lot of work to do. No comparison to ESPN ZONE! Plus, why the cnf fee? Hidden fees... ridiculous.
Slow service. Food is subpar nowhere near top quality sushi. Wouldn't go back.  Sumo sushi 2 waaaaaaay better
Food is delicious. Pretty authentic. Meatballs actually tasted just like my grandma's.  Satisfied  with everything except the dinner salad that was a tad small. Service was OUTSTANDING! !
5000 years of mediocre food. Nice ambience though.
start your lunch\/dinner with their yia yia's chocolate sheet cake--it is very good!\n\ni prefer their sandwiches and orzo salad!
This place sadly doesn't participate in the Popeye's advertised Tuesday's 2 piece special...  So sad...
-Convenient.\n\n-Quality produce and food.\n\n-Quick self-check out.\n\n-Friendly and helpful staff.\n\n-Excellent mark-downs (these go quickly).\n\n-Good prices.\n\n-Easy parking.
Love the TART fro-yo. This is sweet clean little facility ~ never very busy ~ I hope they make it. \n\nBlessings :  ) KC
Master Ly is the best. Very skilled and works well with kids and adults. I recommend this studio to all my friends.
These tacos will not get you \"faded.\"\n+ Baja style fish tacos are outstanding\n- It has a very \"bro\" atmosphere\n+ The service is friendly
It's a Chinese restaurant, but it's a shame that they are not very nice to Chinese！\n\n\nTo be fair, their food is fine
Not that great, but I'm sure they're awesome if you're drunk or high, that's how Harold and Kumar did it.
We love the staff, curriculum, and family events. I'm glad we chose Primrose!
$45 for an Apple Pie ! ?  What kind of apples are you using ?? $8.00 tin deposit, $53.00  WOW !
Not many options. Sandwiches bland. Roast beef dry and shredded.
We used MoveOn for a long-distance residential move. The team was professional, and everything arrived at destination in good shape and on time. Recommended.
Highly recommend the scallion pancake 蔥油餅 as appetizer.\n\nFor main dish, you can't go wrong with hand-cut beef stew or stir-fried noodles!
Dude.  I had the best time here!  The best part was this place, Benihanas!  Mm!
Ekmark thrives on HOA contention, fanning the flames, never properly advising -using discord as an opportunity to charge huge bills\nBeware!
Prime Rib.... Check\nSnow crab legs.... Check\nCountless desserts... Check\nYou will over eat here so make sure to wear stretchy pants.
No frills, quick service, impeccable eyebrows. For $8. And a punch card. I have no complaints.
Horrible horrible horrible.....Is that the soup nazi I see in the kitchen....no its the owner...OMG stay far far away.....
I love shortbread + this place gave me the most delicious, buttery one EVEEEEEER! The rest of the items looked great but this is all I can remember.
If you want a diploma, this is the place to be. If you want a great quality education, a career, and a life-time fulfillment, look elsewhere!
Nice people. Good food. They always get the order right. My wife sometimes gets a racing heart, but I think that's in her head. I would recommend Jin Jin.
Heidi was very rude.\nNo customer service at all was to busy talking to co-workers then to customers. \n\nPros: Awesome place to find cute items
I'm 67 years old and they wouldn't serve my wife or i because we didn't have our id's with us. They have crappy wings anyway.
I GOT FOOD POISONING. \nI don't enjoy slamming a business but seriously guys. Unacceptable!! \nMultiple reports of food poison here on Yelp in the last month is disturbing
Let's put it this way - I was inspired enough to create a photo essay in powerpoint called 20 Reasons the Luxor Sucks after my stay: http:\/\/www.slideshare.net\/davidberkowitz\/20-reasons-the-luxor-sucks
Simpsons Arcade game!\nProp Cycle!\nMusic games!\nWHAT MORE DO YOU WANT FROM THEM!!!\nShut up and give them your money!
This place is rad, located in the heart of downtown Las Vegas! Come for the great work stay for the stories of the neighborhood crackheads\/weirdos
My wife frequents this location. Always on the look out for crafting ideas and bargins!
Scott was on time and everything looks professionally done. I recommend using him. We may use home down the road for additional rooms.
Fav new lunch spot downtown! Delicious schwarma\/chicken\/falafel and reasonable price point. $4 for a tub of hummus is cheaper than the grocery store and much fresher. Check it out.
It's like the Spanish Tapas, but Japanese style! It was good. I particularly loved the Big Cup beer. It's like drinking a whole pitcher on your own.
this place has been Charlotted. that means a place was once cool and now the soul has been sucked out of it.
I have been dreaming about the cupcakes and cookies that I bought the other day.  I am making another trip here very shortly as should you!
its verry clean room.\nstaff is so kind.\nseong is very nice very handsam\nim coming back for him
Not the worst just bland. got 2 phone calls asking for directions and the order was not correct. Also pricey for what it was.
This place is bad. I'm all for dive bars, but this place is just brutal. I felt dirty just coming here.\n\nBest Nights:\n(choose up to 3)     Never
Order \"the special\" \n\nGreat meal for little money.  Plus you get a beer!....or root beer if you're morman or carry a purse.  Will come again.
This place is a fucking joke..rude ass service I dontt know how you guys stay in bussiness..roger is really rude could got alotta work from me..
Newly opened express Asian American fusion restaurant. A bit on the pricey side for the portion sizes. But it is a neat concept. Service is quick and friendly.
The chickpea fries were awesome! The rest of the food was good...but definitely not worth the price.
super yummy ramen! soft melt in your mouth meat with great soup base! however,  i was not impressed with the curry rice at all. must be ramen!
\"Hi there. Do you have high chairs?\"\n\"No. We don't have high chairs.\"\n\"Um, ok thanks. Bye.\"\n\nNot family friendly. \n\nHow sad.
Not very good food with slow service.  How on earth is a dim sum place always running out of shrimp dumplings... no soy sauce n chilly oil... shameful...
I tried the Chicken curry wrap and it was absolutely disgusting. It literally tasted like there was sand inside.
Why I give this five star is because it's not as packed as lvac and people here are normal, unlike lvac which is packed of affliction tshirt wearing muscleheads
buffalo chicken tacos are the bomb! Service is fast. Love it! Will come back for sure.
What could I say that everybody else hasn't... \n\nThese sandwiches are fucking delicious. \n\nAnd hey Philly Cheesesteak, wanna hang out again?
Horrible service at the front desk. It seemed like they were taking preference for insurance carriers. I will not be returning.
Really great service! Fast and easy! Josh was very knowledgeable and had me check to see that everything was working properly before closing transaction. Would definitely recommend.
Props to these guys for letting Yelp use their venue so last minute for an event with a few hundred people and being gracious hosts.  Thank you
to bad the have ony one line for hard alcohol. \nand specialty people holding the line with litte shit.
No review needed. Just look at the roach picture taken about 15 mins ago. \n\n\nI would post negative stars but I HAVE to rate something. They didn't even apologize!!
Fettucini from a can, anyone? \n\nIf you like paying $10 for tasteless pasta and sauces, this is your place!\n\nStay away and never look back.
Should be called Diarrhea Station because thats where everyone went after eating the vegas rolls.
Horrible place. Mixed messages. Pediatric area receptionist condescending and rude. Plan on packing a lunch here you will wait forever. Try the other dental school
Didn't allow me to put up business cards for pet sittin, but all the other Starbucks in Scottsdale do?\nWww.ArizonaHappyPaws.com
If you want bad food, shitty service and have it served out of a dumpster, than this is the place for you!
Drinks are good, decent priced. They charge a cover fee to watch bands play.\nMy only complaint here is the women's restroom...i'd prefer to be wasted before entering :)
This is the shit! looks like shit!!! oh yeah!!!
Heart! Love! Yum!  Definitely my favorite buffet in Vegas!! =D
This place is ass, my girls were lookin like a snack in line and we were forced to decide between a 20$ cover or dip... we dipped
Crowded, loud, stressful.\nAre two bathroom stalls enough?\nFlat beer makes me sad.  \n\nNeon Nascar lights.\nStop peddling Jello shots! \nDid someone break wind?
What a cute little resturant. Great food, great service! Oscar was our waiter great server and free banana nut muffin for checking in on Yelp!
A 3 hour wait to see a doctor is ridiculous.
Painful to work with - will never respond to your emails or phone calls\nRepresents tenants more than homeowners\nMoved my business from them after completely losing faith in them.
In the words of Bryson Tiller, \"DON'T\" . \nAbsolutely NOT worth it! \nUnorganized \nOverpriced \nDark and Dampy \nMediocre rooms (horrible paint job) \nCarpet looks nasty
spicy fried rice (my latest favorite) or drunken noodles are to die for.
this office is charging a $25 no show fee when i couldnt make my appt because my car wouldnt start!! nicely done!!
Great environment, great food, great everything. Except they have an oompa loompa...and that's hella weird.
Always a good idea to stop in to see what collectibles may be waiting for you!
Prompt and courteous service, spotless car and impressive driver!  Best taxi service we have had in Phoenix.
Staff are very friendly and helpful. And they have literally all kinds of lights there, at such an amazing price! :)
On way to Hustler club, so I give this  place 5 stars!!!
Finally found the the perfect place for a fantastic haircut. Ask for Georgette, she is an awesome hair stylist & super friendly. Will def keep coming back.
Expert motorcycle repair, very skilled and fast.
One of the best gelato I've ever had. So fresh... so good. Great spot in Old town. Lacking a bathroom though. Great space. Super cute.
Value of not driving to Dilworth ...........................................$.99\n\nValue of your GF being REALLY HAPPY with her hair....... PRICELESS !
Your average Fry's. I mainly go to this location because of the Fry's gas station where I can use up my fuel points. A-OK!
GAIJIN have turned this place into an irish pub, wtf.
Good happy hour and nice friendly staff. Nothing special about the place and the food is just ok.
Any company that would write disparaging messages on a customer's receipt should be run out of business. what are you like 3 years old
I've had dominos many times in the past and today this is the worst pizza I've ever had. It was burnt and dry.  Impossible to eat.
Purchased a car used from the and after a year and a half ive replaced the tires, brakes, catalytic converter, and the entire engine. Stay away from this place.
Horrible company! Rude office staff(girls who answer phones) they hold your car hostage just so they can make more money off of it sitting there. Would never recommend them.
Avoid at all costs-food is worse than mediocre-it's horrible. Should be renamed ickybahn. The people who gave positive reviews have obviously never eaten good Asian cuisine.
The $5.25 lunch deal tastes like it's worth $2.00.  It's edible, but it's probably the worst Japanese food you can find in the city.\n\n(What!  There's a second location?!)
Broth sucks. Meat portions are extremely small. 1 whole meatball cut 4 times? Really? Broth is so watered down and diluted it tastes of slightly beefy salt water. Disappointing.
It is the defintion of time period of my life. I love this place so don't come here and ruin it with all your fucking stupidness. Come correct assholes.
Dominic, our food server, delivers five star service! This is quite unusual for places like these so it had to be noted.
MUST READ\nWay to go. This place gets great attention for its toxic staff that delivers more trash talk than correct orders. In food service... The customer is king. \n\nhttp:\/\/www.eater.com\/2015\/5\/8\/8575881\/arizona-restaurant-insults-woman-on-receipt
Wow. Ordered kam pao chicken. It tasted like ass. Horrible. Everything Overpriced. Avoid this place at all costs.
This hotel is nice and is conveniently located just off the major interstate.  The hotel itself has nice rooms and seems newer or at least recently updated.
ピラミットの形をしたホテル。\n窓も斜め、そしてエレベーターも斜めに昇降します。\nこのエレベーターですが、もう古いのかな･･･、相当のガタつきや扉が少し開いたまま動きます。すこし怖い。
Not a huge fan.\nNot a lot of flavor and while it comes out hot.. Doesn't seem fresh. With other options in the area, I don't plan on returning.
I think everyone that had written a review for this place have probably said it all!\n\nI'm so overdue for FIREFLY!
Another great day making a small difference!  It is a fun, energizing place to help make a better world.
Seriously just go grab a burrito at the BP next door and heat it yourself. This place is a joke -- and I'm not kidding :-)
Good value for your dollar.\nFree tanning beds. \nNewer equipment.\n\nBut NO WATER FOUNTAIN ?!?  Easily the most annoying thing about this gym.
I don't plan to go back to the schmucky new Penguin. My business will follow the delightful original owners to their new location, the Diamond.
It was ok.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong items, but I was not impressed with the quality, on the other hand the quantity was very impressive.
The food was creative yet lacked the fusion to make it wow!\nThe atmosphere needs \"something\"
Mike was a great server. Fast service and great recommendations. The rooftop has an awesome view. Good beer selection and lots of things to do. Thanks again Mike!
Lots of parking.  Easiest way to get downtown during busy event days.  Kinda dirty but thats mostly from the slobs who litter.
Z Pizza is pretty alright. What I appreciate most is that they have vegan and gluten free options.
I went to Mood Swings about a year ago...it gave me a mood swing, all right.\nI had a bad, choppy, horrible haircut there.\nI would'nt go back under any circumstances....
Pretty good. I've tasted better, but those little corn side things are yummy. I wish they'd get some gizzards... or at least some buzzards.
What's not to love about this place? Wonderful pastries , incredibly delicious coffee and excellent service! All make for an amazing experience! Starbucks ... I'm hooked !
Small beer glasses. Only one TV but its nice and big.\n\nThe beer glass is way small compared to the water glass. And the bartender pours WAY too much head.
DONT GO HERE\nnot fun \nit's just a bunch of moms grinding on men in full body muscle costumes \nspare yourself the disaster
Finest public restrooms in Lakewood. You heard it here first, kids.
Great spot with variety and quality food. Service was prompt and the omlets and chiliquiles were amazing. I was very impressed and eager to go back.
Classic Tacos all the way! And the delivery drivers are totally sexy!
Great gun show in Phoenix.  Lot's of venders, not so many \"junk tables\"  food was good by prices high.
OMG !! If you fall asleep in the movie theater they will ask you to leave and not refund your money.   Never go to this place.
This venue is the definition of drama. Too many queer-bots and queens. Enjoy your cut-throat evening!
Worst. They are rude and awful people. The owner is a giant douche and seems to hate the world as a result.
Had a quick lunch between two meetings nearby.  It your are in a hurry or just want a good dawg and fries, this is a good quick place.
No siu long bao\/soup-filled dumplings, so we gave it a miss.
Bun and I got upset tummy's after our 2nd time going...immediately after coming home and eating this for dinner
Wish my dogs weren't such crybabies!  They would rather pant on the Towpath than mingle with other canines! Works for me, though!  Nice park. Ample parking.
Nice fishmonger around the high street in Islington. I bought a squeed, and it was fresh and delicious.
It's a McDonald's. On the strip. Open 24 hours.\n\n$5 bucks for 20 piece chicken nuggets at 3am after dancing and drinking with my girls at Drai's?\n\nCLUTCHHHHHHH.
Useless. 80% of the merchandise is snake oil. The rest is overpriced kale snacks.
What happened to the famous 1.00 Hot Dog! Now they have 2 for 5 bucks, what a dissapointment. Once again something great is changed for the Almighty dollar. Greed
- Flight out of Boston, 5am.\n\n- Land in Charlotte for 2 hour layover, 7am.\n\n- Delish breakfast at Fox, 7:30am.\n\n- First Bloody Mary evah, 7:45am.\n\n- Second..... 8am....
Wtf do you mean you don't serve frappes at 10pm. People need their coffee. This is 2017 get with the program!
Really impressed with this place.\n\nHad the Green currie, spring rolls, satay shrimp  and mango salad!!\n\nALL WERE GREAT!!! Highly recommend the Green Currie & Satay Shrimp!!\n\nDefinitely going back!!
Food selection=5 star\nQuality=4 star\nEmployee friendliness=2 star\nPrices= 0 star\n\nJust gotta say, I'm not a Whole Foods lover.
Hey, wtf...I don't own a car wash!  Jesus.
WTF is this show about?! \n\nWho gives a shit?! Go see it! You won't regret it. \n\nJust don't go with your mom. Or actually, that might be interesting...
Review is for the casino only:\n\nI lost $60 in under an hour at the $10 blackjack tables my first night.  OUCH.
I'm sure that they are great and all but I wouldn't know since they  don't answer emails from prospective students. Perhaps they are not in business anymore?? :(
Spicy\nGreasy\nCrunchy\nTasty\nJuicy\nDirty Rice\nRice and Beans\nSeasoned Fries\nChicken\nMore chicken\n\nPopeye's Rules!
It's a cute concept, fun place buy the food selection needs to be more substantial.  It's just a glorified bar.
Still waiting for Raffi to show up for an appointment. No return calls after leaving several messages. Text message also no response
I came here with friends and one of my friends was robbed 500 dollars after going to the vip room this place needs to be closed
Disappointed! Was told to come at 6 am for boxes from the manager and went to get them and they said \"we don't have any sorry\" kind of rude!
I can't say I have ever been happier at a place I work! Fantastic individuals all around! And this comes from a contract employee, they treat me like family!
Le meilleur General Tao qui m'a ete permis de manger au Canada et aux USA a date
This KFC SUCKS! 2night the drive thru clerk asked,\"Like to try our grilled wings?\" I said \"yes.\" She said, \"sorry- we don't have any.\" WTF?
Great food and a very nice atmosphere...especially for atown as small as Mahomet. A bit $$ but not terribly unreasonable.
A Negra Modelo, a giant steak burrito, a lovely patio, and I rolled out feeling like a python that had swallowed a goat.  All win, and for only $11.
Pan-a-go, Pan-ay-go?  Alas, I, and the world will never know.  What I do know is that the $5 personal pizza lunch special is Pan-a-win! Pan-ay-win? \n\nTip: Chicken Club
Food is excellent. Macaroons are delish. Super into it. No substitutions rule: so French, so chic, so annoying.
Very accommodating and great work!  I made something very custom and they spent the time to make it great.
Carefree Resort...not my choice.  I can \"care less\" about this place.  Rooms smell like a sewer and the employees are not friendly.  I hope I won't be returning!
Hate to say it, but my waitress sucks.  I've never had a bad experience here but this time is wired
LOVE you guys!!!\n\nask for Siam and tell him Dominique sent you!
We walked in there and got rude looks from people. The waitress clearly saw us, but did not come by at all. Bye Felicia!
Bland pizza.  Not particularly horrible nor particularly good.  Staff that cared more about what's playing on the tv screen than keeping the tables clean.  But a nice space otherwise.
garbage service. I was very disappointed in the lack of communication. all I herd was come tomorrow.
Outstanding complex. Been living here over 3 years and am in no hurry to move.
-Outstanding food.\n\n-Fries are truly addicting!\n\n-Very inexpensive prices.\n\n-Very clean.\n\n-Questionable area.\n\n-Plenty of parking.
These clowns sent me burnt brownies. I wish when I ordered online that it would have stated \"our employees are clowns\" and \"we hope you enjoy burnt brownies.\"
Two words- Smokey Forest.
Still funny as hell after all these years!  Great show!   Small intimate theater where every seat is good.
I stopped at Benedict's again for a BLT.  It was fantastic.  I also grabbed a pecan \/ chocolate tart, it was really delicious and rich.
STAY AWAY from them if you want to keep your credit rating good. They LIE. Its all a scam. We could never use it. Paying for nothing. STAY AWAY..
Sales woman stopped my wife and I at the door. Asked if we wanted a flyer. Looked at us and said: \"the clearance section is in the back\".
WTF is this big ball of MSG or salt in this chicken fried rice that I had picked up for delivery today! DISGUSTING & DEFINITELY NOT ACCEPTABLE!!!
Real life angels. Throwing up for 12 hours to skipping to my car in less than an hour
I love this restaurant!  Must return (but this is but one more reason to come to LV) !!! *6 Solid Stars*\n\npix laters...\n\n- 1 STAR for the attitude with reservations
Sigh.  I know I'm about to commit Champaign-Urbana blasphemy, but...\n\nI don't get the hype.
No ice.\n\nOut of menu items.\n\nDirty looks abound.\n\nI won't be coming back.
Strawberry and Bellini Mix w\/ 3 extra shots and 3 ($1) jello shots and you will see me do it with no hands!
Saw owner wipe the tops of the red ketchup bottles with the same rag he used to clean the table. Won't go back.
The mall itself is finally closed. Giant Eagle remains its only tenant. PCM's future remains uncertain. \n\nhttp:\/\/pittsburgh.cbslocal.com\/2013\/05\/30\/whats-the-future-for-now-closed-parkway-center-mall\/\n\nhttp:\/\/triblive.com\/business\/headlines\/3259467-74\/mall-center-parkway#axzz2YPzeGErp
Drove here just to eat dinner. \nWhat other idiot would drive almost 4 hours for dinner then turn around and drive home? \nThis one.
Gelato was not worth remembering, unfortunately.\nCute little shop featuring sweets and limited foods. May try again, but first go around was a dud.
This store is no longer in the Fashion Show Mall.  Looks like bad business moved out.
Service at this location also leaves something to be desired!  And, the food, 'oh bf, please don't make me ever go there again!'
Best Macy's in Las Vegas! Large selection of everything. Shopping here is a lot of fun.
Horrible.  This place gives inedible chinese food a bad name.  After my meal I drove straight to the pharmacy for a preemptive purchase of Imodium and Pepto.
I LOVE this place! Place is clean and everyone who works here is super friendly. I absolutely enjoy going to this place to get beautified!
Well, this place, filling an erstwhile giant hole in the ground on Madison's near-west side, is a Taj MahTarget. One wonders what its impact will be on Metcalfe's\/Sentry.
These people are so awesome I just can't say enough nice things about them Jessica is outstanding and Barbara too highly recommended
Worst corned beef hash I have ever had. Homemade but the canned was much better. Never order again. May not even go back.
Fujiya stocks Gentleman's Pocky while Ranch 99 doesn't. That's at least 3 stars right there.\n\n(more stars perhaps if I ever go to Fujiya for anything else)
Haley with the Cat Ears was such a great sever! Haley was super attentive and super nice! I will definitely be back to visit her.
Clean store,  nice staff, decent location, and good smoothies. Come between 5p any day and get 1 smoothie free when your purchase 2.
Great park in a great neighborhood. Fun for the whole family. The playground has a lot of great options for kids, too.
I've been a few times.  The table top grilling is fun, but things are kind of expensive for what you get.  I still miss 56 East.
I don't mind if there's no shower, or public change room. But i wish they can at least provide water fountain. How basic does it have to be?
I like the blizzards here. They have a different flavor each month. The service is always fast and the quality always consistent. My quick fix desert stop.
This little plaza has a supermarket, restaurant, food court, eateries, and little shops.  They still have a few empty store fronts, but the mall was packed with people.
Wow, what a gem! Incredibly fresh food! Extremely helpful and friendly staff! This was our first time visiting Ocean Poke Co, cant wait to go again!
Man--these burgers are good.  There is nothing remotely comparable back East and that is truly very, very sad.
Service is fast every time I come here. The dining room is usually vacant. The chicken is nice and moist and the gravy is exceptional.
They ran out of beer cups..... drank out of plastic cups. They ran out of fries......LOL\nThey ran out of chicken....\nI paid cover for this.....\n\nY'all suck.
Awesome location close to home, 95, and next to Golden Spoon. Staff are always friendly and speedy drive thru is a plus!
I love this place ! the service was top notch, merlot was great, prices I was very happy with . \n\nI think I'm gonna be a regular .
We had so much fun playing scrabble and eating yummy food and enjoying the delicious cucumber cocktail. Hailey our server was wonderful!!
When I want to experience some yelling and real attitude, this is my no1 choice. \nThe food is okay but some of the serveur(se) have some serious problems.
Quoth theYerg, Nevermore...
I love this location...with my addition being the kale caesar salad. The customer service as always is superb.  Chop shop is one of my favorite go to places!
Worst club I've ever been to. Strippers were terrible. People were terrible. Do not recommend to anybody. Fuck those people
Yay for being open whenever I needed you to be.\n\nYay for seeing Jeremy Piven right outside!\n\nYay for caffeine!\n\nBoo to higher prices, but that's Vegas.
Wonderful place to eat, the food is outstanding and so is the service. It's a favorite when in the area.
There was a cockroach in the bathroom. I didnt ask for one. I trapped it and they removed it and gave me 10% off.
horrible salesman.  trying to get you to pay $5k for bull shit promises.  stay away.  not worth your time or money.
A great place to have a conversation & have fun...very relaxed environment...with beautiful backgrounds...wasn't very busy for a Saturday which is VERY surprising....food was good too..will go back...
fantastic music venue. cute boys. relatively cheap drinks. marvelous ambiance. the name is just the icing on the cake.
Reluctantly returned here for Friday Afterhours.....Such a pathetic scene, loser dance music & pathetic people,  ugh. Why people keep coming back here is beyond me.
They gave us a handicap room and oh my gossssh...the bathroom is not so functional for a non handicap person. :(
Fast, clean and courteous. Best cab service in the valley.
[asychronous voice over in a gravelly voice]\n\n.... ah, you ah good.  Velly good.  But Berragio's Buffet-Fu is bettah!  HAI-YAH!\n\n[\/placeholder]
I want to make love to your cheese buns. Not just sex. Love. Also, I am lactose intolerant. My life is in shambles.
E eww  so gross! came here to get some cool new  threads, place is full of cloths but I think some of them cloths are used ewwwwwwwwwww.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nLol great place!
Might be my new favorite Thai place. Try the crispy pad Thai! Thai tea is super yummy. And the spring rolls!  I'll definitely be back.
Stop making me pull out my weeds when you still haven't fixed the sidewalks, and pick up all the dog shit all over the neighborhood.
Great place on the water nice people good food good drinks great atmosphere nice vans beautiful lights nice houses cool trees nice tables
oOoOooH I hit the jackpot in Vegas!\n\nNot $$$!\n\n4 dollar steak and eggs!\n\ndirt cheap & delicious\n(also service was wonderful)\n\nNuff said... :)
I would have given 6 stars, but the bartender (nice guy) forgot a beverage napkin... Would come back.
Best pizza! My absolute favorite. This is a family owned place!! Wish there were more, but I will drive to surprise in a heartbeat for this pizza.
Updated my review to 1 star, then reconsidered given extenuating circumstances. I got no problem with C'n'C.
Scott was great. He came to the house quickly, did the job quickly and well. Very happy with the service and will use again!
Great looking store. The daily specials are very affordable. My favorite pizza here is a regular pie with sausage and mushroom with extra sauce. Chicken wings are tasty, too.
uh 10\/10 recommend after getting served by THE SHAWN MENDES. even tho the drinks he served were bad, the looks he served were pretty great
This is defiantly the best of the best.  Best patio in PHX\/SDL.  It is pricey but well worth the money.
Good location but Low quality of sushi and terrible service! The service here is super slow! and server forgot your order such a terrible experience.
I love their food!!!!!  Skyline Chili is the Best!\n\nI come from Arizona just to enjoy their food!!!!
Professional staff. True chefs. Nothing artificial. Servers who remember you and treat you as a friend. Fantastic vegetable kebob and stew. World class.
Good lord! Get a better ventilation system if you are going to let people smoke inside. I walked in and walked back out immediately. Way too smokey.
This store is very clean and inviting,it has everything you need,fresh foods,cold cuts sea food,cosmetics..everything you can think of..I would recommend this location..
Lunch is pretty cheap.\nBoogers on the men's room walls.\nOrder the French dip.
See photo attached to see explanation for the 1 star. \n\n5 words:\nBUGS. IN. MY. MISO. SOUP. \n\nTheir response to this \"we will give you a free miso soup\".
Dont understand hockey too much..Im not Canadian..nor am I a Communist..  Been to a few games and its always inexpensive for tickets and they sell beer!
Place sucks. Straight up, I'm returning with vengeance. Fuck this place. These are some bland meat submarines. Music is too loud too.
Just paid your bouncer Evan Fertig 20 bucks to get in during the summer because I had shorts. This club is awful.
UPDATE:  I had to give the mattress away...wasting my hard earned money.  I developed a \"rare form of arthritis\" from the off-gassing of the Stress O Pedic mattress.
It's like they fitted an ESPN sportszone with big hair, spandex, and attitude.  Average food but it can slip because, hey...it's Alice Cooper.\n\nBeware of the big unit.  Seriously.
Not a fake review. Check your system I was a member two years ago and left because of the way we were treated.
Had been many times and that's my place when I'm craving kabob. Everything tastes fresh and stuff is very friendly and polite. I recommend to try this restaraunt
Horrible, im literally excited my lease is up soon. Im still waiting for the work order to be done.
Was great when it first opened. Now it's just a noisy bar. Wish they'd just focus on making good Mexican food at reasonable prices without charging extra for salsa.
Worth the 30 min drive Lynn is professional and talented and she is also a very sweet person who cares about her clients
If you like used car dealers and paying thousands up front. ....being grilled with very personal questions.....rude SALES people.  ...\n.....hey....give em a try.
I love harveys I wish we had then in new york. Burger was decent but the experience was amazing, I still talk about this place a year after going.
***The nice sight of Chagrin Water Falls completes this small, idyllic town located outside of Cleveland***\n\nFree street parking is available.
Over priced\nOverhyped\nOver sauced\nUnder seasoned\n\nDo not waste your time. Stick to real Arabic food spots around there!
A nasty bar serving nasty food.  A dog walking around.  Beer was bad, food was even worse.  A very poor place!
Excellent!  Especially the calamari and rack of lamb. Glad we finally got to try this new restaurant and we will be back
uhh I just tasted the chicken gyro... It is NEXT on my list of things to eat.
It's Wal-Mart.\n\nThe greeter when I usually go is pretty awesome though, so an extra star for that. Dude has charisma.\n\nBut still. It's Wal-Mart.
Hahah cool bar and all but why is Shawn Mendes Bartending? We waited so long for drinks and they turned out gross.
Michelle and Ashley were amazing!! The nachos were so good and so were our \"lil tacos\" and got to play a board game while we ate!!!
Great for watching sports but that's about it. The service is more than lacking. That's about it..Dont want to spend too much more time writing about it.
Best greyhound in the east coast. Been here several times, and the employees are the most helpful, and friendliest I've seen.
Always a beautiful experience \nAtmosphere is serene and calming\nDr Lee is one of the best\nHighly recommend
$5 blackjack...even at peak  times!  Stella and Blue Moon on tap!  The bartenders are cool too.   Great place to play video poker and drink with reckless abandon.
cinna' ma buuuuuns.\n\nok, well, not cinnamon buns.  but the cinnamon cheese muffins.\n\nyes, please.\n\nmy ass thanks you.
Don't even bother- underpoured drinks, sad dancers, and awful music. My dog can dance better than those women. To boot the place is grody and disgusting
Didja know that old Century III was sold to a Las Vegas-based firm last week? \n\nhttp:\/\/www.post-gazette.com\/stories\/business\/news\/century-iii-mall-sold-for-105m-690565\/\n\nThere are plans to revitalize it. Hmmmm. Let's see how this plays out.
Staff is uninterested in customer service. Water pressure is practically non-existent. Valet parking lost my car. So-called food is unpalatable. Out of soap. Sad.
Only 3 stars from me because they still live in the dark ages and don't take credit, and the counter is occasionally under the control of a total douche-bag.
Today's service was definitely the best it's been. The drive thru was quick and courteous and even did so with a smile.
A very cheap show.  Corny and cheesy dances.  There were maybe two boys there that was cute, but yeah...
I don't know how these stores stay in business \ntheir stuff is always expensive the staff are always unfriendly
Quite possibly the best mochi I've had. What else is there to say? Will definitely be back next time I am in town.
I really do need to update this review because I forgot to say,\n\nThank You
Once again their milk machine is broken! No milkshake for us! Seriously J Box, get it together at this location!
Nightmare check in process. Been waiting in line an hour already with anxious kids. Probably another hour before they get to me. I won't be back.
[For the full review with pictures, see the link to my blog on my profile.]\n\nRestaurant Guy Savoy is Greece-bailout expensive, but it really is last-meal good!
It's sort of meh. They need more protein selections and fresh items at the taco bar. Salad bar is not horrible but fairly basic.
It's a sports bar. The food was OK.  Plenty of beers.
Really the service here is awful. I thought previous reviews must have been exaggerated. They aren't. It's horrible.
Great people. Feels great and you are completely relaxed after best in Charlotte
Do you like Chipotle but hate when it gets a little too tasty? Then try Panchero's!
This is how I felt after eating all the sweet, carb-ey, caramely, chocolatey, ice-creamey marshmellow-ey delectable treats from the show\n\nhttp:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=hCDmT7kRuuc
High Point is great. In response to Nick S.'s review, it's actually Creative RECREATION. LOL!
My experience and the staff at Sono Bello have exceeded my expectations!  Everything has been great, from the consultation to the post-operative follow-up appointments.
Really good selection. Really shitty service. Great location and clean. Love the hot bar and the sandwich shop....hard to find anyone knowledgeable that works there....and some are just obnoxious.
We love Master Ly. She is wonderful with our kids. Our boys have learned so much and love going to class. We have been very happy here.
Absolutely terrible. Rude, dirty and poor quality. Nothing like putting a bad taste in your mouth.
Food was decent for what it is.\n Generous portions,friendly counter guy.\nPlace probably would fail a health inspection thou.\nNever going back!
I buy and sell a fair amount of sports memorabilia and Pristine Auction is my favorite online auction house. Always good communication, which I prize greatly.
I asked for a fresh chocolate cake, instead I was given a very weird cake which was labelled as a chocolate cake! Ruined the surprise for a friend!
This might be the worst place on Earth.  It looks like a prison inside.  I'll probably see you there this weekend.
Last time I ate at Roberto's was over a year ago, had the carne asada burrito and threw up half way eating it.
I got Terrible's diarrhea the next day. Small selection of dishes.
Affordable, friendly, efficient and accommodating is how I would describe the employees at Express Home Flooring. A plus all around.
Food here is not bad... gambling OK. Roaches in our room = BAD.\nAlso the neighbors were hump o holics and LOUD as hell.
Good food but unbelievably slow \n\nWaited in a line of five people for 20 minutes \n\nSeems like their internet orders are more important than their in store customers
It would had gotten 5 starts if they had sashimi.\nVERY OVERPRICED!!! Small portions!
The place was empty which should have been a clue but we ordered anyways.  The food was subpar, no flavor in either sandwich. Not worth the money.
Clean store, decent prices and friendly service. They have clothes for kids and adults. It's a decent sized store and have a good variety of clothes.
Great service. The apartment office team did a great job, very friendly and courteous during the move in process. Very clean apartment and everything is working properly. Thanks.
A little too expensive. Bad haircut. \nIf going here for a men's haircut, avoid Renee.
You can literally watch them not pour u a beer. They are just standing there not going it. Give me my beer!!!
Absolutely ridiculous to charge $150 for entrance per person. Really wanted to try this place out.
For sleazebags who don't want to admit they're sleazebags. Non-alcoholic beverages in Patpong...that's the motif, if that's your thing.
Hubby got cashew chicken and wanted to take a bath in the sauce it was so good. The potstickers are to die for and so are the eggrolls. YUM!
Don't waste your time. Unethical company, overpriced. Take my advice and stay far away. Legitimate businesses don't spam.
A half-bottle of Pepto-Bismol later... I quite regretted trying their gut-bombs on a plate.
Water. Fountains. Baseball. Paths. Trees. Ducks. Benches. Green-ness.\n\nGood.
It was under construction, was hoping for some fun ambience and a cool design in our mochas and lattes but that didn't happen. So so. Starbucks would've been better.
The jacuzzi looks disgusting, the water is gunky and greenish and they do not change it, they just increase the temperature....I insist...What a dump!
This place has great AC.  Delicious iced lattes.  Decent prices.  Impolite, slow service.  This is the SOUTH for crying out loud.  Give us some love!
$50 for a mat!?!?  I am extremely bothered by this.  Is this a rip off or what?  The worst purchase I have EVER made.
Why no matter if you eat there or get it togo the burgers are never warm? I am not a fan of the Sonic... :(
A Tully's is what it is. The same everywhere. The difference at this location is the young lady who is there at 7:00 am. She is great!
I love these guys. They take care of me every time I am in their shop. I will come back for window tinting in the future.
Had a couple beers at this out of the way dive bar.  Rough crowd.
If this is any indication of how good it is, my daughter will NOT leave me alone to taker there weekly........
Staff is very friendly and advise of alternatives when your need isn't offered here. Shop is extremely convenient and they can laminate pretty much any size paper.
Great service but the course and bunkers were so bad no one should play on this course.
How can you go wrong with discounted chocolate?!? Even as a fitness and health enthusiast, I love it!
Where am I?  Am I in Strausberg?\nAnd did that Garson really just slap himself for spilling wine?\n\nWill frequent...from Boston.
Made a reservation and ended up leaving ..\nIt is only served as 6 course meal ...\nRun down and shitty inside ..\nRude employees!
$2.00 charge for ice. Whiskey on the the rocks = $5.00 for whiskey, $2.00 for ice. Verified with the waitress that this was the policy. 'Nuff said.
I love any place where it seems like I'm the smartest person. Yeah I know, that's an arrogant statement.  I stand behind it.  CPCC get your learn on YO!
I have to say the service is super fast. \nHowever, only some of sashimi are fresh. The majority of deli don't taste good. The food doesn't deserve the price.
Good location with a drive through pharmacy and Minute Clinic. The weekly deals are pretty good as is the service.
The food is top notch, very authentic. It is expensive, but for a reason. The margaritas are amazing.
They're Great customer services!! Store manager Ken was so kind and quick response too. I'll be back there again for sure! Thank you for awesome service;)
This show should be called ZumanTITIES.\n\nI saw a lot of it.
Update: since my last review they seem to have gotten their act together. My server was on top of things and the food was good. Glad tgeyve shaped up!
The performance of Zummanity Show left me feeling a little sensual....perfect to take your romantic partner.'\n\nVery sexy and riveting!
Great shops like Men's Warehouse and Uptown Cheapskate. There's also a Menchie's frozen yogurt , Walmart, Bank of America and restaurants located at this plaza.
Convenient location as they have 24\/7 water dispensary. Inside of the store, they sell candy, drinks and Thrifty ice cream. Owner is very friendly.
Very bad services everyone had attitude and was very rude and disrespectful bathroom smells like garbage I almost passed out and they missed up my order