It's a giant Best Buy with 66 registers.  I don't get it.  What's the big deal about this place??
Our family LOVES the food here. Quick, friendly, delicious, and a great restaurant to take kids to. 5 stars!
Best chinese resto. Highly recommended. 5 stars. Let us support this business. Best in the west valley. Trust me you wont gi wrong coming to this place
I really enjoyed my visit here.\nEverything was visually appealing to me.\nAmbiance was great. Food tasted amazing. Service was . No complaints at all
Very nice eating environment and the food are quite nice. Very native Japanese style.
We had dinner here and the food was excellent and the service couldn't have been better!\nThanks Jose! \nWe will be back for sure.
Easily entering my top 3 restaurants in Charlotte after just one visit!\n\nPork Belly, unreal! Had an AMAZING prime NY Strip with bourbon butter jam, PHENOMENAL!
Great cocktails and very good food.  Overall first class restaurant.
Met an old close friend for dinner at Portofino.  Great intimate dinning with class. Excellent pasta and meat dishes. Delightful service and great drinks. Will come back!
Yum!! Had the kale grits and would definitely have those again! Menu choices are unique, farm fresh and delicious!
These burgers are phenomenal! The Galley Boy just melts in your mouth, and paired with the potato teasers and a milkshake it is like heaven on Earth.
I got stuck in Myrtle Beach last week and stayed here waiting for another flight.  Very clean, comfortable and right near the airport.  I would definitely stay again.
Quiet bar and grill great waitress and the margarita pizza was very good. Small sign out front and almost missed the place.
Awful place. Staff is not nice, very rude.  They never seem to want to help at all..Their service is not up to par & always out of bagels
Really happy to have such a unique place like this in Phoenix. The Tea was tasty and the interior is very well laid out. Will definitely come back!
the few times i ordered from here i was greatly disappointed. freezer burned strawberry ice cream, microwaved food and run of the mill breakfast.
Just ok. Not a fun true busy dim sum place and I'm so sure they don't make their own food. Won't be back soon.
Best Thai food ever! Love the mango curry especially and everything. They have great bubble tea too. Very nice service very polite.
We've shopped there for several years and always enjoyed the savings but this year I'm shopping for hoodies for the less fortunate.  Thank you Antigua.
What an awesome pool party!!! I wish there was a tad more interactive aspects. I want hot girls and guys spraying champagne all over us or dancing with us.
Excellent shortbread.  Koodos to Ms. Mary and her oh so good chocolate crunch shortbread cookies.
LK is a great technician! He makes you feel relaxed and comfortable, as well as being extremely attentive to your nails.
Amazing!!! Clean and pretty! Best service I've been in Las Vegas! Everyone are so nice! And all the design are perfect
I've been here 2x wasn't impressed the first time figured give them a second try. There latte doesn't impress me I'd rather goto the Starbucks adjacent to this spot
Service was amazing, Christina was extremely tentative and took care of our whole group. Asked about splitting checks from the beginning which for a large group is very convenient!
Great environment, I loved their meat jun. Very flavorful. Also they give side dishes which is definitely a bonus
Thank you so much Tanner!  Fantastic job.  Super nice clean shop.  Respectful, professional.  Just great.  \n\nthanks again.
Good environment, I ordered the famous meatloaf and it is large but a little bit salty. The waitress is not that friendly but overall I had a great experience.
Wonderful cookies, but don't order delivery. Took almost 2 hours to deliver less than a mile.... and no refund.
Food taste Ok. I like the pasta selection. However, there is No seafood choices at all. If you are looking for seafood, skip this place.
Good fresh and home cooked food. Loved breakfast especially biscuits and gravy Small quaint place that does get busy. Decent pricing.
We love the all you can eat king crab legs on Tuesdays. Service is good. The food is good. I enjoy the quick soup and salad for lunch.
From out of state and rolled up.  Richard greeted us and we had great customer service.  Thanks so much.
Amazing service, great vibe, and fair prices.  Their Asian\/Hawaiian fusion was perfect.  We'll be back!
Real friends show up with BOSA donuts when things are awry. Their boba tea is yummy but needs more ball choices.
Great food and greatCustomer service.They messed up my order and when they realized they apologized and returned our money.
This place rules! Best tacos in town and not too pricy! Always clean and has an awesome patio.   Staff is friendly, very welcoming.  Will def be back!
Food is prepared fresh and flavored are great. Eaten three lunches and all were great. Service is a combined effort, so they on top of any needs.
Awesome food and service! Really wish we had one in Oahu! Our servers were on it! Thank you for working it out and fitting in our party of 9!
My favorite burger joint! Simple, yet delicious! Service is always great with cheerful greetings and happy smiles.
Good place always willing to stop by n shop. Hate that they dnt have what they are kniwn for but some of the buttenders help out !
Fabulous. A friend took me here last night. Wonderful food, we had panang curry, duck fried rice and Chilean sea bass.  What a wonderful combination of flavors.
Christian and joe!! 5 stars!\nThanks for the quick resolution!\nGot the tech scheduled as best they could as quick they could and we're professional the whole time.
Chilaquiles is on point. I bought them last and saved them for breakfast today. The sauce and tortillas were SO good!
Awful. Nearly inedible... even for airport food. \nDon't push the \"prompt service\" button on the table. The waitress said that they ignore it. \nKeep walking.
Much better coffee than the big chains.  This is a great place for a quick lunch or breakfast and the drive through makes caffeine fill ups easy.
Dr. Roach and staff are wonderful. Keisha is an amazing groomer too! We love this place. It is clean, efficient, and a state of the art facility.
Good luck getting an appointment  before you end up in the E.R.
Freaking BOMB Macaroni & Cheese and Everything Else was Awesome as well great Service again everything was OUTSTANDING
These are sooo good!  I'm having Bulgogi dog cravings right now!  So tasty!  Want to go back and try the carne asada fries too!  See you soon!
The best aged angus burger fed on carrots..... the staff is awesome too.... can't wait to go back....
Jodi the salesperson design of the layout of the cabinets was excellent.\nJayson installed the cabinets professionally. \nThe staff and materials used high quality.
I'm so..... Heated... I bought the 3 amigo and it was amazing.... I can't believe they'd serve me something this good
Fair pricing. Quick response. Great junk removal. Brandon gets it done.
Great food and have good vegetarian options. Always busy  lots of great sauces to choose from
Great-tasting deep dish pizzas.  They make a mean calzone as well.  I'm a little sad that they don't use fresh mushrooms.
I LOVE THEIR CHICKEN STREET TACOS!!!  Btw this Rubio is inside the Monte Carlo ( MGM Resorts employees like Aria,Vdara,Luxor,Mirage etc..) gets 15% off just show your employees I.d.
I went here  they were about to close but the cashier was especially helpful ..but I guess they were tired of work...
Very simple,  yet very tasty wraps.  Corn chowder soup was ok, but the Ravi soup was great with lots of authentic Indian spices.
Authentic and Rustic full of ambiance.. Great for families aswell as romantic dinners.. Ahhh the memories
Reclining chairs with arm rests that rise are very comfortable. Movie prices are rising more and more.
third time I have had my eyelashes done, good service, awesome staff, reasonable prices...highly recommend!
Great food and prices.  Servings are generous and the atmosphere is good.  A nice place for traditional Mexican in Old Town.  Really liked the Pollo Relleno.
Below average food. The service can be spotty, depending on the time of day.\n\nJust..look elsehwere. I'm surprised they are still in business.
The food is great and the prices are reasonable. They give you a nice amount of food for what you pay for.
Great steak. Great service. Cool venue. Although it's died down a bit, this place is still always on my radar for good food.
Had the soup and sandwich.  Wow, it was great.  I can't wait to return.
Best fried pickles in town! Great prices, fabulous and friendly staff. Zero complaints.
Amazing Burgers. The combinations of ingredients is Fantabulous  \nIt's difficult to have a favorite and yes, I've had every item on the menu
Everything on the menu has a picture so you know what you're getting, the coffee was on point and adorable foam design.
Great location; convenient to the light rail and apartment complexes.  Sea salt chocolate is my new favorite.  Will be back for other flavors!
Had a good protein omlete. Flavorful food and staff was friendly. I will go back and try some of the other dishes.
Please do not eat at this place, I'm scared of this food. The worst part is the service and the trashy, anti-family, anti-american atmosphere. Please stay away
Food was pretty good however the prices are high. Waitress did a great job until she asked if I needed change.
Great food. Try the chop its huge.friendly service and down home atmosphere.
Great place for a smaller breakfast, and pretty great coffee as well.
Alway stop when we're in town. Amazing fresh food. Really good prices. Friendly  service.  Drink menu has a good variety as well.
It's awesome here!!The guys are soooo hot and nice!!The host London is amazing at the mic and getting the crowd excited!!highly recommend this place!!
Had an awesome breakfast cum brunch. \nStaff is very warm and courteous and delicious food
Great ambience and decor! And the food is delicious. Pan fried fish, street side Indian noodles, hongkong chicken are a few names to start with !
One of my favorite breakfast place to go to with my high school son. He loves the food. We both love a good breakfast joint.
Besides this Walmart being ghetto they are inconsistent. They charged about 15\/16 dollars more on my oil changed
She is a wonderful person and talented piercer!! Awesome job and very professional... highly recommended..
The coffee I had was pretty gross. The cappuccino was barely foamy, and the coffee was kind of rancidly bitter.
We had my Mother's Birthday Party here on 10\/29\/16. What a Great time we all had. The food, music and waiters were Great!!! Thanks Lyles!!!
I love this place... it's great to have a neighborhood center with good food and great coffee!!  The patio is great all year long.
Shaunz sells the most unique shirts I have ever come across! The staff, quality of clothing, and selection is incredible. Thank you Shaunz for selling shirts online now!
I love NY city pizza pie.  Excellent rendition of sharing a portion of NY here in the desert.
I appreciate the staff, clean facilities and responsiveness to maintenance requests. I have utlized the gym and access to wi fi in the office with no issues,
A little pricey but worth it! Crepes were delicious! We got the seafood and chicken pesto. Really cute back area and service was good. Would come back!
Great burger. One of the best fast food burgers I've ever had, right behind 5 guys.
I have been eating sushi a LONG TIME. This place was so wonderful. Great sushi! I strongly recommend eating here. Enjoy
Fastening vibe and Vegas Strip friendly. Staff takes care considerably and is very current. Love the scenery! Thank you Azuza staff. xoxo ACE ENCORE
This place no longer exists. The site is empty and available for rent. Too bad, not sure if another quilt shop close by!
There just isn't any better way to watch a movie. Sound is incredible. Picture is awesome. I actually travel 1hr to see movies at this theater.
So fresh and delicious! My go to poke spot in the city! Generous portions, clean and great selection of accouterments!
Still the best dinner buffet on the strip. Start with the king crab and shrimp cocktails. Then move on the specialty meats.  Everything sings quality...especially the hand made desserts.
As always the 6 month checkup went very well.  Brian was on time, very knowledgeable and answered all questions with patience with both me and my husband.   Highly recommend.
Best Chinese food in LKN area. Never disappointed with the take out we get.  They speak English well too!
Excellent chaat, okish biriyani, great service. Fresh food. The place is very clean and lively. Unlike the other Indian restaurant s we visited which were so dead!
Flies on the pizza that was sitting out there.  Ew.  Very disgusting.  I would NOT recommend it ... very unsanitary!
Greasy unappetizing fried food. Low quality ingredients. Pretty much tastes all the same.\n\nNever again.
Used EAT24 take out. Great pizza. Wings are good.  We'll worth it. I will be using them over the hut in the future
When scheduling for your cleaning, ask for Miss Julia.... She's great!
Love Nicole. ..she's a fabulous bartender.  Always gives us great service.  Love the wahoo salad with fish.
Food is good but service is always lacking.  35 minutes wait time for lunch is unacceptable especially when you only have an hour for lunch.
Pretty big portions, good for family style. \nWalnut shrimp's is 90% batter and 10% shrimp.\nRecommend the fish filet and jelly fish.
No different to other reviews. \nTried the fish tacos and churro, definitely a superior Mexican\/ taco joint around in the city
I specifically go to this location even though it's a bit far from me because of the friendly staff and great recommendations!
Perfect treat this summer... Great service as well. Loved the passion fruit sorbet. Also the mango mojito was a hit
Amazing pizza!!! Although they did forget my cheese sticks I forgive them, but don't let it happen again :)
Super quick service from car to terminal and vice versa. The cheap rates are also great and you can always find coupons online.
Very fast to go service. The pad thai is made from bigger noodles than i'm used to but had a very good flavor
Beautiful facilities and excellent massage. Going back tomorrow and hopefully every time I visit Toronto from now on!
Loved the one out Rea Rd and now thrilled they are open near my house.
Not a fan. Overpriced, over cooked bland burgers. Everything is extra (fries, onion rings).
Comfortable surroundings. Great service. Food was very good. Defiantly will be back to try the rest of the menu and for dinner as well.
Not a bad place to camp out for a night in Cleveland. The airport shuttle is easy to catch and the employees are friendly.
New management sucks. I used to get my nails done here all the time but now they do a horrible job.
Delicious. Offcourse fruity but its about the experience of a complete flavour. Served with good vibes, Gracias.
Very slow and incompetent staff. Food is okay, nothing special. I would definitely avoid this place next time I'm in Vegas.
Good food and nice clean place ... I ate the \"buffalo soldier\" there and took a \"sweet home alabama\" home ... yum
Food was good but  took forever. It seemed like they needed more help. 20 minutes for not being that busy.  Hopefully next visit is better.
Excellent coffee cake, like to die for!! Tortilla soup was a major hit! Great experience for first day in Vegas!
Fu ck everything in the past...this place is bomb OMG tacos burgers tortas I'm typing with fill belly!!!\n#FunTacosLV
Large Cirque du Soleil souvenir Shop with merchandise from Mystere. Store is open even when no shows are going on. Less busy before the show starts.
Wow! This this is the best burger in town. And I've had a lot of burgers! Service was friendly and fast!
Had the lemon grass chicken. It was amazing. The ambience is great ! I highly recommend this if your looking for good Vietnamese
Pretty unique place! The food was awesome, and I met O.J. Simpson in the order line! Haha! True story....
Best veggie hoagie I've ever had! Way better than going to subway and getting something bland and run of the mill :)
Very good but a little pricey though. The fire in the bar area is very cool though. The food is good. Very nice place
Food is average. Service is mostly good. \n\nTried almost every breakfast plate as well as the burgers.\n\nLook elsewhere for good eats.
Other than being served pretty cold (through the drive thru), the food wasn't that bad.  Would have been way better warm though.
First time but not our last!! Never knew it was there and authentic,friendly staff..amazing food!!
Good selection of specialty pizzas. $18 range on large but very tasty for hand tossed pizza.
Walked out of the place without even being acknowledged by the staff while they were talking with each other. We were completely ig
Not well taken care of anymore\nBathroom dirty\nYogurt stations messy\nWe used to love this place\nWhat happened?\nDoes not feel clean
Beef plate as well as the chicken were delicious. The soup was amazing with the freshly brewed tea.
Actually called Fresh Buy Market now. Love this place! Best priced produce and Asian supplies in the area. Such friendly staff!
Jason recommended the penne shrimp dish its was awesome. Definitely request Jason as your waiter. We will be back
Great Chicago style pizza.  Sat outside to enjoy the weather.  Very attentive server.  Reasonable prices.
I will, for once, reserve my words:\n\nGet you to this place and check it out yourself!!\n\n'nuff said.
Not a 5 Star hotel, but still worth checking out. You can't beat the location either....
The best pizza in Las Vegas. The people working there are nice and polite. Love the place. Very clean place too.
Pleasant surprise to find a Quiznos open, even better when I actually had the sandwich. Tasted great.  It's a shame there aren't more Quiznos like this one.
Awesome truck...can't wait for brick and mortar location to open.  The Nash-Vegas Hit Chicken is the best in the West Coast!!!  House pimento is amazing!
Great fresh burgers. I had cheese burger with fried egg side of chili onion rings. Price kind of high. Original LA is much better.
Dr Vicuna is fabulous! She was very thorough and didn't mind me asking a million questions. Lol She is very patient.
New club in the Hard Rock, and currently the hottest place in Vegas... Similar to Rain.  Best club on Sunday night, hands down.
In-N-Out is ok. \nThat's it, ok.\nI truly think most people go because they think it's a cool thing to do.\nCarl's Jr. burger,(the Big Carl) is a far better burger.
Food is good but they dont let you mix match like bdubs ... So for that u get two stars bruh
Came here to meet my BFF, we had happy hour.  Everything was great, food, drinks, price, and service!  I love this place and the atmosphere.
Love it here. Scallops and Sea Bass are delicious. It's comfortable, a little pricey, but worth the meal.
We heard that they were preparing Pho.....it was delicious!  The crispy Vietnamese egg rolls were a nice compliment!
Food is awesome! Been eating there since 2000. Pizza is good but I love the sandwiches. Chill vibe
Fried Rice - Tasteless, Tasteless\nChicken Wings - Dry, Dry\nPot Stickers - Doughy, Doughy\nYummy, Yummy - Isn't, Isn't
Since hiring a new gm this place has been worth coming to they make the ice cream like they used to I would highly recommend this location....
Fast and efficient downtown Calgary Starbucks.  Was impressed with the baristas ability to keep up with large orders, all correct and quick.  Great Job!
Servers look you in the eye then ignore you when you are the only customer standing at the bar wanting a drink. Incredibly, egregious customer service.
Very good, authentic Malaysian Food.  Ayam Redang was excellent, great service, will be back again.  Roti Canai was not greasy and authentic, loved it.
They were very manipulative and literally ripped us off. Don't go there because the price is absolutely not worth the food!
Avoid like the plague.
This place has delicious Montreal style bagels that actually taste like Montreal bagels! The staff is super friendly and the food is great!
I love this place soo much i almost dont want to tell anyone about it...lol such elegance abd class...soo sexy
The Tuna Salad on wheat was okay. Too bad the staff are way more into talking to  each other than being friendly with customers.
Another great meal, got there late so had chopped brisket and sausage with pecan pie to top it off , great meal
Excellent burger and the best onion strings ever and a glass of wine. Atmosphere is cozy and very clean. Will definitely be back.
pretty good...love the burgers and the fries always hit the spot
Bakery Wee created our baby shower cake, which was amazing!!!!  The taste was just as great as the looks!!!  Hoping to get our sons birthday cake done as well!!
Wow \nYou better be hungry to eat here \nPortions are massive \nWill not disappoint \nSit at bar and chat up with friendly bartenders \nBloody Mary a definite try
One of the better chinese restaurants on the strip that are both delish and affordable . I would recommend the fried rice , spicy cucumbers and beef noodles
Changed owners and the name. Epic fail! Prices have almost doubled as has the wait time.
Great dinner and service. Very reasonable menu and I would say one of the only place to eat on water st.
Mohammed was extremely helpful and knowledgable.  We had a great experience!
The breakfast at egg works was amazing and they serve big portions! The potatoes were my favorite and the french toast was excellent! Definitely will be back!
Fantastic dishes and service. \nThe chicken quesadilla may have been the best I've ever had. \nIf and when I come back to Vegas, I will be back.
I got orange basil & Tim got chocolate w\/seasalt. My popsicle was good...but his was better! Cant wait to try some of their other flavors!
The food was ok. I like the Miami location better. The atmosphere did not feel young and hip like the Miami location. The fried chicken was pretty tasty.
Randomly stopped in with some colleagues. Had the fish and chips and they were awesome. Fish was battered but not too heavy and the fries were nice and crispy.
Sandwiches are so good! Pastries are a little heavy. \nLots of food with the combo, worth the price :-)
had to listen to this yeehaw cringe birthday song 3 times in 1 hour. trees trees trees
First time here and am truly impressed with how good the hamburger was. I like the locations decor and good ol rock and roll background music. Will come again!
I was not impressed and the food was fair and I spend a lot of money. The place was very busy and cold. I will not return soon.
I don't get the allure of this place. Average food and somewhat overpriced. Service good but not great. Many better restaurant choices in the Montrose area for sure!
Worst food experience ever.  Avoid this place and spend your hard earned money somewhere else.
Great food, service, and ambiance! Cool during the day or night. Definitely recommended!
Amazing tacos! Loved the taco chiwas! Would highly recommend. Great customer service too.
Very much a \"diner,\" but good good food. Can't wait to sit on the patio in the spring.
No issues which is exactly what you want. People were very courteous.
First time here and the menu is a little overwhelming with so many options! Loved the food, okay coffee, great service. Will definitely be back.
Lo máximo. Great food, good staff, beautiful owner. One of the best late night bites in Madison.
Really great little lunch spot. The BLT is wonderful. Nice atmosphere and good prices.
After 3 emails and 1 phone call-----still unable to setup a appointment  for a free estimate. Amy is not good for your business.
Horrible! No shuttles running. No one at the gate to give directions. I missed my flight because of no service.
Cool looking spot inside.  Food is good. Price is right! The French Toast was delicious.
Good eats and good peeps! The Reuben was awesome and the service was great. Better than the big chain bagel places for sure!
Place looks pretty cool  barbers are friendly have never gotten a cut from here I have only been going for product  but am planning on going one day soon
I used this company and Joey an employee was amazing and quick cleaner. They left the windows \ncrystal clear. My landlord was so happy
Great little park...however the Chinese\/Japanese takes it over every morning for the daily exercise....not appropriate for them alone...
Ive always liked there deals specially pre roll deal but lately they have not been great other than that nice staffing always.
Large portions. Great bread sticks. Chicken parmesan was top quality.
Everything was just perfect. This is worth the money and our time to drive! Recommend this place to everyone! *drools*
Good food we go once a week close to the best in the valley! Really good beef pho also the lemon grass chicken is awesome!!
Very affordable, drivers are polite, bus is clean and on time.
Food is basic Italian and comes with all you can drink wine, but it's around 30 bucks per person.  Not worth it...
Great place to hang out, such a cute interior! The bingsu is okay. I really like the red bean paste :)
The chicken fingers were a bit different for my taste but the pineapple bubble tea with Lychee was amazing!
Tonia is amazing! I always leave feeling beautiful! She does a great job with the cut and color every time!
Handles allergies very well and the food is absolutely delicious.  The service is great too.
Very tasty food and nice seating arrangements. Only thing is the food can be a bit greasy - but I guess that's a given with nachos\/ burgers\/fries\/etc.
Great service, nice looking store! Good prices & service! Have tried the others and will always keep coming back Exhale Nevada!!!
I love going to this bar. Always great and fast service! The deep fried cauliflower is amazing! And Christian gives the best bar service! Love this place. Highly recommended!!!!
Great service and very reasonable prices. They have amazing lattes and flavored coffees. The cinnamon cronut is a must. So fresh, crispy and soft. Tips accepted only in cash.
Wow!\nThe best optometrist in Vegas.\nMuch better then LensCrafters!\n\nShe explained my sight problems and found great new frames\nGreat staff!\nI will definitely come back!
Was able to get the tacos today (carnitas) love this place!!! I definitely recommend coming here on country bar night!
Waffle fries are always good. Chicken always fresh and tasty. Can't go wrong with their lemonade either. One of the best fast food options around!
I have used Sky Harbor Airport Parking multiple times for business and personal travel.  There staff has always been friendly and professional.  I highly recommend them.
Great Customer Service. The young man with brown hair was kind and helpful. Sorry I didn't remember his name. A very smooth transaction.
Highly recommended!  I was reluctant since I'm only in town for business and usually get them done in NY.  Amazingly personable and professional.
Good korean bakery! Tried their cake, was good.  And bought bunch of cake and bakery goods! Wish they have a store like this in mn.
Greasy but delicious! The lettuce wrap burger falls apart and gets all over my hands but it's worth it.
Always amazing service. Fantastic menu items. Ask for Travis hes the man!!
Wonderful Indian vegetarian food from South India. In incredible doses, mango Lassi and other healthy  Indian fare. Nice attentive  owners  and great service. Loved this place.
I know you work at a car wash, but put a little pride in your work. Car never gets clean here.
Owners are some really nice people. Clean, busy, right off the freeway. Easy people to deal with.
Highly recommend! Lots of great, out of the box menu options and traditional crepes for the less adventurous.
Really loved it.  Had to wait a bit for a table,  but that's not a problem.  Food great, and really friendly, smiling wait-staff.  Definitely recommend for breakfast!
Really good spot for lunch. Had it two days in a row for lunch while in Vegas for a business trip.
Love their food!! Service is insanely quick and the margaritas are delicious! Perfect place for some authentic Mexican cuisine! Will absolutely be back!
Great Food, very busy around 11-1. I would suggest waiting later if your trying it out.
Best sushi, nice staff, awesome prices!  Favorite sushi place in Cleveland!!!  Been going here for years now and have never had a bad experience. Always delicious and fresh!
This is my place to go when needing a massage. The place is lovely, the staff is amazing and never disappoints me.
I've had some issues with CenturyLink internet services, but if you come to this store then work with Fabian! He's knowledgeable and genuinely helpful.
Great gluten free options for pizza and wings. The white pizza is amazing
Jeff is absolutely great and so knowledgeable!  Great to go if you really want to make something unique and custom for you.
Their pizza is awesome! I love their dough. You can't really go wrong with any of the items on the menu. The staff is very friendly as well.
Delicious. You should expect a line when you get here, but it moves quickly and is worth the wait. Try the orange juice and the biscuits!
We probably eat more at Wolfgangs than any other place inside MGM. Always really good chow and service. Thanks folks. Well done.
Very tasty homemade ice cream , and the sweetness of the Milo Dino just right, remind me of my childhood
Awesome food and cheap prices. Such great quality. One of the only and best authentic japanese restaurants in az.
Campfire sauce is great with the fries. Monster style also great. Wrap Burger in lettuce to save calories.
If you are looking for great authentic Italian food.\nThis is the place\nEvery meal has been fantastic.\nReasonable priced\nGreat service\nVery clean.
Fast and great service, excellent customer service. Came here for a quick carwash on a Wednesday afternoon. no wait.
Aggressive driving and going thru red lights on Forbes Ave May not be ideal for a towing company - ambulance perhaps but not towing. Please drive better.
Cute decors... That's all\nDrinks and food were over priced for the quality and portion.
This place has amazing food and service.  First time coming here and it was fantastic
Jason and Jed are extremely professional and always provide great customer service.. I would recommend Atlas to everyone!!
The blizzard of the month, Chocolate Candy Shop, is awesome!
Overall this is a great sushi joint. Fresh, clean, and service is awesome. The prices are a little high but it's worth it.
Love going here! Great customer service and i love the beds. This is my favorite place to go
Clasic diner-style brunch in Georgetown.  Good portion sizes, well priced, fast service, good quality food.  One of the best places to eat in Georgetown!
Very good food. Limited selection for both food and drinks. A little towards the expensive end of things.
It's cheaper and cleaner than most Amigos and Roberto's. Oh, and the food is better (Enough said).
When I walked into this restaurant and I didn't see any anyone speaking English, I knew it was the right spot for me. Great place, great people. Highly recommend.
Went for HH. The staff was friendly. Nice atmosphere. The drinks were wonderful. The mahi tacos were good, but a little bland. The ahi roll was delicious though!
Excellent fish tacos and chicken tacos. Taquitos were good too. Kids meals were a bit overpriced and not that great... especially the chicken sliders.
Very over hyped by the national food channel visit. Uncomfortable very crowded seating. Nothing special about the bar b cue, but the prices are high.
Very clean, fast service, friendly staff. Would be 5 stars but they were out of what I ordered.
The best pedicure in the area at a great price. The lavender is my favorite... no more herbal nails for me.
Very professional! They were on time, friendly and explained the process before they began. I would recommend them to my mom. That is how good I think they were.
They have the best return policy in town. I highly recommend shopping at nordstroms.  They have very attentive sales associates and carry a nice selection of items.
Love this place for brunch-probably the best in the city for me.\nSometimes gets busy and theres a bit of a wait but worth it\ngreat service, great coffee\nDone right!
Excellent service The staff are so helpful I wouldn't go anywhere else thank you for the friendly service \n                                                    Louise Edmonds &snoopy
Kobe Sushi never disappoints! I literally inhale all that I order here. I will keep coming back!
I actually really love this place i must say ....this is seriously some of my fave asian food ...evrything is so good
I ordered the Rocky Road but it disappoints me. The nuts are not fresh and mash mallows are dry up. I should have just get the plain cone.
The most amazing sushi in town.  Great services, fresh fish very clean.  Jerry you've done it again my experience was outstanding.  Can't wait for dinner tonight..
Yummmm. I worked around the corner and loved this place. Try the Harumi roll. It's great!
Craft beers and Quebecois fare.  I am a bigger fan of the food than the beer.\n\nThe vibe is ok, I think it's more of a tourist trap than anything.
They are really the best of all the sushi burritos! I quite enjoyed the burrito bowl from them today. I will definitely be back to get some more.
Thanks to Tabitha we realky enjoyed ourselves! We had the $12.99 Buy One Take One! Awesome!!
How I miss my Phoenix Mojo!  you pick the yogurt, toppings, and size, no simping on the fresh fruit or mochi...\n\nThis really is as good as it gets!
Good food. Nice location and very friendly staff. The cool part about this, it didnt feel like we were in a las vegas hotel.
Really enjoyed this place. Good drinks, nice staff. Liked the music. Not cheap but welcome to Vegas....
Customer service is crap. No personality .1 and done for me. So many other Italian eateries in the area..
Love this place best massage ever, very clean. They do a great job with the deep tissue massage very relaxing.
Have lunch here.  Great value and pretty tasty.it doesn't pretend to be gourmet. Just a good local joint. Order in food is hot and generous.
Glad I finally tried this Thai restaurant. I' m going back for more. The lunch specials are economically priced.
They have the best food and customer service. They put a lot on your plate\/wrap but you'll still finish it because it's so good.
I don't really like fried chicken but Yardbird fried chicken is really good. It's really the best fried chicken I've ever had.
Packed like sardines, but got to see Zeds Dead!
Tasty sandwich made fresh.  Friendly folks and a quaint atmosphere.
Highly recommended, Donna is part owner and she was very helpful throughout. My wife will definitely go back again.
Excellent  food; full of flavor. Everything on the menu is great. Service  is great. Great place for any occasion.
I am very surprised that the dim sum here is good here!  I thought it would be bad because of the location.
Beef brisket only available once a week. I tried the sub and I'd rather go to Subway for a similar sandwich.
Stopped by today for  an anniversary breakfast.  Sara was our server and she was amazing Food is always great
Love love love this place.       Deffinelty will be willing to stop by anytime nice staff and great food.
Great customer service and super friendly staff.  They are always doing some type of philanthropic event too!
We live in Gilbert.  This restaurant is always worth the drive.  Delicious, never disappointed!!
Everyone who works here is super friendly - there are so many options for carnivores, vegetarians, vegans + now even gf bagels! Definitely our go-to quick breakfast spot!
5 stars across the board. Darren was exactly what we were looking for, price, service, everything.
Nice local brewery, but on the $$$ steep side but enjoyable place in the heart of the junction.
Thanks BELLA for the beautiful holiday nails. I love the design and the new shape. I'll be back. Happy Holidays
Place and food was great . Friendly service and clean. Location looks out of place but don't let that fool you .
Best ice cream at the lake.   Great place to take the kids too.   Terrific staff and great selection.
Great hotel,\n\nVery welcoming, the hotel is amazing, rooms are very high end and clean!\n\nLove this hotel so far. \n\nHighly recommended
Love this place for getting my sushi fix without breaking the bank. Everything is always fresh and they are very friendly and accommodating. Will definitely be back!
We eat there a lest once a week. I usually have the southwest Chicken fry and it is delicious   One of best breakfast  in town
So good!  Wish we had started eating here earlier.  Great service and orders are ready super quick.  Very clean inside.
If you want something amazing for the best price, you go to ragstock.  Simple as that.
Great venue!!! Awesome staff: bartenders, door folks and sound man were great. Recommend howlers to anyone wishing to play the burg
My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our dinner. Live jazz music, an open-air garden setting, very good food and service.
Great place to catch a movie. The mall makes this a really fun movie going experience.
They have a decent car wash. The staff was friendly. Not much to say about a gas station. Lol
Jody helped us out and she was very nice and all I could think to do is yelp how great her customer service is! She's the bomb!
Great food.  Had the Chicken Curry lunch special that included the potato soup, salad, naan, chicken curry and rice.  Service was great...
I'm telling you, this place is great.  Whether it's me or my wife, we both the same, quality experience..  Fast, efficient, no BS, just great service.
Ok place as long as you never want the daily special after 7pm. Slow service, decent food.
Fantastic service from Lisa and definitely recommend the breakfast skillets! :-) :-) can't wait to come back
The employees are so friendly and hard working! Keep it up! The store is very clean... I love subway sooooooooo much!!! :)
Christian at the shop has Great service. I got a Cadillac converter installed, in and out in less then an hour.
So far so good. Great price great work! Always able to get me in quick. I always feel better after leaving. Dr Roach does a really good job.
Best place to shop. Customer seevice is excellent, especially Joe. He's the best. Has everything in the store you can need. Shop for your house inside and out.
They never have enough lanes open for a speedy checkout. It's also not very clean. Albertsons on durango is a much nicer store.
Body msg for couple 90 minutes are really amazing, promotion price so good\n.$99 for two people. Good massage skill.
They really are the best in pest.  Great communication and they get the job done.  Super thorough..  Prices are great too!  Highly recommended!
I have never been to an Olive Garden with such a great staff!  The food was good, but the staff made the experience great!!!
Cool, trendy spot in great location. Food and cocktails were really good. Definitely will be back. North Scottsdale needs more places like this
Food seemed okay, service okay, my wife likes the Indian movie selection - but can't recommend a restaurant with a known insect problem.
Don't bother...if you truly know Greek, there is nothing authentic about this food. You'll be better off crossing the street and going to Chipotle.
WOW this place is the BEST. The fastest drive thru friendly. Realy better then (in and out burgers) .
Great food, perfect price, wonderful service. Glad to have  found my new inexpensive hibachi place.
Food was okay but the price is alright for it. The service was quick.
Hunter, fisherman, camper, archer, rifleman's heaven.  I wish they had one of these in Hawaii.
Girls were pretty. Food was good. Nothing special.  Had the original wings and fried pickles.
Great happy hour specials. customer service out-of-this-world. got to try the lobster tomato bisque soup and lobster grilled cheese.
Best fing pizza in vegas. no doubt. I am from Jersey and have a definite stereo type about pizza. Carmines is the bomb pizza of Vegas.
Attempted to apply for a position. I was treated with such disrespect by the management. For a quality company I could not believe the way they treat applicants
what can i say! homemade everything and 1995 prices! a must go to. large portions and incredibly nice staff!
This place best in lasvegas hair cut and coloring .\nSpecially  Japanese  straight is best job\nShe is over 20 years  experience magic straight.
Service was good, the noodles had a nice texture but I found the broth extremely salty.  Ordered the beef brisket.  Found the chunks of meat a bit small.
For a definite meat eater..... this place and staff have won me over!!  Had the tomatico tart and could not have been more flavorful!  Definitely repeat!
First time here. Great pho, fried spring rolls and fresh spring rolls. Small place, wait time can be about 10-15min but worth the wait
Super fast service . In and out ! Quality parts . I replaced my home button because i shattered it like a dumb ass. I would definitely recommend .
I continue to be very satisfied with the experience I am having at Valley medical weight control. I am down about 15 pounds. Can't argue with that.
this is the best place to get great service and great food. plus the decor is very modern, chic and clean.
Best subway ever!!!!! Rae is the best employee there is!!!!! Really impressed by the sandwich too!!! Great great subway !!
Avoid the Chardon Taco Bell at all costs, the workers are more interested with taking smoke breaks than actually working
Great new Ramen spot. Have to try the Shio Ramen! Light and delicate. Dances on the tongue like little angels at a Christmas party. Highly recommend.
Staff is friendly I walked in and got an appointment the same day price point is good. Lady missed a few spots but I will be back.
It's a great neighbor place. The pizza is great. The salads are airways fresh and the chicken fingers are delicious! Always friendly and fast service.
It's a great experience. They treat you like family. And the best food you've ever had. I will definitely be here often.
Never again. Do not waste your time or money. Not worth any perceived savings. \"Priority\" is a scam. Rip off from start to finish.
This place is shut down. We've tried to visit it before. The website address doesn't exist any longer, and physically drove to the location and no winery here anymore.
The food is amazing! The service could be better. Overall, it's worth it! Get the gladiator roll!
The sandwiches are messy. Not sure how to eat the egg sandwiches to avoid the egg exploding on your face and clothes.
Very nice environment with friendly waitstaff. Food was satisfactory, a pleasant evening.
Great place to eat fish and chips because this is wonderful. Most wonderful fish and chips I ever had for the first time I tried.
Small place but good food and good service, they went out of their way to accomodate my group of 15 people! Incredible, thank you!
Amazing staff and food everytime! Always so welcoming and the food is constantly awesome.
Some of the best sushi I've ever had. Reasonable prices. Excellent service and drinks.
Amazing place! \nInteresting cuts and good variety of dishes on menu.\nVery delicious and filling. \nHighly recommend!
40 minutes for a stinking burrito, the hostess didn't care and food looked and tasted horrible. First and last time.
It's coo. Kinda expensive. . Nice ambiance. ... does smell like sea food though.... (I don't like seafood lol). . Fish.. super nice staff this far
I spoke with them on Friday, the compounded drug arrived on Tuesday. Great service, nice help, impressive prices.
best pizza i had ever. Extraordinary toppings like falafel and their sauces are awesome. You are going to build your own pizza.
Garlic nam bread and vegan masala cravings Yasss I am always here. Love it. I recommend all my friends to try this place. Such lovely people and service
This place had good reviews, so came here for an oil change. The customer service was amazing! Mark was so nice and helpful. Would definitely come back again!
Great food and for vagas the prices are not that bad. Fries are great.\nFast service too..  burgers are great
Incredibly improved experience.   The new management and kitchen staff definitely shows.  The ribs and ribeye were excellent and the service (ask for Gabriella) was top notch!\n\nWe will be returning.
SUPERB! Really, some of the best Pho and Mi I have ever had. The dining room is very nice, large and clean. You can get takeout, as well.
This place is terribly crowded, parking is really difficult and scarce. However, once inside, it's awesome! Great exhibits. Children always enjoy themselves.
The spinach dosa was my fave! Soo good and it was all you can eat. I could only finish two, but will be going back for sure.
MaidDay ruined my gas stovetop (stainless steel scratches) and constantly dropped their vacuum on my hardwood creating dents.  They refused to pay for damages.  DONT HIRE!!!!
A wonderful experience!\nPresentation taste and quantity - all super!\nService ambiance people - amazing!\nOverall a terrific place! \nWill Be here again and again !
Great service great tacos ...Monica the manager outstanding. ..We love her...she is a great element thank you very muchas Gracias! !!!
I went for electrolysis with Maria, the owner. She is very quick. She even had time to treat my broken capillaries and cherry angiomas. What a find.
Had a great dinner. Blue cheese sirloin was fantastic. Zucchini appetizer was great too!!
Great food and quality. Great service. Good prices.\n\nMeat was fresh and the bread was much better than Pita Jungle.\n\nNo A\/C- so don't look to eat here in the summer.
Amazing food! Their green curry was incredible and the duck fried rice was absolutely delicious. Great prices. Nice service. Would 100% go again (and again and again)
Awesome food and friendly environment!  Highly recommend!  My favorite is the birria and enchilada suizas.
Petit restaurant, déco un peu vieillote, mais la nourriture est bonne et les portions sont généreuses. Nous avons eu un bon service. Bon rapport qualité \/prix.
Super cute little place:) best staff& very traditional italian pasteries and sweets!!! the sfolgia cake is extremely popular because its the best. Everything is made in house.
The manchego bruschetta was amazing! Would definitely go back to try more if their dishes.
Mussels were fantastic! The chef and owners are very nice. They really care about the quality of food and curation of dishes. \n\nCocktails were boozy and inventive.
The BEST fried chicken!!!!  We also got the ham biscuits as an appetizer along with the burst tomatoes and homemade ricotta
Great place to train. Great instructor. Non-meathead environment. Clean mats. No sales pressure. No bjj politics or related drama. Just high quality rolls with non-sketchy people.
Only place in the area that makes an authentic Vienna beef Chicago style hot dog.  Simply awesome!
Been here for breakfast before as well. Large bar selection. The fries were excellent
I feel Sahara has one of the best falafel wraps in Phoenix. I also love their hummus! It is creamy and authentic.
What can I say, Great Food, Great Service, Amazing \"waterfront\" location.  Love it and go back often.
tends to covered in goose shit most of the year.  not the best around, but very cheap.
Awesome independent coffee shop. Family run feel. A lot better than Starbucks and the \"big box guys\".
This place is suck nothing good here do not go here ! I don't know why they're still open in this business
Definitely get your money's worth here. 40 bucks for a family of four! Can't beat that!
Food was delicious and reasonably priced, excellent customer service. Bonus, the owner is an incredibly genuine guy! Would recommend to anyone wanting pizza or sandwiches!
Excellent choice and nice lunch! Been here couple of times and always get served great. Downtown core walking distance to workplace nice environment.
1st timer there & the food was amazing. Tried the angry burger (very fulfilling) & kimchi fries! Not only that but Cesar was truly kind & provided excellent service!
This spot has been here 15 years. Were have I been? This spot is great! I agree the best Italian hands down.
The staff and doctors here are great. I have been coming for years with my cat and dog and have received excellent care.
The owner is so nice!!! The veggie combo is delicious. La shish kabob is my favorite restaurant in my neighborhood.
Cant be more pleased with this daycare, our son has learned soooo much and the teachers are great!!! Awesome value!!
Just left JC Cellphone repair, Robert provided grade A service, repaired my cracked screen in less than 15 min. Highly recommended
Excellent noodles...love the pho...would give it a 5 but I've had better and some similar in Phoenix.
Wow!!! Las Enchiladas de Mama is a fantastic place to have an authentic delicious meal!
I travel across town every 2 weeks. 45min drive. The customer service & nail services I receive are the best I've ever had.
Shavone is the best server! Cheap drinks and good atmosphere during their happy hour. They have a free pool table as well. Great space definitely must visit!
Love it!  This place reminds me of the Dim Sum I had in China!  This place is legit!
Omg too good went here for the first time saw all the reviews on yelp and not a dissapointment  I got the 1\/2,sand which and soup with salad yummy
Brenda is simply incredible. She takes the time to listen to her clients' questions and concerns, she is extremely knowledgable and her work is fantastic. I highly recommend her!!!
Very pleasant and friendly environment. Every time I get a sub, I don't have to wait in line for order.
Great atmosphere, fantastic food. Server Vanessa was not only knowledgeable, fun, and attentive, but super cute as well.  Will definitely be back!
Very very average.  No flavor. Overpriced.  Don't waste your time unless you're just coming for a drink.
Good quality sushi, great hibachi selections, and reasonable kids selections. I'll definitely be back and I suggest you try them also.
great atmosphere and great food.  i love comming here when we visit vegas. our server eddie was awesome.  he was very friendly and very responsive to our needs.
Great hookah lounge!!! Amazing music, try the white peach flavor hookah quite delightful!
Decent... had the scramble.. Waffles were soft and doughy.  Should of went to a off the strip resturant.
Northeast Plumbing does a great job for us.  Our non-profit needs the best job and the best value, always!  They deliver on both.
I really trust this place. It took me 6 years to find a proper mechanic.
This place is a slave camp and so unprofessional. Mgmt participates in favoritism. The HR department is a joke. Mgrs sleeping with staff members...
The quantity is good and price is better lolll \nThe taste of food is awesome!! Really love the rice they have!
Great product. Mediocre customer service. Sweet chocolate ice cream. Sour staff.
Great place.  Pork Belly was excellent!  Great location.  Quick for lunch dowtown.  Great portion.  Great selection
My husband had Steak salad and raved about it. I had steak nachos which was great. We will be returning.
Called them to spray off the leaves and bird droppings from my roof. Great job. Same day quote. Next day service. Affordable and friendly.
Super pricey!!! They changed us $80 to change air filters, when you get get it done at auto zone for $20
Lunch assez bon , bel environement, tranquile un jour de semaine , plusieurs tables , lumieres tamisées.
Cindy is the best!  Been going here for years!  You will love the attention and caring way she does nails.
Great breakfast, eggs cooked to perfection, no waiting to be seated or for our food.  Prices are high but its Vegas, so not unexpected.
Multiple visits.\nAlways quick service. \nAlways good food quality.
Tatjana is amazing. She is very friendly and does an amazing job. It's the only place I go. Highly recommend
This place is very good unique Mexican restaurant! I really enjoyed eating here. I thought it was a little on the expensive side but we'll worth it!
Incredible BBQ, ribs and burgers... it's a must stop for all!!! Staff is super friendly and so helpful!
Great food and service.  The owner is very kind.  Wish they were in south charlotte :).  IMO, they have the best pho
We just had the guys out to clean the carpets....excellent job and no chemical after\nsmell.  I support small family business and I will use them again.
My husband and I tried Gaetano's for the first time tonight. The food was amazing and the service was awesome! We will definitely go back!
The food is mediocre. Pad Thai is plain and simple horrible.  God, I wish we had a good Chinese restaurant in Vegas.
Très très bon burger , viande garantie sans ajouts , change des chaînes de fast-food !!! A essayer je vous le recommande
Unlimited soup and salad followed by delicious chicken Alfredo (I sent compliments to the chef for this) and amazing tiramisu !!! and love the friendly staff ....
Best marinara sauce my son has found.  \"No\nChunks\".  Actually handmade.  Same with meatballs.  It's a secret local find.  A must try.
Absolutely delicious gorditas. I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for something delicious and spicy.
This place is literally the WORST! Don't go here. Service is awful! I should have listened to all the other reviews.
Darlene was a pleasure to work with.  Creative and enthusiastic.  I truly felt she was excited about creating our wedding cake.  It was beautiful and delicious!!!
We ordered through Delivery Me Food. The food was amazing, seriously good. Will be ordering again and stopping in to eat in person.
I had a very bad experience trying to enjoy our food but cannot cuz their services suck .. It's a very loud buffet and over price
The restaurant has been sold, so I will reserve judgement of that for 6 months to see what the new owners do. Good things I hope.
Unfortunately, this administrative fee will prevent me from ever going back.  It's sad b\/c I feel the care was really great.
Staff was amazing, friendly, informative, attentive. Great happy hour deals and food was awesome too! I will definitely be back!
Good tacos at a reasonable price.  You can add as many toppings you would like from the salsa bar.  Better than Chronic Tacos!
Really on-point interior, fun ordering process, friendly employees and super delicious pizza. Would be a 4.5 if I could!
Never had the urge to write a review til now. This attraction is just way too boring! Dont waste your money here!
Great atmosphere and food the owner and staff are always very helpful and friendly.  I highly recommend this place for a great date night.
The lunch special here is one of the best values in Vegas. $29 for three courses that would cost $80 at dinner. Get the salmon tartar and grilled octopus.
The food is made fresh.  The egg drop soup is delicious.  They are not stingy with food. You get your money's worth.
Decent diner. I had Huevos. My friend had Eggs Bernadette. It was okay; nothing special.
Beautiful environment.\nGreat service.\nThe food itself was only okay. We had dumplings and crispy beef and lamb with scallions. Just not sensational.
Great food! Nice service.  We had mango tempura avocado rolls,  pho and pad thai and it was all delicious.
Went there for the first time try out, staff and teacher were very friendly. I loved the peppermint smell in the studio. Washroom was nice and clean.
Good crowd, decent prices and great whiskey. \nThe bartender was sweet and very helpful. It was a nice, relaxed atmosphere and I enjoyed visiting.
Glad to see a Jewish Deli in the New York New York hotel. Had a Delicious bagel in the morning and their pickles are awesome!
Mediocre food at a moderate price. So many other better buffets on the strip.  Unless you're craving chicken and pizza.
We ordered two Chai lattes $8.00...one was lukewarm at best and the other was cold. We will never go back!!
Overall alright. Ordered a small. Pretty heavy. Flavors were decent. Energetic employees. Could use more Flavors and serving options!
I love love their Kalbi, I always order it the sauce is what makes it really good..hmm think I wanna eat that today.i didn't like their noodles to sweet..
Wonderful food, enthusiastic servers who love their restaurant. Nice decor, reasonable prices. We will definitely return.
We love Jade! It's an amazing place for a special dinner or date night with spouse and friends. We have consistently always had a nice evening here.
Awesome vegetarian options--teriyaki zucchini and asparagus rolls are dope. Definitely try their sticky rice, and get some miso soup.
Had high ratings, so was curious. Definitely deserves its 4 1\/2 stars. I ordered the breakfast special and the lunch special.
Always come early for the job. No hassle to set up appointment. They get you in fast. They did awesome job cleaning everything up.
Service from Travis was great! Even if they were closing off the section that we were in and moved him to serve other tables, he still provided prompt service.
This is a really nice Safeway. However, I went in and got a breakfast burrito from the counter - I've had less greasy and less fattening bacon from McDonald's
Great service and follow through.  A real pleasure to work with.
romantic- cute \n\nSmall portions but overall enjoyed it
Didn't go to the observation deck but was just going through the building.  It is worth checks big out, as it is old, has beautiful architecture and wall designs.
I had to write a review for this place. The almond croissant is the best baked good on this planet. You cannot make something better. It's stunning. Go here.
Great food the pho was very good, not too fatty and. Well spiced. The chicken salad was excellent, the dressing being just spicy enough.
I travel from Concord (45 mins) just to get my eyebrows done....right. My first time, Kimi did them. My 2nd time Arpita did them. Both women did equally great!
Very impressive.  Friendly staff. Affordable rates.  Highly recommend!   I like to support middleton businesses as much as possible
I've been coming here since I was a little girl and nothing ever compares to it. It's a family favorite and always requested by my kids.
I understand that places need time to clean up but locking doors over 20 minutes early for carry out basically loses business forever.
Love these guys!!! They take care of my babies on short notice and they are so good to them! BEST GROOMERS EVER!!!!
A Tim Hortons near a residential area & a busy road with no drive through. Expect a long line up.
So sad to see this favorite shutting the doors after enjoying for the past several years. Best of luck to Jinny and Dino. You will be missed!
I've been here twice with years between.  Both times there was great service by all staff.  I was seen promptly and the doctors were great.
Great and timely service and very well explained A\/C status in our house. Kalem took the time to thoroughly explain everything and make sure we understand.
Always a beautiful experience.  It's a pleasure watching it from different angles.  Brings up so many memories of Vegas visits.
This was my first time going to this restaurant. I order a carne asada burrito. It was delicious. But the side of fries wasn't  good.
Absolutely beautiful on the inside, clean and friendly techs. Affordable and quality work!!
The food is always delicious and creative. The staff and service is always welcoming and fun. Definitely a return customer for brunch and dinner.
Kim is great! I got microdermabrasion and a chemical peel and it made my skin look beautiful. Her prices are fair... I will definitely be back!
Very average Toronto Thai food - nothing to write home about.
Always friendly.  Always clean.  Neighborly.  Parking never a problem.  Nice people.  Good feel.
You have the best gyros I have ever eaten in any restaurant. My daughter and I will continue to frequent your establishment. Thanks for the great food.
This has got to be the best place in the Charlotte area to get any type of window tinting work done.
Delicious food and THE BEST waiter! Alejandro made over our kids and was so accommodating to the adults. We had a great time and will be back for sure!
I was told by Jason that the dim sum menu will begin Valentine's Day! Can't wait to try it then.
Très bons plats, portions généreuses, prix abordables. Excellente valeur pour le prix.\nIl peuvent améliorer le service.
Cool joint in the heart of liberty village! \n\nThe food was amazing and it was a great vibe... I will be back!
Turkey-bacon club on sourdough is excellent. And the Ham-Swiss is always great.
I've always used the west lot with no issues. I really wish there was wifi available, but at least I don't have to pay to park and wait.
Went into the shop today and got broken glasses replaced. Janice and Elizabeth were extremely helpful with picking out new frames!!!!!
Cool space, great coffee, kind people behind the counter! The area is beginning to come around, Odin is an indication of what is to come!
Love this store and their beautiful garden.  A definite plus to the neighborhood.
Perfect place to cure a hangover. Fantastic food and fantastic service. Their menu is huge and has something that'll please everyone. Just had the Frisco burger- on point.
What a pleasure to work with this company!  They were extremely professional regarding scheduling, reminders and promptness.  Our repairman  was friendly and extremely helpful.  Highly recommend!
I love this location - very friendly, helpful staff, a lot of good deals.\n\nHowever, they are closing down this location on Jan  29 (end of day). how sad....
Wow...\n\nWow.  If only I'd found this place sooner, I wouldn't have spent so much time and money in lesser establishments.\n\nDead on with the food.  amazing.
Deana is a gem. Listened to exactly what I wanted. Best haircut of my entire life. Very pleased.
Best flavored boba. They have a good selection of food as well. I really love this spot!!! The food and drinks are super cheap but yummy!!!
Amazing food, and service. I felt like I was right in their home, and I was their star guest. Koy was especially helpful and nice.
got to go!! everything is great. service super friendly. falafel wrap=best $5 sandwich anywhere in town. new extension says it all, business is booming and deservedly so.
Just has a chicken brown rice bowl for the first time. It was so good and the service was fantastic! I may go back for dinner!
This place is amazing!! My girlfriends and I come here every two weeks faithfully. Great salon, great vibe! Love it!!
Service is eh, but their Nutella ice cream sandwich is exceptional! Would go back just for that!
Interesting mix of mexican and chinese,  one of the first places that I tried in AZ. Great service as well. Try to sample all their food before ordering.
Not a fan. Superstition location is better. Constant bird noise, kind of annoying. One of the ladies was super rude. Ehh I serve better raw meat at home!
Super personable show.  Be expecting to laugh the entire time.  He comes out afterwards to take pictures, and sign autographs.  I would and do plan on coming back.
Texas Roadhouse is phenomenal! Great food, service, prices, and atmosphere! God Bless.
Go check him out!  Owner is a fantastic knowledgeable guy who works in the store daily. Great lessons and an excellent selection of gear.
Excellent Thai food. Friendly service staff. Calm atmosphere. Fair prices. Highly recommended.
Tried it for the five star review and the BBQ craving I was suffering and it was great! Excellent food and great staff.
Always fresh and incredible delicious. Wide range of selection available for any occasions. It became our must to go every week place :)
One of the best Vietnamese places I`ve tried in Toronto. Very fresh and very filling. I love Vietnamese coffee and this serves one of the best.
I absolutely love the strawberry and sweet potato salad and their cucumber lemonade! Kids meals are affordable, healthy, and yummy! This is a family favorite!
Great location, selection, lucky tickets, and friendly staff!!!  Check out Tranquil Waters Botanicals Kratom from local Cleveland company for all natural energy and pain relief.
So fun first time at one of these. People were great and the room was definitely a challenge. I recommend this place.
Not bad. Decent sushi. The sea bass skewers was easily the highlight. Not worth the price overall though.
Awesome Chinese food. Food was delivered in a timely manner & arrived piping hot. Delicious!! Finally a great Chinese place on the west side.
Awesome.  Full kitchen. Nice room.  Plenty of space.  No separate partitions like embassy suites But ok just the same.  Friendly staff.  Pool and hot tub.
I actually enjoy this gym they actually watch ur kids and make sure they aren't needing anything
Great food and beer!  The wait staff are very knowledgeable and were helpful in helping select a brew.
Real hole in the wall restaurant. Great burgers and fries. Burger and salad bar to choose your own toppings, which all seemed fresh.\n\nBad part of town. Service is abrupt.
Found this place randomly, amazing pizza! Had the meatball appetizers which were great too! Will be making this a regular spot!
This is a great family church.  Gary Has a very soothing voice. but all the minster give great sermons
The food here was really good with fresh \/ interesting ingredients. Service was only ok. Pricing was fine (mid range).
Love Michelle (the team lead)! Every time we come in she is always in a great mood! Always love coming in when she's here
Below average service and average food for the price.   Views are great but there needs to be some staff training on how to serve. Disappointing for sure.
Good food, great ambience, but can be easily made at home for a lot cheaper. Milk tea with boba was good.
The service was terrible. The line was 10 deep and employees were moping around like they hated life.
Staff is so wonderful & friendly!!! My yorkies looked awesome!!!! My Olive Oyl and Zoey will definitely be back!! Thank you so much!!
The food here is usually very good. Love their mash potatoes and dinner rolls! Lots of different foods to choose from.
The food is consistently very yummy.  love all their selection.  I like how they mix Hawaiian and Korean food together...fusion
Thank you Kathy Klapach!  We love Rita's Italian Ice and appreciate your community  support.
Ordered a small latte, got charged over $4. Realized once I had already driven away that she actually gave me a black coffee - GROSS. What a frustrating waste.
Rainey is the best tattoo artist, very patient and listen to what YOU wanted. pay attention to details with an unbeatable price
Haven't been here in so long, Tierney was very helpful explaining things! Very clean and I'm excited to have another membership!
Love this place - good food decent price! Great times!
I love project cupcake! Best cupcakes in Vegas! The owner is a truly a nice guy. The cupcakes are baked to perfection. There's no  competition here!
Highly enjoyable! Great way to get to know vendors in the area. Good music.
Stellar service. Great dosa and sambhar. All South Indian delicacies are worth trying. I have tried naan and curry but the best dishes are any of dosa.
Great spring roll and pho. We got our food fairly quick which made it a great stop for lunch.
This little hideaway is one of the best keep secrets in Chandler. The food is great, the service is fast and with a family friendly atmosphere.
Love this place. Ashlyn always takes great care of everyone! Food is amazing, drinks are great. Patio is so comfy.
good people did a great job with my ac unit\nwould call the guy back if anything went worng for sure
My fitness burger by Rainey and this is my second tattoo. I love all of my tattoo and I'm planing the next tattoo. That's big deal :)
If the other chicken is anything like the tenders, then you're pretty much getting breaded meat without seasoning. Mac n cheese isn't anything special either.
We just moved to the area and love this place! Great fish tacos, service, and very affordable!
Loveeeeee this place. You got to try LASVEGAS.  Vivaaaaaa lasvegassssssssss. Lol. Its warm,creamy and yummy.
Delicious.\n\nWe got six things and it came to just about 10 bucks.  They are all very tasty. I especially like the cinnamon roll.\n\nStaff were polite and expedient.
Fell in love with this campus and I'm glad I went here :)
Always amazing. Everything that I have had here has been delicious. Drinks, sushi, robata, appetizers.
Pizza was excellent and made exactly to order, including special instructions. Online ordering site is very easy to use.
Lovely, quaint place away from the usual Scottsdale & Shea crowd.  Great pizza, amazing service and attention to detail.  The proprietor is warm, friendly and knows his italian food.
Everything was very good. Starting from the service and the convenient location to the food.\nThe fritto misto and the penne Greek were delicious!! Highly recommended..
Worst pedicure I have ever had. She basically washed my feet and applied nail polish. She didn't even clean up her mistakes. Will never go again.
Food was amazon, service great too. A little pricy but worth it for a nice date night
Good food, nice setting, jazz ambience.\n\nMade for a great evening.
This is truly the best filabertos around. The items they continue to add to their menu is great. Never a complaint.
Best naan bread ever!  Perfect amount of spice on the chicken tikki masala. We will be back for sure.
Uhm, called the number on this yelp to make a reservation and not only was it not answered by a human, the voice message said the mailbox was full!
One of the only REAL diners in Las Vegas. Been going for 14 years now and love it every single time! Have never had a bad experience at Lou's.
Best Mexican food I've ever had, especially the horchatas. Great service and all of the things on the menu are homemade
Classics sports bar the way it should be done, great food, great beer, plenty of tvs\nGreat place for lunch, dinner or happy hour
Great places. Love the people that work there. Dania, Kate and Brittany are all great and do a great job!
Incredible location the sweetest people and the highest of quality a place definitely to come to and to keep coming back to.  Highly highly impressed!!!!!!  LOVE THIS PLACE!
BLEH! Expensive, over-cooked, not great ethnic variety. Yuck. Pick a different Vegas buffet - Try Aria or Rio. You'll be glad you did.
Nice place and decent food. Was a little over-priced for what you get in terms of quantity.
Tried the fajita\/salad\/baked potato. Everything tasted good. Watch out as the food portions are really huge and most of the times are served with a bagel
Delicious burger and fries, cheap beer, chill atmosphere...doesn't get much better. Monty, Friday-Sunday grillmaster, is the shiz.
Best General Tso's Chicken in the valley. Higher priced but you get what you pay for. Love the option to get all white meat and brown rice.
Not worth it. My friend and I both felt sick after ordering take out. I suggest going somewhere else...
The food is always fresh every time I go! Literally! They're the best. Especially MJ I will continue to return. Wonderful customer service skills
Great location and atmosphere! Nice place for a few drinks on the weekend. Great choice of public food and lots of seating
The pad Thai is delicious and so are the curry puffs, and delivery was quick very happy :)
Open 24 hours. The drink was the best I had in awhile, BUT the staff were pretty rude and unfriendly.
Arnoldo was so helpful and took great care of my car! I would highly recommend this location.
Pretty good buffet but I expected more selections. The stuff are great making sure everything is good.
Pricey but delicious. Great food, awesome atmosphere. Great for celebrations or a date night.
The kids working the counter were arrogant and rude. The food was subpar and had a funny taste. Wont be going back anytime soon
Amazing place for Korean BBQ. We tried both the Korean style beef and pork and loved it. Even though it was really busy, the staff was friendly and supportive.
Pasta was great, portions were HUGE. Bread was amazing. Will definitely return. We had the linguini with clams, veal parm, and pasta bolognese
Nice service! My friend I was with didn't like her drink and they made and named \"special\" one just for her! Average bar prices (white wine $9.50, margarita $12).
Very hip hotel, the interior is contemporary and chic..my only complain, our room smelled like a smoking bar.Fairly priced.
The Lassie is amazing!  Yay!\n\nGreat grocery assortment.\n\nGreat customer service, gentlemen thanks for helping get my catering to the car.  Much appreciated.
Great place. Our server was Nick Cupp, he gave us some killer advice and hooked us up with the appetizers and entrees we wanted. Would definitely go back
I recommend there orange chicken and Mongolian beef probably one of my top 5 Asian restaurants
Great Authentic Tacos, Gorditas, and Quesadillas for cheap. Rated by food network as great comfort food. Fast service, likeable staff.
Got a call from RC Willey, and they stated that they regretted my situation. They made a very nice offer and promised to work on the issue. Thank you.
Go see Jamie. She truly is the appliance expert. I'd recommend her and Sears Appliance Showroom to anyone.
Love this place!  Great to hit after hiking, perfect for lunch, and great for drinks after work.  Great food and service.  Love the patio seating area.
I've taken my pets here for emergency and regular visits. I didn't encounter issues. Nothing special with service or visits. They do have separate dog and cat entrances.
Pretty good. \nThe everything bagel was really salty. Not the biggest smear either. \nCoconut bagel was interesting.
Well-pulled shot, delicious honey cortado. Friendly staff and lovely decor. Best quality cup I've had in Charlotte.
Bangers and Mash is DELICIOUS ... But they need to hire servers who are more attentive and deliver food promptly!
These guys did a fantastic job on my tile and wood laminate install. I'd recommend them to my family and friends.
Fries kinda cold. The staff had trouble hearing thru drive thru was basically yelling at them.
Seriously delicious breakfast. Took 40 minutes to get our order but it was innovative and perfectly cooked. Friendly staff. Nice design. We will be back.
Came in at 5:45, seated right away. Very accommodating. Dave our server was awesome. Super friendly and nice!
prime rib, sea bass, cocktail shrimp, and key lime pie mmmmm...
Great place to rent table and chairs. They were super easy to work with my schedule on delivery and pickup!
Staff is amazing and so is the pizza. Price is great. Favorite pizza place in town by far
Absolutely  delicious! Fresh food, fresh drinks.  This was one of my favorite meals while in vegas.  I had the blue plate  and loved every bite.
Had an excellent happy hour\/late lunch with a colleague. Everything we tried was excellent, and I was excited to see they had Orion beer from Okinawa.
I went here for the first time ever last week.....\n\nAnd I loved the food!\n\nDelicious.  I shall return.
Coffee is great. Nice Lil area. When you want to get away from Starbucks busy lines the Mad House is the place to go.
IGA de quartier, standard. Propreté correct. Fruits et légumes correct. Viandes correct. Ferme à 23h tous les jours, très pratique. Recommandable!
Had lunch before leaving for the airport.  good service.  Food came out pretty quick.  and good.
Staff knows you by name, always friendly and funny. Very helpful with helping you better understand your banking options and needs.
We loved everything about The Twisted Rose! The service, food, and hospitality are above and beyond everytime we go. Highly recommend!
They have the best gyros!!! I always order one every time I go but last time I went I got the gyro salad it was pretty good also.
Very good burgers and fries.  The bun was just okay.  Atmosphere also ok.  Very loud.  The burgers with fries are $11.  But the burger was worth it.
We are closing our office been on hold over 50 minutes to cancel our service. It's 2pm on a Wednesday WTH? This is a joke!
In Love with this place! First time here and had the most delicious cinnamon roll with an egg and sausage sandwich.
Great place and great food. Authentic pulled noodles experience. I like the side dishes too and the self made soy milk drinks
This location is awesome! I always come here for tire rotations and balances and they have great customer service. The staff is really knowledgable and professional.
He was recomended by my allergist. Great bedside maner, and really steady hands. My husband noticed that when we went in for my 1st post oper visit. Excellent doctor.
worth the money. It's interactive. Not just an ordinary museum. You become part of the exhibit. I spent over 3 hours in there.
Favorite place in the area.  I wish the draft beer was colder.  It is warm sometimes.
Amazing food. Their tuna melt, sweet potato fries, burgers and sides are absolutely amazing. Literally my favourite place to eat and the service is really good, fast and useful!
So funny, and great tricks.  We had a group that ranged from 14 to 70 years of age and everyone was completely entertained.
Great lunch specials, the fajitas were very good and the service was attentive.  I'll definitely go back! One of the best fajitas in town. Better than lindo michoacan.
Very tasty food. Big portion. Best stuffed green chili. \n\nGood environment. Not  kids friendly.
I'd give it five if they showed boxing other than that great selection of beers and the owner and staff make it! Good Irish atmosphere!
Loved the food and the owner lady was super nice and helpful!
I haven't been to olive Garden in years. it was clean, friendly, and the food was quick.
Came in for the NE football game.  Had a great time!!
I saw the 3rd batman here and I loved it. The theater was nice and spacious and food was pretty good.
Awesome experience!  Karl and Jonathan were informative and fun to work with.  Will definitely take visitors here on the regular!
Beautiful. Watched the water\/music event at sunset. So glad we took the time to experience this.
Outstanding service.  He did the \nBEST job of anyone who has ever cleaned our dryer vents.\nI highly recommend Matt.
Good authentic Mexican restaurant. Simple and standard menu. Lots of options. Very quick and courteous service.
Horrible customer service. Pool cleaner was extremely rude to me. Called the office right away and cancelled service.
Quaint old school dinner. But that's where the positives end. Nothing special about this place other than its age.
I been to the North outlet I like this one better because it is more like the mall indoor rather than out door...!\nI will be back...!
You can't go wrong with anything there. Homemade recipes with one of the largest variety and portions of side dishes.
Great place to eat home style food. Turkey Waffle made with dressing and served with mashed potatoes and gravy and cranberries is to die for!
This place was not busy but the food was great. Waffles made perfect and the breakfast bowl was very good. Will eat here again and recommend it.
Very good breakfast, the pancake are incredible and the staff are so nice.went there 3 morning in a row and the lady remember our drinks
Great spot very quick surprisingly cheap even though they're located in centennial definite recommend.
Visiting family in Arizona and decided to stop here. Great choice the margaritas were delicious!!!
Just what we were looking for!  We wanted some authentic Mexican food that isn't available in Vegas, and we loved this place!
Unique one of a kind pieces! Great for gifts for girlfriends!
Very good & authentic. I worked a Chinese restaurant, and I have been to China. This is the 'real deal'.
Excellent selection of beers and great patio in the heart of Kensington Market. Haven't tried the food but menu looked great.
Loved the service and food !!! Everything was done freshly in a good amount of time! Our server was Kim , she was great and on it !
Delicious. I had the turkey and rib combo it was absolutely the best bbq I have ever had!
Great food! Best lettuce wraps I have ever had. Flavor was deliciously Server was so helpful. Check out this new spot. Oh, and a full bar!
Food was good. Appetizer portions were way too small. I'd recommend to just skip the appetizer and get a burger.
Showtime marketing has the best shows in Vegas! We went to see Carrot Top and loved it
Great tacos, decent service, good price. Sangrias and mojitos were amazing!
I always get excellent care from Randolph Chiropractic! From Doctors to front desk, everyone is amazing! If your looking for a Chiropractor in the Charlotte area, check them out!
I have been using their services for 8 years and have always been very happy with their work. Also excellent tailoring. Highly recommended from my experiences.
Very yummy!!!! The staff was super friendly and very accommodating! I will return when I'm in Charlotte again!
I found everyone to be extremely helpful and did everything they promised to do. I would definitely recommend them.
Service is fast and really friendly. Food is amazing - try the wings. A really great experience! Will definitely come back.
Great Spanish Style food in Toronto, Canada, We were there on a business trip and hotel bartender suggested us this place.  It turns out wonderful.
I love this location it is so convenient to the freeway and they quickly pick you up and deliver you at the airport. Very reasonable and polite drivers.
It was a really nice experience. Good ambience and relaxing massage. Friendly staff and I recommend this spa for sure.
My wife and I did the couples massage.  She fell asleep and I  feel great.  Wish I could take them home to Indiana.
So so amazing. We tried barbacoa, pastor, and asada tacos. Also the nachos were good. All very flavorful and tender. We will be back.
Food was great and authentic.  Just what we were looking for.  Everything we had was delicious.  They took care of us and we'll be back.
Very nice place, gonna come back for sure. Reasonable  price of alcohol and plenty choice of food, also the taste is outstanding in bars. Strongly recommend the fries!
Love this place! Great food and awesome service. They're chow mein and egg flower soup are delish
Bachelorette party and stopped in for drinks.  Slow service the entire time.  Came recommended and never will return
Great ice cream. Excellent cookies n cream! The specially made waffle cones highly recommended. Friendly staff. Negative ; bit pricey. Would go more often if priced differently..
Showed up today at 3pm sharp and have been waiting outside for 30 minutes in 109 degree heat...yet it's still closed and their coffee isn't worth a heat stroke
Best detail did really good job. We will be using them for our entire office. Thank You Peter
Kristin is very knowledgeable about her work. I have been very satisfied with my service and would recommend her. The on line schedule works great
I really like this place! It has great food, the people are nice and it's just a great meeting place for my friends and I. I do suggest it.
Found these guys on Yelp. They were courteous, knowledgeable, fast and thorough. I would use them again.
We had the steak with mixed peppers and cheese wiz with some chicken tenders. The food was great and the staff is very friendly and polite. We recommend!
I'm afraid the  reviews for this company were all written by its owners and employees. All 5 stars? Normally, people write reviews to complain about something went bad. Suspicious...
In a nutshell....\n\nBeen here several times\n\nGreat food. I have loved everything I've tried.  Sushi was incredible. \n\nService was awesome\n\n\nI will go back.
It seems as if this place got more awesome. Almost any type of entertainment conceivable can be found at Bookman's.
Consistently lowest priced pharmacy for non-prescription items downtown. Anytime we need vitamins or toiletries, this is our first stop.
Pleasant surprise for brunch! Maybe one of the best brunches I've had in ages. Unique flavors and good service. I highly recommend!
Wonderful staff . Knowledgeable they explain everything step by step. love the facy that there  pretty much on time for a doctors office.
One Word: AMAZING!!!  Carne Asada was cooked perfectly, their portions are large, and the service was awesome!!!  I got delicious food and made a friend!!!
This is my favorite Ethiopian restaurant in North Carolina. I'd recommend the shiro,  but make sure to ask about the lamb tibs.
I love their wings. I love the selection of beer. Beware of messing with the jukebox after too many brews. I think I pumped $10 in there last time!
The slut is amazing!  Creamy delicious potato purée topped with a slow egg and grey salt!  My go to every time in Las Vegas!
Great sandwiches. The Fiance loved them so much he went back multiple times on our trip!
This place was well worth the $. The bread was something dreams are made of. Loved.it!
We are from out of town. A women at our hotel suggested Dicks diner. Great food, great service, great prices and clean! Awesome. We suggest \"the country\" for breakfast.
Excellent food and staff. My wife and I enjoy going there mid afternoon Fridays. You will have a hardtime finding fault with this fine restaurant.
Bacon egg and cheese sandwich bomb.com. nice and worth the wait. Weekends it's about an hr wait weekdays I say 20 mins but soo worth it
Had a very good experience at this walk in clinic. I only waited about 15 minutes before I saw the doctor. Dr. Feld was very nice and professional.
AmaZing coffee in a beautiful setting. Love how the vintage signs are hanging inside!
Nice clean place . Bright and good vege options. The vege sushi platter was nice .  The host and servers were nice too.
Great place for fresh, made from scratch meals. The bakery is amazing. It's a small place and lunchtime can be very busy. Worth the wait.
The customer service at this store is the best.  Jimmy knows how to take care of customers.  Thank you again Pep Boys Henderson!
Dr. Lee goes above and beyond for her patients. She's concerned about their overall well-being. I would highly recommend her to anyone looking for pain-relief or preventive care.
Tasty twist in Southern style fried chicken.. awesome staff and great atmosphere. Came here with my wife for her birthday .. can't wait to come back
Ljiljana Aleksic, O.D.  my go-to Eye Doctor!  Thorough, on time, and patient.  Friendly manner and professional staff.
Excellent food. Very tasty & prepared & seasoned as we asked.  Service was average & a little slow for an Indian restaurant. Good value for the price. Extensive menu.
The food is great coming to you super fast! staff have a ton of attitude! I can deal with attitude for a good meal
Excellent food and service!  Our waiter Abel was able to recommend dishes they fit our tastes.  Great recommendations on beer. New biryani dishes that are very tasty!
My favorite smog check place in Vegas! I've always had a great experience here. It is super affordable, quick and easy. And the customer service is a top notch!
Been there once the food was ok nothing crazy ...super loud rock music inside where u can't hear ur partner ...
There were ants on the wall never eating there again I love the food but if it is going to be infested with ants no thanks.
Heather is awesome and funny. My wife is the reason why I get pedicures in the first place. I recommend anyone getting a mani or pedi to see Heather.
Manny helped me with all my questions. He was very professional and knowledgeable. This office always makes us feel taken care of. Thanks Manny
Salted Caramel Brownies. End of story, game over.\nAlways enjoy my random visits. Staff and owner seem pretty terrific
Excellent veggie omelet with great slices of fruit. Waiter was prompt and very friendly. Will come again for sure.
Everything I've had here is amazing!!! Mussels, scallops, salmon, notorious BIG...everything!
Great BBQ while you wait for your car to get washed.  Plus they give a 5 day rain check that is nice in case your car gets dumped on.
I cancelled a month ago and I'm still getting charged. You can sign me up you sure as hell can unsign me.
I live several miles away, but I travel to Nobel Beast to pick up my dog food once a month.  It's that good!!
Omg! The drinks are made well and the burgers are to die for. Also one of the few places I've found in Vegas with gluten free buns! Hells yes!
I would say a better Panera Bread.  Good lemonade, and soup and salad.  Pricey for sure.
I love this place!! Their guacamole is one of the best!  Love their brisket tacos too!  Love coming here!
Had the lunch buffet. Everything was delicious. The waiters\/waitresses were very gracious and pleasant. Nice atmosphere.
Love this place for lunch.   Typical Chinese fast food take out at a reasonable cost.    A regular here for years.
Not only was the food great..our waitress Shannon was the best waitress we have ever had!..very personable and friendly..we will definitely come back..mainly because of her!!
Buen servicio recomiendo a mis paisanos de Mexico y de habla hispana  la comida es excelente y el servicio es \nrápido.
Cheese bread and margherita pizza is my go to order! the stuffed manicotti is also really good.
Great food in a really chill and casual atmosphere. Similar to Boiling Crab but a little more of a dive.
Amazing BBQ!  I've had the ribs, the brisket and the jerk chicken, everything is so delicious!  I look forward to Stevens weekly visits, great food and great service!
La bouffe n'est pas très bonne. Le décor est horrible. Les chats sont cachés. C'est relativement cher. Heureusement le service est excellent. Je m'attendais à plus..
So yummy, love their brunch and regular menu. Plus happy hour $5 glasses of wine can't hurt!
Did an excellent job, found out I was putting in the wrong oil that is recommended for my car. Fast and quick service.
This is just what we are looking for while visiting Scottsdale. Great friendly service and a wide selection of good tequila. The food is great too!
Decent flavour, similar to osmows chicken on the rocks but nowhere near as flavourful. Portion size is fair. Food was a bit cold. Good service.
GREAT service....very friendly employees! Definitely felt like we got our money's worth and more. Will use no one else from now on, could not be happier!
Roped me in with a coupon offer that only revealed itself to be from 2013 upon check in! Yelp! Otherwise, service was great and enjoyed my meal!
The guys here are always so friendly and helpful! They go over everything throughly and answer all my questions!
Excellent selection of dog shampoo. It's sometimes a bit tricky to find what you're looking for in the warehouse, but staff is helpful. Good prices.
It's alright. A convenient place to grab sushi before heading down to the lake or the garden which is located nearby.
The egg drop soup is the best I have ever had. The Tottie rolls are also amazing. I am never disappointed when we eat here.
Came by for a martini after work could not get a club soda. They don't sell it by the glass. This is my 3 time here. Strike 3.
Always bomb, they cook it fresh right when you order it I love my food hot and it's flavorful
I have eaten here for years and never had a bad roll. I love the screamin O its my favorite.
Best prices, showed up right on time, super fast and professional. Would definitely recommend!!
Awesome, friendly staff!!! I highly recommend them if you need any work done on your teeth.
This place has great ambiance. Food was yummy albeit the portions were tiny for big prices. We went at 1PM so wasn't busy.
So excited for our new swing!!!! And they ship for a low price. Yay for local amazing shops!
yummy and cute place to eat, love the flat crisp parmesan bread with special honey salt butter. great Monday menu!
Food was great! However. We had a party of 23 with a menu that was already decided. They ran out of crab cakes! Nice atmosphere.
Horribly sticky floors,  reminiscent of walking on fly paper. Bland \"food\",  generic beer selection. I'm not returning anytime soon.
I had a foodgasm.  Each pice of sushi delivered was better than the last.  Nothing more to say. Outstanding.
We have a couples night out, we went to the fusion, and the food was very very delicious, it was a normal atmosphere, and the prices are very reasonable,
Amazing decor and people watching... a bit pricey- but everything is in Vegas!   100% worth it!
We were offered quick service and our bubble teas were delicious! The only reason it is not a 5 star rating is because the server could have been warmer.
Always get good service. I love there food and drinks. The staff is friendly the price is reasonable with bottomless fries and drinks.
BIZARRE.  Unprofessional.  Revolving door for hair stylists.
Thank you for your timely response to my request! I am thrilled! I will recommend you every chance I get. God bless you all!
Best Schnitzel in town.\nGreat German bread.\nVery friendly, very helpful,\nGreat sausage to.\nHighly recommended
4 Stars on the food.  Always very good.  Service is always great and they treat you like they appreciate your business which many places don't do these days.
I was pleasantly surprised with my 1st adjustment, the staff was friendly and efficient. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone I know.
Patrick was awesome. Very friendly and professional. Made the carpets look beautiful. Will def use them again!
Best Mexican food in town. Seriously the price is right too! The margaritas are amazing, actually everything was!!!
Fabulous service every time, love their menu and drinks...oh my god their drinks are fabulous! Super cute restaurant and bar!
Awesome place. We come here every time we are in the SW part of town. Reasonable price.
Delicious! The food here was wonderful, best enchiladas that I've had in a long time! Our waitress, Araceli and busser Ruben were very friendly, quick and attentive.
Awesome buffet, crab legs and chocolate eclairs are the tits.
Service was a bit slow but it was an ok place. Not what I expected when I drove there. Nice place for breakfast
This place was awesome!  If your live or visiting Pittsburgh this is a must see attraction!
Great food, fast service and it's family run. I really like the pad kee mao and the egg rolls are bomb!
Love this place! Everything on the menu is superb. \nSalads, Pizza, Gyros, you name it, its good! \n\nStaff is always friendly and the place is always clean.
Parfait pour se réchauffer, chiller avec un bon café , une pâtisserie, de la bonne musique, et une deco tres sympa ! Leur nutellatte est excellent
Enjoyed our stay! Free valet parking. Nice rooms and staff. The double wide jacuzzi was clean. Something I was concerned about.
Hands down my favorite Italian food in the valley. These guys rock. Talk about service, more restaurants should take notes.
Went here to eat yesterday night... Not having reservation makes it tuff to just go anyplace and eat but it's New Years Eve and I can understand.
Hands down best sushi.  Hibachi chefs are excellent and entertaining.  Nice ambiance and friendly staff
Popular and busy place. We made a stop to fill up on gas. Price was much better than what we pay in our home state.
We had pizza here and it was awesome!  Small place, but great food and service.  Very delicious!  Can't wait to try some of their subs!
The beer is fantastic especially the Bed Head Red. Some of the best barbecue I've found in NE Ohio!
It should not take 25 minutes in the drive-through with only one car ahead of you. The sandwich did not look anything like the pictures. A total fail
The atmosphere is great, but the food is overpriced and mediocre. My chicken was well seasoned, but dry.
Adorable boutique clothing at affordable prices. Huge clearance section and nice customer service. A great place to stop by for womens and juniors clothes without the mall prices.
I am a vegetarian and have a very hard time finding a decent meal at a restaurant. Plaza Agave is wonderful for vegetarians!
Visited the store to purchase my new iPhone 6 plus! Very helpful and knowledgeable staff!
Nice Happy Hour spot in downtown Phoenix. Their Sunday brunch is good as well. Kind of a small establishment,. Nice friendly staff.
The theater is difficult to find, but the show is very entertaining.
Had the opportunity to go into Shoe Bag Today, greeted by staff and then came RUDE interjection by the \"Owner\".\n\nBuyer Beware!!
Food and atmosphere great but service terrible.   Saw the server 3 times in 1 hour.  No second drink and no dirty plated taken. Hope it was just him.
Best hand-cut ribeyes in the west! Service is legendary! Freshly baked bread makes you want to slap yo mama! Ladies looking great and way to hustle.
The two ladies here at Concourse A are killing the 5am rush. They could definitely use another two people, but for right now they are tackling it quite well!
The manager was helpful and very pleasant! There was a large selection of delicious looking donuts. I got a dozen and my friends and I enjoyed them a lot!
I dont know where to start .. amazing place amazing food best service \nI love everything about this place
This place is good!  Love the cocktail menu and guacamole.  The service is excellent and the prices are extremely fair.
We all went out the other night and visited Gold Spike. The atmosphere was unique with the oversized outside games. This was a lot of fun!
I appreciate Jimmy Joe 's  . I've only tried to huge slices.  The sauce is delicious , but inconsistent
Sunday morning without a reservation is a 4 hour wait. Not recommended. One person called every hour to fill spots vacated by no shows.
Awesome place. Lots of exhibits, awesome robot exhibit, Amazing sub exhibit, cheap food, but expensive tickets
Excellent food. Staff very friendly and attentive. Only wish they had their DJ there as advertised.
Tom did an amazing job! First time here and I would come back. Check out my before and after. Very fair prices.
This place never disappoints. Their $2.00 taco Tuesday is worth the trip up there. great sandwiches and crispy fries and onion rings. Haven't tried the wings yet.
Wow.  This place was pretty tight.  The outdoor environment was amazing.  Too bad I was hella tired throughout the night.  Otherwise I wouldve been dancing the night away.
Great service got my bottle of patron quick and easy. i got a great chaser. they do accept credit cards
This place is the bomb, fresh and delicious it can't get any better than this. I get the spicy shrimp and eggplant and it is to die for!
food is excellent and service is superb. we had the arroz con mariscos (like spanish paella or like a seafood risotto, in a way) and chicharrones (fried pork).
The prime rib was excellent, the service was excellent. Our while dining experience could not have been better
The chicken wings and philly cheese steak were awesome!!! Timely delivery as well! A little pricy but worth it!
The best pizza place in Fountain Hills! The management and entire staff have great customer service.
Loved it!  Wonderful Ambience, Delicious Food, Great Service!
Erik and Ed were so fantastic throughout the entire process. I love everything about my experience with this dealership!
The avocado toast WITH a side of the olive tapenade might be illegal it's so good!  Great spot for drinks and a bite'
Summer is the worst server in the world. Could not be bother doing her job. I could have gotten better service at McD's
Awesome fish and chips.  Also tried haggis for the first time there, it was pretty good and went well with they're large beer selection.
My boyfriend and I eat here every 1-2 weeks. The staff is great and the food never disappoints. I would continue coming here even if I didn't live nearby.
Great mattress for Arizona because of how cool and breathable it is.  Took no time to buy and had it at my house that afternoon.
This is tan bueno. The margaritas are awesome. El guacamole es sobresaliente. And the enchiladas suizas are great. COME EAT HERE.
Mike was prompt, professional, and friendly. Got the job done quick!! Highly recommend.\nLindsey H
CLOSED. Went yesterday to use my groupon and there was a for sale sign in the window. There was another sign saying an Italian restaurant is coming soon.
Nice place to meet a friend for coffee! Plenty of parking outside too.\nHad an excellent cappuccino!
Signed up online, took a class with Dana. Great Instructor, I already signed up for a 2nd class.
Excellent. Clean place. The food is delicious. I love their carnitas and carne asada the best!!!
The spinach Borani was so yummy. But Dolmeh was little bit dry I thought.Great service.
Always friendly service. Amazing cheese dip with warm tortilla chips. Fajitas are never greasy. Been going here for years and have never had a bad meal.
This place is darn good.  I like sitting in the sunshine in front window, like a cat!
Great and huge selection of DVDs. Kids and adults - you'd actually want to watch. Recent
$79 dollars for a air filter and regular oil. Keep taking advantage of wives, I bet you feel like men.
Gr8 place for lunch! I had the #17 (chicken Sharma ) delish!  Nice to have the food brought to the table.
Loved how nice the staff was, my dog Grady seemed to have really liked it a lot there. Definitely will use them in my future trips here.
Super friendly, knowledgeable, showed up on time, and were very thorough. Cleaned up any mess that was made before wrapping everything up. Would absolutely recommend!
Great place..Friendly service and prices are very reasonable. Pancakes are delicious !!
Love the dresses here..great selection for bridesmaids dresses!! The manager is so wonderful and nice..just makes this place even better to do business with!!
Great wait staff. Food was delicious would recommend whisky and brisket sandwich for lunch no need for fries sandwich is huge. Music selection was perfect accompaniment to atmosphere
Prompt and professional service.  Mike had my glasses fixed in less time than it took to drive to the store.
Amazing food! Had the roasted vege wrap and the lentils soup, simply amazing. Im actually from Montreal and everytime im in TO, Ravisoups is a must!
Got my windshield replaced twice due to rock chips and the same technician came out and did a great job... Thanks Edgar!
Quickly seated. Enjoyed the Fajitas.  Great place knowing the food was fresh.  My entire family enjoyed our experience and will return on another vacation.
The Pastor, or seasoned pork, with onion and pineapples is amazing! The staff are super friendly and patient with a newcomer like me.
Wow. Drove from Cincinnati for research and had a taco trio.  Strong. Al pastor and her chicken magnificent. Avocado fries were a delicious start.
The Cove is a great friendly place to grab a beer, a nice meal, or a glass of wine with friends.
I was completely satisfied with all aspects of the process and highly recommend Neel Dhingra and All Western Mortgage.
What can I say, a simple sandwich with fresh baked bread!? Good and simple all the time! Gotta love JJ!
First time here and I had the Country Fried Steak skillet. It was delicious and more than enough food. Great attentive staff with a positive attitude. Highly recommended!
Starbucks is Starbucks. \n\nIt's perfect, the only things, it's that it's crowded with people when it gets to the finals week.
Pretty solid vegan spot. Had a rice bowl there today that came with a bunch of stuff, all the ingredients seemed fresh and came together well. Simple and tasty
Not bad for a sports bar..close to our office..Dexone
Definitely the best deal in town. They give pretty good size servings and fairly cheap. Everything on the menu is recomended.
The Thai food here is amazing. I got the Pad see ew and it was delicious. The staff is very friendly.
Great staff...always helpful and they take good care to make sure you are getting the right item you need.
Very similar to  the ones east side but people seem a little nicer. Everyone was so helpful. It was surreal..
Another excellent find on yelp. The food is delicious the staff is friendly. Excellent place to eat. Here on vacation but we will definitely be back.
Rami and Borna ,very friendly and knowledgeable staff,I will recommend to everybody.Thank you guys,great costumers service :).N.Todorov
Courteous, easy check in and out.  The cold bottle of water is always appreciated.
Menu 6 dégustations, très bon, très fin, serveur très courtois, une belle expérience.\n6 course dinner, really nice, the waiter was really nice and helpfull, great experience!
Première visite, j'y reviendrai. Belle ambiance, très bon service et toute notre table a adoré le menu bouffe. Le grilled cheese avec extra jambon!!!
Great location, excited for the rainbow\/ warm springs coming soon!\n\nAdd chilies and get your fries well
Fresh donuts. Good hot coffee. Breakfast sandwiches and very reasonable and tasty. Would recommend this for family. Staff is friendly and courteous.
Love Erin O'Neill!! She rocks hair!! Love her sense of what u want from business professional to wild\/crazy;)
We just walked in and then walked right out! The employee that was working was coughing and sniffing and snorting all over the food!!
Invited here to my friends birthday party. Had great service and food.
Ordered a jack on the rocks. It came out clear. Hmm I wonder if they water down their liquor. Yea, we won't be back.
I love the name, but that's about it.  The food was lacking and the desserts look better than it tastes.
Amazing service, courtyard, and selections. The poutine is Grade A. Compliments to the chefs. Keep up the good work!
They were very courteous and got the job done very fast. Good communication when scheduling and arriving, very nice guys.
Great food and service. It's just like most hard rocks with the gift shop and all of the rock and roll memorabilia.
Really well put together restaurant. Playful food program with good value, great technique. Serious service standards for the price points.
This restaurant use the real stuff, the real miso soup with real shrimp and real fish, real everything!! Love it  SUPER!!
Delicious gluten free pizza! Crispy crust, flavorful meat topping. Fresh side salad. Delivered quickly. Loved it.
great customer service, bought 2 Tables and chairs, and 2 TV stands with fireplace, ashley furniture is a great place to shop for furniture.
This is gotta be the best subway food spot period. \n\nI live 10 minutes from the station, i pay just to go eat there.
Had their congee and noodle combo. Congee was very tasteless. Wouldn't recommend
We had a great time for the first time ever doing am escape room.  Will be doing it again very soon!
Yum. Sandy was a great server! I would ask for her again! The traditional Reuben was perfect. I recommend getting the half because the full was too large.
The rolls were absolutely amazing! Some other items lacked luster. The service was really bad, but the staff was friendly
It works if you're drunk and you just need something to soak up the alcohol the spices are pretty much off it doesn't taste authentic at all
Brand new, clean, every shop was staffed with compitent engaging employees.  Defiantly worth a stop.
Kalbi cooked to perfection! Rice is fluffy & sides are fresh. Soup is full of flavor, noodles aren't soggy. Friendly service. Love this place!!!
totally missed the mark here -  much better options available.  Service was horrible, food was not good.
All of the staff members are so sweet and the tanning rooms are very clean! Loving it so far!
Really, really, really good milk tea boba! The BEST I have found  in the Chandler\/Gilbert area. And the prices are good! It's the bomb!
Fiesta Pools is such a wonderful company. They work in such a professional and timely manner. I would recommend them.
Amazing happy hour food and drinks.  The Tortilla Soup was awesome.   Had two rounds of drinks - great service.
Mario our server was fantastic and the food was incredible! Do yourself a favour and get the cataplana
Service at the Grazie in DC Ranch is much better than the store in Old Town. But the pizza's are the same... little better than average
Fun place, lots of duck paraphenalia, and celbrity photos.  Expect to pay top dollar  for candy, but you'll have fun doing it.\n\n($14\/lb in the bulk bins)
I've loved fuddruckers for years, unfortunately since they were purchased by Luby's the quality has gone way down.
I had salmon kibbeh and hummus ...The best ever high quality authentic food. Will definitely become a  regular!
Great spices! Will be using them in our baked goods at Kai's Kookies!
reagan was an amazing server! she gave us fantastic service and she new the menu verbatum! the food was to die for and the atmosphere was amazing!
Skip it!  The tenders were rubbery and super salty!  The mashed potatoes tasted like instant!  Canes is way tastier down the street!
Food was dece. Service was above average. Waitresses were good looking.
This place is amazing! I'm from Cali and this is my favorite Mexican spot in LV, great customer service and amazing food. Me and my gf will be back!!!
Mediocre pizza, bad Caesar salad, and high prices. On the positive side, service was good and we got our order very quickly.
Oh yeah !!  try a strawberry & Bellini mix with an extra shot for extra fun  quick lines & service . It's the hidden location
Really great service.  I used a a Groupon and they did the feet first then the massage.  Very nice!  Highly recommended!
Had the brisket with slaw and grits. 5 starts without a doubt. Can't wait to try more of their menu! Highly recommend.
Nice lady who helped us. She took her time and did a nice job. Not thin not thick juts perfect clean up.
Average food and atmosphere. Perfectly fine but not worth a special trip unless you are in Oakmont
Love the food and the service!!!!  Burnin' Love is my all time favorite :) Bottomless Fries with ranch.....Yumm!!!
Didn't really understand the point of the hot plate. The waffle was pretty hard and so was the brownie.
You know the food is good when you scoop up grits and it forms a heart. Truly amazing barbecue!
Tasty korean authentic cuisine with good value for your money but seriously need better organized serving plan
Tried smoked chicken and barbacoa beef street tacos. The barbacoa was awesome! Very flavorful! Will try burrito next!
Unless you're broke down on bonanza where they're located do not use them waited three hours
Friendly and fast service. Prices are low and the food was fresh and Delicious. Conveniently located next to the st Joseph hospital in a walkable distance
Delicious carrot cake cupcake. It's small shop but friendly staff. Cake pops also yummy & moist.
Jaime is the best! Always is friendly and cracks a smile! Really good service and of course the food is always delicious!
I've only been here for a few minutes and I already feel like I'm at home. I think I found one of my new favorite breakfast places.
Surprised the mall didn't suck..\nGreat vans, Nike, pac sun outlets. \nHalls are narrow and mall poorly designed, so it gets hectic and busy.
Great selection of beers and fantastic cocktails! This place has a hip atmosphere in a great lounge style. Worth a stop for some drinks and socializing.
yummmmmmmmmy! This place is Amazing the brisket ,the mac and cheese to the greens. peach cobler was the best ive had in my life.  Prices are unbeatable.
The best Wings ever. I'm so glad that Henderson NV has a Wing stop now. Great service fresh and clean. Very friendly folks, great smiles.
Excellent mushroom and wild rice bisque And curried apricot and red lentil!! Awesome communal setting as well. Highly recommend
Portions are Texas sized, food was tasty, and Rose was a great server (knowledgeable and oh so friendly)!
My experience here isn't that great. The dishes that my friends and I had could have been better. The price is a bit high for the quality.
Food was decent but very Americanized.  Neat place to hang out, but not the best for legit Thai food.
Excellent storage facility. Extremely clean and climate controlled so things stored stay at good temperature. They take deliveries which has been very helpful. Management helpful and friendly.
Not great service very inexperienced wait staff not crazy about hand carved  sandwiches too thick.  Should be serving breakfast all day.
i had the best Chicken Marcela ever. The spaghetti with meet sauce was nothing to rave about. Prices are great.
Ely is the best. High-class professional. I have changed a number of barbers and he is the first and the only one who understands what you need.
Hibatchi steak was delicious!!! I had the white chocolate macadamia nut cheesecake for dessert because how can you resist their cheesecake options. Very good!!!
Horrible food & service. Have been here several times in past and was great. Will not come back after this experience.
I absolutely love this bakery \nThe best pizza dough and the best pastries. Employees are very friendly.
Shuttle came quick but line to get the rental was excruciatingly slow! I'll stick with enterprise from now on.
Très très bons hamburgers tous aussi succulents les uns que les autres. Service impeccable et chaleureux .
Wow! Who knew Vegas had Malaysian food. We had been craving it and the Roti Canai and Rendangs satisfied those cravings. Very friendly service.
My favorite happy hour place for sure!! The last few times we've been in we had Lydia as our server and she was just an absolute doll :)
My favorite sandwich shop period.
Wonderful. The Cuban sandwich was as good as they come. Chimichurri is addictive. Very friendly servers. Will definitely go back to try some steaks. Highly recommended!
Shomari slayed my brows! Thanks for the great experience! I'll definitely be coming back!
Good Burgers, great milk shakes, and the onion rings were pretty tasty as well. Pretty good amount of food, definitely will be back.
Ordered trash can nachos & Mac\/cheese burger.... More food than I could eat\/ but it was not anything fantastic
Excellent location, service, and food. First time having Poke (yes, I don't get out too much) and loved it!
Really good burger. Very fresh. The waitress was super nice and attentive. Give this place a try!
Free Ping Pong and Pool.  Little more pricy than other bars but not bad for scottsdale.
Best Ice Cream Ever. My favorite is the Key Lime and Rocky Road. I highly recommend!
Bomb as hell and the guy is real cool. I would cum here again many times over. Hooray.
Good food, decently fast service.  Big selection, the lunch specials are well worth it and you get a great selection.
Love this place.  Affordable and delicious.  It would get a 5 star if it was a bit nicer in the restaurant.
MaryAnne gives an amazing massage!  I've been searching for someone who does amazing massages for awhile and my search is over!
Interesting bruchetta platter, nice selection of toppings for pizzas and decent wine list.  Walked right in on a Friday night.
Fair...nothing special at this restaurant. Wine by the glass is expensive with a limited selection.
Great they opened something new in Summerlin. Well executed and thought out.
Great atmosphere and service. Worth the trip for the bruschetta. The soup and s always fresh, this place never disappoints.
Service and food were poor quality. Limp salad and the hottest wings tasted like bbq sauce. Won't be going back. The waitress obviously doesnt like her job.
Everything in the store smells delicious. I love the bath bombs. The peach bomb made my skin soft.
Food 4\/5\nService 2\/5\n\nI mean it's like a local hole in the wall bar what am I really expecting? Original Wing Sauce is top notch stuff. Cash Only.
This place is open after hours, has amazing hookah, and great service! One of the only two great hookah bars in Scottsdale.
Food was great and our server Reagan was amazing!  So friendly and made fantastic suggestions!
Nice area of town. The theater was clean. The staff was very friendly.  The popcorn was fresh and buttery! Yum!!! An overall good experience.
Love this place! Katie is the sweetest!!\n\nThis place is amazing!\n\n\nI love the Watermelon Smoothie
Consistently great food and drinks.  Go before 6 for happy hour prices. Try the peach smashed martini and prime rib dip (au jus).
Food was very good, very big portions. A good value for the money. Our waiter Ishmael was excellent.
Service was great. The Santorini salad and fries were awesome! Great neighborhood lunch spot
My first time here...service is awesome. Ordered Jun's Special combo w\/ veggies. DELISH!
I absolutely love this place!! It has the cutest decor and an amazing menu! I recon s the cheese platter to share and the raspberry mojito!!
Went there at 8 pm on a Friday night and all fish ice cream cone are sold out already. Pretty disappointing.
Got tint for my truck here and couldn't have gone better. Coupon on their website and not a single bubble on the entire job!
Had a lovely summer dinner on the patio. Great outdoor patio, great beer and wine list. Fish tacos are wonderful. Reasonably priced menu. Will definitely be back.
Amy was amazing!! I will definitely be back again!! Came last minute with two others and were sat right away. Very impressed!
Very friendly and welcoming service. The food is delicious and comes very fast. Also i think they have the freshest chips around. Very clean as well.
Red velvet pancakes. Seriously..... can't take picture. They are devoured. I come from Muskoka specifically for this! Oh, and the eggs Benedict. Wow... just wow!
Great selection, friendly staff, roomy cafe, and great addition to the shopping center
Low prices and wide selection. Cafeteria style, easy access from Ebling Library.
decor and food much less impressive than wynn.  it is no longer a prime player of buffet.  no gelato in bellagio
Best Indian food in the valley. The food quality is just awesome and at the same time equally good service.
Pretty normal place. Kind of expensive, but good music (DCFC, Spoon) so far. The chai latte is also fairly normal.
Jose' did excellent work on fixing the problem in the bathroom last Friday. Keep up the great work. Kudo's to the maintenance staff.
Nice little Mexican food shop. I had the carne asada burrito and it was tasty. I didn't find the tortia very good. Otherwise very clean and friendly.
Wonderfully old-school.  Italian comfort food.  Complementary wine.
I had the cookie monster it was good but nothing too special, if there is no line I would go and try other ice creams.
My 13 yr old daughter and I each found a few unique pieces of clothing in this boutique. Very cute and the process were great!
First time hear on a visit to Toronto. Restaurant was nice. Our waitress was very good and the food was pretty good too. Will definitely come back again.
Very slow service.  4 people behind the counter and no one is getting their  pizzas.  Need a manager to get these young inexperienced workers, working together....
Dr. Connell and his staff are so friendly and helpful. I couldn't imagine going to another dentist.
Great food and very open. Very quick as well will be back again. Any of the ramen is wonderful as is the Gyoza, loved the chicken
Great place to get nails done at a great price! The salon is clean and even when they are busy the wait is not that long.
Every time I enter this store and associate is a total jerk. No customer service or respect for shoppers. Terrible place to shop. Do not go here.
This place is Great & Healthy. $8 for a fresh meal & very filling. We will be back for the bar (great view) w\/o the little ones
Loved it. Friendly, efficient staff. Warm, welcoming decor. Delicious food - nothing fancy and perfect portions. Very affordable. Exactly what we were looking for. We'll definitely be back.
Fish is very tender but overpriced. We have ordered the boiling fish, grilled shrimps in a pot, salty egg cabbages *(this one is really good)
Was waited on from one of the best servers and the food was preety good!
If you go there dont let the male hairdresser touch your hair. Gonna be wearing a hat for the next month because of him.
We discovered this family run spot and we were immediately hooked! Awesome Filipino menu, well executed and super friendly owner! We'll definitely be back!
Friendly staff, and great office. Very up to date equipment, and a comfortable setting. The only dentist office that I will go to in Charlotte.
This is my favorite restaurant. Especially, One of my most like food is chicken wings. Try this!!
A little pricey, but mmmmmmm.........it's DELICIOUS!! I've liked everything I've ever ordered there, and so will you.
Good sushi, but it is more expensive with smaller portions! Will go back at lunch and another round of dinner of course though.
Chill environment, great drinks, good food, amazing bartenders! Jaren and Jamie are the best! Very attentive and friendly service. \nDefinitely one of my favorite local bars!!
Service has gone down hill since my last review.
Always a favorite, authentic tacos, the veggies with the chips, the atmosphere. Full service bar....
Used a groupon. $13 fish and chips. $10 cheeseburger. $4 beer special. Grilled lemon was a nice touch. Staff is super cool.
Really good quality cakes and pastries not high in sugar and they use good quality chocolate, but the store closes very early everyday.
Great salon! Everyone is genuinely really nice, especially the owner. Anna is very sweet - my nails always look great! Definitely my go to nail salon.
The food and service isn't as good as the location on 32nd NE but im glad there's a location on 17th for when I want grilled chicken.
Everything I try here is delicious.  The egg fu young is the best I have had in comparison to other restaurants.  Customer service is always great here
The new location at the Tropicanna is Great. My parents love it and I still really enjoy it a 2nd Time. The food was much better.
Great thai food.  We didn't know that without requesting it, the food comes with zero spiciness. Next time we'll order it with some kick!
Veggie pizza was great, fresh ingredients and just the right amount of chewy and crispness to crust!
Got my Car tinted today\nIm really happy about the work and quality \nThis place deserve more than 5 stars
Overpriced food. This pizza doesn't worth it. There are bunch of different places with nice pizzas, for example The Parlor.
A very reliable source tells me this is the best steakhouse in Vegas right now, although I'm also a fan of the Delmonico in the Venetian.
I would eat here even if it wasn't in an airport.  Food was well above average for an airport restaurant, definitely a must when in Charlotte on a layover!
May 10, 2018 - I really don't like cheesecake!! BUT Uncle Tetsu's Cheesecake is very good! It light, fluffy and yummy
Ask for Ariel he is the best not just for hair cut and shave but all around great person.
Good hookah lounge. Friendly staff, wide selection of hookah flavours. Nice place to chillout.
I picked up my lunch, and when I tell you it was ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS, no lies are told. \nHot and fresh. Yummers
Excellent Hot Dogs!!\nCooked fresh on the fire with real chili and tangy slaw. You can't be the price.
Me and my sisters had a 3dollar cup cake and all of ours were not fresh, dry and had hard nasty frosting. Disgusting!!! I want a REFUND!
Love the Coastal Trio Tacos and Salsa Bar!
I really loved it, it was a lot harder then I expected and the workers where great especially Amber Burks
Ask for Mike Mason. Thank me later. \n\nCool atmosphere \n\nGood vibes \n\nGreat cut and style
5 stars! Really good and authentic tasting. The owners are super friendly, food came out fast! Differently coming back
The food was delicious and the service by Alexander\"The Great\" was the best! Huevos Rancheros was delicious!
From San Diego and first time here. Had the Red White and Blue burger and was incredible.
Excited to have a Mexican place close to work. Very busy and friendly people. Food is good as well.
:(
Entertained some clients for lunch yesterday.  Very nice place with very good service.  The \"Q\" was awesome.  The portions are HUGE!  I will definitely try this place again.
What a selection!  The cookies are tremendous.  Angel wings are my favorite.  Fresh bread daily.  Awesome cakes and authentic Italian everything.  The Italian ice is to die for.
No doubt the best Thai food I have had in Charlotte. The staff is super friendly and the service is great.
Great food. The staff recommendations never disappoint . I have never had anything bad at BLD and the people who work there are awesome.
Dr. Roach is the BEST! His staff is great & friendly. I travel across town to take my doggies to him.
Thank you Mike McCurdy!  You're the best!  \n#BestHomeAppliances for all your #appliance needs.  Thanks again!
We love this place.  Service is always good and food is delicious.  Korean pancake and Meat Chun are my favorites.
24 hours! Yes, please! I love going here everytime I am in Vegas. I love the fat steak fries that come with your burger!  SO GOOD!
Products frequently precipitate, orders are never on time, customer service is terrible
Don't come to this location! Bad customer service I specifically asked for a hand wash then they ran it through the machine!
BEST Chinese food in Vegas!!! And the service was just as great! The shoyu Chicken was pretty damn GOOD!
Great place for breakfast. Made to order. Pancakes are to die for. There is usually a line on the weekends. Great nostalgia on the walls.
The best Southern food you could eat. I suggest fried chicken combo of your choosing! You can't go wrong
These guys are AWESOME!!!!  Competitive prices and I had my truck back the same day! If you need tranny work, go see Phil. Thank you again!
I went in here to try on a Rolex Yacht Master II and no questions asked I had 0 problem going to the viewing room.
Best Italian deli. The food is amazing. The staff is so helpful and friendly. I love this place.
Prices are hard to beat, large portions!!  We really like this place.  Daily specials.
Best nail salon!!! Love this new location!!! Everyone who works here is amazing, and they are so quick and polite!!!
Nice place.. Excellent decor and authentic food. Little disappointed with drink, specially Margarita. Good experience and surely visit again.
サービスも丁寧！とにかく、全ての料理が美味しかった。\n店員さんがとにかく、気が利きます。フレンドリーで、聞いたことには丁寧に答えて下さいます。日本人にとっても快適。\nお料理も味付け、盛り付けも丁寧で美味しい！\nオイスターやロブスター、牛肉のタルタル、リゾット、フェットチーネ、どれも満足でした。 グラスワインもいくつかあり、ボトルで無くても楽しめます。\nお店は雰囲気があり照明はやや暗めです。
Beautiful desk, chair, and lamp.  Great service and delivery.  Thank you!
Their meat is mediocre and was served cold two different times I visited. People were nice.
I went with a group from work during lunch.  I had the Black berry tea, Cali Chick sandwich and the chocolate white chocolate chip cookies, ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!
Forestiere was sublime, Vegetarian (daughter is vegetarian) was one of the best ever.
This is a family owned business that is focused on pleasing their customers! We will definitely be back for the reasonably priced drinks, great fresh  salad, and fantastic wings!
Been to replace my watch battery it was quick and reasonable price also and absolutely recommended to all Madison people because their the best
We had a great time and got a really nice paper weight that we crafted ourselves. I'd do it again. The instruction was great and individualized.
Excellent poulet, mais les frites étaient un peu molles. La sauce épicée était également très bonne. Menu très abordable. À essayer absolument.
Just a normal update.  Went again for dinner with friends on Friday, 6\/24.  Very good again.  Nothing has changed.
what a vegas treasure my buddy took me there for a hang over breakfast that totally did the job...huge portions and excellent food
These guys Rock! The Limousine's stereo system was showing a bad code and sounded terrible after a different company installed a DVD player. Sounds great now! Thank you
Horrible costumer service and nail work.  The owner or what ever he is, is a total jerk and is very rude.
Best vietnamese ever. Outstanding service. Owners even remember their regular customers names.
Fun time with my gf there we had a great time. Everyone was friendly and there's great games and go kart was freaking awesome
Go for an early morning hike this place is breathtaking. If you can make it to the top take a moment and admire the view  it is beautiful.
This place is awesome.  It has the best prices around.  Be prepared to be overwhelmed, they have things everywhere.  Love it!
TI  offers two for one special with limited food to eat and bad service a very disappointment buffet not worth the money.
Walter and his crew members were excellent and meticulous. Our home looks brand new. Would definitely recommend them for your outdoor painting needs.
Definitely the bang for your buck! Awesome Hawaiian food traditionally made and not so pricey either!
blt wrap. yes! breakfast burrito, even better.   love the bartenders.   always feels like home.
I had the shredded kale, shrimps and grits, fried chicken, and the spaghetti tapas which were all amazing.  They also carry some great craft beers in bottle.
The lunch buffet is the best part!  The food is pretty good and the beers are cold.  The service, not so much.
Sunday dinner was okay, not bad but not good. Better than some stations though. But mediocre non the less. Spend a little more for quality!
Typical 1 hour wait for a car.  Prepaid and still a crazy wait. Been here several times and this seems to be the standard.  Maybe fix the issue Budget?!
Good clean and open 24 hours!  Get a as Norwich for lunch and coffee from hollers cuppa
Eh. I've had better.
Every time I come back to visit vegas Juans is a must! Hands down one of the best Mexican restaurants out there!
Amazing restaurant. I had the fettuccine mussels. Mussels were perfectly cooked. I reccomend coming here when you visit Vegas!
An absolutely great night. The wine, the carpaccio, and the mac and cheese all added to an excellent evening...
Good subs, good price, delivery on time. What more do you want?
Great food and great service. The food was delicious and quickly served. Water was promptly refilled and the waiters were nice. Also, parking is very easy
Chief was a chill guy at the line. He was entertaining with a wide variety of guests.
Excellent food and service. Helps that the bartenders r hot and fast at turning drinks. Andy created a perfect bar\/restaurant in the south side
This is the best brewed beer I have ever had. I love the rooftop atmosphere. It's perfect when your casually dressed. Service was great too.
Love it, the portions of food were small but Very good.
place is still great. new workers and far better service! food is always great!
I would have eaten lunch here, but they mis-managed the line at the door and I left after 10 minutes with no engagement from the restaurant staff.
Fantastic experience!! Daniel was awesome!! The crispy rice with spicy tuna was off the hook! Visit this place! Friendly people and great food!!
Best drink I have ever had...lavender slip...heaven in a glass.  Go early for 1\/2 price happy hour!
Its good enough for me for last minute nibble. Many tables, smile service. Many choices. Fast.
They always do an exceptional job and the customer service is outstanding. I would recommend the infinity mani pedi it so worth it.
Typical diner with typical prices and food.  Go if you're hungry for a lot of food late at night. Friendly staff.
Great place!  Our whole family loves it!  No matter how busy they are the service is always good and the food is great!!
Slow and unorganized service.\nDrinks were still good.\nOverall, Markham ones are so much better.
Fair at best. Smallest buffet I have ever seen. Not enough buisness to keep food fresh or hot
This was a good experience.. Staff was friendly and the doctor was very good.. Changed my whole family to see him..
Lindsey was so sweet and we absolutely loved her. The vibe is fun and the dj on Saturday makes it that much better. Definitely coming just to see her...
Absolutely no negatives. Great service,\ngreat food, cozy quiet environment. I will recommend this gem to anyone who asks.
Great pizza place and good Asian food. Super friendly staff and cool Little spot to grab a slice. I recommend the general Taos pizza.
Food lacks flavor. Service is slow. A bit overpriced.
Great food! Price is not bad compared to many other Korean restaurants. Awesome service and best of all the food was great will be going again for sure
Very nice room at the 26 floor very nice and a great sleep hands down one of the best. No gotta go start my day at work haha
Would have been good, but something seemed to be missing............ flavor! Service was quick and the staff was friendly
My first time having Whataburger. Tried the jalapeno burger was decent but the green chili burger is overrated in my opinion.
Food was acceptable but service was lousy.   We've always loved Mortons for both great food and amazing service.   Very disappointing.
Look at the many many comments posted, this place is great, Ive been coming to this place for years, affordable and always a pleasant experience
Awesome experience with the bartender! He is awesome!! Named Joe! I will Always come back if he's working!!!! Absolutely amazing customer service!!!
Always yummy...this last time my hubbie ordered the wedge salad, ....oooo it was blue cheese heaven!! This place never misses. I also love there lettuce wraps.
Very Overrated on food and on service. Waitress was more concerned with a big tip then providing proper recommendations and providing service.
You're better off getting off than going through the drive thru, spent 20+ minutes there. Save yourself the time and get off instead.
Always great service and great food. The beer is very good. Staff are very friendly and helpful. One of the best spots on 4th
Great breakfast!  Gravy needs sausage, but one can't complain with service like this!
Local family business that was helpful, very friendly, and exceptional customer service! They do great custom work and wouldn't go anywhere else in the Las Vegas area!
Pretty awesome!! Salty French Carmel was awesome!!\nIce cream soda with vanilla pineapple was surprisingly good.
Excellent bbq, their chicken wings are the best and their Bed Head Red beer is a must have.
Very famous Chinese restaurant in Vegas, yet not impressed. The foods here is average, nothing special. Great to share with your friends.
Food and atmosphere were good but terrible service. Definitely not what you'd expect at this kind of establishment, and quite disappointing.
Great out door seating but don't order a martini. The pour was small and the price was high
I've gotten wallpaper from this company for years, and they've always been professional.  Great wallpaper, design tips, and install!
We enjoyed the pleasant surroundings and very ample choices of delicious food.  Service was great.
Your average dive bar. But the food is very unique. The way they mix Vietnamese and American food is pretty cool.
This is a great arena to watch games and shows. Very clean and exciting. Last night we went to Man in the woods Justin Timberlake. So awesome
The nail tech did a good job on my pedi but the water was too hot , there isn't a lot of nail polish choices
Love this place. My son attends their classes and just had his 3rd birthday party there. It was fantastic and everyone had a blast. Highly recommend it!
Our new fave where we have easily become regulars!  Love love love the Nishikawa Black.  This is the best ramen place I've ever been to!  A must try!
Good food and service. If the food is listed as spicy it is. Papaya salad was excellent as was the jasmine tea. Service was perfect.
Great service! Carpets look great. Would definitely recommend to a friend and will use again in the future!
Great place for water and the smoothies are the best! Owner is great too always helpful, always smiling.
excellent service, bonne bouffe à bon prix, belle sélection de drinks, chouette terrasse !
I love this place.... I be went there one time and they have a very wide selection of hair.... I'm definitely going back to get my clip on hair.
Chiropractic Healing Center gives you straight forward, no nonsense healing in a casual, happy place.  How cool is that?  Such a simple idea. Rarely found. But here it is.
Coulter Nissan far exceeded my expectations.  They are very good people. I recommend them highly.
Phenomenal service, excellent food selection and great prices!! My friends and I go every thursday and have done so for tearz. Cant wait to go again, thanks for everything!!
The food is okay, I think they downgraded the proteins. Not for certain but it seems like it. I enjoy getting the chicken burro, usually the employees are friendly.
I really love this place! Awesome burgers and patty melts! The frozen yogurt with pumpkin pie is so amazing! Omg! Eat here you'll love it
Really good buffet. So many choices to choose from. The only downfall is that it is very pricey, but a great buffet nonetheless.
Pretty good and somewhat little known place.  Food was good!  Would be cool if they could turn into a lounge\/bar\/setting on Friday & Saturday nights.
While the hummous was phenomenal, the tabouleh was not as fresh and the falafel were a bit salty. We were served by Kayvan who was quite enthusiastic.
Food was just OK. Seemed like microwaved dinner. The price is OK. Just a one time visit for me
Outstanding course.   Great views. Challenging course.  One of my favorites in all \nUS courses.   Outstanding service at clubhouse.
Glendale crew are amazing, Leo and Miguel are real professionals, Keep up the good job.
The best Chicken Tika Masala I have ever eaten!\nGreat friendly service.  Great selection on the buffet and very flavorful. \nThe naan is fresh and delivered hot to your table.
Great Indian food including lots of vegetarian options\nLocated where Bay Leaf Cafe used to be\nNew Owners
Not what I expected for the price.  Its the Bellagio; the name should speak for itself.  Cold crab, subpar food, nothing really hot and the wait times for what?
Clean, peaceful spa-like atmosphere. The nail technicians were friendly and took their time doing a beautiful job.  My gel manicure turned out beautiful! I will be back again :)
So bomb! Never disappoints. Staff is always really down to earth and nice, cooks are always on point.
The coffee well let's just say a 10 out of 10 in this department. Staff are a thesaurus of info as it pertains to area and menu.
Worth the trip. Exceptional burgers and sides. Just made a second visit and it is as good as I remember. Highly recommend.
This was an unsuspecting treat. The wood burning pizza oven and chef were right on point.
We had the bruchetta, chicken Marsala, and chicken Parmesan and everything was phenomenal! Highly recommend for a well-priced Italian meal in Scottsdale.
Excellent service at the bar and when I ordered fish and chips I almost chocked on the large amount for such a low price. Excellent all around.
Great place for brunch. This place does not take reservations. Lineup are very long but worth the wait. The red velvet pancake is a must try.
Great Pies \nTons of Toppings\nTry the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich\nAsk for it Not on Menu
Best Asian food in south charlotte ... Love this place! Never disappoints in serving delicious sushi and fantastic desserts ! \nTwo thumbs way up !
Solidly good quality food. One of the few things i truly miss about living in Vegas is the Peppermill.
Food was good, not an overwhelming amount like some places give, but satisfying.  Cheap too, $28 for two with drinks.
Amazing addition to the neighborhood. Love all the healthy bowl and smoothie  options + froyo! Super fresh and affordable. I will definitely be back soon to try another smoothie!
Great little bagel shop. Their bagels are always fresh, coffee is delicious, and their cream cheese is to die for! I stop in whenever I'm in the area :)
Good flavor, nice drinks, and plenty of sass! This place is new and so, we think there is much room to push it to the limit.
Expensive, but groceries are fresh and really the 3 stars is for the 24 hour service.  If they were cheaper, they'd get four stars.
Best BBQ. I have died and gone to heaven. Best customer service. Stop what you're doing and go now.
One of my favorite sushi spots! Delicious food, friendly staff, and a relaxed atmosphere are just a few of the things that keep me coming back.
Great service and great food. I had the burger and a Lynchburg lemonade. Everything was great.  Definitely a must visit when I'm in Toronto.
Caught this Starbucks not only over charging me but charging my transactions multiple times! They don't even fill their drinks up all the way. What an awful location!
Rich & pricey food and trendy & chic ambiance. Small portions. Wouldn't really recommend it
Lunch was so great!! So glad your open now fir lunch!! Try the sashimi and appetizers.. amazing
I will say the waxing here is great. They do a very professional job. Not super cheap, but a thorough job.
This was an excellent place to eat breakfast at. Amazing jalapeño eggs Benedict, new flavors I would have never expected.
Everyone is friendly which is really important to me. The good vibe is always welcomed. The food is always good and I can't wait to eat there again!
they did a great job on my nails just every time I go here its so packed i guess that's how you know they do a good job !
Legitimately a great bagel\/sandwich shop. Get the power bagel. Better than brueggers.
Jerk chicken was the best I have had in Canada. 10\/10 will be back for more! great service and fun atmosphere.
Honestly, I had high hopes and was really disappointed. It was expensive and the food was mediocre at best. A typical after the bars close kinda place.
Phenomenal bacon Bloody Mary's and breakfast! My friend and I love coming here for brunch after church.
Great variety of Italian tapas and wine.... \n\nService was good. Nice crowd.\n\nAWESOME AMBIANCE where memories can be made!!!
Best Cajun\/southern comfort food I've eaten in Cleveland. Be sure to try the \"red beans and rice\" but only if you're ready for some fire. The service is leisurely.
I love Tiffany & her husband. They are very detailed & explain everything so that I can understand it. I wouldn't use anyone else!
Fantastic tacos, the selection of meats and vegetarian options are great. Staff exceptionally friendly and helpful. Great beer selection on tap too!
Amazing food, friendly staff, big portions, very fair prices. Will be coming back regularly. and
Great food and even better atmosphere. Try at least one item from every section and split the pork or chicken course!
Never go here. Lifted my napkin to put it on my lap and a cockroach was underneath. Can't imagine what the kitchen is like
We love Luckys pizza!  They have a huge delivery area and the food always comes fresh.  Great specials every day of the week!
Pretty awesome Szechuan spicy food here including noodles and stir fried dishes. Fast cooking and careful service.
Really helpful and knowledgeable staff. Convenient location near the shooting range.  I appreciated their help and advice.
Good authentic Tacos, fresh made tortillas. With lots of options on the salsas. They have hot dogs too that are very authentic wrapped with bacon.
Yep.... Southern knows the chicken alright, melts like butter, ambiance of this place is every comforting.  Love there food!!!
Where else can you get Maine Lobster Eggs Benedict? And it is so delicious!  You can also sit outside by the pool and enjoy a relaxing brunch.
Love the food. Love the friendly quick service. Love the reasonable prices. $\nGreat local restaurant. Recommend the Cashew Nut Chicken & Finger Chicken. Wow!
A very nice lounge. Not too busy, plenty of decent seats.  Well managed and nicely furnished.
This place is really great. The staff is efficient and professional. I was so happy I got a great price on my jewelry.
Best chicken shawarma sandwich in the US! Their other dishes are great as well. Not a fancy place but great food
Sounds like things haven't changed. Bad service bad attitude. Just close for F's sake.
Excellent lunch special! Extremely attentive service. Yummy Pad Thai, we will be back!
Service was just as good as the food! Kim and Raju who was our servers was super friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. Definitely recommend the shared meals!
I can't with an open heart give these guys a bad review. Me want burger, me eat burger, me full.
The employees definitely needs more customer service training and problem solving to better serve customers
Great breakfast spot with greater service. Food is amazing. Must come to spot in Las Vegas area.
Pleasant experience! Highly recommend Reema. Love everything about this place. Definitely paying a monthly visit :)
Everything about our meal and service was great!!! Big portions tasty food exceptional service . Don't miss it if you are in the area .
Awesome place for change oil..DRIVE THRU change oil..fass service..Awesome owner and Great Staff!! Hey guys donot forget to check out GROUP ON for discount!! I be back soon!!
Your basic fried stuff and burgers.  Not bad, not good.  Kinda pricey for what you get.
The ladies did such an amazing job! I couldn't have ask for better service! We will be using Margie's Maids again.
Just waited 25 minutes for an ok burger and chewy fries. \nNo apology, no explanation. No reason to do that again.
Poutine and Guinness as well as the staff is on point.... Come one, come all to this gem of a pub
The most amazing potatoes, gyros and green beans!    I frequent many Greek restaurants but this one is the best!  Service is wonderful too!    I will return.
Good tender beef in ciabatta bread with spicy mayo, carrots and jalapenos.
Thanks for the great food and fast friendly service. 5 * . I enjoy the appetizers and falafel wraps and plates.
The breakfasts are yummy and the morning beverage are delish. Wifi is fast and free. Two thumbs up!
This is our favorite buffet, came 3 times this trip already. Nice selection, especially brisket and awesome ribs. Great price too.
Great crowd, great interactions with the staff, really great drinks, and really really great food. Kaya makes for a terrific night out. Possibly the best fish tacos in town.
Always so helpful and ready to assist in finding your next dream products. prices are for premium beauty items that you just feel so clean and cared for using!
Michael and rose are the best they always stay late to do my nails !! I love the points rewards
Place has good workers very friendly n quick . I went for breakfast n got a burrito ...it was a massive one but  it was good.
The special was amazing. My favorite was the mini dessert. Excellent outdoor dining experience!
My favorite restaurant in Arizona (and i grew up here). Recommend 7\/11 burrito or quesadilla
Good breakfast sandwich.  I had the sausage, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich.  The line was extremely long and around the corner.  It went fairly quick, about 30 minutes.
The food was really bad! It was too expensive!! 180 for 2 people. Not worth it. Also the customer service was awful
Wonderful Greek cuisine we had the chicken and the pork with with chocolate cake for dessert
Fun little spot in Downtown Phoenix. Great ice cream with some interesting flavors.
Smells like a sewer especially around little cesers pizza that's where the oder gets stronger
Comida maravilhosa! Atendimento perfeito. Comemos coxinha de Galinha com catupiry  e pastel de Carne. Sem defeitos!  Estávamos viajando de férias e encontramos  esse restaurante próximo a Vegas.  Nota 10
Chili was awesome... Good toppings bar but nothing out of the ordinary. Burger was moist & well cooked but without seasoning. Great chocolate shakes!
I have been there many times and they never say hi and thank you to customers. They have the worst customer service. I won't come back!
This specific location is absolutely terrible. Worst customer service, very slow and unorganized.
We ordered. We ate. We tipped and than we dipped. Nothing more to say. This is a chillis in Tempe....good luck!
Great church with great people. Great music. Great message. Really inviting anyone wanting to check it out. I would highly recommend this church to anyone looking.
Nice course. Definitely over priced. Fairways are wide. Rough is generous. Greens are very challenging but well cared for. Staff is nice too.
Fast service and understood customer's needs very well.  Based on quick conversation, gave me very good recommendations.
Tried the purple potato latte, some savoury pastries (the ones that don't contain mayo) and overall, it is recommended.
Great Selection!  Taxes are included in price so their are no surprises.  Flower is fresh!  Merchandise is clutch!!
Sky Harbor excellent pizza, light fluffy crust. Great fire wood pizza!!  Great customer service by Hilary!!
Wrost service. Not a customer friendly restaurant. Limited quantity. Additional charges even if we ask for more chutney or sambar. Had to wait 20 mins for bill.
Scoops size are good. Gelato is just okay. They were out of the hazelnut gelato. Seating arrangement not the best. Place was not exactly clean. Likely not going back.
Good vibes. Stayed at oasis. Bar is awesome\/ friendly and the food is reliable and delicious the couple times I went.
Best Chinese food in the west valley.  I've been there twice.  Great flavor, nice portion sizes..  I recommend it to anyone who's looking for great Chinese food!
Worth the hype and the wait! The line moves fast. The Slut and Fairfax (add bacon) are absolutely delicious.
Came in for propane before football started and was turned away.  Short staffed to make more profit does not help the customer.
Unique and delicious desserts. Quite pricey but nice to try at least once. \n\nHad the Oreo waffle, and it was delicious without feeling too dense or sugary.
We had an appointment for 6:50 and we are still waiting 30 minutes later. We are just told there are 2 people ahead of us. Another 20 maybe. Ridiculous!
Why does all that crazy stuff happen in Vegas? Fat Tuesday.
Everyone is so kind and accommodating! Super quick service no matter the issue!!Drs & nurses are very knowledgeable and front desk is so, so nice!!
Amazing! Jon is incredibly polite, professional, and does a SUPERB job. After driving around 3 kids and two dogs for years our Tahoe looks a million times better
It makes me feel like eating home!so delicious and spicy. Best Chinese food in Phoenix！
Incredible burger, good happy hour prices, and the NFL network? All within walking distance of my apartment? What did I do to get so lucky?!
I went in to get an international driver's license yesterday morning. It took no more than 5 minutes and the customer service was excellent.
The best wings in town! Friendly staff. Highly recommend the only thing id change is i wish there was a place to eat inside
Just ok. Not the best choice for breakfast. Very limited menu and the staff is slow. I'd suggest maybe eating lunch here or dinner.
Awesome place. Found a great wall ornament and friendly staff makes it worth the drive.
The pizza was made to order and delicious but by far the strawberry margarita was fabulous. Great lunch for everyone in our party.
very good place to live...only problem when they allowed dogs but we are well pleased  and have lived here more than 10 years. pierre
Great local bike shop, with something for everyone, and even some food (sandwiches and baked goods)!
This place  is clean,quiet and really relaxing.  Unlike other foot spas I've gone to. Price is reasonable.  I would come back every week if I could.
Awesome food. Don't sit close to the kitchen like we did. You can see everything they are making and we over ordered because it all looked so great.
Just want to drop a note, not sure when they started, but new dinner menu for Sakana, as great as always :)
The worst service of all McDonald's places I've ever been!! Gave me a wrong order and won't apologize.
Bought Macaroons.  Pricey at $2.99 each with no discounts for half dozen or dozen but really good. Really really good.
Very good customer service, excellent food. They're bbq chicken pizza is bomb.com
Food was great. Very fresh and well priced. Staff is amazing and willing to accommodate you.
Best juice in town! Love all the variety that you can chose from. The beet junkie is my fave
Great place I meant one of the owners best place to get medical marijuana staff is friendly and very professional
I love the popcorn here the best flavors are the churro and kettle and a lot of other amazing flavors!! The people are always nice and friendly :)
I frequent Vegas buffets and I got to say I was pretty disappointed at this one. The food quality was pretty poor
Absolutely amazing! Highly recommend! Outstanding atmosphere and incredible food\/drinks!!
The plumbers were courteous and knowledgeable they had the clog cleared and the leaking shower drain fix in short order and at a reasonable cost.
I had some great ice cream here. As the photos depict, it still comes in a Chinese food box with a fortune cookie tossed in. Fairly low prices, too.
Food is good and lots to choose from. I love the custom omelette..!!! Around the world type food, something for everyone..
Quite possibly the best burritos I've ever had and they cost barely anything. Service is great and they deliver for a min fee
Fun bar! Had live cover band and DJ Friday night. Drinks are light on alcohol.  But band was entertaining.
Stopped in yesterday for dinner. Terrible food. Very bland and not cooked enough.
Awesome coffee !! Strong and delicious. New favorite place. Plus they have dairy free options
This was a huge mistake coming to this place. Horrible service. Can't tell you how the food was, didn't wait around to find out. Definitely never going back.
SIMPLY the BEST\nComing to Desert Ridge in Jan. 09!!!!!!!!!\nWest side of Tatum -North of 101 -in corporate officepark
tried the tiramisu, pretty good\nthe interior doesnt really match the cute vibe though
Everytime my family visits we go here for some great service and been better food. The Spivey fried chicken is the best! But really it is all good food.
Family operated and excellent service, Il Bosco serves up some excellent pies! Imports a ton of items from Italy. We love this place!
YUMM!!!!!  love the burgers!   I really like that you can customize and the food is worth the price.
Es una buena opción cuando el XS no está abierto y la party debe seguir.
My family and I loved the food. We've been twice and each time had a great experience. Glad to have some variety in the Fort Mill area.
Yum although not perfect this time -- appetizer was cold (wasn't supposed to ) and ordered risotto was only a so-so.
vegan diner food, served with diner attitude, yay!  \nfries, burgers, fusion, tsoynamis....\nthey have some grocery stuff, baked goods and fancy bottled drinks for sale as well.
Love my apartment and all the staff. Everyone who works here is very friendly and helpful. It is great to have your own private yard.
First time coming to this place, disappointed in the customer service. Other than that, food was great.
Amazing place with amazing shots for amazing prices. Oh and amazing staff foods good too. BEER AND SHOTS FOR $2!!! music could be better though. But I totally recommend!!
The service here was very professionally delivered. Anthony was so very curteous and knowledgeable.
The restaurants was clean - Service was super friendly. \n\nThe variety of donuts are amazing - The donuts are amazing in taste not for calorie counters.
The burgers here are so yummy . They have a pretty wide variety of beers as well . Pretty good place to hangout with friends !
Thought it was a restutant, it's a decent place though. Gotta eat here bc of the name. Not much seating menu is very small, you order and sit.
My friend took me there for my first Pilipino food experience. It was great. The owner served us herself, the food was delicious. Will definitely come back.
Great combination of flavors, textures, fresh\/local ingredients, and great service.
Great people making amazing pizza.  Get the Presto Pesto with chicken!  I could eat this everyday.
Love the caramel chicken here.  It was busy. Nothing over the top, but good standard pei Wei!
So good. Yummy. You should definitely try it. Location is at the renovated linq hotel and wow!!  So impressed by the staff and venue vibe.
Amazing. White garlic sauce, feta, spinach, bacon, shrimp. Mother of God. Please help me.
Spring broke, called them out, made a quick appointment. Great work fixing it, and a good price. Happy with the service.
I've had good experience with the advisors thats have helped me and the services that were provided. Best oil service specials.
Best mocha I've ever had.  Frothy, silky, mmmmm.  Wonderful service and free wifi - lovely.
It's a really nice spot in Cave creek if you like Coffee, wine or good craft beer on tap. Make sure to stop in to this little gem.
Kinda average. The best italian is Il Piazziolo.
Excellent food, service, and you must try the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade!  Best chicken I've ever had.
The food is absolutely delicious!!  I am very happy I tried this place. Great service and decent portions, leftovers for sure!
Great self storage solution! The staff is extremely friendly and helpful and billing options are simple. Would recommend this self storage complex along with just in time moving company.
The food tastes good, but over the 20 times I've been here, the service is lacking and I've seen cleaner bathrooms at coachella.
Pretty decent and fast. The chow mein is unique, but a must-try at least once. Live a little!
I'm from oc california.  Can't compare but this place is good enough.  The best part is they have red pepper flake chili oil.
Good variety on the menu\nDecent pricing\nDelicious food \nGood service \nGood ambience\n\nThe food came out pretty fast\nThe server was friendly & warm\nGood restaurant
The salad was tasteless, eggplant starter was ok and the pizza was dry and not much taste there either. The place itself is nice and relaxing.
The employees were super rude and their wigs were not good at all they smelled like Barbie hair. This place needs to be shut down.
It was a really great experience.... very good customer service and got a great relief after the massage is done. I would recommend this salon for sure .
Best Mexican food in Vegas! Fajitas were amazing- homemade tortillas- delish sopapillas- stellar service. 5 stars all the way
Fantastic food and service. Good coffee too. I love the chop salad. Good little breakfast\/ lunch spot.
We have tried other cleaning services before but we will stick with Rhino. Friendly and courteous staff and they get the job done. We are very happy. Thank you!!
Best Massage ever. Ask for Yaret. Hands down the most relaxing experience I could have asked for. Her gentle hands works wonders.
Great no frills sushi place with friendly staff.
The blackened salmon was \nThey have my favorite Cali creamin on nitro  \nRaul our server killed it for us and our
Yummy Portuguese home-style take-out. Lunch deals, fresh salads and you can buy whole chickens!
Amazing food down to amazing service!!! Definitely going back. My boyfriend and I fell in love the red jade chicken.
Delicious food! Wonderful service! We loved our night out in Pittsburgh because of this restaurant :)
Food isn't bad. The issue is that the place is so understaffed that waiting to order, and then waiting for it to be brought out is REALLY long.
Excellent staff, very helpful and very knowledgeable. Excellent selection of beers. Food was excellent and reasonably priced! Muscle bowls are the specialty.
Delish! Party of four dine in. All different food all yummy. Curry Puffs and satay are a must.
Agent gave me a \"free\" upgrade but charged me later. Unable to resolve with cc company and no live agent. Will NOT be using Budget ever again.
Hands down the best Noodle spot in the east valley, enough said!!
Always kind and polite. Organic products and excellent service at Nancy's! I love them. They treated me like a queen for my wedding prep too!
Delicious we had spicy Hirame  spicy yellowtail sashimi plate.  We reorder them.  \nWe also tried Kali bowl tender rib meat with a sweet tangy sauce.  Family owned.
This place has awesome authentic street Mexican food. The location is perfect and the atmosphere inside is great for conversation and they have bands and happy hours as well.
Fast, reliable, affordable. Rick the owner is very professional and makes sure I'm always satisfied. He has done several of my properties and always makes them look like new.
Check order if you do takeout.  Missing some of our food and didn't want to drive all the way back to get it.
Excellent food and service, pizza outstanding, meatball to die for, good selection of beer and wine, highly recommended!
Carnivori was delicious! Great dough and tasty toppings. 25-30 minute pick up. Cool venue with a rustic atmosphere.
Awesome customer service with awesome company! Always a great place to hungry friends from Hawaii.
Food was excellent. Had the Brussels, Shrimp and Grits, and a piece of the fried chicken. Everything was tasty.
AWWWWESOOOOMMMEEEE!!!!!! Hot waitresses, great atmosphere, great decor, food ROCKS! So glad we found out about this place. Ate here after a long night at EDC. Boom!
Company brought there food truck to work to treat us and I was a bit skeptical but that Beef brisket . Very good and their garlic potatoes were amazing.
i was very disappointed with there dim sun. it tasted like it was frozen not fresh & left over from the day before. in other words terrible.
I love Q Bistro! The bulgogi kimbab is awesome and so is the LA Kalbi, great place to hang out with friends.
I have been to Guys in NY and now Vegas. The food is great burgers are HUGE, the nachos a must! Great atmosphere and staff!
Now there is a problem plaster cracking and cool deck breaking up after just 2 years  now desert springs don't want to answer emails
My favorite place for hot schezwan soup.  $18 is a lot to pay for a bowl of soup but this is worth it.
Not cosmic, mediocre. How old is that bread? They don't seem to be trying very hard. Shredded mozzarella on an Italian sub?
Holy! A must try if you haven't  I had the Kangnam dog and the angry kimchi fries and both are delish!!!
Quite a charming place to dine! Think of paradise bakery...but way better! Excellent house coffee. I look forward to visiting again :)
You get what you pay for.  In this case you pay a little for a better product.  Love this place.  Food quality and heartiness is far above most.
Best icecream ever!\nWould definitely recommend this to everyone.\n\nThey got tons of unique ice cream flavors.\n\nMy favorite is their grasshopper mint!
We love their double decker pizza! They are always spot on when they give the pick up time. 3rd time back and no complaints. Keep up the good work!
The sign says they open at 7am, but apparently they overslept today hahaha. Two stars for sleeping in!
Great happy hour and tacos ... a definite stop for after work margaritas.
Awesome sandwiches for great value. Spacious seating for our daughter. Perfect lunch spot after visiting the railroad park!
The place holds up to it's name with fine foods. The customer service and employee knowledge is also exemplary.
Short ribs were really good, they have a little kick to them. Loved, loved the chicken parmesan - not too bready
Good food alot of it as you would expect from guys.   The mac bacon cheeseburger was delicious.   \nBoo for no military discount.   But very friendly and delicious.
I have been going to Dr Joe for a year now. He is amazing super knowledgeable. He has decreased my hip pain!
Amazing, legit chill spot nothing fancy awesomeness .....good food cheap nice staff. Had meatball sandwich boooomb!!! I'm sure the rest is amazing .
I come here at least once a week. Delicious food with very quick service. Great for take outs too. I highly recommend this place.
Great meals and you absolutely get your money's worth.  We usually get two meals from every entree.\n\nRestaurant is always busy so expect a wait especially during the winter months.
The pizza is just ok and it's definitely not fast like they claim to be. Currently waiting on my pizza for 30 minutes, and counting...
Great breakfast! Sunrise special: two eggs, a pile of bacon, hash browns and toast just $5.99. Tasted better than Bob Evans breakfast. I  will be back!
Worlds greatest experience! Happy Dog is for lovers. Oh and the hot dogs are awesome. I swear you can't go wrong with any combo you do.
Christina... f-en amazing.  The best service ever. Personally for days. An experience in itself. Thank you!!!
Must be out of business.  Have been trying to get a appointment, call back or email for 2 weeks.
How are their harsh reviews? The show is amazing and stops you every time you are walking the strip. It's also free. Stop and relax for a bit.
i came here after going to sun auto for an oil change.  sun auto was too busy.  valvoline got my oil change done in like 10 minutes.
Service good, but don't expect the food to wow you. Salty and not tasty, beware of too much salty choices.
This place epitomizes the best in small business. Very friendly, extraordinary customer service, homemade breakfast items and terrific coffee
Very good butternut squash ravioli.  Excellent presentation.  Good service.   Will be a return patron.
Been here a bunch of times and everytime has had great service. Chilis food is always good too
Here's a tip that could improve your experience. The restaurant is very loud inside but the patio has a great ambiance. Try to eat on the canal patio!
Very busy place. Nice selection of products to buy but very little seating space to actually eat here.  Cashier had problems with computer so only one cashier available.
I love the GCT and their story! Prices are a little high, but they've combined my two favorite foods. Mac&Cheese on a Grilled Cheese? YES PLEASE!
Hoping the food is better than the service. You know when people just don't give a crap? They all work here
Dr.Chen is awesome  100.10 % satisfaction every time \nHe is the sweetest man, so friendly and Knowledgeable..The staff is super friendly and helpful:) best med SPA by far!
Great happy hour and service. Get the black and bleu burger
Not even vegetarian but the food is always great. Get the Big Wac. McDonald's has nothing on that burger.
Great pulled pork sandwich!! Nice and tender the medium sauce had just the right bite! Will come back for sure!!
Great upscale tex-mex cuisine and great service as always. I always leave with food as the protions are generous. The apple pie dessert is phenomenal!!
The atm machine never lets you deposit cash. This is 3 days In a row it blows my mind how it never works here
This used to be my favorite Mexican restaurant in the EV now it's a great shame. Menu has changed slightly but the quality is on serious decline!
I love this place! Everyone employed there is fully capable to help you in any area from outfits to toys. This is the place to go
This place is the slam!!! If I lived in Tempe, I would eat here at least once, possibly three times per day!
Wow, Mexican and Chinese,  GREAT Combinations...  It has now become a Staple of our lunch schedule...  Chino Fridays
Had a great meal here! The scallops were good and I tried the steak another person ordered and it was good.  Loved the chocolate souffle.
Lakeside Cafe is THE stop on our bicycle rides around the northern part of Lake Champlain. Service is excellent; food is outstanding, coffee awesome.
Not what we expected when going out in Scottsdale.  We were blown away by our experience on the patio.  We are huge fans!
Fast, fresh, build your own thin crust pizza!  Salads are fine too. Lots of toppings to choose from. A winner for the Steele Creek area!
The best (contemporary) thai restaurant in town. Food and service are both very good while the wine list is outstanding. Very reasonably priced, too.
Awesome food and our server David was attentive to our every need. \nI had shrimp and scallops and did'nt even have to use white sauce....\nVeggies were prepared perfect!
Great décor and ambiance. I loved the rice and lamb was really tender. Service was good, however, I've had better middle Eastern food.
Definitely the go to place for stuff you need quick. John is super helpful, definitely ask for him. He goes the extra mile to get you what you need.
They really expanded the casino from when they first opened. Great mix of machines and the restaurant has a good variety of healthy choices.
Couldn't ask for a better experience from a steakhouse in Vegas! Had the ribeye. Was cooked perfectly. Service was superb. No complaints!
Made a mistake going back tonight. Forgot about how bad service was. Will NEVER go back.
Good place! Cant say much its a fast food chain ! Good and fast drive through 24\/7. Although yoi gotta wait a long time to get refills
Amazing place.  Stylish.  Clean. Fresh.  Food is amazing and the portions are huge.  Tables are not crammed together.  Wish there were a few more pork dishes
very fun place and a great addition to charlotte. Very good vegetarian\/vegan options and fun, creative combinations. I've been several times and will go back.
Sam was a great bartender! Super pleasant and kept us around for another beverage when we would have otherwise left! Spicy margs are to die for!
Ate the PEP pizza and it was yummy.  Just what my tummy needed.  Set upstairs looking down at street
Just went back for my 2nd oil change and tire rotation of the year.  Great shop, great prices, great services.  It is great dealing with Andy.
This place always seems to have salted caramel which is my fave.
Great Mexican food! Everything has a nice amount of spice to it!
Very clean salon, only had a short wait and came out with a high quality haircut. Would definitely recommend
Thank you so much for the personal touch and creative ideas.   Richie was fantastic to work with and it made our t-shirt making experience fun!
Great coffee. Welcoming stuff. Terrific view across the street. We just took our coffee and enjoyed it in the park.
Dessert! Bread pudding with a cappuccino. Perfect match.
Does great carpet cleaning worth it. May not be cheap but you get what you pay for fast and quick response! Does get tuff stains out !!
Seriously so much fun!! She's awesome & a very talented artist.  My henna still looked bright & beautiful after 2 weeks.
This place is amazing! The sound systems are great, our waiter Ian was an amazing server, and our family will definitely come back here.
Weak. If youre thinking about eating here change your mind and go to Los Tacos. \nBomb. Bomb bomb bomb booooommmmmbbbb
This is the only location I like because the bbq their chicken outside on a real wood charcoal grill, so u have that real bbq taste!! Yummy!!!
One of the best in the city.  Great service.  Very fresh food.   Clean.  Great variety.  We will definitely be back.
Total scam they screwed us into thousand 10 I can't believe they let her go back into business to screw more people
I'm a creature of habit. I either get the gyro sandwich or the gyro salad.  Always yummy, always fresh and flavorful.  I'm a fan!
Nice higher end steak and seafood.  Have had many great meals here and if you are looking for a good steak you can't go wrong here!
Ordered a pork egg roll and chicken with curry sauce.\nPaid 2$ extra for sub fried rice and $3 extra for shrimp.\n\nDidn't get the shrimp.
I would definitely recommend this company. I called, had all licks on doors re keyed within 24 hours. Price was fair, competitive, but excellent service
Love this place. Great clothing and really helpful workers on the floor, throwing together outfits and even more your way to make sure you have the best choices.
Excellent food & service. Huge portions and great value. Kids and adults enjoyed the meal. Highly recommended!!!!
Best massage I've ever had. Amazing, clean, deep tissue massage. Different than I've ever had before. Will absolutely be back.
Outstanding food and service!\n\nYou can tell that the people cooking also eat here, they cooked it like I would if I as cooking me and my family!
This place is the bomb. Wood fired pizza...we had spicy sausage and peppers (the day's special). Get a red root beer too, a new staple for us.
My daughter LOVED her kids combo class on Saturday. We can't wait to sign her up for the summer camp!
Service was great, but the vermicelli and drink lacked flavor. \n\nThe pho base seemed to be very good.
Really an excellent place for a few drinks and an unusually diverse bar fair.  I enjoyed it very much.  Excellent experience !
Probably the best pub in Toronto in terms of great comfort food, incredible whiskey selection and an ambience without equal.
Very friendly and funny service. Burgers tasted amazing. Random customer took my friends drink. Not that employees fault for what a customer did
Just had the philly dog and the buckeye dog. A little too \"garlicky\" for my taste, but very tasty. Very different. Very good.
Great food and atmosphere. Prompt service. Love the chips and salsa. We have been there several times and brought out of town visitors.
I love Harvest!!! Staff and product are great.\n\nChris definitely cares about the customers. \n\nAll the budtenders are awesome.
Cheap and awesome place to catch the movies you missed! Management is awesome and new snacks in the lobby
Wow! After moving here in January to the new foodie hub of the universe we have found the best restaurant in Pittsburgh. Spoon is it baby. \n\nMore details later!
Loved their roti and chicken wrap.  \nWas not a fan of their doubles.
Excellent company, great people, exceptional work, I would not use anyone else but Residential glass.
I've eaten here twice and both times were absolutely amazing! The service is impeccable and the food is top shelf! One of the best in town!
The chicken salad with dressing is soooo good & the staff was super sweet too. I hardly ever eat mall food but this is next level.  :)
Buy some flour tortillas to take home for quesadillas and wraps.  they are almost  the size of hubcaps, thin and yummy!\nVery casual, food served in styrofoam containers, no plates.
Our server Amanda was awesome with her suggestions and service! Would go here again in a heart beat!
I really appreciate locally made foods and businesses but the ice cream was OK. Cute litte place to try.
Way overrated. Pizza was bad and had no tomato sauce despite assurances that it would. Nothing like artisan pizzas available in NYC.
Tami did my tat yesterday and it looks sooo good!!! She was very patient and professional :) If I'm ever in AZ again, I'd definitely go back!!
Went here and the food and desserts are amazing has a little bit of everything which I loved very clean and organized buffet.
Location is convenient. Food is alright. Drinks could improve. No bad experiences, but nothing to rave about.
Always great food, great staff. Very friendly place. The bathrooms can be better cleaned and stocked but they have very high traffic levels. Children have great options, too.
Burgers are okay. Fries are too thin, which means they tend to come out crunchy or cold or both. Shakes are decent. Service is slow and often inattentive.
Great place to get a haircut, this is a Dominican beauty salon... Great price great staff..
ZERO STARS ACTUALLY! Horrible!  Over priced, not the best menu and terrible service.  DON'T waste your money or time!
Exceptionally well run cafe, well organized and staffed. The French toast was terrific. Stopped by for a quick meal, very satisfying.
Doing the mussels again, and the skirt steak,and the wings... I can't come here and not be a pig. Busy night and everything is perfect\n....
The black rice was amazing!!! Super fast service!! Food was excellent!! The staff there is awesome!!
Food was excellent & customer service was great! Plenty of vegetarian choices.
LOVE THIS PLACE. First time eating vegan food and  it was delicious! The buffalo \"wings\" are my favorite! And the icecream??? SO GOOD!
Very professional and courteous!  Ensured the job was done.  GM Anthony was professional and had attention to detail in regards to my vehicle.  I will be returning again.
A \"90 minute\" timeshare presentation took upwards of six hours. Totally ruined our vacation. Then at the end they tried to give us different gifts than we were promised.
They're always accomodating for daily drop offs and the teachers and staff and very nice and friendly.
Great times in this bar.  Awesome prices.  Friendly service and awesome security on the weekends.  All in all a great place to hang out!
You're gonna have to wait awhile, like 30mins before your spoken to by any employee there.
Omg so much fun! For our first time, this was literally EPIC! Can't wait to go back and do more! Staff is also amazing and so friendly.
Pizza is always the best, wings are outstanding, I like the Cajun dry rub wings nice and spicey.  Fast friendly service...
Maria is the best at removing sebaceous hyperplasia. These annoying things I have been fighting with for the past 2 years.
Pleasantly surprised!  Large portions. Chicken Milanese was delicious. Kids loved the bolengnese. Salted caramel cheese cake was to die for!
Can never go wrong with eggs Benedict, I've never tried a vegetarian style before and it was actually very delightful on my appetite and health :)
Exceptional bartenders! Even when it's super busy, my drink is never empty! Best service in the valley!
Love the different approach than the normal Mexican food and the people who work there are very nice!
Very friendly and super cheap. I driving around to find cheap repair shop for watch and I find it. Very highly recommended.
One of my favorite streetwear stores. The employees are really helpful and I love all of their clothes. Would come again
Great if you like paying 12 dollars for a tonne of rice and a morsel of a main dish. It's a fairly nice restaurant though for the area.
Awesome place to go. Their motto says it all, \"little place, big flavors\" or something like that. It's just really really good.
Saw this place on yelp with decent reviews.  I must say the vegetable pho broth is great!
Wonderful bakery with lovely desserts and small foodie gifts! We stopped for lunch and a cappuccino and really enjoyed ourselves!
Awesome fun.   The whole family had a great time.    Great experience,  even for non golfers.
Incredibly salty! Ordered the Sesame Beef Udon Noodle Stir-fry... Will never come back again. A complete waste of money as it was inedible. Very pricey too.
I love smash burger in general but this location is bad. Slow and bad customer service
The ramen are pretty good. I order dandan don once, it was too salty!! The pork bun is tasty as well.
Wonderful food, great atmosphere, perfect service, absolutely horrible management skills .
Great value. Good food. Love the pasta station. Not quite a wynn or bellagio style buffet but its also much cheaper and its a great deal.
Love the atmosphere the only thing is the girls who take the cash and the security at the door REALLY RUDE!!!!
Upscale. Nice steaks. Excellent drinks and service. Pricey ; but of course that is to be expected.
Very unhappy precooked cold food and when I approached the Mgr he was like o well.\nThis is a once and done place to eat!
Huge portions, Monte Cristo Sandwich was good, all sandwich are in texas toast, i wish the offer on regular bread.
BBQ chicken wrap w a side of broccoli! Fresh food that tastes good aaaand is good for you. Love this place
Really wasn't my favorite. The pizza was really greasy and just not for me. I didn't even save the leftovers. The chicken was alright though.
Great food, great customer service by  Gina she is amazing, I recommend this place, I'm addicted to it.
Yummy treats! Great spot. Very friendly folks
Amazing, best cheesecake, great service I come here around 2-3 times a month and if I could give more stars I whould 5\/5
Always love Saxby's! The live music on Wednesday was a surprise and enjoyable!
Loved it! Especially the pasta buffet and the desserts!! We had 12 people in our party and everyone enjoyed it.
Stopped in with a friend and her dog... we all loved the place!  Cute place, quaint patio, awesome food, and friendly service! Definitely will be back!
great service\nthe vegas roll is amazing\nexcellent happy hour!!!!\nWish it was a bit cooler but other than that, it's amazing!
Try Dragonfire!!! Cheese here is good, creamy and fresh...pizza not cooked (broke my 3 strike rule and still could not get it right).
Lizzie is amazing. Simply the best. She made my hair look beautiful, vibrant, and purple!
Great service and menu.  We went on a Saturday night before catching a show downtown.  The atmosphere felt upscale\/trendy with casual dining.  Great location and restaurant layout.
Fast service, high quality product, helped me with pricing for insurance, and very friendly.
Delicious and I love that literally everything in my calzone was local. And plus who puts chanterelle mushrooms in calzones, Come on Now...one star just for that!
Excellent food.  Excellent chicken.  Excellent waffles.  Good service.  Too much salt is the only negative.
Came here for brunch and everything really exceeded our expectations from the food's presentation to the meal itself, the bacon being the main standout. A perfect place!
The People make this place what it is. I have always admired them for their selfless service all over the world. \n\nThanks!
Love this place the house noodle soup, egg drop and sizzle fried rice are all amazing. All combos are very feeling.\nCustomer Service is Excellent
Thanks so much for coaching my son and his mixed hair big curled coarse hair!! You are appreciated!!
Slow slow service I'm the only one here...been sitting In the drive thru for 7 plus minutes now
My older dog Albert had a wonderful experience getting his haircut & wash at Wagging Tails! All of the staff there was so nice!
I love the sandwiches here!\n\nI always get the pork. Wish they had beef, but pork's pretty awesome, too.
It never gets old.  Ever.\n\nRead Tim W's review for the extensive show and music list.\n\nIf you go to Vegas for the first time, you must go see this.  Period.
Delicious chicken wings (original is my fav, includes a dry run and buffalo sauce) & best bleu cheese, which is homemade and available for purchase!
The bath tub was disgusting, but the rest of the room was fine. Larger than most, but removed from the strip.
5 stars, no doubt. Enjoyed the bone in rib-eye, lobster and Ultimate Margarita.
I've been buying flowers from you for a few years. Very impressed with quality and customer service. Getting married in 3 days and will come to you.
I give it a four star for their portion and business hours . Their sharwama plate are surely big enough to serve 2 ppl. Flavor is okay.
This place is so pretty and serene. My 60 minute hot stone massage was perfect. I will go back! Thanks Elements!
We love Dontino's! Always treated like family and the food is great. I personally love their home made dressing--delicious! We will always be regular visitors to the restaurant.
The place is over priced ... Drinks were bad dint even deserve one star the hookah was try badddd and they charged us twice .....\"
One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas!  Love the sea bass skewers and the muqueca!!!
The food was good.  I ordered a BBQ c chicken salad and my  cousin had a wardoff. There was jazz outside, which was nice.
Best bagels in town! They put toppings on the top and bottom of the bagels, so you taste the wonderfulness in every bite. Family run business - nice people!
Great neighborhood place. Service is excellent. The menu ranges from fresh fish to burgers, salads, steak, and chicken.
Best chicken tenders ever. Enjoy the atmosphere, and they have excellent daily specials\/happy hour. Brownie sundae is pretty good too.
A real old fashioned hardware\nAlways great service and helpful suggestions to get what you need.\nStill do screen repair, hard to match anywhere.
What a gem of a place here in Elyria. Amazing pizza, great subs, always friendly service, a good prices. What more could you ask for?
Stopped in first time today for an ear infection - in and out in under 20 minutes with no wait.  Will highly recommend and use again
Easily my favourite Korean restaurant in the GTA. The beef bulgogi is always an excellent choice.
Excellent. Took a little time for our sushi to come out. Next time will order appetizers... Will be back again! Highly recommend the Crouching Tiger!
Not very good. I was trying to provide my family a taste of Korea. But it was nothing like anything I ate while stationed over there.
kAT was so engaging as our server. She kept us playing and talking! Great top golf experience. Thanks KAT!!
Great place ! Love their boba and the atmosphere here. Their calamari is pretty good too
Good stuff make your own I had Hawaiian style ham pineapple and smiley bbq sauce. Hmmmm
Ordered out there for the first time.\nGreat pizza. Chewy crust. Tangy sauce and perfect amount of ingredients. \nEmployees friendly, helpful, attentive and made a busy Saturday night enjoyable.
Family local market love them, they make you feel like family also sells hot meals. To die for?
Great cheap eats! If i lived closer i would be there everyday. Flavorful soup, loong lo-mean, huge wonton balls, beef was tender.
Stopped by at random, chefs are friendly and the food is fresh! All you can eat! Try the Tuna Karai if you like sashimi, delicious!
Great stuff, clean store, really professional and helpful staff. They have almost everything you need. Highly recommend!!
Quick service and good homemade breakfast.  Did go at an off time but it's nice to have a local breakfast place
Gas is good price. Usually pretty long lines inside. Good place to stop before jumping on the 15.
This is the perfect show for ladies night!!! We enjoyed it a lot!!! These guys know how to make show !!! This is must see in Vegas !!!
Hexx is a great ice cream stop on the strip! Lots of different flavors with generous portions. The service was impeccable and we were in and out within minutes!
I've been here a handful of times. Can be tough to find great Mexican food in the valley. This joint delivers the goods. Five star approval and great service.
Our server Haylee was fantastic! We came here for taco Tuesday and had a great time! The food and drinks just added to our great experience.
The mango roll was very good!! This cozy place in Kensington has a good sushi, and a very friendly service... I really enjoyed it, and would recommend it...
Fire Grilled Filet Mignon with White Cheddar Mac & Cheese was amazing.  Great food \/ great service.  Finally try the molten lava cake....what else needs to be said.
great food great service, love this place !!! it's hard to find a good Indian good place in AZ, this place is really good !
Picked up party size supposed to be thin crust half Greek half Hawaiian taste good very thick outer crust??? Service was good.
Unique and flavorful food. The lamb was delicious and wonderfully seasoned. Our waitress Daniella was a delight, very attentive and provided excellent service. We will be back.
The French toast is a must. Hearty skillet a good choice, too. Can't go wrong with anything here.
Sam cuts a great head of hair. He uses razors to clean up your neck. He doesn't forget your eyebrows. He's a solid and authentic barber.
Very fair, got me in quick, and price was much better than competing mechanics. Highly recommended.
The best molten chocolate cake I've ever had, I had here. Super soft cake, gooey molten center, and covered with a caramel glaze. FOODGASM!
I loved the vegetarian dishes! Would highly recommend  the vegetarian pho and vegetarian spring rolls.
love this place ! I alwaysss go to Myle, she shapes my nails perfectly and everyone is super sweet here.
Our server, Mikey, was amazing!!!!! Super nice, really in top of things, and very professional! Really enjoyed our experience! Mikey deserves a raise!
Best steak in Las Vegas! Amazing service & friendly staff. Fast, efficient, good upbeat atmosphere & the steak was on point.
Pad Thai hot spicy was delicious! The place is clean and service is fast. I would highly recommend this place.
Great place super friendly, clean, professional,  affordable, the whole staff were really friendly. Got a really great piece done, Daniel even stayed late to do it
They seem to have recently enlarged their gaming space. Loved the service, very knowledgeable.
The food tastes legitimately home cooked! I had a Werito Relleno, not the traditional Chile Relleno but it was amazingly good!
Fresh tastes - great variety. Loved the mediterranean platter. Lunch time gets busy so get there early or do a late lunch. Great service too.
The staff is horrible, they are rude. I was surprised because I am a longtime Starbucks customer, and never seen such service in any of their locations.
Food was less than expected based on my friends rave reviews. Disappointed! Pad Thai and Basil Chicken both very dry.
Food was great but we had to wait for a long while before we got to order. Service sucks
Great sushi with very generous portions. Everything super fresh and tasty. They also offer brows rice option.
Great dogs, good atmosphere, great beer selection. Nothing much else needs to be said.
Ahh, heaven! Cinnamon graham yogurt with peppermint chips! If this chain was in MPLS I would be in trouble...
Love the half price wine night! Goes well with the BBQ chicken pizza.
I went today for the first time to Spazzing nails, and was welcomed. They very nice and clean I will go back there.
Fist time here, I order in California all the time.  Naan needs work and chicken masala was okay.
I had a 14' pepperoni pizza and The best way I could described what the pizza tasted like was little caesars pizza. Wasn't pleasant...
Very good service, the food was very fresh, very neat setting.  1 pizza was plenty for the wife and I for lunch.
Had an amazing dinner here for the first night of EDC!! Michael was an amazing server. Definitely coming back!!!
Not a very good location.  My steak wasn't up to par with the other Outbacks I have been to.
I've been using them for regular housekeeping service. Pam has been very accommodating with scheduling and services
They don't even keep the proper oil filters in stock. Had to wait forever. Will never go back to big o. Big O Mistake!
We are super new to the area and never have had a pool before!!! They are very knowledgeable, friendly and professional!!! Two thumbs up!!!
Got my Aeroseal treatment done, Very professional, explained how everything worked, on time. Would do business with them again
What a unique place!  The food was great, the customer service exceptional and the ambience a kick.  Very clean and fun.  There was a line when we left!
One of the best places to eat in vegas! Food is amazing and the portions are very generous.
Just perfect! Many constantly changing flavor choices, all perfectly and passionately made. Prices are just right.
Very good sandwiches. It's like the Melt in Cleveland but much better priced. The sweet potato fries are amazing.
This place is incredible. Some of the best food I've had on the Strip in Vegas. Great food, great drinks, great service. Highly recommend giving it a try.
We have dined here 3 times already.  I order one of the nightly special they all have been excellent.  Make this your choice one day
Very good meal -- a la carte dinner. And service above and beyond. Must go back for the buffet.
Best gyro in Pittsburgh. The night time crowd is a bit tense so it's better to go during the day or for dinner. Gyro, fries and ice tea.
around 8-10 bucks an entree. good portions, you'll get fully easily. complimentary chips upon arrival and unlimited rice :)
One of the best burgers I've had! Staff was so nice and helpful. I will definitely be back to try some of the more authentic items on the menu.
No matter what you get here it is absolutely delicious!!! And the snickerdoodle cookies are to die for!
The food was delicious and our waiter, Albert was so attentive and knowledgeable about what we would like and having my granddaughter he was so accommodating ... 5 stars
Pretty good Sonoran style Mexican food right up the street and a great price.
I come here every weekend with my friends and it's amazing! Great specials! Ask for Christina, Ariel, or Carly!
best soon tofu ive ever had. side dishes are great too. kinda in a sketchy area but this place is amazing
The food is barely fresh, but reasonably tasty. Good for a quick lunch.
Two members of our party which dined here at dinner got very sick and threw up the entire night. Will not return, and would not recommend this place.
Consistently fresh and flavorful! Great ambiance and we order delivery once a week.
This is hands down the best pizza in Las Vegas. Tasty and healthy, almost too good to be true.
Sat at the bar and was taken care of by Fabiola..  service, food and atmosphere were terrific!   If you love Indian food, you will be happy here.
They changed the name to Get air and won't accept already purchased groupons for Rockin Jump?!!! Horrible way to treat customers!
My favorite Italian deli. Everything here is good from the salad to the pizza to the pasta and sandwiches. You just can't go wrong
The food is amazing with a great vibe!  Highly recommend the Steamed Buns and the Salmon Supreme Roll.
Akila was great! He matched any price for iPhone 6 repair around town. In under 1 hour my phone looks brand new again. Thank you again!
This place is so much fun. The setup is awesome and couldn't ask for better service. The cars are very easy to drive and control.
First time here and it won't be my last.  Outstanding service and great food.  Wonderful atmosphere.
Delivery via Grubhub\/EatStreet is always fast (20-30 min tops) and food is hot and fresh. 5 stars.
Went here for the second time and it was pretty bad. Everything was bland and one friend got sick and had to rush for the bathroom lol.
Great enchiladas, all parts come together for a delicious meal. I had the green pork, very tasty.
Had breakfast this morning the staff was amazing and I enjoyed it!! Me and mom will defiantly be back!!
I'm usually not very 'adventurous' in my meals. But I'll eat anything they make.  The chicken tiki masala is the best I've ever had.
Love this place. Perfect to take the kids so they get some energy out. Employees are nice and professional.
Travelled from Edmonton to Calgary just for this. Trip was totally worth it! Will certainly come back for more
Just flat out good food. Will for sure be coming back. All 4 of us were more than satisfied with our orders.
As soon as i walked in i was greater pleasantly and asked if i needed assistance. the worker quickly found my part and gave me recommendations. great service.
Lots of stores, and  loads of post Holiday sales......  I will recommend that you check this place out over the two weeks after of Christmas....
Fantastic, professional service in every possible way!  So thrilled to have found this jewel, will definitely be back!
Food is good. Service car is better. All of the servers have been amazing. Tonight is Eddie. He rocked it. Thanks Eddie.
Everytime i come here i always get great customer service!!! Friendly staff. And always so eager to help!!
The chicken sandwich was rubbery and the waiter could care less if my wife was happy. The service was lacking to say the least as well. Not really happy.
This place is beautiful! So organized, volunteers are sooo nice, so helpful, the entire experience was just amazing... Will visit again during Christmas
I've been here several times. Great food and atmosphere. The service was fairly quick. The biggest problem is getting a table which usually the sign of a great restaurant.
Authentic Italian cuisine delicious very inviting, bright atmosphere. Am impressed every time I go.
Enjoyed the food and atmosphere, we went here with friends from out of town and the service was great.
Best burritos and tacos in the area! My GF and I love coming here, and getting some good local street tacos.
The food is really good but the service could be better. .. this is one of my favorite places to dine...
I don't recommend the cakes or cookies but I did get a paska bread there  on Easter and it was excellent!!
Excellent customer service. They are very friendly and accommodating specially Miss Medy who served us delicious filipino dishes. We will come back definitely.
Amazing service, great food at good prices, and many healthy options! It is nice to fontina breakfast place that has gluten free options!
Loved this place. It was clean, the ladies were super nice and easy to talk with. Mani pedi look great. The prices were just right   Will defiantly be back.
Amazing! I loved this place. The atmosphere is super trendy, the drinks are delicious and appealing, and the staff was friendly! Will definitely come back soon!!
DONT GO HERE!!! I found out the gas pumps are outfitted to Credit\/Debit Card Number as of Now! who knows how long It's happening.
This was my first purchase. From start to finish everyone at All Western Mortgage explained the entire process in terms that anyone would understand.
Great service! Great hair stylist and good looking hair when I left! Such a fun treat to have your hair done and leave liking your hair do!
Nice drive through location.  Like that it is open early - 830 AM.  Friendly service.  Great for deposits when you are in a hurry.
Are here everyday for a week and found something amazing every time. The menu has everything. And those hot muffins are ooey gooey greatness.
The best place for breakfast and lunch. My favorite is egg Benedict pizza, delicious  Great service every time. Thank you guys!
Southern Cooking, yum. This place was so big inside, and the staff was so friendly. Next time we return to Charlotte, we'll come back.
Great food, lovely presentation. Nice surprise for a shopping center restaurant. Ordered way too much food though :-)
Super awesome crab chili with $2 beers.  Nice atmosphere with a friendly touch.  Nice wine selection too!
Only had the country fried steak. Had to say it's been pretty good every time. Large portions. Usually order to go.
Good Greek food, but a little pricey.  We enjoyed out meal and our little girl had a nice time in their outdoor seating area.
Walked in at 2:15pm and left at 2:30pm with no service.  Only two other tables and they already had their food.  Store needs new management and wait team!!
We shared the Kale salad and tuna sandwich and they were both amazing!  Service was great and patio was perfect on this day!
Great pizza after a long day of traveling. Delivery service was not the fastest, but totally worth the wait. I loved the crisp crust.
The plates were large portions, and the food was okay.... Not bad, but I've also had much better Korean food.  Service was great!
All good apart from parking. Nice collection of cars that are free to look at. Decent shop too with a few tshirts and some other merch. Everyone was friendly.
Their BBQ chicken is simply the best dish I have ever tasted. And the atmosphere is really nice and they have some latest technology equipment.
Justin tending bar on the Roof Top and Evan serving at the Meatball place were awesome last night.
Super Sweet Pancakes!!!!!!!!!! Enough said.
Family operated and they are super friendly. Parking is a bear. About 20 tables with 1\/2 outdoor. LARGE portions!
Great atmosphere, feels like a good ol backyard get together. Friendly staff. The pulled pork tastes like magic. Amazing turkey. Excellent sauces.
Food is still very good and very spicy when you request it but the portions are shrinking considerably.. Dinner take out rice in a miniature box..Really for $11.95 ?
Charles and company did a great job. Excellent work! Excellent service! Save your time from calling competitors and give Charles a call!
Ordered pizza today for a meeting at the office and boy was it a hit. Everyone loved this Roman style pizza.
Really great place!  I love that they have many options for vegetarians.  Service is always really good too.
I come to this restaurant every time I am in town. Obsessed with their food, I cannot get enough of it.
Pathetic service!!!  Will never go back.  Eggs OK, bacon OK, but undercooked potatoes are what ruined my meal other than the poor lazy service from wait staff.
Amazing sandwiches.  The fried chicken is the best in the city as far as I'm concerned. They also have a nice selection of craft beer if you're dining in.
Awesome chicken and waffles and biscuits and gravy! Their watermelon is soaked in something amazing- must have! \n\nExtensive drink menu. Best \"morning after Vegas\" food there is! \n\nGreat service!
There was no BBQ food!!! just typical pub grub options but disappointing even for the basics that they do serve
Awesome selection of both pinball and arcade games. Bring cash for quarters. No snackbar. Soda machine with great selection of off the wall sodas.
Very innovative and flavorful cuisine. Laid back friendly great service. Love the place.
The best old fashioned steak house in Vegas.  Wonderful chopped salad. Alaskan King Crab legs were wonderful as was the Prime Rib
Poor Chorizo super burrito.  The Chorizo was basically on one side of the burrito and the lettuce and tomato were jaded.  Not ordering again.
Stopped by today while on business.  Place was empty.  Service was above average and food was very good.  Try the beef salad; fresh and very good.
We love this small ice cream shop. We always get wondeful service and the ice cream tastes delicious and natural.  They even have toys to keep the kids entertained.
Fantastic meal, excellent service, nice ambiance.  I will definitely return!
The food was great the service was awesome a must try will definitely return in the future family friendly restaurant finely a place  that cooks my eggs property
took the family. everything was great! this is my new and fav. taco spot! great staff. very friendly.
Chimichangas the size of a small dog! Worth a wait if there is one. Owner knows great customer service.
Tortillas! Las tortillas are delicious!! What the heck are they putting in them? Love it, whatever it is. Carne azada tacos-good! Tacos Chiwas-amazing!
Even though the wait time can get crazy this is always a great place to eat.  Good food. Great service.  And awesome belinis!!  Keep coming back!
Thanks to your helpful staff for making my co-workers special Retirement a bright and happy day!!!
The food was really good, and the portions were pretty big. Both quality and quantity come at a good price.
food is ok and the service is bad. The roast duck was good but it was on the saltier side. There fried tofu was amazing though.
We called Core to trim some very large trees. They did a great job and were fair with the price. Excellent customer service. Customer for life.
I like the service here. Probably not the best Indian food, but not the worst either.\nMy favourite buffet.
Our second booking in LV with Hertz Rental Car.\nVery Pleased.\nNo Hassles.
This studio rocks! Krista has so much energy and made the class fun! She definitely has a passion for dance! I will be back!
This is becoming my go-to beer pub in Toronto. Some of the best selection of beers on tap anywhere and probably 30% less expensive than most. Love this place.
What the hell happened to this place, the new menu sucks, the size of servings shrunk, and the quality of the food is uber mediocre. Will not come anymore
Called about an eyebrow wax that literally takes maybe 10min... and was told to call back on Wed (it is Saturday) ... seriously??
One of our top spots in Akron. They will remember your name, and your drink of choice. A true neighborhood bar that pushes for top notch customer satisfaction.
Great family fun!  Food is amazing and not overpriced.  Great place for kids and\/or date night.
Great food and service. The menu mixes it up well. The calamari is phenomenal. And the drinks are even better.
The food was fresh and dishes were great. Service not so much but I think it was more due to the fact they're new.
Food was delish- service was outstanding and very personal.  I enjoyed this restaurant!
Best Indian food in Phoenix. Authentic South Indian taste feels like I am eating at home in India.
Emylie Anders is awesome!!! Incredible colorist and hairstylist. She is the best stylist I've ever had and I drive 45 mins just to see her. Highly recommend
First time at Lou's. We've been driving by for years and stopped in. Great food and service. We had breakfast and will definitely be back to try lunch!
Delicious burgers.....and friendly folks!  They will definitely see us again.  Great neighborhood bar.
Service is sloooooooow and mistakes frequent.  Cool porch and food is pretty good when they get it right.
Anyone who gives less than 5 stars clearly hasn't tried their pancakes. This place is amazing, and will always be my favorite breakfast in town!
couldnt win 3 days straight lol - i like the lines they offer\n\ngreat environment - drinks, poker
Très bon repas pour la famille. Un peu cher mais très savoureux! On est arrivé à l'après-midi sans aucune réservation, le restaurant était presque vide. Bon service.
While on our family vacay, my dad insisted our first meal be at Wo Fat!\nWe loved it and it was extremely inexpensive!\n\nPro:\nGood food\nGreat customer service\nLots of parking\nInexpensive meals\n\nCon:\nNone
Everyone at Anew is so welcoming and friendly. I appreciate how much time they take to explain options and treatments. I haven't had a single bad experience!
This is really an exceptional italian deli!  Great sandwich's - great atmosphere.  Would certainly come again when in the Scottsdale area.
We found this place on yelp had to try it and we loved it, definitely coming back staff was great.
Jeremy and Carlos are the coolest dudes great customer service I will keep coming back for sure
The atmosphere and decor were fabulous - what a great place to enjoy lunch!  (The photo here is out-dated).  Our meal was delicious!!
Loved everything about it! The Bloody Mary, the ham & cheese omelet, the potatoes, everything! We were in LV for 3 days & ate here twice!
The pizza was great and on the upper end of well priced, but very with it. The staff was very friendly and quick. I would definitely come here again
The food is typical bar food and average. However, the wait staff is so funny and entertaining. The whole experience is so fun!
Delicious tacos! Unassuming location but the simplicity is very good! I wish they had chips too--their salsa bar is so good.
Hands down one of the best burger joints in the area.
Over-rated in a town where you can get better buffet food at a much lower cost. Long lines are not worth the wait. Look elsewhere
Stir crazy is CRAZY slow! We waited for 45 min for entrees that are burned \/ tasteless. The store wasn't even half full!!\nWill never go again!
Dr Lawyer and his staff are wonderful to work with.  I felt like I was in good hands.
The manager and staff here are not helpful at all.  Unlike other casino theaters, they don't allow food from their own food court into the theater.  Ridiculous.
Awesome. For a veg person, Natosha and Niraj helped a lot to ensure it was good. Really loved the pizza.
Never had a bad experience here!  Quick, yummy, and excellent customer service.  I have even had the food here and was impressed.  Will continue to be a patron! :)
Fabulous neighborhood resteraunt!! Great Pho! \nI love their curry and rice noodle with veggies\nI will always continue to come here
I just wanted to say THANK You to Pete and his team! Great customer service experience! I will be back again for more work.
It's awesome. Great customer service and the prices are more than fair. I'm making this my stop for all my shopping. Thanks spartan arms.
Love this place! Food is always fresh and yummy. Go here if you want something healthy and not your run-of-the-mill lunch fare.
Excellent food and service. Absolutely enjoyed our dinner while visiting Pittsburgh. Definitely recommend the chicken meatballs and tomato basil cream sauce.
The easiest tattoo I have ever had.  Eric uses new techniques that make after care so simple.  He's patient and works with you on ideas you have.
I had The Jefe sandwich with chopped brisket, sausage and jalapeño cheddar grits. It's a great sandwich.
This is the third time we have been in and get almost no cream cheese on our bagels.\nSad day.
Don't bother making an appointment. 8am appointment actually means \"three hour wait\". I'll be sure to find management to address this.
One of the most incredible restaurants - certainly one of the top in the valley. Carefully refined, impeccable and honed craft. Dishes gracefully presented and unique ambience.
My favorite Mexican food place but beware of the heat! Spicy but yummy!!!
Exceptional fast service at a fair price. Thank you Omar for helping me be able to see out of my windows without having to roll them down.
This place is great! always greeted with a smile Robin and her sister are just the nicest people, love shopping there. The selection is wonderful.
Amazing food and wonderful servers. I great place to eat and entertain in Belmont. Great specials.
Great food, friendly people BUT, they have removed the CHOW MEIN menu??!! Very confusing to order that now? Ples put the CHOW MEIN menu back in!
Exceeded my expectations for sure! Really good pizza we'll order again and again and tell all our friends :) The wings were also a hit!
I got the #17 with pork, medium spicy and two rolls. Amazing, very flavorful and good (I love spicy food).
Great staff very friendly and helpful and kick ass ,felt really safe shooting and very comfortable. 20 out of ten
I love this place! Food is amazing and the service is great. I would reccomd this to anyone!!
Love the atmosphere, professionalism, & my girl Leemah does an AMAZING job! She's very attentive to detail from the shaping to applying the polish. New nail home
Open late and have the best sandwich on mill. Come here all the time after the bars here and it's always good highly recommend
Cute little ice cream place! We had the Flight and chose 5 different flavors! They were all delicious. I love how they come in cupcake Tins.
Great location...great selection of guns and the best service in the city.\n\nMajor thumbs up!
Passion iced tea....sooo good.  Fast service and really helpful.  Good prices too.  I'll be back soon.
We went to Las Vegas for my mother's birthday, so the morning after, we thought we'd treat mother to a nice breakfast.  Headed to Guy Fieri Restaurant and ordered.
Delicious giant single scoop waffle cone. AND a fortune cookie. What more could you ask for?
Can't wait to eat here all the time next time I'm in Montreal again. Shammy is the best and takes her craft very seriously.
I call in for a BBQ sandwich to-go whenever I'm working in the area.  Everything else just ok.  Nothing spectacular.
Another fail for this stay at Westgate. Posted everywhere of its times then my family and I get down there. ..\"Sorry...well be back in 2 days.\"
This is a delicious neighborhood Asian restaurant. Their sizzling rice makes my mouth water just thinking about it!
Juan's flaming fajita is my favorite Mexican Restaurant in Las Vegas. The food is very good and the service is wonderful!
George! OMG! He is amazing! Transformed my color! He is an artist! Truly the best cut & color I've had in years!!
Very nice atmosphere and the staff are so nice too. Good for families with kids and their menu are more varied with regards to breakfast
Best place to go for dental work!  Wife and I have been going here for years and will continue.  No fancy up sells!!!  Thanks everyone!
Horrible. Don't go to this location. They don't follow the parent company's lead.
Once again, a fine job of auto detailing. Thanks guys
Great food, good service.\n\nFriendly.\n\nGood vegetarian options.\n\nRecommend the iced coffee...
Awesome ! Seriously good found w excellent beer selections and homemade sauced! A gem!
Love this place! So many great selections I never know what to get. You guys should open up another location in Scottsdale
This place is ways fill of people running and doing stuff. Have loved her for 5 years and cannot imagine living anywhere else in Phoenix. Clean and beautiful.
Q bistro is amazing place. Their chicken with supreme sauce is the best. Our server Jin was nice and very attentive. Definitely recommend this place and check it out!
The pizza was good but prices were too high. No service at all and we didn't even eat on plates they give you parchment paper.
Cute and small. Very good bento box with good quality food! Would recommend for a casual date night!
Everything is always fabulous when you come to the  bagel bin!! The girls are awesome, and that chicken salad is the best!!
Food is ok but $9 for an average size sandwich? No sides, no drink...no thanks. I'll go to the original hoagie shop instead.
Excellent service. Outstanding Driving Crew!
Relaxed, fun, & patient great experience for kids of all ages my 3 year & 12 year old love it!
As a party of 4, we each had a different order and we all enjoyed our meal immensely. We sat outside and service was attentive, truly great. Highly recommend!
My husband and I went to the Salt Cellar when we were dating. So we went back last weekend for our anniversary.  It was nice.  Romantic.
pretty decent for brunch, had the maserati omelet, not bad.  \n$10-14 most plates, BIG shareable portions...
great restaurant. we love it. the food is good and the staff super friendly.\nit's also clean and  very welcoming !
I have been going through Kelly for years! I have never been disappointed! She replaced by $60.00 per haircut salon.
Above average in taste & presentation, which is unusual for a casino location. Flavors and sauces are really good.
This place is amazing! The Big Wac is a must. Dog friendly as well. We sat on the patio and they brought out a water bowl for our pup.
French fries- top of the line; mango coke slaw- delicious; vegetarian omelette- the best! Will be back!
Labor gouging.  DO NOT use Mr Appliance.  They charged us $200.00 in labor for 45 minutes of work.  VERY unethical company.  I repeat DONOT use this company
Great breakfast 24 hours a day, expect a wait if you head out in the day time. The pancakes are huge.
Absolutely excellent food and great service.  I had the tuna poke bowl and it was amazing.  Sitting outside when the weather is nice is a bonus.
I visited this place a few times for gel polish. Trying the pedicure. This salon is so nice and upscale. The polish selection is the largest I've seen.
You're missing out if you haven't eaten here.  Your taste buds are in for a treat.  Superb!
Great ballpark and good game but too bad they lost today.
Hash browns awful. Omelets ok. Grits ok. Clean. Server very good, friendly. Won't be back
This is my favorite restaurant in the valley. The food is delicious. The chicken Mediterranean is my favorite. We also love the owners. They treat us like family.
Super slow service !! I expected better when paying 35$ at the entrance. I regretted waiting at the line for almost an hour.
My favorite Vegan restaurant!  Very tasty food, great presentation and their staff is super friendly.
Amazing cake, great service, and very reasonable prices! I highly recommend Cakes on the Move!!
Yes and yes. Amazing flavors, fast service. I absolutely loved this place. I took a star away because our table was sticky. Lol. But we will definitely go back!!!
Best sushi restaurant I've had so far. The workers here are up beat and friendly. It's a small restaurant but the atmosphere is awesome.
great hardware store. best customer service and prices.
This is the cutest coffee place in town. The walls are bright and cheery. There are plants in the windows. Plants!\n\nThey sell Beachland Ballroom tickets here.
Had the house pretzel as an app, the ab cheese burger and salted caramel pudding. It was all fantastic and I will be coming back.
Best restaurant in uptown! The food is delicious and all of the drinks are made to perfection. We love coming here and love Zy. She's the best!
Have been going to this location for years. Always great food\nI get the carne asada burritos rolled tacos cheese quesadillas all fresh
They are very efficient and the eye care technology they use is competent and technologically advanced.
I used Vets plumbing to help fix a tub clog.  Guy was nice, professional and unclogged my drains for a reasonable charge
Very good Thai faire! I hate any food bland or dummied down \"Americanized\" and this is not that.  I really enjoy authentic places like this.
Scott is awesome!   Very informative.  Figured out my AC problem right away!  Ask for him!  You wont go wrong.  Very professional, very efficient!\nHighly recommend.  Also Carla is extremely nice!
Out of socks to buy for bowling at 8pm on a hot summer night  - ewwwwww! I didnt know I was bowling Tonight
very professional & courteous... Thank you so much for a pleasant experience.  We'll see you soon!
Hands down the best damn BBQ in Arizona! My favorite place but you have to be there early before they run out of meat they sell very fast!
They butchered our order. They should fix the speaker for the drive through so they can hear us next time
Hmmm....spent a lot of money, but didn't get what I was expecting. I wanted more curds, but only got 7 in my basket. Give more to the people!!!\n\nXOXO FriNFabGrl
Beautiful music and perfectly coregraphed fountains. It is a sight to see when you visit vefas and it never gets the boing the many times Ive seen it.
Worst pet valu you ever go rude staff and disgusting franchise owner
Terrible food and atmosphere. Horrible experience. Don't waste your time you are better off getting a frozen pasta meal at the grocery store and microwave.
Cool place, gd food but o man the waitress had some attitude. Probably won't go back because the unfriendly services.
Excellent food! Very nice staff and consistent quality....I'm real wimp and they make very mild for me....I highly recommend
I really love this place \nThey food snd service was on time and amazingly. Highly recommend this place, best indian food ever.
Cool venue.  If you love live music then this place is for you.  Strange bands but cool seating if you arrive early.
Wonderful staff and expert doctor.  Only drawback is long waits.
The service was quick and friendly. \nThe food and drinks were excellent but very overpriced.\nThe decor and the music made it very chic and relaxing for a brunch.
Good food, nice atmosphere in the bar. Consistently good service so I will keep coming back!
Best Brazilian food in Las Vegas. Family like environment and very nice Service. Heitor did a great job serving us with happiness and efficiency.
Daniel was great, came out and had my carpet padding fixed up within an hour. Even showed a little early for my appointment time.
Huge selection of drinks to choose from. Wonderful decor. Definitely call in for reservations if coming on a weekend and in a large group.
Food sucked and the service was slow, even though the restaurant was not busy. There are better options in the area. I will not be returning.
Ordered take out,  newer girl at the counter by the time she figured out our order the food was cold,
Speedy and quality service\nDrive thru is super fast.\nThey do need to work in stocking and cleaning the soda machines and dining room.
Ok food and ok service. I had a burger and pretzel bites. Nothing to write home about, but good nonetheless
这里很好吃 味道很不错 价格也不高 真好     .    .\nReasonable price , quality also not bad.\nBeef kabob($9.99), Tandoori chicken and rice($11.99). And waitress was friendly.
As good as it gets, fast service, excellent pricing.  A destination when we are visiting the Phoenix area.
Ryan was AWESOME, as he should be in charge!\nTheir delivery man should be fired!\nStill no sofa, waiting 2nd day now.......
One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.  Food is always on point and I love the deal on bottles of wine.  Great atmosphere and location!
FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN!\n\nBrought back so many memories of my childhood. I'm 51 now and had a great time playing pinball again.\n\nSo much fun.
Crepes are ok. Decided to get one because we were waiting for our show to start so we are for fun
Perfection! Green chile sauce in pork stew bowl w\/frybread, corn and cheese tamale, and ground beef\/green chile chimi. This is now our favorite casual serve restaurant!
This is the smoothest (not at all bitter) Americano that I've had in a long long time! Do yourself a favor and check it out.
got a great cut and for 9 bucks,can't beat it!
It's a good church. And people are welcoming. They keep it as a family. And the hours are also pretty easy.
The PBee Bowl is delicious!! Fresh fruit and just the right amount of sweetness. Will definitely come back when I'm in the area!
Really nice rooms.\n\nExpensive, and the casino doesn't appear as classy as the Wynn casino.
Best restaurant in Downtown Chandler, hands down! Awesome staff and great setting.
Food was delicious -- maybe some of the best sushi I have ever had -- prices were excellent as well -- will definitely come back!
Great service from a salesman Dave and they delivered as promised!
Who comes for the service? Hooters. Global, Casinos, Wings, Tit$, sports, and beer. Good food and atmosphere. Never come here for the service because it does happen!
We enjoyed the buffet. Good prices and a variety of foods!
I'm in total agreement....good service, tasty and inexpensive food (2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 2 drinks, plus a huge Greek Salad:  just under $30).  Great find!
Had a good time with my boys. The place wasn't busy so we pretty much had the place to ourselves. I think we will all sleep good tonight.
Trendy place with good food and service. Drinks are a little pricey but very tasty. Gets crowded but lunch is good with a ton of parking
Andrea is amazing!! best waitress i've ever had! will be back 100% and will enjoy the food just as much as i have before!
Great work and customer service.They really take their time and are efficient. You will not be disappointed, I assure you of that. They really care about the customer.
Nick was awesome!! Go see these guys for great service polite helpful and friendly. They did the job correctly
Highly recommend. Great drinks and tacos.
Cool retro interior. Food was good.  Senior menu was a good deal. Had the Tostada Omelet  was big enough to split..add jalapeños of corse.
Authentic Chinese masters. Really good service - relaxing and helped me after I had neck and back issue for a while.
Great place to catch NFL on Sunday.  Good selection of drafts on tap.  I like the chicken tenders in honey lime buffalo
I love the food ,there fast on delivery and they're the nicest people in the world . Thank you!
I am impressed with the overall professional, yet personable staff! The whole team is very supportive and encouraging in my quest to better health!! Thank you, Red Mountain team!!
Origin India always tastes great! It's a little pricey, but they always have a Groupon so check that out first.
Best BBQ in AZ! Fatty brisket, lean brisket, ribs, potato salad, beans; were all delicious. The long line is worth the wait. Will be coming back for sure.
Friendly, courteous, professional care from the front desk to the massage therapist. This was the best massage therapy experience I've ever had.
Awesome, professional, friendly. Love pui and Misha and will definitely be back again.
The food is pretty good and the environment is comfortable and clean. The portions are huge. A good find.
Don't know the guys name but his customer service is the reason I shop at QT 95 percent of the time. Just left there 6:20 PM on 6\/26\/2018
I stopped to buy some Klondike bars for my Bunco group!  They had quite a variety.  I finally decided on Heath and Rocky Road
Great Thai and Asian food, it's the old Lattitude 8 that was in downtown Chandler! Fantastic, try the Panang Curry!
Great food. Amazing pasteries. Only problem is there are only two tables for sitting. We had to grab pur food and eat somewhere else. But totalllly worth it!
Even though my experience in November review wasn't great.  They are just so darn convenient to my house that I returned and my Lox sandwich has improved.
bought a sectional sofa for a very good price. Ken, the owner was very helpful.  I recommend this place
I just shopped a Ematic tablet from FRY's. The price is more reasonable than  any other  chain. I was able to save more money. I love shopping at  FRY's
Very happy with the support and repairs needed for all my electronics. Very professional and quick.highly recommend
This was our third or fourth visit. We ate the Chicken Shawarma pita and the Gyros pita. Very tasty, as always. We recommend this quick and inexpensive Mediterranean eatery.
Great service, smiling faces, delicious food and great atmosphere! Amazing happy hour deals and did I say the food was deliciousness!!!!!! Lol
My favorite Thai restaurant this far.  Delicious food and great atmosphere, Food was served hot and with just the right amount of spice.
Fried chicken and waffles with the chilled watermelon is awesome. Great cocktails. Located inside the Venetian
First visit was ok. Dosas came out burned so had to reorder. Desserts are delicious. Worth trying them again.
Have not been to this restaurant for a long time and the food does not taste that good anymore. Their famous \"Duck\" tastes a little bit sour. Very strange!!!!
Staff was extremely helpful, and rooms were clean and nicely decorated. Very positive experience!
Pui & Misha are great on providing good customer service also did an excellent job especially on my hair.
I went online and applied for Insurance and it was great selection of product and service. I was contacted right away.Very friendly team contact them today!!
Dropped by to Vegas On a vacation from Los Angeles. They take walk ins which is a plus. Good cuts good price clean facility.
Nice to have a change taste in an area stuffed with mexican restaurants. Quick place to grab light and tasty teriyaki.
Love their pad Thai. It has the right amount of spicy and sweet. Very friendly service. Would definitely recommend
Best teppanyaki! The food is amazing, and great service! \n\nMust try: Gilbert Town Sushi
My first time with arrowhead. Worked with Jeff. Great deal on a Honda Pilot. In and out in no time.   Great follow-up too!
Great Sushi! Have to try the Parma roll and the Christmas roll! Their salmon sashimi is really good  too. Clean dining area and great service. 5 stars for sure!
Been here several times. Fantastic menu, reasonable prices (especially as it's tourist Haven, Queen's Quay. Friendly unpretentious service too.
Great service, nice price. I usually go to Majestic Eyebrow threading, but this shop is closer to my house. I highly recommend checking both places out.
Great service and great price along with great food!\nAlso great atmosphere sky thank you!
So much fun and spectacular customer service.  I used a Groupon and my schedule was accommodated when I needed to reschedule the date.. twice!  Will absolutely go again!
Amazing experience!  Life changing nerve damage repaired after a years visits!  Most relaxing face massage I have ever had!\nJane is the very best!
Better than Joe Beef!\nExcellent raw food, oysters from PEI and scallop were above the world! \nThe steak was pretty awesome too. \nA bit noisy and service was not good.
Very nice and welcoming. I liked how informative my girl was. Their prices are amazing! $8 for brows and $4 for upper lip. Definitely worth it!!
Great selection. Great service.  Helpful staff.  Phones tablets and laptops galore.
Great barbers and fast service. We see James and Moraima. Support your local business and give them a try.
Not good. Waitresses weren't friendly and the shrimp wasn't cooked. No effort to rectify as well. Absolutely no concern on behalf of the restaurant.
The pizza is excellent and the service is top notch! Tony is friendly and makes you feel welcome like your apart of the family. Highly recommend!
Diana and Miguel just made my day!! Nicest people and fabulous team!! I will be back :)
Excellent food.  The ordering is a little complicated at first but after the initial visit easy.   Tacos are small so order a few.
Brunch was better than average. Really enjoyed the mix- great for a buffet- a little messy on the buffet when we were there but didn't affect what we ate.
I just love poke. I can literally eat this everyday. And they have such a variety. Service is always quick and so nice...
Best ice cream shop in the valley!  Perfect spot for a family or date night.  They've got games and are always extremely nice!
This is the best sub. I've ever had... Fresh bread, juicy meat... Great friendly service...
This is one if my top choices for Vietnamese food in Brampton!  The atmosphere is nice and clean. My favourite dish is the bun cha ha noi.
My new favorite pizza place.  Very good.  Also tried the wings and I thought they were good.  Will definitely keep going back.
Beautiful interior, fine food. \nWe always get treated here once a year. I can't comment on the price as I wasn't treating. But the food was delicious.
I really like this place. It's small but cute and the two tofu dishes they have (hibachi and teriyaki, if I recall correctly) are very good and huge portions.
Ive been here before with my friend and it was okay. I didnt like how they didnt accept interac. However, I like how there are open 24hrs a day.
I love grabbing brunch at cracked egg with family. It has a great family setting and good food!
Olives, fondue, pretzels, prime rib sliders, bruschetta, sangria. It all tasted like delicious.
Great service from Mark in a timely manner and with great professional integrity.
Lunch special was awesome and large portion of food for the price and came with a drink. The owners where so nice. It's defiantly worth checking this place out
Do not miss the opportunity to experience Erica's Massotherapy talents and the oasis she has created with the space at Organic Massage Cleveland.  She will make your stress disappear.
Very nice staff. Relaxed atmosphere. Nice addition to the South Mountain area. Speedy service.
The service was fantastic! Brittany was very knowledgeable about the menu and friendly. Great beer selection. Try the Yellow Smoke cocktail,
The food was excellent and our waitress, Lacey was outstanding. Store 21 is the best SoNY by far. Thank you.
Thomas was so helpful and the place was super clean. Replaced my first truck the stunk like a homeless guy with a new truck.
Great place to chill and enjoy breakfast on a Sunday. We had the lemon drop with lemon curd. We will return on a Sunday.
Food served hot and plentiful at a decent price. Employees cheerful and accommodating.
honest & helpful... he has been our family mechanic for 8+ yrs...wouldn't go anywhere else...
Thank you for taking your time and helping me find the shoe that fits me.  I can't wait to wear them
This place has been my go to for nearly 3 years. Amazing quality and friendly people. Would recommend to anyone needing a haircut, color, or blowout in Charlotte
My friends and I ordered food from Mantra through Grub Hub who delivered to their house. It was so good we ordered again the following weekend. Excellent!
Their menu is not very vegan friendly but the chef made me a special vegan pasta. It was AMAZING. Still craving more of it. Will def be back!
Awesome craft cocktails, great staff, especially the bartenders. The interior design is amazing and the 90s hip hop music kept the scene alive!
This store always has friendly and fast customer service. They go above and beyond to provide a positive customer experience. Thank you!
The closest I've found to the pizza from Blasdell Pizza and Wings in New York. We love their pizza!
Awesome food and staff. Bartended Penny makes fablous drinks and is always friendly. I like breakfast here but definitely want to come back to try dinner.
Love the food best breakfast ever wish I could say that about Bonnie b worst attitude ever rude bitch
I had an amazing experience with Bluenose. There's so much lobster that the $17 price tag totally makes sense. Going back for sure!
Wasn't that good-Old crab-go out and get regular meal\/The buffet was nothing to brag about-
This place was excellent. The prices can't be beat. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. Food is great. We went for a birthday. They made it super fun.
So much fun!  My six year old was in awe. A bit too expensive though. We had fun at the end!
Fantastic dinning experience!  Excellent service!  A little hard to find but well worth it once you do!!!!  Try the veal!
Your standard Panda Express with the typical, salt-laden dishes but the prices are decent for the Strip and it is super fast!
Fabulous sushi at the amazing Stingray! Great music...indoor..outdoor dining...wonderful service. A great time for a Friday night celebration!!! It's Friday! Love this spot!
This restaurant has the worst service in Ontario! \n\nThe food wasnt that great\n\nHad rocks in my seafood linguine
Really thorough, conscientious job!!! They kept in good communication and did everything I asked for. Deep clean.
Good selection of weird creative sushi and smoothies. However their korean food is alright nothing too special
Great food, easy online ordering and speedy delivery, food was here in 20 minutes. Delivery gal gave us a New menu. Consistently fresh Every Time.
This res robin rocks.  Selena is our waitress, and is awesome!
Great hidden treasure in chandler.  Great tasting food, big portions and at a decent price.
Thee best!! Soooo good bartenders and workers are so great! Awesome atmosphere! Def.a+++
Clean.convenient shuttles to\/from airport. They had a complimentary makeup remover wipe ( I have never seen a hotel that has ever had that)! Clean bathroom w\/ complimentary shower cap.
They have a great juice selection. My only complaint is the service tends to be on the slower side. Don't stop if you're in a hurry.
Poor service. Waited 15 minutes without even being acknowledged.  At 3 other tables received attention. Too many options in Vegas to put up with such poor customer service.
Hands down the BEST cup of coffee I've had. Trust me... I am HARD to impress. Vanilla de' canela is where it's at! simply put. I'll be back often!!
Recently tried this place. I was afraid to try thinking it would be outrageously expensive.\nGuess what ? you get what you pay for..\n\nNice decor..great food..will love to go again
This location is great. Good food, no complaints. Usually arrives in less then 45minutes!
as traditional as Peruvian food gets, only place in the US I've enjoyed a Lucuma smoothie along a traditional Peruvian breakfast - highly recommend
Fresh sushi and friendly service. Food was served without utensils and that's a pet peeve of mine. Had a great Bloody Mary. Overall good experience.
I love this place. The guys really nice. The food very very good.My family very like .the prices cheap ..
The sushi here was alright, but I have definitely had better. 3 stars for the sushi and 1 more for how cheap it is.
Great bar - Friendly patrons, friendly bartender.\nExposed brick inside, very relaxed vibe. Nice selection of beers on tap-- I enjoyed a pint of the Stone Arrogant Bastard.
Very good street tacos and sauce. Chimichanga 4 out of 5 stars. \n\nChurro 5 stars. \n\nClean place. Very friendly.
Melissa and Josh were terrific. So friendly and helpful and very knowledgable. We had a great experience and will gladly recommend this store to others!
Food is good for a 24 hour place. A little pricey but would definitely come back. Walking into the restaurant the aroma makes you hungry.
Came here for a double shot of espresso.   Very clean taste and liked the smoothness of the espresso.    Can't go wrong and it's close by the office!
Highly recommend. A little pricey but a unique menu and wonderful service.  Try the \"tacos\". Ask for Phillip.
Went in for a gel pedicure on my lunch break and they charged $20 for pedicure and another $20 just for the gel?!?! Won't be going back there again.
Love this place, very clean and good service... first time coming and I totally will came back!!
Bel endroit  ! Assez petit mais bien pour assister  à  des concerts de jazz.  Bon cocktails  !
I went there for a nice style with layers.  The stylist chopped it up like crazy.  All I can do is where a hat until it grows out.
sooooooooo goooooood!!!! One of the best restaurants in phx - it's my third time here this week!!! ADD A 'LADA!!!!!
Awesome lunch spot.  Turkey mango sandwich and mac was fantastic.  Fast and perfect service at the bar.  Every dish has a nice surprise to it.  Definitely coming back.
Delicious food and a wonderful patio. Many items to choose from on the menu. Great service
Come here on my lunch break almost every day! I love their Carne Asada Torta, or their carne asada tacos! And they have a $6 lunch special!
Really good food here. Cute atmosphere as well. Mongolian beef is perfect. The hot and sour soup is also pretty good! Wish there were combos that included soups though.
Food is excellent - staff is polite & helpful. \nAtmosphere is relaxing. We would recommend Pita Kitchen and will be a repeat customer.
Best pizza I found thus far. If you from the East Coast, you will love this pizza. Sauce reminds me  Brooklyn!
I've only been here once. The food was average. The service was great.  The banana Margarita was unbelievable!
Fastest customer service I've ever received at a post office. The place was clean and in a good area.
This place continues to go downhill. Service is slow and food is below average. It used to be much better. What happened?
A \"glass\" of wine is filled a quarter full not going back too many great places in suburban L V
I found a fly in my screwdriver. I drank it down and then pointed out the fly and got another drink 10\/10 service.
Turnaround was fast, the quality of the work was excellent, the facility was clean, and service was friendly. Would use again.
Was really lookin forward to tryin this place out.  The burger was nothing special... and overpriced.  \nShake shack does a better job than this joint.
WORSE service I have ever received in a restaurant.  Food was just ok.
Awesome spot! Try the Charlie Brown sandwich, it's great on an onion roll.
BEWARE-This place gets busy durring dinner.  The staff are high energy, kind and willing to assist you if its your first time. The sashito peppers appetizer is the best!
Favorite sushi place. Has been going there often in last four years.  Their signature haru sushi is the best.  The place is also an affordable place for students.
Bon café, bel espace, je recommande!
Best bagels in Vegas, hands down! It aint NY but its pretty damn close!
It's old, has a funny smell and hardly ever clean. Chicken sandwich was over cooked and dry. This was July 2018
Very friendly service and the lamb wrap was fantastic.
Friendly environment and staff. Tables for gaming. Televisions for watching. They also have coffee and tea...and it's GOOD! Really good!
$5 Tuesdays. The best deal around!  Nice new Cineplex in the area.  They offer all of the first run showings.  Prices are reasonable compared to other movie places.
Good place for something small and healthy to eat. Good wine selection for an airport place.   Will definitely return.
Amazing tender pork  sandwich and the best homemade pies with real whipped cream. You just can't get food like this anywhere in town. The pies are amazing, allof them!
Awesome Lunch this is a Hidden Gem.. telling you never had bad meal yet.. Great service,  awesome bartender.great appetizers. .good prices.
This is our favorite Indian restaurant in the valley. Very nice staff, great food, and a nice atmosphere. Highly recommended.
Excellent food, cold beers and incredible staff. Can't ask for more, a fantastic place to eat. The Gumbo is out of this world !!!
Closing at the end of November? WTF?\n\nWill there be a new CenPho location opening, i hope??
A place to go and relax and leave stress at the door
The BLT is amazing. (They only have a BELT on the menu, which includes egg. Just ask for a BLT instead.) Four stars for that alone.
The tacos we bought were small, but the meat was delicious.\nVery well seasoned. Better than the restaurant located across.\n\nI will be going back.
Overly complicated meals that fail to impress at a high price.  Understaffed leads to slow service.  Good atmosphere is the silver lining here.
Casual atmosphere, good food, and a great place for a corporate or holiday event! Must See!
Pulling credit without permission, they said they didn't yet equifax is showing a pulling from this BMW dealership
We came in last 15 minutes to order a pizza and the Owner was very friendly and inviting. Engaged  in a great conversation. Pizza was thin, crispy and yummy!
Another restaurant I have gone to 10+ times, typically after Jays games. Steak and service have always been excellent. Just go now!
Great place .... I had some moles checked and a wart removed.... took20 minutes total
In town for spring training and found this place. Great service with a friendly smile. Food was reasonably priced.
Great massage, hit all the tight muscles. Very good customer service. I'd highly recommend this business.
Dr. Goldring and his Team are absolutely amazing!! I've been coming here for a while now and refuse to go anywhere else :)
Greatness! Received a fair price over the phone. Guys showed up on time and were friendly and professional. Fantastic experience. Would definitely recommend them and would use again.
Great food, fun drinks, good specials.  Expensive otherwise.  Brussel sprout nachos, tacos, and elote dip.  Top notch.
This is one of the best dining experiences I have ever had- service, food, ambiance, everything was THE BEST.\nDon't miss it!
Very disappointed! Overpriced on Char Siew and Roast pork if you get them together on a small plate. What's even worse is the taste gone downhill!
Wonderful family owned place.  True authentic Italian that is not overwhelmingly savory, can have for dinner or lunch.
Good customer service. But food is just ok.  Only one table in the back. Booths are small uncomfortable for big people. Probably won't go back
http:\/\/www.charlottestories.com\/10-worst-charlotte-restaurant-health-scores-july\nNumber 2...
Great friendly service at this location. Burgers are solid. A little on the pricy side for a burger fix but hits the spot.
Authentic Ramen, one of my favorites on the menu. Service is Amazing! Food 5\/5 Service 5\/5
I work directly across from here and love going here during my lunch hour with co-workers. Great place and great neighbors!
Great pork belly, fantastic miso.  If you like spicy get the Ono sauce.  Japanese-southern fusion, delicious.  Appetizers are fantastic, favorite is the Brussels sprouts.
Red Velvet Brownie is probably my new favorite dessert!
Mimosas!! Worth the money! We drank our morning away... Great service!! Bacon was mouth watering and I personally loved the corn beef hash...
Food is very good but the negative is that there is almost always a very long line. 45 minute wait on Sunday morning at 8am.
Excellent service and delicious food! The duck fat loaded fries and pesto deviled eggs were delicious. We will definitely be back!
I am impressed with the professionalism of Martin. He gave a five star service. He gave tips on how to maintain plumbing. He cares.
We came to the opening and really enjoyed the beer! We were greeted by the owner and the service was awesome :)
Eh. Pretty clean. Hardly any toppings to choose from. Expensive for what it is. Cookies are not very fresh. No desire to return.
Tasteless and  expensive. $12 fruit plate tastes like plastic. And took 30min to prepare an omelette...
Poulet: Piquant. Cuit aux charbons; cuisson toujours parfaite. Tendre. Excellent! Sauce de cuisson...miam!! \n\nPoutine au poulet: la sauce est excellente. Vraiment très rassasiant!
Great experience, Aaron did an excellent fade with line. Booked an appointment, I got in at the exact time we booked. Seamless and easy.
Best Mexican food in the East Valley!  Dining in or take-out, service is always very good.
Friendly and helpful staff.  The owner throws great events at the store.  Everything from parties to adoptions.
Great service! I got the farmhouse breakfast sandwich and it was great. I'd definitely come back again.
First time here with a friend and it's truly authentic thai, one of my new favorite thai spots
I have been buying pet supplies from the Via Linda location for over 2 years. Staff is always friendly and knowledgeable! Keep up the great work!!
Feels like the neighborhood coffee shop, great atmosphere, delicious coffee, and friendly people! Best place for people watching!
Mark did an excellent job on my carpets. All the stains we couldn't get out are now gone. I'll definitely be using them again!
17 people waiting in line to rent cars, 2 COUNTER ATTENDANTS working! I have sat in line for nearly 20 minutes already
Service was sub par at best. They over charged us and then gave us attitude when we tried to contest the check.
This Target is great.  Super organized & clean.  The employees have worked there forever & that usually says something about management.
Great meal, great atmosphere, outstanding service, affordable and on the strip.  Portion was huge.  Old school ambience.
Worst Starbucks ever - starting with an incomprehensible attendant and ending with the disastrous americano that tasted more of burnt rice than coffee essence.
Delicious Thai milk tea popsicles at the taste of Italy festival today! Eat them fast because they melt quick in today's heat
The pizza is good the phily steaks are horrible salads horrible to bad was exspecting way more then what we got!!! Gross
My favourite place! Love the phytosalad, bean burrito and of course the legendary onion rings. It's definitely pricey, but the service is great and the food fantastic!
Amazing, authentic and spicy (if you request)! We love their food and their customer service is phenomenal! They have become a weekly staple in our household.
I have always received a great massage. The amount of pressure is perfect and my problem areas are always focused on and taken care of by Sarah.
Breakfast for dinner is my favorite, and their hillbilly french meal was delicious.
As a child that loves food this place is so delicious and the employees are very sweet and the place is clean and the pizzas are  huge!!!!
The downstairs outdoor dining is wonderful.  The best chile chile rellenos  out there!
I remember stayin here and it was affordable. I give it one more star over the golden spike because gold spike had hidden charges associated with usin the telephone
Great mall!  I'm not sure if it is necessarily outlet prices, reduce some maybe, but not outlet prices. There are a good selection of stores.
Muy buen lugar para comer parrillada, el atendimiemto fue buenisimo,um precio justo por la calidad de la carne,el ambiente muy tranquilo y limpio exelente restaurant famiiar,lo recomiendo
Pilar has been doing my cut and color for years - she is such a great stylist  and always makes my hair look fabulous --
Amazing food, great atmosphere, awesome customer service. Can't say enough good things. Will be back soon!
This place is awesome!!! staff was super helpful and friendly!i felt like part of the family! food is fantastic!! will be here way more!!
Great food for an affordable price. The broth was flavorful and yummy so were the noodles. The food also came so fast although the restaurant was pretty busy.
Fresh food, great service, and reasonable prices. Definitely a nice change of pace from our \"chain\" taco joints.
My first time I had delivery from \"Lucki\" thai they messed up the order and then would not come out and exchange my food.\n\nGuess I was not \"Lucki\"
The groomers are really nice. Never had a bad experience there. Have taken all our dogs there for several years.
Good drinks with daily promotion. Service is ok only. Love the honeydew milk tea. The shop is always busy though but worth the wait.
Lovin this place, awesome atmosphere, good drink prices and sports all around!\n\nPool table, darts and other various arcade games! Definitely recommend here if you love a good dive bar!
Good food, great service. Downside is it's extremely greasy. Other than that, it's a great place.
Great ambiance, great food, great service.  Don't be fooled by the name, it's a nice restaurant!
Not what I expected. The service was soooo slow and the food was just OK .   It took about an hour to serve us our food.
Really good for your money the ceviche tostadas are big and 2 will get you full! And the bacon wrapped jalapenos are delicious, so are the chelada's!!!!100%
Great vegan options! The food is always fresh and prepared well. It can be a little crowded but the atmosphere is fun. One of my favorite places!
Great service and grooming! We have used several groomers in the West Valley and we will definitely be returning here!
Great burgers, I wouldn't say they're over the top best, but they sure are good.
Chicken and pan thai noodles taste good! Delivery was fast.
I don't come here for the nightlife. I like their food! Portions are big, steak nachos and BBQ quesadilla are the things I come for.
Great for breakfast meetings as the food is always good and the service is prompt. \n\nThis is my default for Tempe morning meetings.
Fantastic food and service. Every dish the table ordered was a knockout, particularly the salmon and the pudding.
If I don't wake up tomorrow talk to the colonel. This chicken was horrible. Please don't go to this KFC.
This place has dirty tables, dirty windows, and absolutely filthy washrooms.  Need I say more.  Never again.
Good food. Over priced. Not so much worth the money but continues to find myself going back.
Carne asada fries wasn't bad for del taco will come back man hell ya sh*t bomb shout out the trainees that work there\n\nAlso my music: SoundCloud.com\/damnabad
Great for customer service and food selection. The employees are very accommodating and courteous to customers.
Amazing hot chocolate and a helpful legion of pleasantly nerdy staff to assist in navigating the endless selection of board games. I love this place.
Awesome experience .. professional, fast, no bologna just great service .... 10 outa 10 ...
Nice atmosphere & great beer selection! Bar tenders were very friendly & helpful. We played games & enjoyed a few & had a fun night!
Great beers! Foods ok. But I don't go there for the food. Make sure you have a DD. Tues and Thur $3 after tax beers.
In all accounts, everything is just fine. The best thing about this restaurant is it's location.
GREAT vegetarian options AND corn tortillas! This place rocks your Chiwas! Walk, bike, ride, fly, teleport your way here and enjoy!
Teeth cleaned and all questions answered.\/\/\/Rachel is a very competent, efficient, and pleasant hygienist.
Absolutely fantastic, from the fluffy eggs to the delicious cold brew coffee. I would totally recommend!
Food is awesome! Smaller portions than most Chinese restaurants but still hits the spot! You may have a bit of a wait for your food. Definitely worth checking out.
This used to be a go to for weekend quick breakfast. The service was awful, took forever, food was not correct, unhappy staff and not dog friendly anymore.
The wait time is about a half hour during dinner time.  At least the wait name tags were humorous. The portions were gigantic.  and was cooked to order.
Love the soon tofu soup! They have location downtown and around yonge and finch area. Just happy that have a location further uptown! Best soon tofu in town!
The food is good for AYCE and the service is great, the order is come very quick. And the environment is comfortable.
My 3 year old and I both love it! Affordable, caring staff, and convenient drop in daycare hours.
We have been eating here for over 7 years I think. The Sushi is always very fresh and some of the lowest prices in town.
This is one of my favorite sandwiches !!! I love their great cause too. Try out the caprese.... want more protein? Add grilled chicken to it.
Beautiful experience I love the risotto Rialto and the filet mignon au vin excellent service and reasonable price.\nI recommend this restaurant to everybody else
Tastiest burgers in town. Nothing like the burgers here to feed an appetite. Very high quality meet, drinks, hamburger bar for toppings, TVs. Awesome deal.
Food was very good with nice size portions.  Wait staff did a great job and owner walked the floor checking and keeping things in order.
Can be a bit busy, but really great food.  Many types of sushi in this place's huge menu.
Food was great. Service was good, though it took them a while to take our orders. Waiting line was considerable.
Great spot for coffee and a bite to eat. Food and atmosphere - light, airy and clean. Friendly staff. My favs were the gravlax and PB & B.
Ate at Woodlands for the first time last night. Wonderful and interesting food, combined with great service. Best Indian restaurant I've found in Charlotte.
Good price but ramen is so bland. Servers are nice. Restaurant still seems very popular.
fantastic!
This convention center is gigantic in size.\n\nAfter walking around the exhibitor area the walk seemed like a mile walk around the perimeter of the hall.
My father needed to use this a product that valley respiratory provides and he said the process was smooth and the rep was very helpful.
Great, friendly service! I have only dropped packages off to this location (have not used shipping services they provide) but I'm always greeted with a smile!
Cool spot, haven't checked out the food yet, but great drinks and they did a nice job on the remodel, these guys are professionals
Cremini Mushroom pizza not cooked enough in the middle, shredded cheese not melted. $17.
Interesting experience, not that pleasant experience with customer service provided by Cailey and Katie. Maybe we should have explored others.
Gina is the best! She knows how to connect with patients and does everything she can to help! The facility is clean and the staff is super friendly.
Lemmie gave me a great massage, equivalent to the one I pay three times as much for at Massage Envy.
Good little local score!! Clean basic restaurant w\/ really good food backed up w\/ great service.
My favorite Mexican raspado place! There service is alright could be better but the food is AMAZING highly recommend going it's better than any other raspados
Went here for the first time this weekend to Watch a UNLV Volleyball. Nice facility.
We ate here three times on vacation.  Breakfast is great.  Lunch is good.  Big portions and great food.  Love it.  Don't pass this place up.
Lisa is great. Easy to schedule same day appointments. Creative and personable she does a great job of listening to what the client wants and executes it perfectly.
Amazing food and even better service!! Every employee was very helpful in ensuring we had a wonderful meal and experience!
I had the jerk wings and they were fantastic. They were cooked to perfection and they were bursting with flavor. I already can't wait to have them again
I recommend Farida. I've never got my eyebrows threaded before today,she made me feel more confident and less nervous. She understood what I wanted and executed it perfectly.
They had me at buffalo enchiladas with Christmas sauce.  Their salsa is spicy and delicious!  Their handmade tortillas are very good.
Typical tourist attraction......but definitely a must see!  It never gets old for me and I've literally seen it a dozen times! \n:)
My favorite pizza spot in Chandler. New York style pizza that requires a fold while eating
Just finished eating pizza here. It was awesome. Very reminiscent of pizza from NY and NJ. Wish we had an NYPD in grand rapids, Michigan! Please...
I had a wonderful time last night during the Champagne tasting, the pairings were on awesome!  I am looking forward to the next tasting! Thank you!
This place is next to my work so it's convenient. The staff is friendly and always willing to help. Definitely recommend this place
Great customer service. Fish was not that good and not a lot of variety. The food was just basic.
Amazing from start to finish. It is very pricey but you truly get what you pay for, delectable and delicious. Great service, food, and wine.
Classic spot. \n\nService is usually great. \n\nLunch is great. They bake their own bread for the club sandwich.\n\nWine selection is awesome.\n\nCoffee is not good. Get a tea.
The best sushi I have ever had and Geronimo was the best waiter, made amazing specialty cocktails.
Mama C's Lox are always a wonderful way to start the day. The staff is pleasant and quick even when there is a line out the door.
Pizza and wings were good. Service and atmosphere friendly. Would definitely come back.
Alyssa. Thanks for the excellent service. We enjoyed our meal as always. She was gracious in taking our order and the food came out perfect.
Very good sushi. Enjoyable. The wait was shorter than we were told. Extensive menu. A ton of choices. Would go back.
Unbelievable fresh Mexican. Flavorful and great guys running the place. It's a must go place!
Very good food and excellent prices.  We were pleasantly surprised by the food and fast service. Flaming feta was excellent and the gyro platter was excellent.
Can't beat their Cajun omelette. Absolutely the best breakfast for the money anywhere in the Phoenix area. I wouldn't be afraid to bring anyone here.
I must say these guys are really great. Jason and Melvin were awesome. Got the job done today within the time anticipated. Highly recommended!!!
Such a find if you live in the Islands or any where around. Solid draft selection, good food and great service. I will certainly be back!
Great service! I'll be back next year. Thank you so very much for all your har work. Molly
Reviewing the service on a Monday.  Great service, good table, fantastic house cab, Halibut was delish, TRUFFLE FRIES...to die for.  We'd go back.
Always good food and brew. Service was fast and attentive.  Happy hour starts at 3 M-F.
What a great dinner spot. Our server was an absolute delight. Service was fast and friendly. Food was excellent. Will definitely be back.
The staff was very pleasant and made getting teeth done an adventure rather than boring and painful.
The Carrot Cake is absolutely amazing!!    Great food and the staff is great.   Would recommend to anyone looking for great service and delicious food.
I love this place! Greatest invention is the sushi burrito! Twin dragon burrito is amazing.
It's like going over to you Persian aunt house for dinner.  Family run, excellent service.  Try the stews!\n\nSomehow the prices went up, still good but pricey.
Je n'ai pas trouvé la glace très bonne meme si les gouts sont originaux. Il y a beaucoup de queue à certains moment. Ça ne vaut pas l'attente
Great job! Nice staff and quiet environment, also they have a huge variety of shellac colours!
Fist time trail ride experience is awesome! Michael and Ashely are patient and gave great advice during the ride. Friendly and must give a try place!
Excellent breakfast, service was impeccable, well managed and will definitely be back! Benny Florentine was amazing!
Always fresh and friendly, staff stays right on top of things and the kitchen is always spot on
This is a great spot, good food good atmosphere. A little overpriced but all in all a great place to go for a bite and some drinks.
I LOVE this place; their style, quality and prices.  We go there a lot and always recommend them to our friends.
Sandwiches were geeat, I got the philly cheese steak and my wife got the Godfather which looks even better.
I come here one a week with my bestie! On Thursday they have a good wing deal and my favorite  $3 long island ice tea's!!!
Pros:\nLarge variety of toppings\nClean\nLocal artwork adds to the atmosphere\nFriendly service\nVegan options\nOrganic\nCons:\nMango and coconut isn't flavored enough\nA bit bland\nLimited flavors\nA little pricey\nLimited parking\n\nWe would come back again
FREEZING COLD and the Jumbotron was off and on during the whole George Strait performance
This place was amazing!!!  Great food and atmosphere. Definitely come here again.   Waiter Fred was great.
Some of my favorite authentic Italian food in Medina. Went here recently for my daughters birthday and boy was it delicious. There's even a bar attached!
Sparkling is always the best. Come and try it! It's reasonable price and great service as well.
Great space but worst.service.ever; when I voiced this, no apology or acknowledgment.  Last straw when management couldn't even find server for 10 minutes!! Still no apology from them either.\n#getittogetherhollander
I've eaten all around the Mediterranean and this place did not disappoint. Levrek was as fresh as you'd find in Istanbul. Highly recommend it.
Customer service and the Triple B burger was the best.  Highly recommend this burger and the floor manager made sure my family was well taken care of
Great prices during their \"big bottle weekend\" and the flavors are pretty good as well.
Great place for a date or someone who loves old school pinball. All the money is for charity and run by volunteers.
great variety and pretty good prices.
They are a little on the expensive side. I like their chicken dish. The lamb was disappointing. The rice is a bit dry. The staff are very nice though.
Very delicious! You won't miss the meat.  The Singapore tofu rocked. Everything smelled great and the service was wonderful. I will be back with the vegetarian children!
This an awesome zoo it's free and plenty of animals to look at!! I spent 4 hours here so it's worth it.
Really needs a renovation. Stayed in 2007 and came back in 2011. Nothing has changed and I doubt it ever will.
Food was okay service okay. Personally think the toppings were too heavy causing the pizza bottom to be a tad saggy.
Breakfast portion is really small compare to other Hong Kong style restaurants at similar price range. \n\nFood is either tasteless or too greasy.
This place is awesome, add your own meat, veggies, and noodles! Everyone was ubber nice and the grill guy even flipped his spatulas like crazy!
I got the sausage lasagna, and I loved every minute of it. The 4 dollar mimosa's were. Pretty good deal too!
Best service I've ever had at sushi restaurant, waiters explain what each price of sushi you receive is, 10\/10 will definitely recommend
Yummy quality Mexican food. Love coming here. Everything on the menu is a decent price. Two people could eat for under 30 bucks.
Good food, fast.  Cannot have any complaints about this place.  Food made to order and you can watch the action.  Good price and fresh.
I frequently stop in here on my way home from work when I need to ship out a package. Staff is always friendly and helpful.
Worst food ever . Cod basically had no taste . service was nice but stay away if you expect good food .
\"Hot\" and new is so appropriate for this place! Great food, very spicy. It just needs better music...you listen to commercials for half your mean.
Une attente de 45 minutes et des œufs bénédictines pas assez cuits et un café qui goûtait l'eau.
Amazing. Costumes, Theatrics, Music, you name it, it was great.  really fun show.
It was like traveling to Arabia, but in my mouth. Delicious. \n Also, Turkish coffee. Turkish coffee is fantastic.
I had the Gump Salad. It was delicious! I'll be back. It was my first visit.
Great meal had pork someone else had the monkfish and the venison and shrimp suRf and turf. Wonderful flavor profiles and bring your own wine.
Nihari was amazing i went there twice for that , a little overpriced but the staff was great.Also ordered chicken tikka and seekh kabab which was also nicely done.
Love these kind of restaurants. No frills classic hk wonton noodle soup are great price. Really hits the spot. Help yourself to tea. Cash only.
Rarely ever a line and excellent customer service! What more can you ask for?
Such a cozy place\nNot crowded at all\nGood for studying\nThe environment is also amazing
Bomb AF. The staff was super friendly and the food was delicious and very fresh. Highly recommend this place!
Dank as hell \n\nI'd smoke all the employees out with one huge joint the size of my head to show them how much I appreciate the food
Awesome brunch. Had the spanish hash and loved it. Almost as legit as the best brunches in Seattle.
Very good BBQ!!! Went there around 3pm there was no line. Definitely going back again!
Awesomeness. Came from out of town and this place crushed it. Great service. Fantastic food. We'll be back for sure!
My favorite restaurant in Charlotte! Their food is fresh, filling, nicely plated, and delicious! I honestly dream about their chicken tacos... yes they are that good.
If only I had written this review sooner. \n\nSadly, Propaganda spreads style to the masses no more. This store closed at the beginning of April.
I love this place! So nice, clean, and the people are so awesome. I recommend the snoh for sure and if you're really hungry, a bricktoast!
Excellent experience.  Totally would recommend this place.  It was a first for us and I would do it again.
Nothing wrong with this hut since the menus were expanded. Love the individual pies that you can build yourself. Staff very nice. Cost inexpensive too.
Food and cocktails were excellent. Service for brunch was inattentive and slow.
The New York steak was pretty good and the server was super nice. Pretty quick service and nice atmosphere.
Best deal in town. Great quality full body reflexology that left us feeling relaxed and energized, feet relieved and headache gone!
Ordered the cookie monster and it was nothing special. Just regular cookie dough ice cream with blue food colouring. That makes your lips and tongue blue.
The easiest mortgage refinance I've ever experienced!  Adam Kearney, Dennis Zicha, and Kathy Gifford provided excellent service every step of the way!  Thank you so much!
Took a family bike ride here. Good stuff! Friendly staff and great selection!
It's been several years since I went to this theatre. This location was not over crowded, and was much cleaner than my usual Red Rock Theatre choice.
This place is great!  They have the best homemade soups and dressings. I just wish they had longer hours so I could eat there more.
debating not moving for fear of being a few miles further away from defalcos.  Best pizza, sandwiches, and everything.... oh and the cheese steak is a MUST.
Great lanes and super clean for a bowling alley :) good environment and fun when they turn the lights out. The beer pitchers don't hurt either
This is not a sports bar as they can only show one game on ALL of their TVs.  And out of several beers. Real disappointing.
One of the worst pork tacos I've had. It was literally a slab of fat. On the other hand, the carne asada fries were very good.
Horrific wait times, we were just told at the drive thru that it was going to be 10 minutes to even get to our order, avoid this place.
Always delicious. Eat in and take out. Great service. Great food! Never disappointed. The BEST souvlaki and the best baklava in town!
I have attended twice now & I've enjoyed myself each time. It was therapeutic, fun, and an overall nice atmosphere. It's great to do for any occasion really!
Awesome place to hang out and have a beer but the food pretty blah. Seems like most of it is frozen.
Spacious, nice ambience, friendly waiter, good food.. plentiful food, i had to carry home a box.
Food review: awesome, hand-packed, not-frozenHUGE burgers. The mini was even huge! Order a few burgers, tater tots and wings to take home to the family...
This place is filthy inside, if you want to wash your hands you have to get a code for bathroom door from front staff. The food is so over-salted
Love their flaffel bowl here! Joe is so friendly and staff is nice here. Good portion and good prices! Definitely a nice healthy option too!
Best everything bagel!!   Just stopped in and ...WOW they were great.  Good service and great Bagels.
I love shopping here, much better than the local grocery stores.  This is my main reason for going out here.
It is so awesome! We really love it! Definitely a super fun summer activity! Can't wait to come back again! We love extreme air!!
Awesome place for brekky and great service. Only downside is the wait to get a seat as the place is so popular ! Highly recommend.
They overcharged us by $3 on a salad then when confronted charged us automatic gratuity. First time there, never again!
this place was awesome. the best eal I had in vegas.
You would think something that has MGM on it would be excellent quality. It wasn't that good at all. Not worth the money or calories. Don't go here!
They snaked us on meat portion and sauce. It caused the food to be really dry and plain. Sauce it up and you'll meet the other locations standards. #toolittlesauce
Poor customer service, lack of care given to customer consent, really bad piercing job... By far the worst experience at a piercer.
I loveeeee their bagels! Every time we go to Montreal, we have to get their bagel!! I wish they were in Toronto too!
Food was good, service bad.... Nice server, but he forgot about us. We waited for an hour after we fin eating to het asked desert...
Good food, but comically small portion sizes if you order takeout. $10 for a half-full takeout container of pasta is more than a little absurd.
I love their donuts. They are the best! I don't go anywhere else for donuts after having tried these honestly. 10\/10 would recommend.
This restaruant has very tasty food at reasonable prices and the service is very fast.
A great addition to the area which is lacking in pubs. The atmosphere is good, great beer selection and good food.
Seriously??? This food is ridiculously fantastic!!!  Service the same.\n...i moved away for almost 2 yrs and David & Lisa remembered me...So impressed!!!
worst dry cleaners ever! do not bring your clothes here if you want them back! do not bring your clothes here unless you want them ruined! awful customer service!
This place offers unique chocolates.  \n\nSome of my favorite ones were the Piment and Safran.\n\nGood place to drop by when in town.
Sweet and healthy cravings have been satisfied! The fruit is fresh and the bowls are the perfect consistency. Third time here, and won't be my last!
Best pizza ever. Fast delivery. Consistent quality. Fun to be able to order other indulgences from the same place.
Amazing!! Facials and massages! I look forward to the hour and half getaway each time!!
Always come here for tofu soup. They have couple of locations around GTA. This location is one of the better ones. Food taste nice and price is cheap.
First time getting this type of massage, it was intense but very well worth it. I can only handle the intensity maybe once a month sit every other.
Been coming 20yrs! Only thing that changes is the menu and the size of the joint keep getting bigger!
Great variety!   I only tried two, but the cake doughnuts were dense and creamy.  The toppings were fun and delicious.  I rivals Portland's Voodoo Doughnuts!
Love this particular outlet, yeah... they don't pay crud for used items but these employees are top notch.
I love this place. Great Vietnamese food and affordable. Would pick it over any restaurant on the strip anytime. Must try their banh mi.
Good food fun vibe.  Bison and short rib enchiladas, very good.  Lava sauce actually hot!! Bueno Buebo.   Small parking lot but a must try.
This place isnt the nicest looking however the food is fabulous \nPrices are great \nFamily ran \nLove this place
First time and service was extraordinary, they took me in right away and the staff is very pleasant. Will come back
Great real Mexican food, salsas are fresh and delicious and they have real fruit drinks. Will definitely be back to this place!
Best bloody Mary's ever!!!! Breakfast was excellent and the wait staff is super cool!!
Sushi burrito was a huge let down. Definitely not worth $10z.  teriyaki combo was pretty cheap and sauce was way to heavy.
Best service in town.  TV's everywhere so there isn't a bad seat in the place.
Friendly service, and great food! The country potatoes were perfectly cooked, and my chorizo, egg , and potato burrito was excellent.
Love the crepes, fresh fruit and whipped cream!  Chocolate dipped cheesecakes, and great service.  Very family friendly place.
This review is for my wife. What the hell happened to Billy???????
Not sure why we don't come here more often.  Food and service was great!  I'm always impressed with the specials.
There was a 4 minute delay bringing one of the dishes, maybe their POS needs upgrading?
Because if you're not winning, you're LOSING aaaaand I'm always winning. With that said, i ordered a beer there. \n\nGo get yourself a winning drink if you're flying United!
Good Bacon N' Egg place, waffles are great. Service is super fast and very good price. Wish the coffee was better.\nCoffee 2.5\/5\nService 5\/5\nFood 4\/5\nAmbiance 4\/5
The double chocolate cupcakes have a sublet coffee taste that is utterly divine. My wife swears the Nanaimo bar is amazing too.
Cover charge for Saint Patrick's day?! \"oh it's for the specials\" which weren't that good anyways. Okay bye we'll go elsewhere. #displeased
The dentists and staff at Brennan Dental are wonderful! Extremely professional and actually care. I highly recommend them and will not go anywhere else!
Loved this place. Everything made to order. Handmade tortillas. Had the asada,  the pastor and the taco-chiwas. Hands down a must eat.
Everyone at noble cleaners is extremely helpful and they do a great job.  I use them at my home and recommend them to everyone who asks.
Update: they recently renovated and did a wonderful job! More seating and a nice look and courtesy scheme. Great job! Still the best burger in town!
It was our first time there, had a great meal, service was outstanding, they were very accomidating about every thing that we ordered, going back real soon
Not a fan of guy fieris restaurant the menu for the after hour was very limited and for some reason I think everything has BBQ sauce
Wow. It's a must try in Phoenix. Everything melts in your mouth. Don't even need their amazing sauce for any meat.
Our second trip to Guy's and it was great again. Two of us had the Mac-n-cheese burger and best burger ever. Great fries too good service all good.
Love chipotle! This one has the slowest line in town!Not well staffed!
They did great work.  Staff was friendly and took the time to draw up a custom design.  Pretty expensive for small\/simple tattoos.
One of my favorite restaurants great service and the food is delicious, . I found the establishment to be very clean. Enjoy my visit to BLD.
Chino Bandito is a great takeout place to eat! Prices are reasonable and they always have your food fast. Get
Jeff, Vinny and DJ you guys rock! No pressure, fair price, great service and a Beautiful car! What more can I say? I'm definitely a repeat customer!
Very good authentic French food home style frites are out of this world, desert was awesome as well. Will def. be returning! Highly recommended!
Worst service. Pizza delivery took 2 hours. Was wrong. Took another hour to correct and send out. Pizza had no cheese. This location is the ultimate failure.
been enjoying the chicken club pizza for over 5 years now , its always excellent , consistency matters!
Very nice little bakery. Decorated with heart. The sponge cake is exceptional! If you need a quick, yummy, easy breakfast or break from busy main strip, come here!
what you would expect to find.  Fries were not greasy.  Sausages were typical.  Local beers available.
MOST DELICIOUS TEXAS BBQ EVER! And this is coming from someone who was raised in San Antonio.
Nice place for dinner and drinks. Good service, good food. Kind of fancy... white cloth over the tables n that whole deal. Pasta pistachio is delish.
Awesome selection of stuff you don't see anywhere else.  Love the needlepoint gamer stuff.
been seeing and using Maria for years for laser hair removal.  very detailed and does a great job.
this is a great taco shop they have taco Monday instead of taco Tues there tacos are 2 to 3 on Monday great deal and good food
Very good! The food was tasty and fresh! \nAs a vegetarian, it's so nice to be able to choose anything on the menu! We will definitely be back!
Love, love, love BLD!  Love Bill!  This place won't disappoint.  Food is great, drinks are amazing!
Good food just wish the portions were a little larger.
This best bbq in the state so far, the beef ribs are the size of a brontosaurus, Beef brisket and pulled pork are melting your mouth
This Thai food is amazing. The service was somewhat slow, but well worth the wait. The curry is delish and the soup divine. Overall yumalicious!
Love this place. Authentic Persian food. Friendly staff. Very simple and straightforward menu to choose from for non- Iranian customers.
The New Texas Brisket From Arby's Is Delicious \nRecently Took A Trip To Dallas With My Wife And The Bar-B-Q Brisket  Down Tastes The Same.\n Thumbs For It
Had the breakfast buffet yesterday.  It was really good and we went at 10:40am so we paid the breakfast price but also got the have lunch too!
We came in and tried the new footlong pastrami sandwich. It is awesome and the service was outstanding. Give him a try the prices are also very good
This place is great when you want really good pizza that doesn't weigh you down. The salad is also fantastic.
This place is very relaxing and bowls are amazing. A very good treat especially with this summer heat. I recommend the Very Berry and the Ocean. So delicious!!!
These people at Wolfgang Puck really can read minds. They know when to be at your table. Awesome service, awesome food
$14.00 for a 20 pound bag of good birdseed!  I love it! Cornstalks have arrived too.. always offer great seasonal items.  Important to shop local people !
Orange chicken was amazing and kung pao was amazing hot sour soup fresh white rice good best Chinese I've had ever!
Great place to dine when at the MGM. Good pasta and average pizza. A bit costly but it's ok.
Wonderful! Nothing like the usual Americanized chinese restaurants. Soups are incredible and vegetables are fresh. I will definitely return!
Great office. Friendly chiropractor that did great. I would definitely recommend them.
I love this place!  Good Menu and delicious food and ambience.  If you bring a child make sure they are manageable.  They do have burgers for children.
Best BBQ in Arizona.  Period.  Austin, Texas ain't got nothin on us.
Chris Hull from Home Pride Inspections does a fantastic job. Extremely thorough and provides a detailed report with photos and explanations of each item. True professional.
Love the sake at kobe sushi bar had 3 already with dinner . All you can eat is best value in town.
This particular location does a great job every. Service and Food keep me is coming back once a week, Sometimes twice
Great buffet, excellent food and beverage selection, helpful and friendly staff!\nPricey ($34.99), but worth it!
Bartender, Jerry, took great care of me. He recommended the date\/jalapeño pizza. Incredible! Highly recommended!!
Awesome, awesome food and even better customer service! The atmosphere was light and fun. A nice break from the crazy strip outside
Great comfort food for the soul. Enjoying the patio seating. Had the nachos and they are amazing!
simple lunch menu with delicious ingredients.  Fresh and healthy.  Great atmosphere and surroundings. Tomato bisque soup was fantastic.  A definite return trip.  Great date spot.
À découvrir! Nouveau petit resto à Montreal dans un coin qui manque de bonne cuisines (aka, le centre-ville). J'ai adoré le nougat glacé aux amelanchiers! Tellement bon!
I ordered a sandwich through door dash. The food was great, except for a metal wire in my sandwich.
C'est grand.\nC'est un peu bruyant.\nC'est pas mal.\nMais c'est surtout beaucoup moins bien que L'Avenue !
If I could give Ashley a million stars, I would.  She is hands down THE BEST.  Just make the appointment, you will not be sorry.
just picked up take out order...literally had 3 small pieces in my order chicken my entree....owner must be CHEAP...sticky fingers..
I've had both breakfast and lunch here. Both very good. Service was great. Location and ambiance is great too. Manager's are very friendly and supportive of other local businesses.
Chef Emiliano is off the charts, authentic Italian culinary experience with service that was best-in-class. Awesome!
Ambience 5 stars\nLocation 5 stars\nService 5 stars\nFood 5 stars for the chicken 3 stars for the bacon wrapped filet - where is the flavour?
The pollo mole is well worth the trip out here.  Service friendly and quick, lots of my favorite dishes on the menu.
Great supplies! I could not find a certain screw ANYWHERE and I finally went here and they had it! Super super impressed. 5 stars!
Love this store! Great service & Friendly staff. We will never shop at the big box stores for feeder bugs for our beardie again.
Coffee was ok. Looks like a Starbucks but just uses their product stars awarded.
I this place is delicious, ordered the chicken enchiladas and it was amazing! Good came fast and was still hot.
Always great food and service. Bar staff is fantastic. I love this restaurant. I would recommend if you haven't tried before, that you stop by!
Best hookah bar in Tempe a must try for true hookah fans. Management is incredibly friendly and the coals are proper :) can't wait to come here again.
Best ice cream shop in the valley. Interesting flavors and fair prices. The line can get long, but it's worth it.
Excelente servicio, se tardaron en servir pero estaba llenó.  La comida estaba sabrosa. Y los meseros atentos, siempre pendiente a si necesitábamos algo.
Awesome , great experience.  Got exactly what I asked for. Salvador was a true professional.
Cute place.  Very clean. Everything seemed fresh and homemade.  Full of flavor.  Even the lemonade was delicious.
Always the best service and best tacos in town !!! PLUS YOU CANNOT BEATH THE PRICE ANYWHERE... I've eaten at almost taco place in az and no taco compares
The food is edible, but nothing to rave about.\nThe prices are a bit high for what you get.\n\nOther places have better food at half the price.
Incredibly friendly service and delicious food. Clean modern ambiance.  Will be back soon!
Interesting. Glad to see something different and support a vegas business that has a good concept and business plan.
A excellent medium cooked burger, with pastrami and super delicious O rings. \n\n24 hours of eating\n\nFree souvenir picture \n\nAnd firepit lounge in the back....strong drinks
If you wanna go for Sunday all you can eat brunch, it's gone. They changed it to a menu, which is available on their website.
We have been going here for years. Great value!!! We love Renee! She is always happy and helpful.
Really great food. Clean cut atmosphere, very modern. Tasty cocktails. Good for dinner and\/grabbing drinks.
Good quality, fresh food. Great ambiance. Seating inside and out. Great vegetarian options.
I am a regular who has never had a bad experience here. All the food is delicious with large portions. Good variety on the menu also.
Tasty and reliable sushi in Bloor West Village. I always order the double salmon roll - it is my husband (and kids'!) favorite roll!
Unlimited shrimp was YUM. But chef was getting mad that we were eating SO MUCH SHRIMP so they started giving us less shrimp per new plate.
Great place to train!  You'll learn a lot, get some cardio in, and have so much fun doing it all!
Long line aside (which is typical for the one in LA too)....egg sandwiches are high quality.  Worth the wait and enjoyed every bite!!!
OMG the young man at the counter! He's just the sweetest! Customer service is big for me and it was on point! I'll be going back of course!
slow service, and limited beer selection.   \nOverpriced as well, just because its in an airport doesn't mean they should be adding a premium to alcohol.
Excellent chocolate peanut butter pie!! I planned to eat only half, but I  ate the entire thing!!
Excellent food and service. I've been coming here for years and it is always fantastic.
Needed a last minute pants hem, went in and was measured and pants completed all within 10 minutes, im sold!!! AJ you have a new customer. Thanks
Well the service sure does suck. Had to ask for a server. Empty cups. And now can't find her for the check gees people. This sucks.
The sevince lead cannot even tell me as first in line.. 2hour min wait..went to lunch???
Such a cool restaurant! Definitely a must in Vegas. The food is great for brunch or dinner and the fireside lounge is definitely worth a visit.
Best place for breakfast hands down \nYou have to try the homemade jams\nFriendly service fun environment
Laxmi was amazing. Very friendly! My eyebrows look amazing. Will definitely be going back
This place has become go to place. Asif was very courteous to begin with. Kheer (rice pudding) is my favorite thing to eat here.
Poor service (and the place was almost empty), food was whatever. Atmosphere is bland.
Outstanding food in the heart of Hudson.  Chicken and waffles at Sunday  brunch with a bloody mary.  Great service too.
The pizza is cheap and they are normally fast here. They have good customer service and the place is clean. It's also in a good location.
Great place for lunch food! Accomodating staff and very organized service- we will be back!!
By far the best kabob in town. The staff is absolutely fantastic. They treat you like you are at their home.
Carpets look brand new! I love HydroClean! Staff was very professional, quick, and they pulled out about 4 buckets of dirt! Thank you guys!
I had John the owner here. He did a speedy and excellent job. Very well mannered. I would use them again.
Very upscale atmosphere.  Madison was very professional and gave a wonderful first time facial to my 16 year old niece.
A week after getting acrylic nails done, almost all are lifting. This has never happened to me. I won't return to get my nails done here.
Love the tacos here. They are amazing for a low price. Also a nice atmosphere, good food, lots of varieties to choose from.
Rice and sushi were great. Service was fast and we loved that they had duck sauce !!  \n\nWe will be back
When they say they deliver, they deliver: quality, quantity and speed. Love this place, it's just too pricey from which to order too frequently.
Taylor made the best recommendations after hearing what I normally like (even making suggestions that weren't on the menu)! Delicious food with a fabulous patio dining experience.
Extremely friendly service and delicious guac! Great for groups or just hanging with close friends. The close proximity to other bars\/clubs makes it a great central location
My new favorite spa- open on Saturday and the staff and providers are amazing! Love this place!!
The food is delicious and well worth a visit. I'm hoping for a franchise in Indiana!
Omg the Mac n cheese recommended by the bartender was so great! Dan kept the beer flowing during happy hour too. Such great service can't wait to come back!
Sitting at the bar on outdoor patio with a beverage and Brussel sprout nachos seems like a dream.  Simply delicious!
We've been using Pep Boys on Bell for years. Always helpful, great service, and reasonable prices.
I didn't like it. The staff was friendly and quick. I went for breakfast it didn't impress me. For what I paid it left a lot to desire.
Great food, the chicken and waffles is amazing!!! And ask for Sean he was great....best service in Vegas!
Cool place to eat. Not much of a Mexican Food eater, however the shrimp taco was really good
This place is incredible!! All the best and freshest ingredients that you wouldn't even imagine!! And the server josh is freaking entertainment!!! Great dude!
Stay away from this place. It's disgusting... the service sucks!! Waited 30 minutes for a drink and it wasn't even busy!
Had the El Camino burger.  Best burger I've ever had.  Everyone at our table was thrilled with their dinners.   Our waitress Lola was fabulous!
Very disappointed! Ordered delivery, food was cold and bland.  Worst general TSO chicken ever tasted.
Awesome place. Best pizza in Arizona! Can't recommend enough! Will add rest of review later.
Our dinner was wonderful.  Tasty Ribeye with all the fixings.  Wonderful visit with Bob's sis and friends.
My son and I had the pleasure of some amazing pork and brisket sliders. It was all awesome and I would strongly encourage anyone to try it out.
Always delicious burgers and shakes. My son loves the hot dogs too. Staple food in Stow. Get the galley boy and enjoy
Garlic Doughnuts and house made jerky a must! Super friendly and not stuck up, which is hard to find on King Street!!
The fajitas were flaming...the marg's flowing...above average Mexican...excellent service last night!
I've only gone here once and got the veggie lo mein... It was terrible. Seriously could hardly eat it. Wouldn't go there again.
The sushi is excellent! Try the oh my god roll and the sushi combos! Also the nicest staff and quick service. Overall great experience!
Will never go anyplace else. Dr Watson really cares for her patients and will do all she can to help you.
Best guy To go to for all screen repairs. Took less than a half hour and did a great job. Would recommend to anyone 10\/10
Been going here forever and is still my favorite pho restaurant. Always order the pho and number 45 for a drink and have never been disappointed!
This is going to be the best sushi ever you have had in your life.... Luxury place, fast and respectfull attitude from staff, awesome sushiiiiiii and steak and.......
Best sliders ever. \"El diablo\" that what they are call. Have to tried them. Fantastic. Great beacon and the dread was amazing. Definitely going back.
Had a great time here on 3\/19\/11!!  Met the nicest people.  Love that you can gamble in the lounge.
Read the other reviews, spot on. I will be back. Small is the same size as a normal Baja Fresh or Chipolte burrito. Good prices, fresh veggies, excellent flavor!
2nd visit for us since we have moved to Carolinas. It is our special place ! Love the atmosphere and the food is the best !!
The kitchen manager personally came out to check on our meal, which was wonderful. The food and atmosphere was nice.
Shouts out to the nail tech Angel !!!! I showed her a picture of what I wanted and she gave me exactly that!!!
I'm always surprised on how fast I get my signs done by Kenny. I have gotten business cards invoices and huge signs all done extremely fast and on budget
as of 9\/25\/14 this restaurant and their new one on gilbert road is closed.
It was good even the raw fish and I hate the raw fish. Purple rice was very good and different
Love the incredible beef brisket, smoke chicken is awesome, sides are great, BBQ sauces amazing.
在国内做得几红火的胡桃里开到离多村，位于士嘉堡warden and finch不太大的mall内。餐厅午市只开靠商场一边的偏厅，晚上才全场开。\n午市有特价粉面餐单，当然也可以散点其他。大餐单系张好大的餐纸，无图文的餐牌。价格少贵，上菜速度ok.烤羊肉串不过不失，喇沙汤底唔够香浓，份量几足，适合两个人分享吃。服务方面还算ok
What can i say. This is the BEST thai food I ever had in AZ!!!!!! \nEverything we tried is good! They even have a thai tea creme brulee!!
Great barber shop! The lady who does my hair and beard is phenomenal. On point every time!
Great lunch buffet for 11.99$! Had a very nice server as well! Loved the Naan made fresh to order and the chicken biryani will definitely return!!
It was an awesome experience! Highly recommended! Loved the iron man section especially. Must see and do.
The worst.....why does yelp expect me to say more..they're awful. The end. Midnight diner is better, cleanee and the staff is nicer
My wife and I come here for date night often.  We love both the specials and the regular menu.  Chicken piccata is great and a good wine list.
Harder than it looks. Beautiful views of the valley! Been there many times always amazed by the view! Wish I lived closer!
perfect location when you need to just run down stairs in pjs or coming back from the club before you head up to your room.
This place is good for friends and family to play badminton.
Love their breakfast burritos.   Large portions small prices\n  Great customer service.
Can't complain, despite the other low reviews, my service at the bar was outstanding. Cobb salad was good as well.
Highly recommended. \nGreat service yummy food very clean. \nFirst time and it was a great experience.    Love it
Everyone at the Summerlin branch is always helpful, friendly and accommodating. They go out of their way to assist members. Tops in their field. Best ONCU office around!!
Omg, this place is great!! The food is delicious and the portions are huge! Service is great and the ambiance is amazing! Will definitely be back!
Delicious, delicious, amazing!!! Gimmie some sugar made our wedding cake and it was out of this world!!!! You have got to try, this place is outstanding!! Thank you all!!!!
Pretty nice place to eat 99% of wait staff is great. The 1% dragged it down to 4 stars.
Very slow service.  The jumbo shrimp for my spinach salad were smaller than my finger. Given the price, I'd probably not dine there again.
I come here all the time and love it. Great food and service at a reasonable price. The $11 PBR pitchers are a nice touch!
Purple rice, fresh sashimi, delicious flavor, friendly staff, and really well priced lunch specials. What more is there to say?
Very friendly. Mango passion was so good. Best I've had in Phoenix. Will be coming next back. Even my mom approved of this place.
One of my favorites!  Margaritas, guacamole, fun atmosphere, and of course the quatros leches cake...can't go wrong.
This place is awesome! Definitely sit outside if it's nice out...hard to beat the rooftop!
Waiting a looooooooong time for the holiday meal was the terrible experience at Christmas night, and the food was not as good as expected!
Delicious sushi and real wasabi.  Went for lunch and wasn't hungry at dinner.  Mochi was a little too melted but still tasty.  Great sushi in the desert.
Bistro Burger was delicious and cooked perfectly. Aside from the hair in the fruit everything was good.
They have the best weekend deals. The worst customer service with stinky food. Never ever will waste my money their.
Awesome corn chowder, wang chung, night in bangkok the owner also threw in a trio of deserts on the house the lemon bar was the  best.
Every time I come to Vegas,I always come here...food is good...servers are friendly..\nAtmosphere is great to relax
Awesomeness... how Bbq should be done , hardwood smoked , great flavor and juicy .. slaw was chopped just right , will be back !!
Excellent service, delicious shaved iced, and huarache loco. Very clean.  The prices were reasonable. I enjoyed it and will be back again.
Family owned, very friendly. The quality is top notch,the size or the rolls are very generous as well as the price but it is soooo worth it
Love homestyle tomato& egg! My favorite dish growing up and I was so happy I found it here. Also the braised pork belly is so good.
Had the chicken wings and an iced tea that came in a fun mason jar. Music was pretty loud but service was good and the bartenders did mad tricks.
My Bichons deserved a lot better than getting groomed here. If you have Bichons, please look for a place that grooms Bichons.  This isn't the right place.
Alaskan Home Services are the best. Reliable, knowledgeable, and informative. Patrick was great!\nE Lord
I order a simple pad Thai I would not say the best I had but was tasty and not heavy at all plus like the service
Loved the broth for the pho and the egg rolls were really good as well! I will be back!
Pho here is really good and the egg rolls are to die for,  very good customer service. Will continue coming time and time again.
Bomb ass taco shop that reminds me of San Diego!  Always stop by when I'm in the area!  You won't be disappointed!
Had their fries and Spicy Caesar. Fries was great! However I felt the spicy Caesar wasn't done well, all I could taste was the clomato juice.
I have been here a few times. No disappointments. The owner is very patient, professional and he gives you good discounts.
Food was great. Service was good and very attentive. Restaurant was modern and sleek. Located in the MGM Grand Casino and Hotel.
Worst service , chicken wings were horrible . Served the Appetizer after the main course complete.
Service was good. Food wasn't. Tasted very greasy and like they have not cleans the fryers in a while. Extremely disappointed. Won't be back....
Superb service, food ! Eat local!!!\nCasual, indoor\/outdoor seating, \nRestaurant full of great decor,  character, very cozy, friendly, warm, what more can I say!!!
This just the cafe not that famous one. The cheese is not that rich, the cake...not bad. Lot of waitresses with \"cute\" small and voice.
Great food! Ask for James, he's amazing and takes customer service to the next level. Everything from the salad to entree are amazing!
Nasty nasty I got really sick after I ate there I strongly  recommend not going there.
Discovering those little termite trails is never a good thing.  This company made everything so very easy.  Excellent service.  Prompt and delightful team.  Fair price.  Highly recommend.
Excellent food and the best customer service I have ever experienced. We definitely found our new pizza joint!
Very authentic food. Friendly staff and never had any issues. We eat here frequently or get it to go as well. For non-chain italian food this is our GO-TO!
Place was amazing! Had The short rib enchiladas - corn side was delicious Definitely coming back for more!! Can't wait
Pretty good in my opinion. Love Jimmy Johns. I always order Club Lulu (#16. You'll thank me later)
This place is sooo cute! Their matcha (green tea) ice cream is soo delish! Best ice cream in Town!!
Food is definitely above average.   Especially because your on an island! \n\nStaff is friendly!  \n\nPrices are insane!
Went here today for the first time today. Was really curious about the place. I walked away satisfied with my tan. The color is incredible.
Excellent experience. Maggie was awesome, knowledgeable and entertaining. The food was perfect, prompt and delicious.
Absolute Rockstar of airport foods.  Fresh, real, and tasty.  The GUS sodas are a nice add.  Great sandwiches and no Sysco glop.
Rani's rocks!!! Super tasty authentic Indian food and a grocery store where you can get the right stuff to make your own. Love this place!!
Great gym w\/friendly staff. Can't get any better than three locations for the price of one.
Still waiting here for almost an hour and there is no f***ing food. Not refilling drinks. Unacceptable. Needs new management. \n\nNot sure how this place stays in business.
Delicious food and drinks! Our server was friendly and suggested some good items for us to try. We will come back to visit!
Excellent sushi and great cocktails, but very expensive. $28 for a rainbow roll?! A little insane.
Ok. I've never been to a Buffett in Las Vegas. We happened upon this little gem. I'm quite happy. $33 a person, unlimited alcohol, great food, yum!
I really enjoyed getting my haircut here, they were super friendly and Sarah was an awesome stylist and had a great conversation with her. Coming back for sure!
Such a wonderful atmosphere...Thank you Kurt and Peggy for bringing your wonderful Arizona wines to Scottsdale! !!  Love the wine and can't wait to visit again!
The service was absolutely amazing! The drinks were very refreshing and delicious. I tried alittle bit of everyone's food and everything was on point!!  I'll definitely be back.
Big portions that enough for lunch and diner ) carrot is pretty nice and spicy! And TZATZIKI is very good and testy
Cleanest jumping place I've been to, prices are decent and it stays somewhat busy, I like their layout.
Very good food and service... most try in las vegas.\nGood combination linguine mare pinot Grigio . Excellent service thanks Fredy!
Have been there multiple times we always recieve excellent service. Great food and good prices!
Super friendly staff ! I love coming here. Also they have a Bitcoin machine. They carry Faygo.
Great place to kick back and have some fresh brewed coffee.
Burrito and Tacos are all beautiful. Perfect match for a Korean-Mexican fusion. Hooked app deals also help so much.
Good food for a sit down restaurant at the casino. Prices were reasonable and the service was good. Great stop.
The food is incredible, the coffee is wonderful, and the hospitality is better still.
I had a great time at Express Mie studio! The instructor was excellent and the atmosphere was fun. I can't wait to go back and take more classes!
Our waitress, Blade, was not only friendly, and kind,  but a beautiful human being and very attentive.  You gotta know anyone with the name BLADE, KICK's ASS! Great establishment!
Great service, friendly people. Very lucky to have such a great LBS in the neighborhood!
While the food was good, the portion for the price left something to be desired. Like, more food.
We had the signature sea bass dish which was amazing! The service was lacking but we would be willing to give this place another try!
Insanely good gelato and sorbet and they have so many options too many to count and they encourage you to take samples. Perfect for after the movies or dinner
We were pleasantly surprised at the freshness, selection and great taste.  Small venue but very clean and very pleasant.  Lots of options to pick from.  Definitely will be back!
Had no plans to stay here but stay we did. Clean and comfy.  Nice owners who checked us in.  Will fulfill our needs for our visit.
Potato, egg and cheese burrito, the RIGHT way to start the morning!!
Great food and good atmosphere, watch the game and have good old fashioned American food.  My favorite the Nevada Dip.
Takeout-their chicken, cabbage and rice noodle soup is really good.  It's one of my go-to places for when I'm not feeling well and need some healthy comfort soup.
Found this place on accident when going to a concert at the blossom music center. Food was fantastic, little pricey but worth it. 10\/10 would go again.
Medium noodle taste good and chewy. I like it. \nLittle dish is good but small. \nThe broth is good.
Fries were gross (hard and tasteless), burger was just ok. Service was excellent or would have been a 1 star review. We will not be going back again.
Red Robin is a pretty good burger place love the A1 Peppercorn burger, milk shakes are good as well
Excellent service and beautifully prepared classic dishes. Service was not rushed, and I liked that. And they have a fantastic wine list to boot. We will be back!
Best beer happy hour period. A REAL pint - 20oz - for $5. Great patio and people watching. How can you go wrong.
Nice bar, but food is horrible, all four of us walked out of there regretting the overpriced bland bar food, should have gone to hash house instead
Good place for some Indo-Chinese food. Loved their street side chow mein and chicken 65. Definitely a must try. Good service.
Excellent service... Have used them for years.  Wonderful one man operation by the nicest guy!
This place takes way too long and staff just ignore you when you ask when your order is coming. Would not recommend.
Saw Angela. One of best massages I've ever had, and I've seen many masseuses over the years. Definitely coming back the next time I'm in town.
Love there pizza, hate the oven taste though on the bottom of the crust. Atmosphere is cool.
Amazing service from a crazy lady, incredible bread dip (it's free, ask for more) & delicious pizza.
Adorable coffee shop on the west side. Very eclectic & comfy cozy. Good music & lots of interesting places to sit. The Frappucchino is really wonderful too.
CLOSED!!!!!! Invalid number! No longer open! Website still up with no contact info. Google map links you to a strip mall and an Indian grocery. BS
Closed.  \"Lettuce Eat\" is in its place inside Monroeville Mall as of August, 2016.
They came and checked out our a.c. unit gave it a all good. Answered my questions and did this all for nothing. Will use again if needed
Fabulous breakfast burritos. You'd be hard pressed to find better ones.
Not the best ambiance sushi bar was average, sushi quality meets 4 star rating lots of specialty rolls. Location little confusing to find, I would consider going back.
Terrible food I've ever had. Such a shame because it's a great place to hang out. Maybe some day they'll get a new chef.
Everything, deli take out, eat in, Italian sausage, spaghetti sauce is delicious.  \n$2.00 per meat ball is outrageous though
The food here is exactly what i expected when i saw the name \"Shitang\". Reminded me of old times.
Good quality but pricey for the amount of food you get. Had to stop at taco bell after I ate here.
I'm a Realtor and chose to live here.  Love the neighborhood and amenities.   Lots of great local options and easy access to the Strip.  HOA is very well managed.
Great experience!  Bought some tires for a good price, had them installed and I'm very satisfied with them.  Very good service.
Love this place it's one of the best! I love it so much I will definitely be back! Customer service is impeccable and the kitchen staff is amazing
Best mexican food in town. LOVE the guadalajara special!!!\nThe service is fantastic!!\nWe are here at least once a week.
I love this place the owners and staff are fantastic  and the bubble tea is amazing. Also the bubble waffles are a must try.
Nice place, nice food, nice view but unfortunately very poor customer service . The waiter was really rude and literally yelled at me. I am very disappointed.
Delicious! I love their Elotes. One of the only places in Champaign where I can find a good elote. Tacos are great! Delivery and online ordering is extremely convenient
Very friendly. Good food. Large portions. Cute place.
Excellent service, great authentic Chinese food without having to drive to China Town. Highly recommend.
Don't eat here, go for the $8 slice of pizza down a little farther. No stars
He was Amazing, the tricks were good enjoyed most of the time in the show, the tickets was really reasonable. Conclusion i Loved the Show.
Eggspectation's caffe latte: half a cup of coffee for the full price... (see my photo published)
Everything from our server, Angelica to the owner, Patricia, as well as, the food (I had the 10\" gluten free, homemade italian sausage pizza) was perfect! I'll be back.
Best fish tacos ever!! Must try the citrus slaw version and the customer service is the best
Amazing. It is so delicious. Very natural and you can try the different flavours first. Very nice and friendly staff. Greets from germany
Kevin and Tien are honest and hardworking people. I take not only my Japanese cars but also my BMW & Mini Cooper to them for repair and maintenance.
Love the selection and brands just bought a couple back packs and a wallet was stoked on my purchases and the service was good
I love the bubble tea!  The Mango is my favorite!  I wish they added more tapioca though.
Vraiment super! c'est un porter votre vin, resto français  avec plusieurs surprise dans vos assiettes. Une fraicheur agréable .Un service impeccable . Table d'hôte  a 44$.
Reliable. They called to tell me they were on their way. Reasonable charges. Great service.
Great coffee shop.  Nice perk (pun intended) was outdoor seating.  Had light roast which was excellent!
Do not let the lack of signage or the small dining area fool you.... The food is SUPERB! Lasagana and Chicken Marsala were fantastic.
First timer here, had a great variety and large portions for a family of 5 with rice included. Will recommend to any Filipino food lover.
Soooooo good. Animal style everything. Whole grilled onion. We need this on the east coast
Omg the food is to die for. I am so happy I stumbled upon this place. This place is AMAZING
Get the rendang beef and DEFINITELY the pandan crepe for dessert
I had mabo ramen and it didn't taste well to be honest. I've had better ramen elsewhere.
The atmosphere was great and we had a super waitress. Way to go Jennifer! She was very polite, attentative and quick.
First time here. My husband was shocked that as many times as I've been to vegas I've never been here. Delicious!!!! And great service! Definately will come back.
Been here a few times. Enjoy their tacos and gorditas.  My favorite filling is their tripe fried crispy, clean and delicious.   Without the Andrew Zimmern barn yard effect.
Really friendly service and great pizza. I alternate between blaze and this place. The plus here is the wheat base. And the buffalo chicken pieces.
Very flavorful entrees and the baba is unbelievable.  \nI've sent many people here and never heard of anyone having a bad experience.
Good ambiance but the food is very mediocre and way way over priced for what it is.
This place is awesome!!!! They gives tons of help and the prices are fair!!! Very good flavors as well. Albert is the best. I
Came in after Panther game. Scallops were excellent, Mac N Cheese really good, sausage plate really good. Nice little place plenty of character.
One of the few that has fish on the menu. Tilapia cooked fresh and added to any burrito or taco. Great place for a quick Mexican fix.
Awesome fresh market with hot bar and deli, great selection and great prices! Organic and fresh options as well as raw juices.
First time client. Hands down some of the best Thai food in Vegas @DavidWong is the man! Definitely will be recommending this location
Been here before but seems like prices have gone up and portions have gone down. Service was ok. We had higher expectations based on previous visits.
Great tacos. I liked the plan again one the best. Chips were a little thin, but the nachos and Brussel sprouts were legit.
The best pizza I ever had, the crust was well cooked and crunchy the topping are fresh and the sauce is amazing. Must go for pizza lovers
Food was really good! Seating was a bit uncomfortable, but the service was great! The only thing I wish for is a broader wine selection.
Cool pour manger des bagels frais ET chauds . Must montréalais dans un quartier branché et a voir
Super nice service from owner. He made sure we felt welcome and served delicious fruit.
I LOVE ITTTTTT\n\nGreat selection, good prices and makes me happy to find all this natural products in the same place
The service was great. The pizza was average if you are looking for thin crust this is your kind of restaurant.
My wife wanted to try this restuarant and we went tonight the service and food was really good. We would definitely come back.
Excellent food and great value! Service is friendly and hot sauce to die for literately. A real find
Staff gets 5 stars! Food not so much. Had the pasta bar and the white sauce was not fresh.
Great food and great service! Had the special which was delicious, but tried the bolognese and risotto also incredible! Not to mention a great wine selection! Must come back!
Seriously amazing! Great food, great service, plentiful portions and a dessert on the house... what more could you want?! 6\/5 stars!
Great machines, great value, free to enter.  Video games are all classics, while pinball machines run the gambit from 1940's to last year.  Great family fun!
Aroma has many locations but not every one opens late. This one opens t'il 11pm. They have good espressos and I like their salads.
Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.  Food was very good also.
One of the best Mexican places in Phoenix. Family run, authentic, cheap and delicious.
Amazing experience! Highly recommend!!! The simulations were cool, and the added effects were a nice touch. I especially liked the iron man simulator!
This is one awesome show not to be missed! For Beatles fans knowing the story of Julia, it is tough to watch the car wreck scene.
Best persian food in the valley so far. Fair prices and perfect quality. Delicious kabobs and stews.
Great place to eat.  Portions are large and you will not leave hungry! Host and servers were all very pleasant,efficient, and friendly.
We absolutely love this place! The juices and smoothies are delicious, but that coffee is to die for.
Can't beat their excellent service and fantastic prepared foods. \n\nLove that they support many local vendors like Mitchell's, Erie Island Coffee and many more
Sooooo delicious. Perfect size and amazing. Super yummy, and not too sugary. I tried the strawberry cheesecake and it was delicious. Will be coming
If you're a movie theater in a casino, either have a bar inside the theater or allow patrons of the casino to bring in outside drinks.  Absolutely ridiculous.
Would not return or recommend to friends. Place is dirty and small and staff are not helpful or accommodating. Way overrated and not worth the trip.
Reasonable prices and great comfort food.  Matzoh ball soup along with corn beef \/ pastrami was great.  An excellent way to get a quick meal while on the run.
The wait was not long on Monday morning and service was pretty quick, however this location is nowhere comparable to LA. Everything was extremely salty especially the eggslut.
Awesome dive shop, great selection of gear, excellent training and classes. Highly recommend, cool local dive shop.
I love this bar. Located at whole foods market, it has tons of great vegan options. The cauliflower nachos are the best!! Go try it if you haven't!!
We had a great experience at the carrot top show! The tickets we got through Showtime were excellent. A great night for the birthday we were celebrating:)
Casey and All Western Mortgage were a pleasure to work with and operate at an extreme level of professionalism. Your loan is safe in their hands!
Great atmosphere and a staff second to none! Daritza was very pleasant to work with and professional.
This is a hidden gem! Big portions with an affordable price and rice refills! This place gave me a nice cozy home feeling, such a lovely restaurant.
Great happy hour. Excellent sliders and cheese boards. Good selection of wine. And you can sit on couches and snuggle.
Shout out to Sandy for excellent customer service every time I'm in the store! Always very helpful.
BOGO....I find that when a server is inefficient, they tend to use humor as a crutch. I can see right through that. Hope the food is good, I'm starved.
As a meat eater was very happy with how good the food was. Was kinda thrown how close to meat the burger tasted.
I donno. Felt like their could be more?  It was good, but not great? I'm not sure, just can't put my finger on it.  But I would return ..
Amazing sushi & bowls !\nGreat service & friendly staff \nWe highly recommend your Resturant ‼
We enjoyed the atmosphere and the Mac & Cheese Bacon Burger. You definitely pay for it but very good. If you're on the strip nearby check it out
Oh, Law-dy! Dunkin Donuts Boston Cream donut. Drive-thru chocolate donutastic. \n\nhttp:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=X1XilfKuYaQ
Great food. Untill it gives everyone at your table who ate the pork meatballs food poisoning.Not worth it.
Great selection of games, plenty of space for gaming, friendly knowledgeable staff and lots of fun. We're here at least once a week.
Roller sets are now $30.  Remember, a reservation will ensure the party gets off to a great start!
It was great that they delivered late but I wasn't too impressed with any of the food or blown away.
Haha as You can tell.... I love PT's. Been visiting PT's locations for years. None disappoint and yet each one has it's own style\/flare. \nGreat place for football!!
Delicious pizza and huge servings of gelato. The restaurant is beautiful and the staff was so kind and friendly.
Not worth all the hype. Good customer service, but selection is minimal and just ok tasting. ..nothing to write home about.
Likely the best pizza in the area.   Nothing compares to Milano.  We always order the party size,  cold Milano pizza the next day is amazing
Great food, great atmosphere, & friendly service.  We sat right next to the open kitchen - cool to see the chef's working.
Andrew gives a great massage...especially good with the neck area.  Staff is always friendly and professional.  Highly recommend!
Absolutely fabulous. The combo classique is a great deal for two.
Quick and gets straight to business! Their website was very useful and their office is right near my home in Gilbert!
Great service & love the home potatoes, bacon and waffles. Good coffee and great home made fresh honey lemonade a must have.
Great menu, best Hawaiian in Phoenix!  Had the combo with pineapple chicken, chicken katsu and the kalua pork.  Super flavorful.  Potato salad was tasty too.  Will go again!  Soon!
Skimped on ice cream. Their version of a \"large\" hot fudge sundae is ridiculously small. Very disappointed.
Low carb is the way to go. Sub cabbage for noodles. Delicious and less carb\/fat\/sugar.
Not as good as I expected. The quality of the foods are just ok. Some of them are too salty. Also the service needs to be improve.
Some of the best Mexican you can get in town for the price. Highly recommended.
Total sleeper, this place is da bomb! Xlnt deep dish and New York pizza! Don't forget the garlic knots, they are wowzer! Enjoy
May and her staff are excellent. I walked in and experienced a very short wait time and left with a great haircut. I'll absolutely be coming back again!
Great food!  The burger was perfectly grilled.  I would definitely go back again to Lenny's when I'm in town.
Chicken Tika Masala was amazing, the manager was very helpful and attentive. Love this place.
Best place to go for a sweet\/cold treat on a hot summers day in AZ! Fast friendly service and it also helps that it's down the street!
Absolutely LOVE this place and the staff! This is my new go to place for nails. This is the best salon in the Avondale\/Goodyear\/Litchfield area no doubt about it.
This McDonald's is good fresh food not stale nice people worth the drive to this place. Have a McDoalds by me never again Ann rd and Simmons yuck
This place has changed a lot, food is great but the service is horrible, and they apparently don't know how to make a simple bacon cheeseburger...
They serve an incredible amount of food really cheap. The mets were seasoned very well and the guacamole was amazing!
This is my favorite cleaners and I like the good for nature approach. Great prices and deals too.
Really came thru for me, came and picked me up, got me handled. Went above and beyond. Turned a rough day into a better day.
Thank you, Amer, for a wonderful meal.  My husband and I enjoyed the fresh, delicious food.  If anyone is looking for a positive dining experience, eat at Duzan.
Great find Philly steak dog was really good! Eat here you won't be disappointed! The gentlemen serving was helpful and gracious. The fries were hot and yummy.
This place has the best Philly cheesesteak I've every eaten. The employees are extremely nice as well.
Great food with something for everyone.  The Mac and cheese is amazing!!  I love the veggie pita, my husband likes the buffalo chicken sandwich too.
Haven't been in but have had the food and it's awesome! The Burgers kill! Dope onion rings!
Friendly, courteous and hard working.  I had 10 boxes of documents to be shredded the price was extremely reasonable and it was fast.  Thank you
Oh I love this place there very kind the burritos\n are very well portioned and very tasty I love the salt n pepper wings. wow and waffle fries
Awesome selection and so worth it!!!! Try the cider slider! You won't be disappointed
We were not disappointed with Wong's food was amazing and the lunch specials are great....
If you can't have a good time here, you can't have a good time. Great atmosphere, better drinks, and quite an eclectic crowd.
Amazing!!! My favorite pot stickers!! The duck amazing. Lotus root and squid was great! I love this place!!
This is my first time here. It is located inside of SLS hotel. Small plates and very pricy.
Good veggie food. Hot chapatis. Try the thali. It comes with rice, chapati,  2 bhajis,  dhal and pickle.
I love this place, cheap drinks, punk atmosphere, bands play some nights of the week,  good beer selection,  cool staff.
Constantly bad service from the moment I walk in they try to talk me into leaving. Guess they don't want my money.
Lovely, Lovely, Lovely! I'm such a fan of their Cookie Monster waffle cone ice cream! Definitely would recommend this place!
My chicken skewers were dried out fatty and rubbery. The chicken Lo mein had breaded chicken in it with no flavor. Everything was super salty.
Boutique de quartier pour les amateurs des tricot mais aussi un petit coin pour le thé , ce qui m'interpelle :)
Best place to eat to get a taste of Asian\/Mexican infused food. Jade red and jerk chicken with pork fried rice is what I always get
The salt and pepper shrimp was amazing! Im a shrimp-head and i loved it. Service was good too. I'll be back.
This place is great. A little difficult to find, as it is hidden behind the strip mall with El Valley Mexican Restaurant.
Lived up to the James Beard reputation. Creative and delicious food, attentive and professional service, and enjoyed all the fine details making it an enjoyable experience.
Super friendly staff, everyone looks happy to help you. Food was delicious! I had a gyro and if was super stuffed, they don't skimp out on anything.
I'm so so sad. Just went by Brusters and they have signs up they are permanently closed!!  Someone reopen this!!
We had a reservation but still had to wait a long time to be seated.  The food was Ok but for the price not that great.
Excellent steak and service.  The setting is a little too spacious.  Slightly odd background music for the type of place.
Love the bowls and the service. Jen was super nice and friendly. Appreciated a refreshing healthy snack and kind people
Food was fresh and authentic. I enjoyed the Tabouli and the Flavor Savor Special with a side of their hot sauce.
Best birthday present and girls night out.  Entertainment was fun, great energy and hot guys.... What more can you ask for?!!! \nYeaaah gurrrrllll!
Horrible customer service experience; couldn't even get past the receptionist. Refused verified insurance coverage, inaccurate cash pricing, poor attitude. Overall an underwhelming and less than positive experience.
Delicious. Must do the house smokin sauce. Huge portions and great service. Best lunch in Vegas yet
Great service and a fun menu! \nOur waitress made her favorite suggestions which we appreciated as it was our first visit there.\nIt's a must try!!
You can't go wrong with this bagel place. I come here to grab a bag a bagels and go! \nMany different bagels to choose from. You can't go wrong!
Pizza was good but customer service sucked. Was forced to wait an extra 15 minutes while my order just sat atop their oven.
Ordered food here for a party of about 25 ..It was very good in quality and quantity  .!! It was pretty much sufficient .. Satisfied with the service.. !
I got a large take out order for a party and the food as well as the service was very good.  Prices are ok too.
This place has it all, a fun visit even if you aren't buying anything. Boats, aquariums, and taxidermied animals of all kinds, even a full-size stuffed giraffe!
Great meal while waiting for my flight and not to heavy, but hit the spot. Service was very friendly and prompt.
First time here. Service was great!  The lunch special is awesome.  A must try if you love sushi.
Tried the philly cheese-steak and it was very flavorful and tasty. Very satisfying!  I'll definitely go back, I want to try everything on the menu lol.
I love this place. Very friendly, good food, and good price!!! Very healthy if u live the style. Highly recommend the specials too
This place is horrible, she doesn't even bother to get back to you for am appointment
Perfectly spiced and prepared Indian fare without the extravagant prices! The best Indian food on this side of town! Perfect paneer tikka masala and rich and spicy vindaloo. Wonderful!
Excellent food! I'll definitely be back!! I arrived before 9:00 am and was able to get a seat without a wait. I enjoyed my entire meal!
I like stopping in for breakfast. Friendly service and decent omelet. I would recommend the hot Juan.
Great food! Four stars for lack of customization and charging for every little thing like sauce and bread..
Great pub atmosphere with regular lunch specials. Be forewarned that parking can be tricky. Can't go wrong with their fish and chips!
John in the service department is extremely helpful!! He makes it easy to get my car worked on. He always goes above and beyond to help me!!
This place is the bomb if you like nice people and great pizza !
I've been a customer of Terry Rudnyk for over 15 years, and am extremely happy with my dental care!
Tried to eat here but the waitstaff was sleeping in a booth with their shoes kicked off. No one woke up so rather than disturb their sleep, we left.
I've been a regular here and always get the pad Thai or their curry dishes. I wish I had know of yelp! since I had my iPhone!
Meh - just okay... not sure what all the fuss is about. The service was top-notch, but not on my list of places to revisit.
Great service. Great food. A little pizzeria, a bit pricey but well worth the money. Great selection for gluten free eaters.
Everything was amazing there! Took my daughter there for her birthday food was great delicious and customer service made it even better we will definitely be back again!
If you like scotch, you will like this place. the place is clean, beautiful, the servers are knowledgable and the dancing nights is fun and filled with gentlemen.
Here on a Sunday, two other tables besides me. Service terrible, food mediocre.  Sorry don't get previous reviews.
Always enjoy my visits to Vegas with a stop at Peppermill. Food is always good and plentiful and service has always been good. We love the breakfast here.
Tried poly roly when taking my driving license test.. very nice place to have a quick meal.
Amazing tacos and service! Got two steak tacos for under $5. Good price, good food. First time here and will definitely be back!
Tried the veggie wrap and hot cocoa, nothing spectacular!!!\n\nPatio is nice, but the restaurant inside looks like it's falling apart....
Not even vegetarian and the Argentine mock-beek samndwich is amazing. Also the sweet potato puffs are like candy.
Authentic, delicious Chinese noodles. The place is clean and new. Noodles are delicious and authentic. Highly recommended.
This nail salon is a very clean and well run place. Ana did a great job with my nails!
ABSOLUTELY DELISH!  I had their chicken and waffles and the chicken was cooked PERFECTLY - nice and crunchy breading and the waffles were awesome as well!
It took 30min to get my damn burger!!!  And when i got it, the burger was cold and the bun was hard and stale. WTF??!!!
Delicious egg sandwiches. The  Fairfax with bacon and avocoado is well worth waiting for in the the long line that moves fairly quickly.
Good food but the service is slow. We've been about 8 times and it seems to get progressively slower... but the food is still good.
Its inside the Gold Coast hotel. Good food. Free bus from\/to the strip.
Best tree farm! 2 reindeer for the kids to see & Santa on the weekends. Great place to cut your own tree or get a fabulous precut one.
Been coming here for years. Always good service. Low staff turnover which creates great customer service experiences.
Jcpenny.com truly truly sucks!  Their customer service, although friendly people, they are not solution minded or customer minded!
Had the nachos.  Girlfriend had enchiladas.  Both were great!  Reasonable prices.  Comfortable atmosphere.  Nice setting\/ambiance.  Our server Danielle was 5 star!  We absolutely will be eating here again.
This is a nice clean place. Food is good but not great. It satisfies my gyro craving but makes me miss the Greek from Astoria , Queens.
Did a great job on my eye brow wax and very competitive prices. I'll definitely be returning. Highly recommend!
Caution.  Good poisoning.  Both my girlfriend and ate the same thing there.  Stay away from the sausage fondue.
The best all-you-can-eat sushi place in the city. Lots of options, speedy\/friendly service, tablets with pictures to make ordering quick and easy. Highly recommended!
Amazing detail to constructing a cup of coffee, the bourbon espresso flight is great1
I had the Mediterranean Chicken last week & I've been back on my lunch break 3 other times since then... so addicting!
It's good... But over priced. Small fries is composed to 8 fries.. Disorganized and food takes forever. Next time I'll go to Five Guys up the road ..
Great food! Very friendly family run business!! Chicken garlic white pizza and Philly cheesesteak pizza were great dough was very fresh!
Well off the beaten path , good variety of imaginative and delicious dogs. Thick , crispy fries and quality ingredients.
Not local friendly.not very accommodating for groups larger than 6 or so.average staff at best. Foods ok,service needs work.I would not recommend this place.
Stopped here while driving through Pittsburgh.  Large, lush dog park that is very well fenced. My pups had a great time here.
Yum yum yum! Where can you find the best BBQ at a gas station that has the fanciest chandelier?\nToms Thumb!
Delicious!\n\nBusy, as always.  The server was present--but not.  I think they need more help.  Manager, stop being cheap!\n\nThe food was good.  Cheesecake Factory; it's what I expect.
Loved my experience here! Blanca was my stylist. She was very attentive to what i wanted and did a fabulous job! Great prices as well.
My bicycle completely fell apart after service. Feel completely scammed and little to no communication...My first ever negative review to help people stay away.
great food and nice people! Miraz is a great host!
Best Sweet Potato fries ever.  At lunch on the way back to Vegas from Hoover Dam. Worth the trip through Historic Boulder City.
Among buffets, this is one is very average.  But the fresh crawfish and crab legs take it up one notch.  Very good--and for big eaters, well worth the $24.
Too pricey for what you get....I got the turkey burger moo yah style with fries....and I've had better. To put it simply, McDonald's tastes better.
Best tacos hands down,friendly service the owner Ben is hands on with his customers and explain everything to you about the menu this is my new Mexican restaurant
Great beer selection good food fried okra is awesome.  Good local bar lots of character. Ping pong and cornhole in the outdoor patio.
Came for supper. Really great food. Good value, good portion's and the service was good.
Place reminds me of why I dont eat at Hooters. Horrible food. Sticky bar. I feel sorry for the girls not making any money
What can i say? better than ihop and dennys. just an amazing place to eat any time of day. Amazing environment and very clean.
Nice hole-in-the wall dessert place. Good ice cream. The green-tea crepe \"cake\" was interesting!
Great food. Excellent service. Deserts are delicious. The staff is friendly Biryani is awesome.
Main thing this place is clean!!! Friendly staff, got a pedi done here and was great, only problem the paint on my nails chipped about 4 hours later. (Disappointed)
Beautiful water show and soo much fun to watch! The weather was nice too! Lots of people as you can imagine a very busy scene.
This store is the worst. What a nightmare. Nothing is in stock, no coupons apparently work except for in store purchases, yet they stock nothing. Total nightmare.
Really good and quick Asian food! Food here is consistent. No matter when you come, food always tastes good. My personal favorite here is dragon noodles.
Ask for Jeff! He was an AMAAAAZING masseuse! He made me feel comfortable and I'm So glad my first massage was with him!
Solid beef dip, great bun, tender and juicy. Fast friendly service. Glad I found this place on Yelp. Going to try the brisket next time.
Extremely expensive with limited portion of food. Although food is delicious but expensive. Other halal Xinjiang restaurant serves same taste food with low price tag.
Stopped in on the way through vegas and were surprised at the excellent food. The sashimi was amazing, the presentation beautiful, and the service was quick and friendly.
Had the Trash nachos. The were great. The service was good.  Highly recommend to nacho lovers
Best mexican food i ever had friendly staff great steak fajita i will come again tourists from germany
Extraordinary pizza. Fresh flavors. Lightning fast service. Helpful. And the pizza: seriously good. Ambiance a bit loud for me but for most folks just fine.
Don't do it!  You'll regret it!!  Paid $200 for high lights and walked out with fried hair!!
Wow!  Seriously good Biria Soup.  It came with a good helping of tortillas.  I want to go back and try something else.
We ordered the red curry and spicy basil. Very very delicious!  Will be definitely coming back.  Green curry was also a recommendation.  Prices are very reasonable.
Excellent, excellent food!!! Really must visit destination in old Montreal!!! The lobster sandwich is excellent, fresh, light and very tasty!! Atmosphere is nice! Staff friendly and professional!!!
Big limousine outside the entrance, many photos of stars posing with the owner. Thanks for the song about Portugal!
Great food and our waiter was wonderful, but someone needs to tell him - and all waitstaff - no cologne!!!  I want to smell the food not your cologne!
I like this place. I like the music even though sometimes is really loud! But most of all, I like their nachos!
Menu is a scam. Mediocre taste. Next time I'd visit Ramen Bar right across the street.
My favorite wonton place. All dishes are good\nI get their wonton flat noodle soup w\/ beef & dace fish balls. Vegetable plate on the side. Sometimes get lost mein.
Great little joint.  Value was great.  Try their spartan club - it's like a club sandwich between pita bread.
Requested a quote a couple of weeks ago. I haven't heard anything back. What a bummer - hopefully an oversight.
Authentic food that is well worth the price. No msg used and fried rolls are made with rice paper. The service is excellent!
Everything I tried here was delicious and service was friendly. Go I recommended this place!!!
Nashville Spicy Chicken and Mac and Cheese was amazing!
Food was overpriced and not that great. Slow service wouldn't even refill my drink. Interior is dingy and the tables were sticky I would not recommend this place.
Great food, friendly service and easy parking.  \n\nAll the food is good but I also really enjoyed the cold hong long style tea
The layout is very simple and welcoming and the service is great. The chef is very humble and checking on the customers.
Shisho Tofu was nice and spicy and the boom shrooms were delicious with a nice yolky egg on top.  Bright space and friendly attentive staff
Nice little spot border of Richmond Hill and Thornhill\n\nGreat apps. the Zeytoon Parvardeh was to DIE FOR and the Kabob torsh !!! \n\nnice portions
Love you his place. Come every time I'm in surprise. The shaken beef is to die for. Don't miss it!!!!!!
Very dark, Smells like urine, and over priced. This was second time I went in to check it out for possible daycare for my dog.
A neighborhood sports bar serving pub fare with some occasional interesting twists.  Friendly, timely service.  Limited bar.  Food is well prepared with generous portions.
Sooo good. Got the chicken tikka masala and biryani and omg this was amazing!! The chicken was juicy and tender and the overall spices were so flavorful.
Great place,\n\nHighly  recommend. .no words...awesome food and amazing drinks. Duck and beef curry is a must
Really nice environment offering great services, always feel very relaxed right when i enter the salon. I especially enjoy going to see Karley who works there!
Delicious option when you want a cheat day!!  They were very nice and gave us free donuts for dessert to!
Employees were very nice and the shirts looked great (although it does appear a shirt was missing a button when it returned).
By far the best sandwich place in Vegas \n. This is my go to place for lunch. I recommend the Italian.  No other place compares
Great location. Love food and atmosphere! Locally owned!! Delicious lamb. Excellent night life with specialty wines and drinks.
This a really healthy choice and their bowls are fantastic. The smoothies are really good too, you can add different vitamins, immune boosters and protein. Must try!
First time coming to Boca and I will be back! The food was delicious and staff is very attentive not to mention friendly.
Very friendly, plenty of staff on site.  Got my smog check and it passed for $19.95!  :)
excellent service, fastest I've been in and out of a car dealership, no BS, best experience buying a car I've ever had hands down! A++++
Really Really good stuff here! If you like spicy then this place has you covered. Try the Pollo Diablo with the jerk chicken rice. You can't go wrong!
Best everything in town. Love the staff and margaritas are delish. Karaoke on Saturdays really makes this place even better. It is packed and great for the family!
Flavorful and healthy food served by a nice wait staff. Great lunch fare. No sleeping at your desk a few hours later from the sugar drop.
Never even knew about this place!  By far the most empathetic wonderful staff I ever encountered!! Thank you!!
This is a terrific establishment! They are very professional and prompt getting you in and out for your procedures.
This place is great, always fresh & prompt. Has a tropical feel & great view of LV. Must be new & the free booze at the bar is great.
The food and cocktails are great! I love, love the high ceilings, decor, and industrial feel... really cool atmosphere
Came for lunch with a friend.  Average thai. Modern atmosphere, clean but a little small.  Our waitress was very sweet and very quick. Good customer service.
The best Pizza in town! \nGreat customers service, staff is always friendly and free delivery. I highly recommend Pizza My Dear.
$69.95 Carpet Shampoo! Till I found out that my 3rd row never cleaned.. Man my first time and will never get back again.
Always friendly staff and very helpful.  The new bottles for the juices though are awful.  Please go back to the other bottles for the juices.
Great food, nice atmosphere, and interesting wine selection. Something for every palette.
Love this sonic location! Employees are super nice and the service is always quick! Definitely recommend!
The Moo-Sho shrimp was delicious and the Shrimp Chop Suey was too.  Thank you for the excellent experience.  Sure to visit again.  The 30 minute drive was worth it.
I had Barrio food truck at a graduation party on Saturday and I got food poisoning. At least 40 others did as well.
Absolutely fantastic management. Very accommodating and helpful. They go above and beyond to please the customer. Good food, nice atmosphere, great place!
My kids are Guy Feiri's fans. They were speechless tasting Guy's food! Glad we brought them here.
This place is awesome, great food and great service! Neal and Cal  have owned and managed this location since I was a kid.
Where is the good old Cantina 1511?! Bad location! Slow service, bad ambience.. Few years ago it was my favorite Mexican restaurant, not anymore!
Great brunch! Their lemonade is handmade by the bartender and is bottomless; not to common in this town. Will eat here again!
Solid small town diner with goodAmericana food me up. Solid breakfast and lunch. Big fan of the fries.
YAY!!!! I am the biggest Texas Roadhouse addict and this location is the BOMB! It's so big and the service was great! The food was absolutly mouthwatering, as usual!
Love the Vegan and Gluten free menu!\n\nLast night I had the Vegan Delight and added some tomatoes...It was really awesome!
Great coffee, and they made me a great custom vegan sandwich!
Food was AMAZING!!!! Service was EXCELLENT! For the first time I was surely impressed.
Worst meal ever. Rotten celery served with hot wings, dirty plates, freezer burnt pasta, bread hard as a rock. Thought this was a popular family place? Yuck! Never again!
Oooooomazing! Only place in Phoenix I would go to. Sliced brisket is to die for! Be sure to get there early because the line can back up quick.
Food and service were great if you can ask to sit in Diana's Nixx section you will get a worm cheery welcome and wonderful service the Stromboli is great
Delicious dark brew and really good sandwiches. I like this place!
They have really tasty, rich, cakes. Great decor. Very chill, laid back atmosphere. Glad that it's open late. Would definitely recommend for a late night dessert.
The decor and atmosphere will keep me coming back to Maman, but the dry hard blueberry lavender loaf won't be see me again.
Great service and prices!
Super duper delish! I had the red pepper soup and pesto sandwich. Hubby had the strawberry salad and bacon turkey sandwich. Both of us loved our food! Very tasty!
Why weren't u open at 6:00 p.m. tonite when we came by? Very disappointed in finding you closed!!!
Love this place!  Great combinations of Chinese and Mexican.  Spicy but not too much heat.  Great hole in the wall lunch spot.
Deli lost in the vegas strip high priced not like a real New York deli
I love this place! Threading is so much better than a wax! It lasts twice as long as a wax and they do a great job. Fast and easy.
El Jefe's is awesome. Priced higher than you'd expect but the food is delicious socal mex! Owner is super nice and always takes care of his customers.
The staff is always friendly!  I love the products and it's way cheaper than Wild Oats!
dont waste your time or your $. i ended up here because Barros shut down. Large 2 topping at Barros is $13. Here it is $25.
Just discovered this gem! Best hummus in Town, had the Kofta sandwich, french fries (fresh tasty fries) and a side of the red pepper hummus...YUMMMMM! Highly recommend this place!
i finally was able to get hot food here. for this alone i am happy. oh, the hummus is excellent and so are the drinks.
Still a great place to eat a quick bite love the bread!
This place is clean and organized. The employees smile and are pleasant. They move in an orderly fashion and the wait is not to bad.
I enjoyed every bite of my sushi here, prices are very decent and the service is very good.
OH Yum!!!\nThe bacon is to die for.  Had the turkey sandwich.  Excellent!!!\nNice folks too!
The food was wonderful and the service friendly and very helpful.  Aman offered the best suggestions - lamb tikka masala was perfect.  Would definitely come again.
Eat here very regularly. But the water is horrible, which makes the tea and soda bad too! Not good at all.
AMAZING. LOVE this place, it's a whole in the wall but the food is amazing and the people are comforting.
This place is legit. Super moist and fresh chicken and good prices. You should be aware that fries for 2 is literally enough for 6 people so go hungry.
By far the best BBQ in Madison. Perhaps the best BBQ I've ever had! You seriously need to check these guy's out!
They have an organic line for pedicures.  Happy to have a Pedicurist was super gentle.   I will be back.  They were very nice as well.
Great food and even greater service. Our server was Veronica and was a sweetheart! Super friendly and attentive. We will definitely be back!
Such a fun place to get some breakfast! Love the location, it is right next to a bunch of fun spots. Definitely recommend the egg salad sandwich. Enjoy!
Disgusting really there is no other words for dinner ordered from the Lotus Chinese cuisine restaurant down the street
Yummy meats n street corn restaurant style..i love that the meats come from the restaurant's family owned carniceria!! Love this place!
Great Tom Kha and Excellent Panang Curry.  The place appears to have recently opened. Very friendly staff and great service.
Had the diamond wash, they missed a lot of spots, and left a dripping seat condition streak on my back seats. They don't even handwax.
I expected better for the price. It is close to the price of Wynn buffett and I think wynn is 100x better.
Very special nice service store. The store offer free uploading stuff to your car! I love this store.
Very cute place and excellent tea selection. Leslieville is very deserving of this spot!
Always delicious. Great service. Nice atmosphere. My go-to when heading to the South Hills.
Awesome food, great atmosphere! Perfect for a casual dinner. Like the chipotle of Indian restaurants.
Flowers by Renee has some of the best quality flowers in town. They are prompt with orders and they are always beautiful
The dinner plate and chicken mole was wonderful the drink was refreshing and the staff was friendly.  I highly recommend this place.
Always great food and friendly service. Love this place. Don't forget your stamp card.
My daughter and I stopped by after a day of shopping and ordered the pizza! All I can say is it was outstanding! Great atmosphere! Excellent service!
I stop by this new clothing store and loved everything of it from the styles to the staff.
Sausage is killer. \n\nGet there early. You won't be disappointed
The issue was finally address with my satisfaction but still don't understand how the first support requested got deleted from their database.
I got the vegas wrap and my boyfriend got the flaming dragon wrap. Both delish! And they have gluten free soy sauce !
As always loved my hair always feel glamorous and get so many compliments on  my hair thanks to my top stylist Oscar!!!
A fun little family activity, if your kids love superheroes.  The final activity is the best part.
Service and food are dynamite! Ask for Austin, he is super attentive and made sure we were well taken care of. The St. Pat's menu was amazing!
Foòd is ok, atmosphere is nice, but this place would be nothing without Paige. She provides great service and is fun!
True Dentistry was great. The office was very nice and clean. Dr. Duff did the best filling I have ever had and I didn't even feel the shot!
Had the chickpea roti, it wasn't wrapped tightly enough so it started falling apart as I was eating it, but it tasted great. The roti was really soft.
Ok, not great. Food used to be better, prices also used to be better. Got greedy and changed chefs in the last 2 years. Pretty much stopped going.
Good and Fresh Home cooked Food for very decent prices....Definitely recommend visiting if you're vegetarian.
Its definitely not that good, and that's not authentic mexican food, more like texmex
I dont really like sharwama but my co-worker convinced me to stop by for lunch. Its good food. :-)
Most of the staff here is over it all. It's Starbucks so the espresso is burned and the lattes are made poorly.
My basic pedicure lasted a month & very affordable!  Will update after I have a gel manicure.
Josh was very helpful and knowledgeable with all the different mattresses I was looking at. I've had this bed for over a month now and I've never slept better!!
Can't say much, other than the fact that you need to make an attempt to come out here just for the Samosas.
BEST BURGER!! Hands down the best burger I've ever had. Been coming here every Friday for over 2 years now. Try the AK47 my girlfriend loves the masala burger.
Great meds always! Best staff and best prices. This is my favorite dispensary. Lots of selection to choice from and best flower in valley !
Very disappointing .. We ordered a shrimp taco.. Was cold!! Ordered a surf & turf burrito and THAT was cold.. Never coming here again.. :(
One of our favorite spots! Great beer selection, delicious food and amazing staff. We always have great service and food that keeps us coming back again and again!
Amazing!!!!\nHired for life!!!!\nOn time...real massage therapist ....really truly amazing!!!
This place is tucked away, but they serve delicious gyros\/ spinach pies and have great prices. It's no smoking inside so even though it's small I don't feel suffocated.
I had the raspberry one and I really like it. Apparently, this is a new business. However, it sounds pretty popular as there were many people there.
Superb breakfast... French toast is a must!  Awkard closing time, just make sure you make it in before then!
staff friendly,  overall very clean restaurant, food was fast and great tasting.......Manager  Justin  very upbeat , people person... we will be back !! Thanks
I like Iced Out because they keep giving me a fresh and crisp look.  Very professional plus+ they are open 7 days a week.
Matt is great, he did a great job of explaining everything he was doing.I will recommend him to everyone in our development.
Kim K is an amazing and attentive server which adds to the entire dining experience.  We just had lunch the food was very good.
I crave this place more then any other restaurant, guilty pleasure at it finest my friends.
Very nice. Not THE best, but for the price they charged, definitely deserving of five stars: attractive, comfortable, good deal.
Everything here was great! We shared the garbage can nachos and I ordered the pastrami sandwich. Definitely the best nachos I have ever had!
This place is ridiculous expensive!!! Not even that good of food, the store is messy bunch of employees laying around, a small burger for 7.50$ ????? WTF
Amazing food, great patio for the summer months as well. Try the pulled pork
First time here having my oil changed. Service is friendly and there is FREE coffee and FREE snacks while you wait!!!
Experience eith manager very unprofessional.  Order had four mistakes plus shortages when arriving home.  Brice, the manager did nothing to correct this situation.  Will not return to this location.
Very busy because of the storm. Construction of 74 Bypass was a problem. These people are always knowledgeable and give great service.
Off the $1 piece menu, the fried cocoanut mango shrimp is honestly so good. Would highly recommend this it tastes amazing.
Scrambled eggs are powdered eggs. Overcooked and quite dry. Hash browns bland and mushy. Bone in ham good. Bread in a cup was doughy and a bit undercooked.
Great Thai food. Was not too busy on a Saturday night. Curries were good. Had plenty of sauce.
The food was ok...the drinks were tasty...but overall not worth the price. Lots of other good choices on the strip
$3 for a Bad. Ass. breakfast platter and coffee.   The best way to start your day.
Still a great place to peruse the shops and enjoy the eateries! One of my favorite shopping spots, anywhere!
This is the place to go to satisfy your BBQ needs. Everything is spot on and delicious. Get here early or count on not having everything you want
First time at 702, great outside balcony seating. Great menu, great food. We will definitely be going back.
Terrible. Just terrible. Horrible service and mediocre food. You're better off ordering from Pizza Pizza.
Great brisket sandwich, awesome service. Wasn't took long of a wait compared to other days! Loved it
Great selection but one cashier... There was about 7 employees in the building and 6 of us waiting to check out.
Our server Vanessa was great she told us about the 3 course menu which was amazing. Nothing but good food.
We come here almost every Friday! The San Marcos platter is amazing. Everything is very flavorful and we always receive great service. Check this place out!
So much you want to buy. Love the sandwiches and the espresso. Lots of desserts to pick from.
By far, the best lunch special in Chandler.  Lots of Food for the money and it tastes great too!
Had a carne Asada chimichanga. Pretty. Damn good, and good service. Black beans tasted very processed and milky, but the rest of the meal was awesome. Highly recommended.
Had the Salmon And Steak Combination, salmon tasted like it was straight out of the freezer and the steak was dry and over cooked.
This used to be one of my favorite steakhouses.  It has been slipping for years now. No more Hank's for me
Good food, nice service, prices were decent. The decor and bathrooms could use some work. Overall good experience.  We would visit again.
Very good breakfast place. Excellent customer service. The reason I only gave it a 4 star is because the eggs are a wee bit too small.
Still on the decline.  Over done wings and how to they manage cold fries. Used t be so good but not anymore
I'm addicted to the BBQ chicken. And those jalapeno wraps things. And the beers. But the sauce? Damn is that ever a fine fine sauce!
Food was fantastic, good sports in TV, bottomless mimosas (heavy on the champagne)!!!!! Steak nachos were fantastic. Service was ok...only reason for one less star.
My husband and I stopped in for a late lunch after seeing a movie this afternoon.\n\nAs usual, I got a chicken burrito and it was delicious!\n\nI adore Burrito Boyz!
The service is excellent and the food! If you like Indian food I highly recommend you try Indian Paradise you won't be disappointed!
First time here! Alex the owner was super nice. He did my acrylics and I absolutely love the job he did! I'd definitely come back :)
It was ok. Margaritas are terrible. Server was great and tacos were good. But $4 a taco is not a good price.
This place is a Vegas icon.  Good food, service, atmosphere, and open whenever you get there.  If you're on or near the strip, the Peppermill is an awesome retreat.
Great experience, great full acrylic set, great job, decor and cleanliness. Definitely, I come back!
I had a great vegetarian savory crepe and my girl had a sweet one, they were both very good, just wish they had better ice cream than thrifty.
The BEST food! It is also 100% Gluten free which is perfect for me!  Portion size is great and the price is right!
This is an excellent practice. All three of my kids have had braces. The office staff and the doctor are wonderful
Had a great brunch here!!! The blah blah blah breakfast is fantastic. It comes with eggs, bacon, hash browns, and toast. Strongly recommend this.
This location has definitely fallen off though their deliver is always fast and persistent the quality of their food has dropped.
This place is pretty awesome. Came by at 2:30 for a late night snack. Awesome staff. Can't wait to be back.
best buffalo burger in vegas!!! hahah... \none of the koolest bartenders as well... just ask for Scott!
This Goodwill has consistently been good to me. It's pretty clean and organized. The employees are nice and helpful. And I love the deals that they have.
Good sushi for the price you pay. Sunday\/Monday deals are worth it, as well as the happy hour alcohol specials.
I always love their falafel plate. Comes with rice and salad. I love the Greek hot sauce--$0.54 extra.
Great food and beer selection!  4 stars because service has improved, but still not great.  Don't go if you're on a time crunch.
Lot of cold seafood, none of the fancy ones like lobsters. decent assortment of desserts...mostly all pastries and cookies.\nItalian, Mexican, Asian and American styled preparations.
Great customer service forgot something in my order but knew I was walking so they brought it to me
Lacey was super nice and knows her stuff. Customers seem to like the staff and come in regularly. Very clean.
The lunch buffet was delicious.  The ambience leaves a bit to be desired, but all of the food was seasoned well and fresh.  I am definitely going back.
The Pho was great and the soup had a great flavor. Spring rolls are awesome. Recommend to everyone
Great food. Love the diablo chicken sandwich. Everytime I walk in here everyone is laughing and having fun. I love the atmosphere. Service can be slow. They seem under-staffed
Great breakfast place. The eggs benedict was fantastic. The bacon somewhat flavorless. The service and atmosphere was easy and nice.
Don't do it! Not good and over priced. Came for lunch. Flautas and a quesadilla was $29! Food was blan! Hit Roberto's on Gibson instead. \nOk to skip.
Excellent experience. Great food (rabbit crepe, pasta salad, basil lemonade), friendly staff, and superb outdoor patio\/garden atmosphere. One of my favorite things about my visit to Montreal.
Our first time here!  Really enjoyed the great service by our server Lupe!!  Food was delicious!!!  We'll be back!!  *****five stars!!
The food is very average, nothing special at all, service was really slow, to expensive for what it is.
Worst experience ever! Do not order a tuna sandwich. If you do the staff will be vocal in shaming you of your food choice.
Not impressed at all. room is dark, food choices limited and you have to get your own drinks. Wicked spoon at the Cosmopolitan is 10 x better.
Best sandwich in town.  Veggie avocado add turkey and roast beef. Bread is fresh out the oven.
Not bad but I've had a better shumai. Their taro ball was good tho. The place is nice, quiet and clean than most dim sum place.
Food fun and great service totally recommend. Really a fun place don't let the name fool\nYou very family friendly appreciative and accommodating
Food was great! Burger and wings were excellent. Like the way the presented the fries with variety of sizes. A must try!! Service was great!
Call Girlz and Coco Loco are the bomb! You buy the huge cups & you keep them for more refills for a few dollars cheaper... Love it!
My plate was dirty and the waffles were not hot and crispy when we got it.  Chewy and Luke warm.\nNot impressed at all.  Other hash houses were much better.
Besides the friendly baker who was singing and entertaining their guests...their pastries are delicious and fresh. I would recommend tasting the kouign amann, it's a slice of deliciousness.
The wait makes the food not even worth it. And Dree, the expo, has absolutely no personality and doesn't care how long your food takes
Amazing food! Customer service was excellent even with it being so busy on opening day! Highly recommend Three Cheese Cauliflower soup and Asparagus soup!  Asiago bread was absolutely delish!
I like this chain.  Big portions and the service is usually good.  \n\nDefinitely a good bang for your buck.
It took forever (2h) and the people are not acting professional my pictures are horrible go somewhere else
First visit. I had the soft shell crab eggs Benedict; it is incredible. Great menu selection and service is excellent. Great tasting coffee.
Delivery sucks they always forget half of my order \nSecond they always say its to late to deliver when it's only 11:20.
I had a very good 45 day dry aged steak. It was delicious. The server was also excellent. Don't forget the calamari!
I'm in town from Miami FL and was just blown away by the bison ribeye and the rosemary goatcheese macaroni! I will def be back!
Incredible food and great prices!  They know how to treat their customers.
Odyssey was awesome. I went there from 6th-12th grade. I love the idea of one day a week for 4 hours 8-12pm or 12pm-4pm. And everything is done online.
Overpriced. Slow. Average quality. Unhealthy. Nuff said.
Angie was amazing! She was so nice and friendly and helped me set up my business account! Happy banker
Just the best place to get anything jewelry related fixed, cleaned or installed.  They were so helpful and like their name FAST !!!!
it was really good not gonna lie but why are you guys so damn pricey? I can tell your trying to profit a little to hard.
The hotel staff are rude, they missed room service despite a call of inquiry. There is also no tub.
Amazing! We found this place while in Charlotte. Being a Vegan newbies we were a bit curious. Everything was wonderful and the atmosphere was very relaxing.
Salsa is delicious. Sometimes the wait is long but it's worth it. I like getting their trio tacos where you can pick what you want.
Waaaay out there on Queen past where it's cool there lives a little cafe. Breakfasts on frigid mornings, soups to slurp and booths to slide into.
Too bad they're closed on sunday. Definitely better than mcdonalds. I love this place!
Last night I tried the BSH honey chipotle wings (grilled) and they were amazing!!! A must try.
The drinks here are to die for. I honestly didn't want my drink to end-it was that good!
This place is very average. Has what you need to get a basic workout in. It's close to the house only reason I come by.
Egg wasn't runny. Very disappointed ! Spoke to them afterwards and manager wouldn't do anything. They don't care as most people here are not repeat customers . Avoid !
Service and atmosphere is good.  Prices are a bit steep but the food is good.
Pretty good food and good value. Service is dodgy. Great art on the walls and they play excellent music.
Back again love the food. Some new employees since last visit. Friendly and all smiles. Great place to get rid of hunger pains and gain full belly pains.
Extremely friendly and knowledgeable. Great find. Will be back.  Great and friendly customer service is very difficult to come by these days.
Excellent service!  Tri and Lou were very friendly, even suggested an alternate color and where to go for the best deals on shows!  Just remember to bring cash;)
This is the only positive thing I can attribute to the Luxor\n Food was great. Prices ok.
Stopped in here late Monday afternoon.\n\nAwesome coconut ice cream.
Once I got a haircut from Yanira I haven't gone anywhere else. Always a pleasure going here!
Love this place! Extremely nice owner and employees!! My nails look great!! Fast and great price and service! They really get to know you and always remember your name!!!
It's southern Japan ramen taste. If you miss Asia food it's a good choice for you
The pizza has good flavor, but it was a little undercooked making the center part soggy.
Best restaurant in Pittsburgh. Bring a couple of great vintage Italian wines and Let them bring you Chefs choice of food.
Just purchased my puppy today. I had a great experience. Will update my post later after my vet check up.
LOVED THIS SHOW WAYYYY better than chippendales. These are realistic guys and are straight. Way more entertaining for the girls!!
Bourgey to the max yo.  Kinda that middle-aged white woman spot.  I liked it, though.  Just pricey.  You should go, even if you aren't an old white lady.
The best botanical gardens I have ever been to.  Just absolutely and completely the best.  And it is huge!!  Go check it out...you will be glad you did!
They always blend my coffee the best! The service is fast and efficient. It's close to my home and my job too!
Yummy. I had the fried chicken sandwich and it was huge and great. Nice addition to that strip. Lots of families.
My boyfriends mom and I went and it was so fun!!! The dancers were amazing and very interactive with the crowd. They really made it a fun time!
This is so much better than what I expected! Mango cup was so yummy and the roasted tea was super g ood as well :)
Disappointing.  Ask for medium well burger. It was rare. Sweet tea from a fountain. Servers were very nice. Fire the cook!
Another great experience at Bubbas Burghers, food was fantastic, my husband wanted to swim in the beer cheese, so awesome!!!!
It was my first time coming to this location and I will definitely be returning back! My friend referred me to this place and it was definitely worth it!!
First time there with my wife.  Very pleasant decor, excellent service, very good selection of Asian Fusion.  We'll be back-
Update:  We have a new favorite!!  \"Not so spicy buffalo.\"  Yum!!  We still love all of the cheese varieties too.
Great little Courtyard location that was newly renovated in the summer of 2014.  Staff is attentive and friendly. Prices can vary a lot ($99-179) as occupancy creeps up.
People at the counter and on the lot were extremely friendly and helpful -will definitely rent from them again!
Food was good. Men's bathroom was absolutely disgusting and the stall door didn't even close.
Great service the lady at the front was very helpful and friendly. She showed us around and gave us the information we needed. Thank you
the best steak house in vegas and dougnuts for desert rock and this is coming from guy who lived in nyc its whole life
Love this diner!!! Delicious food and Angelica our waitress was very sweet, efficiently and helpful. We are coming back definitely!!!
Best place ever. Big Wac?!  Need I say more?
Muy rica toda la comida!! Y el servicio excelente, muy recomendado sobretodo la birria y las tortas ahogadas:)
Always fresh produce and good quality product. Great store.
Very satisfied with our Mother's Day lunch. :)\n\nNY striploin medium rare with baked potatoes and their ribs are highly recommended.
I enjoyed a pastrami sandwich and a Podnah spud!  Delicious meal with the wife, great customer service and even the manager Ivory was very friendly!   Great food, great company!
I did a Senior 2012 Photo-shoot here and it worked out perfect! Best Park in town if you need a nice area for photographs :)
This location is my favorite... Not sure why... But it just is.... Love the chicken Alfredo after dark pasta!
Pizza is always excellent and conversation with the owner Joe is always a pleasure.
Best Sushi on the west island. \nThe owners Dustin and Sara take great pride in serving fresh well made dishes.
Matthew was super quick & helpful! I was in & out in less than 15 mins adding my iPad to my plan! Thanks guys!
Not only are they the best panderia in town, they're also very kind and reasonably priced!
Fresh salads, homemade desserts, excellent service and tables outside! Everything prepared well, and the staff efficient and friendly.
La comida es espectacular, la atención es increíble recomiendo este restaurante, pedimos agua de coco, pescado frito y costillas, todo estaba delicioso, la carta es muy variada
The breakfast burrito was Awesome, the coffee was a phenomenal, the service was swift, friendly and exceptional!!! Recommend to everyone!
If their coffee was as wonderful as their donuts, I'd give them five stars for sure but I find their hot brew to be a disappointment every time.
much nicer for the price than the westin. clean and more modern with better restaurant food than the weston
The food is amazing and fresh!!  I had the smoked chicken street tacos!  If they offer the smoked dry ribs (not on the menu) try them!!  Amazing!!
High end golf club with very well maintained course & professional staff.  Primarily open to members, but will take non members if booked through online golf app, GolfNow
Really trendy, cool place. A great late night scene.
Not a typical taco shop, Food was good. Hats off to their red salsa!! Not many taco shops had actually hot salsa and they did!!
this has got to be the best roast beef sandwich in the valley  fantastic horseradish dressing and good value
This is by far the best Thai express i have been to. The staff are very nice and efficient. Food portions are hugeeeeee and the taste is just great!!
decent mexican fast food. cheap price. the california burrito doesn't have french fries in it, but i really like the flavor. i highly suggest the california burrito
I wish I had found this group years earlier.  They have been wonderful with the entire family including my young son.
Awesome service and got me a cake within an hour! The white chocolate raspberry is awesome and so is there gluten free chocolate chip!
Very good food for a buffet!! \nTypical service level from a Chinese place, but no major complaints
Great tint job on my 2010 Toyota Avalon & my 1999 mit Galant
Couldn't be happier with my experience here. Got my first tattoo from Jack, who did a great job. Can't recommend this place enough.
I really really really really appreciate that they do NOT water down their ranch. I ordered poppers they were ok but their ranch \nThanks guys!
Gone every year since 2000, will continue to attend race events..
Excellent!  Very expensive, but everything I tasted was great and the service was wonderful.
Dr. Suarez is the most detailed doctor I've ever seen. Very thankful to have her as my primary doctor. Very professional and you go in quickly. 5 stars +
Excellent service. These ladies do a great job with gel nails (ask for Tam). They also offer waxing services!
Their bagels sandwiches are SO good! A bit pricey though.
Casual ambience, delicious food, with a wide variety of tastes (different flavor principles). Both full and half-size portions accommodate diners with large and smaller appetites.
We walked in and it seemed nice. However the waitress was probably the most rude person I have ever encountered. I will never go here again.
Such a fun spot for a date! The Breakfast Bowl with extra fruity pebbles is my favorite.
Fantastic customer service from Kayla, Haylee, and Justine!! They helped me find everything I was looking for. Highly recommended!!
Drinks are usually well made here, although the service is very slow, but you can expect that at almost every bbt store late at night.
Have used these guys multiple times and they always deliver.  Pricing extremely fair and techs are always thorough, professional, and polite.  Great company.
The foods are not bad. We ordered 100 pieces, but only got 98. My son said maybe the 2 pieces were the cucumbers.
I went here with a number of relatives and had a great time. The food was good and the atmosphere was right.
Best Fried Chicken i have ever had. Impeccable service. Nice ambience. Ill be be back. You should definitely treat yourself.
Food was pretty good but service extremely slow, and they forgot part of our order multiple times.
Great gym they have just enough equipment for what you need to have a full body workout
The Best goat curry.  Period.  In the world.  Thank goodness we found this place while staying in Brampton on business.
Walked out due to tech yelling at young girl that couldn't explain what she was looking for.
The food was great and the presentation was very nice. Overall, good place to eat on the strip.
Excellent food, a welcoming atmosphere and great service. I don't review often but I had to for this spot! Huuuuge portions and incredibly tasty!
Waited 45 minutes and they never even put water in the foot tub. Then helped 2 people who had came at least 20 minutes after me!
Good food, but not much food for the price. I got the biscuit and honey butter. My husband got a hamburger. It was good, but I expected more.
Steak was exceptionally tough...good flavor but hard to cut...maybe it was the knife.  Shrimp was good though.
Best bunsik spot in vegas or might be 2nd. But they havethe best awesome staffs and I can saywith confidence.
Nice place in cave creek area. nice outdoor and live music.
Super Extra Salty Crab legs? Seriously? Wtf?! Also, the steak is CRAP! This is a joke for $45\/person. Pffff...
A bit small but otherwise a Chipotle.\n\nGenerous portions. Delicious guac.
Great place to go with the family. Just watch out for the duck poop! It's everywhere!!
I was in and out in 15 minutes. Great service. Would go back. Very friendly.  They made some suggestions on filters but no pressure to buy.
Always professional and reliable service for big or small jobs. I highly recommend their services.
Always friendly. I enjoy the do it yourself toppings option. Great deals and specials too.
Nice variety of dogs and burgers. Place has tasty vegetarian alternatives. Come alone, with friends, family or just you and the kids.
Since moving here in vegas, by far the best Mexican Restaurant ive been to so far.
I use to love Burger King but these one really killed it for me order a whopper and smelled n tasted like it was burned was nasty
26 taps of happiness! Cool vibe, great music, awesome bartenders (beeristas), and growler fills!
Cute cosy small place. Known for their grilled cheese, which are yumminess by the way ;) \n\nStaff are very friendly. Definitely will go back for some fancy grilled cheese!
this place is the best place ever. its pricey but its worth every single dollar. best filet in town and strong cocktails
Great food great service! Love the Panang Curry and Pad Thai. I'll definitely come back to try this again!
Great park. Always nice people around. Good fishing.
Brisket was very dry. Prices are nearly double what they should be. Desserts are not homemade - they're dufflet. Weak effort. Give the place 6 months.
Although I think the tacos are a overpriced, they are absolutely delicious! The home made tortilla makes a huge difference! Definitely a place to satisfy your tacos craving
Some of the best BBQ I've had, their sliced brisket was just perfect, ribs had a just that right smokey flavor, and their banana pudding was delicious
The best brunch we have had in AZ. Even their scrambled eggs are better than any I've ever had. Adorable patio too.
Great atmosphere, service, and food. Enjoyed a Chicago thin crust Numero One-O and garlic bread. It is refreshing to find a great pizza chain this good.
I found the exact table I'd been looking for, and the sales person Boris was very nice and helpful.
Best place!!!! Been coming here for quite a long time and it is my go-to for Hot and Sour soup. Try the Tottie Rolls, YUM!!!!
Go for the Applewood Burger and Sriracha Honey Wings. Food was delicious and well prepared.  First time here but I will definitely be back!
Menu has decent variety for a chain bar\/restaurant. Staff attentive, particularly Dan the bartender. Can get pretty noisy.
Super cool shop!! Very helpful staff. Alex the security guard was super friendly!!! All in all a fun experience!
Way too expensive!  We just ordered Papaya salad and 2 orders or sticky rice with mango and it came to $33.00?????!!!!!
Great company! Dane is super helpful, I honestly have nothing but good to say. Try them out!
Fresh and authentic Chinese food. We especially love their seafood dishes. They also make the best hot and sour soup I've ever had. It's perfect for whatever ails you!
Very good and the best hospitality I've had in s while \nYou got to try the fajitas their to die for lunch they have great specials
Great place. Lots of selections from the heat pressed rolls to all of their great salads. \nHighly recommended!
Server was a little slow for the restaurant not being busy, but the food was incredible! Will definitely come here again!
Love there pastry and soups! I do not like the sandwiches got one of mine burnt. Other that that, great service
They pass on the $.35 debit fee on to their customers, with the amount of volume and sales they have this should be a cost of doing business, 1-star.
I live near this place and its the best place to take visitors!  They make it extra special, and have a good happy hour.
Chicken nuggets are hella burnt, making me think they were re-fried !!! And didnt even give me my dipping sauce!
Shitty place with shitty service and bad attitude employees... i rush this wasnt the closest
The food at this place is incredible!!!  However the service is the worst I have ever seen!  The staff is slow as molasses and all look so unhappy?
If you like extremely strong and rich coffee, this may be your jam, but to me there's more to a cup of coffee than its strength.
my favorite of all department stores.....shoe department is pretty good, especially during the anniversary sales!
Fantastic and unique selection.  The staff us friendly and always helpful.  My favorite place for children's' gifts.
I was so sad when I received my Togo order of a burnt, hollow bagel  like comeeeeonnnnnn
Great happy hour! The mussels were delicious and loved the thin crust pizza!!  Definitely recommend!!!
This is the place for inspections, they are extremely efficient and fast. Have been going here for 7 yrs. never had a problem
guilty pleasure pizza! always has fast delivery. I really like it
I'm Argentine, and this is the only restaurant I've found in Vegas with Argentine food!  Great empanadas and sandwiches, mmmmm.\n\nNot much atmosphere, but they do take-out at least.
This place is amazing!!! The cocktails, appetizers and entrees are impeccable. I've had 5 star restaurants on the strip and The Sparkling is by far the best.
This restaurant closed down as of Aug. 31st 2013. In its place is a swanky new dim sum restaurant.
Babysitting! YEAH! Babysitting at the movies--one of the best ideas ever. Check your little one in while you catch a movie!
The owner got me in same day even though he was already busy. The price was very fair and the job was very well done. Solid!!!
The food is very good here but the prices are a little steep for breakfast.  It is nice to have a good breakfast joint in Moon Valley.
This is an excellent nail spa. Very clean! Grrat signature pedicure! Highly recommend to be pampered and relieve stress. Give you wine,  water, or soda pop.
Just a regular gas station...It's a RedBox which is a plus...gas is reasonable...Milk no longer 2 for $5 which is a downer but still cheaper than Kauai's $9.32 MUAHAHAHA.
My two new puppy customers loved their play time at this park.   Very well maintained and everyone was very friendly.. Highly recommended. \nLiz tin\nSouth End Pet Sitting\nsouthendpetsitting.com
Gave this another try last night...... fish tacos were cold. It's not like the fish is thick, but I guess it's frozen. Won't be going back.
Subpar sushi, not memorable sashimi, awful service.
Loved the place. Best sushi I've tried in a while. Complementary hand roll while I was waiting for my order was a nice gesture. Lovely staff too
I have  soup and salad at the bar from time to time. Valdin there is awesome. Always a great experience.
Great place especially to take clients. One of the coolest hidden locations in Vegas.
Love this place! Can't say enough good things. From everyday cleaning to special projects, hemming, sewing etc. Fast and good prices!
Great service, being a soccer fan they really knew how to put on a party while also showing the world cup on their millions of tvs!
Love the food... it's a little pricy, but unique and delicious! \n\nI want to try the Big Wack next!
Friendly service. Great place to hangout with the family, paying games, and having a treat!
Rich replaced the piping in my shower quickly and for a fair price. He was very prompt and courteous. Will be calling him back for all plumbing needs.
Great cocktails and service!! \nOur server Paulina was fantastic!!!\nBloody Mary's were tasty...
I love this place! They have everything to make your vehicle look great! From car alarms and stereos to the grill and chrome handles for my truck!
Great service, fresh excellent fish and chips, cute decor... reasonably priced- what more could you want? Love this spot!
As always, fast, friendly and delicious.  Great choice of enchilada fillings and toppings.  God price.  Decent, casual atmosphere.  Good local beer selection.\n\nDefinitely come back.
It was really really disappointing. Nothing was tasty. Several things were inedible. Definitely not worth the money spent.
Great experience! We were tired from walking at the strip and this was heaven sent. We will come back for sure!
This place is awesome!! Ambiance is amazing and the food is killer!! Order some fettuccine allegro extra chicken and you got a party in your mouth!
No one on the floors to help and they are not knowledgeable on any of the coupons. Avoid this location.
I'm a huge fan of tortilla soup and the fact that I got to add braised beef to it as an alternative to chicken was awesome!
Exceptional Chinese Hakka food. I highly recommend this place. Been there twice already and I can't wait to go back again. Food is just yum yum!!
This is my favorite location of Brixx pizza. They have the best spinach and artichoke dip hands down.
Garlic Knots were scrumptious! I also had Pinwheels with broccoli, chicken and cheese Yummmm!
Apple store is an Apple store. Nice, clean, simple. I could spend my life savings here.
Annie did an amazing job on lengthening the shelves on my sons suit jacket! She completed on time as promise.
Omg!!! Amazing experience! Awesome staff! I am so excited to show off my new smile! Thank you sooo much True Teeth Whitening!
Awesome diner with an upbeat vibe.  Food is served in huge portions and can always be shared.
It was awesome!!! All desserts and drinks were good!! Try everyone!\nInterior is also modern and fashionable.
Great eggs benedict, huge omelettes. Service was okay and the owner was very nice. Cash only so make sure you have cash handy.
This place has become our favorite Mexican food spot. Good food, friendly service and close to our home.
Way overrated because the place is sooooo small and parking sucks so bad.....great quality food and price but thats it.
They do not back up the products they sell even though they could return it to the factory for an exchange.
Great atmosphere, the staff always remembers return customers, they could not be any nicer and the food, amazing. I could eat there every day!
Good food little busy to sit and stay long but love the French onion soup. First time at this location just happened to driving past
The delivery is so helpful.  The soap is an added bonus.  thanks for helping me get my medications on time.
My issue became nonexistent once sal. The manager took care of me thanks sal. However, I don't eat enough to really take full advantage of the seafood buffet.
Red curry Thai mussels were amazing!  The waiter offers great beer selections to accompany the food choices. Our bartender Greg was outstanding! Definitely recommend and will come back!
Sadly, the pastor announced his resignation for health reasons. I overheard the cancer word in discussions after. My prayers are with you Father.
Such a nice and unique restaurant. The tapas are great and waiters are too. One of my favorite places in Cleveland and great place to visit on the eastside.
Stephanie did an amazing job I never felt better after a massage I can not wait till our next session which will be two hours
Really nice chill back lounge. Very private and inexpensive. Good place for locals and tourist.
Enjoying good music and good drinks and conversation with Chris. He makes you feel welcome and at home. See you soon!!
The people that work here are awesome! They are always so nice and helpful and they always remember my manager and I, right down to the drinks we order
Jade was so awesome!!!!!!! Helped a lot , knew a lot about the menu- waitress was super busy so jade took over!
Have eaten a Battista's in the past. Decided to try it again but found the attitude of the hostess a bit unfriendly so we decided to leave.
Good spot for meet ups. I dig the upscale bar food. Hunter, the bartender, is super rad.
Wide selection of products and all of the employees were friendly and helpful. Thank you for a great visit!
GREAT food in a low-key place. Well-flavored, well cooked.  Nice staff.
best spot for a nice homemade lunch. Also, Iced americanos are LIFE!! Felix and Jessica are a bundle of joy and brighten my day.
Funny story, everything I wrote, I meant! I accidentally used my husband's YELP page, oops. I am Kim & I LOVE Di Luxe Polish Lounge!
Delicious food and awesome service! We ordered chicken waffle and the chicken is so tender!! My wife loves their watermelons in the dish.
This pace is great I never set an appointment and every barber delivers excellence. One of my favorite barber shops hands down.
I came for jazz and blues, but no trace of that here.  It's cool, but it's gaudy.  I expected to pay less for my drink.
Very friendly staff and their soups, sandwiches, and salads are delicious! Good place to go if you're in a hurry as well!
First time here, fantastic service & the miso ramen was awesome. The portion size was perfect for the price. Can't wait to go back!
Good food. Fast service. Friendly and accommodating staff. Loved the pad se ewe, chicken with orange glaze, and panang with salmon. Planning on coming back.
Incredible sauces made up the the chefs.  Always a great place to go. The kiri and rolls are unique and very good.  Staff is always great.
A great classic local place with top service and consistently great food ... If they offered Beefeaters it would be perfect, but five stars non-the less...
The service was a bit slow and it wasn't busy at all. However, awesome decor and enjoyed the Sushi
Always pleasant to deal with & I like the fact that they have the Hybrid Shop with the necessary equipment to test & maintain Hybrid vehicles.
Its a irons only driving range but it is priced right and centrally located.
Atmosphere was great, the octopus was delicious  with the balsamic reduction as a nice touch. Had a nice lunch and the price was very reasonable
Beware of this company. They will rip you off just like what other reviewer says. They are now DBA Sun City Garage Door. Check out my review. http:\/\/bit.ly\/2qevAii
No heat in the limo on a pretty cold night! Outrageous. Driver is not very accommodating. Very disappointing.
Excellent school with a wide range of classes, and a perfect program for people with odd schedules & cant commit to monthly memberships.  Highly recommended!
Worse customer service ever! Karen you re lucky u have a job  i would never hire you rude rude!!
Abe was AMAZING!!!!! They were close to closing and still helped up out. Great customer service!! These guys ROCKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great food, loved the decor and the staff was very sweet.
Amazing tacos, and Carne  Asada fries  plan on to go for sure no seating. Worth the time for take out
Chris Berg was great! He made a difficult process easy and pain free
Nice atmosphere, good food. A little pricy but I guess that's how things are in downtown PHX
OMG Yummy!!!! 5 stars if they had had the wine on the menu that I ordered. One of the best pizzas ever!
Great place for lunch, always enjoyed my katsu curry or teriyaki chicken! Friendly service and authentic Hawaiian food.
good stuff  like that it is separated by size lots of knick knacks and kitchen stuff. Great variety
Always consistent great food, service and drinks! \n\nAlways a fan of this place, it's a little noisy but also a sports place so understandable! \n\n5\/5
YOU CAN GE MF FRUIT LOOPS ON UR MF HOT DOG! think about that folks, just let that sink in
An awesome dealership. The people are helpful, knowledgeable, and kind! The faculty is very clean and stylish!!
Yummy fusion!! The jade chicken is the very best! The refrained black beans were delicious and fresh. Wash it down with an ice cold Tsingtao.
I take friends visiting Las Vegas to the Peppermill so that they can see the restaurant used in the movie Casino.
The food is always great you can tell they use better ingredients than the competition it may cost more but its well worth it
I had the mussels for an appetizer and I loved them! The vodka penne was good. Tiramisu was light and tasty. Service was good. More like a 3.5 Star
this buffet was reasonably priced and had wide variety of foods for breakfast.  i recommend it!
VERY happy to have found some REAL barbecue in this town.  Been missing the stuff since I left Kansas City almost 4 years ago.  I will be back!
Penn Automotive repaired and repainted rear bumper scratches. The did a wonderful job; highly recommended!
This restaurant, bar is so much FUN! Darts, Dinner and a great time with great food! Wait staff was wonderful!
Well priced for straightforward haircut!  I will come back.  I recommend calling for appointments.
The staff is terrible.  Since I am rarely able to see Dr. Grade, it will be easy to leave to find another gynecologist with a friendly, inviting staff.
Food good. Nice atmosphere. Good place to chill. Dumpling are good price. The rest of the menu bit price. Music not to loud
Nice decor and ambiance. Great family feel. Food was ok. It wasn't in the top 25% of Mexican breakfasts I've tried.
Great place to keep the kids busy. Customer service is friendly and lockers are free here unlike Skyzone.
Awesome food! Menu accommodates vegans and meat eaters and they usually have a good beer selection. Keep in mind seating is tight.
Great Mexican food!! We had Mother's Day brunch here and the food was amazing. We will continue to come back for the great food and service.
Really pretty park in the middle of Phoenix. The club house is set up like an old Spanish mission and has terrific views out back.
Worst hamburger I have had. On toast. Fake butter flavor on it. Had the applitizer. So much salt on it. Tried scraping salt off. Still way to much.
Tiffany has been doing my Shellac manicures since I moved back to Scottsdale. She's done a great job, and I enjoy my time with her and at the salon!
Best bakery I've been to in a while, hands down! Not pretentious, reasonable pricing, an array of different pastries that never disappoint! I recommend this place to everyone.
Pretty sweet and quick for breakfast. Try it! Little silver dollar size pancakes are perfect for toddlers!
Bud light. No locals allowed. Well maybe the VIP. This is not who we want in Phoenix. This is not what we've been fighting for.
If you want true Texas smoked brisket. Try this place hands done the best BBQ in AZ.  Absolutely everything in this place is amazing. Try the homemade pickles.
Chill place, good drinks, fun time. Good bartenders and bodyguards keep it safe. Cool stufff, recommend to anyone
Holy cow this place is good! I'm on my DDD tour, and this BBQ did not disappoint! I had the brisket sandwich. I highly recommend it.
Not the friendliest customer service.  Prices okay.  Look for deals on their website.
Everything was overcooked. I'm gonna try ask if they can cook medium well next time I'll give them more stars.
Amazing, tasty, delicious and yummy. The down southern feel makes you feel like you're visiting family. I loved the decor and ambiance. I will be returning for more.
Just wish I could find an online menu\/website that works:(
Love my leopard runt nails by Anthony. He knows exactly what l like in the print. Only two fingers per hand I always get compliments on them. Thanks, Anthony.
I got diesel at this \"Chevron\" in Chandler, AZ on 12\/11\/2009 for my R.V. \"The Black Pearl\".  It was my first time there.  The prices were competitive.
I was eager to like this place and support a small business; however, the food was mediocre at best, and the service spotty. Will not be returning.
Unimpressed to say the least. Large portions and there's something special about Vegas waiters but the food was ok. Definitely won't be back.
This Place is Great. \n\nGreat place to watch a pens game.\n\n\nThe wings were phenomanal
Always clean. Always get an awesome leg and foot massage. Gets busy on the weekends so if in a rush make an appointment.
This place is beyond words! You have to come experience it for yourself. You will NOT be disappointed. \nA magical experience if you love matcha!
Great food and amazing wine selection with knowledgeable and friendly staff!
Service was excellent and food was amazing. Well worth the drive from Newcastle!
I go here at least once a week for great real NY style Pizza and subs!! Friendly staff!! Definitely check this place out!!
Not the fanciest place, but the lunch buffet was excellent. I'll definitely go back to try dinner.
Horrible service.  The guy, John, who took my order was a rude prick.  Never even got the food.  Do NOT order from this establishment!
This place is AWESOME!!  Great choices and high quality ingredients.  Customer service is friendly and very helpful.
Very pleasantly surprised. Everything is pure b nice. Dishes in the ratio of price and quality are ideal. The waitress quickly oriented and gave advice.
Indulge your inner Ukrainian at this place.  Try the sweet perogies filled with berries!
Bad service, nasty Chinese food. Servers walk like turtles. Do not eat here.  U will rather take taxi to china town for better food.
Cool barbershop. Good people . Very professional. First time there and had a lot of return customers!
Acai bowl- yes please. Amazing, even if it is a little pricey.
Delicious Indian food buffet brunch\nBeautiful decor, excellent service \nQuiet place to relax and enjoy a meal
Great food but with rudest and racist servers!! These people don't even know what manners and respect is. Siomai's are only for lunch which is sad.
It's the only place to go!! They are the only ladies I feel comfortable doing my nails! And talkative and friendly!!!!
Great gyro and our family loves the rice. Great option before a movie. Great little place.
Good food, but a bit pricey. I enjoyed the pho and the fried rolls, which were done just right.
If you need your nails done fast this is the place to go they were quick and professional and I love the look of my new nails
The service was very good. The drinks were strong and tasty and the meals were also great. An overall pleasant experience.
Went there for my first time today with my husky, Jasper. Wonderful service, great products, and very reasonable prices for the excellent quality! Will definitely be back!
I've only been here once and I am not really a fan. It is cash only, and the food was just not tasty.
Fresh and delicious food prepared as you order, no pre-made stuff. Feeling hungry try the add ons...great combo with the soup and tuna sandwich.
I asked for a cappuccino and the milk was sour. Dude thought he should argue with me about it so I got a refund.
So impressed with everyone at Deb's. They are so kind to my animals. The grooming is the best. Highly recommended
Small arcade, lacks selection and many of games that my kids were interested in were more expensive in long run va the pay per time concept. \n\nWon't go back.
Cool spot. Bartender was great. Daily drink specials. Wayne tested us like locals. Patriots are number one!
Always have friendly staff and the are quick to make your order and open on the weekends
Tried this place for the first time tonight and it was amazing! Everything was flavorful and the staff was really helpful! I will definitely go again. And again.
Order the sorrel tea. It is really good!
Delicious, savory, fresh fish melts in your mouth. It's so good that I dream about the seared tuna and spider rolls. The best sushi in Arizona!
Delicious as always! Great food and service!! Not to mention their drinks!! Yuuum highly recommend this place!!
Loved the atmosphere not to mention the food. Would  highly recommend if looking for authentic Italian pizza. Much love.
Score! I paid $10 for enough tickets to win a tiny piece of crap kaleidascope!
Loved this place the first 2 times I went and then the same dish wasn't as good... However, the salmon is always amazing. I love the atmosphere!!!
Eggplant burger, pale ale and got a complimentary shot! It's a comfortable and casual spot with outdoor and indoor seating. Pleasant server and reasonable prices.
So so...friendly service, average portions, fairly good food. Pho, banh mi, the usual suspects.\nNot the best I've had but I'd go again, if I was in the neighborhood.
Old town dress code for mill ave, plus the dress code only applies to people of color
Great bar food and the reuben with Hooley sauce was amazing. Probably not great for my heart or pant size but amazing nonetheless. Worth a visit for sure
Shame because terrible customer service doesn't make up for the really good food...at least for me.
Food here was absolutely delicious. Everything we got was great and would recommend anything. It is a bit dressy so keep that in mind.
Very good job.  I am extremely satisfied!  Will return to have my Mini done!
First visit for oil change and Mark was extremely helpful and honest. Great job guys!!!
All I've tried from here was the Dos Leches nut milk, and it was enough for me to write a 5 star review. Holy yesssss!!!!! So good.
This is my new favorite place in Vegas. The yardbird crunchy chicken sandwich is to die for!! Excellent cocktails!!
Les meilleurs bagels de Montréal.\nOn assiste en direct à la fabrication et les objets de notre convoitise passent encore tout chauds du four à notre bouche. Un délice.
the Chrissy hynde is yummmmmy and I would definitely come back. this is my second time here and it is so good :)
I have been using their services for many years. Especially monograms on towels. They are the best, great work and always deliver as promised. Highly recommended.
Love this food City !The cashier's are always helpful and friendly ! the food is good at the food station too!
Best meal of my life, and I eat out all the time.  World class service and food.  Can't say enough about this place.
They did great on my hair,  knew exactly wanted and was able to achieve the look I desired. I am definitely happy with the service provided
Night girl working at a snails pace...I left after 15 minutes the incompetent nature is astounding, won't be back!
My favourite dumpling place in town. Authentic Chinese dumplings they offer. Highly recommend the shrimp\/chives and the cilantro dumplings. Will go as long as I m still in GTA
Great place for breakfast or lunch. Reasonably priced, good service, fresh well made food. What more could you want.
Amazing. I loved it. Joseph the bartender\/ mixologist made amazing cocktails, he is an artist with alcohol. The food was great and so was the service.
i wish this clinic would accept Spay\\Neuter Vouchers.
Best ny style pizza in the metro. Also, love the weekly specials. I recommend the pizza, pasta, and all the dishes. Best Italian experience in town
Rico, the bartender, was awful. He was rude, failed to offer drink refills, and was slow giving us the check.
I love this store! Great service, friendly\/helpful service, Don't forget your coupon!
Love this place! Great smoothie and juices, as well as amazing sandwich's and salads! Been coming here for almost 10 years!
I live in Massachusetts. I expected cheaper prices. They weren't. The produce looked good.
Best fish tacos I've had in a while!!\nI was expecting mediocre. Nope, definitely better than most places in the city. \n6 tacos for $28 taxes in
One of the bars that has ufc! Good drinks but chicken wings could be more spicy than sweet
Had another fantastic meal at Lazy Dog! Diane is a great server, attentive!  The manager brought us complimentary candied bacon, what?
Dedra is awesome!  One day later and skin is great.....no bumps at all.....not even one! and only slight redness on bikini line. Best Brazilian ever!
First time here & I'm smitten  where have I been hiding that I've been missing out on this. Customer service was GREAT & environment felt very welcoming & positive
For yogurt it's great customer service... So so, very clean large selection now if only the employees acknowledged you and smiled!
Blade is a amazing and entertaining server! You can tell she loves customer service and I appreciated her enthusiasm especially since we had a large party!
Very good and great friendly service I will be returning to this place try it!! Got the fried rice with shrimp veryyyyy spicy but oh so good
Good vegetarian selection. Decent prices. I can't get Indian food where I live. I stock up here when in Vegas
My favorite restaurant! The staff is great. The owner is great. You should upload a photo of that AMAZING person that won the photo contest!!!
I have been coming here for years, and it has always been my got to for sushi. The food is always great and everyone is nice. Definitely recommend!
This place will amaze you. Great food and service from the grill. Friendly staff.  Far exceeded my expectations.
I made a special request - ordering something that wasn't exactly on the menu. Got exactly what I wanted and food quality was excellent.
Good and fair prices compare to Staples and OfficeDepot.  Much friendly employees too.
Terrible service, employees have no idea what they are doing. I had such a bad experience that I will be cancelling my tmobile service
We made same day reservations to move into a midsize unit.  All transactions were professional.  Staff was nice and helpful.
All i have to say is this place is - Grrrrreat ! Very relaxing lounge and good place to eat after midnight .
Green land is the best for their asian cuisine food court.  Great variety in foods.\n\nthe only negative is that they don't slice their fresh meats thinly.... ;(
A little disappointed with this buffet .\nService was great but selections were slim. The seafood made up for the meat choices.
Had a great time at $2 taco night! Great food! And service was amazing! Thanks to our server Lauren!
I stop in on every visit to Charlotte\nOnce a month.  Also a regular at the Atlanta location. Great Sushi every time
PERMANENTLY CLOSED. Prantl's will expand into the Mancini's space.
Loved the eclectic tacos and fun environment of the bar. Very attentive wait staff. I hope to return soon.
Terrible food. Was charged for something I didn't get. Took 15 min for manager to take off the 75cent charge. DO NOT GO HERE
I love Dr Hannah! He changed my life I am 1 year post surgery 100 lbs lighter. I have so much energy and a better life style.
I guess i went on an off day. The pepperoni pizza was salty, greasy, and rubbery. Mediocre at best...
The only Montblanc boutique in Canada (with very friendly staff)!!!
New ownership and no more Alex.   Service went way down. I'm not sure about the food. Stay away!
Awesome place to board your pets...really cool sports theme in the play room. Their new groomer did a great job on our schnauzer this morning. Thanks
Awesome time!  Frank and Cody are great.  The scooters are fun and the views are amazing!
I have always gotten good sevice there, Love coming there with my kids or when it's just me and my husband
Geat food, especially braun rice sushi!
The food was awesome and the staff was wonderful. Kudos to the big guy flipping burgers and slicing meat.
Met for a business lunch.  The server was attentive, salad was good pizza was excellent. It is a perfect mom-and-pop pizzeria for downtown Glendale. Grazie!
Great service. Work was done in 1\/3 of the quoted time and employees we knowledgeable about their products. Great place didn't lowball or upsell me.
Great service- The crew was on time and finished the job quickly. My tile is super clean thank you
They overnighted meds my dog needed.  And they helped!!  Thanks Roadrunner!
Did good job of cleaning our clients carpet. It was an exterior carpet on an open screen patio so lots of dust and dirt. \n\nLooks good now. Thank you
Awesome place,  super friendly staff,  the store manager rocks and so does Chelsea!! Can't wait to go back here,  some of the best selection in town and reasonably priced!!
Food is always excellent and so is the service. If you make it during holiday season, you should try the salted caramel martini. Yum!
Went on a Wed night and ordered way too much food!  Everything was great, Including the service!  Place is very clean and nice, will definitely be back!!
Justin, Sean and the staff always give great customer service!! Keep up the good work
The action is near the bar. For-two seating is bland, lacks creativity, had sharp bright spot lighting, and is too cramped for intimacy.
I usually love Roy's but this visit  was just okay. I had the kona coffee pork and it was seriously lacking in flavor. The service was excellent as usual.
Food is pretty good, the beer is better.  This is a good place for larger groups, a little something for everyone.
Paige was awesome and a total sweetheart! Helped us from the beginning, and all of her recommendations were on point. Great experience!!
My children adored it! Takes you back in time. Ice cream was amazing as well. We will be back!
Food and service was excellent. Our server Victoria was courteous and always on top of everything. I will def be returning.
I am a regular here so I know the staff. They are super friendly and efficient. I love this location and its convenience
They have some really delicious, creative rolls! They also have a great happy hour from 2-5 and 8-close with $5 sake bombs and several rolls!
Came here for a leather jacket repair. Process took about a week and was quoted $20. I'm very pleased with the work and would definitely recommend!
Placé juste en face du parc laurier, Bo Bec est pour moi un des meilleurs glaciers de montreal (la glace menthe chocolat est divine!)
I used Lori for my wedding flowers.  They were absolutely gorgeous.  She was easy to work with although we had some issues with emailing.
The sales staff are knowledgeable, eager to assist but not in a boisterous way and even guided me to other options for my purchases!  Always grateful for you guys!!!
Quick response, great service and professionalism.   So many other contractors wouldn't even return calls.  Very happy and will use them again.
love love love!!! the food is phenomenal! this place is my go to spot, wont go anywhere else, who ever is in the area you need to try it
Needed to fill a prescription and this was the closest pharmacy. Unfortunately they close at 5pm on Saturday! How disappointing.
Rude admin staff and very hard to reach. Always had to call several times and\/or leave several messages. Always felt like I was bothering them.
It's ok. It's right next door to my favorite nail shop. \nI honestly wouldn't recommend it. Service and staff are very cool. But I'll take a pass
I always go to this place and they never disappoint! They are always so nice and gentle. Definitely worth your money!
Good food great atmosphere in the heart of downtown Phoenix.  I take a lot of my customers here for lunch.
Great smoothies, terrible service. Everyone who works there is nice but sooooooo slow. Be prepared to wait 30 minutes for your smoothie.
Impressionism on canvas and via photograph. Well curated trope. See it now! Especially if you did NOT see pix at Met show a few months ago. Hotspur
Just purchased  some tires at the Costco on Hayden.  Rene the service manager is an excellent employee.  Great patience and knowledge.  Costco cannot do any better than him.
Awesome food.  Went for lunch.  Staff couldn't have been nicer as I was a ramen novice.  Great location too.
Getting my front tire tube changed up after their soft opening!\n\nNice space, right near Taco Bell and the guys were friendly and knowledgable.\n\nThe space is cool and industrial
who runs out of potatoes so early on a sunday? that's #1 brunch time, fam. how am i supposed to eat my eggfast without potatoes? french fries instead smh.
excellent  customer service by Erwin he was pleasant upbeat and helped me quick he is a keeper
So many different flavor options. LOVE their boba. Some places don't have the right texture or consistency of boba, but theirs is perfect.
Amazing coffee selection; bakery selection is fab as well. Prices are much better than Starbucks for sure!!!
Love this one!  The guac is sooo good!  I'm also a fan of the chicken fajita soup!  The service and food is always consistently good!
excellent lunch specials... always something new and delishious. wings are some of the best in charlotte
The guacamole and queso dip for the chips was delicious. Nice beverage menu and the steak quesadilla was pretty good.
In town for baseball from Milwaukee.... Great way to spend and afternoon in Pittsburgh. Picked up delicious bread, a beautiful bracelet and awesome lunch. Highly recommend to anyone visiting.
This location is conveniently located in the target center on the south end and has a drive thru but the parking lot is small.
It's Saturday morning and you only have one person working ? This line is terrible ... not worth waiting ... seriously
The worst experience of my life. Cut my hair extremely short and gave me bangs with out asking. Uneven layers. Would not recommend anyone to go here. Terrible.
One of the best sports bars around. The food is always good and the servers are always nice! \nWe usually get burgers or ribs, both are great choices.
Our time here felt like it was an inconvenience. Our waitress was disinterested and inattentive. We will never return.
Awesome service. Got me in and out in a short time. Manager was friendly and accommodating.
Best Chums make happy humans and beloved pets. Best groomer in town.\n\nDon't waste your time with others. This lovely lady is wonderful.
Great atmosphere and quick service. Loved the firecracker salmon! Will definitely continue going to this location!
Many times I've been ignored or treated rudely here.  I feel like I'm an interloper, not welcome.  Maybe that's their thing, but I prefer good customer service.
Nice place. Coffee is good and reasonably priced.  Good place to get some coffee and use the wifi.
The classes are great.  Jasmine is fantastic!.  This last visit was my first private class.  I loved it! I will be back.
Sub par at best, our waitress was rushed even though it was slow and order came out wrong.
So far so good! Awesome atmosphere, taste appetizers and great wait staff! Definitely will be back and the sushi looks amazing! Check this place out
The food was great. The flavors seemed authentic. The food seemed to be made from good quality ingredients. I would definitely go back.
Good Fast Food Mexican food with good salsa choices (considering it is fast food).\n\nEspecially good for an early lunch when Diablos isnt open yet.
Best and last true Italian spot in Vegas. Good food with great portions, and you get your money's worth!
Great family run restaurant.  Good food.  Restaurant is small and can get packed on weekends.  Often order delivery.  My favourite is Pork Vermicelli and Green Curry Chicken.
This place is totally Awesome!! its a great place to hung out and play games, they have all kinds of different pinball machines, you will love it!!!
Pizza is good.  Service is not.  Most recent trip, ordered Works with no green peppers.  My receipt clearly say no green peppers, but there are peppers on this pizza!
Put on the air conditioning. Warm drinks. Furniture needs upgrade. Dirty. Not a pleasant visit.
This place was great. Good atmosphere, super kid friendly, and the ice cream was so good and unique!
Went here for a tan.  Never even knew it was there ... very clean hotel.  Not bad for a business trip.
My new favorite for the summer heat! As always I am treated like a VIP and this was the new recommendation for me. Ahi tuna salad
The staff seems to truly take pride in what they do. If you choose to come here you will not be disappointed!
Good food and good service! Located near Circus Circus. Good cocktails and prices were reasonable. Good family restaurant.
The staff is very friendly and helpful. The pharmacists are very knowledgeable. This is a true neighborhood pharmacy!
Drivers are disrespectful to neighborhood. Throwing trash out window on a residential street is NOT OK!
Came on a Tuesday night for dessert. Wasn't busy at all. Service was fast.  Huge portion of ice cream.
Flavors tasted good. Sample as many flavors as you want. Pay by cup and not by weight. Clean and bright location.  Good variety of toppings. Great addition to Verrado.
Always enjoy going here.. The staff is very nice. I usually just have lunch.. But today I ate here for breakfast and it was delicious
I love the buffets here every weekend. Variety of appetizers and desserts each time!\nTomato Rasam is like no other..!! \n\nOne of the best South Indian restaurant in Pittsburgh!
This place is delish you have to try there pepperoni pizza it's the simplest dish but they have this garlic sause that you will LOVE.
Just moved to Brentwood and right down the road was this bar. Exactly what a great dive bar is. Great bartender. Can't wait to go again.
Amazing in every sense. Make a reservation before you go as they were really busy. \n\nI had the meatloaf with puréed potatoes. Great food at a great price.
5star's... Excellent. Ceviche n Shrimp, Wind Beneath my Wings!!!!! One Night to Bangkok!!!
One of my favorite little places. I always recommend the chicken chipotle panini, but everything I've had there is very good. I am a big fan of their hummus.
When in Las Vegas, make sure to get off The Strip and visit this place. They offer great food too!
Love Someone Else's bar! Mexican Mondays!! Also the sweet potato fries are great!
I love Robert cromeans salon. They make my hair look dope.  They do a helluva manzillian.
Rachel was the best! Made me feel at home and warm. Will always keep me coming back. Woo.
Awesome staff! I recommend the strawberry mochi and the pho is good. The hot pot is good as well!
Always the first place I stop when we get to Vegas!!! My favorite drink of all times Peach Bellini with 2 vodka shots...
The cardamom noix was the BEST, not too sweet and full of nuts, give you a complicated texture and refreshing flavor
Spicy meatballs on mashed potatoes covered with gravy!  Need I say more.  If you are hungry for comfort food, skip the upstairs roof bar and stay downstairs!
Dragon Palace is fantastic. The staff is friendly and the food is excellent.  The potstickers are to die for and the chili dipping sauce is amazing!
The hours are posted and they are never here. They also never answer their telephones. Don't waste your time and money on such a. U professional place.
First rate service. Great steaks. Great place. The manager even came by the table because he heard we were here for the first time....
Had the brisket and pulled pork platter w\/Mac and cheese. It was awesome. Fantastic food.
Awesome food, a bit pricy but totally worth it. I got the bacon Mac and cheese burger it was scrumptious!
We love this place.  The owner is so personable and you can tell she really loves animals!
During the wash the front license plate came off. Mentioned it to the manager and he attached it. Great service.
Good sushi!! The place is located on a very quiet, kindda ghetto part of Fremont but the sushi is excellent.
Come from the west side of Phoenix to chandler to have some boba. Good service and fast !
Really good food and presentation. Great service in a cute location! We loved how big the portions were and how accommodating they were to our needs\/requests.
Portions huge.  Service was great. Everything tasted great. Did the family meal with 2 entrees and soup and egg rolls. Great prices would definitely come back again.
Variety of healthy and fresh options for a quick, nutritious and delicious lunch - a highly recommended add to the lunch rotations of anyone working uptown!
best tripas in town. their staff is friendly and awesome. i recommend you ask for extra crispy, you won't regret it.
Good food great for take out to take to work. Always ready when I come to pick up. Really like their shrimp fried rice and soups.
The best part of this place is the atmosphere! Drinks are delicious! Food is good not great but it makes for a fun night out !
Good service, nice mom and pop place.  Cole slaw was awesome.  Will try it again for salads.
+ Superb quality food! A pleasurable atmosphere.The wheat tortillas are superb. Enjoy!
Had the XXXL with cheese and bacon. It was amazing! Haley was a superb server! Came by and checked on us constantly.
Love it. Love the fondue. I haven't had anything here I don't like. The service is great too.
A cozy, dim-lit place to have a date or catch up with friends with some good cocktails.
Should've read the review first before purchasing, horrible attitude!! If you hate your job that much, then leave. Nobody is forcing you to work there.
Travis Moore provided great customer service and was a pleasure to work with. I highly recommend reaching out to him regarding the purchase of a new vehicle.
Great sushi. Very fresh! Sushi rice was done perfectly and sushi servings were generous. Had to poke tuna bowl and salmon nigiri. Fantastic!
Service was good. Food was good. Just take note that some dishes are big enough to share.
Best tacos I've ever had. Best elotes. Best horchata. This place is my new fave taco spot and I'm coming here every Tuesday!
Stopped by for lunch while in south Charlotte for work. Nothing spectacular, but was a good choice for something different for lunch with coworkers. Tried the Pad Thai.
Excellent service, delicious food and cocktails, and beautiful decor! Perfect for date night or for a night out with friends!  My only regret is not ordering the soufflè!
Let just start off saying Linzy was amazing! She did an awesome job on my brows. Looking forward to my next appointment!(:
The food and atmosphere was alright. The service was great. They don't have lunch specials so it's a bit pricey to go for lunch. It's basically okay...
Nice place, we randomly came here because I was craving bread pudding. Good service, nice people. I will have to come back to actually have dinner!
It's family friendly, lively atmosphere, COMFORTABLE seating, and very yummy food!  Service was quick and attentive!  We will be back!
This is something that sits close to becoming an ice cream replacement for me. The serving is definitely for 2+ and ideal for summer time!
Excellent customer service n friendly salesmen for advises n many choices at design center. We picked what we want for our new home. Prices is very reasonable
The food was really good here, but the service was extremely slow! It took us about 10-15 mins for someone to get our order and our check.
Back for an oil change & new front tires! They are awesome!! Brian was so nice & reassuring!!
The popcorn is delicious! So so so delicious! Popcorn for the win! Except for the carmel corn, but I'm diabetic. This is my fault, not thiers though.
The line to check in was hour long from noon to 8 pm absolutly nuts
Best in the area for excellent authentic Italian food. Just browse through all the great reviews here...enough said:)))
Food was good, I love the whole atmosphere. We ate outside, it was really nice. My only complaint is the parking.
Ana is the best, I would follow her everywhere and the new location is perfect, always clean and customer friendly!
LOVE LOVE LOVE this little spot! Delicious food, great smiling staff, unique drinks and dishes. The food is top quality and impeccably prepared!
One of our partner stores, the mechanics and service is is top notch, I'm super confident in referring customers and clients here - Hutch -HBG-
All about the music for me here. Beer and wine fine...breakfast is worthwhile ...but sitting outside on warm evening listening to live bands is such a pleasure!
Great ramen with cool decoration and friendly people\n\nDefinitely some of the best ramen I've had\n\nCan't wait to return
Error
Incredible food and somewhat fancy. The portions are small but if you are looking for an authentic French place to eat, this is the right place.
We ordered online. It said 45-60 minutes but we got our food delivered in 20 minutes :) Their calzones are huge and taste great! Highly recommended!
Phenomenal service, great food, clean bathrooms, complimentary garlic knots and I'd go back weekly if I didn't live in St. Louis. Definitely stop!
This will be short and sweet. These folks will dish you out some Japanese food in a hurry... and for cheap.\n\nEven my vegetarian friend found something to eat.
You can't beat burrito boys when it comes to value. The burritos are great with a wide choice of filling (veggie, chicken, beef, fish) and toppings.
For a quick bite, good food and flavorfull, good fast service. Price about  $14 a plate good portion. Empanadas is bomb
Nice little surprise.  Very good food and friendly service.  One complaint, restaurant was pretty cold.
My new favorite sports bar. The food is great! Wings are ok, but ask for extra crispy and grilled and they come out pretty good.
@ Gol D apparently you don't know where you take your sewing machine to get repaired because we have never had an Ernue working here.
Simply perfect!! Animal style fries is the way to go. Drive through time was short. The employees were very friendly.
Excellent vegetarian selections! My wife and I had breakfast here twice! Highly recommend the Vegan French toast and the vegan waffles!
I've been in lots of so call pizzeria but this one is my favorite. The dough is do crunchie and very good.
Great little restaurant...I'm Vegan and they made me a veggie burrito,and I had some awesome guacamole and salsa...not forgetting the strawberry Margarita..Fabulous!
Very nice food. Complete value for money. We ordered for King pao chicken, orange chicken,veg chowmin.  Everything was delicious.  Would eat again when visit Chandler.
Friday, Saturday and Sunday good assortment but a little pricey.  Weekdays not as good a value for selection.
I highly recommend brookstone dental. Judy is an excellent hygienist and very knowledgeable. Thanks to a great team!
Thankful Red, White and Brew has stepped up their customer service! Received great care today and appreciate the attention to detail when caring for our table.
We came for brunch and it was very good! We got the quiche, Huevos rancheros, and French toast sticks. Everything was great- even the free biscuits!
Awesome TVs. Love the free breakfast (every day till noon - 3 eggs; sausage, bacon, hashbrowns and toast!!).
They carry a broad selection of pet food and supplements, and their prices are very competitive. Also livestock supplies and toys!
This place reuses the same food day after day. The staff are underpaid and absolutely miserable working here.
Great food. Very diverse menu for all kinds of pallets. Would definitely go back! Sushi, halibut & crab served at our table.  All were excellent.
Super delicious. Very flavorful. Spicy clams, ma po tofu, sweet and sour ribs, hot and sour soup were all very delicious
Best tacos. Highly recommended and I would definitely go again.  Great tacos and good variety.
Fantastic guest service, great stay in Old Town. The valet ordered golf cart rides for us everywhere, the front desk was personable and treated us really well.
Undercooked burgers, poor service, and overall bland food would prevent me from ever considering this restaurant as an option.
Been in town forever. 2 locations to serve which is nice. Not much used punk stuff but they try. Knowledgeable staff and a wide selection.
Nice little spot. good foid, fast service and reasonable prices. Definitely worth a visut. I know I will return.
Had another early dinner before a show here. Appetizer and service were good, but the main dish, encrusted tilapia was dry.
Went to Indie Ale. house for a Sunday din din and love it our server Skyler was quite helpful with the beer selection. Highly recommended.
Great food and exceptional service. Chef Matt has created a wonderful dining experience.
It does not have 24 hour delivery. Just saying. Tried to order but they would not deliver because of the time.
之前一直在肖医生这里做按摩，这次脖子扭到的了，本来不想做针灸的，结果做了，没想到效果出奇的好，本来脖子很痛的，现在舒缓了很好。还是很开心的。店里的环境也很好，工作人员也很细心耐心，非常好的体验。
Great casual place to eat even on short notice. Love the live music!
Did the day pool tour and complete shit show in an amazing way.  Great group and amazing host-they better have tipped her appropriately!  Definitely a must\nDo!
Loaded omelet (with nom nom potatoes) and strawberry banana smoothie - delicious.  \n\nOrder at the counter and then sit outside or inside.  Clean establishment.
Face it, Starbucks is always good! .It was a little chaotic at the drink pick up which was the only reason I didn't give 5 stars.
Britney cuts both my hair and my fiancee's.  Always excellent!!!  We both have curly hair, which can be tricky.  We've never been disappointed!
Above average Mexican food with unique Archatecture.  Service so-so.  A good place to take visitors from out-of-town for a unique Scottsdale  experience.
Reasons to order from here:\nLazy\nLate delivery hours\nModerate pricing\n\nReasons to not order from here:\nNot Lazy\nOther places are open\nWilling to pay a tad more for better quality food
I took a Catholic Nun for dinner and we enjoyed the company , waiter and the delicious food.
Best pizza in Royalton! Prefer New York Style the best, but this is still good pizza!
The Best Training to reach your goals, I have never have so much progress and technic until I got to this Gym
Great food, excellent service and wonderful family atmosphere. Would recommend this restaurant to anyone in the area to stop by and try. Thanks to Tyler for the great service.
get the pizza and sangria! The owner is amazing, true Italian and brought us an amazing nutella dessert!   mangia!
They have made the hot dog an art form. The flavors they build, and the creativity they use is top notch. If you haven't been, you are missing out.
This is what breakfast should be!  I am a regular at least once a week.  Monday's, the ranchero verde is the best in the state!
Always great service at this location! Close to the house and rented a clean ride. Had a great trip with thanks to Enterprise.
Cool Hispanic urban vibe.  Love the Dio de los Muertes wall art.  Great designer tacos and guac.
Variety, medium fast service. Premises is always clean and staff are friendly. Thank you for your help.
Walmart is a good place to shop for stuff, but there is not that much sales, and it is just not the best place to shop at.
This place has gone down hill steadily. I will not be going back.
Fresh. Tasty    Thank you honestly for doing a good job !  The vegetables are cooked perfect.  Fluffy rice. Great flavors.  Long line. A bit of a wait. WORTH IT
Burgers were overcooked and servers did not seem to understand English very well causing delays for everyone
The chicken is amazing!!!!! The rice and the beans  amazing !! Tummy is full and happy
NIce place,..food and service was good. The variety show they had when we were there was fantastic.  Wish we knew about it in advance.
Good food, clean and great for a private party. Ajax location is huge and can hold a boat load of people.
Everything is great except for the internet signal.  If I must use it, I get my drink\/food and leave.
Not a better late night or early morning 4 am place to eat! they win! The French style omelet was out of this world!
The interior was under construction but the massage was great and the service very good. Much more reasonably priced than strip spas and a very short taxi ride there.
A must have is the lobster and shrimp mac & cheese!!\nIt is amazingly delicious. Warm and perfectly mouth watery
Ideal pour prendre pour apporter l'été et manger au parc d'en face ou sur place mais avec la concentrations des odeurs de cuisine .
Delores is the best,  great beer on tap, food and atmosphere! Get to know the staff and you will have a great time day or night.
Their hibachi is very delicious! The meat is so juicy. Highly recommended. (in order to make it loooooooooooooooooooong enough)
One of my favorite spots in Vegas. Definitely the best wings and some of the coolest  people working there. Tons of live music, what more can you ask for
Really good Thai food. the pad Thai was excellent,  we'll be back! Staff was kind and very accommodating.
My appointment started on time, she had really good customer service and my hair came out exactly how i wanted it too  im officially a regular customer!
Love this place, great prices, Patties are perfect and the service is great. The people that work there are the nicest.
Onions onions onions. Ordered a lengua burrito and it was filled with onions. Also ordered shredded beef nachos and there was no meat only onions . Very disappointed.
Great service and specials! I really liked Carly she takes her time you and answers all your questions! They don't oversell you like most places!
Shoulda been called El Macho Taco, but that's my personal opinion. Drinks are strong. Tacos are small. Fajitas are dope.
Once again Margrett Mims is the best! Very helpful and knowledgable. Thank you very much!
Four more excellent burritos.  Ground beef,  mango chicken,  pulled pork,  and a veggie. \n\nCilantro makes the burrito.  You want a cold burrito, go back to Chipotle.
Had the Pretty Pink Pitaya, super good & addicting! My cashier Issac was very helpful and knew how to give excellent customer service.
Great brunch and breakfast options without the buffet wait. Skillets, omelets, pancakes, Benedict's and more. Atmosphere is casual with many TV's and 80's music.
Jade red chicken, jerk chicken quesdilla, black beans, jerk fried rice. Don't question me. JUST. DO. IT. I crave this daily.
Love this place, super friendly service and awesome food\/desserts! Their custard is worth the trip by itself but try the Culvers deluxe burger for sure.
One of the most authentic Chinese establishments in Las Vegas. Take a sharp turn off of Spring Valley Rd. and head here instead, you will not be disappointed.
Lots of fun. There are many pinball machines from different eras. You can get a bucket of quarters and then play to your heart's content. Really enjoyed it.
I went there around 10 pm. The waiter was great and the food came out quickly and was good.
Enjoyed the variety of the small plates menu. Some missed the mark like the avocado toast. However, everything was seasonally fresh, great drinks, and attentive service.
Nice theaters in a good location, right off the 101 in Scottsdale. They serve alcohol, so you can actually buy a drink and enjoy the movie.
Good basic Chinese food. Lunch special is good including tea for under $5. Doesn't include eggroll though.
Disappointed on second visit. First visit had perfect coffee second visit a sloppy pour. Excellent coffee is about consistency I hope this location can keep the bar high.
Exactly and friendly service. This was my first time trying thai food. I ordered the chicken pad Thai it was very very delicious. I will definitely be back!!
** update:  Received a message from management and I was really happy to see that they were committed to getting it right.
I LOVE this place! They are so sweet and work quickly. They leave your nails looking flawless.
Have tried dinner here on two occasions..some of the best prime rib on the Strip..excellent BBQ selections..off the casino floor, so its nice and quiet..
Call early ( noon- 1:00pm) to place a carry out order so you won't be disappointed!\nThey sell out early. Ribs and chicken are wonderfu! Both slaws are good too.
Thank you Anthony Bourdain. I get this place. I am now a fan for life.
Amazing sushi, great service and very friendly sushi chef. Dining area is nice too! I go here all the time.
The Jabawockeez is a very very good show, it was fantastic,  it was awesome,  I can watch it over and over again. It was very entertaining, thx Showtime!!!
It's a home depot.  Nothing special but also nothing bad.  It's everything I expect from a HD.
Best pizza in Bloomfield. Prompt delivery. Moved out of Bloomfield to Highland Park and continue to order from here. They deliver to HP as well.
Was hungry & stopped for a quick polish sausage. the Polish sausage was almost $7 and it was the smallest little thing I've ever seen! major rip off
Owner diagnosed the problem quickly and fixed it same day. Very fast service. He was very friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend Microfix.
Great place! Unique dishes here with Mediterranean theme. Very popular and great for brunch.
Colllen has amazing service!!! I highly recommend lazy dog restaurant and bar in Las Vegas at town square . You will be so happy!! Great food, great service!
These guys are crooks seriously. Police need to investigate!!! DONT BUY A CAR FROM HERE AND DONT TRUST THESE CROOKS. Worst mistake of my life was trusting these guys.
Great food and great people. Everything was cooked well, my brother in law is from the Island of Hawaii and he approved.
They never slack off when doing your pedicure. Nice long massage's and your pedicure always looks so nice!
Horrible. Never have they answered my phonecalls or returned my calls. Failed to send out prescriptions multiple times. Staff is rude and lacks empathy. Doctor is a joke.
We had the Quatro Formaggi in the Bianca style. It was delicious. Totally worth stopping in and getting a pizza. We will be coming back.
Jolli is amazing! She makes the entire experience informative, fun, comfortable, and easy. You will not be disappointed! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Went for pinball. Monopoly machine not working properly. 4th straight location I've been to today with a bad pinball machine!!
What an amazing place. Service was warm and friendly.  The food was great. The mozzarella was so fresh. Wish I lived in Phoenix to enjoy this every week.
Very fresh food. The tacos, beans, and rice, are all fresh and delicious (most importantly NOT FRIED!!). Comparable to the california locations.
The patio is lovely! Loved the private dining area. The open table seating is fun on the patio!  We love the people watching there  too!  Sangria is tasty!
Worth the long line in the mornings!  The sandwiches are large and you can pretty much get anything you might imagine with eggs.
Ordered Pad Thai with tofu. Good spices but there was only FOUR PIECES OF TOFU. Basically it was just noodles. :(
Ate at the emporio portion with my daughter on take your child to work day. Loved the bowls we ate. Definitely will come back.
Agonizingly slow service. Tepid, mediocre food. Salsa from a jar.
Great location, clean, fast service & great food! My new favorite place for fried chicken.Love the choices of sides.
New owners are great (she even helped me get my rowdy twins out to the car!) much cleaner, still a bit expensive though
Great staff, great vet. Had a great experience with my new puppy. They also have really good prices with different packages!
Loved this location in old Scottsdale.   Marg options are many!  Cute side patio to sit out on when the weather is cooler.  Have been back a few times.
Nice atmosphere, and good breakfast food!
Great sushi bar w\/happy hour! The deli is fantastic (delish green chicken tamales + pizza) as is the bakery,too.  Huge spirits selection.
Best pizza place in The Valley. Can't beat the warm friendly service that only comes from family run. Love you guys!
This place is authentic, delicious and a true gem here in Charlotte. Recommend anyone to come here and finish with a desert. You won't regret it
Good subs, cheese fries. Inexpensive.
Awesome doughnuts!  Just visited Voodoo doughnuts in Portland and Glaze is just as good if not better in many ways!
slowest fast food EVER!! they NEVER pay attention to the diners inside of the restaurant. stood in line for over 10 mins before I walked out.
Plenty of fun knick-knacks here.  Unique items for home decor.  Check out the wine section for good prices on some interesting selections.
:( I hate writing reviews and specially if there bad but it got to this point so I had to!
Great training and a wonderful staff.  Took very good care of both dogs and explained the results of the testing immediately.
Love El Hefe! Tacos are always fantastic especially the Mahi! Tacos are not just for Tuesday at El Hefe.
Nice Barbershop!! They are still new to the area but the barbers are seasoned veterans. Great atmosphere! Ask for A.D.
I love the fresh veggies, ingredients fresh meats and the awesome customer service! The place always spotless clean. My favorite part,  the piña colada eegee's
Loved Mark our waiter\nLoved our dinner, the veal was devine\n\nWe will be back!!!
Taco Tuesday is always a good reason to come here. For me, the only reason. But that's just me. Love their chicken tostada, and for $3, it's like stealing.
Fantastic food! Great prices! Excellent service! Super dog-friendly! No bones about it, I'll be returning for breakfast as often as I'm in Phoenix!
Well I like a good smelling dental office. He staff and doctors are very nice. Highly recommended.
Always have delicious sandwiches and super friendly service! My favorite is the buffalo chicken wrap with ranch dressing instead of blue cheese dressing. Yummy!
Paid $10 for an overpriced bland salad. They could have at least grilled the damn chicken. Tastes like it's right out of the fridge
This is the best Chinese food in Las Vegas ,the food was so good,and service was awesome,I recommend this place.
On time. Fair price. No service call charge ( other company charges service call) James is a very polite person and professional.
Came here for dinner, I was very underwhelmed with the taste and quality of food. It's a decent looking place though with good service.
So good. I love the chill environment and the food. I love the ridiculous variety of hot dogs! What a creative business idea.
Why does every Canadian Love Tim's. It ain't even that good it's avarge nothing special just cheap frozen factory food any greasy coffee\nStarbucks better than Tim Hortons
Fantastic lunch and breakfast fare.  Nice selection of beer.  Chef personally greets all patrons.  Great spot
Dirk Arthur has had some or all of his \"Cats\" declawed.\n...People should not spend money to see this show and promote animal abuse.
Food is always fresh, service is great! And the wait isn't too long!!
Nice place for a beer. Quiet ambiance with good craft local beers.  Inside a corporate park setting so one can bring the kids to enjoy the surroundings.
The best USO I've been to! So many options of snacks, sitting areas and game and tv. Even a kids area. Nicest workers also!!
Awful service at lunch.  Food okay but you need to be prepared to spend the afternoon here.
Worst massage I've ever had. I could have rubbed moisturizing cream on myself.
Great place to stop for a drink when you are in the area. Rooftop patio is well appointed with ample beer and cocktail selections. Service also deserves a nod.
The fish and chips here were delicious and I liked that they had some selections of craft beer, would definitely go back.
The food was terrible,but the milkshake was delicious.Interesting drink menu.Service was not very good
BEST SHAWARMA I'VE EVER HAD!!! My mouth is watering just thinking about it right now damn it! Amazing super friendly ppl work here too so that's always a plus.
Nice clean restaurant. Had sushi roll that was delicious. Menu is decent and so are the staff.  Had a good time.  Very good service.
Got a 15% off instant coupon for checking end! THAT TRULY RULES! Thanks Jeff, this rules.
Nice neighborhood place.  Great breakfast bagels and delicious sandwiches.  We like to grab a few sandwiches on our way out of town.
Coffee is good, atomshere is nice, can get  a little noisy, the back room is good for small meetings.
The food was ok for panda but the staff was a cluster. Got Terriaki chicken but no sauc\ne really.
Great atmosphere!! Salads and flatbreads are amazing. Salads are very big (enough for 2). Waiters are great and food comes out fast.
Well worth the $28 for dinner. Everything was awesome. We liked the different varieties of fish here. Long line but was real quick. We will definitely be going back.
Grade scale 1-5\nCupcakes\nAll around 4 \nTaste 5\nPresentation 4 \nsome flavors aren't a very good idea. wonderful presentation and taste.\n\nThe Cupcake Review
One of my favorite vegan places in Toronto! If you get the un-chicken and waffles definitely ask for extra syrup though.
Good foods and music! Restaurant environment really nice :) It is good for casual. Good customer service.
Because of staffs attitude when i informed them of how i felt in regards to the crawfish but it improved toward the end.
What!? Yelp weekly didn't mention 32 Shea...THEY HAVE S'MORE LATTES!! So yummy. They have great holiday drinks. I also love the peppermint WHITE mocha!
What can I say tons of sugar, flour, and chocolate goodies
ordered cali rolls and spicy tuna. pretty good rolls.  \n\nService was terrible but I went here to eat not to judge the customer service.
Very slow. Never know what deals they have going on. \n\nThe drive through okay. But they don't make drinks fast and low on staff during drive through
Amazing meal great view!  Tuna dinner is the bomb! Food was cooked perfect and service was great. Lisa was very attentive. Atmosphere was very comfortable.
Great takeout\/delivery. Quality of the food is impressive. Never had an issue with delivery time. My go to place for Chinese on the quick.
This place has gone downhill. The food looked bad and tastes horrible. I won't go back,  I am extremely disappointed.
All fixed on a Saturday! Everyone else said next week not Ronald! Thankful for Elite Pro
Best authentic food in Charlotte. We eat them 1-2 times a week. From the pizza, to the gnocchi and even the wings, you won't find any better.
Ive only been here for the pho soup which is fantastic!  Order the full as they know how to prepare the meats properly
Meilleur poisson frais a Montréal dommage que le personnel cultive une attitude condescendante choix alternatifs : la sirène.plats préparés et boîtes\/congelés à l'étage sans intérêt particulier
Friendly staff, and rare movies make this theater a rare gem in the valley!
I love this place - the breakfast is incredible. It's always my last stop before leaving Vegas.\nDon't be afraid because waiting time.
Good quality and 24\/7! We live around the corner from them and walk there in the middle of the night for our donut fix!
Go to spot for bringing out of towners! Perfect location. Great spot to grab dinner before the bars or to sit on the patio on a Saturday for lunch.
Great restaurant. Fresh ingredients. Good cooking. Good service (you do need some sense of humor to enjoy, though). Highly recommended.
Evan W. was informative and friendly especially for a non-charlottean.
Good taco shop with flavorful food; everyone enjoyed their lunch.
This place is chill and has strong margaritas! Double win! Stop by and trade the bartenders with love, they are packers fans!!!
Great time, very cool with my 12 year old.  Totally recommend it, especially when it's 105 degrees outside.
Excellent location, decor and service.\nThe atmosphere top notch. \nSome things on the menu are kind of bland but I like that it's healthy and wholesome food. \n\nWill go back!
Excellent food and service. If you're bold enough to let your server guide you, you won't go wrong. Everything is great.
For the money, the steak is mediocre.  Served supposedly medium rare, it was cold. Disgusting.  Trffleld mashed was good. Good wine. Won't go back.
So happy they re-opened, love the new décor and atmosphere, food is just as good as ever.  Great food for a reasonable price.
This place is definitely not what I expected! The food is so bland. There was no flavor at all! The food came out cold.
I really like the concept of this place. It is so convenient yet delicious.
Today i found my new go to nail place!! Lily was amazing!!! The whole staff is fun and they're was a great atmosphere in the shop!!
Amazing work. Thickest lashes ever. Wouldn't go anywhere else after having these lashes.
Loooooooove this place my feet take a beating all week in heels this place is so soothing... Were regulars
My turkey burger was almost inedible. Husbands burger was dry and tasteless. Not good. Cheap glasses and accessories.  Not worth the price at all.   Disappointing.
Delicious little treats. My brother doesn't like apple fritters but he tried one from here and had to know where I got it.
Enjoy a refreshing bloody mary while you wait to have breakfast! Pancakes, eggs, sausage and hash browns were great! Recommend to add to your morning while visiting vegas.
The plantains are really good.  I got the chicken stew and loved it.  Stay away from the mashed plantain dishes..
Kinda pricey for the size of portions. Very loud due to the fact many teenagers hang out for hours.
This place is better than Roberto's and the Special Habenero Sauce is HOTT and satisfying
Excellent tacos and service. They make a cilantro salsa, it's behind the counter, so ask for it!
Friendly staff and generous portions of great food. Friday all u can eat fish rocks!
Went here for a Groupon chocolate tour. The staff were courteous and knowledgeable about the chocolate process of each of their bars (from seed to finished product).
Fresh and delicious! We had butternut squash tacos and butternut squash rigatoni, both fantastic! Great sangria, and the pear cobbler was heavenly.
AMAZING food!!   The best gyro I have had in Charlotte!!  Chicken and Rice platte is great too!  Don't miss this gem.
Not the best Indian restaurant but it will do!
We stopped by after finished our hikes in Sedona. Good portions, competitive prices and  very nice staff. I will be back :) Good luck on the new business adventure.
Same problem as some others. These guys are flakey. Making and breaking appointments. Not returning calls and emails. Avoid
Really enjoyed the banquet burger.  Fresh cut fries were delicious as well.   Looking forward to trying more off the menu.  Martin
Great spot to stop in for some drinks as we live next door. Bartenders are always nice and the atmosphere is pretty laid back.
Came here for brunch, kids had French Toast (was delicious), wife and I each ordered the LA wrap (also very good). The LA wrap can definitely be split.
My friends have been raving about how great this place is, well we drove all the way from NW and weren't disappointed. Definitely a do over
One of the best ice cream shops in montreal. Good quality ice cream and sorbets. The chocolate 6x is to die for!
Food was amazing, HUGE, HUGE, HUGE portions...share, share, share.  Decor is well......strange. Great food, a must experience. Just strange setup.
Good bar for friends to hang out and chill. Friendly servers. Great atmosphere and  clean presentation.
This is no longer Guardian who was bought out by Safelight and this location has been closed.
Awesome breakfast! Make sure you are hungry, the portions are huge, 8 eggs omelet!!! Great service too!
WI  be k nvm kink but kB on b junk b back l CBC khvvzgc)?&)()$98,8)))9)&)9??&)$&) morning tftft\nShe se
Staff, facility, and experience first class. Say goodbye to sleazy gun stores and say hello to G&A!
Really enjoyed the massage, but wish they had a hot tub. Got a good  deal on travel zoo. Atmosphere is very relaxing.
Great appetizers great food super friendly staff for our first time here was amazing def recommend it
Always love coming here. Bartenders are always great! Rebecca and Jessica make your day.
Searching for breakfast in the area & stumbled on this place! Delicious! Everything was cooked perfectly & tasted great. Yummy tea & coffee also. We will be back.
Very well put together science center! Staff was friendly and helpful! The robo exhibit was really interesting and thought provoking!
Every time I come to Las Vegas. I always stop here. Food is always excellent. My favorite Steakhouse.
This place is so cheesy it's awesome. Food and drinks are great but can get pricey. The service is always top-notch.
Way too much fun.  Drinks, couches and hitting golf balls.  Seriously.  Service awesome and experience awesome.
So amazing food was great and loved everything they had to offer\nService was awesome. Deff a great place for a  meal when you dont know what youre craving
SCAM  leave you holding the wet bag.  It's got several names, be cautious when you get a answer person that simply answers \"carpet cleaners\"
The humus was good, the pita bread was stale. Both of our chicken wraps were so dry we could 'nt finish them.
Small family run breakfast\/lunch joint in a strip plaza.\n\nService is great and friendly. Food is delicious.
Excellent tacos, try the braised pineapple pork. Jessica is great! She's been our waitress twice now and we can't wait to come back.
I ordered chicken breast teriyaki and chicken tested old and very dry. I will never come back again.
I love this place. My family is from Nicaragua and the Nicaraguan menu is on point. Great food and wonderful service.
Came in for apps and were amazed! Tuna Poke, beef carpaccio and the Saganaki were on point!
They removed all sushi from the menu. Very unfortunate to my opinion. It was the reason I was going to this restaurant because the service is there's weakness.
Food and prices were great with lots of healthy options. I wonder if the staff ever get tired of talking to all the vegans and gluten-free people...
This particular Keg has a brilliant patio and excellent bar space.
Excellent food.  Excellent service.  This is definitely a restaurant I would visit again and again.  I'm still thinking about that gyro...
One if my favorite places to eat in Vegas. I always have to eat here when I come.Great sandwhiches, must check it out. The itlian stalion was amazing.
出張で２０１７年の１月に９泊しました。CLEVELAND空港からも近く便利です。\n部屋もきれいで、快適に過ごすことができました。\n日本人出張者\/観光客向けにホテルの情報を少し。\n\n・シャトルバスによる空港送迎サービスがあります。\n・歩いて行ける範囲にコンビニ（ガソリンスタンドに併設）、スーパーがあります。\n・ホテル内は無料でWfiが使用できます。\n・全室禁煙です。屋外に喫煙用の灰皿があります。\n・コンシェルジュはいませんので、タクシー手配などは自分で行う必要があります。\n・地下のレストランは美味しいです。\n・部屋に歯ブラシや髭剃りがないので持っていきましょう。\n・スリッパもありません。持っていくと便利です。\n・JCBカードは使えません。\n・日本語は全く通じません。
We are visiting from Fort Lauderdale. What terrific job!  Shaved my head bald, trimmed my beard great. Straight edge razor work excellent.  Highly recommended.
Great food all the way around.  Katrina was the most superb server providing excellent service, suggestions, and overall charming company and insight.
Save your money. Onion rings were dripping in grease! Hamburger had no flavor. My third time here it's good in theory, just not in execution.
My husband and I have been coming here for over 17 years and always had great service thanks to Kasie and Brandon for the great customer service!
Shaina is the best at brows, my brows are so sad and misshaped until she does them, making them so happy and pretty again. Friendly staff and very clean!
nice place to go for a burger. really crowded tho. nice atmosphere
Awesome place! Have had such a fun experience each time I go! The balls are all amazing!
Love this place! Staff is friendly and they don't rush through service. Ask for B he is the Best!
If you are in a hurry, do not come here!! Worst customer service, no one is ever behind the counter! And the sandwiches taste like crap. DONT COME HERE
This place sucks!! Worst food I have ever been served. Dog food is better and no manager to talk to. Go to Denny's it's 100%better.
Best massage hands down, extremely affordable and staff is less clinical and more friendly and understanding. I would absolutely recommend
Free breakfast on weekends! What a deal! 3 eggs scrambled or over easy with hashbrowns & bacon with drink purchase.
Wonderful Italian food!!!  Chef Rudy out does himself in his own restaurant! !!  Congratulations,  chef!!  You have a winner!!  Best Italian food in Las Vegas!!!
Me and my vife we had dinner at this location Very friendly atmosphere and a friendly staff Kat was serving to us with A big simile in her face.
Good food but don't come if you are in a hurry. Since they make everything fresh it does take a while. They have a good selection.
The food and service were great! The ambiance on the back patio was beautiful. Would definitely recommend.
Great food & service. Tried the Gyro and love it. Great Patio!
Excellent service! Super friendly and nice! Food good and price point can't be beat. Perogies were my fave.
I had the ceviche and it was top notch! Very authentic! They also have a mariachi band the plays Fridays 7:30-9:30. They're awesome! \n\nI say it's worth a go!
Speedy service and A LOT of options for breakfast. Mimosas are small and do have pulp
Atmosphere is nice.  Service was okay.  Food is bad. Salad was soaked in dressing.  Meatballs were mostly   filling.  Pasta was average.
Awesome cheese pizza and loaded salads wish I tried this place years ago since it's just across the street lol
Came here almost every day while I stayed at the Paris. All the crepes were delicious!
Delicious green dragon rolls and fast service! They were very friendly as well. I enjoyed my visit here and would definitely come back!
This place is great, and only a mile from my house! Get the garden pea soup it's great.
My favorite hookah lounge by far.  Great people very attractive staff and reasonable prices
Was worried about healthy options at the fast food court but then stumbled on this place. Affordable, delicious and healthy. The soup was better than \"mom's!\"
Fresh and delicious and no rose water taste. Probably the best middle eastern pastry shop I have tried
I don't even eat sushi. I do now! Every thing was amazing.  Tempura is sooo good! And inexpensive!
New owner, the menu had been changed. Highly not recommended.  The noodle dish is really bland.
I had PHO, it is consistently the best I've ever had.  Very friendly, and attentive service.  GREAT!!
Cute local cafe!  Great food and friendly, efficient staff.  Loved the Salmon BLT.  Very generous portion.
Soooo yummy! The chicken is very fresh and the sauces they have are tasty! I like it more than canes it is much cleaner.
Really enjoyed their empanadas, so authentic and good. Went with a large group and they were very accommodating. Will definitely be back to try more.
Really enjoyed the food here. We recently moved to the southwest and this was the quality of Mexican food we were excited to be able to get.
Great stay. Personnel very friendly and helpful. Ala carte breakfast very good and cooked to order. Hotel was clean and bright.
I tried their fried rice and other chinese rice dishes.\n\nNot bad, quite an amount of salt and oil in the fried rice though.\ntypical chinese food in canada I guess
Seriously good food. The best chicken burger I have ever had! J'ai bien aimé. Merci pour le meilleur burger que j'ai jamais goûté.
Love Andys. Great staff behind the bar, Ethan and James rock! Great wine list as well.
Absolutely fantastic service from Lucky and Kimberly!  bachelorette party...perfect fun
Such a warm welcoming place. I love it. The food is very good.  Atmosphere cozy.  I visit often!
Took our new doggie here for his first bath and full grooming. Was only $30.00  YES we will be back \nThank You Butter smelled so Good
Great little dive with cheap drinks. The Burgers are one of my favorite in the Valley!
Not a whole lot of atmosphere but an extensive menu of food and drinks. I enjoyed my matzo ball soup and berry salad for lunch. Friendly and helpful waitress.
Great spot for outdoor seating in the summer since it's sheltered early from the sun.   Good service but americanos sometimes are not made right
Great location just outside of Rhodes Ranch.  They are always happy to help.  They even provide notary service for those in need of that.
Really did not like the food here. Our waiter was in a rush and not very attentive. Made me feel like I was bothering him a bit
Good buffet. It isn't the best one I've been to in Vegas, but you won't be disappointed if you go here.
I've ordered take out from here twice in the last week and the food is fresh and tasty!
Fun atmosphere- feel like you are back at a bar in the 60s- like to hit it up when in vegas if with a large group
And now the scorpions have arrived. Worst place I've ever lived! More bugs then I've ever seen
They deliver!!!!  very fast always good.  LOVE the Mongolian chicken.  Teriyaki chicken IS AMAZING!  VERY VERY CHEAP
They have sweet and savory awesome crepes.  Top notch service. Need to try their shakes and boba drinks.
By far my favorite store in charlotte. Always have new stuff, cute going out dresses and the fall legging\/sweater selection is the best!
The only time I had Lasagna like that was in Montipulciano Italy.  Great people.  Great food.
Worst customer service. Food is awful as well and may make you sick.
Love this place! Food is made fresh and is so good! I reccomend the shrimp tacos and carne asada fries - they're my faves!!!
Tina was super nice and helpful with the extensive yummy menu! Food was the best we had during our vacation!
This place is always a favorite!\nWe love the place..food is wonderfully prepared staff is great! Celeste our waitress was phenomenal as is the entire crew.\nDon't miss this place!
Not exactly authentic Mediterranean food but great build your own hummus bowl with chicken shawarma.
This place is okay. Nothing spectacular though. I wish they did better at designs though...
Food was really good. Biggest downfall is $6 small OJ and construction.\nOverall pleasurable.
Worst experience I have ever had with trying to get in an apartment. Nearly no communication and it's hard to get a hold of anyone at the office.
Great service and extensive South Indian menu! The indo-Chinese dishes are really good too! It was fast and friendly!
Good pastries, awesome gobi machurian noodles, Hakka noodles, chicken 65..small space but good.
The Harvest Kitchen has an interesting menu that was well executed. Our server was attentive, pleasant, and knowledgeable. We had a great time.
Not the same restaurant from a few years back.  We went on Christmas Eve and the food was horrible. Restroom smells foul.  The whole place did moot feel clean
Great place to eat at me and my fiancée had a great time there and the waiter was great at her job. I would recommend going back again soon
Cool, outdoor pool bar at the Montelucia resort.  Good service, great scenery\/view and great cocktails!
Nothing special. My braised meat was dry and my husbands pasta was bland.
8 oz steak: a bit too tough despite it being medium rare, but the crispy outer layer was nice touch\n\nFrites: they were more like potato chips to be honest
Kinda smaller store, but larger than the store at the Fashion Show. I have a Vans shoe obsession, so I am here quite a bit.
Great group!  Always a funny show, and I never miss it.  I look forward to seeing more of them at mardi gras!
Some of the very best pizza in town and always friendly service...I always look forward to the next visit!...
Breakfast is so good. Huge selection. Amazing omelette bar. $15.95 charge worth it
Pizza was alright... nothing great. Ordered a magherita and a mushroom pizza but we weren't impressed. The crust was perfect but the tomato sauce and toppings lacked flavour.
This place was bangin! I'll never complain about waiting in line 2 hours for melt-in-your-mouth BBQ.
Great price on PBR $5.50 for 24oz cans.  Awesome service and always great atmosphere..
This particular location is now joined with blue sky farm and is no longer on university as Chow locally.
Really good, only complaint and reason for not giving 5 star was some plastic in my girlfriends pho
I love this place. Been twice now and loved it both times. Pot roast is amazing, huge portions, good drinks and amazing dessert. Recommend anytime!
Not only is this location BEAUTIFUL but the staff is very friendly and helpful! They have definitely helped me change my opinion of dentists.
This place is great! Nice and helpful staff, great pricing, and very speedy! All work I have gotten done here has been perfect
Love coming here!  Food is always good, Mongolian beef, Kung pow chicken and fried rice are our go to dishes, consistently good.  Service was good as well.
Sandwiches are ridiculously big (recommend sharing one), but very good.  Fun and eclectic place.  Highly recommend a follow up visit.  See you there!
Another great meal!! This pizza is awesome. Plus even with having it delivered it's pipping hot! Thanks Vinny for taking such great care of your customers!
Clean, serene atmosphere, great value and an overall relaxing, therapeutic experience!
One of the best breakfast places around! All their food is fresh and delicious. Large selection for the health conscious and just great service all around.
Pizza my dear has become our favorite place for pizza. Hands down the best we have found.
Really delicious and we like the fact there are no artificial colors or flavors.  Very nice atmosphere and you can sit outside under a tree and enjoy it.
Loved this hidden gem!! Great Father \/ daughter team. Yummy breakfast ....good conversation.  My breakfast was cooked to perfection.
Grabbed a pizza to go when we were staying in the area on vacation.  Pizza was very good, staff was friendly.   I would absolutely come back.
Love this place! I come daily. The drinks are delicious and the staff are very friendly!
Make sure to come hangout on the late shift Chris he's a cool bartender always nice and helpful like to come get some good food and drink
Had to fix two watch bands.  Fast service with a smile at reasonable price. Thanks Sarkis.
I love everyone there. The staff and dentist are very helpful and attentive to my needs. They left me smiling and I look forward to my next cleaning.
This is my favorite pub in the city. All food is made in house and delicious! Always a friendly face at the bar!
I had a wisdom tooth removed at this office earlier this week.  Dr Bond and his staff were great !  They deserve the 5 Stars I'm giving them !
Awesome breakfast and wonderful customer service!  \nWonderful selection of bagels and other bakery items.  DKAkins has competition!!
Outstanding food and service. Crab cakes were the best I've had anywhere in Pittsburgh. Easy to understand why this restaurant has been at the top for decades.
just had another fantastic meal here!!\n\ndefinitely, my go to!!\n\nbest pho, lemongrass pork and chicken!! \n\nbest spring rolls!!
Great authentic Italian. Cute little gem hidden behind Dunkin Donuts. Owners are wonderful! Highly recommend.
Amazing work as usual. The carpets always look amazing when they are finished. 100% satisfaction every time. They never disappoint
I come here for drinks and chips\/salsa. The tacos are a bit gimmicky and lackluster. Fun environment though.
For a super fast pizza it's actually really good.  Great for families who loath typical \"fast food\" and need to grab something quick between activities.
Amazing.  Ordered the beef lo mein and orange chicken (last Tuesday).  Will be coming back and ordering from them again soon
Best old fashioned asian style donut shop. Great ham cheese jalapeno croissants, even better donuts and selection. \n\nHeaven fluff with crispy edges. Perfection.
Stellar Home Services came out to install a ceiling fan for me under my home warranty company. Professional, quick and very polite. I highly recommend this company!
The service was excellent the staff was very knowledgeable about the strip the wings and calamari were perfect and the 3 cheese Mac was unreal
Always fresh delicious and healthy waffles as well as a full assortment for breakfast and lunch. A must for locals!
New management really cares and it shows. If they let you down in the past, like they did me, give the new crew a chance!
Took amazing care of my little brat. He was happy as a clam coming from his teeth cleaning.
Best tacos in phx. Highly recommended the pastor and chiwas is my favorite.  Dank AF and i dream about these tacos.
Food is middle of the road... menu sounds delicious and special... food is plated nicely... however the flavor is bland and boring.\nSuch a bummer
Burger was extremely tasty! I just had the 1\/4 lb steerbuger w\/ cheese.\n\nCole Slaw EXCELLENT!\n\nGreat baked beans!\n\nNice salad!\n\nFries are great!\n\nWonderful staff!\n\nReally enjoyed it! :) :)
Dope spot! Came across by accident but must give credit when it's due. Jae hooked me up with a nice fresh cut. Hands down, my new barber!
I recommend this place for adult and kids haircut. Its a family owned place and the owner is very friendly.
Nice ambiance. Better than average cuisine, nicely presented, but not overly special. Great service. Overall experience is good.
Best experience ever!  Staff is INCREDIBLY fun, informative and down to earth!!  Highly recommend this facility.
Always helpful and does not unnecessarily \"upsell\" it's customers. Would highly recommend. Greatly prefer this to another UPS store in Brecksville.
Best service staff in Westlake.  Hands down.
Staff is knowledgeable and friendly.  Equipment are clean.  Price is reasonable.  Open til 10pm.  Highly recommend.
The tallest roller coaster with a lift hill in the whole world. So fast and the few airtime moments are amazing!
Would never use this company again. From charging way more than initially quoted to placing my pod a block away from my home to horrible customer service. Never again!
The filibertos in this area is garbage. Vaqueros offers a nearly identical menu, just without the garbage.
Best veggie burgers w\/ pepper jack cheese! \n\nBecky is absolutely the best server!\n\nHighly recommended!
Good food, but the beer and alcohol is incredibly overpriced.  9 dollars for a beer is outrageous.
11\/15\/13\n\nThis location never gets old!!!  Always remember the \"wiz\"!!!  Makes a great start to the weekend.
Love their curry chicken steam rice with milk tea combo.  Their sui mai taste good also.
Best sushi and Chinese food around! Not to mention probably the cheapest. You can't go wrong at Li's!
Good food! Def expensive for breakfast food! But the quality is there. The chicken fried steak\nTaste like real steak, which was a nice surprise and good size portions.
Awesome ice cream spot!  Love the vegan & gluten free options.  Staff was super helpful and very friendly.  We will def be coming back here.
I've been here before and love the office but recently have been attempting to make my boyfriend an appointment and they won't get back to me.
The pizzas are absolutely AMAZING!
Love how Michelle targets what's needed at the time...depending on the season.
My husband and sons go to this barber shop.  They always give great haircuts.
Perfect place for lunch! The variety is great and the service is really fast.
Love the spicy cajun shrimp!  Whenever I feel eating boiling crab, I'd rather go to this place instead. It's kinda the same, different name.
My favorite everything! Cocktails, naan, sauces, butter chicken, seabass all delicious. Great service and great venue. Definitely indulge in Indian food from Royal Indian Bistro
Great Target! Love the new displays and selection of items. Customer service was great. Plenty of parking. No Complaints.
Went through car wash and rinse was not working.  Told management then went through again to rinse off soap.  Still not working, poor customer service and equipment
Dope spot with sweeeeet rides and gear. Knowledgable folks who love the art of skating. Looking forward to future visits :D
Great atmosphere, great service....\nChicken Tortilla soup to die for, peppercorn burger is great also!\nKids burgerNd chicken strips got rave review from little ones\nDefinitely will be back
Always have a good time going here great staff, good food and good prices and specials on drinks plus good stuff usually gong on the TV.
Charged $225 for 30 minutes work just replacing a gfci. Then wanted $8 to be paid with a credit card. Rip off and very unprofessional office staff.
Decent food rice was real dry. Pieces of chicken where real bland maybe just not the best dish to try. It was the chicken kabobs with rice and salad
Best nail salon I've ever been too! Fantastic customer service and Kevin is the best!!
Had lunch when it opened. Serves were very personable and made the dining experience even better. Food and cocktails were top notch.
Nice facility with great instructors and helpful staff. It's very clean.  Lots of equipment and class choices.
This is a GREAT burger joint!!!!  Unique burgers with steakhouse twist.  The au poivre burger is excellent.  My wife had the roasted portobello burger and loved it.
Hey! I'm owed money for graphic design work the payment is long overdue - please get in touch so that we can wrap this up. Thank you.
Stopped here while visiting ikea and the beds are definitely good but just a little pricey which as the saying goes you get what you pay for.
Great place to cool off during the day. Didn't try the food just got a drink a the the lounge. Wide selection of food and drinks.
Had the cafe breakfast NO MEAT.   Pretty good service is not that great but its decent food at a good price.
I normally order pad thai from any thai place but the dish to get at thaiger is the Beef Panang.  It is awesome.
This place is awesome and just what the neighborhood need. Great food and treats!!! Pot pies, pies and thrifty ice cream.
Great tasty creations! Nothing too over the top and the portions are just right. Nice ambiance!
The sushi is still cheap, however I feel that their quality has been on the decline, while their other location is getting better and better.
Excellent, friendly service.   Easy and convenient to work with. Would use them again.
fun place but the taps could use a good cleaning
Great food! Authentic Mexican!\n\nLoved the Barbacoa.\n\nTip: Ask for their iced coffee, IT IS GOOD! If isn't on the beverage menu. Tastes like a smoothie!
The ambiance was nice and the restaurant was clean. Everyone was very friendly. The food was good for the price. I paid 18 for dinner with crab legs.
Spent 3 nights 4 days. Beautiful place staff is really nice and pretty  close to the strip.
Always delicious I get the tampiquena or Chile verde. Always so good. The salsa is the best in town I don't use that loosely.
Tried this for the first time on Friday. Our server was great and the food was good. We will definitely be going back.
Horrible service and mediocre food. I wouldn't come here unless there were no other options. I honestly don't get the good reviews of this place.
Excellent customers service . Highly recommend grocery store  in Las Vegas . Very friendly and professional deal . Inexpensive prices in products that are carried here .
Hands down the best soul food place I have. Ate at in Vegas. Great customer service , great music and delicious food ... yummmmmm!
We had no problems from these guys.  The final amount was a half hour over the quote which seemed fair and reasonable.
Needed to get my eyeglass frame fixed, found this place by accident and 5 minutes I walked out with perfect vision. At no cost - great service!
Love the food but also heather is an amazing server!!!! I will be back soon to continue to enjoy the food and the wonderful service !!!!
Wonderful Indian food and good service. Sometimes it would be nice if the servers were more attentive but that doesn't change the quality of the food. Simply wonderful flavours.
The next best thing to the diners I loved back home in NY.  Excellent food and service...gets very busy but worth any wait.  Best eggs Benedict in Phoenix.
Fantastic vibe, really good cocktails, the bartender came upto to take my cocktail requests. The chicken wings are huge n so yumm. What a fun place to hangout!!
Staff is rude.  They need to be reminded that patients are there because of an illness or injury, a little compassion goes a long way.
The fried pickels are truly amazing. The rest of the food is fantastic. I absolutely love the atmosphere and staff. Love coming to this restaurant to eat.
This place is super good! Huge portions! The chicken Alfredo & chicken wings are the best!!!
So I've been back a few times recently and I think this latest owner\/team has really nailed it.  The food was so scrumptious!   They are deserving of 5 stars!
Delivery took a little while, but I did order during the dinner rush. But the pizza was worth it! Seriously some of the best I've had in Vegas.
Good restaurant around in Charlotte.\nAtmosphere, food and service all are good...\nHave been here many times and like Veg items.\nMy friends also like Non-Veg items here.
Everything I've tried here is so delicious and it's super affordable!! The country fried stake meal and the Mac n cheese are must tries.
My Saturday breakfast spot.  The people there are really amazing and the food is delicious.  I am working on trying everything but always get the grits simple but tasty
Some good grease when your wacked!!!  Always good and late nite is the best time to chow!!!
Best BBQ that you may find in the valley. Long queue but it worth it. Delicious Briskets and sausages.
Great ice cream shop we found during race weekend. Amazing ice cream and shakes. Will definitely go back!
Loved the drinks and the quinoa salad here. The reconstructed mule was my favorite! Sit outside on a nice night and enjoy their lovely drinks and healthy food options.
Had the Szechuan beef noodles. Beef was delicious, but noodles could be softer, tasted a bit raw at first.
Great ambiance, friendly bartenders, awesome beers on draft, happy hour ROCKS & food never dissapoints.
If your idea of an alignment is a quick toe job and nothing else this is your place!  Pretty useless!
THIS PLACE IS SOOOO GOOD. Their food is incredible. I would have never thought Chinese and Mexican food could go together so well. 10\/10 recommend.
I'm part of a Soldier Support group & I purchase many of my greeting cards there. At 2\/$1.00 you just can't beat it!!
I love the Katsu chicken from here!! It's always seems to be just right, pair it with rice and macaroni salad you have a pretty good meal.
Great guys, service and price. Will be back, actually soon because I need new tires. LOL
Very average.   Trying to complete with Chipotle and Zabbas.   Not as good.   My burrito was totally cold,  special sauces were never offered..   Will not be back
Dr Malek is a true artist I would recommend him to anyone!! I have referred friends of mine to him for Botox etc ..
I have been here twice now in the past week good prices, delicious food, and friendly staff will be coming much more often.
Who'd thought you could make a cool spot in a parking lot in north Phoenix?  They have!
Delicious, fresh and quick place for lunch. Good prices and the spicy tuna is fresh and actually spicy. Definitely I'll be back.
Really great food! Prices are not bar prices so don't be fooled. Calamari is really good and they have nice drinks. Crab cakes look beyond delicious!
Valentines day 2011. Bad service, bad food, Place has really gone down  hill since our last visit.
I LOVE LALIBELA. They're open late, the portions are gigantic, and the food is perfect. The staff are courteous and the location couldn't be better. 10\/10, would.
Tuesdays is $2 tacos. And overall they are quite satisfying for what ur paying. I recommend the Churizo, The Steak, and the Chipotle Chicken.
Not the typical Nathan's quality and ridiculously overpriced. $28 for two people. No thanks.
Delicious. Open 24 hours. Horchata on tap (most places make you pay for refills).
Great place! The food and staff is amazing! Scott has always been great when we go in.
A delightful place with a friendly owner. The cannoli and the spaghetti and meatballs were amazing. The \"seafood pasta\" was well worth it. Will be back. Definitely worth trying.
I love the food and beer here. Last time I had a Hog Wild pizza and this time Steak Frites. This is my go to place when visiting Toronto.
always professional and loving. wesley is amazing and my baby girl cocker spaniel loves her to death.  trustworthy and very reasonable prices.
The atmosphere was good but the food was very average.  With so many Mexican restaurants on the west side I don't think I will be going back.
Easily my fave breakfast place in Vegas. Always get the banana muffin starter. It's free if you check in on Yelp!
The club sandwich was not only extremely bland, it was like the meat was water-logged.  Their baked potato chips were nasty and the steamed veggies were soggy.
Happy hour is the best time to come and enjoy the deals and chat with a real cutie bartender; Chritina.
I love this place. I eat there once a month at least. They're always nice, efficient and the food is so good!
Excellent Service. Great Staff and the Manager Mike is awesome,his customer service level is off the charts, they the best tire shop in Las Vegas, THANK YOU MIKE!
Very please with AZ Pro Steemers.  Good communication.  Prompt.  Competitively priced.  Carpets looked great afterwards.  Will use again.
Still Waiting to open new account. Only one person working. Three other people left who were waiting before me. Terrible Service.
The manicure was so rushed and sloppy that I felt I could've done a better job myself. will not be going back to this salon again.
Went there for a hot dog and got a hot dog and burger. The food was excellent. The staff was very friendly.
Ppl here are very nice and friendly!!!!! They made a smiley face ketchup for me, good time when I was kinda feeling dwn!!!!
Nice place to hang out and enjoy the....the....the....the... chicken wings.\nGreat atmosphere and good wings.. not to mention the assume service by some great servers.
The guys who work in here are awesome and nice... I love the tattoo I got from Cameron! I will go back again and again.
Very good people.  They released my back pain.  I can walk upright again.  Very clean.  I will go back my next trip.
Cool nitrogen ice cream and flavors are all very rich. I liked the caramel salt flavor.
Great service, great car but got a substantially better price on third party provider Rental cars.com.
Fresh and hot food! Honey chicken and shrimp tasted very good and orange chicken as well! Would definitely recommend it
Amazing seafood by the pound place, I used to go to hot and juicy...but this place has them beat.  My go to any time I'm in Vegas!
I love coming in and getting the tripa burrito with everything. The staff are very friendly and fast.
Best show in Vegas. Great performer. She's definitely a Vegas girl. The energy is amazing. Totally a show to see.
The drinks are terrible, lady had terrible attitude and the service was bad. I don't recommend anyone to go here.
Extensive wine list; delicious and nice variety of tapas; very, very noisy.  Excellent service.
Great deal for $10. Awesome customer service and tasty deserts, will definitely be returning!
Great restaurant, delicious food and superior service. BYOB. Nice little store for beer and wine around the corner. Enjoy!
No frills Chinese with fresh food. \nInstead of trekking to Chinatown after a drunken night we decided to stop here.\nThe seafood medley, noodles, and general Tso were delicious.
Food never disappoints. The drinks are awesome.
Thank you team you are awesome\nBlanca Payan you have gifted hands. You are so professional.\nI am so happy with my new hair color\nBalayage...color recover.....miracle!!!
A fun selection of children's clothing and some of the more unusual (and pricey) accessories.  This is one of the only places I've seen dinosaur stuffed animals.
Top notch tool store. Competitive pricing, extremely knowledgeable, courteous, and helpful staff. A+.
This place is straight Bull. First messing up my account and not even giving a refund for their mistakes. Worst customer services in any gym I've been too.
I had a great experience. Beautiful! There is a lot of walkway space to enjoy this show. There seems to be 4 different shows each hour. Super fun! Enjoy!
Excellent experience! 100% honest, 100% reliable, on time, and the professionalism is 100% as well. I will be recommending him to all my friends.
There are not that many Office supplies stores anymore, so you kind of have to give them at least 3 stars, just for sticking out the recession
From the service to the amazing Risotto this place is a must try. Such an amazingly friendly staff out of this world!!!
This is a great place to get a very inexpensive facial.  I love the product lines they use, Hylunia and Rhonda Allison.
This is the best ramen I've ever had. It was cooked to perfection. My boyfriend loved his sushi platter.
The food was a bit Americanize to my liking, i had better authentic Chinese food at KJ's kitchen
Great food, just a real shame they don't answer the phone to accept orders and I have to wait 15 minutes for the food.
This old navy just never have enough sale items on stock.
Solid bar, dancing is average and kinda divery upstairs and smells.\nDrinks are ok.\n\nFood 5\/10\nService 6\/10\nParking 8\/10\nLocation 7\/10\nMusic 9\/10\nTVs 3\/10
Fantastic assortment of products for entertaining, hostess, special occasion. Tasteful and hip----reminiscent of a shop  that would be found in San Francisco or Soho.
For drinks, great. But the food is very mediocre. Totally fine if you want a snack while drinking, but wouldn't recommend if you're looking for a meal.
Had a great experience here at the Green Regime.  I'm from out of town looking for my juice fix and the staff was friendly helpful!\n\nLove this place!
Randy and Meghan were fantastic. Honest, knowledgeable, responsive, fair, and hardworking. Couldn't ask for more.
Don't put your uber pick up outside of Nevada. Just because your hotel is in cahoots with the taxi service, that's called racketeering.
A typical bar food fare, though a great break from the typical Las Vegas restaurant experience. Reasonably priced, great service, great pulled pork sandwich!
My new favorite Subway location. From the friendly staff to the care and pride in construction of my sandwich, it's was a awesome.
Best breakfast burritos in town! Always busy in the morning but the quality of food never changes.
The chicken flautas here are great!  I love the cheese, the chips, the salsa, and I especially love the cheesecake chimichangas.  So good.
shuttle driver Donnie was awesome and so friendly.  Helped with all my luggage for my 3 kids.  Highly recommended
You could smell the freshness of the buns before you walk in, sooo good! Friendly staff :)
Place is cute. I ordered country dish and the gravy had no flavor. Second order was green chile guevo rancheros were good.
This is going to be the best sushi ever you have had in your life.... Luxury place, fast and respectfull attitude from staff, awesome sushiiiiiii and steak and.......
The food is great!  Price is decent and the people, are super nice!!!  Wonderful!!!!
Absolutely fantastic experience! The sights, smells, and sounds were so realistic. Would definitely do it again. Shout out to Bailey!!
This place is a hole in the wall, but dont let the looks turn you away...food is so good and they give you so much!
Honestly, not my favorite place. Service is crap. Drinks are mediocre at best. Better places in the valley to get tacos and margaritas.
Cool place. Nice music, atmosphere, you MUST visit the fountain when you are in Las Vegas.
So if you hate pumping your own gas they have staff to handle it. I love getting gas here on rainy days.
Food is healthy and delicious. Staff is fast and friendly. We love coming here. Our favorites are the chicken pasta and the fish salad with strawberries and pineapple!
No wait to see the doctor, clean office. The billing was explained well. The birds in the lobby made things \"interesting\" with my bird dog. Overall great experience.
My first time here and was very pleased with the customer service all around. They have a really nice selection of glasses also. Staff was kind and courteous
amazing food, super cheap. Very healthy too! Just make sure ask for extra lettuce for those on point tacos
Authentic Mexican. Worth the drive from Hendo. I always get Chili Colorado. Very flavorful red chile sauce. Empanadas are a tasty starter.
Clean facility and nice staff. However, I've been waiting for over three hours and my dog still hasn't come back from her x-ray.
Good people and great location but crappy parking and not so great working hours.... I need to come in after working hours ha
Great food and great service (Victoria), love having PS702 in the neighborhood.  Thanks for another great night.
The best beef broth I've had in Vegas. Ordered their king size pho with beef, tendon, and brisket, and it did not disappoint! Love it!
This is a place that deserves a review. Wowzers!\nGreat flavors, textures, no nasty bits and large amounts of food. \nI can die a happy woman!
Only one authorized person who can handle fish!? Waiting for 30mins with no help. Last time for me
I got the original last night omg!!!! It was so good! I never finish burgers but I ate every bite! I will be back
About as solid diner food as you can get. Everything I've gotten here has been solid, if a bit overpriced. Nonetheless, I go there regularly.
Been loyal to these ladies since I can remember. Kassy always takes good care of me!!!!
Friendly staff and tasty dishes.  Only draw back is traffic in and outbid the area it is in.   Worth it however.   Good selection of wines as well. Martin
Case of the mondaze definitely a local gem! Take a step into the movie imagination of BIG and enjoy the local humor. You're welcome.
Best pizza in Vegas...quality is top notch....and taste is, well, pizzalicious... service is always great.
Très bon et bien fourni, un petit coin chaleureux qui reflète bien le 44 ! Un vrai régal à la Bretonne
A) Great staff! Everyone is super friendly!\nB) Buffalo chicken pizza is outstanding. I was skeptical at first with the French fries on it, but it was amazing.
I seen a roach I will never return this was my favorite Mexican spot. The bugs was crawling all by the outer counter and glass.
Quick place for an inexpensive, not high quality,  meal. Good for kids, great milkshakes.
Relaxing and quaint place to stop after taking the Hoover Dam Tour.  I love supporting local family businesses! Food was great and friendly service!
Putters on west Cheyenne is a nice place to unwind after work or even stop by for lunch.  Had the large pizza and it was great.
The chicken kabob plate with side salad and bread with garlic sauce is amazing. My family and I have become regulars.
I love Lenny's burgers! They are always speedy and have great burgers! Fantastic place to have lunch during work.
Based on the Trashcan Nachos and friendly waitstaff I give this a 5 star review. I wast able to try any other dishes unfortunately.
Food is really good, but portion sizes need to be a little bigger.
Awesome food, excellent service-Antonio is the best \nServices.\nPlace is clean, bathroom clean n cool instrumental music plays to soothe the soul!\nFood is authentic and classic Peruian!\nGreat food!
Great service! Responded very quickly and were able to make repair to our bathtub. Very fast, efficient and friendly. Will definitely call for more work in the future.
i love this place.  great food and service.  definitely my comfort food place.  Amanda was great!!
I went to get jumper cables. Manager there was very polite and informative. If I'm in the area will definitely stop by again.
Dr Bates was very insightful and pleasant to discuss the options for my pain. I would recommend him to others.
I didn't like the service and attitude of everyone at this place.\n\nI have been to Cleo's in LA and the Ambience , Food and service was 1000 times better.
Consistently delicious. Always fast, friendly service. Our family's go to restaurant when we're in the south. Highly recommended! Also, great vegetarian options.
Nice place downtown..good atmosphere..we can also customize taco and it's interesting..price is also very good..will bring my friend next time
From top to bottom this is the unfriendliest staff I have ever encountered in any place of business.
I love the margaritas and the tacos aren't bad either. Guacamole is freshly made and always a great appetizer.
Not too bad, service was a little slow, but food was good.
Absolutely spectacular service and amazing food.  I don't write many reviews but this restaurant deserves a good review.
Very high quality. I tasted the apple fritter, crumb and blueberry cake. All were quite fresh with a moist, springy consistency. I particularly like the apple fritter.
Good food for a good price! Everything was presented well, and all of the food was fresh. They seem quite popular! The service was friendly and quick.
The Workway in Scottsdale is no better. Very unprofessional and not organized at all. Terrible listening skills and rude.
one word .. Cheap!\ntuesday is $1 movie day and the others are $1.50! \n\nit gets pack on weekends. get there earlier in the day.smaller theaters but decent looking..
Here in Phoenix from out of town and looking for a good place to eat dinner. I happened upon Wild Thaiger. Great food and cocktails. Good value. Highly recommend!
Best burger I've had from a fast food establishment ever.  And the burgers actually look like they do in the pictures and not sloppily thrown together.
Best place for food and drinks!! GREAT service! Megan is the best waitress!!! Will definitely come back!
I had scrub wrap massage package. Patrick is great. Wonderful experience. I will go back!!!!
Best Blimpie in the country all thanks to Kal!!! Haven't been here in over 5 years and he still remembers me!
Worst reuben sandwich I've ever had and $13, to boot.\nSlow service.\n$7 Fat tires.
This is so good I had to stop in the middle of the meal just to write this review. Food is awesome!
Been here twice with my husband both times very impressed with food and service.
Stopped here on the way home from visiting and instantly fell in love. Will be a required stop any time we're in town from now on.
Clean.  Hip.  Casual. Contemporary.  Decorated by Ikea.\n\nGood stopping point on the way home.
Favorite sushi place in Charlotte. They have a great buffet as well. I wish they served fountain sodas (they bring a can) but other than that, they are great!!
Arguably the best smoothie place in Zona...fantastic.  The food is right on par as well.  Friendly staff that helps you find exactly what you need!
She did it again! Absolutely love her work   I'm a happy client always  every 3 weeks I go to her! She keeps my hair nice and healthy!
Club was beautiful. Came on a thursday night so it wasn't packed and they played a good selection of both hip hop and house. Had so much fun!
Absolutely love this place! They make a Friday night so much more fun! Justine made our visit soooo worth it! Definitely come and See her!
Loved the server and California chicken club was filling, bit overpriced but would go back again
Had the T-bone steak with grilled veggies and horseradish cream sauce. It was delicious better then the prime rib my bf had. Service was excellent.
The entire store has been recently renovated and they added a sushi counter and lots of specialty cheeses as well as spice jellies.
Been going to Zev for 15+ yrs.  I like this location the best and the people he has working in the shop makes for a fun time everytime!!
As long as you hoat crappy electronic bands suck as e alo and majestic dubs I'll take my business elsewhere.  Get some quality acts please.
Excellent authentic Mexican.  Super fresh hand made tacos, nachos and quesadillas. We WILL be coming back for more.
The service at Cactus Preschool is great, they prepare your kids for preschool and getting that head start to kindergarden.
Excellent Italian. Very unique, homey, and quaint atmosphere. Authentic cuisine and character that are all too rare in the valley.
Love watching the \"dance\" of making the drinks.  Super fast service, huge selection.\nKeep wanting to branch out but end up getting the Tiramisu again and again.
He was so polite and no-nonsense. I was suspicious of all the 5-star ratings, but now I get it. Cannot recommend enough.
Clean and respectful! People are friendly and attentive! The avocado toast was excellent!
Every time I come to this location, no matter what time it is, there is no dr. available. What's the point of walk ins???
Amazing brunch $15 32oz bloody Mary with a grilled cheese, a slider, french fries and other good stuff in it
Has to be one of the driest sandwiches ever. Also it comes with one peperchini for each side I'm mean come on really?
For lunch or dinner, get the BBQ burger. One of the best I ever had. \nGreat food, service, price and location.
Yaaaaaas! Anytime you in Vegas\/SoCal\/\/AZ in&out is a must! \nSo good. Loads of yumminess in each bite. Double double, fries animal style and a coke... #HeavenOnEarth
This is a great little sports bar and restaraunt. The food is excellent and the prices very fair. \n\nThe service is also fabulous.
Not worth coming here if paying the single buffet price. Nothing spectacular about this place. I would skip it.
Honest and straight forward on costs. Very transparent in showing me what is being done. Would use them again, definitely.
We ordered our food and waited at the window for almost 20 minutes and once we got our food we didn't have 2 sandwiches. They have terrible service.
Perfect place to come for Chinese food at 3am after you've had a night out. The crowd is a little sketchy at times but it's nothing to worry about.
I have been searching for my forever nail salon and found it yesterday...thanks Vy absolutely love my nails
I love there pizza it has to be the best pizza. There always so fast and nice in that store !
Did a pool repair that lasted for two days. Now they won't return my call. Would not recommend.
Great place go there often! Great green curry with ship! The sashimi is also very good.
Bad location, worse food and poor service. Kind of funny... A \"meat market\" specializing in seafood!!\nI give it one more year then done.
Rip off.  They charged me way too much not that great of food. The Winterset set us did not show up half the time to get us more drinks
stay away. store is closed. It's a sad day when you go on line and to the mall website and they both sore it open.
Love coming to Viva to get my nails done ! Haley ALWAYS does an amazing job on my nails ! Kills the shape every time !
So much detail goes into each item at the buffet, it is truly next to impossible to pick only one of each. Kudos to the team at the Bellagio.
Our new Favorite Yogurt shop!!\n\nGreat selection with great prices and in good location.\n\nGood selection of toppings to go along with it
Awesome cake they made it look just how I wanted and it taste good too. I would highly recommend this company to family n friends
Variety was great, service was awesome, dining area was clean but the bathrooms needs more attention. It was filthy!
clean basic amenities hotel. bring your own toiletries and all should be then fine with their accommodations. internet is super slow. location is convenient to subway and restaurants.
Love their potato, egg, and cheese breakfast burritos! Filling and super huge.
Very good service, delicious food, very clean. The pepito was a steak sandwich and the avacado sauce is a great addition. Would return without hesitation.
I don't know why this isn't the cathedral of Phoenix. I always thought it was but then find out it wasn't. Beautiful old church though
Very nice inside decor.  Staff was friendly and the sushi roll called \"Tastes Like My Ex-Girlfriend\" was an explosion of flavor in my mouth...spicy, cool, crunch - delicious.
My wife tried one of the hot dogs today - wow, it was great!
Disappointed at the tiny automotive section here, but appreciate that the checkout lines are typically reasonable and cashiers usually friendly.
Great food but very frustrating customer service. Called in an order and had it come back incorrectly multiple times
Was awful.    Said be 50 minutes\nWas almost 3 hours. Had to keep calling over n over.  Way to expensive.   Really now how to make a bad situation worse.  Zero!!!
Again I enjoyed the service the prices and loved my Dodge charger they put me ,also treat you as family thanks again are!
Ilya's ROCKS\nThese dudes are Russian (Sunny Slope has got a lot of Russian businesses)\nRazor cut $20.00 wif tip - I will get treated like god the next time.
Shouldn't have accepted the Large Ice Coffee since apparently they don't have the lid that fits now my car is a mess and a waste of 5$
MY HAPPY STORE!  everything IN THE STORE IS JUST GLEAMING! Every couple of months they have a sale and a show.  This store is awesome!
Good environment. Average Italian food at reasonable price. Recommend their dessert.
I got the lettuce rape, low Carb, double cheese.  It was outstanding.  Very good service.  I highly recommend.
Great food. Good service. Very helpful manager and familiarizing us with their type of food and choices.
Really good chips and salsa. The tacos are also good  I order a margarita with a beer in it
Rich is a true man of integrity and does great work!  Plus he supports our veterans!  Highly recommend American Plumbing and Rooter!
I love this place... They have a really awesome lunch buffet for $13.99. The selection is great and super fresh!
Chocolate Cake and frosting were heavy, I prefer a lighter cake. Peach pie was not very sweet, crust was crumbly vs. flakey.
Real Alaskan king crab legs & caviar, kobe beef, flan, creamer brûlée, are a few,,,,perfect dishes.\nBellagio Buffet is #1\nYes better than Bucchanal at Caesars :-)
We are somewhat regulars. In at least 4-5 times a month.  Great food and staff very friendly
Had a horrible experience with this company.  They are just out to get money from your insurance company.  Be extremely cautious.
Service was friendly and good, but the hot turkey sandwich lacked any sort of flavor. Very disappointed.
This McDonalds has closed and moved to a new location on Scottsdale Road.\nScottsdale Road\/ Shea Blvd \nNew modern building in the shopping center with \nSafeway and CVS.
NASTY. They are expensive, messed up our whole order and what we did get we didn't eat because it was so gross.
345 pm on a Wednesday, 4 people behind the counter (one on the phone) and I stood there for 10 minutes without even being acknowledged, so I left.
Great atmosphere. Servers were awesome! The food is unbelievable. Corned beef hash was my fav.
Very friendly and welcoming staff, the machines were beautiful and downright sexy! If you love the show it's a must see, if you enjoy top end vehicles, GO!
Chance and Christine is taking real good care of our table. All the courses are delicious and they're still coming. Drinks, food and ambiance are perfect!
The girl who did my pedicure did an awful job.. didn't know what she was doing; couldn't even paint them correctly \nWaste of money
Place is great!! Wonderful 2 for 1 cocktails for happy hour.  Every beer you can think of on the menu.  Great bar food.  Some of the best i've had.
Great food and service.  Recommend for any serious Vegetarians or Vegans.  A regular customer
Had a horrible experience with this place.  Rude management and the worst service.   Go elsewhere.  Plenty of better options in town.
Great personalized service and unbeatable prices. Will definitely be buying my parts from him!
We travel often and always use their service. Good rates, timely pickups and dropoffs, friendly staff (Tony is especially great!). Highly recommend.
The oral surgeon, Dr. Baddam was so fast and efficient. Christine totally put me at ease and calmed me down. These girls are very skilled at what they do.
A nice clean place for your CenPho smoking supplies.\n\nThe owner is always behind the counter, super nice guy and he knows his products!\n\nOh yeah! Great prices to boot!\n\nBig ups!
Only barber I would go to in the valley ! Every barber is great you can't go wrong ! All styles and best fade I have ever gotten!
The Massaman Curry with Tofu will change your life forever! Probably the best Thai food in the valley.
Everyone here is so nice. Jordan was great and our waitress Cathy was efficient and fast sweet cakes are DOPE!!!
Typical mall pizza the pizza was lacking flavor boring. \n\nGarlic knots rock hard very disappointing.
Love it, location, hours, Thai tea boba! Yes! \n\nNo longer have to drive 20 mins for my fix..woo hoo!!
This location has more selection than the central Phoenix location - for instance they do have the vegan meatball sub here !
Read the reviews and went to the hidden gem for dinner tonight (Saturday night) and it was dark.  Either temporarily or permanently closed.  Call before you spend the effort...
Poor service and mandatory tips. Good was decent but over priced. Asparagus was cold and woody. 30 years traveling to Vegas and least satisfying
Great service, great food! The fajitas are the go to with the big flames however everything I tried including the chips and salsa were great!\n\nThanks , will be back!
Very nice, comfortable and unpretentious place. Professional and courteous staff and massage-therapists. Can't go wrong with this convenient and accessible 'spa'.
Everytime I come out to Phoenix I come to Chino Bandidos it's amazing! Jade Red Chicken and Jerk Chicken ftw!
Ron did a great job helping us pick out our new couch! We will be back for all our future furniture needs.
Fajitas have great flavor.  We tried the chicken and the steak.  Very good chips and salsa.  Fried Ice Cream is delicious.
SERVICE and FOOD is spectacular! Our server was so personable And made us feel very welcome!
the food is very good, it is fast food concept so don't expect to have a sitting area. The prices are good and the portions filling.
These are proper pies! Full of stuff...not like Kanga Pies, which are yummy but skimpy on meat. I have had the sausage rolls and beef& cheese...divine.
Definitely coming back for my sons hair cuts! They're great & customer service is the best! I felt welcomed!! Would recommend to anyone.
L Stone's haircut game is on another level. I ALWAYS leave with the fresh icy cut! He's on time, clean & professional.
Didn't have duck breast but had scallopini and veal chops. Pricey but hand cut and outstanding! Make the drive from Charlotte and bring a cooler.
Why would I go anywhere else when I  to go to the best? Awesome selection of gel nails and colors, for me this is a regular stop every month
smoothie was good and the wheat grass is a must.
My wife and I just checked in and this place is fantastic.  Great room, great price and great location.  Great for a romantic get a way!  I'm coming back!
Love this place! We often come here after dim sum, and the drinks are always fresh and quickly made! Highly recommend!! :)
Was not impressed with the food at all. Tacos came out cold. Our server was super friendly and the ambiance of the place was cool.
I tried this for the first time and definitely i am going back everytime we are here in Las Vegas. Recommended it already to our family and friends.
Picked up every Friday, delivered back Saturday! Awesome service, I can keep my credits for the next weeks if I don't use them! Awesome price and packaging
Their coffee is solid--better than coffee tree roasters, imo--and the atmosphere is nice and relaxed. Prefer this place over the local chains any day.
Best place to eat in Mosaic District , we love the place to visit with family n friends
nice course, great service, excellent conditions, not crowded, second time here, will be back
Great food for the price. Best flour tortillas around and good customer service you gotta try this place!!!
I eat here at least once a week. If you come here do yourself a favor and get something from their traditional Chinese menu. Great bang for your buck.
Just not as good as the original store on Shea and Scottsdale Road
Great food super close by. I work in the building but I still come here for Togo orders.
Amazing coffee, roll cakes, and great people working here!! Shingen roll cake tasted so good with red bean and mochi inside! Best $3.75 I could spend. :)
We try it for the first time and it was ok on the Gyro chicken parmigiana was burned don't think I'm going back.
This is one of the best pizza place downtown! Especially the Fileti D.O.C which has some real good Motzerella Cheese!
Super good, fish taste super fresh , I my opinion it's better than Soho I think Soho is great.
Great place, fun setting, great value, great food.  Very ample servings.  You may not to order as many sides or dishes as you think!  You'll enjoy
My wife and I have been coming here for years and years and we love this place.  Rosa and Brenda are the best!
Worst Starbucks ever!!!!  Drive thru takes 20 minutes to go through it!!!! Doesn't even deserve stars...
Ridiculous.  The best beet burger.  Smoothies  juices. Dinners. Coffee. Its all flavorful and is so wonderful.  Biscuits and gravy.   Breakfast sandwich.  Chili.
Ordered from them once. I did not like their food at all. My teenage son and his friends will grab Lo mein from them but that's it.
We had a great experience at Pizza Rev! The general manager, Brandon, was very energetic and engaging. Not to mention, our pizza was super good;). Thank you Pizza Rev!
Amazing Caesar, not drowning in dressing. Had the short ribs, wonderfully tender and succulent. The veggies were amazing too. The coffee and donuts might be my new favorite dessert
Great food, great service, great atmosphere.  I can't say enough about Mizu Sushi.  I've been there 3 times now and thus far everything is just fantastic.
Best Philly steak and cheese I've had. Amazing owners that were very friendly and treat the customers like family. Had an amazing red sause, must put in your Philly!
Booked room and had emergency an hour later and they wouldn't refund.  Nice!!!   Avoid this place and will share this with everyone I do business with.
Incompetent and not able to help with even giving you a price on a med before buying it.  Really, who runs a business like this.
In the car buying business it does not get any better that Charles Forker at Precision Fleet Services! They ROCK!
Great place for tacos and drinks. Over 100 tequila's. Service was awesome, food awesome, and atmosphere awesome. Can't wait to come back!
excellent food and good specials - it's just that the silverware is usually dirty and there have been flies in the restaurant.
charged 300.00 to make a key for a 1996 ford explorer
Delicious food and great service. The patio is dog friendly too! Awesome omeletes de la casa
Love Costco!! Hard to get outta that place without spending 10x why you planned on spending.
Never had Filipino cuisine before, but this place made me fan. Very small place, I suggest call ahead with your order...
This place has a lot of integrity...you can see it all over the walls around the bar paying their respects to the punk legends.  Yes, this bar is badass!
I like cheese sticks and portoions it's big. Good services and good quality .Woong is the best server. I will come again.
Ponte Vecchio is the best place to show off the Cleveland skyline.  A beautiful view paired with a superb dinner.
Korean BBQ as it is back in Hawaii. It's as simple as that. Good choices and good tasting meals.
This place is awesome food is delicious, service is wonderful, and they deliver. I love this place
Great food!!!  Build your own burger, with a bar!  Love it; and great option for downtown!
I been going to this same location for over two years and I got a good deal on insurance. \nNice people and they work with you.
This used to be one of my favourite places to eat indian food.  I would always get the veggie thali and a chai.  They are very nice there.
My wife and I had amazing salads and juices here today. We will definitely be back soon.
Good mechanics, but they price gouge. When I looked up the products they wanted to use, I found that there was a 300% markup, +labor. Did it myself.
Food is always good. Some great local local beer choices. Just the seating is a bit too tight. Not very comfortable.
Ice cold water egg drop soup and fried rice are all amazing. Egg rolls are incredible. The sauce is great.
Glad that this place is here and close by to all the Brookline peeps. Small selection though. Would probably drive to a larger store to have more wine choices.
If I could give Dr. Vanyo-Novak ten stars I would. She is friendly, understanding, and empathic. She listens and explains. Very happy to have found her.
I had a fish and shrimp dish for lunch. The fish was very fresh and tender, shrimp was very well flavored. The service is also good! Highly recommended!
Had a nail in my tire and came to Comstock without an appointment. Service was prompt and reasonable. I was really glad they were there when I needed them!
Toast gives me the feels. Always coming in strong with the herb omelettes. Keep up the good work
My favorite sushi spot in Ahwatukee. Good atmosphere with great service. Love the chicken curry.
Friendly service and tasty bagels. They give you plenty of cream cheese for all (5) bagel quarter slices that they give you.
Ask for the Chicago style spices on your pepperoni pizza!! It will blow your taste buds!!
Look this place great bakery great cupcakes awesome birthday cakes they do a fantastic job!!! I want to eat them every day!!
Clean store. Easy access. Lots of different products on shelves. Variety of bread and snacks. Prices are good. Nice employees.
Great music good food...definately returning\nHad me dancing in my seat and the watermelon margarita was delicious....
Went for lunch. The price menu a amazing deal.  So good. The octopus is amazing. The lamb is killer. I'd skip the hummus spreads.
Excellent! Great food, large portions. I went with 5 of my girlfriends and we were all very pleased. No wait time, fast service and very affordable! Very Happy.
You're friendly neighborhood punk bar NOW COMPLETE WITH CLAW MACHINES! Dive on in and stay awhile!
Lane Kay is very professional, and down to earth. Would highly recommend to anyone who needs legal counsel they can trust.\nJerry
Exelent place to stay I highly recommend this place a great place to eat and have fun.
We conquered the entire menu. And let me tell you, I would do it all over again.
Huge portions!  The build your own turkey burger is enormous.  Good selection of beers, several varieties on tap also.
Good place to go for a simple haircut, I was a walk in and the wait wasn't long either! Thanks
Fast delivery. Great price. Amazing chicken chimichangas !!!! \nI don't think anything else needs to be said
Great place for an affordable money saving meal to feed the family for about $20 and free delivery now!!!!
Best UV tans and spray booths! Always clean, affordable and quick. Love this place :)
This store has a good selection of items and has excellent specialty areas like meat, deli, floral, and bakery. They also have a nice seasonal section.
The food is Yummy. When you order to go they give you a good amount of free chips&salsa and beans. The lady that works there is nice.
The shop is still around!  Moved a block west to 1075 Queen St West and is now called Eye Wonder Optical.
Lobster bisque is sooo good! And the divers scallops are my favorite! I will come back...great date place!
La comida estuvo riquísima y con un excelente servicio. Los precios son bastante razonables
Great food and portions.  Ambience was really nice. Was made to be comfortable with my 4 and 1 year old.
My husband and I got shrimp and fish tacos. They were bland, nothing special. I don't understand what the hype is about.
This place is clean, the service was great, the price was ok but the food was average.
Terrible service and an overpriced menu.  You have 15 people behind the counter, no one in front of me, but 20 minutes for my order.  Terribly run place.
Pretty legit steakhouse. Needs an extended happy hour.
Long line - food was better than regular breakfast sandwiches.  I would go back but it may be quicker to order room service.
Terrible! Paid for the worst manicure I've had in my life! Didn't push my cuticles back I could've done a better job! Will never be going back
Greek Night!  Total success.  Delicious entrees, large selections, and full of authentic flavors.......and aromas.  Ribs were especially tasty.  Must get to the next one in Nov.  Friendly staff!
Went here on my Birthday with family and friends,  had Jambalaya and it was great. Delicious Birthday cake and patron margaritas
I love this place! It's got an old school feel and you could be sure you're going to be walking out with a quality cut.
Great happy hour drink deals.  Cheap! Food is good as well.  Get the wings.  They are the best thing on the menu.
Just finished up a nice breakfast here. It's a small neighborhood spot. Good eggs, home fries, and Gyro meat. The décor will not impress but the food will
The food was very good and the service was excellent.  This is a good Restaurant for a Birthday or Anniversary Celebration.
Fantastic ramen. Possibly best in Phoenix area so far. Kara age chicken is great too. Order nishikawa black
So many delicious flavours to choose from! A huge tub (22$) fed a family of 7 nooooo problem. Totally worth the trip to a shady part of R. Hill
I've been coming here for a while now and have to say im never let down. Food and service have always been impeccable.
They do a great job! Nathan is super professional and by far does the best job of anyone I have had out to do them. I highly recommend
Average across the board.  It's gets the job done.
Best salad place around. Delicious and reasonably priced. Wish there was another location in West Surprise!
When we did not take a table outside tonight with the possibility of rain they put us back on the list but not the tip of list
Went here a few months ago and forgot to review but wow the BBQ is amazing.  Love the chill environment too!
all I can say is delicious!!!! we ordered the watermelon sweet, sweet box coffee, and strawberry latte.
Not an artisan coffee shop but they serve Fresh, strong coffee with ample breakfast\/snack items--some are even healthy! Certainly a Mississagua java joint worth your time.
So so food but sweet staff and low prices got the 4th star, waitress was a honey
Great food, fast service, nice clean environment, and reasonable prices. If you have never tried Pho, this is a great place to get a genuine experience.
This is the most unexpected marriage of food.  I have to admit, it's kind of fun eating refried beans with chopsticks!
Auttum is an amazing therapist he helped me with pain i had from the gym i highly reccomend him hes amazing sensitive and very professional
Ce petit resto a une super ambiance, le menu est court mais original et très savoureux! Conseil d'ami : réserver, ça se remplit vite!
Bobby and Devinne were awesome as they answered alot of questions and very professional. Nice store. Highly recommended... You won't be disappointed going there. Alot of fun stuff.
The food was alright but the customer service was horrible and the serve time is ridiculous.
Great drive through mexican food. Rivals Robertos in San Diego. Nuff said!
Fish fry Friday=good food!\nOur first time here and we will be back.\nGood atmosphere \nDan is the man!
Mediocre drinks.  Mediocre food. Mediocre service.  Douchey loud techno lounge music.  I tried it 1\/2 off with a Groupon.  Meh.
First time here, this place is really cool. Jed, Ace and Laurie are awesome.  Oh and the food is damn good too
The Best Mexican Food Restaurant in the NW Las Vegas Area..... Do your stomach a favor and check it out!
Very cool place.    Food is good and fast.   Very cool atmosphere.   Lots of military, police, and firefighter memorabilia on the walls.
Insane way to do business. Waited in line 2.5 hours for a reserved car at Phoenix sky harbor. Never again
Fun place. Food is not that bad.\n\nI love the drinks flavored candy. Best time to go is for breakfast and brunch.  Fries are amazingly good.
Nice spot but mainly a bar scene. Surprisingly mediocre food. The burgers were actually poor, dry, underwhelming. Perhaps we're spoiled with great burger spots nearby. Unlikely to revisit
Very normal buffet. Nothing special. Good if you want to have a big meal but you will find better buffets with the same price.
5$ large unlimited toppings tue and wed! Tasty goodness! Check em out...
Awesome service.. Great communication on arrival time... prompt\/friendly service... Eran was able to solve our lock situation in seconds!!!
Service toujours un peu long, mais j'y retourne pour la poutine au porc effiloché. Les frites sont bonnes, surtout avec une de leurs fameuses sauces!
Great staff, I worked with Michael L and he did a great job. Also, Caitlin the assistant manager was very helpful.
It's a basic standard Target. Nothing special.
An excellent meal, ambience and service. Had one of the pinot noirs and literally was the best glass of wine of my life.
Great food and great service! I love coming here. Make sure you get hot sauce with your hummus! The hummus falafel rolled is my favorite!
Tastes pretty cool. Wrapped my pizza in foil after, the slices I couldn't finish. I have to admit, used a lot of foil
Don't go unless you have LOTS of time on your lunch break. We waited over half an hour for our sandwiches
I bought some arrangements for a business gift and they looked great. Family run business with great customer service and many different style arrangements. Will be going back.
Great breakfast, freshly made. The coffee is also high quality and they have a wide variety of choices. Best breakfast I've had in Montreal.
Sweet and savory! We ordered Nutella crepe and tomato with cheese. It was really good i just wish they diced the tomatoes rather than being big chunks .
This is an ok place. The sever was obnoxious. Pretzel bites were raw. The wings were cold. Will not return.
Casey Jones is where I go to eat. Their sandwiches are great. Sean is the best. Marcie is a great waitress.
Wow what a great place !! Clean, a bunch of options and excellent customer service! We had a great time and the girls help us a lot !\nThanks !!!
sehr schöner botanischer Garten. Vorallem der chinesische sowie japanische Garten ist sehr sehenswert
Fast, delicious, warming and affordable. Cant go wrong here. i have yet to have a bad experience here. Been here dozens if times.
The salted caramel pudding, the pretzel with fondue, the deviled eggs...amazing.  Service is always spectacular and it's nice how they work as a team to ensure everyone is satisfied.
First time at public school and our server Brianna made our experience absolutely wonderful. Food was decent however the server was great. We'll definitely be back!
Service is always friendly and prompt. I love the Tikka Masala.  The hummus combo is also a must have with chicken.
I had dinner there last night I ordered the prime New York strip it was very chewy and fatty definitely not prime I would not go back
Dim Sum is awesome.  Service is super fast, five plates on the table within 2 minutes of seating.  Hidden gem.
a great addition to the Valley!   serving locally roasted coffee including Roastery of Cave Creek - \"Roc2\"  to go with their delicious pastries !
The food was a 2 stars... Plus one of the waiters was really RUDE!! I just assume he was having a bad day..
Love this small business coffee shop! They have so many flavors which is great when getting away from the typical Starbucks drinks.
EVP is a caffeine oasis in a baron wasteland of coffee-flavored water. \n\nExcellent coffee and espresso drinks, friendly baristas, and some solid lunch options.
Always dependable.   This is our local favourite Japanese in Bloor West Village.  Street parking limited before 6pm.
Pretty decent food, good drinks, good breakfast. Solid service. If only they would improve their coffee...
Great food ! I like the dumping and  steam bun ! Service was ok! Will bring my family to try the p duck !
Lots of good highlighters and pens to choose from -- I'm sold.
I needed some clothes cleaned last minute and they did it same day! Great quality and friendly people. Will definitely be back!
Awesome atmosphere and food was amazing as usual. Would highly recommend the street carrots!  Super delish!
Technician (Josh) was prompt, friendly, knowledgeable, and professional.  I made a service request on Monday night, and they came out the next morning.  I highly recommend Dr. Cool.
Ok taste, far from good. But acceptable. Ok service. Nothing impressive. The quantity is big though. Seafood cake is good. Just an ordinary Korean restaurant.
It is really nice place and the service is great!  The price is reasonable! I definitely will come back again and bring my friends also.
Very courteous, thank you. Towed my dual sport bike from central Pheonix to RideNow Chandler, offered me water as I rode along for the ride.
I think they have one of the best soy chicken! Removed one star as service can be bad sometimes and food flavour can be slightly inconsistent.
Nice hotel... I have a regular 1-bed room with a jacuzzi in the room. Glass shower surrounded by stone. Nice bathroom forsure
Absolutely WORST experience I've had dealing with my car. DO NOT GO HERE. Rude technician cussing about my car and heavy battery . Store employees completely unorganized. Very disappointing.
My favorite BBQ joint in Phoenix. The brisket is something else and the food is easy on the pocket. Highly recommended, be prepared to wait.
Amazing place. Ben gave us an exceptional customer service and most importantly the food is out of this world!!
Been there countless times for their pan-fried dumplings and eggplant hotpot.  Otherwise, a perfectly fine cheap-Chinese restaurant.
Walk-ins are not welcome , staff is rude. Didn't even get a chance to speak with anyone about an appointment. The negative reviews (few) were pretty spot on .
Had a good time. Clean, fast, friendly. Most of all, great authentic mexican food. Reasonable price too.\n\nWorth the stop! 5 stars.
Decent service, decent food. Loud but understandably so. Unforgivable is the taste of their coffee. Did not finish it. Maybe they should clean their coffee maker more frequently.
Tried it once, about 7 months ago. We have literally been back every week since. Rice balls, Cheesesteak Sandwiches, and Penne ala Vodka. Yaaaaaaaas!
I had the El bombero. It was very good. Very authentic and delicious. The other 7 adults really enjoyed there meals also.
Ive been to the LA location also, and both are fantastic! Great texture and flavor of eggs and the biscuits are delicious too!
Wonderful location, inventive menu, and great river views. Worth the trip, especially with all of the art and shopping opportunities in cute Paoli.
Great off leash park full fence and gated
I love chipotle but this location is a disaster. The line is usually so long it's outside and the employees are always rude. Go to a different location!
Decided to see what the Famous Galley Boy was all about. The sandwich was made sloppy and was dry. The best thing I had was the chocolate shake. Disappointed.
Sickest place ever! It smells like an airport but in a good way. Would recommend to a friend.
Tiny, tiny wings. The sweet chili sauce was great, but the wings are TINY!! Service needs some serious work. Kitchen was also slow.
Good food.  Nice Christmas tree.  \nCrepe and cheese cake was good\n\nWill come back again
Great experience, awesome pricing! Will definitely purchase policies from here in future.
I showed up 4min before my appointment. Got in the room 9min after appointment time. Was finished 56min after the appointment time. Great 45min message, if you ask me.
Delicious! sweet and sour pork is great. Good value unlike the franchise restaurants.
Favorite breakfast. Huge portions. Best blueberry pancakes. Baked berry French toast even better!
Amazing food with amazing customer service. The scallops were amazing thanks to the waiters recommendation. We will return:
Extremely good food and service... but the portions could be better for the price paid.
We love this place.... Food is amazing, (especially the wings), great beer prices, and excellent customer service!\nHighly recommend!
I have tried Parallax three times now and it is the worst sushi I have had in cleveland. The appetizers were great but skip the sushi if you go.
The names speaks for it self! \nThis place is the place to be for amazing appetizers the drinks and ambiance is a bonus!
Love the donuts, super friendly staff. Right outside the neighborhood, will definitely be returning.
Very quick service. I dropped it off, grabbed a sandwich and came back ready to pay. Nice guy named Mark working.
Show was fun audience involvement was fun i laughed alot free tix on his website
Tasty! Clean, healthy and friendly located right across Club Pilates studio. Recommend the fried rice.
For awesome real donuts this is the place my fav is the tiger tail fyi: cash only!
Justin and Sierra are the best... very helpful and friendly. Nice store with plenty of items for the adventurous couple. \nThanks crew
The best crab legs I have ever had!!  The prime rib was also amazing.  Everything else was just so-so.  But you must go here for the all-you-can-eat crab legs!!
Excellent Service. Friendly, Clean, Efficient and fair pricing!\n\nWe got a great deal and feel trustworthy about this shop. Would recommend to friends and family until proven otherwise.
Huge huge improvements in food and service and overall atmosphere since the previous operation.  A neighborhood favorite. Just got better.  Try the chicken torta, it's amazing!!!
Food was great. Great service and staff was friendly. Robert the cook was a cool dude
Aweful. We waited for an hour only to be given a cold bibimbap. Had to walk out cause we didn't want to eat other people's leftovers.
Ordered beef rib (spicy), lamb, and chicken (spicy) tacos. Three tacos were enough to fill me up for lunch.\n\nBest tacos I've ever had!
So cute. So friendly. So fast. So affordable. Located very closely to where I live and my dogs love the people. I will continue to come.
Great breakfasts here! Lots of combinations to choose from. Fast service. Big portions.
I guess my hairdresser thinks uneven haircuts are in style now? \n\nIf it wasn't so cheap I would have given them one star.
I love this restaurant.. Great service and food. Nothing much else needs to be said. This is 1 of the best restaurants in Las Vegas.
We eat here regularly. Great food, great beer and the staff is always friendly. Our favorites are the chicken wings and the ribs and the side dishes are amazing!!
Dinner was amazing ! Service was on point definitely will be back very soon. Food was flavorful. Drinks were smooth and server was delightful.
Service is horrible. Took weeks to get a date then canceled after I moved furniture. Most unprofessional and stressful experience. I would never recommend .
Wonderful service from Carol! The unlimited drink option is a definite must! Plenty of food to choose from and finish with their homemade ice cream!
Best doughnuts I have ever had! They are fluffy and delicious. The employees are very nice and helpful. Thank you for a good experience
The food is absolutely amazing. It tastes really fresh and extremely authentic. The staff is super friendly and quite knowledgeable as well.
Place is amazing, food is excellent, nice vibe in the restaurant, our server Kobee was the best
This place is great. The service was excellent and I think it's a family run restaurant. The food was cooked perfectly and was definitely worth the money.
Had one of the vegan burgers and was SUPER impressed! Everything was very fresh and delicious. Will definitely come back
The cake had amazing flavor and looked exactly like we asked for! Delivery was on time as well!!
This place is really good. My family loved it. The employees were really nice. Loved the cotton candy with fruity pebbles. Was different then anything I have ever had.
Just a beautiful park to spend the day... So many relaxing places just to sit and enjoy the peaceful view.  Love the rose garden and Japanese Garden.
Yum!  This is one of Cuyahoga Falls best kept secrets. So delicious. They have a great menu with an excellent breakfast selection.
Much better than Panera, for about the same price.  Food is sooo fresh, they have salad bar, free ice cream.  Soups are amazing, great variety of sandwiches.
* Pho is average\n* Place looks clean\n* Average priced\n* Average service and can get very busy at times
The buffalo chicken sandwich is the best!  Baked potato soup is def worth trying as well!
Tyler and his team are amazing, professional and knowledgeable, I wouldn't trust anyone else with my car.
Very nice staff and an excellent dentist, have sent many a family and friends to Dr. Milt
Never again. Most of the food was horrible. Salty salmon, Sandy clams, horrible crab legs..
Good for the price plus Del Taco gives out coupons in the mail. Which helps for your budget. Surely return back for a quick bite to eat.
place was awesome great pool and the staff was great only reason i gave 4 and not 5 was because it is towards the end of the strip
We had a very pleasant breakfast at this diner. The food was good and the service was super!
Great variety and selection for all hair products. Definitely my first choice of where to go for any hair needs. Everything is also very fairly priced. 5\/5 !
Really fucking good enchiladas. The bottomless mimosas are making me feel weird. We have a cool server who speaks Spanish and likes tequila. Cheers.
They have the best French toast made with challah!  Good matzo ball soup and sandwiches.  Def as close to NY deli food as you can get in Vegas.
Very professional work. Took the time to explain each detail of the report and answered any questions I had on the spot. Would recommend.
Great food, friendly staff and food was ready in a timely fashion. Would recommend to anyone in the area.
Very chill spot! Good food and relaxing! Waitress was amazing! A little overprice, but what do you expect at the airport.
Awesome breakfast sandwiches.  Great staff,  although some crew members could be a bit happier.
Absolutely love this place .. Great prices and my fav Wine !! Jason is so nice great service!!
best chicken tandoori and mango pudding ever tasted! complementary nan is decent
R.This restaurant has the best bananas foster French toast.  It's a must for us after a hike of the butts across the street in Tempe.
Very friendly, excellent service.  Highly recommend Diamondback Cleaners, I have been a customer for over 2 years.
The food and service was great. It's a family owned business and we will be returning for there great food.
The food was good. Very trendy. Vodka-cranberry could have been stronger. With that said, I love this place
No complaints, great service, good food at good prices! Lunch special deal is awesome too
Well known for their chicken sandwiches, however they make the best bacon egg and cheese breakfast sandwich.  Service is quick and team members are engaged, friendly and helpful.
Good and welcoming food, owner and waitress were friendly. \n\nTry their lunch specials, nothing crazy but I'm sure each dish would have a unique exotic kick.
LOVE it, every time im in vegas this has always been a good time!
Fantastic - very attentive servers. We had calamari, seafood duo & scallops with grits. Mouth watering!
Service and food were outstanding. Lobster tail was grilled perfectly and was so sweet . The lobster bisque was heaven....The service was impeccable..Will return!
Purchased a firearm on 1\/3\/16 The salesman was both knowledgeable and professional. Not a wide selection of ammo though. Heading back to shoot today.
Excellent service! Went in to get my screen fixed. Only took 30 minutes and my screen is better than ever! Highly recommend!
This place has great food and better customer service.! First time here but deff will not be the last!
Great Customer Service. I love the staff! But what is the managers name? Thank you for the time and please reply soon :D ASAP actually
Great Salon, Stephanie did my hair twice and i will continue to use her. I tell anyone and everyone this is the place to go!
Delicious pizza and a great business to add to North Royalton. The owner was very kind and willing to help you choice what was best for you!
OMG, perhaps this is the best resturant for getting great amounts of food for very low prices. Very tasty. Enjoyed~~
True East Coast bagels in Vegas.  Amazing.\n\nPastries are great, sandwiches are flawless.\n\nAlways packed on Sunday mornings, which only makes it more fun.\n\nYou can't go wrong here!
Good atmosphere, good miso soup. Great sushi, loved the spicy tuna!
It's close and a bit fact ire for Roosevelt area. So it's a nice change and a fun spot. Monday food bar is the best!!!!
Nice place for Indian food.\nSmall but tasty food. Made to order.\nYou may want to have some less oil in the food.\nGood service from Sanjana.\nThanks.
There breakfast burrito's are terrible.  I ordered 2 and it cost me $14. Spend $2 at McDonalds and it will taste better.
The sea food was great and endless.  They will prepare it to your satisfaction.  The breakfast was just as good.  Service was attentive and welcoming.
Whatever happened to free drinks? I ordered a white Russian and got charged 7 bucks. Disappointing.
I like this one a lot. It's never overly crowded regardless of the time of day. Looks a lot clear than the other locations as well.
Donuts were very fresh and friendly service. We had donuts holes and a double chocolate donuts. Everything looks delicious. They also serve breakfast sandwiches.
I love this place.  Very much just like the old time diners with a moving train.  The food was good also.  Had a blt sandwich that hit the spot.
Horrible,second time having old stale fries.asked to speak to a manager he did nothing. Will not return,go to burger fi,they are way better and fresh
Came here on a busy weekend while visiting Montreal, great food and drinks. Loved the bartender and server. Good deals on food and shots. Try the smoked meat sandwich.
First time and last\nBurger was okay. Nothing special. \nCheese sticks weren't cooked all the way. \nSides were smaller than the pictures on web site.
I was here once, for a comic con.  It was okay, I guess.  The security was ridiculously over the top and the layout was a bit weird.
This place is simply amazing! The dishes are very large so you might want to share with someone!
Hands down the best Mexican place in Calgary!! Food is very tasty, extremely friendly owners and once they have there liquor license it will be my new favorite place.
Just got my ultrasound done today, Brandy was so sweet and knowledgeable and you can tell she really cares! Would recommend to anyone!
This the best Ramen I've had outside the city. The broth was delicious, try the Hokkaido ramen. I'm happy I have a good ramen spot in the GTA.
What on earth, I adore this place. Thai iced tea ice cream? A miracle.
Best food I've ever had! Honey walnut shrimp, Garlic green beans, shrimp fried rice. Wow. Amazing.
Nice owners, reasonable prices.  Honest opinions. Give them a try!  I was very happy.
Friendly fast and did I mention friendly. Recommend buying your tires at this store and you won't be disappointed!
Friday night, long day at work.  Didn't feel like cooking and yeah got a delicious pizza....fantastic.  They took great care of us.
Ordered a New York Style pizza with pepperoni, feta, garlic and jalapeño . I like how they offer 2 to 4 toppings for no extra charge.
First time eating Mediterranean I must say\nVery good guys. I will definitely be back for \nMore, love the atmosphere.
They need more workers to service the food area. One girl trying to handle 50 people at a time.
Great service and awesome food! Don't miss the Brisket, it's delicious. Very friendly staff
Everything is delicious! Highly recommend the Tom Yum, it's top notch! Love the spices! Great food!!
Conner & Mandy were so hospitable. Cocktails & lunch were the best, based on their suggestions. Come down & have some food & drink!!
Oh man. their spicy hummus is the best thing i've ever tasted. Great food, friendly people, good sized portions!
Fantastic\nCome early. Line gets long quickly.\nGreat food.\nA variety of smoked meats and sides. \nGreat service.
Cool place. Waitress Christina hot blonde big boobs!!! awesome service thanks. Ill be back.-Bella Vegas
Had the pork chop with horseradish mashed potatoes...so amazing!! The best chocolate cake for desert!!\n\nHad a great experience at Jake's!! Looking forward to going back soon!
What an awesome spot in our little town outside of town. Amazing food, great service; this is a must try! Ill definitely be back.
What an amazing sandwich and very nice staff I got the Philli cheesesteak and it was amazing next place in town for your sandwich craving
The food was delicious but just waaay too over priced!. $115 for Peking duck that's insanity!
Quality of pedicures are consistent and it's really clean. I love that they use liners for the soaking tub.
This \"restaurant\" never gets my order correct.  This morning, I ordered two bacon croissantwiches and got one bacon and one sausage.  What a load of shit!
Amazing food and even better service. Hats off to the gentlemen with glasses and a beard. Sorry don't remember his name!
Good food.\nExcellent service and price.\nWent with friends in Phoenix on our way back to CA.\n\nVery friendly accommodating staff.
Great selection of gluten free and vegetarian dishes. I got the curry and thai tea and it was really good.
One of the best local late night hangouts in Vegas! Whenever friends or family come to town I make sure to take them to the fire pit room.
Excellent food. Giant portions. We came for breakfast and had their huge pancake. Delicious and awesome service!!!
Super good.  Took the recommendion from them and tried the bhel poori.  It was super good. Nothing like I've had before. \n\nWill definitely come back and try other things.
Cute local ice cream shop in Cornelius.  The salty caramel truffle was delicious.  My 4 year old loved the electronic train they had running inside.
The coconut milk mango pudding...the best! Shrimps rolls and dim sum is good. Nothing too special aside from the hours!
Stay away from this place. Over charges and only does band-aid repairs. The place also looks like it's a temporary store front.  Find another alternative to this place.
Walked over from a local hotel.  Typical hotel sports bar motif.  Had great service and a nice chicken Caesar salad.  Not a bad place at all.
Valvoline in Streetsboro is the BEST!! Just got my oil changed there and it was so easy, fast and reasonable.  I won't go anywhere else in the future.
Very good restaurant and excellent chef! The food is very fresh and prepared right infront of you. Highly recommended.
Dim sum at midnight?\n\nTotally normal here... and awesome.\n\nOrdered Har gow, chicken noodle dish, fishball curry and soup.\n\n\nFood is all great here. Skip the milk tea though.
These guys are all class. Affordable, honest and friendly. We were very happy with Larry's attentiveness and timely arrival. Great job on our torsion springs.
Their fried chicken is slow cooked to perfection. That means even the breast is flavorful and not dry!
Yum! stopped here randomly and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food and service. \n\nPro tip: Get the mahi and pita chips! You won't regret it.
Jc C. nice to see you there this weekend it was fun love the kids getting together and they guys that work there are cool great with the kiddos!!
Awesome food! Ordered take out and also dined in several times! Spice level can be adjusted by letting the waiter know beforehand. The paneer dishes are very tasty.
One hell of a good buffet in las vegas! :)
Some of the best sushi I've ever had....and I come from the East Coast.  Unreal toro, have some of it's available.
Solid breakfast. Egg white omelette was great. Everyone else enjoyed their meals. Toast is AMAZING.
I've gone here for my smog twice and it's always great. Super fast and great customer service!
Arizona and the 202 is the only location that makes my drink correct every single time! Thank you!!
Delicious. Had the chicken flautas. Chicken in the flautas was lean and well seasoned. Just what I needed for lunch.
Phone number disconnected, closing doesn't appear to be temporary
First time doing an escape room and it was a blast. The staff was great and along with our experience.  We will definitely be back.
What a fantastic place! Fajitas and mole are as good as I've ever had and Carlos was spectacular. Go. It's well worth it!
Food good service good \nLittle small and crowed\nIf you don't like being close to strangers it want be for you!
Exceptional Ramen and service.  Staff very friendly.\nPrices are also very reasonable.  If you like Ramen this is a must.
Mexicali burger is aces.  Cheers to the mock Chicken teriyaki bowl
They were clean and very professional. I changed my mind about 3 times, but Chris was very patient with me. Definitely will be returning for future tattoos.
Great place for watching the Jays.   Food and beer selection and quality are very good.   Staff was attentive.   Stephanie and Josh were terrific.   Confusion about reservation was handled well.
EBC is anti-fun. No splashing?!?! Cmonnnnnnnn now!
Beautifully remodeled store with a good selection and good prices.  A great ministry overall!
Wow! So fresh! Flavor! Passion! You must eat here, and fast! Truly a Vegas gem and your taste buds will be oh, so very thankful!
A cozy and comfortable atmosphere! Good selection of wine and light bites to eat. Only giving 4 stars because it is quite expensive for the quality, in my opinion.
Love this place!!! Great beer selection!!!walk over to a non pretentious bar and have a great time! I wish it wasn't so busy all the time!! ;)
Every time I go I try a new burger and there ALL amazing. At the bar or at a booth the staff is friendly.
Waited in line for 45 minutes and still worth a five star review. Great service and the best dang BBQ over ever had.
So yummy! Cup o bread was so good and not overly sweet. Chill and laid back location...love the pajamas!
Thick tasty cucumber sauce (better than Mad Greek) and friendly family joint.  Ton of flavored coffee, like the Heath.  Can't wait to try rest of menu
Great omelletes!  Even though the wait was painfully long, definitely worth the wait.\n\nIt is an A+ alternative to the chain breakfast diners!\n\nWill return!
As close as you will find to a New York bagel.  Good quality lox, and make their own whitefish salad.  Best matzah ball soup in town as well.
Had sesame beef and orange chicken and both were great. My kids liked them as so everyone was happy and well fed.
The staff at this location is always amazing (and funny). They always pull through for me when I need something super fast.
Great place. Visited in during winterlicious, very cozy and classy interior. Food was delicious and creative menu. Worth it, will definitely return.
Such a great date night place! Intimate restaurant setting with fantastic, healthy food options. A little on the pricier side, but worth it for the unique dining experience.
Just eat at Zeera and ordered Fish Tikka& Buttered Chicken with Pulao Rice & Naan bread...It was Yummylicious!! Will definitely go back to try other dishes :)
Amazing! Delish, fresh, and good atmosphere. Go here for a post-workout treat.
Overpriced for mediocre food and slow service. The rooftop looked cool but it was closed for a private party. Restaurant was awkwardly empty and quiet on a Friday night.
I've been going to this location for years.  Needed new tires for my 2006 Tacoma this month and they did not disappoint with their price or service.
Worst experience! Store Manager Mark was rude and condescending. He lost a BIG sale $5000.00 and I had Cash! Going to Walkers
I schedule an appointment with them after my dentist left and I can not say enough GOOD about this practice!! I love everyone here!
Enjoy a well designed and yummy Farm Salad and a small bar feel. Nice, small simple pleasures here and the food menu is worth exploring. Friendly service.
Love how they take care of my pet Reggae. Hours are convenient. Close to home. Clean facility. Would recommend absolutely.
I wanted a great breakfast and that's exactly what I got at Lou's!!!! The food is great and the atmosphere is awesome!\nDo I mention they have home made jam!!
Best pet store ever! Amanda and Greg are so helpful and knowledgeable. Even more important, they are friendly and happy! Our dogs and our fish love this store too!
Best burger in town. Two people can split the double.
they are closed for remodeling..I reported yelp, but still showing open,,,
People are waiting 25 minutes or more for their take out. Never had to wait this long at any other location I've visited in PA, NJ, VA
So disappointed that this turned into a Fired Pie! I loved Pizza Me and I really disliked Fired Pie!  What a bummer!
My review is only for the hot food that's priced by weight: Food was okay but for really what they offer its not that good for the price point
Like to visit here at least once a week for satisfying my sweet tooth. Always a great place to load my pantry up also.
Good food!  Fun atmosphere.  Kinda loud in there but, love this place!  :)
Alyssa was very attentive and always made sure our glass was full! Great happy hour super cheap and amazing authentic Italian food !
Nice place, service is very good and food is pretty good too. They are very welcoming and make sure you're comfortable and having a good time.
Relatively new. Quiet place close to the new Opera House and Toronto Hilton Hotel. Menu has some interesting menu items. Everything nicely presented. Has lounge\/bar area. Good service.
Large resturante, small bar, good food with fast and friendly service. Portions are huge and the prices aren't high.
Their food is not good because it's salty. They also don't give free refills. I do not like it here.
Excellent! Love the tabouleh and lentil soup.
Real slow service, we were the first one in line and to order but 10 people got their food before ours, staff didn't really care... food was nothing special
Amazing gelato and awesome gelato!!!!! Best in las vegas!!! Really nice interior, super clean
Very pleased with our new pool. Thunderbird pool reps are organized, professional and timely. Great pool great customer service!
Excellent beer selection and decent food- definitely worth a try if you enjoy your beers
Excellent tacos!  The veggie burrito is also delish!   If you are in the neighborhood check it out.
Great establishment with wonderful staff. Absolutely would recommend to a friend! Do yourself a favor and book an appointment !
Waiters fabulous, maitre d' outstanding, food unbelievable! What a wonderful evening at Michaels at South Point.
Love the food here! The salmon with couscous is delicious! I come here every Thursday and Belle always serves my friends and me. Thank you Belle!
Great new addition to Toronto's dining scene.\nSimple menu, great food, excellent staff, cozy atmosphere.\nHighly recommend veal parm
Come for the booze....not the food....fun atmosphere and the bartenders are very nice.  Good bourbon selection.....
Absolutely our favorite.  Highest grade Sashimi and exceptional presentation.  The Owner, Chefs (especially the Sushi Chefs) and the staff are fabulous!
What can I say about Lorenzo our server.  He was simply amazing.
A very good experience, lost already the 20lb challenge in 5 weeks\nI recommend it.  Staff is friendly and help you  correct any bad form while doing the routine.
I've ordered a few different items from Old Carolina, but the half chicken is my favorite. The barbecue sauce options are pretty good too.
Place was great and neat! Wish their mason jars for purchase came with a straw lid. Other then that, it was amazing
If you're looking for a professional, this is the place!!! Love, love LOVE! My smile is amaze-balls
Expensive for the quality of food. Ordered lamb chops they smelled and tasted like fish! \nBad customer service! \nWont recommend and wont return!
This location has the fastest service I have encountered in Oakland which makes it convenient to grab breakfast or lunch on the go.
Food is decent. Service is ok. Nothing to rave about but if you want to watch sports, this is the place to be
LOVE this place! The turkey feta salad is delicious and there's something about the roll that comes with it that has me hooked!
Came here a couple of times for lunch and again today! I love their sweet and sour chicken. Sooo good!
A true gem.  Miss Jackie & Staff are wonderful.
All of the curry dishes are great. The barbecue rice is fantastic. Great staff. \nFairly priced.
Dr. Candace and Dr. Emily are fantastic and treat you with respect.  Love being treated and love the acupuncture.
Cool entertainment spot. Nice establishment, friendly staff--so far. Would be nice to have a package for families.
Other than the fact that our waitress was  extremely pushy, we fully enjoyed the German Babies.  I suggest you get here early.  Restaurant is small and popular.
This place is amazing! Perfect for happy hour with my girls. Mr. Juan is amazing and will make you the perfect drink.
The service was terrible, food was overpriced and small portions. Have no plans to return.
We love Asia Fresh. bourbon chicken with veg fried rice-perfect. Take away done quickly. service great. Great price.
Best guacamole I've ever had! Service is incredible. Go during happy house, tacos are only $2. Would definitely recommend this!!
The burger here is one of the best I have had.... worth the twenty bucks. It can be loud and busy but food is great!
This place was okay. The food wasn't anything crazy but the ice cream was delicious! Definetly come here for ice cream and coffee but go elsewhere for lunch.
Go. Cool, hip, all that. Loud enough, quite enough. Good service, very good food. You'll like yourself for being there.
Amazingly fresh and delicious sushi rolls. The rock shrimp rivals anyone's. great service
Bison burger was outstanding.  I added the habanero mayo and back bacon.  Great atmosphere.  Finished with a shake.
I had an amazing experience with my best friend while getting pedi's here. It is close to the house and everyone was very friendly. I will return.
Amazing staff, love the services and wellness options, my favorite is the Hydration Facial
This place is great! I got a full set of acrylics, Michelle did a wonderful job with them and they have lasted and held up very well!!
Got a Groupon and checked the place out. Nothing spectacular, but solid Americanized south of the border grub in a very nice, homey atmosphere.  Not bad at all.
Nothing special. Delicious and filling but at the end of the day it is eggs so you can't expect a miracle.
Excellent service from Sonia
The wood picture of the pigs is so crooked it drives me insane. But I'm also obsessed with ncounter. But plz fix.
Drive 25 miles to get the best, Chicago-like bagels in the valley. Not puffy or doughy.\nFill my freezer on Wednesday. Buy 12, get 6 free! Such a deal!
Had a great conversation with Evan while waiting for the service there. Will shop for the next car with you!
I would never imagine a dine-out could turn into a torment. But I experienced it at Wilder Thaiger. Mind the skinny young Asian waitress.
We have been taking our 2 yr old wheaten there for grooming since we got him. We love our groomer Hillary! She knows our dog and he knows
Really good and unique burgers for the area.  Surprisingly to me the buffalo chicken bites were awesome as well.  Beer selection is solid and priced appropriately.
My plate had hair on it. My omelette was greasy and weird textured and the cheese inside was not melted. I just don't get the good reviews. Bleh.
The staff is very pleasant, friendly and good at what they do. My two little dogs responded well to them and weren't afraid. I will definitely be back!
Totally agree! This guy is amazing with shoes and very reasonably priced.
Dry cleaning is always done well on ready at the time promised.  Always friendly staff.  The also do great alterations and repairs.
Called with a request, received a timely reply as indicated. The completed job was excellent. I would definitely recommend this company for any carpet cleaning requirements.
Really good food at the given price. If you're looking for cheap, good Mexican, this is the place to go to. Will definitely go back.
Love it...best selection of wigs... staff is very helpful and polite. And priced just right..my wig store from now on!!
I've had better tacos.. margaritas did not seem to have a whole lot of tequila in them... just average Mexican.
Amazing selection, great advice from awesome staff, and amazing attention to customer needs. Trifecta of disc golf for new and seasoned disc golfers.
Not good food. Was served cold, The service was bad too.
Food OK. Service not good at all. Brought my work team here and food came out at different times or not at all.
Last time I tried bubble tea, and it was disgusting. All the cakes are delicious, and staff is friendly!!
Great Ramen! Huge portions, quality ingredients, amazing flavorful broth. A frequent take out for us to enjoy at home. Enjoy!
Authentic Mexican food. Def recommend the nachos, shrimp in cheese sauce, fish tacos, and churros. Will be back to try more.
Great place! Fresh sashimi. I would highly recommend. It takes some effort to find though. Address is actually 150 S 6th.
Special occasion place for me due to high prices. Joe Beef is better
They had me a job with in a month and got employed by the company. They work with your schedule and are very friendly
Good for fast food Mexican food, better then Taco Bell that's for sure. Fast friendly service. Not bad if I'm hurry and craving Mexican.
Horrible service from Bobby.  Months of headaches.  Not worth it.
small pho with TWO slices of beef, how does that even leave the kitchen and to a customers table\n\n1\/5 stars
Great lunch today!  I had the Tamago burger.  It was so yummy and the patty was actually a bit crispy!  I am coming back for sure!
Fabulous service and awesome food.\n\nWe had the Italian wedding soup, the fried sampler plate, and the carbonera.
Great estate sale as always!!  Bobbi is always friendly and smiling!! Can't wait till the next one!!
Good brats at a reasonable price, however, I'd get the cheese curds elsewhere. Good beer selection.
I got a quote for a location in cleveland, but there weren't any cars available? !?!?  so I wound up taking another more expensive taxi service.
Outstanding meal from appetizers to main course.  Ryan was a rock solid server\/manager. One of the best we've had.
Super cute salon.. inside and out! And very friendly stylists. Love my golden locks!! Shayla is the issshhh! Thx gal!
We had an amazing meal here. Appetizers, fruit drinks and dessert. Everything was wonderful.
Always excellent service. Jin takes very good care of our dog. She's very polite and always happy. Super accommodating towards our busy schedule.
Wasn't a bad spot. nice outside patio. nice staff, food was ok. I'd go back with another coupon. They have this delicious tea.
Good, quick place to eat in Happy Valley. I ordered the chicken kabob plate. Overall, the meal was good.
I don't think I will ever try another Chinese food place as long as I live in Arizona everything was delicious
Great food great beers. Service is hit or miss at times. Has improved tremendously since the first week they opened. The patio is impressive and big.
A little pricey for what you get....  Food was good, but nothing special that constitutes the inflated prices.
Kind and caring. Dr. Widday is simply the best. She is direct and delivers her news with such warmth. Best Vet we've ever worked with.
Yaz was amazing! Such a great server. Very knowledgable and attentive. I love this place!!!
Good was perfect,the service was not. They closed an hour earlier than they were supposed to,so they were rushing out customers to close.
Friendly bar..great Irish whiskey with a generous pour.  Right in the heart of downtown.    Loved it!
best place for vegas east side locals! seriously..bartenders are top notch. never disappoint!
Nothing in Vegas is cheap anymore.  But for good dim sum this is the place.  It is clean and service is decent.
Excellent food & service!!\nDisappointed that the $27 pasta dish had only 3 shrimp in it. Everything else was amazing!
Tried the crab and okra with caujan sauce, the food was tasteless... they should simmer the food in the sauce before cooking and give it more flavour
Tons of draft beers leaning towards American microbrews. Good deep fried mushrooms. Dani at the bar is very friendly & efficient. Good stop.
Thanks Cindy and Nancy for making our first mom and daughter nail experience so pleasant. We love our nails.
Great place for a quick bite before heading to the airport. Service was great and food was good.
OMG! Love the sweet cream pancakes! Can get pretty packed and wouldn't recommend all the dishes but the pancakes are a must have!
Was taken care of as soon as I walked in. My technician was thorough and did a beautiful job!. Will be back again.
Best breakfast burritos around!! Make sure to order extra egg because for some reason they scrimp on the eggs.   Love Los Favs!!
I'm eating while writing this review. I could not wait!\nAll I can say is the sandwiches here are the best I've ever had :)
I'm so happy with the work they did on my fiberglass front bumper on my Jaguar. Looks as though it was never broke.
We bought ours from Groupon that's the way to go. Great people working their, lanes are good size. We always go atleast twice a month.
Average buffet in Vegas but I thought good for the price. The breakfast for $17.99 is a good deal considering all the things available.
Love this place, great staff, amazing food and management is on point!!!! I'll be back...
I am all about the Dill Pickle POPPED, but five bucks is a bit dramatic. Nahmean?
Had great service from Destiny she always checked on us and the food was delicious! Definitely coming again soon.
很不錯的港式茶餐廳選擇建立肉 + 通心粉或麵條碗湯。它是食物的一噸，真的很好吃。價格是簡直令人歎為觀止。這確實是一個 $ 地方後稅和小費。
Mike akA \"Mickie\" is so personal & delighted to have had him at my service. What great service I have experienced. Definitely coming back. Love the living room.
Muy mal trato por parte de el dueño de esta pastelería el señor es grosero ,nunca volveré a comprar ahi
Very delicious brunch.  Great drinks.  Super chic decor.
Tried it in Miami and it did not fail! Get the blackberry lemonade and the fried chicken!
They're super busy. Didn't spend much time on you even tho you paid 170 $for a perm..
Been coming here for over a year now. Dr Clark is amazing.  Neck and back adjustments.
Super service at the bar. Immediate service to an older single woman. Unusual. Lots of exciting things on the menu. Great selection of beers on tap.
Cool looking place prices are good..very nice place will definalty have to go back again.
Lunch there today. Had the brat and tots.  Very good, but left a little hungry.   Expect to pay $10 for a dog, side and drink.
Nice place, food tasty but not served hot and slow service even though not crowded. But way better then service at Bedford location. Will try again.
I also found Jere on Group on, she was wonderful! Great highlights and an awesome cut and was fun to chat with.
Food was Okay, not impressed. No sauces or chiles! The menu does not indicate if they use lard since they claim to be authentic.
The service was really slow and even the food was okayish. It wasn't busy so this totally not acceptable.
Very professional and fast.  Quality work and great customer service. Ken really knows plumbing.
They have helped me numerous times. Each time was wonderful!!! Very professional and courteous!
Quality haircut!!  Great service and professionalism by Edgar. Best hair cut in town!
Staff has always been nice to me and always get treated properly. This is the place to go when your doctor is booked and you need care right away!
Our group ordered the Trash Can Brisket Nachos, the motley que, cajun sandwich, a burger and the big dipper. Everything tasted fine, but nothing special.
Fuck me the steak is good.  Got mediocre service probably because we were dressed down but food was on point.
Sally was great she was prompt and attentive. Food was amazing. Drinks we're on point a little costly but worth every penny.
We received amazing service again. The food was cooked just right. Our waitress Shambray was great!. Thank you.
Incredible meal on 3\/5\/16. Cilantro pasta with lamb was amazing. Pho with gnocchi and lamb meatballs was equally great.
While the food and decor were great, it definitely wasn't worth the price. Staff was not too friendly or helpful. There are better places for Japanese fusion in Montreal
Ninja bowl was delicious, basically teriyaki chicken over rice. Nice waitstaff. Would go back any day. Love it.
Amazing food! Great service, friendly staff. Located right behind In n Out and not easily seen. Best Mexican food in Vegas.
Great taco shop! Small seating but cute and clean. Fresh corn tortillas are amazing and there's a nice salsa bar too.
Muji is great for the type of person that loves to organize every part of their life. Also the place for coloured pen lovers!
Authentic egyptian hookah experience.. comfortable couches and atmosphere... Best hookah lounge in Tempe!
Great if you need coffee on the north end of the strip!
Always a good time. Great food and very friendly staff! Doesn't deserve 2.5 stars, if you're looking for some wholesome food it's always the right choice!
Two things:\n1.) $1 Burger Night on Tuesdays.\n2.) $1.25 Beer Night (domestic draft) on Wednesdays.\n\nP.S. Decent service, good bar food, nice draft selection, bad martinis.  That's about it.
Great place to eat - they have a wide variety of all types of food and everyone can find something they like!  I will definitely go back.
Fun but huge wait. We waited 3 hours on a weeknight. Wish there was a better way to avoid this.
Great variety of fresh baked goods including rolls, cakes, almond croissants etc. Reasonable prices!
Fantastic lunch with avocado tacos and the pepper crusted steak salad. Service was great and we sat on a great patio.
This place ROCKS! Outdoor shopping, with great food places & great shops. When it gets 100* and higher, the outdoor misters turn on. Highly Recommend!
Great customer service. Very clean. Fast service.  Helpful. Let us bring in our own hookah was very polite about it. really like this place good food too.
Great food, healthy and very friendly service. Humus was great, as were tangine with lamb and chicken. Portions were large, two people could split one if not too hungry.
Order delivery the fry rice ok chicken ball fresh taste good. Chillie chicken no thanks need more spice
I was back here again for another visit and can say the service was still phenomenal! Thank you again ladies and gents as you will make yet another
Mexican Rolls tasty small place parking can be a challenge but defiantly worth finding a place to try this place....FRESH!
Best in vegas!!! The real thing!! Excellent sandwitches!!!! The best!!! The pastrami is REAL!!!!! Its worth every cent!!!!
Really like coming here.  The tea is fantastic and everyone that works here always has a smile on their face.  Thank you!
Great jazz band and friendly staff. A bit overpriced. The location and atmosphere were great. The food was good!
All items well up to par. The honey toast is over the top. I will definitely be back.
High PRICES i only wanted a SODA! fast cashier by the name of EDDY though
Pharmacy is great but it STOPS there! Cashier is slow always a line up only 1 every time I have been in. Customer service at it worst
The staff were helpful and the shirts were done 3 days earlier than promised.  The shirts turn out wonderfully.  Great job.
Nice, fun place. The portions are small but are tastefully decorated and are delicious. The service was quick and the servers were very courteous
Basically the best Italian in town for the price.  The service is USUALLY excellent.  Food is consistently good.  The atmosphere is Liberace cheesy but it's part of the charm.
Dog friendly! Great brunch! Awesome staff! A definite go-to for a all around great experience! Ask for Kim for your server!
Few places can match delfalcos, only down side is they can get backedup. We have not gotten any sub par food after many visits.
Thursday lunch tacos for $1.50 and up. Friendly staff and atmosphere. Great place to relax after the gym.
Total waste of money. The selection is an absoloute joke, especially for a Vegas buffet. On top of that the food is not good! Think hospital cafeteria food...so disappointed.
Just check out these baby's!! Chrome nail polish plus matte design the staff did a great job!!
Good chinese style food with decent prices, like the ambience and proximity to metro so you can easily get there. Overall a good place to munch
25 people in line. One register for checkout. Unacceptable. If I could give 0 stars I would.
Fast and friendly service! Very pleasant environment, and local art- what's not to love?
Great sandwiches, staff was nice. Good place to get some good food. Buffalo chicken sandwich is fire
The spicy basil fried rice and panang curry are out of this world!!! \nDefinitely try this place
Best raw\/vegan restaurant I have eaten at. I visit often when in the Charlotte area. Have not been disappointed by anything ordered and service is fast.
This places options are SUPER limited...it's over priced  by far!!!! $35 bucks and there were not many options for me. Will not come back!
Food quality has deteriorated. Bought a small jerk chicken dinner and ended up with food poisoning. I suspect the rice and peas was stale and reheated.
love this place!!! love the fuel perks!
Okay so the food is amazing right off the bat also the servers are amazing Emily and her mom in particular make this place a 6 star!!!
So bad I don't even know where to start.  Read all the other reviews and you'll get the idea.
Food is good but customer service is never great. It's like they forget about you. It's almost like they forget about their tables.
Very nice place, Ate on outdoor patio. Shared a bottle of really good Riesling wine. All the food we had was very good.
My best friend works here so if your in the area and need a hair cut go see jay
Excellent spot for a cheap delicious lunch! $6 for a main dish and soup or spring roll.\nTry the: curry, chili or manchurian chicken.\nNice clean restaurant and helpful friendly service.
Best Pad Thai you will ever have! My most Favorite place to eat!!!  I like the chicken option with Medium heat.
Delicious! So flavorful and fresh, it didn't even matter that there wasn't seating. Will definitely be going back and keeping an eye out for the food truck.
Excellent service and the staff was super friendly. Dominique has helped us a lot and welcomed us with a friendly smile. Fun to talk to.
Best 4AM pizza and poutine I've had in a long time! Great after-clubbing atmosphere, and the staff keep it together. Would definitely return.
Great vibe! Great food! We will visit again, especially for that buffalo cauliflower!
Great bread.  Best in the burg!  The rolls are also fabulous, a must for hot sausage sandwiches.
LOVE this Eye Glass Boutique!\nOwners Dan & Ouida are awesome people! \nGOOD Customer Service is alive & well here! \nSassy Glasses has a customer for life in me!
Finally had the pleasure of trying Kaya! Food was wonderful! Staff were all very nice! Portions were large for the price! Great little place with great flavor!
Great Filipino market. Staff are friendly, great products as well as to go food. Most importantly it's close to my house. Highly recommend.
Delicious Pineapple bun for 60c? Yes please! Definitely would recommend and will be returning frequently.
Best biryani I have had in Cleveland.  I have had A LOT of biryani in my life (Hyderbad, Doha, etc).  Service is wonderful.
Great quality fish \n\nI just wish they would get more types of expensive exotic fish \n\nGreat place
The square pizza is by far my favorite. The perfect crust with extra cheese and sauce. Will order again!
Unsanitary. Unprofessional. Cold food. Five piece chicken missing two pieces. Shrimp and fish meal missing the fish and the shrimp was cold. Mash potatoes were cold. Worst Popeyes ever.
Love this place!  The owner is so incredibly friendly and his tacos are always amazing... 5 stars all day!
Such a great experience!  Our server Ken made us feel like experts and calmed our nerves upon our first visit.  Would definitely recommend!
We have had great services with this shop and will continue to give kudos to Brian for all he's done to help us stay safe on the roads.
Always great! Big Kahuna! Cold cut sandwiches are always top shelf! Go eat and enjoy!
Great concept!  Review the menu before you go to make ordering a bit easier. The staff is super helpful  if you don't know what you want.
Best food ever. Amazing tacos and street corn. All vegan and vegetarian, plus they'll try to accommodate you to make anything vegan. A+
It's always a safe bet at Olive Gardens. Usually good food with great service. So far they haven't disappointed.
Windy City Fries with Cheddar and Mozzarella cheese, Carne Asada - Amazing!\nBurrito huge! Very friendly staff, quick and Fresh!
We really liked this place!!! Food was good and workers her are very nice!! Will come back soon!!!
Fun bar ....BIG menu of martinis but it drives me completely bonkers that I get zero cell phone signals!
The bomb. Especially their fries. Drinks are great too. Mac and cheese was alright. Open bar seating which is cool, we got sat right away on a Saturday night
Tom Ryan's is a good time and great service.   Have pool tables and lots of dart boards.
Very helpful, nice store, got free samples and advice, recommended me to a great brand of food. Definitely going back!
incredibly friendly staffs, great gift items \nabsolutely love this store !
Consistently delicious food, excellent service and very friendly wait staff! I love the yellow curry and the chicken satay is always very good!
Super professional and quick! I got my nose pierced here a few years ago and recently got my daith piercings here! I would recommend them to others for sure!
Great bowls! Super fresh and also really inexpensive compared to other poké joints!  I'll eat  here anytime I'm in the area!
best corn shower ever. the flavor profile was phenomenal and each spoonful just kept getting better and better. I could eat this by the gallon!!
Nice friendly staff, Arian helped me at this location he took his time to explain all the options and plans at my disposal.
My hair extensions are amazing!! Connie was extremely helpful and did a wonderful job, even accommodated me on short notice. Just amazing, highly recommend!!
The quantities are huge!   Wow.  And, the food is great.  And the prices are reasonable.  And great service.  I don't think I could ask for more!
I have used Dr Morley for 3 years. He has exceptional price plans and no ripoffs.
Malasadas are to die for! My favourite is the cheesecake filled ones. So onolicious!
Excellent service!! Delicious sushi and I like the new specials, very affordable. I'll definitely be crack!!
终于系scarborough开左分店，比起总店相对细间d。布置比较简约，因为蛋糕款唔多，比较清静。店内主要做外带为主，所以客座唔多。试左情人节限定的白朱古力芝士蛋糕，芝士浓郁香滑，同蛋糕面的白朱古力碎好夹，唔会好甜，几滋味。
I love this bike shop!!\nThe people were super nice and very helpful!!\nGreat selection, love it!!!
Food was delicious, drinks amazing! Ate every last morsel on my plate.  Really cool building and architecture
Fun. Sexy. Wild. Expensive. Best time I've had in vegas in a loooong time!! :)
Great food and great service!!! Ask to sit in Colleen's section. She made great recommendations and the service was second to none! Try the lobster stuffed avocado!!!
Drinks were so good, limon chingon, margaritas, Bloody Mary and the tacos ! Guacamole was Delish also
This is like homecooked food. Like real homemade food. It's delicious. Black owned, black food. They do catering too.
My kids loved it here.alot closer to home then other trampoline places...liked that it's big my kids can't wait to go back !!!!
Reasonable prices for really good food.  Had the short rib for dinner.  Very friendly staff.
The cheese fondu was delectable.    First time trying Nguyen cheese fondue with tomato and garlic.   The chocolate fondue sides were very tasty.
Really good experience. Chips were really good. Large draft was only $6. Mahi mahi tacos were good. Only issue was there black beans side.
The best place I ate it in vegas, easily. The service and food was ridiculous. The breakfast potatoes were unlike anything I have ever have. pomegranate mimosa....umm yeah!
A friend recommended this doctor, 15 mins on hold before I hung up. Couldn't even make an appointment.
Very good vegetarian food, although I'm not a huge fan of their fake processed meat products. I do like their bowls. Nice, casual ambience.
Amazing place. Great atmosphere and service.  The bacon wrapped dates were fabulous.  Highly recommend this place!!
Only the best pizza. The gourmet veggie and buffalo chicken is my favorite. Dont forget the cheesy garlic bread.
Amazing deal for $10. Great friendly environment and the dessert is all fresh and homemade.  I will definitely be returning soon!
I didn't have much of a view from my room on the club level.  However, the facility was clean and quiet.
Food was excellent, service was great, our server Cameron was super attentive. Great place, great food, great service
Rolls are ok, nothing really special. Good service and selection. One gripe, plastic chop sticks. Charge a couple cents more and use wood sticks.
Love this store when ever I need to just pick up an item  I don't need to wait a long time customer service is great in that department.
I have been coming to Brookstone for many years and I absolutely love them! Thank you Dr.Goldring and his wonderful staff. Great people!
Marissa has been cutting my hair the last 3 times, I'm hoping she stays around as I have never been happier. MVP is the only way to go.
Great burgers. Expensive beer. Extra star for playing Miley's \"I adore you\" while I'm out with my husbear
This place was excellent!  My four children kept super busy for 6 hours on all the interactive exhibits.  A must see especially on a rainy day!
Good Gumbo. Good deal on clams. Love the sauteed alligator. Good happy hours
Free wi-fi, great scones, fantastic ambiance and good coffee. (It's a wine bar as well, but I didn't get to partake in that aspect on this visit.)
Meh. Prices keep going up. The product is fine. But there are definitely better bakeries.
This is a chain, so don't expect somthing fresh, flavorful or in any way unique or exotic.\n\nThat said, I like their Buffalo chicken burgers.
A great place for breakfast or lunch. The corn beef hash is great!
This is the best coffee joint in Toronto hands down.
Great gem in the area. There is no sushi places where you can buy a dinner for under $20 near the beaches. Fresh and great salad dressing
Nice employees, very quick service. Great for a late night meal. Staff are friendly and sometimes tell jokes while you wait
The most creative sushi rolls you will find almost anywhere. Although Korean owned, this is my favorite sushi spot in Arizona. Try the Marilyn Monroe roll, unstoppable.
Ok. The food is quite good. Better than average even. But their bloody marys actually get that flavor trumps hot.
Great staff, great food, great happy hours, great shooters... Pool and darts. One of my favorite spots
One of my favorite Thai restaurants in town. If you have a chance, visit during lunch. Their specials are extremely reasonable and delicious!
Terrible.  It doesn't work and I can't get customer support after spending $600.  How is this company still open?
Great, Great, Great  love the ham and swiss... when they have it the meatball sandwich is awesome...
The food is alright for the price.... The service is very slow.. try their beef, cuz their chicken is too dried.
Dirty menu, dirty table top, dirty spoon, dirty knife, dirty walls.\nYummy langostino bisque. \nExpensive salad.
I just moved here from Chicago. Lord help me. Friendly but slow, inaccurate service and lukewarm, inauthentic \"Mexican\" cuisine. First and last time.
you should def stop here at least one night when you're in Vegas before you go out- sooo much food and the garlic bread is delicious and also......Bottomless Wine.
Great service. Mohammad Imran helped me find new furniture pieces at a great price. Will definitely return here for more furniture!
Had to try this top rated vegas foodie haven.  Wow it did not disappoint.  Chicken and waffles were unbelievable.
Cody is such a joy to converse with regarding my vehicle! He greets me by my first name, and with the biggest Smile ever! LaRhonda
Loved this place! Had green curry with shrimp, and chicken pad thai. Both excellent. Had 2 spice level on 1-4 scale and that was plenty spicy.
Delicious Sushi!!! First time here will be back!! Excellent people and great service!!! #BOOM
Worst goodwill In south Charlotte!!!  Store is smaller than most. Trashy....always a mess. Employees have nonchalant attitude.
It was pretty good. We would order again. I'm from Jersey and I haven't had a 5 star pizza in town yet. Friendly and punctual.
This place was below average. Specializing in breakfast, I'd think it would have been better. Denny's is a better alternative.
I Thank-you Rob, Sabrina and your great Staff for the service you offer, without you the compound medication would not be available readily and cost effective. Thank- you!
Terrible customer service.  Drove 15 minutes after ordering pick up to be told they \"discontinued\" their roast beef.  Not only is that not true, but you could have called!!!
非常的精彩，歌曲舞蹈都非常好看。舞台的布景很梦幻，演员的衣服也是闪亮无比。当跳踢踏舞的时候，观众能感到震动，有船穿过时，也有风吹过的感觉。很喜欢这场秀，演员很敬业。对于很多男士很在意的上身真空。我觉得很适当不色情。漂亮的表演，我眼睛都要看花了^^
I like this place, it's clean, friendly, tasty. I've never heard the servers tell me \"No, we don't do that\". Favorite lunch spot.
I had what the store person recommended, grass jelly milk bubble tea.  It was great.  It took me awhile to finish it, it started to taste greasy.
Great beer. Great atmosphere. The food is amazing. Burgers, headwiches, salads, wings, shrooms. Patio is a great place to enjoy in the warner weather.
v
Friendly staff, nice patio (except for smokers), decent beer and great street tacos. Hip clientele of all ages, good for people watching.
Delicious!  Might put a small dent in your wallet, but if your in las Vegas your not going to mind too much!  Ask for cheese!
I love this place because I'm always drunk when I'm here, the chili cheese dogs are da bomb and gin n tonics are 2 for 1! Yeah Vegas!
I have only had the white with artichokes (and once with the kalamata olives) but it is delicious. No nonsense service, can order online which is always nice.
This buffets food had SOOOO much flavor!!! We arrived for brunch and were surprised by all the food choices. This buffet is a must try.
I have been going to Linda for almost a year. She is amazing at lashes & massages especially for a reasonable price!
Don't waste your time. Go to urgent care clinic. They won't respond despite numerous phone calls, a voice message, and numerous text messages.
Very friendly and nice. Easy to work with, reasonably priced and accommodating. Helped with cleaning out a dry vent and worked quickly but thoroughly as well.
Great puzzles, awesome fun! Staff is friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend this locally owned establishment to anyone!
Clean gym! I love coming here specially because they have a women's gym, I get my privacy!
Our go-to place for take out dinner. Food is excellent, owners are very nice. Happy to support a long time local business and also have a great meal!
Great gamily ran establishment. Home girl on the grill made the best Philly cheesesteak I've ever had.
Two of my favorite items are on the buffet today- samosas and mutter paneer! They also make an excellent carrot halwa!
Ordered the fish street tacos today. Made to order fresh. Very tasty. A variety of salsas and toppings available.  I will be going back for more.
Best Korean fried chicken in GTA. Period. (If you've had better kindly pm me please). Oddly enough this place is nit busy at all. Love it
Looking for some good Italian and this place is a home run!  Loved the sweet potato cannelloni. Kale salad was delicious.
The manager was nice enough to plug my phone into the ceiling because it was dead... He even climed atop the chairs to do so.
Jasmine was fabulous! Made the experience of finding a dress fun and easy. Excellent and cute shop!
Super friendly and great selection of everything but produce!! Deli and bakery had a great selection and the A.M. vegan burrito blew my mind!
Nice club. I wish they had more tables and sittings outside.
We went there for 2 hours' waiting for a meal. And it is super expensive!! The host's attitude was super bad!
Nice place , plenty of games to keep you busy while you have your drinks,watch TV or have some food,all in all a fun place.
Super tasty! Would definitely recommend and go back again! Would not even know it was vegan :)
Very nice place, but the food is just ok. We had a chicken bowl and it was way too salty and way to much sauce. Won't be coming back.
Pizza was great and was delivered 24 minutes after ordering on the EAT app!!! We will definitely be ordering from there again!
Great last minute appointment.  Looking a little pale from the winter in New York.  Thanks for making it look real.
Food was great. Naan was not as flavorful as I remembered, and it was burnt. They gave me another but that was just less burnt...
Food is delicious. Really love the Jambalaya. Owner is super cool too. He came by and spoke with us several times. Very personable!
I love this place! They have a gluten free menu which is great for those allergic, super convenient. I eat here all the time!
This place is so disgusting and it smells like dirty feet. It's sad and depressing compared to the rest of the mall
It is just so good and affordable, really nice staff and the food comes in a big plate so delicious,the music everything is just perfect! Thanks
Holy cow this food was amazing and the staff are awesome made me food even though they was closed best cheesesteak ever
Came for breakfast.  Lots of parking. Place was very clean.  Service great.  Lots of options  for breakfast with bagels.
Love this place! Pleasant service and a very wide selection of tasty donuts. Cosmic brownie and lemon pie are amazing!
Prompt, courteous, and economical.  They will drop you at your carrier and pick you up.  Highly recommended.
Extremely delicious dishes served in decent sized portions. Owner is very nice too. Must try!!
I love this place. Scott is amazing ! He fixed my hair from being a complete mess with multiple colors to a beautiful highlighted blond. Love you Scott!
Great service. Highly recommend the olive oil specialty pizza. Always good & so are the salads.
The service gets worse and worse every time, 3rd strike for this location. So bad we left after waiting 15 minutes for anyone to even greet us. NEVER again!
Common grass areas covered in copious amounts of animal feces.  Loud trucks continually rolling through the property
Just the average standard. I had the Korean Beef Tacos. It's okay but nothing special. Good place to hang out or relax after work.
First time here and I can honestly say it was very good! I will no doubt come back friendly staff and GREAT Pizza!
The smell was pretty radical right when we hit the door. the pizza was undercooked. it was more like a bunch of indians cooking I talian.
This place is great! All the techs are always so nice & it's more upscale than most I've frequented.  Angela does am AMAZING job each & every time!
Beautiful environment, clean, polite & efficient service, delicious food, aweskme crystal dragon. Tom yum on point
Pierce and his team did a great job. They were quick, thorough, and very neat. Cost was reasonable, and accurate to the estimate. What more could you ask for?
Lady giving salsa rude. Queso dip gross. Chips way too salty. Rice bland. Tortilla soup bland. Overall bad experience although our waiter was nice and attentive.
Today, I did a delivery with Ubereats grocery. Walmart.com\/grocery\nIt was my first delivery at this Walmart.
The food was not good and is too expensive. The bar is too loud and the lighting was horrible. I would not go there again.
Service is excellent, and the menu is creative and fun.  Prices are reasonable, and the food is healthy and delicious.  What more could one ask for??
Best sushi experience in Toronto. If you love sushi you must try it out ! Everything is so fresh and tasty. I suggest pairing it with sake
Awesome pumpkin patch for a fun family outing I highly recommend checking it out our family had a awesome time kids love it!!!!!
Amazing team!   Great hair by Demi and Anthony .  I would Highly recommend for great color and cut...
Awesome place for date night! Especially if you're going to a movie because AMC is right across the street. Great beers, good prices, great service.
ALWAYS fantastic! Get the tato teasers with ranch. Plus you can combine milkshake flavors!
Best fish and chips I have had in a very long time. Huge thick pieces of halibut. Quick and friendly service. Food is made fresh. EAT HERE!!
Hair product shopping good but pricey and sales are not that great - hair styling - not ever again.
Great find.  Little Italian deli and marketplace.  Food was great. Huge portions.  Ingredients are fresh.  10\/10 would recommend.  Sandwiches, Calzones, deserts
Staff is so kind and friendly, pizza is amazing. Definitely in the top 5 pizza best places in AZ.
Great food. Great service. Great location and good vibes. Bring your dogs for the outdoor patio!
This restaurant is closed.  Landlord changed the locks on the building and signs posted on every door.  Obviously they weren't paying their rent.
professional atmosphere, great customer service, Love my nails. I strongly recommend this place
Not family friendly.  Performer is overly fond of the word \"sh**, and its variations.\nPerformance centered on 2 overdrawn routines.\nThere are much better shows of this sort in Vegas.
The people at this location are really nice, and the smoothies are always really good!
Not what I hoped it would be. Dry meat and less flavourful then I had imagined. Had the pulled pork burrito with noodles. 5\/10
Call girl mixed with coco loco is delicious at evening call!
I had high expectations for this place and ordered Basil Chicken spicy level a 4. Not good
I love this place and it was a suggestion from one of my employees. I like the local Chinese dishes like the spicy chicken, dumplings, vegetables. I recommend it.
Would definitely return here. Excellent customer service and very tasty\/filling food. Recommend this to people who are in the area.
Had a superb cup of coffee and a chocolate croissant this morning. Best coffee I've had so far in Toronto, and the vibe is really nice.
The Chicago dog was pretty good. A lot of toppings that fell out all over the place... but very tasty. Nice fresh fries. I will be back.
Great food and service here, like the crawfish so much! Never miss the delicious food here!
Our family loves this place. We go here for most of our family events and order the PuPu Platter. The kids love to put everything over the flame!
Lots of open tables yet long delay to be seated. Service was very slow. Food average.
New clean location, little hard to see with the small sign so LOOK as you are driving. Fun as always!
Very upset about this place, ordered the steamed live whole fish and the fish is not even fresh at all. Bad experience
go somewhere else. worst customer service ever experienced. \n\nthe few dollars saved are not worth the headaches.
Love the Dali with a tomato basil wrap!!! Plus the cookie is divine!
It just seemed like a second-rate thrift store with a nice sign, honestly. Couldn't find many cool clothes, no electronics of interest whatsoever. Prices were reasonable, staff were friendly.
Loved the stuffed flounder.  Nice atmosphere and friendly staff.  We will definitely be back.
Great customer service and AWSOME TACOSSS!!! I'm telling you guys now !!! I will be back for more lol
Scarlett is great! I got a horrible pixie cut from another salon, and she managed to save it when most of my hair was already chopped off.
Service was good  and the ribs were very tender fall off the bone. \nThey have all you can eat on Tuesday's. I might have to come back.
Very professional and kind. I would definitely  recommend  their facility for physical therapy
Excellent service but the food quality is poor and over priced. Today featured the Quinoa Salad w\/ salmon at $14.71. What are your thoughts regarding the photo?
Best time the kids had in Vegas.  The staff was super friendly and very attentive.  The food was amazing.  A must stop when in Vegas.
Love how the students are given the opportunity to play songs with others in a group.  So great for confidence!
The bartenders are some of the most bitchy girls there are. But go on Monday for two for one burgers if you can handle the rude people working.
Its a really good place to eat korean food. Its more like American style. But the price it's fair and should come next time.
Jake Beckwith at West Coast Tattoo Parlor is the best tattoo artist!!! Love all the work he has done on me!!! I highly recommend Jake.
Great food and old school Vegas charm. Great place to entertain out of town guest this place is always on my wow factor list.Keep up the Awsome work.
Awsome, recommended for avengers fans. Make sure you buy discounted tickets . A lot of costumes. Especially iron man suit are awsome!
Love this place! Geat selection of cheeses and super knowledgeable. It's pricey, but completely worth it!
This place Is great! I had weight loss surgery 3yrs ago and pizza is not my friend. Try their possess crepe it's amazing!
Great meal, classy menu! Manager allowed my party to sit in back and watch the kitchen in action! Great wine and apps!
Hard to find its in a residential area in the north west good old fashioned las vegas steak house worth the trip from Henderson though.
Every employee in this shop is great !! I've been going here for years,  have visited other places , but always end up back here !!
They have the best customer service \nIn the SW area\nI will recommend this place to anyone \nMake sure you Aaliyah and kaylee \nThere are grate......
Joe's is officially on my rotation of favorite restaurants! \nThe vibe is cool. Music is fun. Staff is welcoming. Food is amazing. Great wine and cocktail list.
The Best Smoked meats and BBQ in the southwest. Hands down the best BBQ in the Phoenix area.
Already feeling better coming back two times a week. Very fast effective and reasonable price.
Magasin tout neuf\nUn super centre\nTrès bon éclairage\nBonne sélection de fruits et légumes. \nCaisses automatiques si vous avez 12 objets ou moins.
Great Place...So yummy\nRick was a amazing server \nJose was a Amazing Chef and kind.\nManagement team was great
BAD ASS!! Mike is so funny. Very kind and keeps you on your toes. Makes the experience great! Of course... extremely HANDSOME.
Overall it was pretty good the trashcan nachos weren't exactly as I expected but I think they are worth getting.
They made us very  comfortable even thought it was our first time.  No high pressure or expectations.  Had a lot of fun
I ate here tonight for the first time & I'm in love. This place is a hidden gem. The avocado sauce was sooooo good. Best taco Tuesday ever!
Best Mexican food in Phoenix! Wish they were open on Sunday's! Great hang over food too!
I love to have one subway just 2 blocks from home opened 24h... It's a good option for later night food.
Got the jerk chicken with rice and beans and steamed cabbage. Food was incredibly flavorful. Beef patties are on point. I will definitely return!
The staff here is fun and down to earth. Takes a little long for the food but overall a great time.
I've ordered the meatloaf dinner, smothered chicken meal and the grilled cheese with tomato soup in the past. All of the food has been really good.
Solid selection of tacos. Otherwise $2 for a 2 ounce portion of rice and beans? Pretty silly, but maybe that's old town.
Horrible service. Not enough dinner ware. Waited forever food and service. Prices are insane. Biggest gripe: Didn't even get my cocktail. Disappointment!
BEWARE!!!! These guys are rip off artists.  Bait and switch all the way.  Please please be careful.
Nichole knows what your hair needs! Perfect cut everytime.
I love this place! Fast service, great customer service and pleasant atmosphere . I got the gel manicure and it lasted 3 weeks! I'll definitely come back.
Best chicken chimichanga EVER. The tortillas are amazing...the burritos are delicious...don't even get me started on the salsa! Favorite mexican food place in the valley! Love!
Top.   Excellent service, food, varity and value!   Loved it!   Kid friendly yet w full bar.
Their sushi are very fresh and delicious!!!!! Price is on the higher end but the size of their roll is very large which makes it not expensive.
GREAT place to get your morning coffee and donut fix! Came here weekly when teaching at Mojave HS to get my donuts and coffee.
A delightful experience. Outside table on a lovely Saturday evening, great service by Brent, delicious salad - wine - entrees!\nWe will be back soon.
I'm writing this review months after my visit to Social House during CES convention.  We came with friends and were pretty impressed with the food.
this place is temporarily closed per the handwritten sign on the door. wish this was reflected on Yelp before going there!
I walked in and asked for an oil change and filter. They fit me in and got me out quickly. They were also very friendly.
Great customer service, great employees but got food poisoning from their food. Will never eat at a Boston market again.
First time getting my haircut here and it won't be the last time...
Excellent customer service. Had a small problem with headphone jack. They fixed for free in a few minutes. Will definitely come back.
For $36.99 holiday branch, the quality of the food is poor, the selection is limited. There is not even Sushi\/Sashimi.\nVery disappointed.
Great menu, great food QUALITY (not just quantity), great price, great customer service. There's really nothing else to say. This place is, hands down, a national treasure.
Horrible service, horrible recovery. After waiting to be greeted, we waited 40-minutes before we finally left. Will never come back again. Horrid.
The bbq is amazing but the multiple hours of waiting in line just to order makes this place not worth it.
Ai pris une baguette. Elle goûte ce qu'elle doit! Ai aussi pris deux pâtisseries: associations originales et de qualité. Peu de choix - heureusement - la qualité y est.
Clean, safe , fun  , family owned and operated , check it out!  I like the facility as a whole. Adults will even enjoy the laser tag.
Our server was most attentive and efficient! The atmosphere was cozy and the food was amazing!!
I am renting with them and they are the worst landlord I would never  recommend , units are very dirty and every year they increase the rent
TESTS ON ANIMALS. Used to shop here, liked the stuff but can't go there anymore because they test on animals. Wish they would change that!
The staff is nice, but slow. I have only eaten breakfast here. Nothing bad, nothing good. The food is bland and basic.
Good selection of flavors. I tried 5 and they were all standard commercial quality, nothing artisinal about it.
I went with my wife for breakfast and had the chilaquiles,they were off the chain!! Soo good authentic Mexican food,just like momma makes,and very affordable
One of my favorites stores.  I find many of my household needs.  Love the use of my coupons. Service is great. Fast and easy checkout.
Ok it's seriously good. That is all you need to know.  Small, one person cooking, worth the wait (usually isn't one).   We are regulars.
Lovely German style pub. \nSchnitzel is over the top \nExcellent food beer and value \nSelection of beer and liquors is over the top \nEuropean quality
These guys are awesome. Our fence looks like new. They did a great job. I highly recommend Steel Creations & Fabrications for all your fence needs.
Paradis des grosses assiettes sucrées , c'est à nous de doser notre consomation .. mon sandwich au thon tres bon aussi. Petite terrasse disponible et tres grand à l'interieur.
ABSOLUTE FAVORITE PLACE TO EAT!!! Definitely worth the $$. Lunch time the meals are same portion for half price so sometimes I end up doing that on weekends
Great middle eastern deli with several vegetarian choices.  Very inexpensive and extremely friends staff.  Baklava is a must.
We ordered pick up and it was a flawless experience. Easy order, fast, and most of all amazing food!
August, 2016 - This place has expanded and remodeled. For an airport coffee joint, it's really very good.
Delicious and Devin was particularly helpful and really just nice! Pleasure on our first visit ! We will be back!!!!
chicas is cool if you got a little dough...yea the bullies do show up....the dancers were always friendly....alot of locals go running there.....it's small but fun.....thumB Up...........
Favorite place on campus to see a performance! This place is decorated very nicely inside and they have great acoustics inside the auditorium.
Tasty burgers, smash fries are great! Staff at this location are friendly and efficient!
Decent Vegas buffet. Nice selction from different regions. No watery mashed potatoes at thia place. Shrimp was a little odd...but the lobster was tasty!
OMG the beef meatball was so incredibly delicious. I recommend the panini sandwich with beef meatballs and arrabiatta sauce.
Just showed up and it's closed. The posted hours are 24\/7 and they have multiple 24\/7 signs. Super annoying.
Really great food at very reasonable prices.  Had the diablo chicken which was outstanding. They even allow you to sample the dishes before you order.
Fresh made pasta , family owned !! Always fast delivery!!! I love everything on the menu!!! Even the veggie options
I'm a health nut and I love clean eating. This is food is delicious, healthy and satisfiying.
Superb, quality service every time. Goes beyond a massage into therapeutic benefit for any areas needed. Great to support #local as well!
Delicious Pizza! The guys were busy but managed to clean the tables as soon as I asked. Great service. I highly recommend this spot!
So good! And the staff was super knowledgeable about the tequilas! The carnitas tacos were tender and delicious and the guac was spicy and perfect!
Great service and amazing food.  Try the cheese selection, especially the cheese made in Vegas.  Simply the best!!!
Great family run joint\n\nFriendly service\n\nGreat food \nGreat price \n\nClassy Greasy spoon \n\nClientele are locals
Just a few more reviews and I should have my ribbon. Hopefully it comes with a prize
Never a disappointment. I have gone for dinner several times and have tried something different each time all of which were great.  Brunch was awesome too!
Great services ,must try there fried chicken sandwich , will come back again ,recommend this place.
No good news, no improvement, machines need service half of the treadmills are non functioning.  Company is going downhill and guess what nobody cares. Sad.
great sandwiches and good value.  Nice grocery store too for specialty Italian items.
New Yorker..... this place even smells right! I have never been disappointed! So happy to find my comfort food!
This place is amazing!!! Meatball sub, mozzarella and marinara... Add sweet pepper and onion... This rocks! Too bad they don't serve beer
Safelite done a professional including the rain sensor come with the windshield too. Plus lifetime warranty and a free bottle of windshield cleaner when you leave the shop.
Enjoyed both times I have been.  Great if you are looking for comfort type food.  Will definitely go back.
Diego is a lifesaver. Had me fitted and suited up the next day, just in time for trial despite my poor planning. Great selection of suits.
Saw The Hunger Games. The theater was a bit warm and the screen a but worn. Otherwise, it was fine.
You know you can't go wrong the the Keg. We got a table at the lounge and enjoyed some food and beverages.
The French French toast is SO good, and the sweet potato hash is fresh and delicious as well. Scramble has become one of our go-to breakfast joints.
Excellent food. Ambiance is that of a banker reataurant \/ bar, which is fine. Very good service.
Always love this place...
Excellent bakery. Friendly staff and cookies that taste like home made so much better than the grocery store bakeries.
Enjoyed having bruschetta for lunch and a cup of wine of course!  Couldn't have started the last Friday of the year on a better note.
Great experience! BJ and Emilio were friendly and knowledgeable. They didn't rip me off or encourage premature maintenance. I would go again.
Amazing customer service! They are always so kind and welcoming. Delicious food! Definitely recommend.
Slow service, dirty birds all over the patio and average food.\n\nThe fish special was $17 and a really small portion.
Toast is awesome!  I am not sure I can say more than the other 98 reviews, except that go early on the weekend, because it is packed!
My husband and I are both wellness members and absolutely love this Elements massage!!  Ylena is a miracle worker!  I feel more relaxed and rejuvenated after every visit!
Great vegan food and tremendous service.  Nice afternoon spent having lunch on the dog friendly patio. We will be back!
They got rid of the old Mason Jar smell!!!   The staff was all friendly, the sound guys were great, all around good experience.
Very nice good esp Sambusa and Shiro ... Good service too would love to visit many times again.
Very helpful and knowledgeable staff.  Delicious food. Had t bone it was great!  So much less $$$ than some other restaurants within walking distance. Enjoyed the decor as well.
One of my favorite places. Donuts are always good. And the real fruit smoothie is the best.. Mango
Reliable service .fair prices... mechanic to me in the majority of my friends and family
Nothing but great service from start to finish. The crew at the Happy Valley store never fail to go above and beyond.
Sunday Brunch is too crowded so I recommend here for weekday lunch.  Good food!
Great communication.  All my questions were answered.  He was right on time and the carpet looks like new.  Thanks Jacob!
Love this side of the Mandalay! All brand new beautiful suites. Loved our suite and all the new  decor. so clean and pretty.\nPool is great for kids!
Great patio and service. Highly recommend for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.
Nice and clean. Servers are very nice. Good atmosphere to kick back and enjoy a beer with friends.
I like happy hour and the buffalo chicken dip  brought some friends here too . We has fun also went to sit stay after and had more food
My husband & I stumbled upon this place. People working are nice games are pretty fun. The price for every game just a bit much.
Lol. Out of oranges at 9:26pm? Who does the inventory? Smells horrible and service is silly.
My server was fantastic!  Food great good server recommendations!  Highly recommend!  Lucian server!
Delicious sushi and fun atmosphere! Wait staff is also very friendly  Great place for a fun group of folks.
It is walking distance from the house. There is shade. The back 3 holes are very private.
Oh gosh is this good food, it gets packed quickly so get here early. Many others love this food
Great service, fresh ingredient! You won't get wrong to eat here! Wasabi Tuna is my favourite!!! Will come back for more!
Not very impressed at lunch today. Who dresses a salad with sugar water?
Had breakfast with a friend this week.  Fast, courteous, and good quality food.  What more could you ask for?
Delicious pizza. Clean restaurant. Great music.\nWill definitely be working this into my normal Pizza eating schedule.
They are currently remodeling.  Yay...finally they will get some natural light in there.  Food was as good as always...
Fernando is very personable & friendly.  Very reasonably priced & I'm happy with the final result.
Food was yummy. Waldorf chicken salad and California club pizza. Service was awesome. Natasha was an amazing waitress:) give her a raise!
Great Ahi Tuna Poke! This is our favorite pre-workout meal spot!  Very friendly and very casual.
Love the atmosphere. Great food and drinks. Bold flavors. I come for the drinks and food, you guys.
Awesome staff! So friendly, honest and good at what they do. They really do put the customer first. Will definitely be back
Be aware that eventhough they will advertise that their is no delivery fee, there is a PICK up fee.
Terrible service. Slow, un-educated, Rip off artists.
Awesome service and did a great job cleaning my rugs and tile. Patrick was awesome, did a great job and was very timely, quick, and thorough.
Tres bon poulet...prix abordables et assez bonne quantité. Un bon rapport...profitez pour manger votre plat au parc mont royal qui est a 3 min a pied
Love the stuff- wish it wasn't so darn expensive.\n\nThey also have a storytime for the kids.  I think that is neat.
What a surprise it was finding this place. Amazing tortillas made fresh as you order. Not often do I give five stars.
Friendly, quick service, and delicious food, I would recommend this restaurant to any body looking for good Korean BBQ.
Yup yup! Awesome place. Hot Tongue on rye and a side of chopped chkn liver is my fav!  I love this place!
They were busy but efficient and very helpful. It didn't matter what people were asking for they seemed to have the answers and a smile.
Thank You Maria\nYour Skin Care Service was outstanding. Look forward to seeing you again.\nClyde
Fingers, fries, wings, pizza? You name it they have it. We have them deliver pizza weekly to the office. Inexpensive enough to feed the whole office without sacrificing taste.
Fantastic service oriented company. Not only did I have one of my patio doors repaired, Maurice followed me to my parents house to repair theirs too. Would highly recommend.
The broth is fantastic. Noodles are always on point. Enormous portion of meat. And the most important point is that their quality is consistent. My favourite pho place!
This restaurant was my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale. I can't believe I never reviewed it when I lived in Arizona. Yum. I miss this place.
There is a wait even if you are seated immediately. Friendly crew and they will correct any mistakes if you had one from a previous appointment without hassle.
Enjoying this awesome Grey Tie Event, delicious yummy spinach & watermelon salad, Asian beef with jasmine rice, too good, having a great time!
Amazing cannoli's and great prices on food. Ordered the fettuccini alfredo which came with garlic toast and a house salad. Would definitely recommend this place!
Daniel J is literally the best!! Security team is blessed to have him. So calm, so collected, so amazing! Sad that we only interacted for like 1 min.
Great flavors, no skimping on the filling. Not as creamy as others I've had. People are really nice, helpful, flexible, and dedicated to their product and customers.
Nice rooms. Hotel is located in an industrial park.. absolutely zero ambiance.  Breakfast was decent with good service.
This is my favorite place to eat in Phx whenever I want a fast, healthy, delicious meal. The food is always fresh and the price is right!!
Great service and great prices!  Fast response time and very knowledgeable!  Highly recommend to anyone!
Very pleased with the pedicure I got, took her time and was very friendly, massage was amazing !!
Kristina does the best nails, and the right price. I love her holiday designs. The best
Very friendly staff!!.. and love the price too !!! Not many places charger 15.99 for smog !!.. very happy with the service !!.. thank you
Coolest donut shop in AZ! Lots to choose from, bring your sweet tooth. We usually do a half dozen for $10. The place is also very roomy & clean.
The cod had better flavor than the perch on the Friday fish fry. The Cole slaw was sweet and tangy and very good!
Your bagel is dressed up to perfection. Especially when still warm right out of the oven.  Great brunch place.
Lunch buffet. Everything is pork. No chicken.  Poor selection. For the same price, should have just gone to Buffet Vichy
I had Eva & she was great! Very nice & the shop is very clean! $8 for eyebrows?? That's amazing!! Definitely will be coming back!
GREAT PLACE! Bomb garlic knots! Great pizza! And fantastic service by my server, \"Sara\"! Definitely coming back soon!!!!!
Okay selection of toddler wear and somewhat slim on newborn clothes.  Prices are average, store lay out is good and easy to read large signs.
Don't forget to check out the Elvis museum. In the back they have a store where you can buy some nice shirts and coats for a reasonable price.
Best Malaysian food.... It's 98% like Malaysia... This is coming from a Malaysian....
This place is so much fun. I'd suggest going on a Sunday right when they open. The lines start picking up around 4 pm.
The strawberry fro-yo was the best I've ever had in a long time! I also loved the location.
The chicken Me Kong noodle is one of the best foods I've eaten in Pittsburgh.
Awesome service. ..helpful server. Love the atmosphere.  Celebrating husband birthday.
Great food and beer but more importantly the bartenders all have great personalities.  Cheralynn is the best entertainment in town!
Let's see, $40 for crab legs that aren't fresh.  I thought I was at Red Lobster.  Won't be going back.
Extremely friendly, well priced, and best of all very tasty! Will be even better when they get their liquor license and you can get Mexican beers here.
Great Tempe coffee shop! Beats Starbucks everyday. Better prices and the food is made fresh. The scones are really good! I just wish they had a drive thru
Great little Italian restaurant for pizza and pasta dishes. the service is awesome with friendly family taking care of you. Highly recommended.
I love my hair. Bella Mi Salon did a great job. I also enjoyed the friendly staff. Would totally recommend.
Last year I remembered it tasty and fresh! Just normal this year during rush hour at noon...:-(
Great place to stop for breakfast! The french toast were delicious and the drive-thru makes this a conveniant stop!
No doubt, best persian dessert place in toronto!\nThe ab havij with ice cream IS BOMBBBB
Got Thursday chicken special. what are they serving? look like crap. \n\nwe are done going here. \n\nThere is still nandos and popeyes
This place is the best mexican fast food there is. Move over Filibertos, Amados is the place to go.\n\nStaff is so nice, the food is outstanding!
Haven't stayed overnight here but the bar is awesome! Love the atmosphere.
The best & friendliest little market that you will find in Zona... And the sandwiches are uber delish!
3rd time to this salon and their services are great! Everyone is friendly and they have created a beautiful & relaxing environment!
The cucos restaurant THE BEST ! Great service \nVery welcoming, definitely coming BACK , best margaritas EVER , the manager Super nice ! I definitely recommended
Food is great had the turkey burger with avacado. Strong mimosa, Only thing that was aggravating was tall glasses with short straws.
I love this place! Always very welcoming and comforting as well. I am always seen very quickly by the doctors and they have been extremely helpful! Thank you!
way too long of a wait! if i have to spend half my sat to get a half-a$$ haircut something is wrong here. get appropriate staff levels...
Love this bar. The food is amazing and the karaoke is so much fun.  Super comfortable atmosphere and great clients. Would definitely recommend it to everyone.
Stopped to grab lunch one day. Happy I did. Had the Torta with Asada (favorite meal). So good and the price is right. Family owned and very authentic.
I don't leave reviews often but this place is worth it. Reminds me of a cool spot I would find in LA. 5 Stars aren't enough
Friendly office BUT make sure you have an appointment otherwise the wait is usually an hour atleast!
I would not go anywhere else. The people here know what they are doing. They are absolute experts!
Justin is very compassionate and patient. You can almost feel him earnestly wishing you to be better. Thanks Justin
My absolute favorite place! Wonderful scenery. Very comfortable fun atmosphere. Great customer service. The food is to die for!!!
They are amazing when it come to pizza you can't go wrong. They also have great lunch specials for around $5.99 to $8.99 and they are worth every penny.
Almost missed my flight because of their slow service. Horrible place. Will never EVER dine there.
Nice store ti shop at, workers are friendly and proactive with customers.  I like coming here, good prices.
Worth the wait. I had the turkey sandwich and it was worth the long wait. It was super fresh and tasty.
always a good experience here.  Ask for Tran, Thuy, or Toan (think the letter T) when getting manicures or Shellac.
Easily the worst restaurant service I've experienced combined with incorrect orders and mediocre food.  Feels like any other option would be better.
Terrible customer service don't go here to buy anything. I couldn't see the store manager only a team lead. They must all take training to be rude and smug.
Great place for hummus. Their broiled chicken salad is also amazing with a lemon vinaigrette. Although, this location has a very hectic and small parking lot.
Very reliable honest people who went above and beyond. Very trustworthy and great work for the price
I will go back to Vegas just to eat here again. Pricey, but worth every penny. You must have the chicken and waffles, to die for!
First time visitor, and I was pleased. Hopefully they have a ever changing menu to keep me curious what they'll whip up next.
A little on the pricy side especially for drinks. But the rooftop summer live shows are tops!
Amazing food and outstanding service! Plus the gelato is sooooo yummy and refreshing!
Definitely recommend this Sushi place. The place is so chill, John give us a very good service and the food is awesome and they have Uni...
Great show. Awesome for adults and kids. Highly recommend. Discounted tickets can be found through the hotel rewards program sometimes. Have seen the show twice now.
Phenomenal service, quick turnaround from quote to cleaning completed.\n\n\nI look forward to using them again, very reasonable pricing and great work.
Our server, Patricia, was so helpful in tailoring a vegan meal for me, which was delicious. I will definitely recommend this restaurant to vegans and non-vegans.
Great place to eat, Friday and Saturday night they have live music.  The owners mom runs the kitchen, the food is legit!
Very happy with my service here. Coming from a horrible pharmacy on Dysart, this location is heaven sent. Come here, it's worth the extra drive.
Bar none, the best sushi in Charlotte! Friendly staff and amazing sushi options. It's very new age sushi with the perfect blend of tradition.
I came here 6 years ago- Just moved back to to town and Soooo glad it's still here! Lox = Super YUM!
Always hot fresh bagels, iced chai tea was the bomb! Friendly, fast , always feel welcome by the smiley staff.
Absolutely the kindest and most experienced care for your loved ones (pets). I love the natural approach and integrative approach to caring for our pets.
Very nice office personnel. Good with communication and thorough about emails and reminders.
This is the best place for hotdogs in Charlotte. The hotdogs are very tasty, and the rooftop seating is nice.
The food was amazing! And the staff very chill and funny. Portions are huge, quality is guaranteed and the price is friendly!
No warning that an oil change and a headlight would be 2 1\/2 hours.  Totally disrespectful of someone's time!!!  Any money saved on the coupon is lost in time.
Love harkins. They are always good with loyalty cups and free popcorn passes. We love to come here for date night and always have a good time.
The pharmacy is great! There prices are great if you have the pay cash for your prescription.  And all the techs and pharmacists are very friendly.
Excellent.  Reminder of \"classic\" Vegas. Easily sat our table of 8 adults. Everyone enjoyed their meal, plenty of drinks, quick service, entertaining and friendly staff.
Been here many times over the course of the last year and the guy with the fancy mustache is always, always an asshole.
Spencer was awesome! Great guy and very talented. He put a design in my hair and it's wonderful!
Boring and not very Mexican if you ask me.  Just a couple steps up from those ready made fajita kits that you can buy at the grocery store.
This place rocks!  The carne asada burrito with a side of guacamole and the other homemade salsas is sheer perfection.  Super friendly service as well.
Actually, my favorite place in Toronto! Low prices, nice atmosphere, good service and polite staff! Nothing to complain about!
Shitty service, all serves are rude and they take forever to make the hookahs and rarely come around to change coals save your time and money!
2nd chance and FAILED again! I will never again come to this place!
super fun experience designing a shirt with Brand X! Got a high quality product that I can't wait to give for christmas!
I love this place. Everyone is really friendly and they give great instruction throughout the class. I have brought my friends who also love this studio.
I've been shopping here for years. Small selection, prices a lil higher than I recall. Sadly, I won't be returning.
Great neighborhood tavern.  Good food, good drinks.  Call before going for late dinner to make sure Kitchen is open.
Hostesses were not very friendly. They seemed very unhappy doing their job. Food was okay and overpriced. Kinda disappointed. Would not go back.
Newly Renovated. Good food. Went here for lunch. The place is packed. Line gets really long. Paid about 20 bucks for 10 sets. Amazing!
Best Wings!  I visit CL twice a week.  Also....you wont find a better Blue Cheese!\nNothing more needs to be said.
Best meal of my life!!!! Seriously I am at a loss for words because my experience was just so amazing!
Tasty twist on Simple menu, extremely fresh.  Food is top notch, service good as well.  This place is 5 stars.  Location much nicer than downtown as well.  Priced modestly.
Delicious smoothies and even the wraps are good too!  It's a little pricey, but so worth it and they also frequently send out coupons.
Decent burritos.
My wife and I have been going to Ah so for years. Always good good. Request Brandon. He is their best Chef by far.
Love this place ! I really enjoy the food and service, plus the Carrot Cake was amazing!
This was my second time coming here. Pretty decent food I'd recommend the southwest eggs Benedict
Awesome experience! Hard working staff with amazing knowledge of the food and willing to work with even the pickiest of eaters!
Tom is the best bartender in town.   Can't go wrong with the Clark Bar.  Great food and fantastic service.   Locals know the Clark Bar!
My friend and I had great meals, both linguini and clams, different sauces. Nice service. Small with open kitchen. Pleasant surprise on main highway near Hoover Dam.
Austin was a great help with  my large pizza order for my daughters birthday party . He made sure everything went smooth thanks again Austin
Don't be fooled by the humble exterior:  their food is delicious!\n\nBetter than Pizza Sola.\n\nIts my favorite pie in Shadyside, and their hoagies and gyros are also delicious.
Best in the area.  All the variations were tasty! red chile, arizona, and chicken mojito.  Favorite is plain w honey.
One of the most beautiful things I've seen in my life. Try to sit on the railing (be safe!) :D
Sean did a leveling kit on a 2005 GMC Sierra. He was professional and helpful. I would recommend him and will definitely use him again.
What a great place.  Reasonably priced and always friendly, plus, the food is amazing!
Prices (especially during happy hour) are better than average for Vegas, food is OK, neither the best nor the worst sushi I had.  Service (at the bar) was outstanding.
Today was my first day dropping my daughter off at kidz
I would try and get everything because it's all amazing. Don't forget the sides! I would say the best BBQ I've ever had!
Great food. There ought to be a shuttle bus from the heart of the strip just so people can get away from the lousy buffets and Denny's.
Recently started coming here to get my hair done by Jennifer. She's friendly and I love my haircut!! The atmosphere is friendly and laid back.
We have parked here for years and we still think the experience is as smooth as it gets.  The drivers are friendly and there is always plenty of parking.
How lucky are we to have this shopping Mecca?!\nParking is in abundance. \nDisplays are neat & inviting. I think the staff is amazing. They're always so friendly & helpful.
The Ramen here is beyond delicious! Very savory and make sure to get the spicy sauce the chef makes. Great find!
This place was a good find!! Great friendly service and awesome espresso martinis!! Small and quaint with a cool patio!
Ordered chicken plate. Very good meal and excellent service by waitress named Patience. A little bit on the pricey side but will return.
Great shwarma large portions and very clean also great toppings available l, I've been here multiple times and it never fails to disappoint
One word. Excellent! My wife and I are picky about quality and selection. This is one of our go to places for breakfast!
Super tasty happy hour, (food & drinks) w great prices! 2-6:30 M-F, Sat 12-4 and all day on Sunday. Karineen was very nice and helpful! Def will be back!
The Drunken Noodles(hot) here are soo delicious!!! Egg rolls are great, pad thai is a little above average.
Loved this restaurant. Fantastic food. Waitress was very knowledgeable, positive and cheerful. We'll definitely be back.
Great find off the strip with great prices. Loved the home made jam, that was a great touch!  Great place to stop if visiting LV.
Great food and an amazing hookah lounge the only place packed and fun during the weekends definitely worth going to
Horrible Service! Was looking to furnish 3 rooms & not 1 acknowledgement by staff in the whole store. Ashley Furniture got my business that day!
Great breakfast\/brunch food and surprisingly good prices for Ballantyne area.
really consistently good taro boba, I will drive out of my way just for that
First time ever ordered anything from Jack's and I was well satisfied with the corn beef sandwich that I ordered from their online menu. Will be back!  5 stars!
This is a hidden gem in my neighborhood. The food is amazing! In a heavily foodie haven this place stands proud.
This has to be the best sushi place in town, hands down. \nQuality, quantity, staff, and freshness .
This gas station and mini store is very convenient. Hot dogs and other food and drinks. Always a friendly person working
The food is amazing! I have had it on multiple occasion and all the food is great and interesting.  I highly recommend it for any event.
Great service and quality food, glad I stopped by. Had the Italian combo so delicious..
Professional and knows what she's doing.  Stephanie helped fix a color that went wrong at another salon.  I'll keep going back!
We enjoyed the spring rolls and sushi but the tom yum soup was too sweet and strangely tomato based.
Very scrupulous and unfair loan dept. I would recommend going with a credit union for a vehicle loan, as you would pay far less in bs fees!
Great vibe and perfect location.   A combo hipster meets startup meets the rest of us kinda place :)
Went here because the Scottsdale location had a line out the door. I came here for x-rays and was in and out in less than 15 min.
What a treat.  Such a neat spot.  Great pub menu items for all.  Great selection of beer, wine and spirits.  Family friendly as well during dinner hrs.  Martin
Excellent service and delicious food - they are very willing to accommodate dietary restrictions. Went with a group and everyone was really pleased with their meal. Gorgeous desserts.
Great staff, cheap food, good beer, fantastic juke box.  If I died in Cleveland, hopefully it would be here.
Love this place, the staff is amazing and the food is better. The wine secltion is suprube!
Kind of a unique romantic yet casual setting. Friendly but slow service. Food was just ok. Don't see what the fuss is over this place.
What a fantastic atmosphere! The service was superb. The beer selection is vast and impressive. My wife and I look forward to hanging out here a lot!
Good sushi and good service. However a little pricy for what you're getting. Friendly staff.
Excellent fast inexpensive sushi place.  Nice staff and owner.  The ginger dressing for the salad is home made.  Very clean and well run place. I will definitely be back.
Good coffee, good selection of doughnuts...good breakfast spot for someone budgeting time or providing last-minute faire for a morning meeting.
Crispy parathas and best seekh Kabab \n\nDon't order lot of items and stick with basic\n\nMango lassi was sour
Delicious food and it's not that expensive. A different Latin food from Guatemala.. not really spicey.
Definitely the best hotel in Messa vintage nice quiet clean rooms brings back memories 15 years ago when I was in Mexico in a hotel
Very very nice girls working here\nThey always do their best to accommodate walk ins and help make sure you get in and out quickly without sacrificing quality. Love them!
This pleace. Oh man, so good they use mesquite when cooking the steak. Cant be beaten. These are the best tacos this side of the border.
Sure it's great.  But in my opinion ---- overpriced !  And they take cash only (c'mon people, it's 2012)
Food was ok, staff helpful and accommodating but inexperienced.  Different people every time I go. Way too expensive for what you get.
Filthy, too busy, horrible layout for the playground area, and there are bees and wasps everywhere. The train and carousel are overpriced. Not a fun park.
Good food at decent prices. Original products and usually high quality (except the artichokes!). Would definitely recommend this place to others.
Great tasting cannoli! A little pricy for the size though. Good as a one off desert when out with family\/friends.
Even the simplest arrangements are designed beautifully. Their designs and service are absolutely top-notch!
Fresh seafood but lobster is tiny. I guess I was expecting more but price is reasonable so it wasn't so so bad.
Went here with some friends had a great time. I would recommend this for an evening out.
I've been going to Erin at the Mission location for 6 years and I just adore her. Super professional, attentive and fast - I wouldn't go anywhere else.
Very sad.  Used to be a fantastic, well stocked store with plenty of knowledgeable help.  Now, it's no longer an Ace Hardware, the shelves are largely empty, no help.
Best fish tacos I've ever had -  and that's coming from a California native. Excellent food and the jerk wings were great too.
Don the manager is a excellent guy, alway willing to help and find things, resolve problems immediately.
If you enjoy fried chicken, this place is great.  LOVE the chicken, waffle and watermelon entree.  The short rib sliders and bacon donuts are also really good.
Great place and very friendly. They have never disappointed me or our pug.  She loves all the great treats and they carry the best dog food.
Great place! Interesting food combinations delicious flavors fast friendly service and a great price! All you need to know!
I stopped by to get a haircut, I was seated right the way, no wait time . the hair dresser was very nice, she did a great job!
Reasonable prices for excellent Chinese cuisine.  The family is friendly and helpful.
It's open, clean and the food is good! Thanks scramble for starting my 4th of July off right!
Love getting my eyebrows done from Seema! She is the  eyebrow queen! It's $10 to get eyebrow threading
I love this place. Its beautiful, food to die for and in general good service.
Awful service food mediocre won't be back
Nice work guys! Great service and the food was very good. Loved the lasagna, pasta, pizza, all of it!
Best cake I've ever had. Staff is friendly and super easy to work with. Can not wait to see our wedding cake in September!!
Great sushi! Very small restaurant only 11 seats in the whole place. Not a fan of their miso soup.
Daily specials are a good deal. Nice outside seating area. Good size pizza for lunch deal.
Got a massage here from a Groupon deal, absolutely amazing. We did the 90 minute and it was worth every penny. The foot salt scrub was great also.
I have used this company since 2009. They are honest, hardworking and extremely reliable.  I would not hesitate to recommend them.  They are an absentee landlord's dream.
who's your daddy?!...  \n   Love love!... the sushi\nTried every where else, nothing comes close to this place....\nFood is awesome!...
i love shopping there. they havw home made desserts and salads just like back home.
Bartenders are terrific , the singing is fabulous. Great atmosphere. Always have a good time here.
A pretty long wait for very average food.  The meal sizes were very big, but overall the taste was bland.
Fantastic friendly and knowledgeable customer service they go above and beyond and I really appreciate that I have found my music store in Chandler
Great Place to see a show!  Generate Rogue Bar Playlists at http:\/\/www.playlisthq.com\/default.aspx?VenueID=104666&VenueName=Rogue%20Bar !!
I was thinking to go this restaurant from long time at last I did dine in last night & we didn't like their food pls don't waste your money..
it's a fantastic place, I don't get it why the rating star is so poor, everyone should try it.
It's good every time I go! I get the breakfast bowl or the taro milk tea with boba. My favorite boba!
Clean and well maintained store checkout their furniture and art gallery you will find out  amazing deals for less price.
Thank you! Great and honest service. I found my new go to for everything!
A real grocery store on UW Madison campus!  Hooray!
Monty's is a place you can go where the veg selections don't feel like an afterthought.  Order \"The Sheldon\"...  Trust me.  Also, amazing waitstaff and very good coffee
Horrific wait times in the drive thru and you can't leave because you're stuck in between cars. Do not recommend this place.
So yummy, the yakisoba was amazing and the kimchi chicken udon was delicious. Definitely had a kick to it
Consistently good! I love this place. The food is so fresh and light. The cheese and egg crepe is my favorite. The cappuccinos are so good too.
Best ice cream place in NE Ohio.  But you pay for quality. Huge variety of flavors.  Line is always long.
Great service with GF options. Change of gloves and a cross contamination warning. Super friendly and courteous.
1st time here and had a great meal. Fantastic service and the manager Brooke was great. Highly recommend!
Used to love this store. But the shirt collection is not good anymore. Sales people are not too helpful anymore. Disappointed.
Very intimate venue. Reminds me of the MOD club. Great acoustics. You can hang downstairs or upstairs.
They tried to overcharge me by over $100 and the car was filthy and covered in dings. My worst experience ever renting a car.
Simple food well done.  Wonderful service and a wonderful experience!  The mashed potatoes are to die for!!!
Using Celebrity Tux was easy, simple, and affordable.  Larry is the man.  Thanks so much coming out and fitting our outfits for my brother's wedding!
best lunch deal on the strip!\nfeels like a really fancy lunch but so affordable
Another neat place in Acorn Alley!  It is one of the fun places in downtown Kent. A must!
This place has great chai, coffee and lattes. The food is fine, but it takes a half a year to be made. Stick with drinks
A nice hole-in-the - wall cafe. Fresh vegan local sourced food. (some weird artwork on the walls!) Great coffees and prompt service. Not too busy for weekend brunch.
Their driver caused a fatal accident on the I17 southbound out of Flaggstaff on Sunday June 19.
Food was awesome. Wicked space too. \n\nChopped salad is amazing (trust). So was everything else we ate. \n\nHave also had them through foodora.
The loooooooongest wait for my order ever. Do not come here unless you have a half and hour to wait for your order.
Randy's did an awesome job.  I wish I had a fleet of cars for them to tint.  An essential automotive investment in Arizona.
First times having lunch there, pleasantly surprised. Good food!
Showed up on time and emptied the pile in the garage.\n\nMattress, box springs, water heater, washer and drier all gone.\n\nVery quick and friendly service.\n\nWe will use again.
Cool themed restaurant with a variety of good sandwiches. Definitely worth trying out.
You cant beat the price! $3 with promo.. free wash cloth and air freshener! Vacuum works good! Nice and clean place! 5 star for price and service
Awesome food,staff and atmosphere. Eat the picked brine chicken! Had my taste buds dancing
Never had anything we didn't love. Don't leave without trying the sweet potato fries. Service is great!
The tacos were AMAZING and the man running the truck was incredibly friendly. Best tacos in Champaign-Urbana, hands down.
Cupcakes for days!  My favorite is their cream sticks and white cake with white buttercream frosting!  The best!  And you can't beat the prices!  Thanks Vincent's!!
Petit restaurant discret sur la petite rue bishop. Excellent, un peu dispendieux, mais beaucoup de choix !! Tout était très bon  Bon service et belle terrasse.
Sunday brunch- is a must!! Pancakes ridiculously fluffy!! Chicken fried to perfection. Waffles --mmmm. Stuffed but so wanted to continue chowing !! When in Vegas check it out!!!
I absolutely love my new floors! John and Alfredo were wonderful and did a great job installing them!
Heather was fantastic,sweet waitress fort Apache and flamingo.. more waitresses should be like Heather she was right on the ball
Absolutely love love love their pizza. Its some of the best pizza I have had since moving to Arizona !
Best dental office I have ever been to: Friendly, caring and good at what they do!
I think this place has closed. No cars there for the last few days and their phone number doesn't seem to work anymore.
Very good food. Nice waitress. Reasonable price.
Good store with all basic Indian stuff will good quality.\nPeople's are awesome, store is awesome and prices are awesome
Love it. Great place to eat and chill! They play amazing music and the vibe in there is just so friendly and all around amazing
Long wait. Bathroom to small. But all that can be overlooked cause the food was great!!!!
Best cappuccino I had in Montreal. Hands down. Made sure to come here right before I left for the airport!
以前离鸿福饮茶探距有旧式的推点心车，隔了长时间再离就无左啦，环境貌似经过重新装修，新净同靓左。周末仍然都系甘多人，等位等左半小时后终于有位，4人台5个人坐有少少逼。出品ok,及第粥［大］真系好多料，吃完个粥饱到吃唔落其他嘢。11点前埋单还有优惠tim
Best chinese food around Phoenix. I drive all the way from Glendale for their dumplings. DELICIOUS.
士嘉堡中心連接巴士总站，GO STATION和轻轨，交通方便。隔离就系CIVIC CENTRE政府办公楼。商场改造后又靓又新左，虽然改造工程还在进行中，不过多了好多大牌店铺，真系可以逛大半日。而且还有电影院在商场内，真系唔行街都可以去看电影，唔会闷亲。
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! It is SO good and definitely has the best buffet around, and I typically don't care for buffets.
Walked in the store and got ignored. Poor customer service. Im suprise theses people are still in business. Would not go back!!!!
Not fresh AT ALL.  this place was crazy busy so I'm not sure why it wasn't at least hot.  Tasted like left overs from early on the week.
David's hairstyling Best  blow dry in town. Nobody does it better then David. #feellikeamodel #davidshaurstyling #1416centrestreet
Harry took over in Anna's absence a while back and he's extremely nice, pleasant and attentive. Still 5 stars!
Any New Yorker will agree this is the place for an amazing bagel sandwich. You can't go wrong with any of their options.!
Friendly and delicious. The delivery man actually came out during the flash flood. I ordered right before we recd the warnings.
This was one of my fav pizza place by throughout the last months their service has gone downhill. Customer service is terrible and it's always dirty!
The food is amazing and very well served! Try the fried avocado, the fajitas and the sabrosa.
honestly the best customer service in my entire life! the chicken was so crispy and the staff was incredibly kind!
Super friendly staff.  And fast!!Arranged two flower arrangements for me, and did it within 20 min.  I highly recommend them.  Support local business!
Upset they took away my fav Mac and cheese and the habanero coleslaw. Only reason I came. :(
Honestly, you don't even have to be a Beatles fanatic or on edibles to enjoy this Las Vegas gem. Truly amazing show and cast- well worth the cost!
Fantastic!! Super fresh, fruit was naturally sweet and perfectly ripe. I had the acai bowl, and price wise it was more than fair. The smoothies looked amazing as well.
Have eaten here numerous times. Probably My favorite Thai restaurant in the Vegas area. Food it consistent quality and fresh.
Best bialys in town - authentic and delicious! Love the mini onion bialys and my grandchildren love the plain.
Great place! Friendly staff and awesome beer selection. The Fog system keeps the patio nice even on hot days!
We come by every Tuesday for $10 self wash deals! Friendly staff and convenient tubs.
THE BEST hidden gem!!! Sit at the bar, order meats and cheeses, ask for Mark the bartender, you won't be sorry. It's beyond amazing!!!
16 flavours and countless toppings. I'm just happy this place isn't close to where I live or I would be 300 pounds. \n\nDefinitely worth the visit.
These guys are the best! I've had Thai food all over the world and no where can match this place!
Amazing experience! Best sea food I have ever had. Much recommended. \nI loved the service, good price and very clean.
Air conditioneer was a little loud. Otherwise you can't beat this place.  Free happy hour. Free buffet breakfast. Free shuttle to the Strip. A hidden gem.
Service was good, food was mediocre at best. If you are looking for good tasting BBQ go somewhere else.
The food is great!  I got the Huss Brewing rice pudding stout beer this time on draft and it was delicious.  We used a Groupon and it was reasonable.
Great food, friendly staff and wonderful ambiance.   A must try dining experience.\nKathy\nAvon
Found 4 sisters and went in for a late dinner. Service was good. Food was fabulous-it was lovely. We will be back again.
Had another great visit at Goodyear. Needed to change out my rear brakes. Great service and great work. Will be back for front brakes
Love the food ! Atmosphere is really pretty special and wait staff fantastic !
Cecil was awesome and honest! He diagnosed the problem and told us the best option. I would definitely call Mojave Air conditioning again for any of my a\/c needs.
Excellent service in every way.Been using them for years. Always accommodating, pick up by Jeff always smiles and prompt. Dave is the best owner.
Cheapest bottomless brunch on the strip. \nWonderful experience. Great food. The waiter made sure our glasses never saw the bottom. Highly recommend.
Terrible service. Hard potatoes and a English muffin that was micro waved  thI waited over 12 min for
I go here a few times a month. Very friendly staff and the food is good too. I love my Chipotle steak burritos very much.
We did brunch buffet here and it was truly delicious. So much variety. I most enjoyed the prime rib, chow mein, and carrot cake. Worth the money.
The food is fine. We concerned about the environment a lot. There is some bug crawling on the wall when we were eating. Felt disgusting.
Was there tonight  was seated around 6pm. Terrible service. Left after waiting  twenty minutes for the server to come back to take our order. Won't be returning.
Great prices! delicious food! Not sure on customer service felt rushed but that won't stop me! Really good place gone a couple times already and will be back :)
Great neighborhood brewery with friendly staff and owners. I work in the same building and have never had anything but an awesome experience.
David the drivethru was very nice and great employee handled me very well he needs a raise !!!
Mediocre at best. Service below par. Food bland. The accordion player is cool.  This place was on my bucket list for years.  Oh well ... disappointing.
Honestly, food is just okay. As everyone else mentioned. Large portions! Really large portions. If you're looking to take home leftovers, you won't be disappointed.
Best Dentists in the SouthEnd. Outstanding service and are very conservative when it comes to treatment.
One of the best buffets i've been to in Vegas. LOVE THE DESSERTS...creme brulee was AWESOME! Gotta try it, it's a bit pricey but well worth it!
I love Yelp and I use it everyday. Plus you have the hottest chicks working thereAnd the really smart to.
I loved that they had a big menu to chose from. Every thing I've tried here was good. And it is affordable.
Their lunch deal is out of this world. Spent $11 per person on a giant platter of fish. Tasty and not overly saucy, and had leftovers for another meal!
Took my Dyson in for repair. The repair was completed on time but owner was rude. He appears to be very knowledgable on the Dyson brand.
The pad thai and green curry are great!
Amazing!!! Loved my experience here! The brunch nachos are so good, I'm still thinking about them! Will return!
I watched them pull every single thing out of the freezer and then serve me a freezer burned oil soaked pile of garbage... no pride in the work here
went here on the first i arrived in vegas.  and it was lunch time and went here. OMG the food is great. i loved it there.
First class is free, great coaches and awesome family atmosphere, priceless.
Excellent breakfast spot! The foods really served well and could actually accommodate a small customization which most Phoenix servers\/cooks (somehow) can't. Very friendly staff
We came as a group of 6 people. Very good experience. I like the beef salad and sweet shrimp here. The waiter is very nice :D
Good pizza.  Service was just so so. Sat with empty water and iced tea glasses for most of our meal.
Go here if you want to have your credit card returned to the wrong person and lost forever. Not even an apology. #zero
Best pedicure ever.  Ask for Hanna!  Kevin has been doing my nails regularly.  The best, and I'm really picky!
I went here on a whim and my wife loved it a lot. Well worth it for sure. She was in love with the food and would go back.
Kodi vepudu... Is my favourite... will never miss to order. Overall I love the food taste here..
Metro Diner is always a good idea! Great food, and your waiters take good care of you!
Just had drinks here, but seems like it would be a fun environment as the night wears on.
What a wonderful place we just discovered for lunch. Excellent food and staff. We will positively be back here again.
I love coming here to buy affordable yet delicious cakes! The food from all different cultures here are very cool to check out and the desserts always look amazing!!!
Came across this spot while exploring the streets- and I'm glad we did! Perfect for lunch, dessert, and chocolatey drinks with great service and friendly staff
I love the staff & their customer service! My favorite place to get my supplements! They have truly become a part of my fitness journey!
Wow really good and fun! We picked the topping and sauce and within minutes we had an amazing pizza. I want to go again the possibilities are endless.
Raylynn is amazing, very kind, attentive and talented!!! The spa is nice and service is wonderful all around. I highly recommend a visit to this spa.
This hole in wall was yummy! Some of the best Cuban food in Da burgh. The food was fresh and authentic. Cute bar too! Worth checking out for dinner...
Really tasty food and pleasant service! Would definitely come back here for another meal. I got the mix lamb and beef combo. Was very delicious!
Was in and out in less than 30 mins. Had seafood bisque and a cheeseburger. Both were excellent.
As if campitis isn't already amazing, they're now on uber eats, so finally you can get these great hoagies & pizza delivered!!! Great move guys
This place is the best. The food is fantastic and the atmosphere is very relaxed. It's a great place for a date or entertaining business associates.
First time here, from Phoenix Az.. great food and drinks, love the Penny Lane Wiskey... Amy was awesome, great service very consistent. I'd definitely come back!!!
Food was very good, service great and the happy hour menu was a good value.  They have a good variety of beer on tap.
I loved this place. Friendly staff and great food! Very affordable. I'll definitely go back. :)
Food came uncooked and cold\nNo curtesy or exceptional customer service...\nBetter Accross the street at Sonic's drive thru
Food good but not as good as Wicked Spoon of Wynn's buffet.\nService was not good.\nRestrooms were terrible!!!
Great dry cleaners! Service is excellent and they do a really good job! Very happy with them!
Loved it! Food was great. Service was decent. Loved the twice cooked chicken and pot stickers. Family friendly and prices were decent too!
This Del Taco is dope. Get them Tacos on that Deal Day. Hella tight. Open 24 hours in the drive thru. Awesome nice staff.
The worst ! \n\nVery dirty inside. Disorganized, stacks of papers, dishes,equipment everywhere. Floor is sticky, bugs on the ground, cobwebs everywhere. I literally asked for a refund and left.
Went to happy hour last night, our waiter was attentive and very happy. I never had to ask for a refill and enjoyed the delicious wings, fries, and nachos.
Good size to these bagels.\nA single bagel More than enough for breakfast.\nMade fresh.  I paid 7 bucks for 6 bagels.
If you want stripy bleeding highlights instead of balayage, and to get screamed at by the owner for no reason, go to Salon Glamour! You won't be disappointed!
Awesome upbeat venue with a great crowd, music and food. If they invested in water glasses that would be great. People drinking from water jugs was entertaining.
Very friendly staff, clean and in a great location. The lady did a great job on my eyebrows (didn't catch her name) I will be returning.
Staff is nice and the price is fair. Car condition is superior.
Good for breakfast , outstanding for lunch. The salads are grrrreat!\nThe wait staff as been there for a long time and they are consistently A+
Food was delicious , clean and fresh! Environment is warm welcoming and super clean. Good for family and friends to get together, enjoy the real Chinese food!
Good prices, the scheduling was sometimes difficult. I know it's a small local business getting pounded by Grouponers so I get it. My lashes looked nice!
Tried the Taiwanese Fried Chicken and it was delicious! Also a must try and pairs nicely with the snow ice.
Best Italian food in town! You can't go wrong with chicken parmigiana pasta and if you are in a hurry get the chicken parmigiana sandwich!
The Shrimp and Grits were very good, the Mac and Cheese was very, very good and the Chicken was excellent and the biscuits were delicious.   A must taste.
Brunch is vile. Come here for dinner and get the southern combo. Everything on the plate is delicious.. Service is better at dinner too.
The reviews do this place total justice. Had the chicken shawarma sandwich which was delicious. Will be going back often for sure. Highly recommended.
The view is the best in the city. Rooftop has a neat pool. Posh and Chique. Great venue for special events also. \n\n4.25\/5 *
The homemade curly fries, OMG. Very welcoming place. All said Hi and Goodbye. Just a friendly atmosphere.
Highly suggest no one buy from here, they fat shame and ruin the whole experience of feeling beautiful in a wedding dress.
Dr. Perez is a very thorough doctor. Takes his time with his patients. Highly recommend him for all family wellness needs.
The best customer service. Love my tutorial classes!!!  Early in the morning or when they first open is best time to schedule apps.
The taste is so rich, especially when I drink the tea with cheese! Best bubble tea ever! It is much better than Coco or others.
Great variety. Wonderful atmosphere. Nice owners. You'll be glad you came. We took our grandson on a Sunday afternoon and loved it.
The grilled chicken taco salad was delicious, customer service was great. I'd definitely go back here.
Fantastic find, great food after a long day of sightseeing in the beautiful city ! The food is fresh hot and delicious.
What a great place, the atmosphere was wonderful and the staff was informative about the food options and substitutions available due to my good allergies. Very helpful!
Generic ice cream . Shitty quality. Nothing tastes fresh. Huge disappointment after looking at the positive ratings. Was expecting much better.
Slow service with quite possibly the smallest water glasses ever. Burger was $22 and over cooked.
Thank you Michael.....excellent service and will recommend...beautiful store....have looked all over for items I wanted....and found them at Ashley...thank you for your time spent....
You gotta get the Galley Boy! Their shakes and onion rings are great too! Fast service  right to your car!
Amazing food. Come here if you want to keep it authentic. This place is the only place I know that actually makes it authentic. Excellent!!
Meredith and the girls are kind and helpful.  This is a legit and nice place.\nI have been to others and know the difference.
Best fries in Charlotte,,,great service (always), great value, good selection. LOVE the Super \"C\" burger, loaded,,,,,always leave with a  full belly....
I just love the food here, it's a greatMenu. Everything tasted fresh I love the grill cheese sandwiches
I loved the flour tortilla chips but the salsa was not hot enough more like a pico. The food was over priced for the taste
Got the groupon voucher , its worth it ! Super love ky lashes . Thanks to Gina for making me look pretty .
Coin Gilford.selection française classique,qualite intéressante,prix compétitifs.on peut consommer sur place.j'ai un faible pour les millefeuilles -un peu lourds..
Jenn is so great! She how I like my hair cut and does it right every time. Highly recommend her to anyone who is seeking a new hairstylist.
In short, this place is amazing! Everything I ordered was delicious; with crazy fast service! Just do it.
These were AWESOME! Anthony and Adam were friendly, quick and professional. I couldn't have asked for more. I will definitely be using these guys again.
Great, fun, it's exciting to become part of the avengers. Would recommend others to try out this amazing experience. Lots of stimulations that can really get you involved.
Tried the Dbox seats!  They were pretty cool. It was a fun experience - good location and theatre was clean& friendly
They did such a good job!! I had dog hair all over my cushions & they made them smell soo good & they are sooo clean
Great Hotel.  Always nice people and treat you like they need you.
Friendly people, great selection, my go-to local pet store for all of my German shepherd's needs.
Disappointing - service was very slow, the food was unexceptional.  I think we got the \"B\" team on Sunday.
Definitely will visit again. The service and the rolls were excellent. I've been to a few different sushi restaurants and this one is by far the best one.
Amazing food. Oyako and Gyudon  was amazing. Great service too.
Great deals on power tools & vacuums! Some brands include Ridgid, Ryobi, Hoover, Dirt Devil. What more could you ask for?
Fantastic happy hour!Great customer service! A fun chill place to hang out at! Love the the roof top and live music!
Super clean, Ryan Marquez did a great job on our ink. He was friendly, polite, worked clean. Thanks and we will send people your way!
Perfect place to do your nails and eye brow waxing. There services were exceptional. They used very good products and the place was so clean!
This place had such a nice ambience. And the coffee was amazing. The worker was really quick and even recommended a couple of items to us
Loved their Sheridan sandwich! Great beer selection and a kick back style makes this the next best in Phoenix!
This place is an old timey place in a face paced world.  I highly recommend The Gordon Square.
Our order was messed up and the manager took really good care of us got our money back and remade the sandwich. Very professional and will be coming back
Super happy with Skinny Wimp. They got everything done in an hour an a half and took away all of the stress from moving. I highly recommend them!
Their potatoes & freshly baked banana nut muffin are crack. Coffee alone is excellent! Service is excellent as always! Portions are HUGE!! This place beats ihop\/Denny's!!
This new location is much nicer than the previous one, the service is great, nice decor, excellent staff and most of all the quality of the food
Good service and great food! We ordered the kare kare, tapsilog, bisteak, lechon, sisig, fishballs, and isaw! All very delicious!
Very convenient , specially when you have to wait in line at the registration desk
Chou's kitchen is really yummy !! it's juicy dumplings are soooooooooo delicous !!!!!!!also it was pretty cheap and this one worker is so efficient she is amazing
Good hotel! Friendly staff, the restaurant in the hotel is good too. I wish our shower had more pressure, other than that great place
Just paid more than $15 for 2 small Lattes and 2 chocolate croissants.  Hard chunks of chocolate in a mostly empty small croissant.  Ripoff!
The owner was very professional and had so much knowledge on the watches and jewelry pieces I brought in.
Chicken and shrimp over cooked no Popeyes sweet tea or jambalaya. Not a great Popeyes restaurant.
Mediocre service, mediocre food. Maybe it's better as an after hours spot but definitely not our idea of \"date Night Dinner\" spot.
I've been over 50 times and will continue to go. Sevice is good, never a long wait and the prime rib benny is addicting.
Its a nice place to grab a quick and relatively healthy lunch\/dinner. Nothing fancy. \nLove their smoothies. \nNoodle & rice bowls are OK for a quick bite.
The food was fantastic.   The service was excellent.  The wine list was interesting and varied.  Highly recommend this resteraunt
The Food. The atmosphere. The bar. I love it. Great food. Chill vibes. All local. Charlotte staple.
Service was good. Food was terrible and EXTREMELY overpriced. One. Oils taste the rancid oil the food was fried in....yuck!! High priced diner masquerading as an oyster bar.
Awesome food. Great Chili, love the coffee. Great place to go. They also have non-dairy food options.
Lauren is the best hostess! Informative knowledgable and polite. Give her a promotion!!!! Food was good but her attitude was better than any gg we've been to. Thumbs up!
This palce is really good, They have a big menu and everything is great. If You like hot dogs this is the place for You
Love this place! Drinks are delicious and sugar cookies are amazing! My kids love their movie theater style popcorn too!
Excellent food. Very good price. We ordered more than 10 items, every single item was tasty and in large quantity.
Everything on the menu is great - especially the salmon, garlic dip, chicken hummus, and walnut baklavah.
Authentic! Excellent! BBQ at its best and the charisma of the staff is yer another element that completely elevates the experience! Well worth the wait
Amazing food here! Everything tastes perfect. The service was great but the kitchen took 35 min to bring food out. The manager was nice enough to offer free desert.
Not quite hot sex on a platter but good food, yummy beer and great music go a long way!
What a great place. This is a wonderful service to our community. A much needed service with a great friendly staff.
My favorite steak house because of the martinis. The hostesses dress are so nice. My lady's at the bar...WONDERFUL!!! Keep it up guys.
Excellent food and our waitress Jeannie was amazing I would love to come back and do this again
Awesome pizza and a really well run establishment! Yum!
Veggie garden burger, fries and pina colada. Good music in the background. Feels like a holiday!
The food is delicious (I recommend the Cat Lady) and SOMETIMES THE CATS RIDE SKATEBOARDS! My heart is so warm from my visit to this little cat cafe!
Any \"burger joint\" that won't let you order a burger to the temp of your liking is failing on purpose. Good beer selection. Rude servers.
The nice view of the trees was incredible. The Tuscan sandwich was delish. We celebrated my dad's birthday here and we loved it.
Yum!!  Great service from Michael tonight 1\/21! Food is always great and I love how friendly everyone is at this particular location. We will of course be back!
Wonderful hotel if you can steer clear of the Gambling Circuit!   The suites are well appointed and definitely up to Four Seasons standards!
Fine artisan pizza right here in Champaign.  Nice service, great crust and interesting fixings.
Nice spot. Staff was super friendly and accommodating the food was 10\/10.   Easy go to spot for pho.   Has Portland \/ Austin feel to it   Good food
Waited in line for over an hour and didn't even move after we spent over $100 on tickets. FAIL
Good. Better than chipotle any day. I like their shredded chicken in any form they have, quesadilla, taco, salad.. list goes on. \n\nHat creamy cilantro sauce is  fire.
A taste of Paris in Montréal!  The steak frites were very flavorable and tasty.  The drinks were good too.
The food and service were amazing. Definitely on my regular rotation now! Their RWB chicken was fantastic.
What a great place to get some breakfast. They have everything your heart can desire from coffee to donuts to breakfast sandwiches. Their service was absolutely wonderful.
I arrived there today only to find out that they have been closed permanently. Scary!! I wonder why they closed??
Only ever gotten delivery but the food is great! Delivery is fast and have yet to find an item I didn't like. Always get the chili it's bomb.
Best time! Zach is the best server! So nice! And the meatballs are to die for!!! I will be back next week and always!
Great Service, Friendly and Professional Staff.  Would recommend and use again for future carpet cleaning services.
Delicious hand-pulled ramen make this a perfect lunch spot, if you are ready to deal with the less-than-inviting food court atmosphere. Hours in the evening are limited.
A great wonton noodle place \n\nWe ordered the 'Signature Noodle' \n\nWe'd definitely go back to try the other dishes !
We had the Vegas Fries(very good), mac n cheese burger (very good) and steak(good). Staff was friendly and service was good.
My favorite post office in Las Vegas \nStaff are friendly and helpful and make business fun.
You have to try this place wonderful food..machaca beef..Jade red chicken black beans yum...
went on Wednesday for lobster and steak special.\nFood and service very good as usual however restrooms while clean were very dated.
Very clean and relaxing atmosphere.  Family run and oriented.  Would recommend and plan on visting again.
Best chocolate cookies I have ever had! They are huge! I also tried the buckeyes and they were yummy as well. Friendly service and inexpensive. Must try!
My favourite go to place for Thai food! Authentic flavours and lunch specials are a steal!
Great location, comfortable, reasonable, free breakfast, internet, close to strip and across from Las Vegas convention center.......
Very good thai basil, independent of what you enjoy in it. I also must say the service is very good.
$18 for carne asada taco plate and carne asada burrito with 2 drinks. Rice & beans were bland. Meat was greasy with no seasoning.\nDirty bathrooms. YUCK!
Very good pizza and good prices for combos\nand great customer service I had the serious  slice also the eegee's
Really fun place for the kiddos and employees are very friendly. Definitely going back
Great spectacle. Try to wait until you get a good spot. Show might be cancelled due to high wind conditions, so beware.
Excellent déjeuner toujours bien bien fait, sans prétention. Les portions sont respectables \n\nPetite place sympathique, bon resto de quartier. Argent comptant.....
Cool atmosphere, quick friendly service, sup par pad thai. Good meat, overcooked noodles, no heat.
A very consistent delivery and take out joint. Better than average pizza, subs as well as lamb, pikilia and fried calamari.
New Yorker here... Best pizza in town next to Fuel. I am looking forward to our next visit!
Unbelievable.   Simply perfect.  If I'm ever on death row, my last meal will be these pork soup dumplings!
I love this salon. It is very clean and staff is friendly. Highly recommend the Nextgen manicure. Better for your nails and no harsh UV
Excellent workmanship!\n\nThe owner is professional and knowledgeable. \nI would highly recommend their services. \n.
Dim sum Not so fresh and not so much flavor, service was good, hot and sour soup was great. It's clean comfy booth.
I had the vegetable lo mein, with an addition of tofu. It was the best lo mein i have ever had, hands down.
Roy's is a great mix of pristine sushi,  steakhouse and wine. Try the kalamari appitizer and be amazed.
Great staff, very attentive. Meal was average appetizer was a little better. Will give it another try in the future.
Hands down one of the best horchatas I've ever had. Cute place but parking is a little difficult. Loved my cafe horchata too!
WOW!\n2,200 miles away from home to taste if not the best chicken burrito I have ever had!\n\nThank you!
Solid.  Had the Thai stir-fry, and requested fresh ginger, met exact expectations
Be careful they charge a corporate rate  if you're short on gas so 1\/4 tank will cost you 51 dollars! They do not make this clear.
Their buffet is just as good as Wynn's, but I think the Wynn's decor has an edge over Bellagio's. Other than that, their food quality is superb!
Amazing service from Keke and Gifty! Fresh festival made right in front of me...mmmm. Had the jerk chicken - delicious and flavorful. Will be returning soon.
Good asian fusion food.  Sake cocktail hit the spot if you're in the mood for slushie sake.
This place is a MUST when your in Vegas. Eggs benedict are amazing!! And their blueberry pancakes are to die for!
So damn good! I got the burrito with crab, spicy tuna and shrimp for protein, cucumber, green onion, crunch and spicy mayo as the filler. Amazing. Great price too.
First time in this restaurant with my family, amazing food, great service, very clean. We loved it and def come back again.
Sat there for 15 minutes and was not served. Not even drinks. They really don't deserve 1 star because they did absolutely nothing for us.
Went there on a Friday night, but they were closed. That stinks. Who is closed on  Friday night.
Great service,  very professional!! \nRealy making a difference , highly recommend to any of My friend
Sushi is always good here. Staff is usually efficient and polite. Barhrooms are clean. Good quality restaurant.
Soosan cut my hair and it was the fastest greatest haircut ive ever had at this location
Omg my favorite place to have breakfast in Vegas so far, everything they have is very tasty.
Huge burger!  Nice size portions.  The Chili on fries and the cheeseburger were extremely bland!!!
Fantastic food, quick service and ridiculous portions. This place is absolutely fantastic and worth the drive up from Tempe.
A+!!!! I had the pork carnitas.... So good. Great atmosphere and staff. Delicious food. Can't wait to go back.
I love the foods here make fresh and beautiful deco. All girl here dress up beautiful. Very traditional Mexican restaurant mixed with American style. Delicious foods.
Positives: Great service.  Great prices. Lots of baked goods and delicious coffee. \n\nNegatives: Very busy. Very noisy. Lack of outlets
I was so disappointed in the Pho. Waist of $9. I had literally all noodles and no broth.
We went to the one at Santan mall. This is a very unique place. The donuts are made right in front of you. Our grand kids loved it...(us too)
Great place to pick up a meatball sandwich and or the Italian toasted. Great assortments of meats and cheeses.
-First time trying Philippino food\n-great beef and pancit\n-shared with my friend \n-friendly staff \n-really interesting decor! \n-hoping to bring my Bf back for dinner sometime and order more!!!!!! :D
Delicious is all I can say. From the delectable cookies to the tasty sandwiches and salads, this gem is one everyone should visit for lunch.
They have your party needs and some interesting products to add to your food. I have never seen them before so I took lots of photos!
Best pies ever! The menu is delicious as well. Ever location I've visited has always had friendly servers who were very helpful.
Loved this stop in Las Vegas!\nWe played for hours, good for all ages with lots of variety of games...\nA must stop!
Amazing caring lady! If you need medical supplies she is the one to go see!!! Very generous fully stocked, can order what you need right away...
Sucks!  Big waste of money, over charged and under delivered.  People aren't any better.  Did Stan Lee really sign off on this?????
Amazing customer service!!!! The people are so nice!!! And the burgers are a great way to fill your tummy!
Wonderful massage!  Perfect atmosphere and friendly staff. The massage itself was perfect! Remise did an absolutely phenomenal job, definitely recommend to all looking for the best massage experience!
Awesome service !!! Would definitely recommend this company to many! For anyone looking for anything hose and an fitting related this is the place
Food wus amazing!. The drinks were soo good  but what made this place 5 stars for me wus the staff I will defanatly be back
It's burger was delicious as I expected.\nAbout its atmosphere, I believe Hard rick cafe in time square is more interesting.
We have been going to Gaetano's for 16th years, the food is terrific,\n\nTonight we had Lobster Diavolo:))
Great food and it tastes healthy! My favorite is medeterranean chicken or pita and hummus with salad.
Always outstanding. Brett loves the pork -- but today it's \"conference call tacos.\"
This is our go to restaurant late at night. The prices are very reasonable. The service is exceptional.  The food is remarkable.  You really can't go wrong.
1st class loved this place. Original great people and location we love.  Phoenix has some amazing restaurants food is amazing must go.
Best HH ever! 1\/2 off of any bottle of wine and include the jalapeño dip with house made chips.....awesomeness!
The best gas station barbecue west of the Mississippi. Also they have amazing pancakes
My roommate Kurt just went today. The service was fantastic, Jeff was extremely helpful. His car was ready when they said it would be. Excellent service, definitely recommend!!!
The fountains are a main attraction in Vegas.. cool to see but not a major if you miss out on it
The sheriff of flavor town got us dialed in with brisket nachos,  the best bloody mary and then a Cadillac Margarita the size of your head
Staff was very unfriendly and snarky and unprofessional. I recommend you take your business and hard earned money elsewhere.
Had the salmon and loved it.  Fettuccine was awesome! The service was exceptional. Very friendly. The cost was very reasonable and the portions were perfect.
OMG this place was alsome. Jamie was great. Me and girlfriend went her first time at a place like this and she loved it Thanks
amazing store they have a bar in this safeway and it is a great place to grab a drink and very reasonable
Everyone was nice. The front cashier greeted me when I entered and when I left. Amy the FNP was great!
Love this place! Esp when I'm starving or take a friend and split something.  Huge portions, yummy food and great staff!  Plus no one bitched about my service dog!
for the price of admission you can't go wrong, lots of interesting stuff to see here and we even got to talk with the curator Matt for a bit!
Good selection of Pho, vermicelli, and meat and rice dishes. Meals from 7 to 12 dollars. Pleasant and clean surroundings. Cash Only for the moment.
Margarita.  The worst. Crust tastes raw. Not crispy, soggy and chewy. Barely melts cheese.
What a treat. My first visit here abd I'm thrilled with the food AND the service. \nMike was AWESOME explained all the sauces,  options, etc\n\nFSNTASTIC
First time here wings are great.Their garlic parmasson are excellent. Nice cold beer. I will be back.
I love the authentic Thai food here. The drunken noodles and mango sticky rice are my favorites.
Emission express is always very knowledgeable and very helpful. They have beaten any other shop I have found in pricing on repairs. I highly recommend Emission Express.
Great brunch menu. Got the Carolina Shore omelet - amazing. Great game day atmosphere and service.
YUM!!! Haven't had good Mexican food like this in a while! This is my new favorite spot!
They make delicious street tacos, and their Horchata and Jamaica drinks are amazing! The staff is friendly, and they are quick to have your order ready.
Food great huge portions staff on it they get a star less because it was hot and stuffy in the restaurant and there was a funny smell
Enjoyed dinner for the taste and ambience. Small and cozy. Enjoyed watching chef and helpers prepare the dishes. Brie tart was great!
Amazing show! Best musical in Las Vegas. Some adult content, but this is Vegas and you should expect that.
Love their breakfast selection. 20% off coupon when u sign up for e-mail list. Prices are good, great for single, or group gathering.
This place is fresh, unique, affordable and delicious! Perfect for lunch.  Get the grilled cheese with the pear bread!
This guy is absolutely amazing! I was stranded with a flat tire and he came along to save the day. Will definitely be using him from now on.
Great new York style pizza!!! Quality ingredients, fast delivery. We will definitely be eating here again
Just stopped in for a drink prior to a ballgame...ritas just lots of sweet and sour mix....bartender very unfriendly to everyone around us.
Really cheap. From what i remember all games 25cents...classis games and like a 100 pinball machines.  Also i think profit go to charity.
Service is slow and food is very subpar. The price doesn't make sense for what was offered.
Not impressed. Didn't even bother to order anything. Nothing looked appetizing. Especially the animal parts boiling\/floating in a vat of liquid.
Typical Starbucks. Nice mix of people in the dining room. The drive-through is super slow, maybe the slowest drive through in the world!
Terrible service and terrible nachos.. large portion..didn't matter..took a couple no bites and left the rest for the dumpster divers
Best haircut in AZ. Joe is who I see, but never seen a bad cut walk out if there. Great cut, great atmosphere and for a great price.
Um hot tubs in the cabanas? Deal sealed. Oh and they seem to always get the best DJs. That helps too.
Great place. Clean and serene and wonderful eyebrow services.\nHighly recommend it. Hani does a fantastic job for threading.
What's ironic is that they offer an ethics class. That would be like John Wayne Gacy running a pre-school.
Dr. Martin is wonderful!  Her medical assistant and the nurse practitioner at this office are also fantastic.  :)
Great food. Got the general's chicken and wasn't disappointed. Much better than Pei Wei or Panda. Good to have a local Chinese place that I can go to.
Love this place. Service is always good. Love the breakfast and breakfast sandwiches here. Also the lunches. Bread and bagels are always fresh and the scones ROCK!
if the food wasn't so salty, i'd give it five stars! vegetarian\/vegan mexican restaurant options are so rare. try the fried guacamole!!!
Disappointing. \n\n\nDrinks can taste the powder and waffles are way too thick.\n\n\nNot recommended.
Best place to buy affordable but delicious cakes! Love that they have so many different cultures over there and their desserts always look amazing!!!
OMG!!! THIS is the nest bbq I have ever had. Thought it was just a gas station and car wash. Do not miss this.
Yummy place. 5 course menu is good if you're not on a diet. Price is right and location is near major hotels.
Clean and good selection of food. I'm not a buffet fan, but having the stations manned make me feel like someone is watching out. The food was good.
Mayshawn is awesome! He was patient with me as I was ordering for my drunk friend. Thank you so much beavis you helped me get a friend home safe.
This is my first review on Yelp and I wanted it to be about this bar.  \n\nReally cool,  chill bar.  Old timey jukebox.  Great, cheap, strong drinks.  Definitely recommend.
Thank you Ruby for making me feel comfortable :) Going bald isn't easy but the atmosphere was welcoming.  I'll be back when my hair grows back.
The seats are the most comfortable with lots of room plus the cup\/drink holders are generous!!! Great Theater!!!!
the BEST IndoPak food I've had in ages...the employees and owner are all so friendly. Definitely have to come back here every Vegas trip
Great service, great food and amazing Freshly squeezed OJ. The managers are beyond friendly and go over and beyond for their customers.
Great fresh doughnuts, shakes, hot dogs for the Late night cravings!\n\nThe shakes don't have too much sugar which we liked. Try the hazelnut-chocolate mini donuts .
Love the food very good enjoyed every dish we ordered\nLamb chops,chicken Tikka masala,golgpas,masala dosa,\nGobi manchurian,chicken pakodas,and more dishes we were 12 people.
The food is okay. The rice is really weird.
Horrible service I sent a inquire online about the prices a hours and got no response.
Love this place! They do a great job for a reasonable price. The staff is awesome and the dentist is even better. Great group!
Great service,great food,and the atmosphere is nice. Noise is a little loud but the place was packed. The employees very friendly. I will be back.
Los mejores helados en Las vegas!!, cada semana hay diferentes sabores, tienen un sabor sorpresa! Absolutamente recomendados!!
Amazing, fresh, deliciousness! Good for the soul! Loved it. Simple, quick and not too many choices. Just simple goodness!
Don't go here. Too crowded already. Fun and good food. Gosh what more do you want from a Restaurant?
Super fast and efficient service and they came on Sunday making scheduling really easy. Very satisfied with the work and the price was very reasonable.
Meh.\nToo many places trying to reinvent and reconfigure classics.\nFlavours were fine, ingredients good, service average, price high.\nPrediction: will be gone and forgotten in a couple years.
I tried Nook for the first time yesterday. It was wonderful! The service was great and I loved the persuttio pizza.  I cant wait to go back!
Yummmmmm!!!! Great food.... Slightly dark atmosphere but delishhhhh food! Great for everyone! Lots of veggie dishes as well!
Some interesting dishes a little bit different than the usual thai fare.  Very reasonably priced. Good wine selection and service was solid.
All I will say is wow! You must try this restaurant. We were taken care by the owner, Henry. He was Food was delicious!
Absolutely love this place! Owner Joe is hilarious, people-oriented,  welcoming,  and just down right awesome. Portion sizes are huge,  the food is excellent, service all around fantastic!
Delicious!  try the filet!  Probably the most tender filet I've had. The charcuterie board was great.
Dave was amazing! Drinks stayed full. We laughed, we cried,  we stumbled away very happy. Mmhmm ! Food and drinks 100% on point
Salon is beautiful and always immaculately clean. Staff is friendly and attentive. Great products and choices for mani and pedi!
I love their tofu Pad see eww and Tom Yum soup, great service and clean restaurant!
This library is pretty big and is in a decent building. The staff is super friendly and always willing to help you find whatever you are looking for.
Great food for the price and they will cater to what you want. The service and bartenders are top notch. Love this place
Absolutely fantastic. Will definitely be back to this location. \nVeal was plentiful on the MINI veal sandwich.
Always good food and service ... these folks are always friendly and helpful ... the manager was even helping with the tables
Pretty much the best Portuguese chicken on the Plateau. Not much else to say.
Yo this Guy is fieri's las Restautrant in Vegas. Cool red neck \/ rock a billy \/ future cowboy \/ kid rock decor. Trash can nachos was dope.
Very friendly, fast service.  Prices were quite reasonable and I was happy to support a small, local business.
The best pork tacos I have ever had! They fully satisfied my hunger. As an added bonus, the service is efficient and incredibly friendly. Don't miss out!
Just had Triton come out again to install additional cabinets in our garage. Their professionalism and timeliness is top of the line. Jason, their installer is absolutely the best!
Wonderful egg rolls and roasted pork. They serve the pork with an amazing, spicy sauce ( on the side). The prices are shockingly low!
Lots of fun!! Excellent seafood, reminded me of eating lobster on the east coast with bibs and lots of butter!  Will be coming back!
Amazing food, tremendous service and great happy hour specials. We've become regulars over the past few months and this is now our family's go to spot.
Friendly staff fast service fresh fish. \nBut why oh why do restaurants allow non-service dogs? Is that even legal?
A great place for breakfast!  The blueberry pancakes are so light and tasty!  Incredible!  Will definitely go there again!
Burgers are great! Maybe they should serve alil but more on the fries but all is good !
Great work without the funky \"dry-cleaned\" smell.  Bonus for being next to the Heinen's... two birds and all that.
Atmosphere is fantastic, dinner was exquisite and Jeff was the best!
This store is unique . Smoke accessories and so much more. Alot of dominatrix and fetish stuff as well as stuff for exotic dancers. A fun store all around.
The best Mexican tacos in Vegas! Customer service is what matters!!     Avocados are fresh too ! ;)
The perfect sliders to have. Though the wait is a bit long, you just gotta have patience, cause it will be worth it.
Noodles were good, pretty tasty but quite heavy for soup. A little more salt and fat than I expected.
Awesome people and awesome food. Definitely one of my favorite piazza joints in the valley.
Friendly people working there when I visited.  Decent place, nice decor, well maintained facility.  Me is are very visible.  Good food, Very fresh bread, served up relatively quickly.
This Starbucks is often understaffed and it's terrible for employees since they can't get tips.
This place has the BEST kids meals in South Chandler.  It's cheap, fresh, and yummy
Came here for breakfast hubby got the The Three little piggies omelet and enjoyed it very much. The hash browns are the bomb!
Food is so low quality ... execution also lacking. Very disappointed. It's like a motel brunch .. not what I expected from Bellagio.
I enjoyed the food and atmosphere. It reminded me of being back in Texas. A little pricy but worth it.
Cheese plate was a joke. \"Small\" plates were so unsatisfying. Very disappointed. Service was okay and hostess was accommodating but the food made it a terrible experience.
Started going to this salon because my mother went and said she liked it and I tryed it and never left dissatisfied again.
Ashlynn the bartender was great! So attentive and fun. Drinks on point. I recommend her next time you show. Snow cone margs are different and great. Thank you.
I received a massage from James today and it was fantastic.  He is a very talented therapist and will definitely be returning!
Just alright, the noodles instead of rice doesn't make a difference. I still prefer burrito boys for a fast burrito joint.
Great for hanging out with your vegan and vegetarian friends
Quick in and out. Soda's any size 79¢ always. gas is reasonably priced at this location. kids working the counter are always very polite and eager to help.
Stuffed chicken and blueberry cheesecake mason jar. Enough said. This place is absolutely phenomenal.
I have so much love for this place. The chocolate chip cookies are out of this world.
Cory\/\"Beer Boy\" is on point well done great specials tues\/thurs. Food is always fresh\n-Adam
Great place for authentic tacos! I always get the al pastor, it is packed with flavor! They also have a couple of local beers! In all a great place!
Try deviled eggs, Mac, shrimp & grits, chicken n waffles with watermelon  & hot honey boozy syrup
Always come here for bowling. Service is amazing. Theirs a bar close by and $1 bowling after midnight.
I had been frequenting La shish Kabob. Their lentil soup is homemade perfection, their vegetarian combo a delight, and their pistachio baklava is just amazing.delicious kefta too.
Custom made pizza with unlimited topping for $7.99 only. Great customer service and always warm atmosphere. Keep up the good work.
Great food and drinks if you've got LOTS of time and patience to spare. Slowest and least attentive service ever.
Food was amazing as always. Took cheesecake and leftovers home which were still awesome the next day!!
The food and drinks were amazing, nice clean bar and excellent service, our server Brittany was totally awesome!!!
Really pretty lame. \n\nTheir food has no flavor. Their salsa has no flavor or spice at all. \n\nSuper disappointing.
Very bad service and rude.  Got a haircut I didn't want.  They did not listen to me and told me to leave! Never come back again!
Vintner Grill is Bright, Elegant and the food is fantastic.\nThe service is first class! Put it on your GPS and you won't be disappointed!
Very cute place, loved the vibe here. Ordered a banana split, average flavors, I wasn't blown away or anything. Sweet girls working that gave other local recommendations. Fair prices.
Great pizza, great patio and great service! The pizzas are insanely huge (in the voice of Donald Trump) you wont regret it!
Good curry puffs. Crispy rice salad too salty. Pad Thai a bit greasy. Not planning on returning.
These guys do an amazing job on the hot towel shave !! My husband loved it !! We will definitely be turning soon!!
Some really good street tacos usually get the al pastor and tacos chiwas with frijoles charros
Excellent pizza, casual, located in a venue where you need to find a seat which can be challenging on weekends, but salad and pizza are excellent.
Mary and Daryl are amazing. Super friendly and knowledgable. Perfect place to get local organic meats.
Delicious!  Great atmosphere,  great food, friendly staff\n They grow their own greens!!   Highly recommend a stop here!
very solid Thai food in Las Vegas Chinatown area but I do prefer lotus and komol over chada
Always a quick and great meal.  Avoid the lunch rush!
Just be aware of their technique to get money from you over the phone!!  I lost $300!!!  I never recovered that money.  They are a ripoff company.
The food here is fine, although the portions are ridiculously large. The big problem is the service, which SUCKS, from being seated to paying the bill.
The worst McDonalds ever. Got two sandwiches. A fish and a Big Mac jr. both were room temperature.
Love it!  Where else can you get mexican-chinese-Jamaican fusion?  Jade Red Chicken quesadilla, is always a great choice.
Girlfriend took me here for my birthday. Awesome pizza. A little pricey but well worth it.
Guys were super nice and helpful! Great experience and they are very knowledgable about the wood they have an the origin of it!
Best SNS pink and white application I've ever had! Tom is the best! Clean and relaxing environment quick and quality service! I found my new nail place for sure!!!
Outstanding customer service and smiles from everyone! Thanks again especially Taylor and noelle!
An awesome NYE dinner at DC Steakhouse.  Outstanding staff all around!  Jess was very pleasant and took care of any and all of our needs.  Thank you!
Disappointing. Not much flavour, tuna was tasteless and small portion for the price.
Says there are open till 8:30pm on Saturdays, I came by at 7:00 and they were closed.
A great fusion of Americanized Chinese cuisine with Mexican style.
Nails techs are great! The ladies at the front desk are consistently rude. Taking my money elsewhere.
Nina is amazing. She's always pleasant anytime I come through the drive thru. She's the bomb.
Amazing ... Just delightfully wonderful (-:\nWant to feel good for a couple of hours just pop\nInto \"love\" the whole experience is perfect.
Their donuts are soo good. Their maple bar and original glazed donuts are scrumptious. Made fresh I definitely recommend.
I come here to buy tortillas. They make them like they are supposed to be- large, thin and delicious!
This place was so cute! The waitresses were super friendly and the food was amazing! Try their pecan cinnamon rolls...they are to die for! I will definitely be back!!!
Taking the Ferry to Centre Island was the best experience I had in Toronto. I can't wait to do it again!
I enjoyed my free appetizer and the atmosphere! $6 pitcher mimosas makes a Sunday a fun day!! I will be back!!
Another can't go wrong here. Country boy Breakfast is my favorite. If you go on Saturday ask for  Darrahde. She is the best server!
Do not have their stuff together, very unprofessional... Waited almost a hour in the waiting room and nothing was getting done. Will never go to this fast med again.
I loved this show! The opening was so beautiful that I got a little teary. If you love the Beatles and aren't color blind, you will enjoy this show.
Staff is friendly and courteous.  This place has a good collection of cars, including the latest models.
The staff is great with the kids, friendly, and generally pretty quick. My children never complain about going to the dentist.
Bagel cafe rocks! It has the best service! Super fast and the best orange juice! The food is good and always consistent!
We had a great experience with Psoe and Ant. They were kind, courteous and listened to what we really wanted. Book here!
Best tacos I've had in a long time!!! Felt like I was in Mexico! Great service and great taste!
CHRIST Why didnt I look at YELP before purchasing flowers from this GOD AWFUL Nightmare... They couldnt organise a piss up in a guinness factory...
Great price for pretty good food. Was around the area and didnt want to deal with the strip
serving up gluten free thin crust pizza and sandwich's with the best ingredients, plus great coffee!
Amazing place! Staff are so sweet and make sure you get your dress. I would recommend this place to everyone!
Always get your order wrong. No matter how many times to clarify. Food was cold and disappointing. Go elsewhere.
Really good food with an interesting menu. Good service and an extensive tap beer selection. Really nice patio too!
This is my default Pizza joint.  They do a good job and don't skimp on the toppings.
Great store, fair prices...good customer service.
Great place to spend couple hours. Its free. It has a variety of animals. Limited parking.
I've been having my dog groomed at barking Dogs for several years. Always treated like gold. Friendly, knowledgeable staff and great groomers.
Wow, a this joint has a separate vegan section on their menu. Service is prompt, attentive and the food is amazing. I cannot wait to go back.
This place was nice.  maybe a little pricey but we all had a good time. I recommend it.
Dr Raia was so great and so was the staff at their surgery facility. It was quick and comfortable, with an onsite cafeteria.  The doctor explained everything. Would recommend!
Better burrito than the other Mexican restaurant. Ingredients seem fresher. Worth the extra money for better quality. \n\nGive this place a try.
Sunday brunch potatoes are insanely good. Potato enchiladas, red sauce, guacamole, slaw, pico = heaven
Super nice, the lady did what I wanted but if you want them shorter or a different shape let her know before she didn't ask
Great blended Thai tea with boba! Wish they had a smaller cup size option for bubble tea though. Also kid and baby friendly which is a plus!
Best meal I had in Vegas. Cutest decor, and our server was on point! Next time in town, I will definitely be back!
I picked up lunch  and the bartender Andy was very excellent. He is extremely friendly and makes OTB a place worth going to.
Best shawarma in town. They have great food and great service. Huge servings. They are open late night.
This has to be the worst Starbucks on the planet.  Terrible service, never get an order right, horrible attitudes, and on and on.  Pitiful.
Amazing prices and great work dry cleaning and sewing some repairs, plus customer service from Jarely is the best! Highly recommend them.
they changed the manual and took off  the good stuff. taste is much worse . doesn't worth the price
I am updating this formally negative review to reflect my past experiences and fast response by Pita Jungle management to my negative post and experience.\n\n\n\n\nSincerely JD
Stay away from this firm there so sloooooooooooow and not fair lawyer with no punch please go somewhere else
Excellent food and cozy environment. Pulled pork sandwich and red velvet pancakes are THE BEST.
Great service and good food! The Perogies were delightful and the Caprese Salad was delicious! Definitely worth a stop!
Seriously? Four tiny pieces in the $14 yellow tail ceviche?  Ripp off.
wow there was so much food I didnt know where to start!!! salads, pizza, steak, mexican, chinese.....it never ended!!
I  can honestly say Daphne's cupcakes are the best I've ever had! I've also had some of their day old goods and they taste incredibly fresh as well.
Had a delicious lunch. Lots of food choices available. \nGreat place to hang out after work with your barkada!
Something for everyone. All food is good quality. Greek choices but the fish is some of the best in Charlotte. Very fast friendly table service. They have Cheerwine!
Nice place cheap food service was ok there shakes are the best thing they have but the prices are really good a must stop at that's for sure
Great taqueria!  Great service!  Great price!  AMAZING salsa! delicious chorizo!  Just wish they had Guac.  They never get mad at us from bringing our own though :)
really feels authentic and the shop is quaint\n\nit would be SO much more popular if in a better location!
Service still very slow in the bar area but the servers are very nice and helpful
Nice atmosphere and excellent food! Try anything on the menu, can't go wrong....I'm from Florida, but I'll be back on my next trip!
This place is so great the popsicles are insanely good everything is all natural., we catch them everytime at the farmers market., great job guys
Upscale  dining. Excellent service, great wine and good quality food. Highly recommend!
Delicious original and unique. Great atmosphere and service. Wife is vegan, I am not. We were both happy. Will definitely return.
Food was great. Can't beat that crust or the homemade sausage. Owner friendly,knowledgeable, and has a great new haircut!
Hidden gem. Great taste, quantity and value. Owner is very friendly. Jerk meal comes with rice and vegetable mix. Soup is very tasty too.
My favourite club in the city. Really respectful bouncers. Cute coat check girls and hot music. Always down to go to datcha.
Food is OK, pretty good pub fare, although nothing is healthy.\n\nGreat place to have  a beer with friends though.
Starbucks coffee, amazing chocolate croissants.  Absolutely to die for.  Deli options as well. Did not try them but they looked very fresh.
This place used to be awesome. Not anymore. Awful slow service, messed up orders, and leaving without even getting half of what we ordered. Don't go there.
Yummy! Super affordable, friendly, & delicious. It's our family's favorite place to go for gyros!
Delicious food! Love the coconut shrimp and free garlic breadsticks. But the prices are a little steep
Ordered in for a meeting and had a great response form our guests. Will do again soon.
My favorite Pizza Place! TheFood is fresh and delicious, the Staff is always helpful and friendly. I haven't ordered anything yet that didn't exceed my expectations.
Pizza quality is great I like the different combinations ... Really get the stone oven taste you should expect . Only complaint I have is that it's overpriced
Went back and the food is good and the pricing is decent.  Oscar is a great cook and made up for the groupon incident
Dr Bigler and his staff have been wonderful. I've been a patient for 2 years and have excellent service. I would highly recommend this doctor to anyone
They've helped me complete 2 home buying transactions. Phil and Nick are the best! I plan on using Go Sold's services for all of my real estate needs.
Great food and service. The prices are definitely fair given the area. Would recommend.
Très bonne surprise. La cuisine est excellente. Je ne connaissait pas la cuisine péruvienne mais ça m'a donné envie de tester d'autres resto du même genre :)
Very great ice cream so many choices to choose from and it just taste great I would recommend. The music is very quiet so it is a good atmosphere.
great buffet lots of food choices and the ice cream was delicious .i will definitely be back
Beautiful little cafe great desserts bread and coffee nice employees.Love this little cafe if u are close you should totally stop for a coffee break 10\/10 recommend
Just had lunch here- great service and very fast at making our food!! There is always a like here and they always are speedy quick!!!
Great food and service. Could be really spicy so be aware. We had a blast here . I like the Cantonese sausage.
Do not dine in.  Their focus is takeout and does not care about dine in customers. Sat around for 30 minutes on a stool waiting for a chirashi.
The fruit smoothies are really refreshing when it's 100 degrees. I'd recommend the wild watermelon b\/c this is truly there best smoothie.
The beef and duck are splendid. Green tea dessert and tapioca quite good. Very good service. Pricey.
don't come here. the margaritas are watered down & undrinkable. squishy tacos & loud music. worst meal I've ever had and I'm not picky
Lovely people. Had a little nice talk with the owner, very gentle man. Clean place, good food, excellent service.
Patrick showed up on time and did a fabulous job steam cleaning and conditioning my carpets!   Thanks!
Satisfying meal.  I had halibut & chips.  Very tasty and the fries were simple & straight forward good. Friendly owners.  Will definitely head back.
Under new management.  The menu, service, price and vibe are not good. Three bad experiences over past month.
Delicious!!  The bacon burger was amazing! Also loved the hand cut fries. We will be back!
Dr. Pervaiz is knowledgeable and professional. He is now my primary care physician. His staff at the Rainbow office is pleasant:
BEST Donut shop.  Nothing fancy just good donuts! Definitely our go to spot even though its well out of the way.
Really great food! Mango sticky rice was amazing for dessert. Quiet atmosphere, very intimate. Service was good. Will most definitely return!
Food was great. Service was pretty slow! Took about 15-20min to receive drink refills after asking for one! Maybe it was just an overwhelming busy night. Will go back!
Amazing Italian.  Don't let the location or front trick you. The food is delicious and the service impeccable. Try the bolonese or chicken parm!!!\nLet's keep this one in business
Love this place, cool, hip, lots of downtown folks in there for lunch. It mellows out for dinner. Really outstanding food. I recommend it!
I love lou's dinner.  Best food.  Not a great atmosphere but good food.
Out of site food! I could seriously eat myself silly on there soup dumplings! I would eat there every week if I were closer! Love it!
Good pizza and when I was there the smoker was firing up some authentic smelling barbecue.  Partial to my Chicago Pie, and NY preference, but this is good stuff.
Tacos are delicious but I have probably come here at least 7 times. 3 tacos = 30 minutes. For the love of God, learn to cook faster.
Amazing food! If you want true Italian from back east this is your place! Homemade everything.  We had appetizers and entrees and they were so great.
Go about 1250 feet south and you'll find a Roberto's that is miles better.
New place in Chandler, all the food is great.  Huge patio with fire pits.  Try the Pad Thai.  The drinks are good and the decor is modern.
Have been coming here for years... Manju assists me every time... learned my lesson going somewhere else, and now I'm back! She knows what she's doing!
Great breakfast.  Pancakes are super rich, good luck finishing them.  The jumpot could use more meat but overall fantastic. Highly recommend.
Just had another fantastic sushi dinner at Tokyo lobby! Just super fresh and delicious everytime we go!
Awesome shop. I always leave with a great cut! Been here twice since I moved to Phoenix and every time Daniel comes through.
Been coming here since it had its original location. Love the jade red chicken quesadilla!
Worst Mojito ever and $14!\nOrdered nachos with Jamaican jerk chicken too. Sounded great but they were not!
My favorite place for happy hour!!!  The brussel sprout nachos are THE BEST..and pretty much everything else on the menu.  I also love the margaritas served in coconuts!
Really good. Had garlic shrimp and chicken katsu. We really liked it. Haven't eaten much Hawaiian food before but I will now.
This place serves breakfast and lunch only..pretty big portion for the price...service is on par...has outdoor seating too
Definitely not a 4 stars on yelp. The food here was ok. I do not recommend this restaurant and will not be coming back.
Pretty good food, service was a little slow, but we enjoyed the meals.
Complete nightmare RUN!!!!! If your not there to buy something call sprints 1800 number they can help you. Save yourself several hours of frustration.
There aren't as many options as I hoped. Food is good, not the best vegan food I've had, but good!
Came here first time with my family. The service was good and the food was great. The problem was that the portion was small.
You won't find a bett burger in Cleveland.  Monday and Weds are wing nights and they are great.  A noisy bar atmosphere great for watching games
Great service and great food!  The servers are accommodating and friendly and attentive. 5 stars. Especially the girl with the dark glasses.
WOW!  Amazing!  I love my nails!\nI will fly to Arizona to get my fills done, that's how awesome they are!
Its all about the experience! Ask for Kris. She is the best! Don't forget to treat her well if she makes your night.
Everything was amazing except chicken satay was a little dry. Curries were amazing as was the pineapple fried rice. We will definitely return! Great little find.
The food was great, staff was attentive. Great location and trustworthy instead of trying a bunch of new places in vegas.
Great service and a good place to grab a quick post-workout meal after killing it in the gym.
Best dog grooming salon\/school in the valley. Reasonable prices and where your beloved family members are pampered to the Nth degree.
First time visiting. Food was all very good. The fresh guacamole was amazing. Love the atmosphere. Will be back again.
Love this place, always come for some cacahuates con pepino, and OMG there so delicious. Keep up the good customer service.
Delicious!! The chef Armando is amazing! We loved everything we tried, his suggestions were perfect! \n\nWe will definitely be back! \n\nReally nice staff and clean nice place.
Took my sister here for her 13th birthday, she had a great time, service was very fast and the food was very fresh. Excellent AYCE!
Stayed for two weeks with my work crew of 4 everybody got bed bug bites. This place sucks
Great food, horrible service.. they rush you...and food came out at all different times...go to Black Kettle Kitchen in Phoenix
Flavorful, complexly satisfying Tex-Mex. Try the enchilada sampler and 3 tacos on a date and share with each other (enough leftovers for another entire email). Superb!
Charged me with 2 diagnostic fees without diagnosis and told me to come back after a week. I felt robbed. Will never recommend this place.
Great selection and availability. Clark is so knowledgeable and helpful. Highly recommend!
Arizona Florist's is top shelf!  Received many floral arrangements over the years but the Mother's Day lilac's can only be described in one word: GORGEOUS!
For $5.95 , i got served freshly made dish with fresh vegetable. ( lunch special)  Food quality is excellent.
They're the best! Nothing more needs to be said. I will 100% never turn down Chino! Jade red chicken quesadila all the way!!!
Lots of things you didn't think you needed.  The Manager, Amy, and her staff are very knowledgeable, friendly and helpful.
Always great. Fantastic service. They are fast, nice and friendly.\n\nChile rellano was super! Batter is fluffy. \n\nI love the margaritas.\n\nWe will be back!!!
All I can say is bad food, there is no such a Indian flavor taste waste of money\nDon't spend ur money
Food was very good.  The bar selection was poor and the staff rushed us the entire meal and were fairly pretentious.
An older gentleman that works here named Andrew, is the model employee for any fast food. Energetic, polite, fast, and efficient. Always a pleasure dealing with him.
Great, Professional service!\n\nEasy to setup, they came out, communicated and fixed the chip in a bus windshield..\n\nNo up sell, no BS..\n\nrefreshing for Vegas!
Wonderful meal and service!  My only complaint was the noise level.  For folks with a hearing loss, the music completely drowned out conversation.
NO wifi, average coffee at best. I dont get all the complements on this place. Was not thrilled with it at all.
Delicious! Had the Calabrese pizza and mixed green salad with lemon vinegarette. Can't wait to come back!
Dr. Stephen is very friendly and caring. I bring my daughter here regularly for her checkups and shots. Her staff are also very polite and accommodating with your schedule.
This is one of my favorite restaurants.  The food is always good.  Haven't found anything on the menu I didn't like.
Not a bad lunch place. Pita was filling and the soda machine has tons of options. I would go again.
Went in to have the Buffet, and ended up getting the Hot Pot! WOW what a treat. Fair price, Fair service.
Great lunch spot if you work downtown. Sirloin street tacos were excellent - a pleasant surprise on a menu that's not focused on Latin fare.
Extremely impressed with the quality of service, and variety of candy and soda's.
Clean rooms.\nFree coffee and tea 24 hours.\nFree cookies.\nFree apple and oranges.\nReasonable room rates.\nWe are glad we stayed here.
Thank you Al again for the excellent service and very low price to replace my radiator.  Can't say enough how trustworthy this company is for a mechanical work.
Cool place to hang out if you want to get away from the crazy & loud party scene.  Very relaxing
Absolutely love this place been coming here for 10 plus years.  Staff nice and prices very reasonable.  Give them\nA try, don't know what's up with some of these reviews...
35$ to develop one 24pictures 35mm film what a joke where do u guys send the film ????
Really good sushi and drinks, came here during CES, service is great will definitely come back.
Nice concept but even with extra sauce my meal was a bit dry.  Too much rice and not enough of everything else.
Super ambiance, drinks délicieux, plats d'une fraicheur exceptionnelle. Mention spéciale à la salade de kale et aux moules!! Un petit trésor de resto dans la Petite Patrie.
These people were actually quite rude to us when we were customers. Literally treated us like thieves when we came in to transfer a phone to another.
Awesome food! Definitely highly recommended! You wantgood portions,  them come here!!
The food was amazing very fresh and Delish the restaurant is very clean and modern will be coming back again
good middle eastern food, especially the raw kibble!
Besides the staff being dicks and the high prices for admission--it was pretty fun. Personally, I think Drai's is better.
What a cute little place.  I had a wonderful lunch here.  Prices are average and the waitresses were  great.  Can't wait to visit AZ again to go back.
Horrible hostess.  Did not even stay to eat!  For the prices of dinner, I would go next door.
Arnica and health foods....all they need is an absinthe bar and they'd be perfect.
Food was cooked to perfection and tasted amazing. The atmosphere was beautiful. The service was decent. I'd definitely eat there.
One of the best burgers I've ever had and very well priced. I got the tortilla burger and is was delicious especially with there tortilla soup!
Very professional service, and wonderful job. Kurt had the best price, best time, and did a fantastic job.
Two pull helping on drive thu and manager seating eating wow 5 ppl waiting in lobby for food and no food yet
Location & atmosphere! The Brussels sprouts and the pork belly bowls are delish. Super tiny in there though so always a short wait.
The bellini I ordered was a great price and actually quite delicious.\n\nThe service was awkward from the hostess to the bill payment. Not rude or anything, just awkward.
This is the best place that I have been in Calgary. Exceptional quality for the price and ambience. Not only the food looks good, they taste good too!
Great atmosphere! Was a band on the Saturday night we were there that was excellent! The beers were wonderful as well, would be back!
The best pizza ever. I've tried the Giuseppe Margarita, Archangel Michael and the regular pie. All are outstanding.
They were actually charging extra for using visa lol, I heard hey stopped that now.  Why so cheap???  You are an high end store, with jacked up prices already.
Well located within this busy side of the mall,\ngood to get in and out of without any hassle.
I've had several haircuts with Jaime and she's been consistent every time. She listened to what I wanted and never disappoints. The atmosphere is nice as well.
Staff were very helpful explaining the intricacies of the dishes.  Overall a bit overpriced for the quality.
Took my grandson and his girlfriend here for a birthday lunch and couldn't have been more pleased, the food was excellent and our hibachi chef was great !
I was so excited to try Carolina's after all the great reviews.  Prices are average, and food is OK.  Nothing special.  I had the chicken enchiladas.
Happy hour tacos are $2 and quesadilla was 4\n$4. Really yummy guac too it's a loud fun atmosphere on mill but fun for a week night!
Staff was friendly. Quick oil change.\nWash room needed attending.\nPrice is average, 35 plus taxes... Used to be 30.\nFree car wash was nice.
Great show. There's lots of audience interactions. I love shows with audience participation. The show last for 1.5 hours. You get your money worth.
Not great by any means - your mediocre Italian food with a super inflated price tag...
Will give this a 4****\nThe good was good, the ambience was okay.\nThe time taken to prepare was a little longer
Amazing food! And very filling! First place I looked up when I arrived in town for vegan food. They had reasonable prices and very friendly service. Will be back.
I would not trust my dress shirts and pants with anyone else in town. Susanna is simply the best. Hands down.
Pricey but tasty ! Recommend for the rich and famous only or the poor but naive like us : excellent shaking beef and lemongrass chicken!
This no longer exists it has been replaced by Omega Coney Island.
Good coffee, selection, and pricing. I  am a tea drinker and they have most of what I need. \n\nthey are good for booking for small events!
Very nice new place. Awesome craft beer selection, music and TVs.  Such a sweet staff.  Thank you Ruta for telling me to swing by!  Great find.
I love this little place. The gluten free blueberry scone and pumpkin bread are delicious. The staff is so nice. I'll be back!
Came in from out if town  today (Monday) and was surprised and disappointed to find them closed w a sign saying closed on Mondays until fall.
The Reuben!!! If you go here you have to try the Reuben. I had a hankering and they fulfilled it! Really modern setting and they have noble mission.
Amazing breakfast with friendly service and large portions.  Fresh food and great atmosphere!
Best BBQ place in Phoenix by far. Would love to see them grow! Small building, small parking area, always a wait, but DEFINITELY WORTH IT!!
I'm a longtime Patron who lives up the street from this location, but over the years this place has gone to the dogs, even the pizzas is lousy now.
Love Mary at Eye Love! Takes the time to sculpt my brows to a shape that is right for me. Don't trust those brows just anywhere!
Staff very funky! Music is fun to dance to. Lots of people. I like! \n\nSo happy Canada is open to drugs! I love!
Lovely consignment store! Everything was so organized and clean, and the staff was super helpful and friendly. Lots to choose from!
Loved the kosher department. Also, got a burger and fries from there, which tasted great
Pretty good place that is very close to where I live. Eat before you come If possible.
Very slow service! Waitress has too many tables to handle and service suffers. Parts of the order was missing, staff is disorganized. Overall under-staffed.
Authentic tasting spring rolls and pho with fresh noodles.  Super friendly staff, very helpful and explained a lot. Thai iced tea was amazing!
Drug test your employees\/Owner... ordered to go\/Take Out,  came to hotel to eat, ,. WTH all orders were Wrong.  FuK yu  NOT COMING BACK
If you are a matcha lover like I am, you will love this place. Hands down, MCM has the best Matcha soft serve in Vegas. Delish!
Absolutely love this park.  So many different players and long walking trails.  It's beautiful and clean with a Small splash pad
Awesome grassy dog park! Small and large dog areas, restroom for humans. Scout had a blast.
Very nice diner.  Great food and service.  It can get busy on the weekends so come early.
Goran was amazing. Comes whenever you are available and is quick and efficient. Prices were great, service was great, definitely would use Aces High again!
I haven't had every quesadilla in town but I find it hard to believe that there is one that's better than the All Thai'd Up.
Basic clean rooms\/suites with prices. Heated pool throughout year. Good breakfast provided complimentary in mornings.
Great location, great buffet, great food and great service.you just can't go wrong dining at the palace station feast buffet.
Its a plus thats its close to where I live, but the fruit crepes are delicious!! Worth trying. Im hooked with the strawberry banana with nutella and powdered sugar.
I think this restaurant doesn't need words. Look at the photos and decide for yourself if you can afford to miss it. Orgasmic desserts heaven!!!!!
Great food, great service.  Love the Deep fried Dill Pickles, and the Parmesan Wings!  Bonus points for being within stumbling distance to home.
This place has the best atmosphere and has some incredible red Brats that I've never had before which were awesome!!!!!
Very relaxing, Anna was great. If u like Anthony Vince, try This place. Much quieter, my gel mani was great.
I had the pumpkin chicken curry. Very good. Very fast service quite a large place.\nRemember Cash Only
Cool spot to play some pinball and they have a few other style arcade games. They also have air hockey.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVED IT!  WHAT FUN :)  Enjoyed the interactive aspect, the actors were a joy, the whole exhibit was GREAT!  Totally worth the cost.  SUPER FUN!
Beautiful. Lots of natural light with high ceilings. Yummy vegan brunch options. Just ask :)
Had a great dinner here with my family! The pozole was excellent! The service was great - very attentive and welcoming. Thank you Esteban! Definitely plan on coming back!
Nails with Love is an amazing nail salon! I always schedule my appointments with Nessie, she is amazing!
Tidy and spacious inside. Food is good and waiter was sweet. Good prices and convinent hours. Would come again .
Oysters were great (and cheap on Mondays) and I surprisingly loved their curry, great flavours and great beers too.
This review has been removed by the reviewer.
I had a massage with kathy, one of the therapists at this diamond in the rough.  The overall experience was very pleasant and relaxing. Will definitely go back again.
I ate a chicken burrito 2 hours ago and I'm still thinking about how amazing it was.
Tea Masion Jars are delicious! The owner has wonderful customer service! There's no other place around town like Tea Fusion!
It's was fabulous. My tax lady Robin Ford was very nice and helpful! I will go again next year!
The banana pancakes are OFF THE HOOK!!!  Maple syrup was warm and think. The OJ had pulp but that's just a personal thing. Either way it tasted freshly squeezed!!!
Delicious desserts. Vegan and flavorful. Sample as many as you like and the customer service was great. Wish we had one in Winston Salem.
Food is delicious. Every plate was elevated. Im not a dessert guy but the French Toast is a must have. Ono fried chicken was sooo good
Great service, a pleasure to do business with.\nHighly recommend this dealership. The staff is very professional and accommodating.
Love the burgers!!! Brought myself and my bf family from out of town and they love this place :) something different from others.
Best ribs I've ever had.  I love the honey BBQ sauce.  Homey and clean atmosphere. Everyone is friendly and attentive.
Amazing food and awesome happy hour. If you're looking for somewhere relaxed and trying to have a fun time with some good foo, this is your place !
Salsa is AMAZING! Micheladas are a must try. Service was great. Will be coming back next time I'm in Vegas.
I only ever get the chorizo breakfast burrito with green sauce and it never disappoints.
Slow people working their counter, terrible customer service skills all around. \n\nI'm not sure what else i can say that most have not covered.
Made an appointment. Didn't have to wait. Private room for my friend and I. Jay was great. Hot stones and oil are a must. Thank you!
Extended family and I have been using David's services for over 15 years and he's always reliable, prompt, and provides great service.
Great atmosphere! Erin on the second floor the best waitress!!! Maegan on the rooftop is a slacker.
We went to Steak 44 on a Saturday night and Cameron helped us with our car service. He was super friendly! Thank you Cameron for your amazing customer service
They get me in and out, and looking good. I've always been treated kindly. They have my style on file and give consistently good results.
Beautiful shoping experience in this architectural wonder! A definite Las Vegas must is to take a stroll along the Canal Shops.
Awesome salon.  Awesome people.  Loved every aspect of what we received.  Great value for the services we received.
$16 for one drink.... enough said... I'm all for a good time, but man! What a rip off!
Exceptional visual neons cover this one in a million PEPERMILL restuarant bar stylized in the fashion of the movie Carlitos Way .
way expensive but great food service was lousy amazing desserts
Love their appetizers, especially their pretzel cheese fondue. I prefer culinary dropout over this place.
Has some of the best customer service and the freshest chicken shawarma salad I've ever had!
Pretty much the best Chinese food you can get.  Not only is the price very affordable, the flavor and freshness is AMAZING!  Highly recommend.
This place is the BOMB when it comes to getting an authentic bagel & smear.  Yummy!  I hit it a few times a month.
Love Greek Pita. We rarely go a week without getting take out. Highly recommend their steak kabab plate. Delicious!
This place is the best burger joint I have ever been to if you are looking for fast greasy food that is a great price and amazing!
Great atmosphere. Fresh poke bowls. The staff is always friendly. Food is delicious and yummy.
You get what you pay for here.  For $2.50 per garment, you'll get your clothes dry-cleaned, but you could pay more elsewhere for a better pressing with fewer wrinkles.
Great neighborhood bar with great food !!! Feels like home !!!!  \n\nBrunch is on Saturdays and Sundays till 2:30. \nKitchen is open 4 to midnight.
Probably the worst airport bar I have ever been to. Next time i will buy something at the duty free store and drink it from the bag hobo style.
They have the best bagels. I really mean this,  you can not get the same bagels in California.
Bland food combined with large portions does not work for me. OK. atmosphere. Consider healthier food please!
Really good NY style. Down to earth prices. Best lunch special in town. 2 slices and a drink for $3.50
Tres bon sushi mais service lent lors de commande telephonique.  Serait interessant de voir un menu a volonte.
This is our favorite coffee place! I usually get a medium or large iced coffee with soy. The iced coffee is fantastic! Especially on a hot summer day.
Beautiful views, great service and the food was excellent! The sliders were amazing! Good happy hour as well
Amazing! Better than panda. Great customer service! Amazing food. Clean restaurant! We will definitely be back.
Excellent work, very professional and honored his quote when he saw that it required a little more work. I would definitely recommend this company.
Loved Tokyo Express when I used to visit my brother.  I ate there a lot.  We need them in Atlanta.
Great job done in a timely manor for a fair price. Need your carpets cleaned? Try carpet monkeys.
Stayed there for STWM. They just renovated the rooms and everything was new. Great experience. Great customer service. Nice view of the city.
Literally 5 stars because of Pete.\n\nHe is entertaining, courteous, and is a great waiter!!
Not a bad bar. Servers were nice, attentive, and attractive. Came in around 7 on thursday and wasnt packed so had plenty of attention and a great time.
Lots of choices and unlimited wine and beer. They had American, Latin, Italian, Asian cuisines. Would be good if they added Indian next.
Overall great experience fast shuttle pick up and just a few minutes after parking my car. The driver was nice friendly. I will definitely use them again.
Come for the great dogs, stay for the conversation. Sidewalk socialite and local philanthropist, Vic will definitely put a smile on your face :).
Pretty good burger, a little pricey but that's what you expect. Not dying to go back, but will eventually.
Vegan butter chicken schnitzel sandwich with mango jalapeño slaw and chimichurri sauce: it sounds confusing, but it makes sense in your mouth. Thanks for the totally delicious lunch! :D
Ken was AWESOME! Definitely recommend anyone to come check out. He got our complete house done at an amazing price. AND THEY DELIVER! Best spot in town!
This is actually a super classy  Arby's. Not joking. Very clean, really pleasant inside, and friendly service. Rock on, Arby's of champaign!
YUM! Thats all I really have to say. Great local bakery to drop in and grab some sweet treats. Only complaint is too many cupcake flavours to choose from!
The service was excellent, the staff was friendly and attentive. The sandwich was huge and was really good but the French fries were below average.
The Best pizza in Las Vegas! Thank you for serving real pizza with love!
Really good food and even better, a good value! The presentations are great...the vibe is quiet and friendly. Go!
Pho soup is deelish!!! So are the fresh rolls.  Their rice is so yummy too!  My go to for Pho!!!
Great service and really helped me with my tension. Very friendly staff and set-up process.
Great atmosphere, excellent food, friendly staff. Downtown lunch favorite. I always get the roast beef sammich
We came in big group they were closed. Anna saved the day. Took care everything. Excellent!
Totally messed up my drink order after I waited for it forever.
Everything it's great , lot of activities , good food , clean , and warm people
Healthy options and great owner always willing to go the extra mile.
Great attention to detail.  Friendly personality and makes you feel very comfortable right away. Cute studio too!
Went in today and had some questions about supplements. The gals were very friendly and helped me make the right selection- will be back for more! Thank you!
An ideal place for an unmemorable meal. \n\nFriendly, quick, clean, inexpensive and uninspired.
Fish tacos were bomb. I enjoyed the club atom sphere at night. If go back if I was ever in Phoenix...
The customer service here is very poor. Trying wish they would get better management and better employees. This business has lots of potential but unfortunately is run very poorly.
Beautiful arrangement at a great price. My wife was very surprised and impressed!  Fast, friendly service. I'll definitely use Studio Floral again.
Great variety of items and easy parking. Friendly staff.
Amazing breakfast. Eggs, sausage, banana, orange and strawberry. Toasts. Filled with enegry and good mood for the rest of the day.
This place is dirty, dirty. Dirty. Can't wait to check out.  Ghetto outside.  Difficult to get to off the highway at night.
Good basic meal of sandwich and fries. The sandwiches are creative. You can also customize your own. Love the Kent State grad sandwich names.
Food & decor was amazing. WILL Be Returning AND Updating My Review Once I give it A few more tries.
Some of the best pizza outside of NYC.  Nice little place in a strip mall.  People are friendly.  Great food.
Excellent bistro français. Bon service, carte intéressante, menu du jour variable. Belle carte des vins. Ateliers de dégustation de vin offerts.
Great crêpes. Really liked the desert honey with almonds. \nProbably one of the most \"Portland\" type vibes anywhere in Tempe. Very trendy.
Really good experience!! I recommend them for alignment!! \nJoe Kent was very nice!! \nGreat price! Quick service!! And a great job!!
This place is great I always feel fabulous after I'm done getting my car washed. They are quick and my car comes out like new. Love this place!!!
Surprisingly, they make one of the best burgers around. Exceptional cheesecake as well. The Bang-Bang Chicken and Shrimp is superb!
They have an amazing Sunday buffet, the food is amazingly good! I highly recommend coming here for Mexican food. Let's not forget the watermelon margaritas blended are always great!
I loved it! This place is so beautiful decor is beyond expectations. Amazing service! everyone was so nice.
Definitely a local spot, tasty food quick service,  great prices. Bottomless cups of coffee.
Over priced. Burgers are good, not great, nothing special. Had the sweet potato fries as a side and they were pretty good.
The customer service was outstanding. The food was mediocre... But my mother in law loves going here so I had to try it myself.
I've always loved this place. We never drink alcohol, just come for late night conversation and great bar food!
Really really fresh and tasty. Try the Singapore noodles and say hi to the friendly staff. \n\nHybrid fast food \/ sit down kind of vibe in smallish digs.
California club is fresh and delicious and the reuben is stacked.  Jason's Deli is a favorite of ours in CA and TX.
The quality of service and attention to patient needs is fantastic. Dr. Sandness-Johnson knows her stuff!
The hot and spicy noodle soup is amazing! The service is really good also. I have been a few times and I've never been disappointed. Love it!
Thus far, I have had nothing but a pleasant experience at this Home Depot! Friendly employees and they offer military and I believe veterans discounts.
One of my favorite smoothie places with some of the best staff. Vegan Pineapple Spinach smoothie is amazing and delicious!!
A must try. The place is clean, we had a great server who was very helpful & attentive. The food portions are amazing & everything has a homemade taste.
Customer service and food are 5 stars for me! Refillable thai teas on top of that!!! Will definitely be back again!
Authentic Mexican, a bit bland for some veggie options but adding Salsa makes it delicious.
Food was excellent but it's crazy expensive. Worth it to try once at least! They had a rose pistachio scone that was really good too.
Never had a bad meal. The staff are well trained and even seem to be having fun while working. Great job!
Phenomenal food!! Had the beef ribs and it was cooked and seasoned to perfection!!! Really glad we found this place
Little Miss is da bomb baby!! Each and every item on the menu is delicious!! Brisket, turkey and cheddar jalapeño grits......oh my!!
Where can I begin...the food was absolutely amazing. Our waiter was awesome and he really took care of us. I will be going back.
Food was pretty good. My favorite was the table side guacamole. Defiantly better than Roberto's
Everything I've had here has been very good! The chocolate cakes was amazing.. Great choice of macarons and good price. The quiches are also delicious!
Incredible brisket. Best in city. Better than barque. Great outer crust. So juicy and tender inside.  it's sweet meat ! The potato salad was great as well
We selected The Main Ingredient from YELP and were very satisfied. Good pub food created with imagination and served by attentive staff, promptly.
Excellent customer service, and ultra quick service. Ask for John Dix. He's got decades of experience, and is a pleasure to deal with.
Hadn't been here since last year but going back yesterday reminded how great their smoothies are! They have options for EVERYONE (literally) and at a great price too!
Cornbread pankcakes ! Amazing !!!! Pretty quick service. If you check in you get a free appetizer. Good for any age.
Such a cute little place to get a great pastrami sandwich. Always welcoming staff never once had a problem here
After spending $3,000 in repair costs, some follow-up was required. Tony did a fabulous job at following through to my complete satisfaction.
Urban Beans is great! \n\nThe best place in DTPHX for a Matcha Green Tea Smoothie. Plus, they Belly which gives you frequent buyer perks :) \n\nBelly:  https:\/\/getbelly.com\/
Outstanding service and selection. From the moment we walked in we were treated with stellar customer service. Seriously you can't go wrong here! Huge selection!!! Very impressed!
Sarkis fixed my necklace in less than a minute. Such a lovely man, and I love this place for all my jewelry fixes!!!!
Fun atmosphere, especially when they have music on the patio... A great new place to go out to in the city.
Dr Roderick and his team are wonderful! Super timely, very efficient and so kind. I just switched to this practice last week and thrilled I did!
A 30 minutes wait for the shuttle due to long lines. Ridiculous set up. Each rental car company should have its own shuttle. Extremely inconvenient.
Right Toyota- Does it RIGHT!  Recent car repair service; no problems, fairly priced and no BIG sales push! Thanks!
Excellent food and stellar service. Great menu selection. It's a gem! Busy during snowbird season.
We had to run in here quick but everything we got was delish!! Would come back when we have more time :)
Great service.  Their spicy margarita is awesome. Had the fried oysters, pork belly, and burgers. Nice meat selection.
Their service is perfect. The matcha green latte was excellent, and the savory crepe was one of the best I've ever had!
Great food and service by owner Shelly and her crew! Clean and oh so tasty. Just like being home in Costa Mesa!!
Gay bar....clean smells great, lots of parking and safer walking distance to hawk and Days Inn Bartender is friendly mixed age group...Dinner next door and nicer restaurants close by
I love Flo Yoga & Cycle! Great classes and great people. The instructors are always so helpful with poses and proper form. Great place!
Great food, quick, friendly and clean! Been looking for a good Chinese restaurant close to us and we feel we finally found it.
Exceptional doctors that are extremely personable and take plenty of time to discuss your issues... Highly recommend Family Practice Specialists!
Very efficient service! Charlie is a sweetheart. Will def be sending people there way. Plus they service German cars!
Great selection of  quality bagels and spreads.\nSweets look good too, can't wait to try them
This location is always my store of Choice. It's very clean inside and outside of the building and the people are super friendly here!
Great Risotto selection and always changing specials with unique recipes!
This guy has to be one of the best barbers in Las Vegas. I've been using him for over a year and I won't go anywhere else.
There aren't many Shawarma places in Markham. Bless the owner for opening one up! The food here is tasty, healthy and authentic!
UkI sn\nJBoumt of London plopphlll\nT.!~?€{ needle\nLoo~~~is noc tr academygth  gone---, And mark:
Cozy, small town cafe feeling. Lovely decor and pleasant background music. I had the Choco-walnut cookie and an iced mocha. Will definitely be back!
Always the best looking people . great DJ\"S . drinks. bikini's . location. This place delivers
Mongolian beef and pineapple seafood rice is great. Crab rangoons are light and tasty. Food comes out fast. Give it a try!
Excellent customer service excellence and  a great price! I highly recommend anybody that wants to look sharp and do it at a great value!
Thai Iced Tea, Pad-Thai & Chicken Satay.  A trifecta of flavor goodness.  A great place to go for lunch because its right in the heart of downtown Phoenix.  Yay!
Really surprised to find Vietnamese food here, but it was really good.  Look forward to coming back
Waited 2 hours for food.. not even entrees... and we had a private room.. I guess we weren't important..
Not enough servers....waiting for 40 minutes....server was told,  I know he's busy.  Cone on I told u 3 times I need service and still none.  Really?
Ice-cream and baked goods. Love. Fantastic baked goods, fresh and home-made with love
this office consistently overcharged and DOES not check with the insurance plan prior to procedure be cautious using this office
This guy knows his stuff. Helped me to determine whether or not to actually fix the tv or just buy a new one. A real straight shooter
During Ramadan you can come here between 8:30-10:30 to eat buffet style to break your fast. Sadly I found out on the last day. And it's for anyone! $14!!!
Very good wings however very over priced for food and drinks. Would go back again for the wings, but going elsewhere to drink.
Absolutely amazing !! Food was fresh, and tasty....staff was awesome and made great suggestions.....I definitely will come back here !
今回はSamsung Gear S2 4G版をプリペイド契約で可能かを聞きに行ってきましたが、結局はダメとのことで諦めて退散。でもプリペイドsim自体は維持しているので、今後もブルーバードモールに行った際には立ち寄って店内を覗いてこようと思います。
Dirty dirty dirty. Nice but unhelpful staff. Regret staying here. Wifi is free but the signal is incredibly weak. No wonder its free.
Excellent experience with personable, attentive and friendly personnel! Also, great selection of quality home goods, apparel, and accessories! Highly recommend this store.
Liz was Awesome as usual!!  Prime Rib is the best in town.  Thanks to Blair for getting us the big table by the TV.
best price coffee in the ny ny and it is pretty darn good as well. and they alos have huge azz donuts.
So happy with my fountain view room at the Bellagio, I could watch them all day!\n\nAbsolutely beautiful
We totally lucked out finding this gem.  Best food, great selection of food, super suggestions and help.
You Gotta visit this little gem!  The food is great, the ambiance is cute and the service is always with genuine hospitality!  I'm gonna be a regular at Ava's!
Waited 1.5 hrs on a sat, was well worth it! Brisket and sausage were the best I have had!
Good food.  Served pretty quick.  The food was served hot.  Josie did a good job.  Very attentive to senior citizens.
Definitely coming here again and trying different things on their menu. Their Tres Leches is exactly what everyone on Yelp claimed to be- freakndelicious!
Amazing facilities!\nTrain ride is cute and realistic.\nMy son loves to go to school and take a ride on the train when he gets good grades.
Small bakery and cafe shop ... nice to get away from the normal and try something different. Customer service is okay and overall I recommend this.
This place is great! And our waitress Jakki was awesome. Forget Chippendales etc.  This is the place to go!
Love this place for bubble tea.  Great variety of options and you get to choose the level of sweetness you want.
Love this place! Fast delivery. Friendly service. Perfect place when your craving good Chinese food!
Received awesome service and got exactly what I asked for! Andy was great, and I'll definitely be back!
Amazing coconut creme pie! Bought another to take home. Delicious. Definitely will be ordering from Door Dash or stopping by this quaint shop.
Beautiful Easter mass. The minister was very personable and I will return. Church is very clean and parking was a breeze. I will return.
i love the chicen balls here, best in the city,the rest of the menu is pretty good too, but make sure you try the chicken balls
Lots of laughs and very entertaining. Take your family and see this show.
Had a blast  food was great Heather was awesome she really loves dick. I took the family and we all had a good time
Les kouign amann sont juste divins!!!! Je n ais pas tester le reste les prix me semblent un peu elevé mais la qualité est la!
We came here for lunch, food is really good and friendly staff. I highly recommend the \"bo luc lac\". Best Vietnamese restaurant in town.
Thrilled to stumble across Kale today. Inexpensive, tasty and vegan. Will definitely return!
Awful service, concept, and food. This restaurant is not appropriate for any occasion. Go to The Kettle Black or Majerle's instead.
It was excellent.  My only, and I mean only, nitpick was the my medium bison burger was delivered well.  It was still great!
Visited this place for the first time, nicely presented dishes and great food. Some of the dishes tasted okay but overall food and experience was great.
This place is a sushi Gold mine! Creative rolls and a wide assortment of rice for your rules for my gluten-free people. Fresh fish basics and tasty combos.
This place is one of my new favorites! I love their chicken larb. Seriously great! The place is beautiful, too. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys Asian-style food.
Good decor, food same best American Chinese you can find in Phoenix, I like  crispy duck, sizzling soup is must soup for me
There is a minumun order per head rule here which is not listed anywhere in the store. Rip off never come back again.
Dr. Poe is really an amazing Chiropractor. His wife is great and they are just a great place to go.
Very entertaining.  Lots of audience engagement.  Get 2 free tix by going to mentalist.com and clicking on \"las vegas\" link and signing up for his newsletter
Bought 2 mattresses on 2 different occasions and couldn't be happier with the mattresses and the customer service. They stayed in touch every step of the way.
The only Adidas Originals outlet store in the universe! End of story.
Just amazing, they did a great job on my eyebrows, I love them.....I will for sure be back to get my eyebrows done here.
Excellent food and exceptional, friendly service.  Never disappointed with the food or the service.
Never had such great food at lunch. Also, attended a wedding reception there years ago. OMLordy, food was fabulous!
Very very very disorganized for pick up orders. The kitchen can't keep up with orders but they keep taking orders. The food isn't worth the wait.
excellent service.\nhad their Premium Omakase at $125.\nyou really get full, but the courses that you get were just okay.....nothing out of this world.
My friend was assaulted at this bar and the security team was very unprofessional. We were there for a work function wh
Delicious food and great atmosphere. The waitstaff is so-so which is why we're only giving it a four star review.
Great hotel. Loved out 35 floor view and standing tub. Super clean. Great food. Wonderful workout facility. Close to everything.
Bed middle eastern food in Vegas !!!! Little pricy for what u get , but he knows his cooking !!! Worth a visit
Great service and awesome interior. The food is classic American diner style and you don't really need sides. You do, however, need a doggy back
Excellent breakfast! Fresh and healthy and service excellent‼‼‼ I had the bagel egg white sandwich and my husband has Denver omelette and it was fabulous!
Jessica is an awesome server. She was friendly and professional. The food was served promptly and was delicious!
Dropped in today for a few drinks and was pleasantly surprised. Plenty of televisions to watch football on and spacious patios. Service could use some work.
Excellent service, food, & wine. Loved the decor!\nDeliciousness on every meal, turkey meatball appetizer was awesome!
A poster in the window says they're reopening on May 31.   Signs have been replaced and new banners posted.
This place is so bomb! Never disappointed! Spicy chicken and spicy pork! Fricken amazing!!!
Excellent place to hang out and have a coffee, beer, or glass of wine.  It's a great little neighborhood hangout spot.
Their flowers are always amazing! the arrangements are spectacular. Customer service is really good, too.
Food was great, and so was the service. Definitely would recommend this spot and will be coming back.
Incredible food whether you like sushi or not. The experience is something you should try at least once.
Oh my goodness,  be prepared to get messy but it's delicious!  I had garlic butter crawfish with corn and a side of fried oysters.  Perfection.
Just had the most amazing time at Harumi. Get the omacasa and let the sushi chefs create for you-divine! Sexy Juno is the best-our fave sushi spot!
Super friendly and fast on kids tire repairs :-)
great sports bar! staff was so friendly and helpful! the pbbj cheeseburger was amazing! def going back!
Nachos are the best! Great environment and service also!
Nice selection, amazingly helpful staff, and they even offer a military discount!
Great happy hour! Great food ! Great drinks! Only one complaint.... They had the air on too high! But all in all a great experience!
I sat at the bar. Great atmosphere. The BEST burger I've had in a long time. Dare I say the best in Phoenix? I think I dare.
2-for-1 happy hour and a delish Reuben in a friendly atmosphere. What's not to like?!  it's a good place for lunch or a simple dinner.
Ow on the other hand this place really not that great for everything sorry  \nNot recommended.
Dr. Travis Wodiske has been our vet since he's been a vet, and his dad before him! SIMPLY WONDERFUL!!!
Excellent cookies and chocolate torts  ... kinda pricey but worth it ...
Tons of great vegetarian dim sum options here but most noteworthy is the congee. The meat congee here is the best vegetarian congee in the GTA.
Their attitude is just horrible. They behave like its a privilege for you to shop there and that they are the best. Never again
Phenomenal as usual, it's not much different from the Lakewood location accept for the carasoul that moves very slowly as you eat your ice cream.
Josh was very helpful in finding the perfect mattress for us. Nice and friendly, I highly recommend this place!
It was absolutely amazing I can't even believe it - So convenient!! Very very good experience- every muscle was touched!
Outstanding service!!! Luis was very professional, did everything he said he would do and represented Direct Rent A Car exceptionally well.
The best value-for-your-money Portuguese place in Montreal. Great chicken and friendly service. A must-see.
In town for high school 30th reunion and feet needed some help! Found this place and loved it! Thanks for the help!
Love Paint Night Pittsburgh.\n\nConnie, the host, is super fun.  Can't wait to do it again.
Amazing food! Delicious everything every time! A must try if you like Italian food.
Good vietnamese sub. Spicy without being overwhelming.  Fresh bread lightly toasted.   Beef was juicy and tender. Reasonably priced at under $8
This place is great! Love the food and atmosphere.  Probably my favorite place to eat on all of Lee rd.
Good live music. Nice owners.\nPerfect for a late night beer stop...
Owner is a great guy. The food is amazing. Typical Karachi food. Great flavours. Keep it up.
Worst service,complete rational discrimination.I hate the lady who served us and her attitude towards us.I hate to give rating.
Great burgers! Super tasty very thin onion rings were my favorite side dish. The mac and cheese was creamy and delicious. The baked beans were also very good.
Took in two of my watches for new batteries and a band repair. Extremely friendly and prompt service. Very low prices.
It is a good spot at the MGM. The fried chicken sandwich was good. The brioche bun was great. The sweet patio fries were great too.
The best bar in spring valley, New management is very nice and professional. Cool atmosphere.\nGreat food.\nShuffle Board.\nDarts with Mandy.\nLove this place.
DONT DO IT. I had an immediate swollen and infected piercing that I had to go to the doctor to get prescription steroids and antibiotics for... Just saying!
Food was great, and they took us in as they were locking the door and took our order, which was really nice  thank you!
Great people! Very accomodating. I have enjoyed and sweat on the thirty minute workout than running the treadmill for an hour.
Tacos are good, friendly staff. but wait time is long and food items are not always available.
Recently in the neighborhood and stopped in on a great eclectic bar. Mixologist was spot on with the Oaxacan libation!\nNice place to just chill.
How do you run a business like this! Horrible Service! DON'T give them your money... poor very poor service.
Now is 12.15 pm , movie supposed to start 15 minutes ago. So far no previous, no music, no excuses. We all supposed to get free drinks and popcorn
Dr lao and his staff are terrific with kids and parents!!! Wonderful caring and so accommodating!!  Megan is so good at all to be done there!!!!!
Disappointed I don't write bad reviews food was not good service was horrible. No follow through. I work in service I would get fired.
The staff is super nice and as tourist oriented this is, I like that they keep lanes open for locals too!
Not a typical Mexican restaurant. They have a wide range of enchiladas with many great sauces to choose from. Great and fast service!
Still love this place.
Fish flown in daily. Lunch 3 course meal $22. Great deal!!
Love this place for Karaoke.  Went with a group to sing this weekend and had an amazing time!  Food & Service are top notch.
It was amazing! I haven't been there in some time, but I have eaten there several times before and loved the food, the setup, and the staff.
Great atmosphere and friendly service. If I wasn't a tourist I would bring a date here.
Very tasty chicken.  Very clean store and nice employees.  Impressed with bathroom and fountain hand washing tub.  Great for kids.  Will go back again.
$7.99 with a players card.\n Hamburgers made to order are okay. Roast beef carving station not enough to justify regular price of 10.99. Main St. Better value.
Awesome & delicious donut choices, cool atmosphere, excellent customer service (shoutout to Tj for the cotton candy donut recommendation, it was great!!)
Very good service! Owners are very nice and the sushi is good as well! Pricing is good, keeping in mind platters are pre-discounted (they only accept cash for platters).
Not a sushi guy at all but this was pretty good.  Service was great and portions were very fair definitely will be coming back soon
Always amazed at the great prices for organic etc. I love the size of this store and having limited choices that are all pretty decent.
Love this pediatrician! I've taken all three of my boys here. They're always so friendly and take the time to get to know you.
Wonderful Italian beef sandwich. Loved the minestrone soup. Friendly atmosphere and waitresses was cute as a button.
Love this company!  Best customer service in the valley!\n\nVery knowledgeable. \n\nThey rock. \n\nPlain and simple!!!!
Unloaded a customer and was immidiately impressed by the clean storage property and was giving complimentary drinks and snacks. Great customer service hands down.
Tile, grout and seal flooring was truly as good as it gets! You will not be disappointed! \nHow rare it is to find a company with their work ethic!
The ambience here is super cool and the menu was great with lots of items. They even serve beee too! Good place to stop-by if you are a vegetarian!
Mike was the best! Courteous, knowledgable & professional.  If I ever need ac repair I will definitely call Alaskan home services! Thank you Mike!
Unfortunately quality suffered the past 2 years, but still a good place to grab a quick lunch while in the area.
I Had the \"Big Slab\" take out, IT SUCKED!!! This place has gone downhill fast! Ribs looked like dried jerky on a bone.. I'm not going back!!!!!!
This place closed in December of 2012. Yelp for whatever reason has not removed it.
Raw pancakes, hard home fries and a waitress that only talks to you if you're a regular... Not heading back anytime soon.
Freaking delicious! Great service too. Ate and drank here several times over the week. Definitely recommend!
Friendly, good cup of coffee, and simple homemade breakfast sandwich. Love it! I'll be back for sure.
Tried it the other day.  Caesar salad with chicken.  It was very fresh, nice portion and easy to order in the drive thru.
Not impressed... Friday night and early in evening. Bartenders are too busy talking with each other than to serve their patrons. \nI will not be returning.
I think the minimum wage has taken its effect.  Longest, slowest moving line ever.  Also....at 10 am they hardly had any donuts left.
This was my first time eating ramen and I loved it ! Súper good super! Get spicy on the side (;
Dinner and service was amazing !  Finally an awesome place to ride to and get a bite to eat... thanks yall for making date night a hit!!!
Spring rolls are good, but it's just not my favorite restaurant.
Had a reservation, restaurant was less than half full, and we waited an hour to only get one salad and waters. No waitress or food in sight.
Great burgers,  very reasonable prices. .. cold beer. They also have daily food specials.
Eggs Benedict was so good! The two fruit cups were perfect compliments to the fish. The potatoes were amazing. The server was patient and friendly!
Kelly is awesome. Makes you feel super comfortable. Love my piercings, over all great experience.
Good on point .. visiting from Las Vegas and fell in the love with the place and the food. Service was awesome to ;) its a must !!
One of the best breakfast spots in Vegas. They have island food options. Their potatoes are one of the best!
This place has great food and drinks and is centrally located in the MGM.  If you like Mojitos, this place makes some of the best I've had.
Panang curry was decent. Pad thai was bland. Probably wouldn't go again. Food was fast tho.
Not a huge selection, mostly clothes. Not as discounted as I would have expected. But the owner was kind, and the quality was all perfect
Everything we tried was very good. I especially loved their habanero mango salsa concoction, fresh guacamole, and their cute little house-made snack chips.
Good service and atmosphere. No more expensive then other higher end steakhouses on the strip.
Solid pub food., nothing special' quieter than the pub downstairs \"Den\"?\n\nHad the wrap and gyoza. Gyoza was small meat sausages wrapped and very large. See photos
Awesome service ...great results ...friendly people ..they did an awesome job !!!!!we will definatly use them again !!
Great wings..menu looks delicious ..looking forward to trying the cuban sandwich on the way back through here..friendly and helpful bartender
The staff was friendly and knowledgeable. They took our dogs back to train individually and most importantly provided us with immediate feedback.  I would recommend this group.
Excellent customer service! Melissa was extremely helpful and answered all my questions. Love my new mattress!
Highly recommend the mango chicken. We ordered delivery from here and were throughly impressed. It arrived hot fast and delicious.
Amazing seafood curries.  Flavors and spices are out of this world.  Open late night too!
Love this place but they are very rude, I am waiting15 mins for my order and she gives me an attitude.
Michelle is amazing, always on time, knowledgable , l am happy with results. I did full body.
A Great place to dance.  Fantastic music and very\nnice employees.  Thank you!!! Thank you!!! Thank you!!!
Love everything about Harkins no matter the location.\n\nThe great customer service is always consistent.
Good food, great drinks & decent prices for the area...the bulgogi cheesesteak was definitely the best thing I ate there.
Brought my son's Civic in for service.  They had it in & out the same day! Very cool guys- Super HAPPY!! Thanks so much!!
I like how you can pick what you want on your burger.  Good service, good food.  Would definitely come back again.
Ashley is amazing! She puts me at ease by chatting and explaining what she's going to do.
It's cheap and you get what you pay for. My iron stomach is a total mess... Never felt this bad after sushi in my life.
Absolutely the best garage cleaning experience!   Very professional!  Highly recommend. Will definitely be calling him again!!
Great service and delicious straightforward food. Soup was so flavorful and pasta dishes cooked perfectly
Not sure about Dr. King but the receptionist Micah was one of the rudest people I have ever spoken with
The food is always so yummy and the service is always great. Everyone is so nice and accommodating.
First time to come here.   Had the vegetable pakkora and chilly chicken.   Both were excellent!   Small, but very clean seating area.   Very pleasant.   Will definitely be back!
I hate this place so much it's the worst service at both locations and the worst management.....they need Bar Rescue at both locations badly
Omg i love robertos carne asada fries , there the best. I always go to this robertos the employees are friendly nd always treat me with respect
Found this place while walking around the area. Had the slow roasted pork burrito, it was AMAZING!!! Worth every penny. Super cool guys working there too
Poor service, gummy shrimp,uncooked vegetables, no bread and this was on a slow night. The only good thing is that it was quiet without the noisy children.
Try getting peanut butter and fritos on your burger!
If you are paying 7.50 for .3 liters of beer, at least the glass shouldn't have 1 1\/2 inches of foam on top.
A local hidden gem! We\nStopped by to enjoy a sweet treat. So many unique flavors and hard to chose from! Cute atmosphere and friendly service!
very expensive and busy. Good selection of wine and food was good. Stuffy atmosphere but I had quality for the money I paid.
Very polite and nice service. My first time thai foods experience so can't judge too much but ok.
Came here when they first opened and the blacks owned it, not sure if they still do, I've been back s few times and didn't seen them
Great service! Quick, fast, and efficient. Best price in the area to remove my old couch. Highly recommended for anyone who needs some old junk removed.
walk in, looked a the price and walked out. over charging is bad. we know you have to pay you Colonel Sanders actors, dont pass the buck to us
Very nice staff. The food was excellent and prices were ok. Will eat here again for sure. Saw several small kids and they appeared to be having fun too.
Loved it. Great poutine. Staff was really friendly.  Felt like I stumbled on a secret.
Awesome food, crazy low prices, and their sushimi is incredible!\n\nWould recommend to anyone.
Very good service but there was no variety of doughnuts and the Bavarian Doughnut didn't have no bavarian creme
Great place to have Mexican Cuisine and very friendly service located in Old Town Scottsdale a great spot to visit if you're ever in Arizona you want be disappointed
Great friendly service. Drinks are heavy and you get allot for your money. Best grey goose martini I've had in a long time. Highly recommended. Sit at the bar!
TBell like every other about 50% of the time service can be real slow though.
Reminds me of California. The food was good, staff was friendly and I enjoyed the atmosphere.
Great service...to begin with....servers didn't rush me to order coz I'm not familiar with menu...and they knew what I would want to order basin it on me.
The Tech Tyler, was very Polite, Knowledgeable \nand Talked with you through the Process.
Typical theater, nothing too fancy. They recently opened a bar which is ok. My drink was kind of watered down, but all in all it's not a bad theater.
So many options!  I love building my own stir fry, buffet is kept very clean and all the sauce options are amazing.
Super cute, great place to go with your kids, the cookies (peanut butter especially) were amazing. I'll definitely be back!
It is what it is.  The staff seems knowledgeable and pleasant.  Prices & selections aren't bad.  I get my racquets re-strung there.
Fresh and clean. Vast, menu while still covering the basics. No potato salad in the Greek salad though???
Reasonable prices for good Mexican food...\nThe service is good and with a great atmosphere to hang out. The waiter Sachin was amazing
Tried this place only once and they have good nihari and not so good beef kabab. The food is little pricy for the quantity they give.
The workouts really push you. Great trainers and I love I quickly I have been able to see results.
Quality is fine but I'm not ever again paying $14 for a salad and a water. Effen ridiculously overpriced.
Food was super flavorful! We were super impressed with their menu and drinks. We will be returning back for 4th if July and looking forward to trying different dishes
This place is the best!! Home cooked meals in an old diner with great service!!
Hot as an inferno inside because the giant smokers inside. Dirty nasty bathrooms. Wont be back food was so so.
Ryan usually is our server! I love the chips and salsa and queso dip. It is not too expensive. There is never a wait and it is always clean.
Got sat immediately for Sunday lunch. Service was good. Buffet has lots of options. Dumplings and Lo mein was good. Good seemed fresh.
Amazing food!!! The gyro was delicious and we love the vegetarian options for all of the vegetarians in our family as well! We will be back!
Excellence upholstery service. Quick and and friendly crew. I would highly recommend this company getting ready to schedule a carpet service!
Great food, great service!! $5 for a pitcher of beer? heck yeah!!!
crispy fries, squeaky cheese, and savory gravy. a solid poutine. no complaints.
Their soups are fantastic. The service has been less than great when we have gone, but the good is excellent.
Absolutely delicious! The food was full of amazing flavors. The owners were quite lovely, too.  We definitely will be returning.  Highly recommend.
Pricy, but friendly folks.  Hit and miss on parts stock. Didn't have a common Fel Pro gasket in stock.  Best to call first!
Not a vegan? No problem! Go anyway, it is spectacular. I bought the book;-)
Cool Place.  Great gifts.  I had an issue with a transaction.  Called the shop.  Owner called me back in 10 minutes and made it right.   Impressive and rare!
Excellent. None to compare. Every bite is more delicious than before. A treat beyond belief!
Amazing food. Great locations. Very clean. They have an upstairs seating area as well. Local beer on tap. I recommend it to anyone in town!
Excellent food and service... the barbecue is amazing the best we have had in Charlotte... You earn points for free items the more you eat here.  I'll be back.
As usual, Yardbird was PERFECT!!! I've fell in love with the Miami location, so imagine my excitement when learning there was one in Vegas!! I can't wait to return.
Amazing staff amazing food. The Buffalo Cauliflower was out this world. I Highly recommend and will definitely be back next time I visit Las Vegas.
Great poke!\n\nLots of flavor, generous portions, especially of meat.  Really enjoyed the beef and the tuna.  Just the right amount of rice.\n\nReasonably priced.
This is a casual bar with a kind of older-ish crowd (older than most of old town). Still kind of frat-y\/cliquey.
Ça c'est une bonne place pour manger un burger. L'accueil est cool, le décor est sympa, la bouffe est bonne. Un conseil, essayez le double cheese bacon
Great place and people! My sister recommend me to come here! It definitely was worth it! Dane did an amazing job
amazing food and great service! \ni love the environment \nthe server, Bo Kyung is the best server ever!!! she is so nice
I go through Showtime Marketing for all my show tickets. Perfect for friends, family, locals, and companies! I recommend Showtime to anyone looking for conscience, fun, and show tickets!!!
This is by far one of thee best places to grub!!!\nAmazing atmosphere, delicious food and great service
The chickpea ceviche was fantastic. The Vindaloo chicken - spicy, just the way I like it. Rohit provided great recommendations. We'll be back.
Not too bad. The service is great and the food is good. The drink list is limited to say the least, but I would go back.
I love my bandeau bikini top from Forever Young.  It fit perfectly! The strapless option actually stays put too!  I have gotten a lot of compliments on it.
Can't say no to this place! They have small snacks for me while waiting. Very sweet place and staff.
Paco's Tacos did not disappoint! It has great food and the excellent service that you've come to expect from the FS Food Group. I highly recommend checking it out.
While on vacation, went in to get some cash.  Nice , clean location, staff were very friendly.
If your plane doesn't leave till one in the morning this is where you should go. Best Chinese foot massage ever!! Ask for Summer.
I eat here all the time. It really is that good. Believe the hype. Big fan of pasta, sandwiches, chicken and tuna salad.
Food is decent. But the hostess is simply awful. She is rude and mean and surprisingly makes the whole experience negative. \n\nWe will not be returning because of her.
So great that there is a restaurant that cares so much about Allergies.  Food was fantastic and staff was very nice and friendly.  Great beer selection as well.
Reminds me of Tex Mex and being from Texas it is a great find! Happy hour is lively and fun to chill and have a great IPA beer too!
Awesome place. Great layout and super food. Every dish we had was great! This place is going into the lunch rotation.
Great service, great food for the price. Make sure to check out the aviary in the courtyard.
Very cute pub with a great selection of beer from all over the world.  Beers are decently priced, 7-8$ for a specialty beer. They also have great delicious poutines!
The ambiance was decent. The drinks were interesting but there was not enough variety. The service was not great, by any means. Overpriced.
Store hours on website show open until 7:00pm; location was closed at 5:16pm. Took the time to drive out of my way to this location. Won't be back...
After searching for awhile I found my hair place \nGreat service and reasonable prices \nLoved my hair and I liked the approach my stylist took
Love this place awesome cheesesteak's and hoagies and with the back east attitude simply reminds me of Philly!
Cheapest iphone 5 screen replacement I could find in town. Got a $65 cash price + the $5 yelp discount. Fast and looks great. 30 day guarantee.
Small dining room which was fine for me. Great service and the food was wonderful! I highly recommend the lettuce wraps and Pad Thai. Definitely will be coming back!!!
Loved it.   Has plenty of options for keto.   Went with the brussel sprout salad.   I have been back twice and loved it more each time.     Give it a try!
Compared to price of other spas & given its nice layout, definitely worth the short trip off the strip.
Everything was exceptional. The servers were knowledgeable and attentive. Best dining experience I've had all year! FYI- when they have scallops on the menu, get them!!
Food was great. Service leaves a little to be desired. The ambiance is great, super cute. :)
great happy hour menu. good service. nice decor .
i really love the bbq steak there, but their customer service is the worst. every one in the store seems frustrated and angry!
Outstanding Gin selection and great bartending! Very lively atmosphere right up until closing time.
The store is clean BUT the prices are outrageous for a donation store..The male Hispanic Manager is Rude and has bad customer service skills
I love the food from there. I'm not a Chinese food person but there food taste good and better then other places. I enjoy eating there.
Great vet! Everyone is so nice, the hours are incredible, and they treat you & your dog with respect!
Totally awesome show. My 10 yrs old daughter loved it. Must see for families.
My favorite restaurant. I love the pizzas, chicken lasagna. Everything is so yummy!!! Highly recommend!
An institution! A great place to relax, knock back some brews and make new friends. A very friendly and accommodating staff, decent prices and great food.
Also a great place for coffee in a mini-treed oasis patio on a rather industrial corner.
A great find for fresh and creative food options, excellent service, awesome ambiance and great drink choices. Just go!!!
Tried something different.  Great service, great drinks, great food (chicken parmesan) tomato salad)... Would go back!
The afternoon was the best time to be seen. I had my nails manicured and painted exactly how I wanted. I highly recommend this place!
Very clean. quiet, and great service. nice people. great all around happy food.
Good crew and programming! Def recommend this box to anyone looking for a close community and awesome wods.
Nice and very generous people! Great Mexican food. Clean. Cheap. What more could you ask for?
This is a mom and pop shop; you will get personal care and attention.  These are truly wonderful people, and it is a pleasure to support their business.
Fast, delicious and good food!! The chicken  kabobs were amazing
Excellent flavours and very consistent quality.  My gf and I eat here all the time and highly recommend it. Best for take-out.
Service isn't really good, but isn't the worse I've seen in my eating days. The only thing keeping me there is the food.
Went to get a manicure and a Shellac. What a professional service. Manicure  very thorough and Shellac lasted for almost 4 weeks. Awesome experience. So relaxing.\nIta R.
Shout out to Roberto for helping me with some wiper blades! He went above and beyond and had a pleasant attitude the entire time!
Order 2 coffee and a tea, $9. The guy behind the counter was really nice and helpful. Good place if you need to get some work done.
What a fun place.   Seems like a regular group for happy hour.   Drink prices are awesome, next time we'll try the wings.
Fish tacos are great here.  The bean burrito is HUGE.  This is a better alternative to any of the near by fast food joints.
Can't go wrong if you're craving a good burger. It's all up to you on the way you build it.
Staff are extremely nice and provide a great service and place to gather with friends
This is one of my favorite attractions in Las Vegas it runs every 15 minutes and they're constantly changing the music. Love it... it is just so romantic
Cute small place with great coffee and delicious sandwiches...  Everything was delicious and service was very nice... Highly recommend!!!
I love this place. The chicken tenders and waffle were great. The potato scramble was also good. Will def be going back
Fat Heads is always fantastic!! Had to wait a bit but I didn't mind! Had the nachos and the DLA headwich which never disappoint!
Great breakfast place. Dishes are really fresh. They are big though, so bring your appetite!
Great food, great selection of beers on tap. \nPerfect place before TMobile arena show. Tacos are served in corn tortillas or lettuce wrap.
First choice for boat & motor service since 1958. Factory training and experience count.
Found this place by accident and so glad we did my daughter and I had a really great experience. Their concept is fun and food is delicious.
I had the pistachio crusted salmon last week.   It was the best piece of salmon that I can ever remember, and prepared to perfection
This placed closed a while ago!\nWhen they were open, they had great happy hour hurricanes and deep fried pickles!  Regular menu seemed overly pricey.  Oh well...gone now!
I love this place! Romantic, sexy, great staff, and the food is delish! Definitely my go too spot in Vegas for Indian food!
Best restaurant in Charlotte.  No questions. \n\nGet the Tonkontsu, extra pork belly!
I got the steak sandwich. I'd recommend not getting it w\/ arugula... 10x better taste wise. Presentation looked amazing and I'd definitely come back for breakfast.
O.M.G.....BEST TACOS EVER.  I love this little place. Staff is very good and friendly.  Please stop by and try the Tacos Gringo with Green Sauce.
Be prepared for the best omakase experience in Toronto. The chef and his team's dedication to their craft is second to none.
Service, food and ambiance were excellent. Definitely would go back. The sea bass was served different than expected yet I loved it. Highly recommend this restaurant!
The  are amazing...  The fried chicken is delicious...  Brunch dinner doesn't matter. You will never be disappointed
Saddest smallest burrito bowl I've ever had. Half scoops of everything. BOOOO! Rather just go to Williamsfield.
PB&J Ice Cream is really good. Also got blueberry cheesecake, which was not as good but still good. Good place with good flavors.
Great food!!!!! But definitely a little over priced. Great if you wanna watch a game or eat with the family.
Bambi is our server and she is so attentive and accomodating.\nBreakfast is a typical Danny's style very good and reasonable.
A great experience with lots of good childhood memories. A must (if you're not twenty years or younger).
Great service. They saved me over $1000 dollars on my smog repair. My car is good as new. Thanks CJ. I am now a loyal customer.
Love the potato soup and blt.  Also have great breakfast sandwiches.  You can't really go wrong with anything on the menu.
Great food and service.   The bartender Tiara is top notch.   I would recommend this place to anyone who wants something different.
The garlic knots are the best. My family and I love them. The pizza is really good. It's ultra thin. Get the garlic knots!!!!!
Ham steak is the best I've ever eaten!  Won't even bother ordering anything else.
Lovely elegant place with neighborhood atmosphere! The owner personally comes to your table & asks if everything was ok.. That's rare to me... Love it!
It was fine.  The salon and atmosphere are a bit ragtag and not comfortable.\nHaircut was good.  The presentation is rough though.
Music Garden cafe serves the best coffee in town!...and the daily specials are fantastic!
Really great pizza, and the staff is always really friendly. I shop by every Friday for a pizza and their really good cookie dough.
Good all you can eat and drink(including alcohol) place!\nThere're crab legs, big choice of tasty desserts and good quality food!
Ordered the Rainbow Trout and it's the best fish dish I've ever had.
My favorite store to go all the time good prices, good inventory. Special savings with their coupons.
Very flavorful vegan food-hipster approved (; They have yummy vegan desserts as well.
They give you large portions so I would suggest sharing. I'm not a big fan of Orange Chicken but theirs was actually pretty good. Great customer service.
Nice space, polite staff ... my flat white... flat. Probably single espresso with too much milk. Rather go to Rooster or Dark Horse. You
Christina from Huntington Beach was Awesome!! Happy hour was great, we loved the atmosphere..our first time in Scottsdale and at El Chorro..it won't be the last!
Waste time and money in the worst restaurant ever!\nStay away! They are rude and arrogant, and the food was average, the price to high.\nWorst experience of my life
It was everything I thought it would be. Ambience was great and the food was even better! Definitely recommend it!
We just love this place! Best breakfast in town and it comes with a cocktail  Great atmosphere and great food!\nFamily friendly as well!!
Walked in and saw a coach roach running on the floor. Think they forgot the leaves on my Chinese broccoli dish.
Staff: great fun\nDrinks: delicious on many levels\nScallops: melt in your mouth\nAmbience: hip and trendy yet comfortable \nAvocado toast: good but not my favorite \nBrookie dessert: great ice cream
Just the best, even better than Lotus. Great atmosphere and super wine list.
Awesome customer service and I always find a bargain. Beautiful clothes for a fraction of the original cost.
Awesome!\n\nWe've been here 5 or 6 times now. Our kids love it and its pretty fun for adults too.
These guys don't know how to wrap a package properly. I sent a computer to my brother back in California. He opened it and the case was broken.
I requested and paid for 4 toppings! This look like cheese pizza with a piece of chicken. You can't be serious Dominos!!
11am Busy Saturday 11\/7\/2015, plenty of customers, 3 of 25 check out lines open. Lines 25+ deep. Management incompetence, again. Nothing changes but the day.
Started when my daughter was around 4 1\/2 months. They're great! Fun classes. Easy to call and cancel or reschedule. Would highly recommend.
Visited for the first time. Affordable with huge, tasty quantities of food.\nWill drop by again for sure.
We went in for a drink and dessert. The service was pretty good but the chocolate cake dessert was so so. We will try something else next time.
Best breakfast sandwich I have ever tasted. I had a Fairfax with turkey sausage, the eggs were scrambled. So soft and fluffy.
Worst customer service ever! Looked at me like I was stupid, and totally ignored me when I asked a question!
Great service! Amazing food! Vegetable chow mein and orange chicken! YUM!
Our favorite chinese food restaurant.  Leon is a hoot too!  \nOur favorites, include hot spicy eggplant, four seasons, royal nest and of course, the grand mariner shrimp.  Yummmmmmmmm
I had the 60-minute foot spa. After the Climb to Conquer Cancer, the lady conquered my tired feet!
Absolutely delicious juice fresh tasting and crisp! The facility was in pristine clean condition! I'll be back soon!!!!
Food has always been excellent here, Been here lots of times to eat my heart out. I bring friends here and I meet friends here. Great pic up place!
The service started out well but it took over an hour to get our food when the restaurant clearly was not busy and the waitress was not very helpful.
The staff's friendly,  the coffee's unimpressive.     Clean facility full of various convenience beverages and foods.
Good tacos!great sauces!  Windy fries are a must try !  Quiet place very friendly staff.
Excellent food and service!! Such a rarity.  I love the Calzones.  They take a while to make, but you are notified prior to ordering and expectation is in place.
Jeff was awesome! Super nice, efficient, and thorough. Our exterior windows were looking bad after the dust storms and monsoons, but now they're sparkling clean!
Tiny portions, tastes horrible, and I was sick afterwards. \n\nSkip this place and go directly to Pamier Kabob a little south.
YUMMMMM! This place makes me want to leave California! Have to try the Jam it is the best!
Battlista is so amazing.'why it's 3 and a half, no clueS will continue this later but you have to go here
Great food at a reasonable price. I tried the seafood tofu soup...it's delicious. I will going back to this place!
The food is better than most standard Vietnamese.....the fish sauce needs more flavor.  Service was good.  The ambience was definitely better than most Asian restaurants.
Food here is delicious. The service was great. The atmosphere is casual and relaxed. I had steak fajitas and recommend them. I will be back for more! :)
Best fresh chinese food. No body have time to be rude and nobody waste the time to be rude
the food is close to perfection...tempura udon is the best  ingredients are fresh,combined with thai tea...that's awesome  oishi!!!
Bomb ass Chicago style fries. Fire tacos. Love my fam from chitown  \nBeen here several times and the customer service is great
Brunch was GREAT!  They got all the bugs out and now its running SMOOTH!  Food is great as well as the service!
Yum. The kobe tacos were great, and the chicken in mole was awesome too.especially the chocolate mole.that was definitely my favorite. Great service in vegas style.would definitely go back.
Great service and great matcha latte!! roll cake tastes good but a bit sweet.
This place is always consistent when I order. I recommend the pineapple fried rice with chicken. I've used to take out and dine in on several occasions.
This is seriously some of the best bbq in Las vegas\/Henderson. Burnt ends are lip smacking.
One of the best chimichanga's I have had ever... plus the food was fast and cheap!!  Very happy with my lunch
Thanks for my $4 bacon breakfast sandwich; $5 if you include the soggy hashbrown. I could have went to McDonald's and gotten more meat on the dollar menu
AMAZING SALON! such talented girls and so friendly! salon is so pretty and very clean. AMAZING experience
Restaurant was ok, not great. Service was excellent. Tacos just a bit plain. Had the black and yellow and the mushroom tacos. Needed a bit more texture.
Service was great and tonight they have taco Tuesday one dollar shredded beef or ground beef tacos and two dollar Coronas
Great place. Small venue. Love seeing shows here. Would recommend to anyone! I wish they had better parking, but at least it is free.
Not highly recommended......service is too slow, food is bland; no wonder the place is empty...tsk...tsk...tsk....
Great Mexican food. Super Friendly staff. Quick service. The burritos and fajitas are worth a try.
Staff is friendly! The doctor is very vice and I actually don't hate going to the dentist because of this place!
Ru San's just stole an hour of my life. Only go if you don't mind leaving hungry and exasperated.
Sadly, this location is nothing like the original. Food came out cold and tasted terrible!
The opposite of impersonal service I was getting at Klinke.  Good, conscientious, careful, neat and friendly.  Highly recommend.
Thank you Kevin for the tequila orangecicle. The girl bar is beautiful and we are enjoying paint nite!
This was the best hair cut I got in a long time!! He was fast professional and the finish product was perfect... will definitely go again
One of the best restaurants on the west valley.  The food is always prepared fresh, great prices and excellent customer service.  Absolutely recommend this place
I've been coming to shays for years. Always friendly service. Excellent food. Will continue to come here
Three stars out of five: just passed\n\nThe food is actually good there and the environment as well, but what makes this restaurant weak is the service.
Outstanding! Had the blackened \"chicken\" salad with lemon tahini dressing. Can't wait to go back. Really, really good!
The staff was friendly, the tickets are only $10 for adults, and it is rarely crowded. The theatres are small, but they do the trick.
Lots of great gluten-free options for your liking, all homemade. Great service, can't ask for anything else. \n\nI will be back! Thanks!
She was super sweet and seriously amazing results!! I strongly recommend Tamar for teeth whitening. Awesome prices and well worth the money.
Went there with the girl for dinner twice. Lunch twice. Had something new each time. It was good, We had the lunch specials. They were great.
Great place to grab a bite to eat. Potato Scrambled delicious. I would recommend this please for sure.
This place is awesome! Great place to have fun and grab a drink. Our server Brock was great! Very hospitable and provided great service! Go whack some balls!
Edible but not enjoyable Don't waste your money paying full price. Find a $25 voucher from one of the many hagglers around the strip.
Great food great value and more authentic than a lot of places i've been
Javier is an honest man and does good work. He came and fixed or roof leak. He communicated well by explaining everything with before and after pictures.
They now offer vegan cheese and vegan chicken! And it's the same price as non vegan. I'm not a vegan but a friend had it and said it's awesome.
Great simple and very cozy ambience.  Service was wonderful. The food was great and price very reasonably. Would highly recommend. Way to go !
Definitely one of the best places to eat in Phoenix!  I've never been disappointed.  Their bread is amazing!
Oh my goodness! Talk about authentic Indian food the same way my mother does. I highly recommend the food here.
Good customer service.  Very professional staff. My wife goes there for oil change and some small repairs.
My favorite was cotton candy & the soup selection: wonton, pho, and shrimp soups. Other than this, everything else was average.
Love the atmosphere! The food is yummy too. Not the five star dining experience but fun!
It's your average walgreens.\nThey had what we needed. It's clean, well lit.\nStaff was friendly.\nThis location is 24 hours.
Our server Hanna is the reason for this update. Excellent service, and food was very good (avocado cucumber rolls, sweet potatoes rolls and okra chilli ).
Delish.  Best meal I've had in a long time.  Great service.  Fun atmosphere, the best deserts.  BLT bruschetta was amazing.  Will visit again for sure.
Recommend totally! Got me right in without apt.... great job on pedi...mani both . Thank you!
I love this place! Patty and Keith make everyone feel like family and the atmosphere is really inviting and fun.
Super clean aesthetic, so nice and friendly, and a completely efficient and mostly pain-free experience. Bought a series and will be back for a regular check up :).
Don't bother.  Bad work.  Very high prices.  \nGave them one chance.  Not going back.
Went tonight, what a wonderful place!  Asian, Hawaiian, fusion. Great use of fresh, tasty ingredients. Inspired sauces, that will delight your palate. I can't wait to go back.
Totally amazing!!! The dentist at this specific location was so awesome! This was my daughters first dental exam and she was so great! Recommend this place!!
Loved this place! The food was delicious (got the fish, beef and pork tacos) and the owner\/manager was so friendly and upbeat will definitely come back!
Not recommended. Had to wait 40 minutes past our reservation time. Food lacks flavor and the restaurant is old and faded.
Food is good, but pricey. $38 for 2 people for breakfast ! Hummmm
Quick update to note that the Hotel contacted me directly, addressed my concerns, and made me confident that another stay there would not have the same issues!
Always a great experience, fast and delicious. It's our routine to grab breakfast for our whole family every weekend. Love their iced coffee with mocha!
Jimmy and Matt (The redhead)  had me in and out in 35 minutes for an oil change. \nUse my rewards and coupons and saved over $40. Good job.
Five stars service, high quality product, the roses are beautiful, quick hand delivery also the customer service was so helpful!
Tres bruyant surtout avec un match sportif sur les ecran tv, ambiance assurée, brunch standard .. Very slow service .. English speaking staff.
Been coming for a few years. We are always seen on time, friendly staff, and they take insurance! Win win win
The food was great. I loved the mac and cheese. I think it was one the the best I've ever had. The fried chicken was pretty good as well!
Neighborhood gem.  Never had a bad experience.  They make a nice vegan marinara pizza if you ask -- great crust, cooked in a wood fired oven.
their ham&cheese croissant is amazing and always fresh made!  this place is quite near to my home,  always go there for breakfast
Great food, FRESH...Great atmosphere, great service, low price, big portions.... My  kind of Restaurant. Definitely putting them on the Friday Night date night rotation.
New owner and staff are super personable and very welcoming. Haven't been here in a while, but glad I made the choice to stop by.
Excellent Thai food, service and great pricing... If you like Thai food, this place is a must.....
Duck Panang was Bomb! I also enjoyed the fish with Ginger and Bok Choi. Get the Thai Sunday for dessert.
Good pizza at a great price. The all meat pizza was loaded with toppings and hit the spot. The homemade lasagna was some of the best I've had.
Sushi tasted decent. Steak and chicken dishes tasted stale. 5 people from my group got sick after. Must have been rotten food. Do NOT try the buffet.
Thought the wings were terrible. They were burnt all around and to saucy!!! Service was ok I guess. I'll never go back there for wings again !!!!!
The worst the level of food is like a holiday inn.  Nothing fresh all made hours ago even salads all drenched and vile
The only downfall - homeless ppl in and out of the facility begging for food. I wouldn't mind helping out with food or money, but not while I'm eating.
Got the pretzel in a cup..and oh my! Best pretzel I have ever had!! It's a must try when you visit NY-NY!!
Very delicious food!  Very flavorful and plentiful portions!  Very close to UNLV!  Convenient spot for lunch and inexpensive!
Corn bread was delicious! Bbq sauce tasted great. Wish it was closer.
This place has excellent pizza and calzones.  They use great cheese.  The owner is very friendly
Great place for recreational activities. New and fresh equipments and ambiance. Variety of classes and training available.
Our family brings all of their cars here.  No complaints, would recommend to anyone looking for good service competitive prices
Venus 21 is a Dominican Style Hair Salon for Ladies and NY Style Barbershop in Charlotte, NC. They also provide Blow Dry\/Out services to help you save money.
Best colour technician around! Been coming here for years! David knows how to work with every type of hair and you will always leave satisfied with his work!
マイケルジャクソンのシルクドソレイユを見る前に、急ぎで入ったお店。\nリゾットを注文。\nリゾットとサラダでまさかの180ドルって少し高いなって思いましたがかなり美味しかった！\n\n蟹がでかかった！\n蟹が50ドルプラスでつけれたんだけど、やっぱつけてよかった！
Went with two toddlers, they like it there. Staff are friendly at this very busy restaurant. Food tastes great, one of the best we have in Thornhill area.
Great selection of sex toys,  lube,  condoms,  whips and paddles,  and esoteric stuff. Clean and well lit.
Cute speakeasy with delicious cocktails, where the menu lets you select based on glass!
It was good. I do kind of wish they had vegetarian stuffed grape leaves, but the lamb ones were also tasty.
Thanks Patricia! Great service! Delicious food!!! My kids loved the empanadas, definitely we'll come back!
Dr. Maloney was absolutely helpful and friendly! great optometrist to go too!
In town for business and this place was awesome. The staff was friendly and the food was a10 out of 10. Will return
Fantastasic! Burnt tips and mac n cheese were delish. Cornbread, too. Def going back.
Good 'ole fashioned Irish pub. Good service, beer and food. Their food specials are worthy. Big on soccer and other sports. Was a favorite during the World Cup.
Very fast delivery!  The food is really yummy,  and there was alot of it!  So happy with my order!  Highly recommended!
Will definitely go back. I was in desperate need of a short summer trim and they were fast and friendly. Walked right in and didn't have to wait.
Top tacos in Charlotte. Paco's Tacos. Bring your appetite!  Bartenders do a great job as well in case you're thirsty.
The service is horrible and the food is terrible. Cleanliness absolutely horrific, disappointing.
So delish! The food was amazing and the place is super cool. The owner is so sweet, which is an awesome plus!
One of the most specialized training facilities in Ohio. Great facility and even better trainers, make you feel a part of their family!!!
Great food and great service. Try one of their delicious cocktails. I loved the blackened mahi and the chicken and waffles looked delicious!
I ran into this wonderful non profit at a military family event and they're amazing.  They make wooden toys and just give them away! Beautiful people!
Great staff. Soggy hotdog. Unique menu. Soggy wings. I guess, great price but a little disappointed from all the reviews.
It was good, nothing to dislike. I had the Chicken fried steak breakfast, the gravy was unique and quality.
Really one of dirtiest places to eat,not sure how they get past the Health inspections,very rude staff and management. Spend your money elsewhere.
Room was not set up correctly, but our group still beat it in 24 minutes.  Not as challenging as we had hoped, but fun nonetheless.
Our server Noelani was amazing and everything we ordered was delicious! Definitely get the chicken Parmesan.
A hidden gem in Charlotte.   Casual place very tasty and authentic Indian food.  It has the best tasting food when compared to other Indian restaurants in Charlotte.  Excellent service.
The food made up for the terrible service we received. Our waiter took forever to come to our table and was rude to us from the start of dinner.
We eat here sometimes twice a week.  Always great food and excellent service.  The quality of the beef in all the dishes is amazing!
Great seafood!  They let us switch some items in their crab boil for more crab.  Love this place.   Cornbread is awesome. ..order an extra one....you can thank me later
Been going to them for yrs now they are great! Dr. Holt & Kathy are very nice! :)
The worst school ever. Don't waste your time. If you want to grow grey hairs at the age of 15, come here.
Tacos al Carbon, Sliders, Steak Sandwich, Onion rings, fires, salsa, queso. ALL the yums!!!
I gave Pizza Rev a second chance and this time my pizza was delicious especially with the white sauce. My pizza was a lot better and not burnt.
Dave is closed.  I'm told this is permanent.  All that is here is a hotel breakfast place with an overpriced buffet.
They are very skimpy with their topping and cheese -- even when you asked for double. The Pizza's have no flavor. Pieology is much better.
These guys went WAY above and beyond to get me in and out in a bit of an emergency situation!
Always been disappointed with my order. They never seem to get my coffee right. Maybe cause they are a busy store. Clean and service is quick.
The bread, the ambiance and the bruschetta alone are worth visiting this quaint restaurant located on the waterfront.  Such a relaxing last lunch before heading home to Chicago.
Order the tonkutsu ramen. It's awesome. I didn't expect the real Japanese ramen in American Japanese restaurant. Can't wait to try other dishes.
Yukki was recommended to me by several of my friends. After getting my first haircut here, I know I will come back again for sure. Love my new haircut!
Excellent food, just as reviewers stated
No more Kyoto Bowl for me.  They have the fattest beef slices and their teriyaki sauce is super sweet.  Too much flavor for my taste buds perhaps.
Sammy's is always consistently good... Great healthy vegetarian & vegan options... Amazing staff and such delicious food... So happy we got takeout & I didn't have to cook!
Amazing cover up by Tyler\nCan't wait for it to heal so we can do a little more shading
Foods good but heaven forbid u come alone you have to wait for a single chair. Next time I lie!!! Pissed
Great food and atmosphere, and a gem in downtown Davidson!
Manju is the best of the best! Amazing customer service and very friendly. She always makes me feel comfortable and have my eyebrows on fleek!
did a great job.  having aaron braido do the work, is the key !!!
Makis are good but globally meals are overpriced & hyped. Go off-strip if you want to have Japanese for half the price!
I LOVE their salads!  The outside area is pretty nice.  Inside gets crowded.  Service has always been great.
Ummm the gelato is a bit \"sugary\" than other places.  the opening hour has change from 12noon to 2 pm
Financial Service Representative Kyle Miller was very helpful. He is knowledgeable about the various products, and provided all the information I needed to open an account.
Don't go there at night you might get robbed walking out . bartender called the cops and me out to be the bad guy ... Will not be back
Improvement over the former Joeys with quality fish and decent pricing.    Can't go wrong with their fish fry and mini corn cakes
Best service ive used yet.. Kenny was on time , car was clean, and his great english and attitude made my ride superb
Best Outback Steakhouse I've been to. Been to different ones in Arizona and California. This is by far better service and best food!
Amazing coffee and space in the Junction Triangle of Toronto. Also just voted best coffee in a city that takes its coffee very seriously!  Definitely check this place out....
Had their pad si ew and loved it. My boyfriend had the red curry dish and he enjoyed this place as well. I would definitely go back here.
Best pizza in gilbert hands down! Wonderful service and atmosphere. you just cant beat it.
I love this pet store. Beautiful pets & GREAT customer service and also affordable prices on their pet food, toys ect.
Overpriced for portions . Nachos were horribly salty. For $17 you think they could use real cheese instead of the cheese sauce you get at bowling alleys
Cool restaurant! It's nice that you don't need a reservation and they place you and serve wine as you wait! Very chill atmosphere, and good wine selection!
Gabe is great and the only person i trust to handle all of my personal and business insurance needs!
Food is ok.  Service is somewhat rude, even for a Chinese restaurant.
Nice place, nothing to write home about. Price for quesadilla was high for the portion. Sort of a glorified Filibertos
Yummy sweet potato hash, yummy eggs. Biscuits are decent! Boyfriend was happy with his meal as well (simple eggs, bacon, potatoes, etc.) Service was quick and friendly.
Amazing coffee and nice conversations! The ambience of the place is amazing. Will be back for more.
Really enjoyed the scramble and those seasoned potatoes!!!  The service was great too!  Wish we had one of your restaurants in the Long Bch, Ca area
Love this place! The tahini is amazing my favourite is the fried basa plate, great value, well seasoned and super fresh.
Great mom n pop coffee shop!  Great prices, good coffee and very friendly service.  The drive-thru is a plus!
price is kind of rough but very good hotel.  everything was great.
Awesome!  Had the Corn Beef Hash,  homemade, awesome flavor. First visit, Adanely, our server was great. Definitely a favorite.
LOVE this place!! The beef and veggies is amazing and so is their lo mein! Very clean, and the service is fast!
3.5-4 stars, tacos were very good, blanco margaritas were excellent, guac was totally good.
The ramen I had called fire and ice. kimchi broth, hot smoked salmon, fresh mint, cabbage, shaved carrot, radish, black sesame. Beautiful and delicious!
Good food and everyone I spoke to was pleasant. Fresh squeezed orange juice was awesome!!
Best pizza place ever , if you are looking for a high quality , fresh pizza this is the place for you.
Ordered a meal for 4 people for delivery. 40 minutes later I receive a notification that the restaurant cannot deliver because it is too busy. Very disappointing.
Grand opening didn't disappoint!!! Beautiful facility and amazing staff. Tried the Spartan \/ Strike class and Jennifer\/ Cathy kicked our butts big time!! Worth every penny!!
Friendly staff, good coffee, and plenty of stocked retail items. My favorite coffee house in Scottsdale when I'm nearby.
Love the New Yorker bfast sandwich !  Amazing! Open 24\/7.. thirst quencher ? Green mint iced tea! I survived off this iced tea
Horrible service. Workers are not only extremely rude and unprofessional​ but also don't abide by minimum hygiene standards. Never go to this place.
Great atmosphere and the oysters were very fresh! Loved the multiple sauces they offer!
Family of 5.  We spent 5 hours here! Kids didn't want to leave. Something for every age.
Great food! The best Philly steak in years !! The service was amazing and felt very welcomed with his hospitality and well made food!! I will Definately be back!
Very comfortable and cute clothes! Juanita, BJ, Bridgette & Mildred provided excellent customer service. Very knowledgeable and friendly staff. Extremely helpful.
Best food. Best ambience. Extremely friendly customer service. I'd definitely recommend this place.
Great prices, great food quality and quantity. Always friendly staff. Very accommodating. Will be back again and again! Pricing is awesome at lunchtime.
This place used to be incredible.  Wow how times have changes- frozen fries, pathetic service, bartenders with boobs outs, asparagus like mush- so sad.
Excellent food, amazing ambiance and very friendly staff.  It really doesn't get much better than that.  This will definitely be a restaurant that we frequent.
Really enjoyed it.  Probably the best ramen place in Charlotte.  \n\nAlso, a cool vibe with the best sake selection I've seen.
I had dulce de lethe crepes and croissant sandwich it was very delicious,  one of the best in the valley
Sometimes the quality can be hit or miss depending on the technician, but Nathan knocked it out of the park today!
The most beautiful terasse in Montreal! They have the best sangria and the live music creates the perfect atmosphere.
Owner is forgetful about important repairs to clothing,  items hemmed came back with more rips, open thread tears than brought in.  Service is inconsistent and timing takes too long!
The Taylor's have always been on top of all my insurance needs without being overbearing...Mark is quick to respond and ALWAYS has my best intrest at heart
Love this place! Food is delicious and service is always great. I recommend any of the pasta dishes.
Love this place! Anniversary dinner with my husband. They treat you like royalty and the food is amazing!!!
Absolutely loved it as always.   The food was great although the Cesar salad was a bad luck for me.   The waitress Alex was fantastic.   Love this place.
I had my front windows tinted. The finished product was very good and the communication from start to finish was good.
By far the best haircuts you can get for a great price, the staff is fun and easy to talk to, I highly recommend these guys!
Expensive place. Quality is good most of the times. Thali is outrageously priced for nothing.
Modern! Pet-friendly! Our room was clean and the beds were super comfy! Fancy lookin shower was a plus! Will return to Aloft if we are ever in town again.
I usually get the breakfast combo which comes with waffle, eggs, bacon\/sausage and coffee. Not bad for $5.95. Don't forget the stamp card.
2 piks attached. Actually, the chicken noodle soup @ $4.95 was a pretty good value and tasted good.  The corned beef sandwich, not sure why I got it again--average.
Great service! Very friendly staff. They watched me bowl and recommended the right ball. Highly recommended!
The prices are good; stylists are helpful, want to please, spend the time...very average outcomes.
I've been going to Tasty Crepes since they were at fantastic swap meet their crepes are really good and the kids love their chocolate covered bananas and cheeseckes.
Lines, lines, lines, lines, oh and more lines for tokens! 3rd year and don't remember the lines being so ridiculous! Will think twice about going next year
They have decent teriaki bowls with veggies in 3 different sizes. I got the tofu & it was pretty good. I'd come back!
I've been going here for over a decade and i absolutely LOVE this place. usually very busy but that just means they're good at what they do;)
Terrible service and less than spectacular food\/coffee. Chocolate chip cookies are the only thing they have going for them.
This place is recommendable and this place is commendable. Not only is the food healthy but it's tasty and scrumptious too! The service is great!
Wow. Great fresh and unique food at a great price. Split 4 meals and they were all awesome! Can't wait to come back here to try something else.
Overpriced.  Tortillas taste raw . Barely a step up from taco bell. Taco shells could be from taco bell. Not impressed at all.
The Vesuvio. Half pizza. Half calzone was delicious. Made in authentic wood fired oven using pecan wood. Crusty charred with real Italian meats and wonderful cheeses. Authentico !!!
I love this place they make the best sandwiches on earth.\nI try and go to this place every time I go to Vegas.You must try it out.
Eggslut was great where in Las Vegas staying at the Cosmopolitan and had a chance to eat there two days in a row two sandwiches were wonderful
I order the Carne margarita and it was delicious as well of the piña colada the service was the best starting with the hostess, waiters, and managers.
Had such an amazing dinning experience. The atmosphere, Staff, and owners made you feel like you are family. Like legit. Food was great, wine list amazing, overall highly satisfied.
Decent spot. The tacos were ok nothing great. The salsa and guacamole were great. The service was ok.
Great customer service :) and Wendy's sure beats all the other fast food burger joints
Horrible , unsafe venue where people go to get drunk instead of listen to music. Limit alcohol sales there! Parking is the best thing about this venue.
Reasonably priced and really good juicy steak-even though i have mine cooked medium well.
Regular Steak wrap, garlic sauce, salad mix, onion, tomato, mild green salsa and tzatziki sauce  delicious!! trust me on this!
If your not a 21 year old looking to hook up, then run.
I can't say enough good things about the staff and the high quality products here. It's fantastic.
Great service and food. The staff is very cordial and the food is delicious.  The location is very convenient, just off loop 101.
This place has great prices and and amazing food. I had the fajita  but everyone around me was getting pacos tacos.
Of course we are here we want fast fast , its not a surprise about food, hot place and many tables , open windows.
Amazing Food & Service. The waiter was friendly, attentive and really helpful. The ambience is great. The concept is different but really nice. Totally recommend
Needed to update this as I continue to be very impressed. Never been disappointed and expectations are always exceeded. Had some fantastic sword fish a couple of weeks ago.
Use to frequent this place but not anymore the delicious tasting Thai place I used to like.
Good food and the company has great people working there. plus they take car of there employees!
Best fast food Chinese place in town. Eat here and you'll never go back to Panda Express.
Consistently good; love, love the honey walnut shrimp over brown rice (hold mushrooms), yummy.
Had the Pad Mamuang Himaphan (#25) and it was Phantastic! Currie was excellent! Small place. Family owned and run. Well done!
Loved it! Loved the venue.. Loved the show... If anything would rave room to better.. I'd say the seats.. Realllly small ... Uncomfortably so.
Everything is good. Fois gras accompanied by wine, yummy satay and spring rolls. Don't leave this place w\/out ordering their famous dungeoness crab and garlic noodles. A must.
Great food.  Good drinks.  Eclectic group of customers\/patrons.  I am a fan of the sushi and small plate offerings.
Master of sandwhich making! Many choices with great flavor. Wonderful bread lightly toasted. Sandwiches not huge. Delivery is quick - always comes before stated time.
Love it here! Honestly better now than when it was old carolina!! Beers great too! I recommend the short ribs!!
Delicious! Some of the best wings I've had out here. Cheap prices and friendly service and fast delivery.
Place is dirty got food poison food is not good at all they don't make anything fresh very very bad place to eat!!!
Amena had really good service and have really good plates.They have great prices I recommend it.
Such a nice place to stay, this is one of my best sleeps ever. Front desk were really nice staffs were so helpful, this place is a hidden paradise.
How creative is this place with their presentation and selection in flavors ! Definitely my spot to chill and enjoy a delicious ice cream while exploring downtown Phx
Wonderful place...terrific menu selections very unique all fresh natural local Ingredients...in a lovely comfy, casual  atmosphere with fast, friendly service...no surprise it's a local and national hit...try all 4..!!!
Joe's crew serves up generous portions of healthy food and hospitality.  Check out their offerings on Groupon!
Awesome dining experience with respect to both the food and service.  Would highly recommend the vegetable quesadilla and guacamole along with the pineapple vanilla margarita.
Lots of different styles that I'm used to but always great to try new things...
Good food, the service was amazing.  Zohreh (our waitress) was great.
Sooooo good!!!!  the bolognese was on point, the drinks were delicious, the burger was cooked well and very flavorful...the staff was amazing and friendly!  Love this place!
Lots of Lego sets.  But you can't do the Lego land without children.  Super disappointed.
Always packed. Always good. Always super smoky from the flaming fajitas. Definitely our go to Mexican restaurant
They did a great job. Awesome service at a fair price. The website makes scheduling easy.
Pros: Big burrito. Nice staff. \nCons: Most plain Jane burrito that doesn't fill you up. Seems clean but not my first choice
Mediocre drinks, but I guess it'll do for a tapioca fix. People taking orders are friendly but need to listen when taking drink orders.
I think the calamari is some of the best I've had and the fish and chips is pretty good too.
Good doubles! The rest of the food is a bit plain, for local tastes. But you can load up on hot sauce
This is probably my favorite Starbuck's location in Las Vegas.  It's right by my Mom's home, it's tucked away.  I tried the Butterscotch Latte hot and it's very good.
Came to Vegas for the weekend to look for apartments. Front desk staff were friendly and the check in was quick. Our room was clean and great!
Taste is mediocre depends if you prefer quality or quantity food. If you like quantity over quality, you will like their wonton.
Enjoyed the food, drinks, staff, and company. It's across the street from Hooters Downtown Toronto.
Always low on stock, store is a mess so I won't be coming to that location no more I think it's worth driving to 24th St instead.
The food was so delicious. I have been here for several times，recommend tofu，and noodle. And the price is reasonable too!
We are regulars here and it is by far the best sushi in the area. The pink lady roll is our favorite.
Used to be pretty good food, but service has always been an issue...my last visit here was not good. Food quality is sub par.
Great place to eat for brunch   I had the hash today and strongly encourage anyone to try it.  Great ingredients and good food.  Staff was excellent.
Everything was awesome. Cabbage rolls, creamy mushrooms, goulash, stroganoff, chicken kiev and crazy Russian non-alcoholic fermented beverage. I plan on going back whenever I'm in Vegas.
Excellent service and a great atmosphere. Very friendly owner and staff.\nAll side dishes are made in house and the pot roast sandwich is great!!
Bad service and mediocre food marked our dinning experience. a\nAfter waiting one and a half hours, we left without our meal and wound up eating elsewhere.
Cheap eats with a surprisingly tasty fare. Absolutely a must try here is the Cantonese chow mein, sweet and sour pork  (yummy)!!!
I absolutely love the atmosphere here, it is so pleasant and welcoming in comparison to other adult stores I've been to! 10\/10 would recommend
+ great soup dumplings\n+ courteous staff\n+ large and clean space\n- a little overpriced \n- most non-dumpling dishes were pretty bland\n\nRecommended Dish:\nSoup Dumplings
Greatest Indian food in Fulton ranch area!  Their lunch plate is an awesome delicious deal!!
Terrific independent record store.  Great place to find new music.  Good stock of hard to find CD's.  It is terrific to have so many listening stations.
Ordered the Bacon Onion Rings Burger and curly fries. The hamburger was a work of art. Ate more fries than I intended to too.
Pretty good. Overall, I seem to not like the Fox restaurants, but this one is OK. We did a beer dinner here once, too, and it was fantastic.
I took my bike here for some repairs on a friend's recommendation. They were fast, did a great job and were friendly. I will use them again.
Lisa & Eric are the nicest people you will ever meet, their personal service and great food makes this place a must.
I go here often on my lunch break. service is great! Food is great! my lunch is only 1 hour. They are always fast with bringing out the food.
It's the best dim sum place. Their service is good and quick! I come this place every time when I visit Vegas :)
Chicken and Waffles.  Excellent!  Probably the best waffle I've had to date.  Great chicken too!
One of the nicest, cleanest hotels I've ever stayed in. No dirty carpet here, nice engineered wood floors.  \n\nI will definitely stay here next time I'm in Toronto.
This salon is amazing. The staff is amazing. Jessica really knows how to style my hair and Ana makes my eyebrows looking like perfection!
Radiant smiles is a great place to get ur teeth done, the staff is wonderful, and the doctors ate great too!
Very friendly service... helpful, and courteous .....I would recommend Fast Fix for cleaning jewelry, fixing jewelry, and buying jewelry!
This place is great. Great price, great food, great atmosphere.\n\nThe perfect place to eat while visiting downtown.
Useless 'customer service' and one rude and unprofessional employee. It's no wonder stores like these are going out of business.
Always have a great experience here, Amazing customer service and the ladies are so nice!!!
This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants to have lunch with friends. The food and the service is outstanding!
Wings! Wings! Wings!!! Go with the beasty BBQ Smoke house wings or the parmesan buffalo style wings.
They carry E85. Fuel prices are great.\n\n\nApparently my review was too short, but that's all I wanted to say.
Fresh bread, fresh fries, yummy chicken breast kabob, decent lamb kabob and great service. I really enjoyed their food .
Nice place and very friendly staff. The girl taking my order was really helpful and sweet
Dr Garcia is awesome and so is her staff. Everyone is sweet and my kids love coming here. I have no complaints
Finally I found real custard in Vegas! So good and they have concretes like I used to have back  home. All the way across town u but worth it.
The atmosphere is great. I love the trees and picnic tables.\n\nThe food is meh and you'll pay $12 for a sandwich.
My daughter and I went here and had our eyes checked, everyone was really nice and the DR was very professional and nice. Highly recommend this Optometrist and practice.
Very professional staff, from sign in, to race.  Safety emphasized with attitude for fun.  Cars all interlocked if accident occurs.
Went there for a large family event. Great food and great service. Definitely going back!
Great location, decent facilities. Spoke with Nick, he signed me up, good guy! All I recommend is, some sort of protein drinks and other workout snacks for sell.
Excellent Food and Service and very affordable.  Everything was very fresh and flavorful.  Best Egg Rolls had a long time.  Highly Recommended!\n\nTodd & Sandra
The staff here are wonderful and make the best drinks. The drive thru line can be problematic but it's far better than the other Starbucks in Las Vegas.
Nice, spacious Club with view of the Strip. Plenty of room to relax as this airport is not a major hub for United. Quiet bar area with great attendants.
Its a typical walgreens, nothing really sticks out about it. They seem efficient with getting prescriptions ready, and the shelves are always stocked. No comlaints here!
All dishes were very tasty and well presented.\nA bit overpriced, but considering the stellar service, quality of ingredients and wonderful ambiance, not bad.\nDefinitely try the wagyu gyozas.
Andy, the receptionist was very pleasant and helpful. The facility was very clean. I was seen right away, there was no waiting. The customer service was excellent.
Great prices, same day delivery, and the customer service was stellar! The delivery men were fast, friendly, and extremely clean!
awesome burgers.  decent service.  good atmosphere.  it's a dive bar.  just fyi.  with good food.
came here after bad experience at ihop.  fast service, clean silverware, got the order right, good and fast cook, will come back here often
Hard to access with new LRT construction, old tv's in restaraunt area, not many booths. But food was good, what you would expect from any boston pizza.
Get the homemade meat or chicken pot pies for home.  Unusually load up and put in freezer.   Quick easy meal when home. So good!! Martin
New to the area.. Had to get a haircut and i hate getting new Barbers But JIMMY was great highly recommend this place!! Will go back again!!!
Slow service! It would be really fun if the people working here gave a shit about their job
I like this place. Excellent food and the staff is very friendly. They accommodated all my requests
Bring the kids here they love it way more than ice cream. The gelato is so pretty it looks fake!
This office has a wonderful group of doctors and very helpful staff. I highly recommend visiting this office!
Fresh pitas made in their place. Large portions and tasty.  The provided veggies were fresh and crisp as well.
Still delicious pizza. Today I had the Wise Guy pizza with wonderful sausage and onions. Does not disappoint at Pizzeria Bianco. You really must go.
This is probably my favorite Vietnamese place in Charlotte. Good food, nice ambience and very active staff. Their soups are amazing and a must try !!
Burgers are off the hook! And finally someone other than TGIF that has tempura green bean fries!
Wow, terrible service from staff across all boards.  Liked watching games there previously , but maybe not so much.  Might have to pick a new place.
Le resto était pour ainsi dire vide quand nous y sommes allés, mais la qualité était bien présente, et le service impéccable!\n\nLes prix sont très raisonnable.
You have to try their food! Absolutely delicious! Ive had their salmon, shrimp, chicken, lamb, and even vegetarian dishes. All perfectly seasoned!!
I had the super food salad it was amazing light but filling. Service was outstanding. View was amazing looking out at the pool. Conditions were epic
Simple, straightforward shabu shabu. Main virtue is its Henderson location. The only shabu shabu I know out there; low key and usually quiet.
Sub Par for a Westin restaurant, breakfast buffet was free which was the correct price.
Loud and tendu but I have had better sushi.  Not the best place but overall not too bad. I rate it 3 out if 5 stars.
Run, don't walk, RUN from this company.  Non-responsive and completely inaccessible, I don't suspect these guys will stay in business long.
Salina is amazing! Great relaxing massage and she did some deep tissue work without making it feel like torture. She is extremely talented! Is highly recommend her.
2nd time I've been there.  Clean.  Service is good.\nNot spectacular but a solid meal and decently run restaurant,
Blake was very knowledgeable and helpful. He is afforabel and I would definitely recommend him.
This pub gives you the ultimate Irish pub experience. Great food, great beer, great staff plus great music!
You just have to love Starbucks, always busy. So don't hate that a cup of coffee cost so much. Just stay at home and be a hater.
Not good at all, very little variety.  Salad was wilted, nothing for my kids to eat.  Would not recommend
I spent almost 40$ for the best sandwich, which had just a piece of tasteless chicken and a coffe.. tips included..
Love this place it's basically you order the type of meat you want on your burger and it you can put as much as lettuce pickles onions etc
Terrible cold food. My sweetie order chicken fingers and they were dead cold and greasy. Will be contacting management about the poor quality and food
Worst customer service I've ever dealt with. Creepy shop, won't be back. They're also overpriced on almost all their guns.
Deliciousness  all the time great food come try it out won't be disappointed  and next door Mexican pastries yumm
Nice size arcade for a casino! Drinks are great. The environment is very comfortable!
We went for dinner tonight and the service and the food was great, Jess our server was the best I recommend this restaurant to anyone
I love this place! I got a Brazilian Blowout and it is great.
I love this place! Food is fantastic, the staff is wonderful and the caipirinha's are legit.
Really great place. Really good lunch specials. Enjoyed it every time I go. We get the chicken korma and tikka masala. Won't disappoint. Fair price.
Great amount of food, nice and clean. Very good wine selections. Awesome and friendly service.\n\nI will definitely come back for our next trip to Vegas
Delicious food and drink. Place was packed but the staff still brought us everything we needed. Fun atmosphere
Great location but expensive - rooms are ok, be sure to request a newer one.
Great quick and reliable service! \nStaff is knowledgeable and out of warranty repairs are by far cheaper than at the Apple store.
fire!!! \n\ngreat customer service, food made to perfection! bummed I didn't get our servers name but she was just a doll!
Great breakfast,  and the service is amazing. You don't leave hungry thats for sure. Yummy stuff...
Fish tacos were lackluster at best... \nBaja Rolls were eh..
Amazing food...try the goat cheese appetizer, brisket biscuits, and cheesecake for dessert :) \nThe pimm mule cocktail and coffee martini--both were excellent!
Loved this place! Their garlic knots were so good! The owner was so welcoming and even asked what everyone's name was so he could try and remember it!
THEE nicest optometrist ever! Its always a pleasure seeing Dr. Maloney for my annual eye check ups.. Trust! You won't be disappointed.
The food is meh. The people are kind and it's very clean in there, but it's just another buffet. The endless alcohol is cool, sure.
I absolutely love their cauliflower tacos and would highly recommend it to anyone that's going to this restaurant. It's like a paradise for vegetarians!
Craving a DOG....overall the Dog was good but way too much mustard on the coney.  We'll be going back....wish they had fries.
John came over to fix the line on my water heater. He did an excellent job and was super helpful. Will definitely recommend this service to everyone.
They have an actual northern Irish bartender! Great selection of whiskeys and Irish beers. Try a half and half or a Black and Tan.
Delicious REAL food! Great service and lovely decor. Will definitely be back.
Fantastic pizza ideas. I highly recommend the Roman or the cheeseburger pizza. Chicken quesadilla is great as are the wings. Fish fry basket is decent.
I practically grew up here!!!  I remember Ruth and my Dad loves her.  It is cash only.  They don't take credit cards so hit the ATM before you go.
SUN MON TUES dollar chicken tacos..best deal..cleanest taco shop i know..quality food and not as greasy
This location is poor bagels are stale, donuts taste as if they are days old! Avoid this location!!
Friendly place with awesome staff with really helpful waitresses and a menu that allows for not only vegetarian but vegan choices in abundance
Brats will always have a special place in my heart. Best night is Tuesday night! Flip night: win the coin flip and it's 75% off your order!
The staff at this location was rude and unfriendly!! Also the store itself was not the cleanest I have seen!
The bbq combo plate was very good but I did not really like anything else LOL
Every kid I know LOVES this park. It is one of my If your good well go ploys and to go here my son would do just about anything.
I love this place, clean and just simple, but so good. The Red jade chicken is amazing and get it in a Quesadilla! There's always cookies too.
This place is the best! Friendly staff, I have always just done walks in and they get you in right away! Clean and pretty space. Best pedicures in town!
Like many businesses in the area Melt is gone....
Very good noodles and dumplings. We got the pan fried noodles with a variety of meat. The noodles had a very nice flavor to them. Yummy!
Went to Postinos in hopes of having our favorite server, Sabrina. Unfortunately she had left for the day. We enjoyed a delicious meal, as usual.
Best bike shop in town.   Great staff.   Best stuff.   Repairs are solid.  Even have parts you don't think anyone will have.
Excellent pie and the owner is great! They also have Thrifty ice cream which my kids love!
The best!  John and his crew understand and have an attention to detail like no other- great work, great service!
Business done correctly, open till 2 serves you with what they have till 2 and tells you what they have prior to service. Thank you!! Service done right
So nice and friendly! They never make you feel bad if you don't do everything you should do. Instead they encourage you to be better!
NY Strip and Prime Rib were done right. Service was good. Great location if your going to arena.
amazing service! Peter, our server was so great. Great service, personality and made our stay here exceptional. Definitely will come back .... only if Peter is here.
Authentic enough to please my mother in law from Vietnam! Great place to have in the area.
The service was attentive and the food was delicious. I ordered twin lobster tails, asparagus and a twice baked potato. All of it was great!
Some of the stuff here is wayyyy over priced. You really have to look for good deals. The staff are always very friendly.
Beautiful and upscale. Great place to hang out and have a drink. They have a gorgeous pool as well.
Ordered Delivery during lunch time: bland coffee, burnt naan, food was not spicy and did not come with rice, below average portions. Best item was the mixed pickle.
Good sushi and service.  I liked the WTF and Las Vegas rolls. This is close to Fremont Street Experience.
Great food. Great service with a smile and good attitude!  I have visited this location several times and have never been disappointed!
It's good, but not as good as their locations in California. In California they are amazing . The wait times are a little crazy. Good food at good prices.
Good food.   Slightly upscale\/casual dining.    Prices were a little higher than I expected,  but the quality and presentation of the food was good.
Easy to maneuver the stadium, the view from most seats are fine and staff is professional.  My son and I had a great time. Bravo!
I love the friendly  atmosphere and individual way to workout . There are very professional trainers and experts. I will recommend this studio to my friends.
I believe this is the best pizza in Vegas. My favorite is the  Mediterranean not only is the  pizza very good the people that work there are super nice.
Ambiance sympathique et nourriture excellente! Les grilled-cheese sont à tomber par terre. J'ai aimé leur americano et leur cappuccino également. J'y retournerai c'est sûr!
Visited 1-7-18. Went for brunch and loved loved it. Tried many different things. Food was brought out with a few selections at a time. Service was wonderful!
Chicken and waffles an absolute winner, try the spicy Bloody Mary. Excellent lunch spot in LVS.
Great help from associates this was on Friday, not happy with reception and assistance I got in meat department on Saturday.
I was in the area and decided to stop by food was good and friendly service. I had the Bento box it has little bit of everything
By far our favorite place!!  Come here often, friendly staff, great food- nuff said
Still an Internal Medicine clinic but is now run by Dr Bryn Rodriguez and Dr Jillian Webb. Still good service i get here
Fast, affordable service!  I had a broken zipper on a boot and got it back good as new the next day!
Great Estate Sale today!!! Come see all the really vintage stuff in this old Vegas home!  See Bobbi for a great deal!!
Pro:\n- amazing Spanish tapas\n- patient and accommodating staff\n- the great selection of beers and wines\n- unique atmosphere\n\nCon:\n- expect lines\n- a little bit crowded
So,  i believe that the bartender is new. Michael . very personable and engaging! Payed very close attention to my drinks.\n\nI will definitely return
I called this company 2 days ago and left a detail message. So far not a return phone call. I will be looking elsewhere.
I love this theater, it's very convenient and usually very clean. Prices have increased but matinee showings are still $5!
Great and friendly staff, wonderful confidence from the doctor and encouraged hope of improvement. Everything I look for in a great chiropractor! Highly recommend!
I was here for the breakfast buffet. The food was ok. I came a few years ago and the selections was much better.
Very friendly staff! Food is always delicious! Great atmosphere with plenty of T.V.s to watch and gorgeous staff!
Bon café, magnifique espace, et surtout, staff super sympa! Un de mes cafés préférés à Mtl.
My fave Thai place on the go, I had been never disappointed with any of the options on the menu plus the packaging is so innovative
Came from out of town and Aaron gave me one of the cleanest skin fade and beard line ups I've ever had. Highly recommend!
The service is great. And the tuna tataki salad is wonderful. I did a to go order and it was still amazing at home.
The people here are the nicest! Friendly family atmosphere!
Overpriced and overrated. Sea food variety is quite disappointing (especially for cooked seafood). We will gladly to pay a bit more and go back to bacchanal.
Nice people here!  Do a great job. Love going to a place and they remember u and are so friendly
Great atmosphere, great music, and good food. Live band preforming salsa music and dancefloor open for salsa dancing
I love this happy, little, very clean place!! \nJean is the absolute best I've ever been to  for pedicures!
I had the chocolate covered banana, it was amazing!  Will definitely being going back.
This is my favorite store to shop for snacks, meat, giant jars of kimchi and fresh tuna. The meat cuts are gorgeous!
Great new place that a friend recommended.  Great atmosphere. Friendly people. And the food was excellent and had a unique spin. Obviously a good chef. Prices we're good too!
Tried a few different options here om burger was the best. Cozy place. Nice light fixtures. It's more upscale than I would've thought. Ill be back.
PIZZAHHHHH!!!!!!!\n\nAMAZING!  DELICIOUS!! Felt like being back in Chicago and eating at a real Mom & Pop 'za shop.  \n\nWe order sooo often from them.
Great atmosphere and awesome people-watching patio. Plus some cool dishes (duck wings, frog legs,  lobster mac 'n cheese)
Incredible Texas style BBQ. Don't miss the fatty brisket, but you have to get there early.
The rainbow salad is the salad you've been waiting for.  Lovely restaurant and attentive service too.
SoftMos是休闲鞋的连锁店，主打代理的品牌有Clarks, Converse, Dr. Martens, Hush Puppies, Puma等等熟悉的牌子，及自家牌子。主要售卖凉鞋，休闲鞋，正装鞋，运动鞋等。很多大商场都有其分店。Yorkdale店系Victoria Secret隔离。店员服务几好，多试几个款都无黑面或不耐烦。遇上减价季节值得买
J'y vais pour le kokosh, une brioche roulée au chocolat à se rouler par terre
Excellent service and quality recipes! Had the Sukiyaki hot pot!! Kibo sake was on point!
Did a pretty good job for my car seat's leather, almost look like new
Amazing 1st time here had the fajitas for 2 everything was amazing we left with more food then we ate.
Love this buffet! There are a lot of great options and a lot of different flavors to try! Great for everyone!
Atmosphere of stable pub is awesome and food has been really good! Also ordered for pickup and they were pretty quick would recommend
Had a great meal but the service was lackluster. I do not enjoy getting all of my courses at once. Also, the drinks are a little weak.
I was not impressed at all, the chicken was old. Almost tasted like it was reheated, overlooked and dry. Not sure that I'll try this place again.
Like the place, specially the butternut squash soup. We had it once and they took it off the menu. Also like their meatballs.
Donut was not at all worth the wait. Had an odd, stale flavor. Folks waiting on actual sandwiches\/meals were waiting forever. Overflowing trash cans. Gross. Never again.
Excellent. Profesaional. Always on time. Highly recommend Sabrina at Salon G for both men and women!!
Killer pizza!  If you are from the East Coast than it should be mandatory for you to eat here once a week!\n\nOutstanding garlic knots!
They moved us and stold a lot of my  stuff!!!! The worst movers ever don't trust\nthem they have sticky fingers!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best place ever! Service is top of the line,  drinks are excellent,  food is great! Our favorite place when we come to Vegas!!
Very cool Viet fusion restaurant. Went here during new years eve.  The set menu was great. Also a very cool collection of Quebec craft beers. Waiters were very attentive.
Wonderful Patio! But we had very mediocre service, and the prices are about 30% more expensive than Postino.\n\nPostino it is for me.
We love Nee House. Great prices, great food, we've never eaten in the restaurant here so not sure on atmosphere but we've never had a bad experience!
Loved it!  Mac King is truly talented and funny.  He didn't need expensive props to do his magic.  The show was worth every penny.  I highly recommend it.
Not easy to find but worth the effort. Simple surroundings but great curry. Try the coconut chicken....its outstanding.
NOW called the \"Grill Cottage\", associated with the tremendous Damas at Lawrence and Vic Park... The BEST falafel comes to Parkdale!! Honestly, BEST falafel in the city!!!
Superb faux-meat restaurant in Montreal. Great service. I've been coming here for years.\nTheir salt and pepper shrimp, three flavor beef, and duck pad thai are fantastic.\nA definite must-try.
Luv this place!  I come here every time I'm in Phoenix. Can never decide - everything is great!
Extensive 45 collection, many to dig through. \nGood prices and friendly dude at the counter. \nIf only they were open on Sundays
Very impressed! Amazing customer service along with amazing Eggplant Parmesan !!! We will definitely go back!!!
I ate dinner here and it was fabulous. I thought I was in Jamaica. I had jerk chicken, rice, and plantains. Huge plate.... delicious.... ten bucks!\nDon't miss this place
Every time I get my nails done by Hannah my hands gain new life!! They are always so pretty and she picks the perfect colors for me.
Quaint place.  Delicious food and coffee and helpful staff. Definitely recommend if you're in the area
Perfect sushi experience. Sashimi excellent. Iron noodle soup perfect. Definitely coming back!
Je suis allée 2 fois, la 1ère fois le café était excellent mais la 2eme fois j'ai été déçue
Very good breakfast burritos.  I recommend the machaca. Very generous portions.
Hot diggity! Macaroon ice cream sandwiches. ..need I say more? You are in for a perfect treat.
I got the nutella-flavoured rainbow latte and a chocolate chip cookie - both were delicious!
Excellent, knowledgeable & experienced willing to go above and beyond! Neal Katz is a superstar & is an expert in his field.
This place has the most bland food I have had in a very long time, prices are insanely high and the service blows! Don't waste your money or time!
Very clean salon with nice workers. From out of town and looked up on Yelp for a place close to Little Miss BBQ.  Accommodated me as a walk in.
Breakfast was delicious and waitress was awesome I had the steak and eggs. Food came fast and hot. First time coming but I will definitely  return
Pretty good...try the shrimp appetizer with the sesame seeds ontop...mmm so good!!!
Wonderful place to live. Been here 5 years but this management now is wonderful! And the apartments are really nice
Petite ambiance 'homey' mais surtout un Flat White au lait d'amande et coco du tonnerre ! C'était très, très bon.
Fast and quick. Good service. Got to sit in the car while waiting too so that's kinda nice.
Management and host\/seating staff TERRIBLE.  Ambiance like a cheap cafeteria with low budget decor.  Waiters running around like headless chickens.  No organization.  Low quality food!
Amazing food, just not the ambiance if you don't like the smells of cigarettes in the Air; all in all Deliciously good.
Best Mexican food in Pittaburgh -shrimp tacos are amazing. great guacamole, chips and salsa. Neighborhood gem!
Delicious! I got the egg salad and I'm still thinking about how good it was. The salted caramel cookie was melty and perfect.
Pretty good. Especially since the West Valley is filled with nothing but chains and sub par restaurants.
The best part of my sisters' trip to Las Vegas. Awesome food. We had so much fun here trying stuff.
Excellent,\nShaken beef, beef stew, Cornish hen, garlic noodles, crispy egg rolls and garlic butter edamame all rock!
Great sushi, always busy which means you know it's good. The Vegas roll is great and I love the black rice they use, which makes for a unique experience.
Top quality breakfast place. Came in at 7 am, served quickly, food was out of this world, we paid by 7:30 am. Great service too.
This place was amazing!!! So happy with our experience, we are back for round two in one week!!:)
Loveeeee palomino. Food is delicious. Huge portions. There is live music as well. Great place to eat when you can enjoy it outside.
Great place to eat and drink. Great food and atmosphere. Had the club and Ruben was gra eat and great burgers
Good food but not amazing. Good for a quick affordable meal if you want to avoid fast food.
Omg talk about great friendly service!! Didn't feel a thing and was done in 30mins :) HANDS DOWN THE BEST DENTIST IVE BEEN 2 In years!!
Nice place with special touches. The service is very good and menu though limited is interesting. Portions are on the small side but adequate.
Old time favorite for us.  Only suggestion would be is getting gluten free pizza !! Please !!!
Fun place to gamble and twin creeks has great food.
Not bad of a hang out spot for the night.  \n\n\"happening\" place in vegas for now, we'll see how that'll go for.
Bonne adresse hipster = bières artisanales + burgers pas chers + deco très sympa en bois avec des plantes, le combo gagnant b
Nice little place and not the average menu items either. The bento's can feed two and the lunch specials are great.
no greeting !!!
great service in the office ,calls etc. Adam and Damien did a great job , done in 20 minutes. Very professional
This is a really solid hotel. Clean, modern, with excellent service and a fantastic restaurant.
Amazing lashes! I can't even feel them. The service was quick and done so well. I am so pleased with them! The salon is cute and very clean!
If I could give them no stars I would. This food was disgusting and bland. DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE!!!!
So good. Love the spiciness.The Iced Thia Tea was amazing. Can't wait to go back and try different entrees.
This place has great staff, service and food for very good prices. Truly the best dessert\/dinning experience in the GTA! Great concept!! The atmosphere is amazing!! Check it out!!
After my second experience with the rude owner of this establishment,. I will not be back, Buh-Bye
Love this place. Offers an expansive selection & the staff is always very friendly! I recommend coming during the week as the weekend seems plenty more busy
I've been going to Bri for years! She's the best! She did my hair for my wedding. She gives the best haircuts and styles. Love it here!
Like many other fish & chip places in the area. Maybe this one is a tad more organized and busier but the owner is a cheapo!
Love the vegetarian options. Very friendly staff. Good selection of beers on tap.
Waiting time is ridiculous but it's worth it. \n\nThe cakes are really good and nice atmosphere I go there twice a month.\n\nHighly recommend this place
Amazing thali lunch plate.  And you have to try the Paneer Paratha.   Simply amazing and located in a wonderful market with so many great things!
Stopped in while walking down Las Vegas Blvd. The service was so so and nothing very exciting.
Bring cash BC no cards n ATM fees r bs. I got over $10 fee. Food so so service so so. Not going back
Decent food for the price. The fresh omelettes were  the highlight. I also enjoyed the carved meat station. Would definitely get the tri tip again.
Yikes,\n\nThere was something seriously wrong with the food here. Everything kinda tasted meh and wasn't as fresh as you want in a Sushi place. Yelpers beware!
Fantastic service! Comes when he's supposed to, knows what he's doing, and charges a very, very reasonable price. We need more service people like him.
The quality is good but the selection is very limited compared to other competitors.  Great location and convenient.  Cute shop.
Although this is the best Chai Tea in town,  The waiting time is ridiculous. \nVery Pricey \nAnd let's not even talk about the Drive Thru
Great place for a quick drink or a gathering of friends!  There is a good selection of beers from the US and wines from around the world.
Great customer service at this store, ask for Brent N. Sad that I had to cancel their service for now, but I'll definitely return in the future
Yolanda is amazing! She gives THE BEST facials! I absolutely love going to her!
That Hannah is the best pet counselor at the entire petland. She assisted me with two amazing puppies. Thank you Hannah at Petland!
My wife and I just love this place. Everything from food to service is amazing. This is our go to place and we live in Summerlin.
What a nice outdoor mall.They also have all sorts of things going on and sidewalk events. Very nice and well kept
The best macarons in Vegas so far for me and it's a great price at only $1.10 a piece!\n\nLove ittt
Awesome service!  Great food and an even better atmosphere!  Wine BTG list is spot on!!
Amazing workmanship. \nIm always happy when i leave here AND  with a juice box.
Excellent food! Great service! Large portions, reasonably priced. Can't say enough.
Super yummy breakfast!!! I got the brads burrito  \nLots of food for the price. \nRecommend a+++
Cute spot! Great mani pedis. But not cheap.
The pad Thai tasted like noodles covered in ketchup, extremely disappointed after hearing such great reviews on yelp.
Love this bar!! Great food. This bar is as busy at 7am as it is at 4pm!!! Best bartenders around and they all pour a stiff drink!
Just used them for the second time. Sean does a great job. Honest and friendly. He replaced the glass in my wife's I-Pad Air with no problem. Highly recommend.
Weak on sushi but EVERYTHING else was sooooo good. Homemade, fresh and very tasty. Good service. Clean. Must try
Best wings in Charlotte (donnies\/bee sting\/chipotle bbq) and the specials are always good and are not generic dinners like other places. Great atmosphere as well
Cheap & delicious hot dogs, with a ton of topping options to choose from at no extra cost! Will definitely be returning for more!
I agree with the negative reviews....they simply just don't care and the wait is ridiculous. It seems that everything to be done is a big deal.
Very rude. I ordered the wrong tea and they were very rude giving me another drink. They didn't even give me my money back. Not going again.
This went from a storefront to a corner ice cream stand in front of JoBot. Good ice cream and service with a smile!
Tucked away in the coroner of a strip mall, this restaurant is a gem!  Great Food and Friendly Staff.  The homemade dressing is yummy!  Two thumbs up!
There's a long line but it moves super quickly! Loved the bagel options and the deli is really fresh
Awesome lox spread and bagels, but $11 for a ham and cheese sandwich, never again.
Once again, had a great Char Heel yesterday afternoon. Always enjoy stopping in for a great hot dog and very nice eating area too.
Best vegan pizza ever. The vegan calzone is phenomenal also. Non-Vegan friends love it too.
Hot dogs on crazy flavor steroids! Oki dogs got nothing on this place.
Just got an undercut from J. LOVE IT! The staff was so friendly and it was a great price. Thank you J!!!!
Heads up: $20 minimum for delivery-- my mistake for thinking $30. 4 stars so far because I haven't tried it yet myself but have heard that everything was delicious!
I stopped for lunch. Had the shrimp. It tasted raw. Hoping I wouldn't be sick. Didn't happen. Maybe their dim sum is better. OK service. Won't go again.
Went in for juvaderm it was simple Dahl educated me on everything I needed to know, it look less than 30 minutes :)
Ashamed I've driven past this a million times before experiencing the best dig I've had ever!
Willie assisted my niece in having her nose pierced.\n\nHe was very personable, sanitary and provided excellent customer service. \n\nThanks for making her experience an incredible one!
Great dogs and great fries.\nThis is a very good place for Chicago Style Hot Dogs with fresh home made French Fries.\nEveryone is very friendly.
Friendly stylists! Been to several Great Clips in Vegas over the last 7 years, finally found the stylist that I will return to! Kennedy is the BEST!
Cool store with lots of great finds. I buy most of my children's gifts here. Wish they put a bit more effort into their website (like hours of operation).
Great toco's, staff friendly...love salsa bar..\n\nVery clean and fresh!!!!  Had chicken, carne and quesadilla...   great addition to this complex!
Awesome food and service.  Usually very quick to get food (unless restaurant packed).  Huge portions.
Good ambience. Average food. Ordered dal makhani and paneer Tikka masala. Dal wasn't that great, paneer was average.
A good selection of sushi and sashimi. Also fair portions for relatively good prices. The food is mostly traditional Japanese restaurant food.
Have been here a few times, keep thinking about the service and people will get better... But nothing changes. And everything is really dirty
Great comfort food. The sliders are incredible. I've probably had them 20 times and I live in England.
Food was ok. I just don't get why everything in MGM area is way overpriced!! Its not worth it. Go somewhere outside of MgM properties.
Awesome! The KFC is the best in town! Service was great, our waitress was attentive and pleasant.
It is what it is. Good Hotdog  add kraut and onions. Nothing to complain about. And then there's the fries.
Great price for some great drinks (and potent to say the least). The bartender is super friendly and chill.
Go to services is punctual, prompt and efficient. They did a tremendous job, my home is immaculate!
My favorite ramen place! Everything is absolutely perfect.  And thanks for amazing ice cream.
Horrible business. Flat rate $9 shipping regardless of size of order.
Cheesy Greasy Crispy Delicious Calzone.  Enjoyed the banter and good food very much.  Great place to eat.
Great food for reasonable price. The bulgogi spicy  tofu soup was delicious. Seafood pancake was surprising good, crispy and tasty.\nFree shave ice for yelpers!
LOVE this place!! Best food and great pricing!! Service is always wonderful! I've been coming for years and will continue for many more!!
Very delicious and inexpensive, fantastic service. The butter chicken is amazing as is birani
Old dry chicken and gravy had no taste. My favourite thing about KFC is the gravy and it tasted like water.
Absolutely the best sushi roll I've ever had in my life! The \"Sean Spicer\" roll. The staff was friendly and fast and seriously the best King Crab ever!
The grilled chicken sandwich was a joke. It had like one table spoon of chicken in it. It was tasteless I threw it away half way.
The only thing that tasted good here was the Chicago dogs.  The fries were terrible and the Italian beef was subpar.  Probably won't go back again.
Horrible experience. They don't speak English and they don't honor their online pricing , they will try and up sell you as soon as you step in there.
Extremely slow service. Waited 30 mins for two orders.  Will not come back again. Worst burrito place in town.
Great food. Friendly staff fat food healthy this place has never failed to provide good food.
Typical Jimmy Johns.  Great subs. Fast friendly service.
Went back again. Good stuff!
They do good nails prices are okay.  Should probably make a appointment they are usually packed! Love my coffin nails
Very disappointed the lady cut my finger TWICE with a nail filer she was super\nRough and there is white stuff under my nails
Good food ! Jesus is an excellent waiter and he is on top of his game. We did not need to ask for anything
Favorite place to shop! It is all about experience at this Whole Foods. Clean, safe, convenient
I am losing weight and understanding better how this is supposed to work! Jennifer is great and very through\nThe staff Is wonderful also!
Best pizza I have ever had.
Stopped in for lunch, love the cheese panini but today I had the meatball, good meat, very good sauce. You should give defalcos a try.
Good food. Nothing spectacular.  We had the shrimp plate and the chicken plate. Rice is really good. Salad dressings were OK and not very Greek.
Pretty good pizza but my wings were killer! All the food is good, love the chicken parm!
Amazing authentic Chinese food. The steamed pork dumplings, eggplant with minced pork, beef in chili oil are my favorites.  The service is friendly and fast.
This is the best Chinese restaurant. I love the servers, they are cordial and generous. It is $8 for a filling meal!
Julie did a wonderful job on my nails today! I really enjoyed talking with her. I love the color she helped me pick. Thank you Elegant Nails
The food quality has decreased significantly.  Service is not very attentive and in some cases borders on plain rude.
They made it very simple. Made an appointment and came the next day. There's no need to wait for hours.
Great service and good Mongolian beef lunch special w soup and egg roll only $8 plus good hot tea for $1. Very pleased w left overs for later.
Adanely thank you so much for a great breakfast experience. The fruit was the best part of my meal.
Can't rate food - but you can't beat a bar that brings out a bowl of candy to eat while you drink!  Will definitely be back!
This sheetz has the best ketchup and ranch. If looking for a tasty bite to eat, stop here. The air machine never works though.
Nice and friendly place. Service is great as always. My son enjoys the Thai tea and chicken tenders with ranch.
We ordered  breakfast torta with ham, the ham was salty and thick cut, not my preference, green chili at sauce bar was excellent, breakfast burrito with chorizo was great.
I loved this place and would eat here almost once a week, but i went there Friday (5\/27\/11) and it said it was closed and relocating.
Their shop is large, but not much for accessories, they do have a good return policy, assuming you have a receipt and everything is still in the package.
Amazing pies! Banana Cream and Peanut Butter Chocolate are out of this world. \n\nGreat service and very friendly. Will definitely be coming back!!
We go here frequently and my toddler calls it \"The Ice Cream Factory\", always great.
good and cheep\nthis is a institution next to asu 100,000 's  of poor students have fought off starvation here for 50 years
Yummy chicken and waffles my favorite. Omelette were yummy toast was very good. Good place to eat if you are staying at Trump.
Debbie is the best manager, the staff is great too. They remember everyone and their drinks!
Have overlooked cornerstone as it has been there forever...but food is exceptional. Best Sunday brunch in the area!!!
Pretty aloof pharmacy staff. They give conflicting information and seem fairly clueless.
New favorite Breakfast\/brunch place! Lives up to its name!! Try the pumpkin pancakes. Delish! Everyone who works here is friendly and accommodating! We will definitely be back. Pure Eggstasy
The chocolate chai iced tea is very tasty, as is the Japanese-style cheesecake. Also, the staff is super friendly!
excellent service, doctor was very knowledgeable, price was reasonable, rooms were clean, staff was really friendly
Great food...great personality.  Wish they had a couple of more TV's for sports.  Would definately recommend as a great place to socialize.
Just received the best shellac mani+pedi ever! These girls take time to make sure you are looking your best, and the products smell divine!! \n\nWorth every dollar!!!
Delicious barbecue in downtown Matthews. I think it's one of the oldest barbecue places in the Matthews area. Quite delicious and I highly recommend.
First time here, food was really good, good service and not expensive. They have some really good special. I gotta say its worth the drive from Lakewood.
Very pricy for the quality of food you get...definitely don't come here for the service.
love it, bigger place that i went before. My son loves the colorful wall (nemo & dory). The Doctor & Nurses are very nice, fast & friendly.
Great food, great service, friendly atmosphere. One of the best food places in Pickering.
Half orders available and rice paper made this a great option for me. No complaints. Standard sushi menu.
This place is outstanding to go to. Great blend of people who have the same mindset, to have a good time. Beautiful bartenders, affordable drinks and great food.
Came here based on Yelp reviews, and it lived up to the hype! Pad thai was excellent, and my wife's yellow curry was really good as well!
This is the best Ramen I've ever eaten. It's not close.
It was awesome!! Messy so do plan to wear the gloves they give you.   The food was tasty, quick, loved it!
Really cool venue and my food is always delicious. Service can sometimes be an issue as this place is so large.
Mexican & Southwestern favorites with the coolest twist. Well worth it for ambience, location, food & service.
I've only been here for brunch, but it was great! I had the \"Chilaquiles en Salsa Roja and Huevos\" and loved it. \nNice atmosphere, great staff.
Well if you want crappy service, then this is the Dunkin donuts for you! My coffee crunched, IT was so sweet and disgusting) )):
Wonderful store, people that work there are very helpful.\n\nA bit pricey but worth the money.\n\nYou get what you pay for!!\n\nWould recommend the classes they offer. Lots of Fun!!
It was beautiful to watch!! Great theatrical vision! Beautiful dancing and the music paired so well with the dancing. The story telling was great.
Their food is ok.  I would not call it special or extraordinary, but it is not bad.  The service is less than desirable.
Had a great experience here.  Ed was very helpful and friendly. I can't wait until I can come back
I had to replace the windshield of my minivan. They were awesome and the price was the lowest. Thanks again
Panini buoni e originali, comodo e ottima location. Forse un po' expensive. Personale cordiale e simpatico.
I had high expectations from this place because a co-worker suggested I try them. It wasn't memorable. It was just okay. 4 tacos cost 9$
The ONLY place I buy pizza in Fountain Hills!\n\nHOT-n-READY $5.00 pizza or hot wings...
I ate here back in November. Pretty authentic and good portioned bowls\/servings. Would come back when\/if I'm in town again.
Good food, our favorite so far in Charlotte,  nothing fancy just really good food.
The service I got here this evening was exceptional! It was very nice, pizza was done right on time, I was in and out of there.
Staff was so nice and accomedating when I went to the ER with my little one. Made our visit as quick and friendly as possible.
Dr. Gunter is very condescending. I will not return to his office ever again nor would I recommend him as a dermatologist.
Expensive but clean and the staff is super nice. They always have fun promotions and are flexible w hours etc.
Friendly and very helpful staff. I buy all my dogs necessities here and he loves coming into the store
Just a thought.... but it might be a good idea to add hours of operation.\n\nT\nI\nP\nS\nA\nR\nE\nN\nO\nT\nW\nH\nA\nT\nI\nW\nA\nN\nT\nE\nD\nT\nO\nP\nO\nS\nT
Awesome guys and awesome work! I took two cars here and wouldn't trust anyone else. You won't regret going to Omar's!
Great bar.  Horrible treatment by one of the bartenders.  Rude and disrespectful.  I hope that the owner reads this.
Food is great. Love the skirt Steak and the guacamole is fabulous. A must stop whenever u are in mandalay bay.
The Pho is absolutely amazing. Slowly becoming my favorite place for chicken pho. Cool vibe inside, family owned and super friendly. Great spot def worth checking out
Absolutely rude service and only half the hotel is renovated! Worst stay ever!!!!
Lentle Soup is quite good. As is the Lasagna. Great servers with lots of smiles. Definitely would recommend.
Nice selection of clothes from up and coming designers.  Kim, the owner, is helpful and choses a nice selection of clothes and jewelry.
Customer service sucks!! I stood at the counter for about 10min. Before anyone asked if I needed any help. RUDE!
Love the service and ambiance of this hookah spot.  Delicious food and you have to try the flavored iced teas.
BRGR and Burgatory have nothing on Bubba's.  The burgers are the best I've ever had and the wait staff is always very friendly.
Food was very good and great service. Abit pricey but the flavors in the meal are worth it.
When it comes to finding an extensive selection of 100% Agave tequila, in Sunnyslope, look no further.
Had our Wedding Reception dinner here in 2017. Wonderful! Very cool vibe inside. Large party of 11 handled very well.
It was really good and the service was great.  Sauces was amazing.  Friendly staff.  I was there was more side items on the menu.
Great service, awesome prices and good selection. \nStaff are very friendly and don't rush you. \nThe store is under new ownership
Very tasty but way overpriced.  You will leave hungry unless you order several plates of food.
Came for dinner and it was excellent! Ordered the spinach queso dip which was very good! Would suggest the steak fajitas!
Lunch buffet was amazing!!! Reasonable priced, they have cotton candy in the dessert section. Enough said!
Spacieux et confortable meme si un peu vieillissant. Tres bon iced latte. Gateaux corrects, meme si pas homemade
Loved the Greek Salad with Chicken Kabob - super fresh, healthy and delicious. The chicken was very moist, tender and flavorful with the perfect amount of grill char.
Great coffee shop. Fun employees that make for a great experience. Great place to drink coffee at. Would drink coffee from there on multiple occasions!
The location is convenient, the owner is on site, knowledgeable, and helpful.
Inattentive bartender and really just poor wings and Cobb salad that I did not eat but paid full price.  Just not a good experience.
Omg it's very delicious!!! Coconut curry, tom kha seafood, green curry - everything was so good! The staff is very kindly. 5 stars.
I have been going to this location for quite some time.  I have never been disappointed. Kim is the sweetest and best masseuse I have ever had.   I'm hooked.
This review is long overdue. Been here twice and the food is ok. The reason I'm giving the 3 stars is because of their awesome customer service.
Jason,I did that and they blew me off.They stated that they were not responsible.Verve also blew me off.So your post is worthless.
Great place for a quick bite. I had the pad thai, it was very good and came out fast. Excellent prices and friendly staff.
Have been here several times and never disappointed by the food.  Great Happy Hour specials from 3pm until 7pm.  Would highly recommend this place
I ordered the cheese enchilada and a Mexican pizza. HORRIBLE! The Mexican pizza was sloppy and cold! The cheese enchilada was decent, but definitely not going back!
Amazing service (Evan and manager), great food, upscale, casual environment that makes for a great night.
Does not open 'til 9:00 on Saturday. Cook says that has been the schedule for a year. Update your info, Yelp :(
Just a great place for breakfast\/coffee in the morning, live music and drinks in the evening.
Moms teriyaki is bomb.com. Amazing service as well!!! Will definitely be coming back!
Great food , Great staff , as they are part of the fabric of the place.\nThe bartender, Dom, the best in the city.
One of the best sub places in the valley. When I worked by here, I'd go here nearly every day for lunch.
Great staff all the way around. Would recommended this to anyone in need of physical therapy. Pablo is great to work with and informs you well.
Wow I'm so disappointed in this place!!! Sign out front clearly states that the drive thru is always open but there's never anyone there in the morning!!
Super clean and friendly salon. So happy to find them! Perfection My nails haven't been this nice for years! Very satisfied!
The quality of the ingredients really shines here. From the complimentary chips and dip, to the main courses. The tortillas are made beautifully and everything tastes fresh.
Took 15 min to get one burger combo in a line that only consisted of me and the person ahead of me. Not happy.
Great people who work here. Keep treating them well and your store will be a sun my life revolves around!
Took the hubby to see DEFENDING THE CAVEMAN and it was a very nice comedy. Great for couples.
This is so good. All good pizza and every thing on the menu is meant to be there. Great hipster soda and great service. Go here!
Best crepes in the world!  Friendly service. Awesome Taro Boba smoothie, shave ice, ice cream, fresh fruit. Something for everyone !!!!
Clean, great service, fresh food. Much better in person than the review pictures I found online.
We were tired and walking around aimlessly after one of our tours and stopped in for burgers. They are pretty good and not overly expensive.
Fabulous food fast great! I had vegan burrito other family members had crapes they were on the smaller side but amazing flavor. Hubby had eggs Florentine. He loved it.
I have been back several times and still love it!  This is one of the only two places in the valley I will go to for a Philly cheese-steak.
Amazing food, small cafe with great atmosphere! Breakfast menu is small and hearty food. A great find in Phoenix! Coffee was great too!!!
I couldn't get enough of the steak and avocado salad!!! It was absolutely DELICIOUS!!! The service was outstanding! I love this place!
We stayed here for my Bachelor Party. Great vibes awesome times.
Amazing flavor!...\nAnything that we tried was very flavorful... Happy hour offers good value.\n\nWill be back here again.
If the long wait durning a slow time wasn't bad enough, the burger was a mangled, unattractive and straight average-tasting mess.\n\nThe upside was that the fries were solid.
Great bar.  Bartender's ATTITUDE, an entirely different matter.  Who deserves such nasty treatment?  Hope the owner reads this.
Can't beat this place for lunch\nTry the sautéed chicken with cole slaw\n\nDishes are packed with flavor and meals are perfect portion size\n\nI'll be back
I've stay here few times before nice hotel! The stuff is not the friendliest but what the hell! If I get the same rate I'll stay here again
This is the best Fajita place in Vegas! Every thing was excellent from start to finish. And don't forget to have the sopapillas at the end of your meal!
Excellent as usual. Terrific food, atmospher, and service.
The staff here is amazing thank you Amy, and there is a gentleman there that always helps me as well! Always informative!
My favorite local spot to study, drink coffee and relax. Friendly customer service and delicious food. Support your local coffee shop!
Modern styles intertwined into a combo of cuisine between two cultures. Do not miss out on the Bandido.
Really good wine, and the best pizza I've ever had!  They made a tomato-less base one for me and it was freakin bomb!  Can't wait to go back!
um, WYNN.
Indigestion on a bun. Service was lacking organization. Lot of work with little out put.
First visit to the office and everyone was very helpful and welcoming. Explained all technical terms and insurance information in detail.  Would definitely recommend!
Love this little breakfast spot. Good food, huge portions and staff is really friendly :) If you want a good nap after breakfast, I recommend the Lumberjack!
Fancy place. Amazing food made right in front of your eyes. We had a blast and enjoyed the food.
Super amazing staff,can't get any better.Will definitely recomend my friends.Awesome job guys!!!!!
This is a great neighborhood bar. They're always rotating craft beers on tap and the food is excellent. A great place to hang out and enjoy the specials.
Love coming here!!!! Every single staff member  is absolutely pleasant. Highly recommend supporting this local business!!!!!
Thumbs down. This pizza is expensive if you add just a few more toppings. I gave it 1 star because of its thin crust which is my preference.
This is my favorite local hang out for lunch and dinner! Great chips and salsa and tacos... Ummmmmmm
The best H Tíu you can find in Montreal. The taste is very close to the street food in Saigon.
Went there to see corinne, my hair was a mess!!! She did an amazing job!! brought my hair back to life . Price was little pricey but worth it!
Love Pizzas and wings definitely we will be back to eat. Customer are very friendly. Beer to cold as well
Clean and spacious here. Also friendly customer service. However only 4 tables at the seating area for ppl who wants to eat before going into the theatre.
Good food.  Poor service.  Not kid friendly.  Not reservation friendly.  Three separate instances with poor experience.  One big plus is Sunday brunch menu.
great jerky and plenty of selection to choose from. the salesperson was also very friendly and helpful.
I travel to Vegas every now and then for business and I love staying here. It's clean quiet and the staff are So Friendly and helpful.
Great service! I felt like a regular on my first visit. My burger was really above average. The homemade chip where killer. I'll be back.
The chips and salsa were delicious, and the quesadilla was yummy. The margaritas were great, but a bit pricey! A nice rock atmosphere.
Great to-go food.  Very fresh. They alternate beef and chicken days. The tender meat reminds me of Turkish Donor Kabobs. Yum!\nBig grocery selection.
Great Hotdogs!\nWent there with my girlfriend cause we live nearby, will definitely be going again soon
Simple menu. ..tasty burger. ..fresh cut fries. ..low cost.  Customer service was even great. Thanks Terrance!
Finally! A Trini restaurant in Charlotte. A great place for comfort food -- goat, spicy rice and peas, and stew fish just to name a few.
I just spent 8 bucks on 3 specialty burritos and all I got was 3 bean and cheese burritos. And their drive thru took forever.
Really like the cafe-slash-bar concept. Very Aussie. Good people behind the bar. Good draft. Great coffee.
Classic diner vibes, great reasonable food. Staple of every trip out there!\n\nThe portion sizes are good and they are also great for large parties!
We've been going here for years. This is the typical America Dream business! Such wonderful owners whom truly care about your pets. You'll be happy you shopped here, Guaranteed!!!!!
This place is FANTASTIC!!! Wonderful customer service and super yummy pizza!! Great job!!!!
Really good pizza. Chicken Parmesan sandwich is awesome too. Highly recommend Jesse's pizza. Much better than Metro in my opinion. Great value for the money.
Great happy hour.  Reasonable prices. Pizza is thin but good.  And the wings are great
They call themselves a bakery and they close at 10pm. But they ran out of cinnamon rolls at noon and won't be making anymore. Bummer
The food was amazingly good!  Very reasonably priced!  Will definitely be our go to when we hit the movies.  5 Stars!  Great service too!  See you again!
Family owned business that is pretty good. One of the best, if not best pizza place in Strongsville area.
Outstanding scrambles!  Great food and friendly service.  I ordered the special - a scramble - which was the best I have ever had.  I'll be back.
Like the food but the girl that works the drive thru had the worst attitude ever I'll never go back to this location.
Not accepting new patients.  Why is it so hard to find mental health providers in Las Vegas?
great hotel. nice location too! gave us free hardrock cafe coupon for a mistake i made on line reservation lol. \n\nGreat service staff.
Tried the Tennessee hot. I don't think its health but it's pretty damn good!
\"Meh\" is the best word to describe the experience of eating here.
Really helped me out cars running fine and they did a full diagnostic on it. Very affordable price.  Nice and clean.
Great food amazing service and just all and all really cool venue. The staff was really nice, chicken and waffles is the truth !!! Lol #iRockParties
Great pastry and bread selection. Good coffee and a super cute retail section! I'll come back for sure!
A must if in Las Vegas, day or night. Best from the porch at Paris while enjoying dinner.
Great store and staff good job Camelback store !!! Great bbq the staff was awesome! Reminds me of Texas BBq!!! Good job guys! And gals!
We came here every day for alcohol. Yummy. Just a short walk from the Bellagio Hotel & Casino where we were staying for a convention.
Love this place. Deliveries to my work every time and has a great lunch menu and good prices.
Been to pita jungle several times. Food is generally good. Ordered the wood fired salmon tonight. It was a little dry. Food is reasonably price and ambiance is cool.
Great place for comfortable shoes! Many awesome brands! Birkenstock and Algeria are my favorites! Tony and Tashari are always so nice and helpful and knowledgeable! Thank you :)
Are here all the time when I worked closer to it. It's one of my favorite sushi burrito places in town. Great menu and everything is good.
Amazing, amazing, amazing! Best Thai food I've had since I went to Thailand... It's pretty much comparable.\nPrice is reasonable, service is fantastic and the food is unforgettable.
Everything on the menu looks delicious, good atmosphere and nice food! Seafood dishes are delicious!
I always love chinos.... one of my favorites. I have been coming here for many years and never displeased.
They do a great job! But can be a little slow so make sure you plan for that! But overall a great, clean spa!
Michael is the best server ever!!!! He had great wine recommendations, and was super attentive to our needs.  I highly recommend this place and Michael.
Craving Tokyo Lobby as I write this, one of the top spots on the W Bell Rd Sushi corridor! Great food, great service, always a fun time!
Hands down, some of the best juice in Vegas. Pre-bottled, tons of selections and delicious. Always a good choice to come over here when I'm in town.
Food was great, waitress was horrifically rude. Must be the worst waitress ever! Tip? None!
The cherry cheese cups and the pumpkin donut with orange icing are awesome.
This Money tree location has the best staff in town! They're very friendly and polite. This location is the one i prefer to go to
Food is so good! Service is great too! Food did not take long at all to come out either. Highly recommend for vegan option, however, overpriced.
First time visit - definitely won't be the last!  Delicious vegetable pad thai, Kung pao chicken and egg rolls!  Want to try EVERYTHING!
Super laid back on a Friday night. Very cute spot for a chill date night. We ordered chicken tenders with parmesan fries, TO -- DIE -- FOR.
Don't miss the Thursday Night Happy Hour, $2 off craft beers. Still would be nice to have a food selection.
She does a decent job on my eyebrows, but I don't like her bedside manner.
A wonderful film festival. Got to see many films and they have brought many directors of the films there. Plus great food offered.
Had the chicken schwarma and falafel with a side of jalapeño hummus. It was so delicious!
SCF offers a challenging place to train and improve, without feeling like you are in a bootcamp.
Standard Pittsburgh, could-be-cleaner-but-I'm-not-scared, no-fancy-spa-feel, nail salon; meaning, no BS\/job gets done! My toes look amazing. Them and the customers are smiley.
Great services for a great price. You get what you pay for and this place is definitely a good place to spend it.
Always a treat to eat here..never leave disappointed. Food is delicious and came out quick..atmosphere is good and service is great
Renovated in the last few years.\nFantastic arancini (rice balls) .. best in the city. . Like home.\nThey keep it traditional Italian. . Which being Italian I love
Worse del Taco I've ever been to. The black guy at night is rude and unprofessional made me lose my appetite I'm never going back to that location
Have not had a bad meal there yet. The Portions are great and the prices are not too bad. It is truly authentic just like my Italian Grandmother!
This is the worst hotel I have ever been to. They are liars and have inflicted unnecessary charges. They have damaged my car.
Fabulous! Great steak, great cocktails, great service! We were lucky to have been given a gift certificate and enjoyed every bit of it! Will definitely go back!!!
For my first time ever! This was awesome great service. I got a spicy chicken sandwich.. It was totally wicked. Greatest food experience yet. Presentation was on point
The slowest drive thru in the universe but the food is decent. I usually get the Carne Asada fries with beans it's pretty good.
Fell on this place by accident, amazing accident...! Great food, great service, im sure to come back
Food was sooo good!!! Service was amazing! Thank you Tom Brady!!! Fried Green Tomato BLT and the Swine Burger were the best!!!!
Awesome staff and Dr Yee!\nHelped me out with an urgent eye concern!\nI recommend this place highly !!
We like it here, my only complaint was swearing in music on Saturday night. A couple other things I will be bringing to owners attention.
Burgers, fries, FRY SAUCE, milkshakes. enough said. The burgers were really good, especially with the thousand island dressing. One of my favorite burger places in town!
Great food everything was marked if it was gluten free so it made it super easy and worry free. We would definitely go back there again!!
Sales manager , store manager and employees all made our large purchase and delivery very successful.   Quality furniture and employees
My favorite spot to buy items for my hookah. Prices are reasonable and staff is always friendly and knowledgable.
Wonderful place! Very kind and gentle with our tiny family members.  Specialize in guinea pigs, hamsters, etc.
Not quite Lim's (75th and Thomas) that I grew up eating at, but the best place we've found in years. Nice staff, great food!
This place is super cool. The ambience and food are  AWESOME & the kids ate everything... we all did
Ok. Very good delivery service but pizza was just ok; a little doughy for me.
Great food and ambiance. Service was average, bartender lady was rude.
Hey, its airport food, how good can it be. It wasn't terrible, but the meat was not quite hot and a bit on the tough side.
For the price, probably the best \"UN-High End\" buffet. Not saying it's cheap..but certainly very reasonably priced and well worth the money! Great selection and food is tasty.
Feels like a lil piece of NOLA in da desert! People are friendly and welcoming. Food is good!
Great place.  Had wine and wings on the patio.  Nice way to spend a cool evening with friends.  Service and food was very good.
Great stuff! Reasonably priced with a huge selection. Will go back every time I got to Vegas !
Great vegetarian and meat dishes.  The tandoori chicken is good.  I've been to a lot of great restaurants in Delhi and Rajasthan and this place is on par.
Good food and I love the ambiance ! Henry ( owner) is very hands on , personable and VERY NICE ! This place is awesome !!!
Thanks for hooking us up! Great service & nicest workers.. Has nondairy cheese that is yummy! & offers student discounts. AWESOME PIZZA :)
Pros:\nFriendly staff!\nQuick service\nHave both outdoor and indoor seating\n\nCons:\nThey do not accept star reward purchase \nHave to enter through casino\n\nWould certainly go again when in the area
Nice place but the food was only mediocre and on the pricey side. . Ambience was good
Had brunch at bouchan. Yummy! Very wonderful customer service and a beautiful hotel\/restaurant
Love the burgers when they actually cook them. Make sure you aren't eating half raw meat.
The crab legs are tiny. There's no meat in them. The food could be better, especially for the price ($49.81). I don't think we will be returning.
Awesome experience and food... I really liked the atmosphere, just wish there was a bit more seating  ! Salad was great
General tso's chicken is my all time favorite thing...this place is spot on everytime
Great service, great food, great place! Highly recommend it. First time here and didn't disappoint. We ordered the shrimp fajitas and got large delicious shrimp with all the fixings.
Great local greasy spoon run by brothers Sleva and Kumar. Servers Helene and others make this a great place. Pizza, burgers, sandwiches, steaks, souvlaki, fish'n'chips  choice is endless.
Very friendly, clean, pretty place to live. Gated Community. Good maintenance help here as well. Recommend highly!
One of the best doctors I have visited so far, he's full of knowledge and knows what to do. I felt light, my back and leg pain desapeared
Consistently Great Food!\nWe eat here every time we are in Scottsdale!\nMet the great great Granddaughter of the original family that still owns the restaurant.
We had a lovely dinner on Saturday.  Our waiter, Jeff, was attentive, knowledgeable and made our night out memorable.
Very friendly staff, wifi, and good food! The happy hour looks really good. I'll definitely have to drop in for that.
I always make sure to eat here whenever we're in Vegas. Portions are massive and it helps battle the hangover! Get the french toast ambrosia- you'll thank me.
Products work good for me. At 51 and I've added strength and size as well as leaned out with the staffs recommendations. Top notch customer support!
Great food. Not too expensive. The best chicken parmesan I've ever had. Unusual lighting technique inside.
I must order to go about once a month from this restaurant.  Food is always consistent.  Hot. Good.  Great family food.  Kids love it.
This location has 7 tables that were dirty, took 15 minutes to be seated and 30 minutes to get our food! Great food but that's it.
Great food. Great people. Great management. And strong drinks! Perfect spot to unwind during happy hour. Also - brunch menu is amazing and delicious!
Another Sam Fox unique concept. Took some colleagues for lunch had the turkey pastrami on a pretzel bun tasted excellent. Great place for a lunch meeting in Downtown! @debbieporterfrc
Signed up my 5 yr old son. Great instructors, very good with the kids. I highly recommend them.
I've come to update my review to brag some more. Their food is incredible!! Everything is fresh!! Amazing food!!!!! Must try!
Amazing eggs benny. Trendy ambiance too.
Great food, good service. Bacon ranch fries! Best friendly service I've had in vegas yet! Thanks to marlene E & her crew!
Called ahead for a specific shoe item & was told they had it. We get there and same gentleman tells us the don't have it. WTF?
The staff at this locationreally do make the best drinks than any other location I've been to.
Great apps. Server doesn't really have good English though so that could be frustrating. Prices on the higher side but dishes are unique.
Hygienist rude and unprofessional! I will not step foot in this office again!
The studio is unique and their expertise is so wide it will make any picky customer happy -ask for Tolga very talented photographer !!!!
Loved this place! The outdoor seating was nice and misted, definitely a cool ambience! I got the lemon blueberry French toast and it was perfect!
Sleek, modern and fresh.  This is a great location with fab interior decor.  I hosted an event here very last minute over the weekend, they were friendly and accommodating.
My favorite for Pt. Breeze\/Pittsburgh East End. Flat New York style, not greasy, timely delivery, they know my orders!
Food is outstanding. If your a craft beer person it is a great place to go. However I am not.
while i don't eat steak\nor drink martinis\n\ni can attest to seeing at least 3 celebrities and 4 nfl players\ndoing just that\n\nfun for drinks\nand people watching
Had lunch today. Chicken curry had more potato filling and that was disappointing. Restaurant is OK, not 5 star
Great venue, poor coordination when it comes to wedding and reception. \nWe had a terrible experience with the staff during our wedding last year.
Awesome-more bikes than the eye can see or brain can comprehend. A must see if you've ever ridden a bike in your life.
Great natural ingredients, simple and wonderful.
Good boba drinks. Very friendly staff.  The only sugar free drink is the black or green tea.  Wish there were choices for low sugar boba drinks. Love boba tea.
Great food great service and they have an awesome lunch specials for only $5.99 schweeeeet! !!!
To quote my son the food was amazing.  Good variety but not too big that quality is sacrificed.
Great burgers!  Nice and small away from the busiest of Hoover damn!  Must try the pound puppy dog!  Service excellent!  Stop here for a great meal
F'king amazing!!   Pollo Rico!!!  Stuffer with a flavor from the gods!! Jalepeno Creamcheese  and white tender chicken smothered in cheddar!!
Foods is always good but the time it took was absolutely terrible. Waited over two hours for food. Will probably never go back to this Melt again!
Always hits the spot!  Their french fries and Italian ice.. yum!
Horrible customer service.  When made light of the horrible experience no response.  There are many other dog training facilities around. I would advise to look else where.
Oops! This Church's Chicken Restaurant has been closed for over a year!
This is my favorite pizza place! They greet you and truely try to get to know you by name. Neopolitan style Margherita Pizza is Bellisimmo!
What can I say? It's In-N-Out. Burgers are terrific. Service is great. And this particular store is not that crowded like the other In-N-Outs in Sin City.
Great location of an already great chain. Very friendly, fast, good portioning, and of course, great food. Definitely my go to place in the Wexford area. Two thumbs up
Yummy gyro and really fresh tasting  ingredients. Love their kids menu and takeout is fast and convenient!
Stick with Canes which has real pieces of chicken not nuggets! This place is overpriced.
The crash from that \"extra tasty crispy\" high is pretty harsh.
Clean place with good prices. The cheeseburger combo tasted great. The workers there are very polite.
Nichole never disappoints! Once again, I love my cut.
You guys need to fix your cheap and slow web site.......  is really annoying....take forever..!!!!
Best pizza in town , very thin crust , great sauce , fresh toppings !!! Alway great!!!! Happy
Found this place by searching yelp and had a terrific lunch here! Lovely interior and friendly service - huge portions for lunch! MUST try the flat bread!
Food was outstnding.  Service needs work. Chalk it up to opening month growing pains.
Still a little slow for teppanyaki but it was worth the wait....our chef was great....very friendly, good food!
Shaina is the best at what she does! She makes you feel comfortable and at ease. The new place is so nice and inviting! Love it!
I'm born and raised in Hawai'i, and live in Des Moines.  When I get to Vegas, first grind stop is Island Style.\n\nDude.
Very professional and painless. I would definitely recommend to friends and family. Thank you guys for making my teeth white!
Simply amazing experience.  The team that runs this is really wonderful, approachable and fun.  I highly recommend this for stress release, team building or just fun!
Friendly place with good food. Try the grilled shrimp:) Watch out for the happy hour guys they have no social skills...lol
Their banana splits are THE MOST!!!  I don't know why people bag on them. Good stuff. I just wish the one on Banksville Road didn't close.
Have become a regular here for breakfasts, which are great. Friendly and unpretentious. A nice addition to the neighbourhood. Curious to try the dinner options and pizza.
Best dinner specials around! Appetizer and two rolls (specialty rolls included) for under $15
Its a real hit our miss if you get the you order right and the dough could be cooked more
drove up to an empty parking lot. They're in THAILAND until the F**KING 23rd or some sillyness like that. lol
Always very thorough and helpful!  Thank you for your support and knowledge, makes this stressful event a piece of cake!  See you next year
The chocolate here is both beautiful and delicious. The cafe is adorable; definitely a nice place to sit and enjoy dessert or a drink!
THIS WAS AMAZING! I went with my bachelorette party and we had such a good time, 10\/10!! Thank you Shadow for all the help you are perfect!
Frozen everything except the white wine which was luke warm. We will not be coming  back any time soon. \n\nBummed because it had so much ambience potential!
Awesome food, awesome prices, great and fast service.  The ambiance is lacking and the inside is pretty basic, but yum yum yum!
Always helpful and asking all questions to make sure we don't miss anything while filing out our taxes! Very helpful staff
We ate here while in Vegas a couple of weeks ago. What a great place! Breakfast was delicious with huge servings. Staff was very friendly.
Such a fun and supportive atmosphere. Leaves you soaked in sweat and pushes you! Instructors are great!
Love this place! Been coming here for years! The food tasted home cooked, and the tables were great! Small buyins & VERY friendly atmosphere!
Super slow service (almost 1.5 hours) and really unorganized. The food was really good even though they got my order wrong. Everyone speaks French (one guy spoke English).
Sugar Factory has the absolute best gift baskets.  This is a gift that never fails to impress.
great great food , good prices , great ambiance , great  waiter korean and speaks Spanish amazing !!
I came here in November for my bachelorette weekend and it is a seasonal place. But I have loved coming here in the summer. Fresh food. And amazing atmosphere
I just moved close to their area and I was glad i found them. The massage experience is amazing and consistent. Highly recommended!
Pretty tasty pizza and excellent italian pinot grigio! Great service and friendly staff. Does not beat my favorite pizza place in Arizona called Lamplight Pizza.
Great place!  Food is good and prices reasonable, enjoy the fact that they are friendly. Wish they would get karaoke back.
They have really great, different items here.  Candy bacon, grilled Brussels sprouts yum yum.  Only problem we couldn't eat all the food.
Bar service is sooooo slowwwww.........the mixed drinks are terrible...in short the bartenders need retraining.
The pizza is fiend, cheese for $11.25, the ranch the the goat, I'm 290 and get full off 4 pieces. It's huge. And the waiter, the goat.
Food was phenomenal.  Waiter was knowledgeable and gave great recommendations. Top notch service in all areas.
the people here are always super nice to me. i had a terrible experience at PV Postal and these guys handled it so much better.
Purchased a sofa there recently, had great customer service throughout the order process. The sales women that helped me made the process very easy!
This is our Sunday lunch place! My whole family loves it. Its not dirty, that's a bunch oh bull! Its very clean and the staff are all very nice.
We just moved here from SoCal and We don't have anything like this in LA! This station ROCKS!!! It's nice to listen to a real rock station again.
Tacos were good, but they completely forgot about my order and after telling them of the mistake took me another 10 minutes to get my food. Disappointing.
Finally checked this out. Staff was super friendly, knowledgeable, and quick. Great service. The Twin Dragon was really really good!
It's Starbucks, what more can you say?\n\nThey're consistent with every other location I've been to, so they kept the status quo.
Not good, so sloooooowwww, F- all the way around. The place smells like dog pee also. Burnt eggs, and weird tasting hash browns,  fat and slow. night is ok
Every Tuesday they have $1.50 fish tacos after 2.30pm :)
Best hotel I've stayed at in LV yet. Plenty to see and do no matter what time of the day :)
I LOVE this place. Awesome happy hour and the food ain't bad either. But PLEASE get propane heaters, the fire pits just are not cutting it!
Fantastic authentic pizza!  I drive way outta my way to come and enjoy their world class pizzas!  It doesn't get any better
A disappointment. Overpriced food of average to low quality and value. Servers and atmosphere are nice enough. Drinks are insanely expensive.
Great outdoor dining & food is fresh. We'll be back
Something for everyone. I had sushi and my mom had a Thai curry. We both left content.
Food isn't great but the setting is!  Beautiful views of sunset mountain and city.
Wow!  Just simply \"wow\"!  The food at sushisamba was absolutely incredible. This is a cant miss establishment. Enjoy!
This is a frequent lunch stop for me. Amazing briscuit and homemade pickles. Highly recommend
Scheduled an appointment for a massage after a long day in conference. Best massage I've ever had!
Great customer service!!! Both a service and purchasing customer!!! Ryan Miller in sales is fantastic go see him!!!
This place is so great I'm planning a wedding rehearsal dinner here. Ask for Joe, he's the man!!
Fantastic customer experience!!   Looking forward to our MEB Managers Retreat!
Beautiful atmosphere with excellent service. Food was not as tasty and authentic as I expected.
If you are from a Little Italy back home then it is the Little Italy food and stuff place you are looking for in Scottsdale!
I recently discovered this place and im in love, I wish it was more affordable so I can have lunch here everday.  Such a huge variety there
Great selections, great prices, and great customer service. I won't be going anywhere else but J Crimi to buy my glasses.
Service was prompt. Both gamjatang and the UFO fried rice tasted really good. Seafood pancake was just ok. We will still come back to try other dishes.
Came on a Tuesday afternoon.  I got in and out in no time.  Staff was friendly.
Love their 21+ nights!!!   Reasonable and you can actually play without feeling like you are getting in the little ones way
Horrible service. Not only was the bartender disrespectful but the whole staff was horrible. The rude staff and below average food isn't worth your time or money.
Best place ever for vacuum repair!! Quick affordable service! Took vacuum in in a Monday and had it back by Thursday. Will be a customer for life!
Long wait times at times but staff is friendly and efficient, the security guards make it safe but don't take forever scanning your things.
I have fallen in love with this place! Gluten free wings, fingers, onion rings...make sure to try the pbj wing sauce-sounds odd, tastes great!
Amazing quality and tasting food, and excellent welcoming service. New favorite for sure!
Wow! Fresh made donuts are amazing. Skip Dunkin and make your way here. You will be glad you did. The Apple fritters are some of the best I've had!
Great Mid-town location. Has been there for several years. Some good teachers there. Small store. Check it out!
Confusing menu. Poor service. Mediocre food at ridiculous prices.
Here is the  In just got at McDonalds. Apparently, no one gets a fresh . Mine was BURNT!!!!
Crust was amazing! Love love their sausage  and mushroom pizza ! Thumbs up! \n\n\nAlso great cheese only NY style pizza\nGreat for a pick up
Simple paperwork, no hustling BS. Pretty much any size unit available at competitive prices.
Great atmosphere. Great way to get off the strip and relax and have a stogie! Nice selection of cigars that are very well prices! Check out this spot!
Sorry, but this place always smells like the sewer is backed up...the bar counter is always dirty!  & the bartenders are not nice or friendly.
Waitresses were very friendly and wear ass-less chaps. Burgers were delicious. Beer was cold. What more could you ask for?
The golden corral has some good food and you can eat as much as you want. Also has some good desserts to eat.
Very original Italian food. Even serve Sunday Sauce, can't find that just anywhere. \nMy husband and Iike to go here for date night.
Good portions\nGreat sauces \nDecent prices\nAwesome garlic bread\nUnlimited wine\nClassic dishes\nClassic old school décor\n\nGet ready to pig out here, You WILL be stuffed.... Certainly not gourmet but good stuff.
I've been going to VIP for years! Ask for Lan for a pedicure... she does an amazing job and gives the best foot rubs!
I come here twice a day! They have the best soda and cookies! The people are so nice and feel almost like family!
The Carne asada fries with bulgogi were phenominal. Their bibimbop is great too.  Definitley going to have to come back!
Excellent customer service. Walked in and got help right away from Les. Super attentive and very friendly.
I won't go to Vegas if I can't make a stop here!  Best piece sours, live the miso sea bass, and that Peruvian corn!  Always impeccable service!
Really loved this place, amazing for such a little bar, great concept. Definitely a cozy spot with great wine selection and CHARCUTERIE BOARD to die for.
Horrible waiting staff\/customer service, mediocre food. My rating is based on the food. The have a fantastic hot salsa.
Delicious breakfast and coffee.  Great price as well...only surpassed by the amazing service and genuine care that the staff and owner gave to us.  We'll definitely be back.
Casual place, everything homemade. If your not close, it's def worth the trip. Made to order, everything is hot and fresh.
Had Cassie groom my dog today. She did a terrific job.
Best pizza in Madison (Greenbush is a close second). Try it, you will be happy!\n\nPlace is pretty small though, so pick-up is probably a better option in most cases.
Server was attentive and very friendly. Food was great. We will go back foe sure. Would be great place to go with friends. Love the decor
Good breakfast. Great way to start a winters day. Service was meh but food was worth it
We've been waiting outside for almost an hour.\nGood looks good.\nStill waiting. \nGot here 12:00pm, now It's 01:00 pm on a Tuesday afternoon\nSo hungry!
Great social atmosphere for getting together with your friends and drinking cervesa.
I've tried time and time again to like this place, but the pizza ,,,hmmm..is mediocre at best...the pazookie ice cream cookie is great and so is the atmosphere..
Nice clean rooms and pleasant staff.  Great foot\/body massages.  Some of the music selection is odd (religious).
Over priced for the greasy food. The beverages we're tiny for a medium and weren't anything special.
Excellent selection, fresh food, the people at the fish counter are very helpful. E checkout girls are friendly and  I don't have to wait in line long.
Fantastic service, awesome beer selection draft and bottle, and great staff. Family friendly with a good tv selection.  Lesley was a great waitress.
Facility very clean and organized. Management very engaged and modeled good customer service skills for their staff. The food was hot\/fresh and the curly fries were hot .. Yeah!
I left when I noticed the utensils were not wrapped in a napkin.. just sitting there on the table.. gross
Super yummy authentic Indian food! Garlic naan and chicken vindaloo are a must try!!!!!!!
Consistently bad food. Unfortunate because it is such a nice, warm feeling pub. Decent drinks and service.
Pedestrian Thai selection and vibe to me as a frequent business visitor to the Las Vegas area.  Pretty close to my work-stay lodging.
Best mexican food! I love taking my family there because it is super affordable and delicious.
We spend new year eve last year and the ambience was great for the countdown and the food as well.
Duckworth's is a great atmosphere filled with good food and great staff. I highly recommend the Cobb Salad with Chicken. It's amazing!
The pizza and hoagies here are absolutely amazing. I do, however, recommend picking it up as delivery can sometimes take a bit long. Understandably so, the food is great!
The burgers are bland, the fries are terrible. Everything is overpriced, and the staff lack knowledge or desire to provide even remotely decent service.
Worst service ever...they are a confused disaster.  Give them 3 months before bankruptcy with this craptastic service.
Fantastic place.  Great wine tasting event on Saturdays\n  Beer on draft from many breweries.  The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly.  I highly recommend world Wines & Liquors.
Amazing Poke bowls! The fish is super fresh and the bowls are beautifully made. Love that they offer options other than tuna. Will definitely order again.
Great ambiance and feel good people. The food is also quality and unique. Definitely a must try place in Scottsdale
This is the best Pita Jungle I've been to. The workers are super polite and cool. Shoutout to Dwight in particular, great service!
This is still one of the best restaurants in Toronto, full stop. It has ben in business for 20 years, they must be doing something right!
Amazing food,  awesome service! Bottomless champagne mimosas were good and never stopped coming.  I'll be a return customer.
It works, don't expect more or less than food court food from your local shopping mall.
Fast, friendly and their food is amazing! Thanks for such speedy service! Best one I've been to in the valley!
The food was very delicious. Took my parents here and my family for a birthday lunch and food is veryyy good. Service is great too.
My new favorite place! I think the portion size is good. My favorite dish is the Thai curry shrimp. Fast and friendly.
Mediocre food. Nothing special. We enjoyed Flavor's Buffet at Harrah's much more! (And it costs a little less also)
closed\n\nas of april 29th
Best meal I had in Las Vegas. I recently went to New Orleans and ate at two different poboy shops and they don't even compare to Streetcar Poboys.
Mustard-fried double double protein style with grilled onions and animal style fries. A late night run that definitely hit the spot!
It was okay. The wait was too long and the prices too high. It was nice to try it out, but I won't be returning.
Five reasons to love AJ's:\n\n1) 32oz ice tea for $1.50\n2) Amazing fruit tarts\n3) Friday BBQ lunch specials \n4) Cakes, muffins, and croissants\n5) Always have friendly staff
Great experience. Easy scheduling, prompt arrival, and efficient work. 2nd time using Dodge and I'll keep coming back..
The food is overpriced for the quality. We've tried 3 different items and all have been disappointing. Good atmosphere and ok service but for the price, wouldn't recommend.
Always always delicious. Fantastic everything including the service. It is a must stop SEVERAL times anytime anyone comes to visit me! Awesome Awesome!!!!
Perfect place for a night cap! Just an FYI they do not have a full menu so load up on food else where and finish your night here!
5 Stars all the way.  Helpful staff, friendly environment, and  delicious pies.  What more could you ask for.  YUM!
Food was fantastic. Service was friendly and knowledgeable but could've been more attentive. \nGreat cocktails. \nFavorite dishes were the deviled eggs and fried chicken.
My favorite place for breakfast. They are consistently good and super friendly. They know my order and the prices are reasonable
Had a great time. Ate some great food. Nothing to complain about. Great interior and fun to be there.
Worst customer service ever. Not accommodating at all. The manager has zero sense of urgency or compassion.
Took my puppy for his first shots here and everyone was kind and I don't really have anything bad to say of the place.
Jeff did a great job! He was very professional and easy to communicate with. My windows and screens have never looked so good! I would definitely recommend him.
I usually order take-out soup there and Shirley (one of the managers) has been very rude to me. I guess it 's because I didn't order a lot stuff.
Their jerk chicken fried rice is everything!!! Please make sure to get this! Love their different combos and the staff is always open to helping you decide!
Great company to use for moving.  Will use again.   Used Beltmann Relocation Group back in April.
Great food very nice staff. I had the snail it was delicious. They closed at 9pm but they let us eat without rushing us. I will definitely come back.
Another excellent Big Burrito Eatery but this time island fusion. All the fish dishes are super.
Best Indian Food. Goat Biryani and Special Chicken Biryani are awesome. Buffet is so good with many special items. Don't forget to taste \"Junnu\"
I LOVE QUEEN BEE!!!! Everything here is just delicious. My favorite is the triple caramel cheesecake and the grape salad!
Great authentic street tacos with a twist!  The salsa is actually hot and spicy  which we like and the service is good from this family owned business.
This place was amazing.  The food was fresh, the building was clean, and service friendly.  I drove an hour to try this place and will come back many times.
Amazing selection and staff that are friendly and really know about the climbing near Las Vegas. Not to be missed, a legit core climbing shop.
You'll miss breakfast if you're up too late with a 100oz drink from Fat Tuesday. Still pricey, and very similar to all the other buffets.
best grocery store ever. Im here multiple times a month and the staff is always super friendly, the produce is great, and the store is clean!
Not a bad place.  The atmosphere is great and the food is pretty good!  I think the food can be a bit busy at times.  Sometimes, less is more!
Outstanding shrimp scampi and ham and cheese crepes! Went twice in one day. The flavors are delicious! And very filling.
The peppermill in Las Vegas is a great place for any meal.  Its portions are a little huge.
Clean and safe park elevated in foothills of Vegas so a bit cooler as well. Nice at night to occupy the kids
Excellent. I would highly recommend taking your car here. Fast service. I felt like I wasn't being taken advantage of. Great experience.
Chicken Taco is only $1 on every Wednesday and they open for 24hours. The food is kind of grease for me tho.
Gotta get the Chicken Katsu Musubi  The Fish Musubi was a pleasant surprise, as well.
Can't recommend.  Very few flavors and fruit toppings compared to Yogurtland and the taste just isn't as good.  And Yogurtland  provides free drinking water, Menchies sells drinking water.
The urban sauce is amazing! Everything was perfect and the king crab was the best I've had in a very long time. I highly recommend this place to anyone!
Coming out of town, the food here was great! The service was also great, and the workers were super accommodating with making he meal to our liking!
*Only* place in Phoenix metro where I can purchase Standlee Timothy\/Alfalfa Pellets which have no fillers or alfalfa !
delicious food. also polite staff, unlike the place a couple doors down in this plaza.
Updated review. Ordered a large double pepperoni Plus anchovies well done. This pizza was one of the best I've ever had and my name ends in a vowel.
I really enjoyed the salmon it was cooked perfectly,my friends had chicken Alfredo and a steak and cleaned their plates.
Best fast burgers. Cool concept for retro service and style.
Awesome service by these guys. Were able to haul away a gazebo damaged in a monsoon within 2 days of calling them.  Very communicative and friendly. Would highly recommend!
start the bulldozers start the bulldozers or light this place on fire what a toilet this place is \nway past it freshness date for sure
I love this place!!! Chicken and waffles and watermelon is the best!!!! Service always great. Food always great!!! Both locations I've been to are awesome. Vegas and Miami!
Great food and service. Has been since the place opened. Now its even bigger.
The best take out hibachi I have found in Charlotte. I get the vegetable hibachi and it has been amazing every time. The California roll is great too.
Best hommos, gyros, and baklava.  The owner and staff are always very friendly too.  Great place all around.
Perfect kitschy, greasy spoon. Will make this a regular stop in Vegas!
Great italian food. Like homemade
it's fatburger.... marked up for vegas but still delicious and worth it. hits the spot every time. way better than in n out.
Excellent bakery. Reminds me of home. Truly authentic baked good (especially the cannolis). This place is a must try. You will fall in love with the selection.
Try the quebecois pizza they have you won't regret it! Fast delivery and open until 6am!
Overall was good, except the Cheese Buldak, too spicy and salty.  Reasonable price, great quality food, for sure I will come again.
Authentic Sichuan food! Very spicy, especially the mix spicy pot. Highly Recommended!!
Love this little neighborhood doggy cleaners! They are always professional and caring :)
Great Restaurant, You should go on Monday's 1$ per Taco and you have to try the Bulldog. the Staff is friendly and they do a Good Service.
Jan was pleasant to work with and on time, love that in a Realtor! I love that she is green and saving our environment!
It should be khoury's fine wine and spirits and espresso. May not be the worlds\nBest espresso but definitely the best one on eastern!
Love the choices of caviar and great seafood. The rest i would say is just like any other buffet, not sure about top 4 in Vegas. Ok
The food and service was amazing. Ty was a phenomenal server, we will definitely be back!
Heather Goo is awesome!! Very impressed with the quality of service and prices.  Great attention to detail and very reliable.
I took my wire Fox terrier there for grooming. They did an excellent job. Our Woofy has been several times now and he always looks great!
Came for the view. It took over an hour for food to arrive and was cold when we finally got it. Poor customer service and left extremely unsatisfied.
This is one of my favorite Steak houses. The Food is always excellent service is to match. Great place for an elegant meal, hidden away in the Cannery Casino.
Excellent wings and pork fried rice they are so good that ive been there several times and always get the same thing big pieces of pork in the rice
Keya was great - she explained what she was doing and put my nerves at ease.  The results are just what I was hoping for.  I'll be back.
Huge breakfast, really creamy, tasty waffle & pancakes! We could have fed another person with all the food served, we will be back!
Hard to find and very small but would go back many times. Great pizza and very friendly staff. Snug and cozy works well at this wonderful find.
The owner\/cook\/server is a little cooky but the food is FABULOUS! Perfect amount of spice and good beer selection.
We come here once a week on average. Everything on the menu is OUTSTANDING! Great service - great local place to grab something good to eat at reasonable prices!
Excellent Thai food. Just the right amount of spice! I had the cashew nut and my wife had the Pad Thai.  They were both great!
Great food, good service, fun vibe, always busy for weekend brunch. Worth the wait.
I called for a same day cleaning and Splish Splash was speedy, professional and super friendly. Recommend!
Annie is the best...no Thursdays if you want to see her...worth the wait.  Everyone who does pedicures are great.
Love this place!  Good neck and shoulder massage too. It's super busy though so make an appointment if you don't want to wait.  Great customer service.
I LOVE Janette! No one can do better! Janette goes the extra mile to make me and my hair happy!
Visiting from out of state , made me feel at home , very nice people ,  solid haircut , if I visit Tempe again I'll come back.
I've been here several times for breakfast and lunch, and I love it.\nAs a mushroom lover, I'd have to recommend the portobellini sandwich. Mushroom-vegetable goodness in a bun.
I have tried 3 different veggie dogs and they were all fantastic. Lots of great options for vegetarians. They have man creative topping options to choose from. Highly recommend!
I could spend all day here! Grizzly Claws are amazing! The patio is so relaxing! And their white wine sangria is delicious!
Liked the product so much I purchases 5 holiday gifts this week. The packaging on the sea salt carmel choclates makes a beautiful hostess gift for holidays.
Smash style burgers and plenty of fresh ingredients. Love the french fry medley! Food came out fresh and hot. Hit the spot....two days in a row!
large menu, good service, food is good, Usually a long wait for lunch or dinner, place is very loud.
came in as a walk in and saw Dame. havnt gone anywhere since. quality cuts great environment
My favorite place to have brunch and lunch . The food is amazing . The atmosphere is great . I love how farm fresh everything tastes . Yum!. :)
I could go to postinos daily for their brushetta board. No wrong option on the menu and goes well with their wines!
With a very fake and annoying smile I was told they don't accept a reward for my beverage.
Came in the other night with a group of friends, knowing the name of this place I knew I was going to enjoy my burger! \n\n(Super Deluxe)
AMAZING. Best pizza place west of the Mississippi hands down. Perfect dough, and sauce. Quality that other places lack.
Well Hungry Howie's is by far my favorite pizza delivery place it's great pizza at cheap price
Love this place!  Authentic, reasonably priced with hard working employees who move quickly.   Delicious food.
Awesome chinease foods！Best tastes of sticky rice dumpling（糯肉烧卖）and juicy pork dumping（小笼包）\nService is not good，price is a little bit high.
This is my first and last time visiting this urgent care. The girl at the front desk was rude. There was also a power outage for a few minutes.
Great experiences. Have seen many movies and used the chid care.  The kid area has excellent staff.  Always clean.  Expensive snacks but not more than any other theater.
This is THE place to get your hair done! Flown in from CA twice to have it cut right.
This place is really good it's a chain restaurant but the food is always fresh I always get a taco salad or sometimes a burrito
Nice and clean with fun games. Pay the cashier directly to get extra tickets...don't use the machine! Ok prizes and overall fun!
Good place for lunch awesome atmosphere... By lunch I mean anytime but summer since there is limited room inside...
Absolutely longest wait for 1 drink! 25 minutes!!!!!!! Pathetic and never again will I come to this location!!
Great service great drinks! Had fun sitting at the bar last night. Manager was also very nice ty patty for our dinner;) we will be back soon!
I love this place! The food is great and great service. The pesto my chicken is bomb and the workers are chill. 10\/10 would recommend!!!
-Incredible chicken and waffles \n-St. Louis ribs were ok. They had this weird tasting rub.\n-Great bourbon \n-Bone marrow was the best. Looks weird. Tastes great
I love this lady!!! You're the first person I've met that knows how to work with my hair! I will see you when I come back to Vegas
If I could give it 0 stars I would. Absolutely disgusting food. NEW OWNERS. Such a shame. It was the best place in town. I'll never go back.
Stopped in at 2:00 out at 2:25.  Friendly great service.  I was pleasantly surprised at charge for 12 (very dull and neglected) knives.Recommend\nhighly.
Service is very good, My husband doesn't want I take his clothes anywhere else.
Not a big fan of the water but I'm sucker for the thrifty Ice cream when I;m not on a diet.
Very delicious and tasty!! I am very excited I got to try this place this out! I highly suggest the wings and chicken and waffles
Great new location since the fire in the old one. The goat cheese grits are awesome you should try even if you don't like goat cheese :)
Order the plywood...staff is helpless untrained and surprisingly slow...no one is in a hurry and no one works hard...
Good ambience, friendly staff, and delicious food. Nice selection of fresh food and healthy toppings like avocado and masago and brown rice and green salad base.
Bomb management, bomb staff, FIRE food.  best place in town for sushi, fresh drinks and a chill vibe!
My family had a great experience at iFLY!  The sensation of flying is amazing.  The facility is really cool and the staff are awesome.  Would definitely recommend this activity!
Service was indifferent and food was a triumph of style over substance which included a sub par biscuit and fresh fruit served in the skillet with the hash.
Great service and the food is awesome too! We had the Maple cider salmon and shrimp with fries. Both dishes were flavourful and had decent portion sizes. Highly recommend!
Spent a wonderful afternoon  at scooters pub.. the food was perfect and the service spot on.. Sunnie the bartender  was friendly and attentive.. I highly recommend. ..
Since I wrote my initial review, this store has drastically improved their customer service. Moved my rating to 5 stars.
Need an additional star for this restaurant, the atmosphere, service and food were ALL very good! I'll be back!!!
Hilarious, only at Dicks.\n\n5* experience. Good food and drinks. I recommend going at least once. \n\nService - EXEMPLARY AND DICKISH. \n\nHey, isn't that what you expect at Dicks?
Drinks are very good and the crab cakes. Everything else was so so. \n\nPROS: Ambiance, service, drinks, crab cakes\nCONS: pricey, food is average
I ordered the crab, and when I got it 30 minutes later, it was still frozen inside...and they weren't even busy for it to take that long. Very disappointed
I love the atmosphere and the vibes . It is kind of traditional modern. Besides they are nice and very welcoming.
This place is great. Veggie pizza, Turkey Bolognese, kale Mac and cheese & the salted caramel ice cream for dessert are my go-tos. Enjoy!
Had a really great  vegetarian pizza wife didn't let me any but a peace. Have to get my own now.
Great pasta and salad, my favorite was the penne pollo and Caesar salad. Servers are friendly and helpful. Usually not too busy during the week
Loved it! But more importantly my Taiwanese and Malaysian friend said it was authentic!
Going to give 4 stars to the posole, but mole was 2 stars. Super nice waiter and delicious horchata.
Love this location!  Staff consistently friendly and the pasta salad is da bomb.com! I recommend
Awesome place to go to, they had really great Sushi. It is also the best to go there when it is not busy. Loved it!
Outstanding job on my gel nails every month and now permanent makeup on my eyebrows. Everyone is friendly and professional and great prices too.
Food was good. Service was very good. Great bartenders. Lively ambience but very bright. Great for business dinners or informal get togethers.
If it weren't for the wonderful friends I would have walked.  So far I have stood for 2 hours and still have not gotten in.
Everything is yummy here.   Each item is better than the last.   (But the atmosphere is more than a little sterile and quite loud.)
This place has great atmosphere. The sandwiches are incredible. The beer selection is fantastic. Will certainly return.
Nice bar! We came here for beers but there are games and good looking food. We would definitely come here again. Good music too!!
Always super fresh food and friendly service. The bread and yummy treats here are worth the carbs
Absolutely love pacos!!!! Phenomenal food for an amazing price! Pacos hits it out of the park every time I come!
This church feels like HOME! Friendly Ministry there. Welcoming atmosphere. A Joy to attend Mass there.
Hostesses are not very inviting. Servers are friendly. Food is very good! Clean dining area and family friendly.
Really great Lunch we just had!\nEnchiladas quite tasty (ground beef), salsa was good as well as Chips. Solid place with excellent value too.
Such a good place for vegan organic everything really. Clean music is good decor is great and the yogourt is sooo good and they have these flavor dividers.. yup!
Miguel and Kevin are completely knowledgeable about comics and hand have the best comic themed coffee drinks. I love the Super Soldier Serum!
A go there for a simple reason. Darren can cut a flat top. The location is good. The hours work.
Always great food and fast service. Called in my order instead of eating at the restaurant. The hostess was great and my food was ready when I arrived.
Great staff and excellent selection of games. Love the game gurus and their recommendations throughout. Menu is limited for food.
Everything is delicious here!! From the drinks to the appetizers to the entrées!! Staff is super friendly and the management really cares about the service being provided
Love this store! The employees are always thorough and kind when I come in. Convenient location and so much quicker than the post office.
Amazing Crepes, people are so friendly and the granola is amazing too!! Keep up the great work, and I will keep spreading the word
Our family loves this dental office. Dr. Trevor is amazing! Great staff, very clean office.
Very even spray tan and faded well. Lasted a long time. Was a little orangey\/darker than I had hoped for, but was still very pleased.
Incredible food, awful service. Yet I'm still giving 5 stars...the food is that good!
Food was amazing! Great atmosphere. I've heard of this restaurant and finally made it and it was as good as I expected.
I love this place. Gabby is AWESOME! It was a pleasure meeting the owner, Paula. The environment is healing & magical.
Great family owned restaurant food hhas always been good. Can't beat the White pizza.
Charming dessert\/coffee spot. I very much enjoyed a giant cappuccino! Serving La Colombe coffee, this place has something for everyone.
Awesome service and awesome prices!!! Had a friend who is a cigar aficionado and went here via yelp.  He was impressed. My go to cigar. I'm hooked.
Great chill atmosphere. Excellent wine selection & offerings whether  by the glass, flights or bottles. \nOutstanding staff, well mannered, very knowledge, attentive & welcoming.
I was determined not to give a single star for this restaurant but it wasn't an option. Tried 5 dimsum dishes and hate them all.
An amazing place to eat! Love this place! Great healthy food. Great service and environment. Recommended everyone to try it out!
Phenomenal experience\/service\/ambience. Food was amazing and our server Ryan and busser Phil were extremely attentive and friendly. I will definitely be coming back again. Highly recommend.
I literally can go here every single day. They have the best Indian food! Total comfort food and in love with this place.
Hunan Jiu jia this place is so good\ncouldnt wait to come back after new years\ndo yourself a favor and order garlic eggplant\nand thank me later !
Our first time here , good customer service, great atmosphere, food was good. Kids had fun playing all the games . Great time with my family .
Great service from Lenny Himself . The cowboy burger is delicious . Onions rings are delicious . Highly recommend
It was really good! We payed $40 for dinner, soft drinks included. Great choice of a good food
Always a good meal.  Comfortable seating. Convenient location to meet up with friends in the eastern suburbs.  Well managed and pleasant atmosphere.
I'm picky on pizza...  This is fantastic Italian-style pizza with quality ingredients.  I will be back.  There is no equal in CMI for this style of pizza.
I'm usually satisfied with juns, but considering they only gave me half of my soup I'm not really happy with them
Great Food & Great Place to stop in and experience! Need a location in Seattle , Wa would be my only suggestion!
Good food, casual, and friendly.  We had the stuffed burgers with coleslaw and sweet potato fries.  The coleslaw is BOMB...kinda wish I was eating some right now.
Worst food I had!!! Customer service was horrible!!! Not once did the waitress fill my water cup!! Fries we're soggy and cold!!! Definitely will not be going back!!!!
Kouign-amann and almond croissants were very good. Go there in the morning or all the good stuff runs out.
come here and play ball with the fellas...clean for the most part good workout area, trying to become the duke soon.
This was one of the best meals I have ever had. This place is amazing. I had chicken parm and bruschetta. They also have an amazing wine selection.
Paul did an amazing job! I had IPhoneX screen replaced in less than 30 minutes!!!\n100% recommend Myvanurfix.
We loved this place...  great food number 1, great atmosphere & fair prices....  we will be back!
Awesome spot. Couldn't be happier with my experience.  Great cocktail. Great beer list.  Great service. I'll be back.
Smoothies are delicious, my personal favorite is the bahama mama. The location is not ideal and the service can be slow.
RIP. This place is now closed down. It is turning into another Lindo Michoacan.
Best bagels in the nation!  Since visiting NC, this was by far the tastiest food I've had.  If you're into the spices, you gotta try the Mateo Ranchero
Sooooo good!\nWent here for dinner on my 21st and they brought us amazing Sushi, amazing service, and even charged my phone!
Awesome quick bfast spot. Love the people here. Great smiles and always happy to see you.
Sandwiches taste great but it's 50% more expensive than planet Hollywood location. Bottled water is 5$.\n\nFor true experience go to Earl of sandwich in planet Hollywood
Bacon and cheddar cheese breakfast sandwich yum!! Staff is friendly and got my order in a timely manner
Love this nail salon! Close to my home, quality service, very professional, trendy ambiance. They have a loyalty program as well, I'm one visit away from a discount
The staff accommodated our party of 30 wonderfully on a very busy Friday night. And the food was awesome! Would definitely go back again!
The brunch was excellent. We loved the selection and the portions were large. Everything we tried was delicious!
The food is decent, but not great, opting for quantity over quality.\n\nThe patio is nice, and the service is quick-- which makes it an ideal spot for lunch.
Loved the flavors and variety.  The display is mouth watering.  The owner is friendly and makes all her own recipes.
Best café in Toronto. Great coffee, service and beautiful space. And the pastries can't be missed. Highly recommended!
Totally awesome.... i LOVE this place! Super customer service toooo :)\n\nI recommend everyone to try at least once.
Amy L. Was a great server. She is the best!! The food here is great. I had the chicken fried steak and eggs and the gravy is amazing.
Awesome food, great downtown location, beer and wine, they do take out. Also brand-new expanded dining room, come down and see
The owner was lovely to work with: friendly, efficient and gave me a great price to frame a very large, original oil painting.
Very very nice!  I love the spicy chicken and the sweet sour soup. Excellent quality and reasonable price and I will definitely visit once more
Does Not honor Yelp discount beware!\n\nI generally Dont like to give negative reviews. So i'll leave this open ended. Business for them seems good. my experience was alright...
All I can say is I am very disappointed.  Period.  Go somewhere else if you want to eat a good buffet.
Amazing food with great presentation, friendly staff with superb service and reasonably priced. Would highly recommend anyone to try... Also have a go at their lunch special
The food here is beyond great. The staff is polite. Very clean place with good prices. Definitely worth it to come here.
Was looking for authentic food and found a place that hit the spot! All of their prices were very reasonable (especially for the burrito). Excellent carne asada
The hummus here is to die for! Having traveled to the Middle East before, the tastes were very authentic.
Oh their weekend only braised beef soup noodle is so good. Very tender beef chucks and so much in volume.\nLoving it.
One of the best Italian grinders I've experienced. Bread and ingredients are super fresh. Hard to go wrong eating in a Italian grocery store. Great staff as well.
We had a great experience~~Took a nice long overdue bike ride and really enjoyed the quality of the equipment and service.
I get the fish tacos everytime!!! Never disappointed and love the fast service!
Ive been there a few times usually its a friday during happy hour but the staff and owner treat you very well will definitely go back!
Great service and great food. Ashley T was amazing!!!! Very attentive and great personality. Best server ever!
Goodwill does good things and the possibilities are endless! You can get whatever you are looking for and Halloween is right around the corner!!
Rude, unprofessional and incompetent.  Would NEVER recommend this company for appliance repair.
Chris Hertzog of Desert Living was recommended by Home Depot as a remodel contractor after our house was flooded thruout.  House is now done
Salad was very good. Rubin was tough and dry hardly no sauerkraut. Guess we are at the mercy of the cook.
Servers were very attentive and catered to our 2 yr old child, food was very tasty and was reasonable priced. Clean attractive atmosphere.
Sorry beats Kanes hands down! Chicken isn't over breaded, sauce compliments the chicken, not makes up for it. Sad more people don't know about it.
Sometimes I wonder if I'm too picky. I imagine that some hotels think so. Regardless, this hotel location was spot on in every way. Period.
The portions are huge and food taste great! I loved their hot and sour soup. And the pork egg rolls are awesome.
Good food a little too loud to have an intimate conversation but overall the food was good. I had the crab bites and salmon with grits which was delicious.
Enjoyed the food and history of this place! 71 years family-owned. I will definitely be back to visit.
Decent portion for an over priced order. Food had no special taste to it, and I should've taken notice to their name, NOO to noodles here
Case took two years but my attorney was transparent about the length of time and all the steps in my case.
Service was great (thanks Rizzo) and was very impressed with food. Overall, liked the vibe, service and decor. Will return often.
Great little place for dine in or take out we have tried both, everything was fresh and seasoned well, not overly salty. Great service.
Been back many times now... Always 100% excellent. I sneak in here as frequently as possible. Even showing up right before they close, the brisket was still amazing.
Love this place! My favorite breakfast\/brunch spot. Always good food and good service.
Great service, they helped me check on my homestead and filed the necessary paper work to get it done, fast and easy, highly recommend
Ryans pet supply has a wonderful staff in the repair shop. The best customer service in town.
Was there this past weekend and enjoyed it. Our server was great and very friendly. The pretzels are HUGE! The food was good. I would go back.
The chicken shawarma here is excellent. The ingredients all taste fresh, with lots of flavour.  Everything else available here looks great too. Very friendly service.
It's a good restaurant for students. Just a bit loud
I love this place Great food, a diverse clientele, noisey families and fresh baked naan bread to dip in your sauces. We drive from Scottsdale to eat here!
Always wonderful to see. Amazing how they choreograph the water to match the music. Simply beautiful.
I'll give it a solid 4. The crispy rolls were excellent. I didn't care for the tripe in the combo Pho but the rest was just great. Highly suggested.
My job took us here last holiday season for lunch. Everything I tried was amazing. Fast, quick service. Would love to go back!
Great place. \nQuick, Friendly, Helpful and great for specialty medications.
SO. EXPENSIVE!\nMy carrot cake smoothie was tasty, but not worth the $12 it cost after I left a tip. I cannot see any reason to return.
Great for a first time Indian visitor. Very large menu with friendly staff and delicious food.
Not a super big game room but ideal for birthday parties to keep track of the kiddos. Honestly, I come for the cinnamon bake desert!!!
Fajita Quesdilla was huge but the cheese didn't have much taste.  Great location & good service.  Salads are huge.  Standard pub fare.
Decent prices, all the parts you need and pretty good, helpful staff.
Prime rib was the bomb. Sushi looked awful, too scary looking to try. Deserts were awesome.
Cool spot !! Never had it before my daughter recommended it. She was right. Very clean and great food.
Great club, girls are hot and the staff is cool.
Great service, great breakfast! We got the banana split French toast and cinnamon roll French toast! They were delicious!
It's really good place to hang out with friends ... Their fried chicken is amazing!!!! Corn cheese is the best !! Highly recommend!
It's my first time place. \nThat was so much better than good!!!!\nGood taste. Feel like healthy.\nAnd good served.\nThank you  so much chef ^^
Incredible food, fun location and great drinks! A bit pricey for my taste but lovely for a night out.
First off I'm going to say that I love the decor! The server was nice but the food was just ok. First and last time here..
Really good food portions were kind of small and prices were kind of high.  But it's quality over quantity unless your starving. I don't think they have lunch specials!
Food was flavorful but I think I will visit on a slower day.  Food took a long time to arrive and when it did, it was luke warm.
Outstanding Customer service!!!! If your a watch collector or want a great piece of jewelry for the Mrs. Come by and check this place out!!!
The Assistant Manager was super nice and great customer service, will come again! The Shrimp avocado salad was delicious!
A wonderful place. Pedicure and manicure and I feel pampered.  I highly recommend. Such a nice atmosphere and the customer service is exquisite
Awesome shop! George and his crew are excellent barbers! Great vibe inside the shop. Well worth every penny!
One of my favorite places to get a good meal. They have the best burgers and fries. They make the really good ranch.
Supper clean! The owners are down to earth and very friendly. Great customer service!
I love this shoppers! Staff are friendly and the store is always stocked. The post office is always open late which is great.
You know, funnier than I remember it was.  He certainly is good.  I think between this and Joe Civillico, you can't go wrong on afternoon Vegas entertainment.
Just a great show. My favorite part of the show was during \" While my guitar gently weeps\"
Scallops were under cooked. Service more interested in drinks. 3 beets in the salad. Not acceptable. Wine was good. More interested in bar service.
Fish tacos are consistently delicious! I get them every time (or convince my husband to, so I can have a bite). Still love this place!
Anjoly was great! Quick informative and even gave our son a balloon. Highly recommend!
She was really nice and did a great job but it took 3 days get my skirt just for shortening.
Came in to watch the ASU game and sat at the bar. Jessica was our bartender and was awesome. Great chips and guacamole and drinks!
My local Thai fix.   \n\nEverything so far is delicious prices are also good for the portions you get
They have Frida's margaritas. 'nough said. Other than that, there's really no reason to stop in here.
Crab was good. Steak and brisket were really good. Good variety. Not amazing but really convenient while staying in the hotel
best tacos in town! mmmm, wish i was eating some right now. wonderful service too!
They lost our reservation for dinner.  Nice first impression thank you very much.  The food was meh with us walking out without full stomachs.  Go again? Hell no!
Elegant restaurant.....pasta amazing and love the fresh fishes served...very cozy atmosphere....the coconut sorbet is a must try...
Great staff and Dr. Merger does excellent work. So happy with my results and I felt comfortable the whole time.
A favorite of ours for birthdays and special occasions. The Evil Jungle Princess Beef is my go to dish!
The best Korean food in Arizona hands down! Prices are very fair, staff is very nice, we go there usually once a week. Highly recommend it.
I ordered two gluten free chocolate chip cookies with vanilla ice cream on Uber eats.
Got the special of the day some lamb shank. I'm glad I did! Supporting small businesses in the community always. #delicious #healthy #sabor #baghalipolo #Ahwatukee #Az
Just go and eat the dumplings please!! I will be back if I ever swing through Pittsburgh again. Amazing!!
Dirty. Popcorn all over the floor in lobby. Needs updating to keep pace with newer theaters.
Worth the monthly investment. Staff is great. Therapist ensures your comfortable and relaxed.
food isn't cheap. but they have great coupons! Good food!  Killer salads!
Ordered the Original Ringer Burger. Food was great. The quad fries were great, but not your ordinary fare. Will come again.
Amazing environment, wonderful service. My husband and I loved it. Highly recommend this place!
Food is meh.  I didn't like the food all that much and they were super expensive. I would spend your money somewhere else.
I had a great experience as always coming to this practice. Very professional and knowledgable workmanship conveyed here.
First I'd like to say the body work they did on my car was perfect, that's what their known for.
Great value for the money. All ages and economic groups come here. Don't miss the shrimp quesadilla
I went to shopper and I had great customer service.Also this location is close to the subway
Carpet Cleaning in Scottsdale. Very friendly and thorough with their services. Great pricing as well.
Great place with some great good! We enjoyed some pastrami and matza ball soup. The deli pastries look great too. Romeo our server was super, definitely recommend this place!
Went today and got the tempura shrimp and salmon burrito it was soooo good as the food always is!!!!
Beautiful arrangements and Friendly, Hands-on Service - Highly Recommended for Any Occasion!
Besides the food being delicious and prepare as ordered! The staff and owner are warm, friendly and charming.
Good place for street food in charlotte, though taste varies often. I personally like Gobi manchurian and indian pastries here.
I don't get the hype here? It was really bland food. The service was ok. Too bad the food had no flavor.
The best breakfast in the west Las Vegasthey have the best bagels in the best rap for breakfast very clean and free coffee
La viande de mon cheseburger était brûlé et seche, et la Poutine ordinaire .je me suis déplacer pour rien suite à une publicité vue à la tv.
Excellent! We got the curry and the eggplant . So gooood. Highly recommend. Very fresh and quick service.
Seriously good salsa! Awesome service and food. Love the margaritas, too!
This place is amazing. Friendly staff, and great services! They take their time and really take pride in their work! I will continue to come here.
I went early on a Friday afternoon. Very chill relaxed space. It is definitely a nice spot to chill relax and have good conversation.
Loved the pot stickers, they were a little crispy. I liked how the food was hot when it arrived. The pad thai is the best in the city!
Authentic Chinese Food. 干炒牛河 and 乌鸡汤 both taste good. Good place for people living in Venetian.
Great experience here!! Everyone was so nice and my massage was wonderful. Can't wait to try out the other services they offer!
It's pretty good! Nice caesars, decent lobster roll and the whale tail is pretty fun. Not super cheap, but good.
They have the best French frys....I love their #8 anytime combo. 2pc fish, frys, salad and drink! :-)
Better than sorrentos and care about the pitt community which is why I want to keep them in business, serving pitt students the best pizza in Oakland
\"They will be contacted\" NO IMPROVEMENTS. All is the same. No change to the abuse and neglect of their animals. If you go here you condone animal abuse.
Absolutely love this place.  The food is phenomenal and the service wonderful.  Bartenders great and they have live music too.  Great location for Ahwatukee folks.  Family friendly too.
These tacos are phenomenal oh my god!!!!! So amazing and the sauce bar in the middle is great. The inside is so cute and it's just a great place.
Hands down the best Sonoran dog in the valley!! I've been going to this cart for over 5 years now!!
AmaZing service, amazing food... BEST RESTAURANT EVER but only con is minimum wait time is 3 hours BUT IS WOrth it
Best place to eat in terminal C. Been here a few times now and the food has been great.
Love love love this place! Great service, delicious treats, super clean, if only I lived closer!!
Wow!  A good find in our own neighbourhood!  Reasonably priced, great friendly staff, and awesome food. We will definitely be back!
Our favorite Carniceria by far the best meat and seafood available all the freshest ingredients.. small and a great hidden gem! You can't go wrong here!
This is a must try dining experience for any Phoenician or any adventurous visitor!\n\nIt's unique and amazingly good!
Extremely average food for an above average price. The drinks are not very good. The old old fashioned was watered down and lacked body.
Never, ever disappointed with food or service at Blue 32! Best sports bar in the area.
Hands down the best espresso drinks in the Mile End. Also love their home-made doughnuts and the interior design, which is great. Music a bit loud at times.
Good food, pleasant service, cozy and pleasant atmosphere. Prices are very reasonable. I had the eggplant dish and it was cooked just right
You know that feeling where you like a place, eat their food several times, recommend it to friends, and then go back and it's no longer good? Yeah....
Fine wine, Perfect Food = Nice diner!
Vanna did a great job, always, but shes gone now,...anyone know where shes gone? Thanks
We bought 2 King and 1 queen mattress there. David is awesome, very helpful... I will definitely recommend this mattress firm to my family and friends.
Great coffee, good croissant, but horrible service. Skip this place and head down to Le Cartet which is ten times better and  amazing service.
when there on a friday night, was all pretty good.  Nice patrons, wines and atmosphere.
Gaudy.  Plastic trees.  Simple American menu.  Food is OK.  Drinks good.  Nothing special, but a Las Vegas showbiz landmark.  Everyone used to hang out here.  Kind of retro cool.
He is knowledgable and professional in his job. The wait time is little bed long, but I'm happy to have him as my primary Doctor .
I've been a few times already and have to say the food and service, never disappoints. Foodies need to try this place. Can't wait to go back
Abhorrent customer service. Everytime. Salad bar continually empty. Not enough employees. Poor experience overall and consistently.
Panang curry double chicken w\/ brown rice level 8 is BOMB.COM . I get take out here weekly! Very clean and healthy!
Great shop! Guys really know what they are doing. They did a lift one my F250 and it came out awesome. I would recomend these guys anytime.
Soooo good! Juicy delicious burgers with great simple toppings for a good price. The wait is a little crazy but the service is good.
Great food as always,our waitress \"Rachelle\" was super cool and very attentive....We'll be back!!!
Reasonably priced cocktails. Had Oversized jenga and other games to play while you drink. Went for the $1 beer special but was told that was discontinued.
Waited 45 mins for two scoops of ice cream and it taste old. Will not be back To this place
good pub food and ceaser's were great.  it was not busy on a sunday and service was good.
nice place.  They had a great guitar player that we listened to while having a drink for my wife's birthday.
Excellent job I'm so happy excellent customer service first place I like looking for something like this for 9 years finally founded....
Best tacos in the Northwest. Love the carnitas here it's perfectly cooked. Salsas are really good. Owners are great people and have excellent service.
First time here.. Tried it and I loved it! Great food and super nice staff. I'm a fan. I will go back again..
Service was good, but quality of the fish was a bit off, except the King Salmon was right. Cucumber salad was over pickled.
Inside the Sheraton\/Le Meridien complex in Charlotte, a very good dinner! The biggest (rustic) croutons in a Caesar I have had (50\/50) on that, but a delicious duck!
Did they change owners?  Cause the menu was completely different. 3 stars for normal Chinese food.
And in conclusion.....\n\nAlways on the search for an exemplary vegetarian meatball, this place did not disappoint. Good service and great meatballs.
Good quality food, big portions, friendly staff, and fast service.  This place blows panera\/paradise out of the water.
Geremy and Scott are a great team and did a thorough job. Keep up the great work!
Good food but bad customer service... very rude staff. The food is consistently good though.
Drunk or sober, a great place for a solid donair.  The owners are amazing, food is great and they just renno'ed.
So delicious! The waiter was so friendly and the service was quick even though it was a little crowded.
Excellent tea selection. Iced or hot. Comfortable cafe to settle in and work for a while.
Always great service and atmosphere. Very relaxing. The food has always been good. If you have a friendly dog bring them along.
Very friendly staff and manager. Efficient and not pushy to replace filters, etc. that don't need replaced.
Food's good and avocado on the menu. Yay!   However,  what's with the styrofoam cups and plastic burger boxes? Seems a little tone-deaf for 2013.
The taco fish, carnita and chori-cheese are the best. \n\nVengan a probar los tacos, están buenísimos, la gente es muy amable y el servicio es rápido.
Not bad overall, I just wouldn't recommend the veggie burger. I'm a vegetarian so that was nearly my only choice. It was very subpar.
my husband and I had lunch here.\ncute place, like cafe.\nsushi was fine. tonkatsu was different from Japanese one but still good.
This place is really great. The food is awesome and some of the best\/friendliest service.
nice atmosphere and good service.\nthe steak not worth the price and the portionwas very small.\nside dishes were good but again way over priced...
Simple but great. The service is always friendly and quick. The food is never greasy.
Lady that took my order is very friendly.  My carne asada taco is full of gristle.  Yuk.
Can't thank them enough!  They took excellent care of my bike.  Very friendly and helpful.
Small area to shoot pool in also not Handicap friendly. Seems like there was no table service in this place.
Great variety of food, very expensive in terms of grocery as they try to look more sophisticated than what they really are.
This place has the rudest waitstaff I've ever met. No one is friendly. Food was mediocre. We won't be back and we don't recommend to anyone.
Great food, awesome wine list & extremely friendly staff!! Highly recommend!! Nick, the GM knows how to make friends quickly!
Worst food!! I ordered Kung Pao Shrimp to go and got stale chicken. Also ordered Tofu family style which was over cooked
Really yummy place for a casual dinner. Good Asian food, reasonable prices, nice ambience
Fantastic eatery! Staff is fantastic great location  . The appetizers are very good. Selection is good also.
We had breakfast and  a latte; the service was excellent and the food superb. We'll be back
Pretty restaurant. Decent service. The WORST short ribs ever!. More than half fat! Wouldn't feed it to my dogs!
1. Food taste good, 2. Slow service, 3. Way over-priced\n\nConclusion: not reasonable for what you pay. Not going back.
First time here. Enjoyed the atmosphere. Great omelet selection. Service was good. Definitely a notch better than Denny's or IHOP.
Best bacon burgers!!! I've read they have four different kinds of burgers and I can't wait to try them!
Very Good  Ask For The Combo The steak and salmon with  mash  potatoes  and brocoli and garlic toast
The food was amazing, the service was fast and friendly. We had the Penne pasta and NY stake, the seasoning was perfect.
Absolouty love this place.  Everything is good especially corn beef hash.  Bagels are amazing.  Bakery is fantastic. We have been eating here every week.  Love it.
I ordered food to bring home. Everything was AMAZING!!!!!! This is the best vegan \"junk food\" I have every had. Seriously. Try it.
Robert was very responsive to my messages and answered my questions promptly.
Good food, but messed my wife's order up. But somewhat redeemed by quickly making it correctly. But still forgot the sausage.  2 stars, certified south park yelper.
Always delicious! Large portions and such a cool ambiance. This is one of my favorite eateries in Vegas.
This place is awesome!  So good, friendly, fast, inexpensive!
Over priced coffee with too much sugar and fat rolled into it. Slow drive thru too.
why go to Starbucks when the Bean is right here on the same corner???\n\nSweet people and good fresh food and coffee. My fav local brew.
This local pharmacy is helpful, fast and very fair in their pricing.  I tell all of my friends and doctors about them.
Unbelievable quick service! And the have a nitrogen machine to fill up my tire to match the other 3. Nice guys!
Great tasty BBQ. The mix combo allows to taste beef ribs and chicken. Nicely grilled with no grease. Great flavor and seasoning. I would go there every day
My child has been coming to the little gym since she was 6 months old. The staff are very attentive and positive role models for our children. Highly recommend.
Everything here is so square.  Cute little edible squares.  And it was quite yummilicious for the most part.  Squarz is square!
Great breakfast spot! Casual atmosphere and good food. Veggie Benny is YUM!
...excellent course, price is very good, love the lay out and the par 3s....will definitely come back often and bring friends...
Very fast, and very informative. I did a smog test AND vehicle registration here. I would definitely use this location again next year.
Have i mentioned this is my favorite Mexico City Mexican food joint?! W\/out a doubt consistent, fresh and cheap. Whenever i am in AZ this is my spot. \nhttp:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/nsEO3MRzYLKfgtID7gvArw?select=9vEQ2jKcRGjryTyVEvZDmA\nhttp:\/\/www.yelp.com\/biz_photos\/nsEO3MRzYLKfgtID7gvArw?select=w1hAI5b7FWBJ1WNQzRpplg
Worst experience ever!\n\nCompletely unorganized, unfriendly staff and the food was cold and bland.... extremely disappointing
The manager on Saturday night was great! The staff was kind and made a lasting impression on my sister and I.  Food was great.
Lupe and Angel were a great serving team, the anejo margarita was expensive but delicious, and the carne asada tacos were tasty. I'll definitely come back!
The people here are friendly, and their gun smith is very good. They answered all my questions and were very helpful.
Love their sesame chicken and general tso chicken
We came in for the juicy pork dumplings. We were not disappointed. We made a pleasant discovery of their cumin calamari.
Only lines moving were the self checkout lines. They require giant eagle card to get started. Cashiers had no help bagging. Excruciating.
Great gnocchi special recommended by our wonderful server. Others in our party had the lasagna, quite uneventful, lacking flavor. Overall wonderful experience. Well be back.
This place is not open I drove to the facility everything is gone I also called the number it is disconnected
Charles does a great job every time. Fun friendly environment and is always on time and ready for me. Would definitely go back again plus recommend my friends.
On point. Everything was on point. No complaints about anything. Super tourist but still a quality experience.
Open until midnight. Huge menu. International menu offerings. Large servings. Don't forget dessert!
Great for a quick meal and really fun after a nice long walk around town!\nVery Good gyros and will go back on day we hope!
Asked for beef shawarma where's the beef I will not be coming back 11$ this place is a rip off
Finally!!!! My cravings have been satisfied... two thumbs up! Don't forget to try the corn, you won't be disappointed
Nothing spectacular. Food was delivered within specified time frame st room temp. Im new to this area. It was ok for a first timer
Very nice place.  Clean and all new equipment.  Friendly staff.\n\nThey had good selection of services and polish.  Prices reasonable and not a long wait.  I will be back.
Tried the Grecian Delight Pizza and Aegean Club sandwich. Large & delicious portions! Would definitely recommend this location! Great service too.
Great chocolate tea and basil flavored cupcakes!!! I'm  seriously on a cupcake high!
One waiter who served us probably was an owner and was absolutely not customer service oriented and was almost rude to us. Not sure about foods either.
We tried this place with a dealfind. We thought everything was really good!
Dirty restrooms and slow unatentive bartenders. College kids. :-(  who runs this place . No toilet paper.
The waitress completely forgot to bring my meal out and was not apologetic at all. This is some bullshit
Best Thai ever! Love the curry and the pineapple fried rice. Been coming here for a long time and it's always consistent.
Divey and cheap; but with good food and friendly staff.  Really a perfect place for Pho
Very good food. Portions are a little small for the price. Wait staff is very friendly and make sure you are well taken care of.
Great customer service and beautiful cake. Will definitely be a regular for all cake and cookie orders!
Thanks Donnie! Nice driver and very helpful -- he is the shuttle driver and the shuttle was very clean.
Disappointed.
Amazing food, great bubble tea, friendly service. More importantly, ALWAYS consistent! Kudos!
Went for take-out lunch. Had the taco salad which was fresh and tasty. Would have liked more salsa. Hubby had jumbo burrito which he stated was tasty.
This is my second time renting a car from this location.  Both experiences were great. Ashley was very professional and a pleasure to deal with.
Delicious!! The tacos are outstanding. The fried fish and the pulled pork were my favorites. The service was extremely fast and the chips and salsa was very tasty.
Awesome ambience and amazing food. The staff is all kind and accommodating. Will definitely go back!
This is the best free show in Vegas' especially at night. To beat the crowds, just get a table at a restaurant that has a view of the fountain.
Looks like it's over.\nPaper on the windows shop is closed !\nBummer.
Hugh sandwiches and a mountain of onion rings for a reasonable price! Great bartender mixing the Old Fashioned beverages!!
Decent place to get quick mexican food.\nBreakfast burritos are the best thing there. The rest is ok not bad but not that great either.\n\nSalsa are decent, no salsa bar.
The food is really great. I highly recommend trying this place out. And the hospitality is one of a kind
Definitely one of my favorite places to eat while on the Strip! Food is always great and portions are huge!
This used to be a much cooler club. However, for some reason they changed the name and the decor... not bad now but I miss the old one.
We ordered two pasta dishes and wine. The wine was good but the food was over seasoned and pricey. Lots of damage. YES. lots =(
The fish in the fish and chips are so buttery, flaky and so tender. The best ive had anywhere.
I'm addicted. And the little Chinese man that works the window knows it. Shrimp fried rice and chicken wings. Shrimp fried rice and chicken wings!!!!
Great variety of frozen dumplings for even greater value! Beats anything supermarkets, Asian or otherwise, have to offer
Love this event.  Giant Turkey Legs, Funnel cakes and really good rides.  So many events, great concerts and just good family fun.  We rarely miss.
Delicious bubble tea!!!! Love there bubble tea will definitely come here for wings with my friends. Cute spot to hang it and play pool. The waiter\/host is handsome.
Fantastic service at the bar. The bartender was more than kind and chatty and she recommended the lamb shank. Very delicious!
Management must not care... Staff was rude & unsanitary. Hostess was wearing a crop top....
Service is sometimes slow but that is during wry busy hours. Maybe the owners can hire a few more employees. Overall, great coffee and service!
As promised,  we tried pizza delivery a second time.   Much better quality and the delivery was on-time.
Friendly staff. . All except for one ...\nThe looks like he don't give a ....\nIs ironic how the red shirt \" rockys \"\nAre so nice .....
Best cheesesteaks in the valley reminds me of Frankie's in Tucson and if you've ever been to Frankie's you know that's high praise.
Delicious coffee drinks at a cute place. The Caramel-O is divine. Outdoor seating, kid play space - awesome!
Love this place. Awesome snacks, wicked drinks. The staff are super friendly, and it's a really great spot to work out of on occasion.
Best Time Ever! Our bachelorette party went and had a blast! So fun!!!
Been looking for a good breakfast burrito place that's close! Just had the sausage and egg- yum!
A very well needed restaurant in Mississauga. Great food and cocktails, friendly service, can't wait to come back
Love the service and my stylist Hala is the best she does exactly what I tell her not an inch shorter or an inch longer just perfect love her
Amazing work on lashes and nails. Service is always impeccable.  Clean environment and friendly staff.
Fantastic little breakfast place!\nGreat food!\nMostly great service!\nIf you want a locally owned and operated breakfast tradition, this is the place!
I went to Red Robin in Summerlin. I ordered take out. Great atmosphere!
Best coffee! Such a cute little place and the women working there were so nice and fun
Great food and I'm visiting from Chicago and the food is better here. Wish  they would open In Chicago. highly recommend the ice cream sandwich. Home made. Amazing.
Taking in my car for an oil change.  They always have an awesome service. Very helpful if you had any questions.everyone is always friendly here
We love this place!  Great atmosphere and kind staff.  Mandy is the best!  We enjoy he happy hour and the taco night!
Waooo this place is amazing , good food , excellent staff , look clean .. Los chilaquiles que sirven aqui estan riquisimos
Just had a pedicure done by Ally and she did an amazing job! Very friendly service and amazing nail artwork! Highly recommended!
Kenny & Aaron are awesome. So helpful, fun, and easy to talk to. Made visiting Cleveland so much fun!
Not necessarily the best Chinese food in town, but it's pretty good, there is a large variety of things to eat, and the price is pretty reasonable.
Great burger and poutine.  Scotch prices were good too
Great food and great feel! Just moved to the condos across the street from here and I love this place!
The line is ridiculously long even if you're on the waitlist. Someone threw up in the swimming pool so they have to close it. Overall not a great experience
Run away as soon as possible. It's a very expensive place to go guys . I don't recommend this to anybody else.
Great food. Experienced chefs and creative menu. Fun people and good service. Why must I write more than that?
Got to get Dales soup! It's one of the best soups on the planet ! It's souper awesome.
The service was pretty speedy and the lady who helped me with my tuxedo was helpful without invading my personal space. I applaud their professionalism.
Love this place! It's our \"go to\" Thai restaurant. It's delicious and the delivery is always fast!
The best sandwiches ever. I frequent this place, only thing to remember is its old school Italian deli, so be patient, the good food will arrive.
Wedding cake - extremely poorly executed. \nService - non existent.\nRecommendation - never.
Great half price breakfast specials.  Tia the bartender is so personable.  We love going there.
The best barber shop in town. Reyna is so thorough. Also, the best scalp massages around.
Fresh ingredient, big shrimps and good quality beef.  They do not skimp on the freshness and quality on what goes into the dishes.
Great atmosphere great food.  The wine list was the best in town.  Try the pork loin wrapped in Bacon.... yum delish.
You're perfect cheap, neighborhood Thai restaurant.  Service is always great.  Portions are big.  \n\nHave not had a dish that disappointed
Very nice restaurant with tropical decorations and great service. Curry pad Thai was awesome!!!
Amazing service very clean and extremely nice will be back for sure :) will be back for sure Rose is amazing !!
Extremely mediocre food and poor customer service. Would rather go to a fast food joint, would not return again.
Pita Pit served up some very tasty and healthy food. Friendly staff and clean facilities.
Great place to hang out with friends. Awesome coffee, creative sandwiches and all day happy hour!!! Best $5 mimosas anywhere!!!!
Awesome place! Great views & the tour guide Dustin was very patient with one of the riders in our group that wasn't very experienced. Defiantly recommend this place
Easily my favorite Mexican food in town! Even when they're busy, the wait is never too long. My only complaint is that I wish it was closer to me.
We had a wonderful time. The host Brianna is amazing and she makes you immediately feel welcome, while being super attentive.
Finally found a place to actually be able to shape my nail nicely and they last until my next visit.
This place is so cool. Food Awesome ,service Awesome , ambiance . This is a must try.
First time eating in this place. The isaw is good !!! Friendly waiter. The ambiance is really friendly.
Food was good. Just your average wings burgers place. Food came out pretty fast. Our server was awesome though. Nothing too exciting about this place, but it was good.
The food and service was excellent. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants caribbean food in Phoenix. The portions are large and the prices are reasonable.
Each time I come here I receive exceptional service from both front and back office staff, but particularly from front office MA Clayton.
So amazing - they are so good with kids and very patient.  Highly recommend as it is such a great experience.
Great food and friendly staff! They fed us samples while we waited. Would definitely recommend. I'll be coming here often. Do yourself a favor and try the churros!
I've only had food delivered to me from here, but I lovvvvvvvve this food. So good. \n\nI usually get the chicken fried rice, and orange chicken. I recommend it.
Excellent quality fresh foods.  Not cheap, but good food rarely is.
Super nice service!! Food was great!!! The tango playing in the background and the chatter of Castellano brings me back to Buenos Aires.
Very helpful & knowledgeable staff. Quick turnaround time for parts & service as well. Got a rear bumper installed on my xj, price was reasonable and looks great!
Our go to store for all of our furniture needs. Have only had good experiences from everything that we purchase would recommend for sure
Recently opened and is delicious!! The strawberry banana was my favorite, large portion too! Staff was awesome :)
Good service,  pizza is always made how we ordered it, been going here for years and never had a terrible experience
REALLY good pizza and the option for the individual size was great since my husband and I prefer different toppings.
Great place. Bartender was very nice and helpful.\nHuge selection of beers and decent crab cakes.
Good food and nice ambience.  Small but neat and clean.  Reasonably priced.  Quantity could've a bit more.
Amazing! Must try wings and Prime Rib sandwich! Trendy and clean, with nice staff. Menu is just right not too overloaded with the same old bar foods.
This is the best burger I have had in a very long time.  If you are craving a good burger, you have got to try this place!!
Always fresh bagels and a lovely staff. Go there and they already know my order.
Great music , great food, amazing decor and phenomenal service ...can u ask for more ? Had an amazing time ! Xoxo
We love this place.  Consistently great and the only place is town with Shiner Bock on tap.
This is our favorite place to eat! Gotta love the endless chips to start! Excellent food, great staff, cool atmosphere.
Had to wait my food about 30mins. Taste was good. Too crowded. Understandable its been crowded but I don't think I would come this place again.
We had so much food and a delicious wine pairing.  The waiter did an excellent job with helping us pick out the unique and flavorful foods.
Good music. Good drinks.mgreat creme brûlée.
I've been coming here since they opened & always get the best service. Clean, convenient, friendly & great services.
Great atmosphere, Great drinks and very chill ! Very clean place and even the restrooms smell like roses
Good food great service and a nice atmosphere. Reasonably priced. Good margarita selection. They even kept the families with kids on the other side of the restaurant.
Worst airline ever, gave them another chance.  They totally suck.  Should be minus status...
Awesome place, I've been to 3 other Mesa barbershops and at pristine barbershop, hands down the best. They pay attention to detail and treat you like family.
Defitnely one if the best sushi places I been. Try the dragon roll or the salmon teriyaki.
Excellent service, amazing variety of breakfast options, delicious food and Lavazza coffee! Our favorite breakfast place in Scottsdale hands down!
The drive thru lady was nice(where u pay) but the pick up food lady was like \"Thanks ma'am, come back again. All while NOT looking at you
Extremely friendly and helpful staff. A rare find in Las Vegas. Kudos to however hired them!
Second time here...excellent food...wings were amazing!\n\nJames did an excellent job as our server....\n\nDefinitely will come back...
The desserts here are spectacular, everything looks good and taste good! Very Authentic!
Had the 4 meatball plate with spinach-almond-pesto, over the tomato risotto, which was killer!  Note to self: come back here when you're in Pittsburgh!
I honestly think these people have amazing talent the spicy watermelon is amazing i can't wait to go back
Dirty bathrooms. No paper towel at pump. Only dirty water and no soap for window washing. Avoid them
Not bad, but also not the best I've had. The rice was mushy. It's super cheap, though. For Taco Bell-like prices, the quality isn't bad at all.
Grace at Photo was awesome! Great customer service! Also the photo department offered many options for prints compared to CVS. Thank you Grace! :)
Best Mexican street corn every and everything else! Bar staff, Michael and Nate, is nice and friendly! Definitely will be back!
Wow, I just had the most disgusting food there. It's really not worth anything. Can't find words. Just stay away, even if you are starving!! YUCK.\nI just lost $13.
Food was excellent.  The passion comes through in the quality.  Best oysters I have had in a while.  The staff is friendly.  Truly a must eat in Montreal.
Don't know why ppl disappointed by thierr rice dishes. I had pork chop bento and shaved ice  today and it was authentic .
First time dining here, wow!  What a find, had the hardy omelet.  Highly recommended!  All the pictures show the diverse menu options.....yum.
Hidden gem! Food is good, service is good, lots of tv to catch the games. Always has food & drink specials. Service is great. Family owned & super friendly!
Street tacos. Straight up street tacos. Done right. Meat is grilled over mesquite right there. \n\nSimple menu. But great food.
This place definitely deserves a 5 star rating.  I had the flaming fajitas, yum, yum!!!
The best mexican food is here, love tacos dorados and sopes... Todo delicioso y todos son muy amables \nAutentica comida mexicana!!!
Nice local place to go for Vietnamese food. I usually get the noodles with soup or the pork pho. Reasonable prices and very quick and friendly service.
Kyle and Mika  are awesome the best customer Service!!!!\nI won't go anywhere else ...\n\nIf you want to be treated good, come see them!!!!
Friendly staff, quick service... but they used processed cheese in the Omelettes. :(
It's very nice and great experience however all VIP theatres are not created equally...for eg. This one does not have reclining seats. Other than that, great theatre.
Just got my first section done today.  Really happy about the result so far.  Really clean place and friendly staff.
mechanical bull + random really drunk people = a whole lotta fun
My husband and I have been here a couple times and we love it. Great food, fun staff at the cook tables, even our children enjoyed our night out.
We had the best dinner ever with amazing Christina was the best server.  She took such great care of our table. Highly recommend this restaurant
Service was amazing and quick, FOOD was even better!!! Our server was very accommodating and polite. This is now my favorite Japanese\/Hawaiian restaurant.
Bon snackbar! Très économique. Bon choix au menu. Terrasse sur la rue Mont Royal et fenêtre ouvrable sur toute la façade. Mobilier très simple. Les mets sont très bon.
me and my bf love this place! everything is awesome, food, people, employees, the view, the music. Everything awesome :)
Freewheel has something for everyone at any budget! Everyone in the shop is so friendly and knowledgeable, and their classes are free and very informative.
Excellent food!!!!! Masala Dosa is legit!!!  Don't believe the other reviews... this is so good, flavors are on point and just spicy enough!
Bong was great. Got out the straight razor.  Had me looking sharp for my conference. Confidently recommend.
Awesome sushi and boxed lunches and dinner boxes  uni is sweet and delicious, and all at great prices!
Going through a remodel and things are looking better. The bathrooms are nifty. Best place to go for warehouse deals!
Friendliest donut shop around! Would pass up a chain donut shop any day to support this local business!
Slow. \nVery slow service. \n\nIs a Starbucks but doesn't honor Starbucks free drinks (no signs either stating that)
Love this place, love the food, love the atmoshpere.  It seems like the menu is always changing here.\n\nButternut squah croquettes are awesome, the black bean veggie burger is swell.
The Post-Gazette is reporting that the Common Plea will be closing down on Friday May 31.
Staff is awesome! Love my trainer! And my daughter loves seeing the girls working in the daycare!
Wow!  Great tacos.  I had 4 different types and they were all fantastic!  Come on 2 dollar Tuesday and get fantastic,  cheap eats!
This place is owned by a Japanese family.  They have great sushi and a friendly atmosphere.
Love this place, she always does an amazing job and so sweet! Wish I would finally get her name though, always forget.
Great Movers! Justin and Vinnie we're friendly, courteous and careful with our belongings. A pleasure to work with. I highly recommend and would use them again in a heartbeat.
A staple in the North Phoenix restaurant community. Unique and delicious entrees, with a very laid back atmosphere.
Amazing Philly cheese steak!!!!! Had it 2 times and would have had more had we stayed longer! Best around!!!!
Great smoothie and great customer service. Very friendly and they even gave me free samples! Will definitely return.
This is the number one place to get shrimp cocktail. If your reading this take my word for it and the other plates are so delicious.
Had the wildest brunch today with Peter at public school. Went bottomless and topped it off with Rose Beer Pong! Come hang with him on the weekends.
What a great free zoo, I love free! Beware parking is at a premium.
One of the few places on the west side that you can get fried clams! Love then and the fresh cuts with a cold draft! Great pizza too!
Good food fair prices. Went for breakfast, and will definitely be going back for lunch\/dinner soon.
Love this place! Service is great and food is delish...this is one of my favorite places to come to.
We ordered 3 different bowls, and they were all delicious! Portions were good sized and service was great. I loved the Thai tea as well.
EMT is the strongest but you can go stronger by asking for additional espresso shots for $$.
Prices, food, staff all deserve 5 stars. Group dinner for 18 all were happy with their meal.
Love this place!! Never feel rushed and they do an awesome job!!!! Very reasonably priced.  Best nail salon in lake wylie area.
Great drinks. I got the one called pain in the ass. Really good. Bartender was fast and recommended my drink to me. Good choice.
I absolutely love this restaurant! It's cute and the food is great! They have really fresh veggies and a great seasonal menu.
This is the best place to get a Philly, hands down. Get the onions and red sauce. You won't be disappointed. Very friendly staff, can't beat it.
Very friendly and welcoming store.  I got a loaded potato with pulled pork, nacho cheese,  and fried wontons.  It was really delicious and every bite was a trip!
The stylists are wonderful and friendly! Affordable and the kids are always happy with their haircuts.
These guys are fantastic. They have excellent customer service and a very professional demeanor. They do tire patching at no cost and within 1-1.5 hours. very good service.
Great job! I had a bad nail job at a different salon but Embellish fixed me all up and I'm very happy with the job they did.
Sooooooo the owner, who has super healthy curly hair btw, is sweet, but stern. He's my fave!! The green pepper garlic sauce is slamming. I love the kabobs.
This is my new favorite taco spot in the valley.  The food is great, staff is friendly, prices are more than fair, and I love the atmosphere.
The Ramen tastes yummy & the restaurant so clean . The staffs provides a good service , we will Go back again on next time.
NEVER again. What should've been a quick oil change and tire rotation turned into 3 hour\/multiple trip fiasco. Some unprofessional staff. Save yourself the frustration and go elsewhere.
The baristas here are the best. Always promopt and kind. I highly recommend this Starbucks.
Amazing!! Fully recommended for true Avenger fans. It's located in Treasure Island so its very fun.
Horrible. Worst service ever.  Waitstaff was like zombies on Ambien.  Didn't have filet to make hibachi, sushi average, first time we left zero tip at a sit down restaurant.
Amazing evening! We loved every bite, from the prosciutto (teenager) to vegan soup, chicken to kale pasta. Completely yummy and a delightful hostess, to boot! Dont miss this place!!
We absolutely LOVED our meal, the service was incredible, they were very accommodating to our menu changes. This family knows how to make an impression!  Don't miss it!!
Just a normal family owned Mexican restaurant. 3 of us went to eat. The tacos were standard for authentic Mexican style. The huarache was just okay.
Tonight was our first time at Yardbird and it was great! The food was southern at It's best. Our server Tracy was amazing! We'll definitely be back!
It's a good restaurant,soups were ok,pad Thai was good,lemon fish was good,green courey was ok
Most of the people in the club house area who work here are incredibly rude. Too rude for me to want to spend my money here.
Great food here, fresh and hot. Good service, Try the Fajitas or grilled chicken. Never had a bad meal here.
I am changing my review. When we went to Culver's is was there opening week and they had some issues. They are on track now.
Service was alright. The food was less than satisfactory. The falafel was too far too salty to finish, and everything else tasted poor.
Loved the all you can eat sushi!! The staff were very friendly both times I have been there would definitely recommend it!
Try the fish tacos. Decent food for a fair price in Vegas.
Very good food, I really liked it.\nI ordered chicken gyro and baklava.\n\nPrices are reasonable and customer service is good.
Great environment. Food taste great. Lots of options to make your own bowl\/salad\/burrito
Bad, tatse nothing like hong kong style dessert\n Portion is very little. \nService is fine. The dessert does not taste good at all.
Great space, great instructors. There are classes for all levels of yoga. It is great that Belmont now has a Yoga studio!!
Fantastic dim sum.  Have the shrimp spring rolls!
My favorite neighborhood spot when I'm in the mood for some good Chinese beef and broccoli!
I always get salt and pepper chicken wings  and the shrimp egg foo young.  It's  always great no matter if it's delivered or a pick up order.
This place is amazing!! Some of the best Thai food I've ever had!! Gotta try the thai beef jerky as an appetizer!!! Yummmm
very bland in my opinion, It's a skip just a heads up
AWFUL. Do not go here. Hours are not accurate. Terrible service. I would give zero stars if possible.
Access Electric was very reasonable and quick to respond. Called on Thursday evening arrived on Friday. I would highly recommend them to any business.
Great theater with reclining seats, refill on popcorn and pop reasonably priced. Great experience!
2nd visit this week\nthe best time, great waiter : the sheriff of flavor town was our waiter. .he went above and beyond. to make our  visit a lasting impression.
First time there, quaint little place, lovely owner.  The lamb vindaloo and goat curry were excellent.  Will definitely be back.
Great food! Gourmet food in the shape of crepes. Friendly service. Baked goods are amazing.
Pretty damn good. Salads,breadsticks, pizza and bomb hot wings. I think this is my favorite so far here in henderson!!everything i have tried has been super yummy.
Just wanted to update my review from 5 stars to again 5 stars but shoutout to Lihn for changing my mind on pedicure experiences and gels! Thanks lady!
Loved this place until I went one time when busy.  Worst cut in a long time.  Hit and miss is putting it nicely.
Love the concept and innovation, however I am still left with the overwhelming saltiness that was the banh mi buldolgi. \n\nWould I return again? Most likely not.
Nice atmosphere. Slow, but friendly service. Chopped salad was attractively presented but proportionally too much cabbage & not enough protein. Dressing on the side was tasty but unoriginal.
a beautiful place to have brunch lunch and dinner* :) lil far but it worth！priz r ok too*
I love his theater! So comfy. They have reclining electric seats and they serve alcohol! It's not a full bar but good enough.