I had a comp for HIgh Tea at the Petrossian Bar at the Bellagio and went this afternoon.  High tea was something I've wanted to do for a long time but my wife was not interested and some other people I spoke to about going were not enthusiastic.  \"Meh\" was a common word.  OK then, I'll go myself.  Playing myVegas on Facebook, I earned enough points to redeem for the High Tea for one.\n\nI made a reservation for 2 PM.  I went to the mLife club at about 1:15 and after giving her my confirmation number, I had my comp and had time to walk around the Bellagio and watch tourists.  It's great people watching.\n\nAt 1:55, I went to the podium at the entrance to the Petrossian, she checked her roster and saw I had a reservation, and she took me to a table that had been set up for one.  She gave me the menu, a quick explanation, and said my server would be by soon.\n\nThe rules, if you will, are each person gets to choose four finger and\/or open faced sandwiches.  Each person gets two scones and three mini pastries.  And of course, there's the tea which you pick from a selection on the next page in the menu.   For sandwiches, I ordered (1) Smoked turkey, brie, and black grapes on a cranberry bread; (2) chickpea panella, roasted red pepper, green olive mayo on spiced bread; (3) Alaskan king crab and avocado on brioche; and (4) Smoked salmon topped with Transmontanous Oscietra caviar on pumpernickel bread.  (descriptions are from the menu).  My favorite was the smoked turkey.  The cranberry bread was very tasty.  All four made good bites and had good flavors.\n\nThere were two cranberry scones and with the scones came three mini containers with clotted cream, butter, and lemon curd.  These were for use with the scones.  The scones were luscious.  They were much better than you get at coffee stores.  Very fresh, very high in butter content, and baked perfectly.  I didn't use any of the butter.  I tried the clotted cream and the lemon curd.  Hands down, the lemon curd was a winner!\n\nThe three small pastries were nice to help fill me up. The best of these was a small chocolate, custard tart that had a chocolate coffee bean in shape and taste on top.  This was the winner of this bunch.   For tea, I chose the loose leaf Darjeeling.  \n\nMy server, Mary Ann, was very pleasant and came around and poured more hot water into my teapot and I was able to sit after the sandwiches and pastries and enjoy the Bellagio again watching tourists go by.\n\nA few things about the experience.  Even though they have the live pianist, where I was seated, it's enough distance away that it was not so easy to hear them play.  The casino music easily drowned out the pianist but that didn't spoil anything--that's just an observation. Second, men's fingers are not built for tea cups like this.  I don't expect a diner type coffee cup, but to pick up my cup, I look like I had just come in from the barn and was sitting down to have some of ma's good tea.  \n\nI'm glad I had the comp.  At $35 per person plus tax, I may not have done it on my own.  It is something one should do just for the experience.  Go with friends and chat and laugh and share and I think it would be a lot more fun.