Ghandi Cuisine has been the number one reviewed restaurant on Yelp for some time, and I knew it had to be delish enough to be there. GC is well known in and around the GTA for their dishes whereby they take a veggie or meat curry and wrap\/fold it up in a roti (thin flat bread closer to chapati then naan).\n\nOn my last visit I ordered the following:\n\nMalai Kofta Roti: A Malai is a creamy sauce made with a combination of cream and yogurt containing several standard Indian spices (tumeric, garam masala, g. cardamom etc). A Kofta is vegetarian meatball made with paneer (cheese), potatoes, raisins and several other standard Indian ingredients (ginger, coriander, cumin etc).  \n\n-We ordered this roti medium spiced and it was surely my favourite. It had the most captivating taste of the three. As full as I was at the end of the meal, I still had the drive to chip away at the last piece of the roti. The curry sauce was well thick and undoubtedly sweet, it had a smooth buttery pumkin-esque hint to it, definitely tasted like candy at some points. Well looking forward to ordering this roti again. \n\nChicken Tikka Masala Roti: Chicken marinated in yogurt and Indian spices then subsequently cooked via a tandoor (clay oven). The curry base is made out of a combination of cream, yogurt, tomato and a series of other ingredients (garlic, ginger, cloves etc).  \n\n-I believe we ordered this roti spicy and it was a great take on chicken tikka masala. It was a vibrant red colour, tender and smoky in flavour. Not my favourite chicken tikka masala, but I definitely enjoyed it. \n\nChicken Jalfrezi Roti: An Indian curry made with vegetables such as onions, belle peppers, tomatoes and green chilies. This particular one contained a combination of the above along with (gobi) cauliflower, matar (peas) and marinated chicken. \n\n-This was my least favourite roti of the three. It had the least appealing flavour to me and came off as all mushy mashy vegetables nowhere as sweet and vibrant in flavour as the others. I ordered it last minute because I remember reading a positive Yelp review on it, dish did not do it for me however.\n\nNext was two Butter Chickens on rice, and I'm confident BC needs no introduction or explanation. Overall it was delicious. The best I have ever had? Negative. Not worthy of a Lahore Tikka House or Moti Mahal accolade, but definitely good. The sauce was well thick and essentially a Malai sauce with extra butter, ghee and almonds. The flavour was full, nutty and sweet. Great dish overall. \n\nIn conclusion Ghandi Cuisine definitely hits the spot. If you are planning on eating in at the location they have very limited seating, and the strong smell of Indian food omitting from the small storefront stretches out a block, so don't dress up