I rarely give 1 star reviews, but this location is just...bleh. Service? Very, very, Slow. Food? Absolutely Terrible. Will NOT be returning again.\n\nWe were there for my friend's birthday party, and it just so happened that they had a live concert in their bar in the patio that day. We arrived BEFORE the crowd was rushing in though, and because it's dinner time, some of us wanted to have some food in the stomach before start drinking.\n\nNow, I do understand that this IS a bar, and I should not have high expectations of bar food. But their food quality is rather unacceptably bad. I ordered steak (medium rare) & eggs (sunny side up). My steak came well done and cold, and eggs were...hmm not sunny side up at all. My friend ordered a steak(rare) salad, he also had a very well done steak, which definitely is rare in his books. By then we were way too hungry to complain, but it was not a good meal. My other friends had burgers and other variation, and they did not have a good experience either. Some asked for no onion for example, and onions came with it anyway. Yes, we can just easily pick it away, but still, we expected some service at least.\n\nAs a customer, I don't feel like they valued our business at all. Our waitress was not attentive and was constantly distracted, not to mention it took over 1.5 hours to deliver the food. Every time she goes in and checks for us, we get the answer of \"Your food is already being cooked, it will be here in 10 minutes.\" Sure enough, 45 minutes later our food is still no where to be seen. Finally, we were given the explanation of : \"Oh we have a huge crowd outside and the cooks are trying to make sure all their orders are delivered.\" What about us then?\n\nOne upside is they do have TVs everywhere blasting sports, and they do have a good selection for beers on tap. But if you would like to have something to fill in your stomach before drinking, I recommend going somewhere else before coming here. Good luck. I personally will not be returning again.