This gym is alright and I really only come for the classes. Kickboxing on Mondays is awesome and the instructor is a lot of fun. The zumba classes vary based on what the teacher defines as \"zumba.\" One time it was zumba, another time it was like a hip hop basics class and another time it was straight up p90x. If you're trying to find a traditional zumba class there might be an instructor here who delivers that experience but I haven't found him or her yet.\n\nThis gym is packed after work, so if you're looking for an experience that involves fewer grunting roid ragers come on the weekend when it's practically empty. This gym is always kind of smelly which I guess is normal for a gym but it shouldn't be. The smell is sometimes like a wall that practically levels you when you walk into the cardio area. I mean would a few extra fans kill anyone?\n\nI could've given this gym two stars had I not had the disturbingly  predatory experience courtesy of one of the trainers who probably doesn't even work here anymore since there seems to be such a revolving door of them. Troy, if you do still work there: When someone tells you they don't want personal training, it means exactly what you think it means. They don't want personal training and NO MEANS NO.\n\nAfter signing up,Troy stalked me for several days trying to initiate my \"free\" introductory personal training session. He even did me the \"courtesy\" of scheduling me a Saturday morning session without asking me, how generous! Even after I called the gym to cancel, he called me that morning I was scheduled asking why I hadn't shown up. I mean, WHAT? I eventually told one of the girls at the counter that he needed to stop calling me because I was very uncomfortable. 10 minutes later when I returned to the counter (I had left my water bottle in the car), Troy was at the front desk and asked the girl I had reported him to, \"IS THAT HER?\" When I approached the counter, he leered at me in a way that made my skin crawl. So I blocked the number for LA Fitness, that was that and Troy is either still employed there running up their phone bill on dead ends or in jail for aggravated stalking. \n\nI don't know what the trainers even do here. Half the time I see them walking the floor doing nothing or \"helping\" people reach their fitness goals by sitting on the floor absorbed in their phone while their trainee does a workout that they could've got off of Pinterest for free. These are basically people just trying to make goal and not really help anyone live a healthy lifestyle. \n\nI guess I could recommend this gym if you're ready for your typical gym experience: a smelly, noisy, intimidating hotbox of perceived fitness.