I was so excited when I read about this place - it was something I never thought I'd find. Backstory - when I was a teenager and would hang out weekends in Harvard Square my favorite place to eat was Warburtons - anyone remember it? It all connected with the Susan Howatch novels (Penmarric) I was reading at the time - anyway I digress. Suffice it to say that the whole pasty concept was intriguing and this place was terrific. It closed down years ago but I kept hoping I'd find something similar ... someday.\n\nTo present day, newly come to the area. We finally made it to the Mesa location. I was glad there wasn't a wait, but walking in was a strange experience. It was dark, loud with no one at the entrance to seat us. Figured it wasn't that kind of place. The decor was a definite turnoff for me - cold, weird seating that felt like a black and white railroad car. I hate to be nit-picky but the first thing I saw when I sat down was a spider going up the wall next to me.\n\nOk, enough on atmosphere. The food ... huge menu that's a lot of fun to look at with lots of choices. I had the Greek salad and Greek chicken pasty. The salad was great - enough for 2. MH had the Mexican, which was actually quite spicy, and he's very used to spice. Overall our opinion on the pasties was ... ok. Quite filling - we only had half each. However, we thought they'd be a bit bigger to justify the cost, or a dollar or two cheaper since they don't come with anything else.  The dough was sturdy, well formed for holding the fillings but it was definitely hard.\n\nRe: the service - it was good - she was friendly ... but it was hard to find anyone when we wanted anything, especially when we wanted to pay and leave.\n\nI hesitated writing this since everyone seems to love it so much, but this was my experience ... not bad, but not somewhere I want to spend my precious restaurant dollars for a so-so experience. The atmosphere was kind of off-putting. Given everything, I don't think we'll be back. And I had such hopes! Sorry Cornish Pasty!