If you rate Red Rock less than 4 stars, we need to have a serious talk...\n\nNow I road the 13 mile trail on my bicycle, so my perspective may be different than most folks who traversed the perimeter in a car.\n\nIt was such a great bike ride--I would do it again.   Words cannot describe the feeling of being out there with these natural, colorful rock formations.  \n\nCyclists have enough road to safely ride to the right and cars can easily pass, but cyclists should still stay to the right and be vigilant and wear bright colors.  Too many motorists exceed the speed limit I saw on a very busy Saturday.\n\nI have AT&T cell service and had no data reception in the park.   There are no cell towers in the park.  So you may want to send a blast email to everyone in your address book and facebook that you are entering Red Rock and will not be available to respond to email and IM for ??? hours. Some of your friends may not ever talk to you again,  but it's a small price to experience nature.  \n\nIf you are coming here by car, and intend to drive it--try to get out of the car and hike it a bit at a few of the many stops to get a better experience.  \n\nIf your intention is to just drive the 13-mile one way loop and never get out of the car--time would be much better spent at the pool on the Strip or at a show or shopping.  I just don't see driving around here--in the first 2 miles it will all look the same to you and you will be stuck in the car for another 11 miles because it's a one way loop and you cant turn around once you leave the visitor's center.\n\nI highly recommend using the nice clean rest rooms at the Visitor's Center before starting your 13-mile loop ride. There are numerous bathrooms at the many hiking start areas, but I cycled by most of them, and they smelled so bad from even a distance of 7-feet, that lost my appetite and could not imagine entering one. They gave off a retched odor.  Phewwwww.....I can still recall that odor days later.\n\nMillion Dollar tip to motorists:  On a busy weekend day like last Saturday, there were 100's of cars navigating the 13 mile loop.  The parking lots for the first 3-4 stops was jammed with cars looking for parking.  Picture the mall parking lot the weekend before Xmas and people driving by asking you repeatedly if you are leaving?  That is how jammed it was Saturday.\n\nBut, if you have the will power to drive by the first few stops, you will have to be strong--there are many more after that, and what I saw was that after people stopped 3-4 times at the beginning and got out and took pictures, used the stinky bathroom, you can now hear the shouting when the cars drove by me: \"Don't stop again, it's all the same thing, let's just go...\"   \n\nBy the time you are into the middle of the park, few people stop, it's easier to park, and more serene. You will see.\n\nWhen you are finished with the 13 miles, you make a left back onto Charleston to head back to Vegas--there is one last lookout on your left with a bathroom.  You can stop here and receive congratulations for making it through the 13 mile loop without running over any wild animals or crashing.  You can also take inventory and make sure that you did not leave anyone at one of the many stops.\n\nOoops,  where is Grandma??  S__t!