No, No, No, and NO.\n\nI went here when I was a kid and back then it was disgusting and crumby, time travel 20 years and it's even worse. I can't understand for the life of me why they still hold a gigantic state fair in the most seedy nasty area possible...the coliseum and fair grounds are just hideous and falling apart, it's dismal. Seriously, it is time to move this thing somewhere civilized. It's in the middle of hellhole west phoenix, the traffic stinks, the parking stinks, the people are sketch, and it's just not good, it is not ideal. Enough of this coliseum west phoenix stuff already! Families shouldn't have to worry about their car getting keyed or a bum asking them for money while they go to a state fair. Move this thing to mesa, gilbert, peoria, somewhere not falling apart and inhabited by zombies.\n\nBiggest problems: riff raff. There I said it, riff raff people. It's the west side so what do you expect? Trailer trash with mullets, wannabe gangbangers with tear drop tattoos and high socks, creepy bikers and old hillbillies, and in the middle are just normal people trying to breath air without cigarette smoke and chew tobacco on the ground. The people ruin it for me, I can't help it, they're just gross and ignorant and rude and it feels like being in a ghetto, a ghetto with cotton candy and french fry aroma.\n\nThey do bear shows and animal shows which are cruel, anyone with a brain knows that a bear doesn't jump on a ball because it likes it, it's because it's beaten into submission to do it. I wouldn't go near that exhibit and wanted to leave right then and there if wasn't for my company. Monkeys, bears, and wild animals don't belong in a cage in west phoenix performing tricks for uneducated fried dough eaters.\n\nTerrible really, this place is just shameful how dirty, nasty, decrepit, and unappealing it is...A fair should be vibrant, fun, safe, and friendly for everyone, not a breeding ground of smoking, chew spitting, creepy riff faff.\n\nIf you must go, bring some purel...nothing like nose picking, sneezing, butt scratching fingers touching all the game surfaces.