Of the restaurants clustered at this busy Little Italy intersection, Mia Bella is on the smaller side with only one dining room. To be sure though, it's charming and feels a touch more elegant. The crisp red cloth napkins and tall wine glasses are more appropriate for anniversaries, birthdays, and parents-in-town. But it's not so stiff-necked that you wouldn't feel comfortable in jeans (which pretty much everyone in our group was wearing). \n\nWe brought a group of about 9 to celebrate a birthday. For starters, we had some slices of warm, rustic bread and herb butter (complimentary) and a seasonal Crab Bruschetta. Both gobbled up immediately, since that butter has flavor and isn't shy about it. The crab was mixed in with a whole lot of mayo and other creamy indistinguishable stuff - good, but I could always do with more actual seafood in my meal. \n\nOur paths diverged afterwards, and having eaten a light dinner already, I got the Prince Edward Mussels on the appetizer menu. It seemed a little pricey at first, but when the bowl arrived, it was a pretty hefty little hill of shellfish bathing in a tomato and herb broth, some steamed greens scattered here and there. Definitely a good choice - ask for some more bread to dip into the broth and you'll leave sated. The pizza is another economical choice (at only $9.95 for a personal pizza), but the other plates my friends ordered showed that Mia Bella doesn't skimp on portion size. The birthday boy was provided a Tiramisu Mousse with a candle in a champagne flute, which he happily devoured alone. \n\nThe wait staff reflected the elegant casualness of the rest of the restaurant. They were dressed in uniform, but conversed naturally and made sure to check in on us every so often, refilling water glasses and the like. There's a fair libation menu to match the solid foods, and our waitress came back at just the right times to ask if people wanted second rounds (alcohol refills not free, of course). \n\nI'm glad I finally got to check out Mia Bella after having passed by so many times! While I still haven't found a Little Italy restaurant that seizes my heart, this place is a solid and reliable choice for a nice but low-key dinner with family, friends, or dates.