I really, really, really wanted to like this place but I'm afraid that my very first visit will also most likely be my last. Glutton is cute and has a good concept, but the service is spotty, the food is overpriced, and nothing tasted very good. \n\nThe two of us ordered 1 diet soda, 1 specialty cocktail, an order of pork rinds, an order of wood fired shrimp, an order of cauliflower and the shaved brussels sprouts salad. Our bill was close to $70 with tax and tip! That is too expensive no matter how you slice it. The portion sizes are very small too (the shrimp dish had THREE shrimp for $15.00!!), so small that we ended up having to hit Fatburger because we got hungry again a few hours later. \n\nThe food was just okay. The brussels sprouts salad was the standout. It was pretty amazing and would be the only reason I would consider returning to Glutton. The shrimp was good but not worth $15. The cauliflower tasted like something I could get at any restaurant anywhere, and the pork rinds were so gross that we ate a couple and stopped. The \"Pig Roast\" specialty cocktail was one of the most disgusting things I have ever put in my mouth.\n\nThe atmosphere is hipster and sparse, and I really enjoyed the truly open kitchen. The service was really sloppy. First, the entire concept of the menu was utterly confusing. Was it family style? Small plates? What was flatbread and what wasn't? Our server was less than helpful. Nothing on the menu was printed to give any sort of guidance. It was annoying and slightly obnoxious. \n\nThere's also an item on the small menu where you can pay $5 to \"buy a round\" for the kitchen staff. Are you freaking kidding me? This seems like such a desperate attempt to be cool and different that it annoyed the mess out of me!\n\nOur server wasn't the most pleasant person either, and she constantly forgot to bring drink refills, silverware, etc. She offered zero advice even when asked. I also thought a lot of the staff looked sloppy. \n\nI'm not a professional food critic but I love to eat and love experimenting with new flavors and dishes. Unfortunately, Glutton failed on pretty much every level. Maybe I went on an off night or perhaps I ordered the wrong dishes, but I am in no hurry to return.