Lost part of my shipment.  Didn't deliver on time.  Mixed my shipment in with other deliveries.  Absolutely no sense of urgency to help.  Doesn't return phone calls.  Still missing items (family heirlooms).  Need I say more?  \n\nHere are the details.  I requested this shipment through Transit Systems, Inc.  They apparently contracted out to this company.  The scheduler took my payment, and then left for maternity leave the following day.  No heads up given there.  I was told that this was white glove service, and not to pack anything.  It was not.  I needed the shipment by May 4th.  \n\nAfter they picked up the shipment (we had 24 hours notice if they were to get it there on time), I was notified by another person that the shipment would be late due to driver issues and truck issues.  Now we were looking mid-week the following week.  Finally, I get a call from the driver about May 6th.  He can deliver the following day.  Of course, that was an over-promise.  He realized other shippers' items were in front of mine and couldn't get them off in time.  Finally, I get the shipment May 9th.  Missing two Persian rugs, and a box.  \n\nOne rug was located before they left.  The other was not.  It was mixed in with another shipment and had to go all the way back from Portland to Pennsylvania.  Still missing a box.  I was told by Sarah that they would Fed Ex the rug to me.  No follow up, nothing.  This was last week.  Apparently, though, due to the cost, management cancelled that.  No call, no follow up.  It is supposed to finally make it in June.  \n\nLastly, when you call them, they rarely return calls, they don't tell you when you are speaking with the wrong person (first talking to Nick, then Sarah, then was told to call Transit Systems after a week), and your lost items?  Those are an inconvenience.  They won't email you a claims form.  Absolutely zero proactive communication here.\n\nSo if you want to lose some of your shipment, a bunch of excuses, and a terrible experience all around, Donn Farr Moving & Storage is your go to.  Otherwise, would avoid at ALL costs.  Oh, and if anyone sees Box 51 (red sticker), let me know.  Would love to have those items.