This place is a joke. Whatever fees the owners here had to pay to get the branding rights had to be a hefty sum to have allowed them to put up this travesty of a restaurant.\n\nSpoiler alert, THIS PLACE DOES NOT SERVE PORK (halal)! which in itself is a reason not to put up the restaurant and promote itself as authentic. Go to the website, and there's no mention of that very important fact. That's like saying we are an authentic Italian restaurant, but none of our menu items use flour. We became aware of this fact after our horrendous meal and asked the waitress why there was no Crispy pata, which is one of their signature dishes. \n\nI was livid with the entire service. When we got there there were around 3 tables vacant but for some reason, there were 3 groups that had to wait to be seated, us included. Every member of the crew saw us standing there but they just chose to ignore us. This went on for maybe half an hour. More tables became empty, but none us were given seats. It was really mind boggling how this was possible.\nI timed everything and it took an hour between us getting there and actually eating anything and I have to reiterate, there were empty tables when we arrived.\n\nNow the food. Where do I begin. The prices are actually quite reasonable, if whatever on the menu even remotely resembles whatever flavor or texture the description promises. Since none of the normal stuff I order in the real Barrio Fiestas weren't available, we had to wing it.\n\n1)  Crispy adobo. Flavorless and oily. The only redeeming quality is it was crispy as advertised.\n\n2)  Crispy Chicken sisig. Better flavor but was not crispy at all, and was not really sisig. I became imaginative and mixed in the crispy adobo so in my head, I could pretend I got what I actually ordered.\n\n3) Kare kare. This was special. This was probably the worst kare kare I've ever had and I am not even exaggerating. I could google a recipe for this and I can guarantee it's going to come out better on my first attempt than what we got served here. The meat was tough which is really hard to achieve. The oxtail is supposed to be fall of the bone tender. The sauce it came in was absolutely disgusting and I'm hoping the owners are reading this and feel shame that they served us this $18 abomination.\n\nI rarely attach images but this dish deserves one. This shows all the oil on that dish. That's around at least centimeter of oil on the surface which you will never see on any decent kare kare recipe. google \"kare kare images\" and you will get hundreds of variations and none of them will have this. It was bland, meat was tough, it was so oily, and the texture of the sauce it was in wasn't even right. It was god awful.\n\nAnd I say all this as a former regular customer of the real barrio fiesta in the philippines. I was just there early this year so I sure as hell know what i'm talking about.