Food: quite delicious. Atmosphere: rockin'. Customer service? I'm disheartened to say that it's extremely disappointing! Therefore the three stars is only for the food and atmosphere. I've been to Copper Blues three times now and every time there's always been some sort of hiccup. However, the hiccups were short lived and soon forgotten. Unfortunately the hiccup during this last visit won't be so easily forgotten. \n\nThis past Friday night, we went to see Bob Saget perform (he is absolutely hilarious by the way). Before the show, we wanted to grab dinner so we decided to make it easy and eat at Copper Blues. When we arrived, we were given a buzzer and quoted for a 10-minute wait. We asked if there was open seating anywhere and they directed us to the outdoor patio and said that was the only open seating. After about 10 minutes of waiting, we checked back with the hostess on the status and at that point, she said it was going to be a 35 minute wait. We said that we were told 10 minutes initially and then she said, \"oh well, then it's 10 minutes I guess.\" It was all very confusing. So after about another 10 minutes, we checked back again and at this point they said that they never quote a wait time and when I told them that I had been quoted twice, she said again that they never quote a wait time. I felt like I was on crazy pills! It didnt seem like the staff knew what was going on that night! Well, the saga continues on... \n\nAt this point, it's around 6:00 PM and we are hungry and eager to get some dinner before Saget. It was also freezing on the outdoor patio and we were hoping to sit inside. We decide to check out the inside portion of the restaurant (even though we were told initially that the only open seating was outside). Well, when we got inside, we realized that the entire bar area was also open seating. Now this is where the hiccup will forever stay with me and it will be hard to get over this next part. We find two high top tables and are told that one is in use, so we take the other one. It has three chairs and we need two more chairs. At this point, a waiter comes up and confronts us. I let him know that we are in need of two more chairs and do they have any (this is in the open seating bar, remember.) He turns to me, stares at me dead on and says \"well are you even planning on eating here or are you just going to be using this table to wait?\" Now regardless of whether we were going to order one drink or a whole meal, I don't think a waiter should ever question a customer and treat them the way I was treated. I proceed to tell him that we are wanting to eat dinner and we have been wanting to eat dinner there for a good thirty minutes! I was blown away by the treatment and I will admit that I've never been treated so rudely at a restaurant before. Someone must have seen my anger and utter shock because about five minutes later they told us they found a table at the bar for us but sadly at that point, the experience at Copper Blues was ruined. We ordered several drinks and a couple appetizers (which were delicious) but after the treatment, decided to just eat dinner at Stand Up Live. \n\nI hate writing a disappointing review like this one. I visit restaurants wanting a good experience and wanting to enjoy the atmosphere. However, customer service can either make or badly break an experience.