There is an saying about a saying....\"the good ol' times weren't so good\"....but I'd beg to disagree when it comes to Belmont Drive In.  This little piece of Americana is fading fast in America, so to have one near me is a treat.  \n\nLocated in Belmont, just about 20 miles west of Charlotte, NC, it, like all drives ins I've seen over the recent past looks worn down and ready to go out of business, but in the end when night falls these are nothing more fun than watching a movie in your car in the summer time.\n\nFor this particular night it was just too damn hot to be watching a movie outside, but we had packed up a few bottles of wine and some snacks and headed out.  Plus for $4 per person for 2 movies, even if you leave early it is worth it.\n\nNow this place depends on concession stand sales, but I'm sorry...I wanted a drink and the food there wasn't healthy nor cheap.  I'm sorry the film companies have them by the \"b*lls\" as the rumor has it they cannot make money on the film, only concessions...which I think is just stupid, but I paid my money for the movie and watched it...sorry about the concessions guys, but just not going to happen.  Plus sneaking in alcohol and food is a requirement and brings back the good old days for me.\n\nNow, a little golf cart patrols from time to time so we had to keep our drinks hidden from both the patrols and neighbors, but not much else.  Gone are the days of hanging a speaker on your door....that has given way to newer technology allowing you to pick up a radio signal to hear the movie...plus they play some rockin' beach music during intermission.\n\nKids are playing around, folks talking....it is just a good time in the summer time.  But this drive in shows 2 movies...kids movie first, then an older audience movie, but together they will put you deep into the 1am time frame to start heading home.\n\nThe only real issue is the bathroom.  If you have to go...do it during the movie.......NEVER at intermission or right before a movie starts....only 2 toilets for the men's room and the sink is actually outside?!?!?!  \n\nSo is it nostalgic?  Yes...perfect...by no means....worth your time...definitely....keep this part of Americana alive.