For the most part, having a couple dishes and one visit usually isn't enough to truly evaluate a restaurant as a whole, but that's all I needed. We were aided with a spectacular server that help choose perfect dishes for us and provided top notch service. I knew this place was on another level from the time we sat down and had chips with salsas that had a different flavor compared to others. To me, there was just a little extra boost of flavor or heat with every dish that had us nodding our heads after every bite.\n\nChris, our server, was the difference maker. He greeted us immediately, was always present throughout our Monday night meal, and had knowledge of the menu because he's tasted all the items on the menu. He was able to describe each and every flavor in each dish which made everything that much more appetizing. He had recommendations with every aspect of the meal such as suggesting refried beans versus black for a side and making sure my friend ordered his burrito enchilada style versus dry. When I was unsure what I wanted to order, he interjected, \"Paco's mole sampler\" before I could finish my sentence asking what his suggestions were.\n\nTo start, we had a vertical flight of Patron (my choice, not Chris's) and the recommended Tostaditas de Tinga which is pretty simple, but a delicious tostada elevated with some heat from the chipotle marinated chicken and the salsa cascabel. The flight with sangrita was definitely a nice sampling of tequila as I'm a fan of Patron, but the tequilas really didn't pair well any of the food and just added to my inebriated state. I think a margarita would have been a better pairing with my food and the only thing that i would have changed. In fact, I'm going to make a margarita for myself right now to make up for my poor choice.\n\nAlthough we didn't get to speak with Chef Paco because our 10 PM arrival may have been too late, the mole sampler was a nice representation of him and his food. I'm no expert on moles and haven't had many in my life, but I do know it's a painstaking, lengthy process to make in which you have to empty the kitchen pantry and spice rack. I also know these chicken moles, although quite different and distinct in flavor, were fantastic. The guajillo chipotle chile was my favorite mole with a brighter flavor that had me sweating like a mad man.\n\nThe mole, the clean and fresh product, the 25% discount for locals on Monday night, the free flan with Yelp check in, and the outstanding service makes El Dorado as good as it gets. I'll be back with hopes that this wasn't just a one time experience, but I'll put some money down that it wasn't.