I don't really know what brought me to this place. I was on a nighttime drive through Chinatown, to which I was suddenly attracted to this surge of bright fluorescent lights. My initial drive home instantly turned into a detour. I fell victim to this place, much like a fly getting zapped by a mesmorizing bug light.\n\nWalking in, I was kinda impressed. It seemed like this place had it all. It was like a mashup of everything I go out of my way for: convenience store drinks & snacks, Asian sandwiches, baked goods, frozen yogurt (coming soon), coffee, smoothies, boba, etc. It had all of this, plus it was open 24\/7.\n\nI was happy... giddy even. The concept of this store brought out the inner schoolgirl in me. \n\nThat all went downhill after I placed my order. I ordered a sandwich; a grilled pork one. \n\nPrice wasn't too bad. Maybe around the $4 spot.. decided to order a coffee with it as well. I sat at my table eagerly waiting (still on a schoolgirl mindset). Place wasn't really all that busy. Somehow, I still ended up waiting for my sandwich and coffee for over 10 minutes. A bit too long for a simple order. They call out order numbers using a DMV-like system. I'm guessing they're also trying to mimic the DMV wait times as well. Kinda boggles my mind to see how long it took, when I see what seems like 50 employees working the kitchen.\n\nAfter I got my order, I no longer was ecstatic. My inner giddiness turned into a neutral feeling. The baguette bread of my sandwich was hard, almost stale tasting; the pork: nothing impressive.  After the first bite, I had the most plain pokerface going on. It was a bland, dry, and overall, a depressing food. \n\nThe coffee had a very strong flavor, though creamed and sweetened to the max. The coffee taste was so intense that I felt like I was getting smacked in the face with a sack of coffee beans with each sip. I kinda liked it, in a kinky sort of way. \n\nAm I coming back to this place? Probably not. I know there's some new store kinks going on, but I just don't see how it can get much better than my initial visit.\n\nNote - So far, it's a cash only joint, though they decided to get an ATM inside instead of a credit card machine. I guess they prefer to give us surcharges over convenience.