SO Verdict... Read below if you need the why, Blu Sushi has a great menu and the food is very good, if they managed to figure out the service and pricing then it has my vote but the lack of this gives them 2 stars.... So much more to be desired from yet another attempt at west valley dinning.\n\nThis time we stopped by the Blu Sushi that has been here for several years but we have yet to give it a shot.  We showed up on a Saturday evening, there was 5 people at the sushi bar, about 4 tables seated with one descent table of 6 people. \n\nThe restaurant is nicely done, there was definitely some chedda vested here and the sound system and tv bring it a nice subtle but still classy touch.  \n\nThere were two sushi chefs and some sou chefs in kitchen and a total of 2 servers which btw includes them as hostesses.  \n\nWe ordered edaname, and their tea to start.  For dinner we did the baked salmon over california roll, the scallops special roll and the killer shrimp, my wife ordered her usual side of rice (we will talk about this in a moment.\n\nThe server was very mellow not too friendly, typical for these places so not a worry.  But there was a problem and clearly they were taking to long to bring out our edaname, after 20 minutes we had it.  \n\nAnother 20 minutes came and no food, typically these joints will bring out a nice small salad or mizo, nothing. Finally the server came by and said something I didn't understand but she brought a dish with some tempura jalapeños with cream cheese and said sorry for wait.  She put it on my side of table leaving my pregnant wife wondering what that was about.  I appreciate the appeasement but I would prefer better service.  \n\nAnother 15 minutes passed by and I get my scallops special, again my poor wife waits.  Finally 15 minutes later she gets some rice, okay we are getting started together.  Then another 5 minutes comes the killer shrimp and we are enjoying it but notice another 15 minutes passing and no seared sashimi and also we still were waiting on another dish. It finally came and we were definitely disappointed by then.\n\nThe total for this evening not including any alcohol was 68 bucks, definitely on the high end but worth it if they figured out the service.