I ate at Fonda Lola with a friend after hearing about it relentlessly. I really, truly like Mexican food of all stripes, and was super stoked to find out what made Fonda Lola stick out so vividly from all the other places in town, some of which are really damn good!\n\nI was disappointed constantly. I'll start with the good: for tapas-style Mexican on West Queen West, Fonda Lola's prices are reasonable. \n\nCool! Now, unfortunately, on with the bad.\n\nTake all the things you would expect from Mexican food - fresh flavours, spice that isn't just there for heat, the boldness of drinks - and replace them with a muted shrug of a cuisine. That's Fonda Lola's recipe. For the life of me, I can't remember a single bite of anything I had.\n\nThe trout aguachile (ceviche, more or less) was a bunch of nothingness except for the lime it was marinated in, which landed, all at once, on an oppressively sour note without anything with which to balance it. The Carne Asada was flank steak served rare and cut incompetently; you were supposed to make tacos of it. For all the chewing I did on the undercooked meat, I expected to figure out where the advertised mole came into the dish. Maybe I read the menu wrong? Maybe I was tricked? There was only steak (rare), dry tortilla, equally forgettable toppings, and the faint memory that this should be something more.\n\nThe first dish we had was also the most indicative of how deeply messed up the cooking is at Fonda Lola: guacamole! An $8 order comes with tortilla chips. Don't quote me on this, but I think it was also topped off with salsa verde. So there you have it: what should be two of the most powerfully flavourful Mexican toppings, placed on a tortilla chip, and the tortilla chip won out as both (a) tastier and (b) actually tasting like anything at all.\n\n\"Taste\" and \"flavour\" are often wiggle words that reviewers use to cover up their biases, and to hide their inexperience with a certain level of bullshit. That's fine. I'm no restaurant reviewer (alas, here I am reviewing Fonda Lola, but it's more as a PSA). What I think I know well is guacamole. And I'm biased towards the citrusy sort, I like that a lot! But I also know it can be awfully good as a savoury dish, too. Texturally it can be just as diverse and complex.\n\nNone of the things that a guacamole can do well were done by Fonda Lola's guacamole, and I can say that with confidence. It was a nothing of a dish - and everything else on the menu followed up on that. Actually, the only thing that stood out the whole night was the dab of sour cream in the rice and beans. It brought those few ingredients together in a way that reminded me that yes, Mexican food can be really damn tasty. \n\nThen the server took my plate away while I was in the washroom, as the next seating was a mere 25 minutes away, and so I was left to wonder if that dish, too, was but a dream.\n\nIn reading other people's reviews and Fonda Lola's self-description, maybe I should have had different expectations. Maybe I should have gone just for some margaritas, or prepared myself for \"lighter, healthier Mexican.\" Sure. But Chef Howard - is that who's still running the kitchen? - should know that Mexican food offers way more than that. You can leave fat out completely and deliver on flavour, with no compromises. You can serve a completely vegan Mexican meal and never leave anyone wondering if the chips were the tastiest part of their last hour and a half. You can do a lot, and they ought to do a lot more.\n\nDon't go. Please, please give your money and attention to any other establishment. I've never been so thoroughly disappointed by a dining experience, and yet people still were showing up by the carload.