Liege waffles. I'm doing my best to burn that into my mind so I don't forget the name of one of my favorite breakfast finds in a long while. I had them first at Cast Iron Waffles. And boy, what a treat.\n\nLet's talk about this type of waffle. This isn't your standard puffy Belgian that starts crisp but swiftly turns to mush under the weight of maple syrup. These pucks of love are about half the size and two times the weight, sweeter than standard Belgians and dense to bite, made with pearl sugar which caramelizes as the waffle cooks. They're also incredibly tasty.\n\nOn Cast Iron itself -- no, you won't find much seating, and my group was lucky to get the last table available for our group of five. It happens, and is a testament to the shop's quality. Can't eat in? Get something to go. Buy a couple frozen and make them yourself. You'll live to see another day if you don't get a seat, though your waffle surely won't.\n\nOur local friend who recommended the place noted he foolhardily ordered two waffles on his first trip to the establishment. While he ate both, he couldn't manage another bite of food the entire day. One is all you need, he said. And repeated himself. To look on these initially, you wouldn't expect his words to ring true. You're not going to find any of the usual breakfast sides on offer at Cast Iron, but frankly, you won't need them.\n\nMy berry waffle arrived at the table painfully last of all, as I sat in want watching my friends savor their lovely creations. The fruity concoction atop my liege waffle wasn't your average squeezed-from-a-bottle affair, featuring a mix of multiple berries that gave a sweet and sour twist to every flavor-rich, delicious bite. My friend's banana, strawberry and chocolate combo was the best at the table, but mine was still comparably amazing. The coffees, hot and cold, were also universally praised.\n\nThis waffle will make you very full. It will likely shorten your lifespan. It will make you wonder whether Cast Iron offers to wheel you back to your car for a couple bucks extra tip. But it's oh so worth it.