Cozy, comfy, and remarkably consistent! \n\nLarry's is open all day, every day, and whether you're stopping for a coffee, a quick bite, or to dine and drink, you're surely guaranteed to enjoy a wonderful experience! Dishes are on point, staff is friendly, and the ambiance is absolutely charming.\n\nHere's a tip: early Saturday and Sunday mornings are a good time to lounge, enjoy a perfectly executed breakfast, sip from a warm cup of coffee and and take the time to breathe right. A secret retreat for some \"me time\" or perfect spot to meet up with friends! Note to young parents, bring your babies & kids - they'll enjoy the company.\n\nDepending on when you come, you'll meet Kim at the barista station, efficient Camille or kind and attentionate Lisa to help you order.\n\nHere you'll be served coffee made from the Heart Roasters based out of Portland OR. Even though the CAD-USD currency exchange rate is currently pretty horrible, the owners nonetheless make the effort to bring us the good quality beans while maintaining at very reasonably priced cup of coffee.\n\nTucked in the back are 'Fearless & Feminine' chef Mary and 'Born to Cook' chef Korlin who deliver an unstoppable amount of appealing and amazing tasty dishes from the tiniest and most optimized kitchen ever - pay attention to details such as the small racks of eggs and spice containers magnetically attached to the vent.\n\nIf you get there early enough you can witness the transformation of little white pale balls of dough into golden and delicious English muffins that make the base of the succulent breakfast sandwiches. Bubbles are mashed potatoes combined with grilled leaks. Mushrooms are sautéed with chives and butter. Eggs are prepared your way, with thick bacon or crispy sausage and toasted buttered square bread. Scrambled eggs are simply divine - creamy, buttery, rich and slightly runny! \n\nFor lunch or later, try the spaghetti, cucumber salad, tomato salad, pork chop, or creamed cabbage all sure hits but I must confess and have yet to try the rest of the menu and indulge in some wine and cocktails. Who knows, you might catch me there one of these evenings!