I rented from these guys back in September. Usually I don't rent from off-airport companies, but the price differential was so large that I thought I'd give them a shot. We had the same issues that the other reviewer had finding the place - the guy who answered the phone when I rang the number they gave us had a very pronounced Quebecois accent, and if I hadn't been familiar with it, it would have been hard to understand him. Finding where to pick the shuttle up isn't all that difficult, as it is quite well sign posted, but it is a fair hike through the parking garage, and you wonder where the heck you are going at times. Anyway, we finally found the spot, and the shuttle arrived promptly and took us to the office on Airport Road. When we got there, the car we were given had just come back off rental, and was quite dirty. The people hosed it down, but didn't do a great job of cleaning it (there was still bird poop on it, for example). We also got a really hard insurance sell from the guy at the desk, which I didn't appreciate (my credit card has quite explicit coverages, but he didn't think they were enough). I ended up buying the cheapest level of insurance, which still added nearly $400 to the two week rental cost. Whether I really needed it or not, I still don't know. The other thing that bothered me was that it was dark when I picked the car up, and I couldn't see that well to inspect it. The guy assured me it was clean, but when I looked at it in the daylight the next morning, there were several light scratches on it that I hadn't noticed the night before. We didn't get penalized for them when we took it back, but I think this will be the last time that I pick up a car in the dark.\n\nFinding the place again at the end of the rental wasn't too difficult, and we got processed quickly and were at the airport in 15 minutes. There are also several gas stations along the same road where you can fill the tank up, which is an advantage, since when you return cars to the terminal in Toronto, there is nothing between 401 and the terminal building. Unless you know the back streets (which I do), you can end up getting dinged quite badly for a gas fill-up. Anyway, we didn't get overcharged for anything, apart from the rather dubious insurance fees mentioned above. So, overall, not a bad experience, but on balance I think I'll stick to in-terminal rentals in Toronto in future.