After slamming Scottsdale's Roaring Fork for their dry-as-hell Big Ass Burger, I felt it was only right I let those in the greater Phoenix area know who has a real burger.\n\nDelux has a real burger.\n\nGranted it is not on as many \"Top Ten\" lists as the Big Ass Burger, but how often are those things right, anyway?  I suspect those reviews are too often written by journalistic whores who make underhanded deals with restaurant owners, trading free meals on their knees and two-night-a-week access to the bottom shelf in exchange for plugging a restaurant's mediocre fare.  Luckily my fellow yelpers are much smarter than that. How much smarter?  Much smarter enough to trust a random stranger who utilizes a terrifying picture of Conrad Veidt as his personal icon and writes food reviews at 2:00 in the morning.  Damn straight!\n\nNow, on to the food!\n\nI have been going to Delux burger for about nine years, and the menu has grown vastly in that time.  However, I don't often stray from getting the Classic Burger.  It is always cooked great, and medium-rare means you are going to get your burger medium rare.  Full of flavor and just damn delightful.  It's like a flavor explosion in your mouth.  You know that Deftones' song, \"Passenger\"?  It's like that - but in your mouth.  If you aren't familiar with the song, trust me when I tell you this is a very good thing.  And I don't even really like the Deftones.  Or Tool.\n\nI would also recommend the Delux Burger, the namesake, the flagship, the Big Kahuna, the Keyser Söze, the mysterious golden-light-coming-out-of-the-briefcase.  Okay, so it's not as good as all that, but it is pretty tasty.  For the Los Angelenos out there, the Delux Burger is a direct rip-off of the Father's Office Office burger (Santa Monica), complete with the baby arugula.  The difference?  Delux is less cocksure and will let you have all the ketchup you want.  Boo-ya, Father's Office.  Boo-ya.\n\nI have never had a bad burger at this place.  The food is consistently exceptional.\n\nMy ex-girlfriend introduced me to Delux, so I cry a little bit every time, but the bittersweet, nostalgic ache in my heart is quickly soothed by the delicious red meat, grilled onions, and toasted bun I stuff in my mouth.  Despite the emotional baggage waiting for me whenever I arrive, I can still recognize it is a good place for a date.  My half-Japanese girl (who does it to me every time) really likes the sushi, and they give you as much hot water as you request to squeeze every last drop of life out of your bag of green tea.\n\nIf you are looking for a good burger, look no further than Delux.  Tell them Tommy sent you, and they will look at you blankly and nothing will happen.\n\nYou won't regret it.  Any of it.