Before I go into the review, some tips at eating at a Chinese restaurant, hopefully will add more to your dining experience.  Trust me, I have been a Chinese for over 32 years, I know a bit about eating at Chinese restaurants.\n\n1)  If you seek authentic Chinese food, it's a good sign when you see lots of Chinese people eating there.\n2)  Most authentice Chinese restaurants have two menus, one is filled with westernized Chinese food (think orange chicken, egg foo young), the other contains \"real\" authentic Chinese dishes.  In some restaurants they will hand you one menu as opposed to the other, depending on if you are Chinese or non-Chinese.  In some places they will hand you both, which is what they do here (or was it because we had a \"mixed\" party, with myself and two non-Chinese people, hmmm...)  At this place, the booklet menu is the western one, the oversized one-page menu is the Chinese one, and contains more adventurous dishes like steamed whole fish, so choose accordingly.\n3)  Family style dining is what Chinese people typically do.  That means we order for everyone and we share all the dishes, instead of each person having their own plate of food.  Try it, it's fun.\n\nNow, for the review.  This is an acceptable Chinese restaurant, which by my high standards means it's decent, especially considering that there's not as big of a Chinese population in Montreal, at least compared to other Canadian cities like Toronto, Vancouver, or San Francisco in the U.S., where I live.  I was really keeping my expectations low, because it's also in a very touristy part of town.  That said, I was just relieved that the dishes were not overly oily and sugary, which tends to be the case in many restaurants that cater to western taste.  They have a decent selection of authentic Chinese\/Cantonese dishes, including steamed whole fish, boiled chicken, stir-fried lobster in a ginger scallion sauce, etc.  I also had a bowl of shrimp wonton noodle soup here another day, which has wontons stuffed with fresh shrimps and ground pork, along with nice and firm egg noodles.\n\nAgain, not great by my high standard, but OK enough that I would eat here whenever I'm in the area, which is saying a lot.\n\nP.S.  Fortunes from the cookies are funnier if you add \"in bed\" at the end.