How can you NOT like this place? My party of 4 was treated like VIP here.  Maybe they thought I was Jackie Chan or somethin...  but anywayz... \nTwo of us had the Chef's Prix Fixe ($90), and other two had the Lion King Prix Fixe($55).  I was lucky enough to have a taste of both menus (actually I ate half of what my gf couldn't finish. Win win right?) so I will list them out.\n\nComplimentary appetizer: Some kind of fried cod.  It was very small...although free.  Tasty!\nTruffled Onion Soup: Absolutely delicious.  The braised duck was a nice touch to the soup.  I wish there was more black truffle in there, but that's my greedy side talking.\nAhi Tuna Tartare: WOW. One of the most delicious tuna tartares I've ever had.  Just the perfect amount of ponzu (with some ginger I think) with fennel. what flavor!\nAlaskan Salmon: Cooked nicely.  It was tasty... maybe a little too many chives.  Kind of overpowered the dish.\nBraised Short Ribs: Cooked to perfection.  The short ribs didn't even need to be cut with a knife.  The guiness reduction was a nice touch.  Didn't care too much for the mustard with mustard seeds.\nFilet Mignon: Perfectly cooked to my liking (medium rare).  A beautiful piece of meat here.  The wine reduction sauce was spot on.  The mash potatoes were a little too buttery and creamy.  Almost didn't taste like potatoes.\nComplimentary Dessert: Passion fruit sorbet with coconut tapioca + fruits.  WOW. My eyes totally lit up when I tasted this one.  It's refreshing and delicious.  They need to put this on their regular menu!\nChocolate souffle: Very good.  \nGrand Marnier Souffle: Tasty.  I liked this one a lot more than the chocolate souffle.\nComplimentary tea snacks: Assorted hard cookie's and candy drops.  I didn't care for it but I felt like VIP after this 3rd complimentary dish.\n\nThe inner decor was very chic.  I would have preferred maybe some jazz or slow jazz over the monotone beats they were playing.  Made me kind of sleepy waiting for the food.  Service was excellent.\n\nWhile it is an expensive dinner, we were treated to a fine culinary experience.  I would definitely come back.  Hats off to Chef Keller.