I am not one to complain about money when it comes to dining. I think I work so that I can eat at nice places and yelp about it. The sad part is, I wasn't kidding. Hey, we all have our priorities! My deck at home could flake off but my tummy is always happy.\n\nHowever, Vegas and food are ridiculous. I just dropped $18 on a sad breakfast sandwich and a coffee. It's insane. It should have been just $8! So, last night's dinner at Wolfgang Puck Pizzeria and Cucina was a real treat as I didn't have to worry about the check.\n\nMy company took me and my colleagues for a very nice dinner at a private room here. It was so much fun as we have worked all day on Sunday and it was fun to see everyone at one place. Beer, wine, and cocktails were flowing and before we knew it, we were laughing and having a blast over heirloom bruschetta, calamari, and meatballs. All were tasty.\n\nAfter that, we had a pasta course of bucatini with wild boar ragu that was to die for. It was  really delicious mix of thick savory tomato and jus mixed of a sauce with shreds of tender wild boar, kale, and hand rolled pasta. Yumm!\n\nThough I was getting full, I still enjoyed the flat iron steak with potato and broccolini. The flat iron steak was surprisingly tender with great flavor on the meat. There was a salmon selection that looked good as well but I think I made the right choice.\n\nDessert was also surprisingly deeelicious!! It was an individual pie with peach filling with almond paste served warm with ice cream. That was a perfect combo for me. I don't believe I have ever loved a man more than I love a great warm pie. Well for one thing, the pie never argues with me. That's a big plus.\n\nThe room we were in was very nice and spacious enough to house all of us. There were over 30 people and it was just fine. The service was also impeccable. It was well done.\n\nI am lucky that I work for a great company and my coworkers are just really awesome people. I really had a blast over Moscow Mule and Hefeweizen. Plus, no check to swipe a credit card for. Yay! I could make up some of the other meals since I saved tonight! Yeah, life of a per diem traveling worker! However, can't complain really.. Not tonight because yes, I am working but I am working in Vegas!!! Whoohoo!