Last I checked, OMNIA is on the top 30 list of best nightclubs in the world. Note that it's behind Hakkasan, which is top 10. I think the club is beautiful and I would have enjoyed myself if it wasn't overpacked with people. \n\nMy group and I came to see Porter Robinson and had presale tickets. The presale line for us actually started outside so we had to start lining up outside, which is different than what some other Yelpers are saying to do for presale. Before we went to the main room of the club, we took our time to explore the other parts of Omnia. The rooftop terrace is gorgeous and a great place to talk with friends. The corridors and the other dance room were also really cool to hang out in. Of course, the drinks here are outrageously expensive -about $20 for a mixed drink and $10 for a small water bottle. \n\nThe main room of the club where the headliner plays has a dance floor, private tables surrounding this dance floor, and an outer ring. There's also a second floor but I didn't get the chance to go up there. Let me start off by saying the lights and effects are really beautiful. The centerpiece that drops from the ceiling is unique and helps Omnia stand out as a club. Unfortunately, we didn't get to see most of the effects because there was WAY TOO MUCH people in the club. I'm talking wall to wall sardines to the point where I was subconsciously looking for fire exits in case something happened in the club. It was definitely hazardous - I wonder how Omnia would have evacuated that many people if an emergency happened. There was a poor kid in a wheelchair unable to wheel around and had to ask a bouncer for help in parting the sea of people. \n\nMoving around is next to impossible. I made the mistake of wearing heels and my feet were bruised and destroyed by the time the night was over. I've never had so many people step on and trample my feet. Halfway through the main set, my boyfriend and I actually managed to get on to the main dance floor (without paying a sketchy bouncer). We walked the outer right side of the room until we were almost at the stage. There was a line there to get on the main floor. Once we were there, it was amazing. Porter Robinson was only a few feet away from us. \n\n\nOverall, a gorgeous club with consistently impressive headliners. The only issue other than the price is the overcrowding. If you plan on coming here without purchasing a table, be prepared to enter a sardine can of sweaty people.