I have never been so horrified by such terrible service. Out of the 100+ reviews I have written, I have only given out 2 other one star ratings. I would give zero stars is possible because this was the singularly most unprofessional and rude company I have ever dealt with. \n\nI was trying to help my baby sister with her first apartment move out process. She asked for a quote for how much it would be to get her apartment carpet cleaned. They sent her a very unclear message so I tried calling but no one picked up so I sent the following text messages asking for a more formal document. \n\nWhen they called me back he was VERY rude accusing me of calling over 10 times and bothering them all morning. I explained to him that was not me and that he was thinking of someone else. He kept being rude and forcefully barked that he would call me back. Rude but I figured he was busy so I agreed.\n\nHalf an hour later he called more irritated and aggressive than ever. He asked what it was that I wanted and I simply restated that I was looking for a more formal quote with the estimate for a cleaning. He said that they didn't do that and then started accusing me of harassing him. Again, I told him that person was not me. He started going off about how busy he was and how he didn't have time for this because he wasn't getting paid etc. Asking for a quote is a very normal part of the process when choosing a company to work with. \n\nWhen I calmly stated that I only called for a quote but was sensing much attitude from him, he went in to tell all kinds of nonsense at me, not even letting room for me to speak. At one point, he said he had proof of harassment bc he had 5 text messages from him and two calls. By the way, I've attached a screen shot of my \"five text messages\" to him. Instead of listening to a potential customer to avoid a misunderstanding... he yelled, blamed, lost his temper, and even called me an idiot. \n\nDo not use this company that treats people so horrendously. Read other people's reviews, you'll see I'm not the only one. This is not a smear campaign but only a fair and true recounting of facts.