This is no real estate team. They are time and money wasters. Please dont even hire them and save your money, time, and mental health.\nThey initially referred Maid for Brilliance cleaning team that came and did not clean what they were supposed to, they left cigarette butts and QT coffee cups on my garage floor. I tried to call and talk to the manager which she neglected my calls but did text me immediately \"sorry i am in a no call area but you can text me.\" I tried to call her again the next day after the 'cleaners' returned and she sent me the same message in text. I sent pictures of the poor cleaning job they did and she ignored me and still charged our card.... and these people were recommended by Brett Tanner company. \nMy second issue was Brett Tanner team decided to do an open house on Friday from 11-2..... who goes to open houses on a Friday during lunch break?? After raising some hell with Jessica she told me its a hit or miss on fridays.... definitly a miss- we had 0 come to it. She decided to do a back to back sat\/sun open house a weekend later... sure those are ideal days.... but no offers and 8 walk throughs the entire  weekend. Now here is where it gets really good..... there is supposed to be an open house, and im not kidding you- verbatim on zillow it says \"***Open house Sat. 02\/24 - 11am-3pm. -1pm-4pm!!!!.\"  Theres 2 very bad errors here, 02\/24... that was yesterday, a Friday; today is saturday 02\/25.... and what does that time even mean? 11-3 1-4? Pretty sure no one will be showing up. Oh just wait its even better they gave us an offer, which they already made a contract out with the potebtial buyers BEFORE consulting with us.... oh here is the kicker.... after a week of counter offers and our 'agreement' being revised how we suggested, we find out the potential buyers are STILL WAITING for their rental property to be approved for a  refinance so they can even buy our home! Uhhhhhh.. what real estate company even PHATHOMS the idea to negotiate with clients WHO DONT EVEN HAVE MONEY?? Im no genius in real estate, but i would think they would make sure people had money before making deals.