Thank you, Brand, for offering such an amazing value on your prix fixe menu for Yelp's Spring Break! I admit, that's why I came - having never really heard much about the restaurant, but what a gem! We were even there right when dinner started, and although we were one of the only folks in the place, the service and ambiance still made it feel very special. And on that note - service was really great.\n\nFor our starters, Mr. L and I shared the Hot Rocks and the Brand Salad. Hot Rocks was so much fun! What's not to love about an 850F rock that you cook razor thin slices of sirloin on. And the amount of flavor they were able to get in those little slices was surprising, too. The Brand Salad: I know, salad, boring, right?... no. There wasn't even lettuce in the salad --- straight shrimp, green beans, and tomatoes --- big chunks of shrimp, and plenty to share. Impressive.\n\nEntrees: Let's be honest, we both wanted the 12oz bone in Brooklyn Filet... but in the interest of variety, we only got one, and we got the Chilean Sea Bass. And quite honestly, I think the Sea Bass was a contender for the title. Both were amazing. Tender\/flaky, perfectly cooked, seasoned, the works. The risotto with the Sea Bass was also a winner, and was cooked with lobster broth and gave me even *more* shrimp! What's not to love?\n\nThere's also nothing not to love about the mac and cheese, and believe me, I know my mac and cheese. This had a thick creaminess to it, with that crunchy breadcrumb topping. Lots of flavor, lots of cheese, nicely cooked pasta.\n\nDessert was just excessive, but we forced down one of them... Baked Alaska was a nice meal ender - not too heavy, strawberry icecream concoction. I'd order that again. We brought the cheesecake home and that made for a great breakfast ;-)\n\nWine list was also pretty extensive and had a good range in prices. I'd definitely go back for a special night - I might split a few more dishes than I did, but hey, hard to turn down such a generous prix fixe deal!