At Carmine's Pizza a $1 goes a long way. From 11 to 4 P. M, a $1 delivers the taste of New York style pizza 2,540 miles from New York City to Las Vegas. As a transplanted New Yorker that considers Las Vegas the sixth borough, I can attest to the fact that this is genuine New York pizza and not some rubbish. The thin crust topped with tasty tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese that was large enough to fold in half just like a New York slice gives many of the pizzerias that I grew up with in New York a run for the money. The $1 slice is a fantastic deal. For crying out loud, a sausage burrito in McDonald's is more money. Recently before hiking on the Seven Hills community I took advantage of the $1 deal. I ordered two slices and a fountain beverage that came out to $4 and change. \n\n   It wasn't the New York slice of pizza for $1 during lunch that originally brought me to Carmine's. It was their eggplant parmegana sub which we call hero in New York. More than pizza I love eggplant parmegana. After hiking up on the Anthem East Trail, I made Carmine's my post-hiking supper. The thing about Carmine's is that if you didn't have Yelp or an online map, the place would be hard to find. It is tucked away in a small shopping center at the southeast corner of Horizon Ridge Parkway at Carnegie Street. This small shopping center location is the antithesis to the stereotype New York pizzeria along a bustling New York City sidewalk. Talking about location, the affluent neighborhood near the foothills of the McCullough Mountains is the last place I'd expect to find $1 slices of New York pizza during lunch. \n\n   The interior celebrates New York City. The pictures display New York City landmarks that include the New York icon Nathan's Famous. The table cloths recall my  memories of dining in the Italian restaurants in Long Island, NY. The inside also reminds me of the Italian restaurant Marios on the classic sitcom \"Taxi.\" Over and above the interior was the delicious egg plant parmegana sub that I was enjoying while looking at the pictures of New York City. My only complaint is that they could of added more eggplant. Regardless it was a delicious sub, than came to around $10 with a fountain beverage. \n\n    On both visits, the staff was friendly. At Carmine's you interact with the staff when you order and pay at the counter that overlooks the ovens, when they serve the food and beverage to your table, and when you pay. \n\n   At Carmine's a $1 goes a long way. I am a fan of the $1 New York pizza slice lunch special. This is genuine tasty New York City pizza transported to the dessert. Likewise at Carmine's a handful of $1s go a long way. I also enjoyed the eggplant parmegana sub with the fountain beverage. Ultimately for this review, a $1 brings Carmine's Pizza a long way up the Yelp star rating spectrum to 4 stars.