Bearing in mind all the caveats associated with gambling in general, (see my review of Soboba Casino), let's talk about the Cannery Casino experience.\n \nSweet thang and I arrived around 5pm on a Saturday and check-in was a breeze. Valet parked the red scream dream and bellman got the gear to the room. we stayed in room 352 which is in the non-smoking section and the room was very good. Had a nice view of the pool. (See the picture). The only downside at all was having to walk through the smoking section to get to our room and apparently the hallways are used, (part of the bldg design I would presume), as part of the whole structures ventilation\/ air exchange system. The hallways in the smoking section reeked of smoke. Short of that, no complaints. \n\nSuper huge upvote for the freakin' shower head in our bathroom. I am dang in luuuuuvvvv! I've called them back since and tried to find out who makes said unit, but so far Denora, (?), the lady in charge of rooms or hospitality hasn't gotten back to me. If any of you yelpers or yelperettes know who makes that marvelous shower head, drop ol' Panochey a line and bust it out for me. \n\nMy other picture is of the cooler in the gift shop. It's on your right as you enter the casino floor from the guest rooms. So what's the big deal? Tall boys. Nuthin' but tall Boys as far as the eye can see. If you want a beer, this is the secret place to hit. No sense in messin' with pints, eh? 12oz. cans or bottles? How gauche. The prices looked about right too. Da-amn. \n\nOur play here mirrored what Erica M. Said about the Eastside Cannery. I pretty much broke even. I did not see a single hand pay while in town. Apparently the machines now are rigged to not pop. Kinda sucks.\n\nAte late night at Victory's, (a life saver), Champagne brunch Sunday morning was decent if uninspired. The only true minus was that when we called for a bellmen to check out, (Ol' Panochey's ticker ain't so hot), we waited 45 minutes before deciding to go ahead and hike it mano a mano. I survived. It looked like there was only one guy running the valet and no bellmen. ? C'est la vie. \n\nWould I stay again? Seeing as we got a lot of comp love, yeah probably so, but definitely yes if you call me with shower head info, Denora! ;)