I won the bid for this hotel on Priceline for 4 nights. Thought I had scored an awesome deal until we checked in. They charged an extra $18 a night. Very under handed considering I bid on it and had no control over which hotel was chosen. \n\nI asked if I could stay the first night and be refunded for the remainder of my stay. She said I would have to talk to Priceline. Priceline made note of my complaint and that was it. They did say I shouldn't have been charged a resort fee. Too tired and frustrated to argue I accepted the fee. \n\nWe were given keys to our room. The room was one bedroom suite. Nice, seemed clean, but out dated. It was acceptable. The beams in the ceiling weirded me out but it was okay. \n\nWe slept and slept, exhausted from our trip. We finally had to roll out of bed because our stomachs were growling to loud. We got ready and went to eat, shopped, sight seeing. We returned to the room around 10 at night. \n\nI was getting ready for bed and heard my boyfriend yell out a slew of bad words. He was in the bedroom hanging up his shirt. I thought he hurt himself, went to see what happened. He was standing there shoe in hand and I knew what it was. \n\nFRIGGIN HUGE COCKROACH!!!! I was so disgusted! I immediately called the front desk. I was panicked and hysterical. The front desk person says \"Oh, did it trip you on the way to the bathroom?\" Then laughed. WTH!!!! Is this lady for real?!?! And that wasn't the end of her charming wit! She went on to say \"Well...they're common. They come up through the sewer and especially if you leave the door open they come in from outside because of the landscaping.\" I said we never left the door open and I would like a room change please. She said \"I'm not sure if we have any other rooms available. Let me check and call you back.\" I hung up and we packed up everything. Shook out any clothes left on the floor. I was scared to go in the bathroom to gather our shower stuff. There was no way I was going to be able to sleep in a possibly infested room. Having nightmares about what could be crawling on me or in my belongings while I was incoherent. \n\nThe phone rings \"We only have a room with two double beds. We can put you in that one\" I said no I want another room equivalent or better than what were in right now. At this point I'm about to lose it with this idiot front desk person. I was already tired and had fallen asleep on the card ride back to the room. My boyfriend had to practically carry me in. Now I was wide awake and twitching because I kept thinking any minute more are going to crawl out of the ceiling. She finally says \"We have a suite that we can upgrade you to, that has a king bed. I'll send security to your room to help you with your bags and show you to the other room.\" The property is pretty during the day but at night it's scary. Apparently creepy crawly creatures lurk in the tall thick grass and under the little walkway bridges. \n\nThe other room was a bigger suite with a full size kitchen and a fireplace. Again... dated and seemed clean. We settled in and I got ready for bed after I checked all the nooks and crannies where potential insects could be nesting. I left lights on just in case they tried to come out and attack. Put all our belongings up high, even our shoes. Everything was okay till the next night I saw a small one crawling by the fire place. I smashed the heck out of it. \n\nI dreaded having to deal with unapologetic and useless hotel staff. I knew they would not give me a refund and I was too tired to change to another room that might be worse. \n\nI strongly suggest not spending anytime here. It's infested! I think Priceline should remove this property from the bidding pool. I'm going to upload my pic of the leggy diseased culprit. They will probably remove it. Hope this helps someone to have a better time than I had.