Chef Utter is turning out some good dishes at Michael Mina's Pub 1842 in the District at the MGM Grand on the way to the MGM Grand Garden Arena.  This was my third visit to Pub 1842 and it was with 3 friends that got together for brunch.\n\nWe had a reservation and the chef was given the OK to send out dishes  as he decided for the table.  First, two of our group order two cocktail flights.  They had mixed reactions to the drinks in strength and in taste but I can't judge that.\n\nThe items that we got were (with menu descriptions):\n\nBBQ chicken drumsticks--Carolina bbq sauce, celery sticks, blue cheese dressing\nHot soft pretzels--'merican beer cheese, poached egg, crumbled bacon, chives\n1842 nachos--pork chili verde, shredded cheddar, 'merican cheese sauce pico de gallo, black bean relish, fresnos, crema, green onions\nBBQ sampler platter--baked beans, cabbage slaw, jalapeño corn bread\nSweet potatoes--maple-chipotle cream cheese, pecan streusel sea salt\nSmoked beef brisket hash--fried potatoes, jalapeño, red bell peppers, caramelized onions, bbq aïoli, two over easy eggs\nThe pig and the waffle--cheddar chive cornbread waffle, Carolina bbq pulled pork, two over easy eggs, chipotle crema\nMonte Cristo--country ham, roasted turkey, smoked gouda cheese swiss cheese, raspberry chipotle compote\nCampfire S'more bar--devil's food cake, toasted marshmallow\ngraham cracker crust\n\nI am a sucker for soft pretzels and the beer cheese with the addition of thje poached egg made for an excellent dip for the pretzels.  This could be the beginning and end of my brunch experience because I'd eat them all.  I am not much of a BBQ person so I tasted some of the pulled pork but took a pass on the ribs. \n\nI can also recommend the smoked beef brisket hash but it comes at a hefty price of $23 for the skillet of hash.  The Pig and the waffle was a good item but the Monte Cristo was something I'd skip in the future.  It had way too much breading for my taste.  The cheese, ham, and turkey were lost in the breading.  The S'more bar was OK and a good way to end the meal.\n\nGiven its location and the Strip pricing, Pub 1842 is not a place that I'd recommend meeting friends from out of town.  While the food is good, the prices don't justify the trip here.  When I heard what our share of the bill was, I thought I misheard at first.  I didn't.