Huge facilities, I mean HUGE! Spa, salon and fitness center are all located seperatly. You have to check in at different front desks if you have different services. The spa front desk sent me upstairs to spa facility cause they thought my waxing was getting done over there, but the lady at the spa had to send me down cause my waxing was actually supposed to be done at the salon. So there goes my walking, I didn't even need to use the fitness center, I'd had enough exercise already! \n\nI did Brazilian wax including toosh for the first time, the room was very clean, she provided a wipe before the waxing. To the waxing technician's big surprise, I didn't feel a thing from Brazilian wax, not to mention I was a first timer! Well, I don't have much hair and my hair is really thin, guess that's the reason why it didn't hurt at all. And I had my half legs done too, not that I needed it, I don't have much hair on my legs either. She did a great job on my legs, but not Brazilian wax, she didn't tweeze all the baby hair off, or maybe they were just too soft to plug or something. Oh well... \n\nAnd I had gel Mani & Pedi, along with hydrating care. The ladies did great jobs on both my hands and feet, they have three lines of gel colors, so many bright summer colors to choose from. Both of the ladies were very thorough and gentle, super nice too, we did a lot of chatting while getting my nails done, they were fun! Loved my services at nail salon! \n\nThe spa facility is definitely the largest and the best I have ever experienced! I loved the many co-ed areas, it was great that both hubby and I could enjoy quality times together, including huge common area, many treatment rooms and therapy pool. They have some snacks and basic refreshments throughout the facility, no food or alcohol unless you reserve one of those spa suites, they require treatments to use the spa suites and a certain fee each hour, minimum three hours. I highly recommend couples hang at the therapy pool for a while, it's overlooking liquid pool lounge, extremely quite and relaxing, definitely a great way to start a fun weekend or end a hard partying weekend. \n\nI LOVED the women spa, they have everything, ALL the amenities you need. Three jacuzzis in different temperatures, spacious sauna and steam room, also dressing rooms and lounge chairs. It's just one super nice facility to enjoy, relax and get ready for the evening! \n\nHubby did a special massage with a petite woman stepping on his back, he said it was too painful for him, I told him to just stay with traditional massage in the future. We spent a good 5 or 6 hundred bucks on spa and salon services, minus the OK waxing service, I was very satisfied with everything else! Extremely polite and friendly staffs, a very pleasant spa experience indeed!\n\nJust keep in mind that you don't need to spend a couple hundreds on services to get to enjoy the spa facility, just buy a $30 day pass, then you can spend a whole day there, that's really a great deal for how nice this facility is!\n\nPs. Be careful, you need to sign and tip on EACH service ticket, I over tipped cause I thought I'd just write down a total for all services, but they actually charge seperatly by each service ticket. So I had to sign the ticket I left out earlier in the end, and totally forgot I had already tipped more than enough! I think they really should specify on how guests signing and tipping the service tickets, it was very confusing! Also call in advance to ask them to wave the spa day pass if all your services are being done at the salon, cause you spend that much money already, you shouldn't have to pay for a spa day pass.