So, do you enjoy betting with your friends? Enjoy watching them try to decipher seemingly indecipherable information? Do this: take them on a drive past Hanini Subs on Bellaire and say, \"I'll bet you lunch plus two tickets to a Tribe game that that little place right there, yeah, that one, has maybe the best corned beef you've ever had. You in?\" \n\nYou can ignore their laughter, their scorn, their righteous ridicule, and you know why? Because pigs can fly, Skippy, they can actually freaking fly. Just pull in that lot, walk in the door, order to go (can't eat in), make that short drive to that little baseball park area where West Blvd meets Clinton, and ready yourself to enjoy nirvana with rye bread and mustard. \n\nThose of you bored eough to read my reviews know I've sort of been on a West Side corned beef quest. The winner to this point is Tal's Deli on Ridge. While it may take at least another visit or two for confirmation, there may be a new champ. And, I swear, if I taste better West of the Croked River my head might explode. \n\nI read the two reviews, got a a friendly reminder (a tip o'the motorcycle helmet to Fa'Tyma) and promised to get there this weekend. Promise kept. How I wish I'd found this place long ago.\n\nNo need to go into many details as Fa'Tyma's review wonderfully checked off all the boxes. The only thing I wanted to add is that when she says \"shaved\" it's shaved in a way I didn't know possible with corned beef. Actually, I'm not sure I would have believed it could be so great so thin. Tal's is very thick compared to this, very. It didn't seem to have that same spicy thing going on that you get from Corky & Lenny's, Mr Brisket or Tal's, but my digestive system didn't miss that in the slightest and neither did I. Wondered if I was going to regret not taking my PCBP (pre-corned beef pepcid) but it was no problem. \n\nTruly amazing corned beef from a modest little place in a neighorhood not known for food, i.e. an object lesson for keeping an open mind and reading and trusting Yelpers.