The dreaded location at 1608 East Blvd.  Easily one of the best restaurant locations in Charlotte, and doomed for any brave entrepreneur attempting to tame the price of rent and make a splash, just ask the folks at Sole, that Pizza place, and wasn't there one other one that was there for like a month before JJ's went in too?  Nothing more can be said about a terrific spot on East Blvd. that affords you dozens of options to walk too once you've finished with a meal and mercilessly punishes any restaurant that doesn't consistently deliver the best experiences.\n\nThey've pretty much gutted the old pizza place (wasn't that what it was before this one most recently?) and made it look and feel a whole lot like \"Good Food on Montford\".  While the trendiness is certainly appreciated, it feels cramped inside and does not make me feel like it would be a decent place to bring a hot date due to the loud chatter, and close proximity of other patrons.\n\nOutside, the patio area has also been revamped and opened up, which is nice, and actually a tolerable place to sit if it's not the middle of summer.\n\nOur waiter was a nice young guy I think was named Joe or Chad or Beau who, while I'm pretty sure didn't make the football team in high school, sure did party with that crew.  He didn't quite know much about the beers other than the Bud Light, surprisingly, so when we ordered what we thought was one beer and wound up with it's seasonal variety instead, should have taken more initiative to take away the erroneous brew.  Sorry bro, but your bad if you say its Kronenbourg \"kinda like a bud light, or Heineken, yea\" and then Kronenbourg Blanc comes out which is definitely a fruity, cloudy, wheat beer, and not much at all like those other lagers.  \n\nMy lamb burger was decent.  Burger was cooked properly, and the meat was seasoned well.  The bun was weak, and didn't hold up, so the burger wound up a mess in my hand.  They have the chef's version of \"Mediterranean fries\" is what Joe the waiter with the look like he just crushed the whippet hits from the whipped cream cans back in the walk-in freezer, informed us, which were basically super salty and super seasoned fingerlings that were roasted in an oven that wasn't hot enough to get that little crispy brownness you have to have to get those right.\n\nMy wife however ordered a barbeque panini or something like that.  Described basically as southern BBQ style pork on a panini.  So she was surprised when a club sandwhich on store-bought wheat bread came out with sliced (not pulled) pork shoulder.  Not a panini, not pulled pork BBQ.  \n\nIt was a total miss for her and I felt bad my date night had so many blunders given the fact I was looking forward to trying the Mediterranean... wait it's a Mediterranean BBQ place called... hang on, what's it called?  I didn't see any nuts on the menu, meh whatever - it's a miss for us - Kid Cashew.