Be careful of the step. And that one too. There are lots of steps here, where you wouldn't think there should be. The physical design of the place could be better.\n\nI've come here a bunch of times now. I like the food. It's relatively quick, tastes good, but I think it's a little pricy. \n\nWhen you arrive, there are some machines to the left before the counter. Proceed there to order. Once you're done, the order will be printed, take that slip to the counter to pay and get a buzzer. If you ordered a drink, wait for it there. Then you can sit and the food will come to you.\n\nI came in with a friend a few weeks back. We both got the beef noodle. And the red bean latte. And then we walked to a table. Unfortunately for me, I didn't see that to get to the table, there was a drop and I would need to step down right at the table. Not seeing that I needed to step down meant that I landed funny and spilled pretty much all of my drink. No red bean latte for me. I wonder how many people have this same problem, because within seconds, a staff person came and gave me a bunch of towels and began to mop right away. I hope it doesn't happen a lot, because I can imagine people turning their ankles pretty easily because of that. \n\nI didn't get a replacement for that drink, I guess because it was my fault for spilling it. But I did try it a few weeks later. I'll get to that in a bit. I did however get to try the beef noodle, and that was delicious. And for every meal you get here, an apple comes with it.\n\nA few weeks later, I came back and got the same thing. This time, I avoided the previous set of tables and say near the front.  There was a crowd of people waiting for their drinks, so I sat down thinking they have to get their drinks before I would get mine. But then I hear them call out a red bean latte, and so I walk up to the counter, but no drink. I asked they just called for my drink and gave them my number... And they said they just handed it to someone. The guy that too the drink eventually came back and said he ordered another drink and must've taken it by mistake. Lesson here is: stand there to get your drink. Apparently they have order numbers and tickets, but don't use\/collect them to check that the right people get their drinks.\n\nAfter the most recent meal, I walked out and thought \"ok, at least I didn't fall.\" Yeah except as soon as I thought that, I came to realize there's a step there that I keep forgetting as well...