I waited a few months before writing a review because I wanted to really know what I thought. I never met Jane before and I think she is lovely. Here are my reasons for why I would recommend her work to my mother, my friends, and strangers. 1: Time saving. I have what my husband calls the trifecta of trouble. The baby, the toddler, and the tween. All boys. All the time. I don't have time to shower, nonetheless put on makeup. 2: Cost. I spend roughly $80\/year on eyebrow pencils. That includes running out to Walgreens and maybe finding one that might work because I didn't have time (see above) or the funds to order the expensive one that I know works. 3: Artistic talent is just that, talent. No matter how many YouTube videos I watched, diagrams I downloaded, or information I gleaned from my many friends who are Aestheticians or MUA's, I don't have the talent. I swear I inherited an eyebrow from each parent, and then they slowly disappeared with each kid. Trying to get them remotely close to each other and symmetric to my face was simply impossible, no matter how hard I tried. 4: Self Esteem. I wake up with better brows than Sleeping Beauty. When I was in Massage school many years ago I remember a teacher explaining the importance of facial anatomy and saying, \"If you ever want to look 10 years younger, get a brow wax.\" Brows are that important. 5: Staying Power. Sweat, pool, drool, moving hair off my face, lick attacks... worries of the past. \nJane is an artist. Let your face be her canvas and you won't regret it. Also, tip. I was in such a hurry I forgot on my first visit and felt terrible. Her service and talents well deserve compensation beyond what she charges for them.\nI also want to add that I am half English and half Greek, my natural hair color is an impossible combination from random blonde and red hairs to random thick black hairs. My skin has just enough olive tone to throw off any makeup. I let Jane pick the color, which she custom mixes right there, and couldn't be happier with how my brows naturally compliment my skin and hair.