Horrible horrible customer service. Looked down on me for now spending 400$ on my first bracelet. Was rude to anyone new to the brand looking to start the bracelet. The sales associates have no customer service whatsoever and get super annoyed when you ask them for little tasks like getting another bracelet size. \n\nSo I got my bracelet last week from their free bracelet promotion. I put a bracelet on hold for 400$ with a $20 down payment to join a VIP line by informed the staff I wouldn't be taking all the charms. What a scam. Once the day came and I had got in and lined up for 40 minutes (not even express) the lady refused to help me because I wanted to lessen the price of my bracelet! Even worse she told me to line up all over again, start a new bracelet, meaning my 20$ deposit would have just floated into their pocket. She even told me to stop talking \"the express line doesn't even take that long\" rudest women ever. I assume this older lady was the manager, she had a British accent, red streaks in her hair, glasses, and would not let me get a word in. After refusing to line up again, I went to a free sales associate who angrily removed my charms while lecturing me on what I did and how it was unfair and wrong to everyone there at pandora! These people are so oblivious! If not for the charms, I would have just told them to keep it, and walk down to the Tiffany store for better service. \n\n\nAnyways the next day my boyfriend wanted to get me a new charm at Fairview which I was so excited for, but dreading the service. I was wrong though! The girls at FAIRVIEW are so much sweeter! they helped me pick out things so easily and also threw in the free bangle because I spent just over 250$! See they will go out of their way to help you, amazing customer service. \n\n\nBottom line, Yorkdale pandora is a horrible place to go, unless you know exactly what you want, don't expect any smiles or willingness to life a finger. So snobby, so hard to deal with, avoid Yorkdale pandora. Stay away!