Really not too much of a great comparison to White Castle (even the frozen ones).  I give it 2 1\/2 stars, although I went opening week so maybe quality assurance is better now.\n\nWas excited to hear we had some White Castle 'competition' coming to town with Quickee Burgers.  As a note, there is no actual Quickee Burgers restaurant - to find it you will have to jaunt into the AM\/PM on the corner of Craig and Rancho (home of the same strip mall where you can get great Thai food (albeit in a bar)).  Quickee Burgers is located inside in a small area.  Really only takeout, no real seating anywhere unless they add a few stools eventually.  So order, take home, or eat standing up.\n\nFound the Groupon that would feed two folks for $10, but we managed to stretch it for four.  Comes with 10 Quickee Burgers with cheese, 2 orders of fries, and 2 milkshakes (we opted for Black & White - combo of vanilla and chocolate).  We also picked up a free slice of Red Velvet birthday cake when checking in with Yelp (not sure if that's still available).  Order was in quick, but prep was really slow.  Granted it was grand opening and folks were still trying to learn how to communicate with each other.  After a 15 minute wait, our order was ready to go.\n\nHonestly really disappointed with the quality of Quickee Burgers burgers.  They are a tad larger than the ones from White Castle, but damn were they pretty flavorless.  Buns were good but on the cold side, would have helped with a warming on the grill.  Burgers?  Dry as a bone, and lacked so much flavor.  Would have been a benefit if they cooked it like White Castle does, poke holes in the burgers so the steam from the grilled onions below moisten and flavor the patty.  Easily, our patties were all overcooked and lifeless.  I'm really not sure if they even used salt & pepper on them!  Condiments were the norm - cheese was some sort of cheddar (although it was bordering on Kraft singles), some onion bits, pickle, mustard & ketchup.  But still overall the burger was dry.  I ended up adding some mayo to mine to get them back up to par.\n\nFries were OK though.  Thin, salty, but not quite cooked enough.  All got limp before we got home.  Maybe a bit more time in the oil would have made them much better.  But the taste was good.  Shakes were pretty mediocre.  Shakes were too light from having too much air in the mixing machine.  Not close to a thick shake at all, but like cheap soft serve.  Plus it was cloyingly sweet!  Really had an artificial taste to them, probably from their shake mix.  Wasn't my favorite.  Although it looked super cheesy, the Red Velvet birthday cake was actually pretty good.  It's just a plain sheet cake covered in birthday frosting, but the cake itself was moist.  \n\nWas a good effort Quickee Burgers.  But I think I will stick to waiting until White Castle actually comes to Las Vegas (soon baby, soon).  Or I will just opt to buying the frozen ones from my local warehouse store and reheat them in a pan.  Unless the quality of your burger improves by a few bounds, I'm not sure I'll be back anytime soon.  Taste, I need taste!\n\nTHE QUICK & THE DEAD.