I've stayed at Vdara before, but this is the first time I've actually booked a room there myself.\n\nThis hotel is actually pretty good compared to most Vegas hotels. I normally stay at slightly-lower tier hotels like Paris or Flamingo, but for some reason during the weekend of Feb 16-18, rates here were cheaper than those hotels.\n\nEveryone here was friendly- from the valet and bell carrier outside, the woman (Amanda) at the front desk, the baggage carrier inside, to the room service- I had no problems or second-thoughts tipping them.\n\nThe room itself was very nice. As their lowest tiered room (the Deluxe Suite), it is very nicely done with a kitchenette, queen-size sofa bed in addition to the king-size bed, and a nicely done bathroom, I was very pleased with everything about this room except one thing.\n\nThe only problem I had with the room was the connectivity panel for the TV. My friends and I were trying to play music from our iPods through the speaker system on the TV via USB, but for some reason, the TV wasn't reading the iPod, even after having gone through the instruction on the TV on how to access the connectivity panel. We were also disappointed with the music system in the room. There was an alarm clock with and AUX attachment, but the sound quality was poor. I expected something better when other hotels offer sound systems with built-in iPod docks that sound better.\n\nI normally don't even bother with hotel amenities other than the pool, but this time I used the fitness center. Free for resort guests, their gym is actually pretty nice. The weightlifting area is pretty small with only two benches, but there were hardly any people there in the first place, except for this one guy. He gave me a weird feeling, and he would randomly sing parts of whatever song he was listening to on his headphones. I can't be too sure, but I think he was also giving me a look. Having had the weird feeling, I avoided eye contact altogether. All I could do was look at my friend who instantly knew what I was thinking.\n\nOverall, this hotel is great. The sound system was just something minor, but I had no problem with everything else.