Decided to give this place a try as we were in the mood for some good burgers!\n\nLocation & Aesthetics -- Located just off E. Camelback Road just opposite The Container Store that's off N. 20th St.  It could be a little difficult to miss from the main streets but with a handy GPS you should be fine.  Once in the parking lot, and there's plenty of available parking, you can't miss the restaurant with it's large signage.\nThere's available seating on the outside and inside, but this time of the year, most folks were seated inside.  I can't remember if I saw misters for the patrons dining outside.  \nRestaurant is clean (outside and inside) and well lit indoors.  Noise level was acceptable with music playing at a comfortable decibel level.\nThere is a central bar area with bar stools and, of course on the periphery of the restaurant, seating all around.  Seating was booth-like and very comfortable with spacious tables.\n\nService -- Staff are very friendly.  The concept of being seated and ordering is quite unfamiliar to me so I was a bit lost on the customs of the restaurant.  Thankfully staff instructed me what I had to do.  \nWhen you enter, you immediately join the queue to order your food.  Once you're at the front of the queue, staff will either call you up to take your order providing there's an available table.  You give them your order and they'll show you your table.\nIf there aren't any available tables, then they will let you know and basically, everyone who's waiting for a table (versus folks there for takeaway), has to stand and wait in line (no orders are taken) until a table opens up then the line moves again.  Very interesting concept which I've never experienced before and do like.\n\nMenu -- Lots of available menus at the door when you enter.  The menu was one sheet, both sides, and very easy to understand with lots of descriptions.  We had questions on portion sizes on some items on the menu and staff was exception at helping us decide.\n\nFood -- I had the classic burger with the bacon and cheese (Angus Beef, green leaf lettuce, white onion, tomato, and something called Sassy Sauce).  Sides are extra so we shared a large Kennebec fries, with a sea-salt caramel shake.\nWorking backwards, the shake was rich, creamy and semi-thick (not too thick that you'll need a vacuum to suck it through the straw) though they will provide you with a plastic spoon in addition to the straw.\nThe Kennebec fries (in case you don't know is from the medium-to-late-maturing white potato) was fresh, hot, and slightly salted which made it perfectly delicious!\nThe burger itself was fresh, non-greasy, non-drippy, well seasoned, juicy, tasty, and very flavorful!\nWith the wide variety of burgers they have on the menu, I will most likely be back to try some of the other options on the menu and do definitely recommend!  I've also heard they serve a mean watermelon mojito so that will be accompanying my next burger order on my return!