Day of Week: Tuesday  Time: 6pm \n\nAs a resident of Ohio City, I will agree that delivery options in our area are few. I had purchased from Guys while traipsing about downtown and knew that their slices were passable at least, so with my vehicle disabled and choices limited, I gave them a call for delivery. \n\nMy son got the Hawaiian pizza, which has ham, bacon, and pineapple \"dusted with brown sugar\" - he really liked it, and after having a bite for the purposes of this Yelp review, I would concur to it's appeal. For my personal tastes, it was a bit over-laden with toppings; Personally, I'd get it with either ham or bacon, but not both.  But if you're going to have a lot of toppings, they'd better taste great when blended together. This pizza definitely earns that description. \n\nI ordered a medium \"Guyzone\" (calzone) with pepperoni, fresh mushrooms and x-tra cheese. It was BIG. The web page says serves 2 or 3 people and yeah, 3 could definitely split the large rectangular slices. For my personal tastes, there was a disproportionate amount of pepperoni and not nearly enough mushrooms to the point that I had to open a slice wide to see *if* there were actually mushrooms at all. Next time I will order \"light pepperoni and double mushrooms\" to correct that issue. So far as extra cheese, I'd say for me there was ... enough cheese, though I don't know that it felt like a mega-amount. \n\nThe thing to keep in mind fellow Yelpers, is that when you're doing a review there are Standards... and then there are Your Standards. Personally, I adore mushrooms. I could have an entire grocery store pack on a pizza and be happy. Maybe you, not so much who knows. Maybe your as passionate about pickles or shrimp or tofu. \n\nAbout Guy's Pizza I can say that the order-taker was friendly and repeated the order before hanging up, delivery was fast - they had quoted 45 min to an hour, and it was only about 30 minutes-ish, and lastly, the product was hot, in one piece, and correct as ordered. So what does that all mean? I'd order again from Guys, yes I would - and more than that, I would recommend them, especially to my fellow peeps in Ohio City as you\/we wait for something to be IN our neighborhood!