I am a long term patron of Mother's Dumplings (affectionately shortened to \"Mo' Dumps\"), having gratefully devoured their dumplings since their days in a Huron Street basement.  Mo' Dumps is the basis on which all my other dumpling experiences are compared.\n\nOver the last two years they have rode a surge of popularity amongst the university crowd and moved up to their current location at 421 Spadina.  Despite my long term patronage, I get merely a slightly wider smile and, perhaps out of shy recognition, the same table almost every time.  Mo' Dumps' recent fame has led to medium wait times to be seated, but it's rarely more than fifteen minutes.\n\nThe decor at the new location is a huge improvement over the dingy, crammed style of their previous spot.  The tables are generously spread apart offering conversational privacy and lots of room for the feast that will be imminently enjoyed.  The decorations are pleasant, if unmemorable - bouquets with notes wishing success were charmingly spread across their front counter, and they've kept the TVs showing idyllic flowery photos.  The space itself is long and narrow and lined with tables on the south side and the open, bustling kitchen on the north.\n\nService is somewhat lacklustre - they regularly forget parts of my order (arrives late), and are not quick to respond to requests.  Their business lunch service needs to be a little bit faster, as it can take anywhere from 30 minutes to over an hour to eat during lunch.  It currently seems hit-and-miss, but I'm sure it's just a hiccough in their expanded operations.\n\nOn my most recent visit, I went for the triumvirate of dumpling win: chicken and mushroom, lamb siu mai, and beef and chive.  Their boiled dumplings have always been their best, and as expected, the chicken mushroom was delicious: juicy, crammed with chicken, and wrapped in soft, starchy dough.  Their steamed dumplings tend to be a little dry, but the overpowering flavour of chive with the beef makes up for any shortcomings.  The lamb siu mai is their best dish: soft, delicious lamb perfectly seasoned and steamed.  While I opted not to order the pan fried pork dumplings, they are always a safe bet - hot, crunchy and oozing flavour.\n\nWith prices ranging $6.99 - $8.99 for a plate of 12 dumplings, it is reasonably priced for the quality of food you get.  However, at that price, I feel the service could be improved.  With a couple of slight adjustments, the restaurant would go from simply delicious, to all around amazing.