I came here on a Sunday afternoon for a family function.  I had no idea there was even a restaurant in this area being that it's in a small strip mall but it takes up most of the space, about half it seems.  The inside of this restaurant is really visually striking.  The red and black theme is throughout the interior from the signs, walls, and tables.  \n\nThe menu has a mixed of antipasto, salads, pasta, meats, fish, risotto and pizzas.  It's a decent mix of dishes and choices.  I ended up getting the quattro stagione and my wife had ordered the white potato pizza.  The quattro stagione literally translated means four seasons.  I'm used to seeing this pizza's ingredients on each of the 4 quarters pizzas like quadrants.  I didn't get it that way for some reason.  All the ingredients (mushrooms, prosciutto, olives and artichokes) were evenly spread across the pizza.  It was still decent but just not what I was expecting to see.\n\nMy wife ate about half of her potato pizza.  Typically if we go to a place that serves pizza she'll always go with a white pizza (no red sauce) if it's an option and she likes potato pizza in general where ever she can find it.  She only ate half of it as she usually does but she said it was too greasy.  I was too full to have any of her pizza since I ate all of mine at the restaurant.  The potato pizza came with onions and pancetta.  I'm used to pancetta being thicker and more fatty like bacon.  Honestly this pancetta looked like deli sliced cooked ham.\n\nWe took home the left overs and I ended up eating them that night.  I have to say the potato pizza was very greasy I have to agree with my wife.  The bottom crust was in fact saturated and it wasn't pretty.\n\nOverall the pizzas weren't out of this world and I can safely say that in the GTA we've had much better than this.  It seemed that the toppings weren't very generous or distributed properly.  I mean the quattro stagione is not even in quarters.  Don't get me wrong I've had Neapolitan style pizza before so I know what to sort of expect and mind you this place although not VPN certified like Libretto or Pizza e Pazzi doesn't have to be like many other places out there but I simply found this pizza to be not as good all around.  \n\nWhether it's the thickness of the crust or the ingredients simply put it's not as good as some of the other non-VPN Neapolitan type style pizza out there in the GTA (850 Degrees, Napoli Centrale).  It is IMO a notch lower than Grazie.\n\nI can't speak to the rest of the menu but as far as the pizza for me, this is not a go to place.  The service was attentive and friendly.