Dear Mr. Chili Manager,\n\nI am finding it hard to find the words to express the roller coaster of emotions I felt at my most recent trip to your Grill & Bar.  My husband and I noticed that you have brought back your 2 for $20 deal once and for all and decided to take you up on your offer.  Upon being seated we were greeted by a young lady who I believe her name was Ruth.  We advised her that we will be partaking in the 2 for $20 special and ordered the Cheeseburger and Chicken Crispers (which by the way why are there two versions?? It is very confusing and unnecessary).  For our appetizer we indicated we would love to feast on the Texas Cheese Fries with no jalapenos.  A few minutes later, as i sipped on my delicious strawberry lemonade, Ruth delivered our cheese fries.  As she placed them on the table she immediately took them back as she realized we had asked for no jalapenos and sure enough the little green monsters were sprinkled throughout our batch of fries.  No big deal mistakes happen.  Less than 2 minutes later she returns with our new order... or so I thought.  \nHere is where the plot thickens.   As my husband began to dive in to our appetizer I couldn't help but notice the placement of the fries seemed to look exactly has they had when they had jalapenos on top.  I hesitantly take a fry and notice they seem a tad spicier than they should.  My wheels are turning.. is my mind playing tricks on me?  I express my concern to my husband and ask if we have just been bamboozled and reserved the same batch of fries?  I feel my angry eyes being activated...  If I just wanted to pick off the jalapenos I would have done it myself.  I begin to think.. oh no who picked them off was it our server?  Were her hands clean?  My husband is chuckling at my freak out he said he would ask and take care of it.  Sure enough after asking our server she confirmed that was in fact the case.  My husband in trying to stress the wrongness of doing that saying he was allergic and that we wouldn't want to see his face swell and turn red.  She apologized and said that when most people ask for no jalapenos its just because they don't like them.  Okay first of all, if I ask for no jalapenos I shouldn't have to indicate if it is a preference or a medical condition.  Secondly, news flash if you pick them off there is still seeds and juices that can still reek havoc on the fries and cheese.  And lastly, I don't care whatever the reason, if the order is wrong I think the proper procedure would be to do a re-fire.  Isn't here health codes for a reason?\nI believe that Miss Ruth realized the error in her ways.  Especially because now our entrees arrived pretty much at the same time as our appetizer because of this situation.  I gave you two stars because I do give Ruth a A for effort as she must have apologized 5 or 6 times during our meal and even offered a free dessert for our troubles.  \nMr. Chili Manager.. please tell me this is an isolated incident and not how you train your staff to fix orders.  Unfortunately, I will forever remember your location as the \"Jalapeno Picker Outer\" spot.