It was a warm and dry 9pm Tuesday. My cohort and myself needed sustenance. He was expecting fast food fare, I was desiring carnitas. I told him, head forth towards home, we're going to Lindo. To his surprise regardless of the fact he has lived down the street from here since, oh say, the late 90s my poor friend has failed to enjoy in the delicacies of Lindo's fine Mexican fare. We're greeted promptly as we enter, the staff's garb clean cheerful, somewhat traditional with clearly written name tags of Victor, Carla, Jose, and so much more. The smell of the spot is enticing, the decor borderline cheesy yet, for some reason it is not cheesy at all. Not unauthentic like Macayos, it is actually just right. The manager you can see pacing around making sure everything is running fine. The servers touching base on tables making sure the customers including the viciously drunk lady across from our table swimming in her margarita while her date just nods hoping she doesn't order an item from each section of the menu. Let me put it this way., the atmosphere is great. Casual yet not too informal. I can take a date here and she would be happy. The place works period. \n\nFood, oh the food. The delicious tasty food. Forget what my buddy chap had, it's not his review. I can say this, the man was shocked he had not enjoyed Lindo before. His food, his beer, his shot of 1942, his astonishment of the quality that went into everything. Hell we even had some tomatillo soup and this man did not bitch one bit. He's a beer snob, a steak snoot, a foodie of self hallucinating proportions when he's hopped up on port. \n\nI had the Carnitas in Coca-Cola sauce. Delicious, if only Chinese food could do sauces like this without the MSG. Seriously, tender succulent piece of pork in this delightful sauce gave me the sweet and the meaty in one plate. Fresh guac on the side, beans that were beany, rice that was ricy. I had no complaints save for the fact I couldn't finish it. Granted we had two bowls of chips and two refills of salsa, but I digress. \n\nFood is on point, service is on point, the scene was set, and my stomach was satisfied. Would I recommend this to my friends family and even strangers? You bet your ass I will. \n\nHell I even skipped some details so my fingers don't go numb.