I finally had the chance to join four others and have dinner at Carnevino.  We have heard so much about this restaurant from Michael U.  He set up the dinner with the staff at Carnevino.\n\nWe started with some cheese puffs and then we were each given a nice roll.  With the roll came to spreads, lardo and butter.  The lardo was superb!  Fatty, salty, and just the right accompaniment to a tasty roll.\n\nSeven appetizers were next up served family style.  The items were grilled octopus with pickled vegetables and limoncello; carne cruda--their made to order chopped steak tartare; pastrami slices with two fried eggs and some greens; stracciatella; two wood platters of cured meats--one with mortadella, salumi, coppa, lomo, and nduja and one with prosciutto; and a dish of peppers, some stuffed with cheese.  With the appetizers, we got some sliced, toasted bread and some more lardo.  There were also more rolls brought to each person.\n\nNext up we had two pastas--beef cheek ravioli topped with sliced white truffles and gnocchi with fresh cut figs.  \n\nNext was the reason we were there--meat, in particular, their Riserva, a dry aged meat done in a way no other restaurant is.  Our two inch slice of Riserva was aged 254 days.  We also got a veal chop and a ribeye that was 100 day aged.  After showing all three meats on the table, they were cut table side and then placed back on the table.  With these meats, we had five vegetable dishes--mashed potatoes with an egg that was mixed into the potatoes at the table to make them creamier and tastier; Brussels sprouts, eggplant parmigiana, sautéed spinach, and thick cut garlic fries.\n\nThe meal ended with four desserts.  We had some cheesecake, panna cotta, a chocolate, peanut butter torte, and semifreddo.\n\nThe star of the evening was the Riserva.  The flavor is hard to describe.  There's a small bleu cheese flavor but the flavor comes from the oils from the fat that are in the meat.  We were warned to eat some of the ribeye first and then move on to the Riserva.  The difference was remarkable.  The appetizers and sides were good.  The vegetables should have been hotter.  Perhaps they were waiting too long while the meat was cut.\n\nService was outstanding.  Our waiter, Shepard, was on top of everything and he had a great personality that made dinner a little more special.\n\nAll in all, a special evening with some friends enjoying some good meat.  A return visit sometime is a must.