I am so disgusted and appalled by the experience I've received here that I keep reminding myself to write a review about this horrific place every time I pass it on Queen St W. If I can give anyone a piece of advice- DO NOT take the free diamond skin care samples that they pass out to you and insist you take, ESPECIALLY if you are alone. (Shame on me, Costco has taught me to take any free sample given to me) \n\nAs soon as I made eye contact and intercepted the free sample, the guy hurried and rushed me into the store without giving me much time to react. He then sat me down and showered me with sugary sweet compliments that were sickening sweet to the point where it was just.. overkill. He then tried to sell me every single product in the store, but not without testing it on my hand first... my hand was sick and tired of all the product and scrubs that were tested on it within 10 minutes. But this guy... HE WOULD NOT QUIT. I told him I was in a hurry to an appointment (I'm not great with confrontation and can't just straight up tell him to f off) but he kept holding me down and pulling on me saying it would only take a minute. He asked SO many questions and bashed every brand I told him I use. EXCUSEEEEE ME. Why do you think I don't get acne? BECAUSE I KNOW HOW TO TAKE CARE OF MY SKIN, THANK YOU VERY MUCH. I hate salespeople who use the tactic to shame the customer's previous products and it certainly does NOT work on a gal like me. At this point, I am beyond annoyed and I start to get up. That's when, all of a sudden, all the prices he was offering to me before goes half price.... SO.. if I DID accept his previous advances, I would've ended up paying more?! What is this, a real live infomercial? I'm not about it. The prices half price were not a good deal either- I believe it was still around $40. For me, that was a bit too much at the moment, especially when I still had FULL jars and bottles of my own skincare brands at home. Honestly.. I don't even remember what brand they were trying to promote so badly and I remember never hearing of it before either- which is weird, because I am usually caught up on the top skincare and beauty brands. I thought about purchasing the product just to get the guy off my back, but the fire within me told me to fight. Anyway, as I get up to reject the guy for the millionth time, he crosses his arms and his personality takes a 180 by glaring at me and saying \"Fine. Whatever.\" WOW. \n\nI'm not all too sure what kind of business this is or what kind of sugar daddy provides the pushiest sales people in the world but it all seems very fishy. They are all foreign, have a heavy accent and they're EVERYWHERE- not just downtown, but spotted in the kiosks of random malls around GTA as well. Oh well... to hell with your oh so special diamond encrusted skincare system. I shudder just walking by this place.