Please be careful about visiting this clinic. I can't attest to how effective Dr. Bashy's treatment is since we decided against using his service after one consultation, but I want to share my experience so you can avoid the same headache and financial loss we suffered.\n\nHere's our story: My girlfriend and I went in for a consultation in order to meet the doctor. We already knew her symptoms but wanted a face-to-face to see if she would be comfortable with him. During the session there were the usual \"how long have you had these symptoms?\", \"does it hurt\", etc. type of standard questions. After seeing the troubled area, he asked us if he could use this scanning device to take a look. Just like how anybody would react when a doctor asks if he could touch your injured area or use a stethoscope to listen to your heart, we answered yes. \n\nLittle did we know that that simple yes was going to cost us $500+. At no time during the consultation did he tell us that he was performing a treatment of diagnostic with that device, which we later found out to be a ultrasound scanner. The front desk didn't mention anything either and just told us that the doctor used a ultrasound and they would bill the insurance company. We didn't think much of it and left. We decided against using Dr. Bashy at the time because we didn't like his demeanor and approach - we felt more like $ signs than human beings when he talked to us. The front desk didn't tell us anything either except that they would bill the insurance company. \n\nA year later we got an invoice for $514.52...\n\nYou can call us naive or stupid because we should've checked our insurance deductible or asked about the cost before agreeing to the ultrasound. I wish we were more aware and protective too, because I really overestimated the professional ethics required to be a doctor. Healthcare is the only business that is not required to inform and obtain consent from customer about the tasks being performed and the price that will be paid, and Dr. Bashy definitely exploits that loophole in our already broken healthcare system. In fact, I truly believe that if there were medical billing codes for things such as chairs, Kleenex, and handshakes then he would definitely have charged for them too. Just be careful if you decide to visit this clinic. If they offer you anything, ask how much they are going to charge first!\n\nYou can pay for school but you can't teach class.