You know how Outback Steakhouse has boomerangs, didgeridoos and Foster's posters on the wall and NOTHING the least bit Australian on the menu? I've got news for you folks, if you ever go to Australia and ask for a Bloomin' Onion they'll look at you like you're crazy.\n\nThe Australian is the exact opposite. There's nothing anywhere in the place that would make me think they had anything to do with Australia. And the place is DEFINITELY a sports bar because there are TVs everywhere. So if you're looking for a place to catch a game I don't think you'll go wrong here.\n\nI hear that they're trying to get Boag's in here which would be awesome....even better if they can get something from Cascade. On my first visit I settled for a Boomer Lager....$4 for a big one....can't beat that. \n\nTheir menu has a picture of Wagga Wagga on the front. My former boss was from Wagga and having been to Australia several times, I started to feel a bit nostalgic. In addition to your typical pub fare, the menu has some actual Aussie pub grub: meat pies, sausage rolls and 'roo sliders. I had a sampler which consisted of two sausage rolls and a meat pie. I enjoyed it thoroughly. Served with duck fat french fries it was too much food really. They also have lamingtons on the menu and Tim Tams for your sweet tooth. \n\nIf nothing else, I consider their menu a welcome departure from most other sports bars whose menus have little to distinguish themselves from one another. \n\nThe patrons are all a fun, lively crowd so I enjoyed my first visit here. I agree with some of the reviews that the service is pretty lacking. The very nice man who appeared to be the bar manager did his best to fill in the gaps so hats off to him. But the rest of the staff seems to need more training.\n\nIt seems like a lot of people are still smarting and lamenting the demise of RTO's. This new venue is definitely very much a work in progress and they have a long way to go. They need to do something about the decor and really add some down under atmosphere and they need to train up their staff to be more attentive.\n\nThat being said, I hope that The Australian picks up and becomes something. It deserves a chance just for offering something different. The place has a lot of potential and I think smoothing over a lot of rough edges just might do the trick.\n\nI look forward to coming back in the future to a packed house to watch some Aussie Rules football or Rugby while downing something from Cascade (PLEASE????)