We all probably came here for the light bulb-shaped bottles, but Mr. Tea actually has delicious milk tea! Boba shops have been popping up left and right in Las Vegas, but surprisingly I found Mr. Tea to have the most potential. \n\nFirst, they advocate #fightpowder by making fresh mango, taro, and strawberry syrups daily, which not many places do. Second, they are appealing to the public with their unique light bulb-shaped bottles and their obsession with matcha lattes. 2016 was definitely the year of super foods and all things matcha. Mr. Tea is smart to feature matcha lattes but with a twist --including strawberry (homemade syrup) matcha latte, banana matcha latte, coffee matcha latte, and etc.\n\nDRINKS: I purchased the jasmine green milk tea with boba and matcha latte with grass jelly; $6.69 each in the light bulb-shaped bottles. The jasmine milk tea was better than your average because I was able to taste the premium green tea leaves. The sugar level was perfect, not too sweet but not too bitter either. I actually prefer my drink to have a stronger tea flavor, so if you're like me then ask them to put less milk. Also get light ice because they went hard with filling it up with ice; I'm usually a slow drinker, so you would expect my ice to melt, but actually a good amount of ice was left over. The matcha latte was my favorite because of how strong the matcha flavor was, or maybe they just put a big scoop (not sure to be honest). Regardless, it tastes like your average matcha latte but with a more bitter taste, which I dig. My only compliant is how hard their boba is. I was very disappointed because their drinks are delicious but I had to really work my jaw to chew the boba. \n\nSERVICE: Everyone was very friendly and attentive. I'm guessing they are still training since not all the staff were knowledgable with making the drinks yet. One female had to repeat the drink instructions like 3 times before my drink came out. It came out yummy so I'm not mad LOL. \n\nATMOSPHERE: A very earthy and calm environment. They decorated the shop with everything green --green walls, green fake plants-- and wooden chairs & tables. I love this because it's so inviting and chill. \n\nOVERALL: I'll definitely be back to try their split-cup drinks, the fairy grass dessert (it has sweet potato, red beans, green beans, taro, and grass jelly I think), and the strawberry matcha latte.