I took my parents and husband here for dinner as an early Father's Day celebration. From start to finish, it was an impeccable experience.\n\nWe had a 5:30pm reservation and was seated promptly by the lovely hostesses. Lucky for us, we were seated up front by the kitchen. \n\nOnce we were settled into our chairs, our server greeted us with the concept of Hell's Kitchen. Kerry was warm and very knowledgeable. We ordered drinks and Cris was quick to pour water.\n\nAs for cocktails, the Notes From Gordon and Smoke on the Boulevard, are the way to go. My husband loved the refreshing aspect of the NFG. He usually dislikes green tea, yet loved it. The Smoke is my go to. Similar to a Boulevardiere, it is smoked using cherry wood. \n\nWe placed in our appetizers and everything was superb. I loved how every dish was dropped with an explanation. We got the wagyu meatballs, lobster risotto, smoked golden beets salad, tuna tartare, and seared foie gras. My mom and dad loved the risotto and tuna tartare. My husband gravitated to the meatballs and beet salad. We all agreed the foie was decadent and perfect. All great choices.\n\nFor our main courses: my parents both got the signature Beef Wellington. My husband, the NY Strip. I ordered the Rack of Lamb. For side dishes: we ordered mac and cheese, potato gratin, sugar snap peas, and roasted cauliflower. There was not a dish we did not enjoy. We ended up packing some of our dishes to go.\n\nThe management team approached tables to make sure we enjoyed ourselves. These were some of the nice touches.\n\nOpulence is the word to describe our dessert service. We received the Peanut Butter Fudge Cheesecake, Pineapple Carpaccio, Chocolate Mouse Cake, and the signature Sticky Toffee Pudding. Each member of the party gravitated towards one specific dessert. Ending with the Kracher dessert wine and a Meet Your Maker was perfection. \n\nEven though the restaurant was busy. Everyone was so personable. It was a wonderful experience and I could not be happier. My family loved their time at Hell's Kitchen.