I am an Outback lover.  I hit up an Outback at least once a month, usually for lunch.  Those darn Bloomin' Onions have me addicted!  Even with my love of Outback, it can't save this particular location for me.  This location just stinks!  \n\nI went here with a girlfriend to celebrate her birthday.  This location is near her work and where she picked to go.  We went in for lunch during the week.  We walked in and it was almost empty, even though it was 12pm.  The host stand was staffed with a guy that resembled a robot.  He was just on auto-pilot and was there to do his job and nothing more.  He wasn't rude, but he wasn't friendly either. He was just there to collect a paycheck and nothing more.  A smile or a hello would have been nice, that's all I'm saying.\n\nWe were then seated at a table and waited several minutes before our server acknowledged us, even though there were only 2 other tables in the whole section.  Our server was friendly but ditzy.  He did bring out drinks out shortly after and then took our order.  We didn't see him again until we were half way though the meal. He did bring us out refills at this point, which was nice since we had been out of drinks for almost the whole meal by then.  Again he was super friendly, just an awful server.\n\nNow for the food.  We order the new Barrier Reef Trio with the coconut shrimp, crab avocado stack, and ahi tuna and a steak.  The seafood trio is definitely an appetizer, unless you have a small appetite.  Luckily we had also ordered soup and salad as well, otherwise my friend would have starved.  The seafood was pretty good though except the coconut shrimp were about 5 seconds away from being burnt.  \n\nThe steak I ordered medium rare came out medium well.  Ugh, who even eats medium well steak?  Anyway, the steak was overcooked but my friend had to get back to work and we didn't have the time to send it back.  Since I was just going to eat it, I asked the other server (since I couldn't find ours) and the food runner if they could grab some blue cheese dressing (sounds weird but it goes so well with steak!).  They kept telling me ok, but no blue cheese ever came out.  I gave up and just ate the steak because of the lack of time.  I had also ordered the garlic mashed potatoes.  Even these were wrong.  They were so full of lumpy, half cooked potatoes.  I love potatoes, but not undercooked ones.\n\nI am really not a complainer, but this whole experience was just bad.  I still love Outback, but I won't come back to this location, unless I absolutely have too.  So you can see the food was ugh, the service was blah, and the overall experience was just mediocre at best.  You have been warned about this location!