Chino Bandido... what to say... what to say. Before my visit to Phoenix, I was told by three different people of YelpLou that this place was a must visit. When Matt R and Michael R tell you to visit somewhere, it's always serious business. When Christopher S makes a recommendation for a city where he lived for a short time, you know it's the legit business. When serious and legit come together... well, it's nothing. Actually, it's serious legit business. \n\nThe operation that is Chino Bandido is solid. The owners started this business nearly 30 years ago because they wanted a place where they could order Mexican\/Asian combos! The place has grown. Chino has been featured on the Food Network and on numerous best of lists. \n\nBefore I get to all the good stuff and there are a lot of good things about this food spot, I'll tell you the one thing that I didn't like. The black beans are more of a paste rather than a bean. If the beans were beans and not paste, that would shoot this place straight to tree-fiddy(350) stars.\n\nWith all of the recommendations, I didn't do much research until we were in the car and on our way. I looked at the menu and was immediately overwhelmed! Lots of choices! At this point, I sent Matt and Michael a text asking them for recommendations. Michael immediately started rattling off burritos but that was because she had Bandido(The Louisville Bandido on her brain). Matt said to order a combo but to get one of the items as a burrito or quesadilla. Ok, but I still have to decide on what I want. Palms were sweaty... anxiety everywhere... heart racing... I HAD TO ORDER THE RIGHT THING! It was about that time Michael's text came through... \"Oh, lol. Totes forgot. Get a snickerdoodle!\" When Michael exclaims, you listen. \n\nOn to the food. They have an entire wall of pictures to choose from. You order a one or two combo meal. The price difference between the one\/two combos is so minimal that you have to order the two combo meal.\n\nMy order:\n-- Jerk Chicken (opted for quesadilla) -- This was the perfect thing to order in quesadilla form. Every bite was delicious. Spicy. Moist. Memorable. \n-- Fried Chile Relleno - Ever since I started ordering Chile Relleno a few years ago, I get it when I see it. This one was a little different because it was fried. It was piping hot and tough to cut(since it was fried). Next time I'm there, I'll certainly order it again.\n-- Black Beans - These coming out as paste was just so disappointing.\n-- White Rice - They have four different types of rice to choose from(Jerk Fried, Chicken Fried, Plain Fried, Pork Fried). I suppose it was plain fried that I got because I asked for white rice. White rice wins all.\n-- The coveted Snickerdoodle cookie. I'm officially calling it the Michaeldoodle. Best snickerdoodle cookie I've ever had!\n\nI loved it so much that as soon as I finished eating I got up and said to myself, \"I'm buying a shirt!\" With that, I'm the proud owner of a Chino Bandido shirt! This is a must visit while in Phoenix. If you're just passing through, take the detour to visit. \n\nMy girlfriend and her sister also ordered some food but I don't think they liked it as much. They obviously ordered the wrong menu items. I say wrong loosely because it's not that any of the items are bad. I say wrong because there's a high probability that some of the menu items shouldn't be paired together. \n\nSide notes: \n-- Employees are perfect. \n-- When you arrive, they have someone explaining the menu and taking your order. \n-- Take a moment to read their story and the articles on the wall. \n-- It was reasonably busy. Steady stream with plenty of seating. \n-- They have shirts in many different colors for purchase. \n-- I don't order dessert that often when I visit restaurants but the Michaeldoodle(Snickerdoodle) is a must order.\n-- The price is right. The two item combo meals come in at just under 10 bucks. \n-- You order. Your meal comes out fast. You eat. You leave. \n-- Stop reading this! Go here!