Why don't you see a lot of great reviews for Fortress? Because most of their customers won't tell you what I'm about to.\n\nWriting a review about a restaurant is one thing. Revealing personal details about one's bad credit isn't the sort of thing most want to disclose. People would prefer to quietly get their credit fixed and move on without drawing any attention to themselves. Same here. But here's what you need to know.\n\nI first heard about Fortress on a radio show coming home from work in 2011. I didn't know credit could be fixed and wasn't sure if it was true. I used to have great credit before the real estate market tanked in 2008. I was that guy who owned several homes including rental property before the crash. When things got tough credit cards, car payments and the multiple mortgages stopped getting paid. You probably know how this story goes. It might be similar to your story.\n\nI cautiously hired Fortress in October of 2012 hoping for the best but not expecting much. What sold me was the paid on performance agreement. They'll bill me only for the items they could fix. If they couldn't delete it I wouldn't pay. Sounded fair enough. There were no monthly fees and no contract to get locked into. \n\nHere's what I had on my credit report:\nThree foreclosures, four tax liens, four charge-off accounts (2 from Chase, Macy's, & Amex), late payments on every account including all the foreclosures, late payments on my car and eight collection accounts with late payments on those too. My middle score was a dismal 584.\n\nWithin 35 days six of the eight collections and a few late payments from other accounts were gone. That was impressive. I was sent a bill for the items they deleted and decided to pay it off in small installments. The second month my $7,800 Amex charge-off and an $8,200 Midland Funding collection was deleted. The third month two of my four tax liens were deleted along with the last two collections. I was pretty surprised 100% of my collections were removed and they never reappeared. \n\nBy the time month six arrived over 60% of my negative credit was deleted like it never happened including all of my collections and all of four of my tax liens. My score went from 584 to 702. Fast forward to today my middle score is 804. I've even included a picture. \n\nSo why the handful of bad reviews?\n\nHere's the reason for the bad reviews and why I wrote this. I was so impressed with Fortress and the team that fixed my credit I spent a few months trying to get them to hire me. They eventually did and I've been here nearly four years. I've personally enrolled over 1,500 people in this program. I've seen amazing results and I've seen some pretty disturbing things too.\n\nFirst, let me appeal to your reason and common sense. 10,000+ happy clients over eleven years vs. 5-6 complaints. That's about one complaint for every 2,000 happy clients. How many companies can say that? \n\nBut even one complaint is too many if it's a legitimate complaint, however here's the disturbing truth about the 5-6 people who call Fortress a scam or they got a bad result.\n\nEvery one of them was sent to collections for the same reason their creditors sent them to collections. They didn't pay us either. \n\n99% of our clients are good and honest people who got caught in a bad situation such as a divorce, job loss, large medical bills, foreclosure, lawsuit, etc. I've watched thousands of clients get a spectacular result. Usually, 50% to 70% of their bad credit was deleted with a 50 to 150 point score increase. They're excited about the result but aren't interested in writing reviews for everyone to see.\n\nThen there are those who wait until we've deleted most of their negative credit as we do for the majority of our clients and refuse to pay the bill we send them. It's a reality in the credit repair industry and a risk we take as a paid on performance company. We do all the work up front in good faith our clients will honor their agreement with us. In those rare cases when they don't, we reluctantly send them to collections after trying to work with them.\n\nEvery disparaging comment on this page was posted days after getting notification we sent them to a collection company. The credit we fixed which they refused to pay for has now been damaged again. When that happens people get angry and a small unscrupulous minority will come to places like Yelp and tell tales of things that never happened and throw the word \"scam\" around in an effort to lash out.\n\nI encourage you to consider this information. The bitter part is the few people here that are complaining are people I personally enrolled. I watched them get a great repair then vanish once we sent them an invoice. Thanks for reading...David