I was in the break room at work flipping through the Las Vegas Weekly when I stumble upon an article about China Mama.  Not even half way through the article my mouth was overfilled w\/ drool just thinking about those juicy steamed dumplings.  Then I got emo because I was reminiscing the times with my ex since she introduce this dish to me.\n\nAny who, the next day I went to check out China Mama for some xiao long bao, shanghai soup dumplings.  My scallions pancakes, and this chili rice cake dish (darn! wrong one) i order came out first.  The pancakes brought back a lot of good memories because my ex use to make this for me for brekky.  It was good but the chili rice dish i order was a different story.  It was really bland with lots of chili oil, unwanted peppers and the likes.  I guess the other rice cake dish is what I had before.\n\nThen my 2 orders of dumpling came. yayYy.. I asked for a bowl and some chili paste because none of the table were preset with it.  Mixed the chili paste, vinegar (black), and a little bit of soy sauce in the bowl for my dipping sauce. Just enough to submerge a piece of heaven.\n\nInside these dumplings are juice (soup), so be careful not to break them when picking them up.  Use a soup spoon to assist the eating process because they're hot!  Most people take a small bite at the bottom to let the juice out and drink it.  Then finish the rest of the dumplings in 2-3 bites.  \n\nI, however; use my chopstick and puncture the dumpling from the top to 1) let out some of the heat, and 2) make and an entry for the sauce as I drown it into my dipping bowl.  This usually cools it down enough for me to take it whole because well... that's how i roll.\n\nI must warned you this method could be awfully painful if not done right, but prepare yourself for some totally serious awesomeness!!\n\nMy first bite and I'd instantly amend to all those lies my ex told me.  It was just as good as i tried it the first time with her.  She lives in cali btw, and only there was I able to find them.  Sure we have the frozen kind at our local asian market, but it's not the same.  To me it's not anyways.\n\nThe next day i came back for dinner with a friend. Order 3 xiao long bao, scallions pancake, and this time shanghai style rice cake.  \n\nAgain the rice cakes and pancakes came out first.  The rice cakes were exactly the one i've been searching for too, but it wasn't as good as the other one i had before. No big deal, add more chili paste and we're good to go. I think it was missing more soy or whatever they put in it..  Think \"chow fun noodles\" with rice cakes instead of noodles. \n\nNext time I'll only come for the dumplings because I have been stuff before they even arrived. Also, i know it's not healthy, but i don't let food go to waste.\n\nI'm such a fatty ;(\n\nOverall the joint was fairly clean.  Service is good, better the 2nd time because we were the only one there. With so many items I have yet to try, I'll def come back with a Chinese friend to be more adventurous if not for those sweet  lil' dumplings.