Okay, since first going in December of 2012, I have been back more times than I can count. I go at least 1-2 times a month and take out-of-towners there constantly. I've tried almost every tapa dish and quite a few of the entrees. I can honestly say there hasn't been a dish on the menu I've tried and said \"No, I wouldn't order that again.\" The last time we went (aka 3 days ago), I ordered the sugar cane pork for the first time. Umm, why hadn't I done that before? I could probably eat that all day. I'm also a huge fan of their baby bok choy, like HUGE fan. It's so garlicky and wonderful. Also, give me all the bacon wrapped okra please. All-of-it. I love to end the meal with their wontons, cheesy, fruity, yumminess. \n\nI will say that if you are someone who is very sensitive to spice, you may not like a lot of the dishes. Everything is so effing good, but there is a kick to many dishes. Ask your server for suggestions if you have a delicate palette, or you know, buck up and enjoy the ride. \n\nIn my first review, I said I was too hungover to try the drinks, now I specifically go to Sochu to get drinks! Their saketinis are so, so, very good. Well worth the $11 price tag. I usually for the cucumber-mint one (I think it's Kyyuri Minto or something like that), whatever it is, it's tasty as hell, strong as hell, and makes me happy. Lust is a great one, it's really sweet and I like it as a dessert cocktail. They also have a few spicy martinis (Spicy Mama\/Hot Mama?) that are indeed super spicy, so be wary! They are quite good, but I'll be damned if my mouth wasn't on fire. For a good time, read the drink descriptions out loud. Just maybe not around your parents. \n\nI also love that this place is open late. So rare for Phoenix. And the specials! Tuesdays are Tapas Tuesdays, 3 tapas for $20. Thursdays are Date Nights, 4 courses for $30 (1 salad, 1 tapa, 1 entree, dessert). I believe Mondays have a Martini special and Wednesday nights after 9 they have a comedy show in the bar\/lounge area. \n\nAlso, shout out to Johnny! When he is there, he goes around to all the tables and checks in. We go enough that he remembers us and really takes his time to chat. I wish him all the best with his new endeavor (new place on Northern and 12th av) and can't wait to check it out!