You get done with a long night of work at the brewery, serving up drinks to people who act like they've never been in a bar before. Answering questions like \"what do you have like Miller Lite?\" (the answer is, the water cooler is right over there). Cleaning up after people who leave half full beers on the table, who tip a shiny quarter on 4 beers, after having a taste of 3 of them, (do you want a serving, a taster, or just a taste; just a taste... oh, can I try that? try try, or have try? try try. I think i'll have one of those... something that they didn't try... gah!!! if you try try somethings, you need to buy buy one of those things!!!) The frustration level rises and rises with each customer who somehow has gone 55 years without ever having set foot into a bar, and tonight is the night that they are going to break the streak. You've gone about 7 years without going into a movie theater, how can someone go their entire life without having set foot into a bar. You finish your priorities of work, everyone is recently served, all the glasses are washed and either drying or put away, so you think... I can finally take a quick smoke break. FINALLY!!! You go outside, light up your second to last cigarette in the pack... and 5 cars pull in. DARNITALLTOHECK!!! So you put out the smoke. You are down to one. You go serve them, then it's another 2 hours before you can sneak outside again, after doing the priorities of work... You light up, and a friggin car pulls in!!! Now you have 2 hours left, and no more smokes, and you wasted the last 2 that you had. You finally get everyone out just after closing time. Clean up, take out the trash, do the money... Run and jump in your car, and drive the 3 blocks to THIS GAS STATION!!! You go inside, grab 2 diet mountain dews, look through the food, nothing in a bag screams at you, look at the sammiches, go with one of them, not sure which kind it is, but it's the one on the top left, has several different meats, and some cheese, the bread is not necessarily the freshest, but when you take a bite of the sammich and take a swig of the diet dew, it's actually a very pleasant bite. You go up to the counter; once again, you try your joke \"i'd like a Shakur of camel filters\" the lady looks at you with the same look she always gives... \"what's a shakur?\" Two packs, you reply. She still doesn't laugh. She asks you your birthday, you tell her \"same as yours\" because... you've had this all happen before. \nTHIS IS NOT A GAS STATION!!! THIS IS THE TWILIGHT ZONE!!!