We arrived on a Tuesday night, around 8 pm. It was surprisingly busy. We requested to sit on the patio and the hostess said it would be just a minute while they set our table up. I'm almost positive she forgot about us. We stood there for over ten minutes. Another hostess asked if we were waiting for someone, when we replied that we were waiting for the table, she looked around a little confused. \n\nWhen we were finally sat at the table that had been ready for almost ten minutes, we were handed menus. We looked them over and got excited about all the delicious options to eat and drink. Lots of craft beers on their menu (see photo). We asked for water while we looked over the menus. Another server came over and took our drink order. My boyfriend got the lavender vanilla and I ordered a Cabernet. We received our drinks, but still no water. My wine was fantastic and my boyfriends drink was perfect for sipping (I'm not really into whiskey, but it was good). \n\nWe ordered the quinoa poblano prepared vegan with no cheese, broccolini prepared vegan with sautéed garlic, kale slaw with Brussels prepared vegan, and the brown bag potato fries (not vegan) but for my boyfriend;). Our server came to the table with water (finally) and some bad news. The poblano couldn't be prepped vegan:( it's prepped with cheese, and so is the kale shaved Brussels:(. Back to the menu... I opted for the veggie chili that's created with a mushroom thickening base (vegan). Granted it was 100+ degrees outside I wasn't super excited but it worked. My boyfriend ordered the chorizo Mac and cheese, since we couldn't share the poblano. Our food eventually arrived, but my chili had some cream on top... Had to send it back and wait again. The broccolini was amazing. Perfectly seasoned and sautéed to a crisp crunch. We finished it in no time. We were being attacked by bugs by the time my food made it to the table. Bug lights would be ideal for their patio. The chili was awesome. It came with a kale waffle I couldn't eat but it was filling by itself. \n\nOverall... It was a good meal. A little disorganized and patience was definitely a virtue we were practicing that evening. Would I return? Yes, happy hours on the patio with my laptop, school books, and boyfriend are going to be ideal considering they have convenient USB and outlets located on every booth. It's pretty new... Practice your patience... It has a lot of potential.