Because Ruth advertised on tv that she is a former federal prosecutor I figured she would be a good attorney for my workplace issue. Made an appointment (not free like they advertise - cost $75.00). She said I had a very good case. I signed paperwork at 34% contingency. Right after I signed she advised me to take a settlement. She didn't want to do any work. Wouldn't even look at my time and dated documentation. It was an easy way for her to pick up quick, easy cash. Although, because she did nothing she said she would reduce her contingency to 20%. My employer offered $5000 for me to go away. I told her to counter-offer for $7,500. She advised against it, but I insisted. They countered with $6,250. That meant I would get the $5000 and she would get the $1,250. I asked how long before the settlement would come through. She said approximately 30 days. I called again long after the 30 days passed, leaving a voice message. She called back and left me a voice message saying that she used my settlement money to pay for her employees medical insurance coverage. Then, she tried to back-peddle saying \"never mind\" and would have my money the next week. I saved and still have the voice message of her admitting this to me. When I can figure out how to upload it I will. You will hear it in her own words and voice. They still did not get my money to me when she finally agreed to pay me MY money. I had to call and call and call. When I finally got them to issue my money, they took 25%. Not bad for about 30 minutes of her total invested time! Lesson learned, even your attorney will eff you over! Especially Ruth Cohen! Forget your employer! Don't trust anyone. Get EVERYTHING in writing, especially from your lying attorney. There were actually 2 of us suing the same employer and Ruth did the same thing to the other person who signed on with her. Advised her to settle too! Greedy and looking for a quick, easy buck at the expense of other folks suffering. If you are looking for a good, honest attorney who wants the best for you, don't go to Cohen and Padda.