The El New Yorican is no more. It is under new ownership and a new name, which I think is Puerto Rican Restaurant. We had a Groupon which I bought in May and was due to expire so we thought we'd give it a try. The bride was a little apprehensive because of the neighborhood, but when we walked in the door we were pleasantly surprised. It was clean, bright, modern and comfortable with a friendly staff that greeted us at the door. They came to take our drink order and we were a little surprised that they didn't have iced tea! Who doesn't have iced tea in AZ? So we settled on soft drinks, the standard Diet C for the bride but I decided to take a walk on the wild side and ordered a coconut soda. I was expecting it to be sickeningly sweet but it had a more subtle taste and was really quite refreshing.  We started with Platanos Maduros (sweet fried plantains) and before it even arrived they brought us another plate of Tostones Al Mojo (twice fried plantain with garlic butter) compliments of the house. Both were excellent with the subtle seasoning common to Puerto Rican food. I had the carne guesada (beef stew) which is basically tender beef in a savory broth, while the bride had the camarones al ajillo (sauteed shrimp in garlic) & for the sides we both opted for the arroz con gandules (yellow rice with pigeon peas) and beans which came in a broth. Those not familiar with Puerto Rican food may expect a heavier hand with the seasoning, but common everyday cooking is much like the food in the midwest. The more spicy dishes are commonly served more in the areas frequented by tourists. This was definitely more country side cooking than spicy urban fare. All in all, the food was good, the prices were very reasonable and the service was pretty much topnotch. Not only would I go back but I'd recommend it to friends. As far as I know they don't serve any alcohol and as I said earlier NO ICED TEA!\nA word to those who are bitching about them not taking your Groupon. Get over it! You bought it in May and have had plenty of time to use it. If you were that eager you would have gotten there sooner. Besides, all you have to do is contact Groupon and they'll refund your money. Restaurants go out of business all the time so grow up and deal with it already.