I'll preface this with the fact that I am biased AGAINST businesses that have limited hours. I work night shift and it is already hard enough to wake up late and do errands in the limited time places are open, to include doctor visits. At least with a doctor I can understand their hours - who is going to go get a surgery at 8pm? Nobody. BUt I do believe that if you have a business that is selling goods to the public that it is good business practice to stay open at least past rush-hour so that people can get off work and come in and shop.\n\nWith that said, I got to Ryan's at 4:32pm after driving from south, southern chandler (south of the Chandler Fashion Mall) and going 10mph on the highway. I walked in 2 minutes after they closed (by my watch) and didn't even think that they would be closed. I zipped into the showroom not even thinking that a pet store would be closing at 4:30 and I had the worker behind the counter yelling at me as I went in, \"excuse me sir, we are closed.\" No eye contact. No sorry.\n\nI needed one item.\n\nI used to work retail. I know how it is to have that customer come in 1 minute before you close... and 1 minute after you close. I was that supervisor that had to tell them to  hurry up or come back the next day. But I feel that I did it with courtesy and understanding in how I  ran my store and what I could do within reason. I never, ever snapped at someone and just gave them some blanket statement that we were closed and insinuated to leave without even eye contact.\n\nI am pretty sure that I wasn't the only customer there - I could have easily grabbed my item and left before they did. But at the tone that I got... I didn't even want to ask if I could get in and get out.\n\nSo I am lost of what to say. I can't really judge the store itself or the prices... because I barely got past the front door. What I can judge it on is their customer service, their attitude, and their store policy. For this, I give them low rankings. I do understand they have hours that they need to maintain... but they could have at least been nice about it.\n\nFurthermore, there is little-to-no need for me to wreck my schedule just so I can come in and visit their store during their limited business hours. I'll shop elsewhere.