I've been back to this Pita Jungle quite a few times. Service has gotten considerably better and for that, I'm thankful. However, they still fail when it comes to putting out consistent food. I don't understand why this keeps happening. It's unfortunate because Pita Jungle is SO GOOD when it's consistent, and I really want to go here all the time, but when food comes out different every time I can't spend my money here.\n\nI thought I had a good thing going when I went on a Friday and Saturday evening. The service was excellent & the food was totally fantastic - 5 stars. Alas, these experiences tricked me into believing they had improved so I came back on a weekday during a non peak time. I ordered the same thing I did over the weekend- a chicken shwarma wrap. This time it was perfect too! I thought to myself, \"Thank god, now I can start coming back here regularly.\" So I came back on another weekday, same time, and the chicken shwarma was all wrong. \n\nHere's what was wrong:\n\nNot enough lettuce\nNot enough vegetables\nNot enough garlic sauce\nNot enough tahini\n\nThe wrap was this little measly thing with about half the amount of dressings and veggies as when I got it the last few times. Wtf? I seriously thought I was going crazy so I came back the following week and ordered the same thing, thinking maybe it was just an off day. Nope. The same thing happened- except this time it has even less tahini and sauce. \n\nSeriously, these shwarma's don't taste half as good without a fair amount of garlic sauce and tahini. When I got it the first few times, every bite had sauce. This time, I could barely even taste it. So at this point, I asked my waiter for extra sauces and when I got the bill I found out he charged me! The thing that sucked is I didn't look at the receipt until after he swiped my card. Otherwise I would have mentioned it.\n\nI guess I should have complained to him straight up that the pita wrap tasted like crap, then maybe he wouldn't have charged me. It was still really annoying. Both those things were $0.75 each! I was not happy!\n\nI'm giving this place an extra star because the servers have finally become attentive and now I know never to come on a weekday and only on the weekends!