My family and I came here to celebrate my grandmas 93rd birthday. We made reservations in advance and I specified that we wanted a table that was comfortable for her and would put us near the dancing . \n Upon arrival we were seated immediately. Our waiter came and took our drink orders. We ordered a pitcher of sangria. Good sangria, nothing beyond this world . \n To our dismay we soon realized that two 15 top parties came in about 15 minutes after us. Both loud bridal parties enabled us from even talking amongst each other . This was frustrating because as I had specified to the hostess weeks ago \" I am celebrating my grandmas 93rd birthday, please give us a table where we can see the music and she can be comfortable \" sitting next to two large parties which then block our view and hinder our ability to converse was not what I meant. \n  The main reason for 1 star, and I have never given 1 star review before, was due to the customer service . At first our waiter was helpful, but as soon as the two big parties arrived it's as if we had lost our waiter completely. Our orders came and went and he didn't show up to our table for 30 minutes . We had to ask for water 3 times before we were able to get a refill. Being in this restaurant industry myself, this is a HUGE-what not to do. I understand a server being busy, but if he is that double seated that he can't take care of his first table then there  is something really wrong with the overall management and customer care of this place. \n  It was my greatest intention to give this place the benefit of the doubt. I had read the mixed yelp reviews, but I wanted to believe in the good ones. Unfortunately, it was the biggest mistake coming here for her birthday.\nIt didn't matter that the dancing and music was beautiful when we could hardly see. And what good does the food do if you aren't being taken care of by your waiter?\n  Lastly, the waiter took so long to return to our table that I had to go get him to ask him to come to our table. I was really looking forward to dessert at this place, but due to the extremely poor customer service we opted out. We did not even receive any happy birthday or congratulations for the fact that we were celebrating my grandmas birthday here, and I had made this an important point multiple times. \n  In conclusion, I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. This place did not deserve to have my dear grandma dining with them on her birthday .