I don't write many reviews, but this group is so incredibly bad... \n\nTo start - about me: Bottle-popper. My 40th birthday weekend. Have popped in every club worth a damn around the world from Pacha to XS, from Spain to Singapore to Vegas to NYC to Los Angeles. I'm a filmmaker, used to work in TV, did a circuit for two years trying to sell a club show in LA with a (famous I shall not name) energy drink on board for 5 million of my budget, etc. To say that I've been to a few clubs is an understatement. I've had a standing plus 10 VIP in every club in New York and LA for ten years. But enough about me, I'm not trying to flex, just speak to my experience and knowledge of clubs. \n\n7\/14\/17. I went to see Calvin Harris to start off the weekend. I had never been to a Hakkassan group club and I wanted to see what it was like - a big decision lay before me: Where to pop a big table on Saturday night? A promoter who used to work for some of my TV-Host Promoters hooked up all the girls on a list and gave the guys a discount code for pre-sale tickets, which we bought. We arrived early to get in, get to our buddies table and see what it was all about. \n\nFirst, they held the girls back, telling them to wait, when everything seemed fine, we guys went around to meet our promoter. They told him to get back inside, they wouldn't let him help as an issue seemed to mount: Somehow our tickets were \"used\" and they wanted to double-charge us, at $160 each!!! It's a barcode system, they were to deduct each ticket on their system. They let one person in and said they were all used after that, deducting all 6 tickets for 1 person... \n\nBecause the ladies were coming in, some of us paid anyway, triple-charged. Once inside we found out that they charged the women who were supposed to be VIP (VIP table host was continuing to tell us that should not have happened). Then, the nightmare continued. Overpriced drinks are just the start of it. I counted over 1,000 people on the small rooftop. Over 3,000 people upstairs, and at least 6 to 7,000 people downstairs. By the time we got in, you couldn't even try to make it onto the dancefloor. We couldn't even get through the crowd to our friend's table, stuck in pushing masses held up by security. No escort to table to speak of!!!\n\nIn the bar, my buddies card denied. This happens all the time - I also forgot to tell the bank I was going on vacation. But how the Omnia bartender reacted was nothing short of special. My friend said, \"Oh just keep the drink, I'll call the bank, but I can't inside this loud club.\" They told him he had to pay for the drink anyway, and started flashing their light for the bouncer, saying they were going to call the police (!!!). They held his ID until he got one of us to pay for it. Their overhead on such a drink is less than 3$, and that's counting the plastic cup. I have no idea why it was such a problem, they had to resort to threats - you couldn't just throw the drink out? \n\nSo here's the deal - the next night I went to Encore Beach Club Nightswim and started with 4 bottles of Grey Goose at my table. My card was denied but my lovely host patiently waited while I called the bank and had it taken care of. We had a truly memorable night. After the awful experience at Omnia, I reached out to my usual hosts at the XS\/Encore clubs and not only did they give us deals and treat us well, the GM walked us in, personally. Seen people spend over a million $ in champagne at XS\/Encore (two nights in a row lol) - no regrets. Love my Dubai people.\n\nBut Omnia, Hakkassan will never have my business and I will make sure that all of my ballers never go as well. I'm disputing the charges to my credit card for the tickets, something I never do, because they did not honor the tickets. I've heard additional horror stories from friends having their driver\/bodyguard who was SOBER pay for the table in cash, then the club say they didn't pay!! Also complaining formally to the Clark County Fire Dept. with some strong words - the only way this place passed an inspection is if they bribed them. I'm also calling my friends in LEO - this club screws tickets and tables over, overcrowded, full of pick-pockets. It has to be their internal policy. \n\nLook, we know what's up: The egotistical owner started this group to put XS out of biz bc his ego was hurt after they sold his table bc he came super late. He signs these DJ's to exclusive west coast deals so that they can't play XS. Imagine how much he has to pay Calvin Harris to have a contract where Cal has to ask him if he can play Coachella. They've spent so much money, they are desperate to recoup. I'll bet you they haven't seen any profit yet and are still trying to prove their business model. If they are around 2 years from now, it's because the owner is still paying for it out of pocket. \n\nYou guys want to put XS out of business? Customer service is number one, the money follows. Never again, this club is an industry joke. \n\nWorst. Club. Ever.