I struggled a lot on whether to give this a 3 or a 4. Honestly, I'm not happy with my decision and I'm thinking it may deserve a 3. This place is new to me, but I'm no stranger to \"Mongolian BBQ\" as I've been a long-time fan of YC's. Obviously I'm going to compare the two. \n\nI liked that they had fresh meat, but it was a little fatty and since they use thicker chunks as opposed to shaved and frozen, it takes longer to cook your food. They seem to stack up orders on the hot disc. It definitely lacks the flair you get when eating at YC's, but the novelty of that wears off after a few times anyway. Plus, I know it's wrong, but I prefer the frozen shaved meats to these chunks. It's just different though - I wouldn't say frozen is better, just that I prefer it. \n\nI would even go so far as to say I preferred a lot of their fixin's outside of the meat. They had a better selection of spicy powders and sauces than YC's, and this place definitely caters to the spicy food lover more. They also had better vegetables. I should also mention they have a better selection of meats including two types of beef and even shrimp and scallops. Even your choices of noodles and rice was more extensive. Come to think of it, they really beat the shit out of YC's hands down in the available food department.\n\nAnd taste? Well, it was delicious I must say. Of course, I assembled the dish, so if it wasn't any good I have to accept at least part of the blame if not all. If I had to compare, I'd say YC's is very reliable and good consistantly because I tend to always create roughly the same dish. GG's I could see having a much broader range of flavors and experiences. \n\nThe ambiance was okay for a strip-mall restaurant. It was kinda kitschy, but charming enough and fairly comfy. They had attention to detail. I think YC's (depending on which one you go to) is a \"no frills\" sort of place compared to this. They were piping in some good contemporary alternative music as well... for a minute, I thought someone had lifted my ipod.\n\nService was attentive, but odd since this is a \"get your own food\" kind of place... They also have menus which is strange considering you basically put your own dish together and since the server explains the process again to you in detail. I felt a bit like a child being explained something so simple and obvious, but my girlfriend had a confused look on her face, so maybe it's a good thing they do that. Regulars probably just get escorted over to the line.\n\nI think my main gripe with it was the tiny bowl they gave me for the fixin's... but then again, you aren't putting noodles or rice in there like you do at YC's - they add that as they cook it for you. So I suppose the portions are comparable. Then there's the price. A little high perhaps - maybe higher than YC's (I know they used to be 5 bucks for a lunch bowl). But you do get a lot for your money if you know how to pack the food in the bowl. \n\nSo I guess I was right to give it a 4 instead of a 3... turns out I really liked it. I think this would be a real treat for someone who hasn't had Mongolian BBQ before. I consider this to be a great alternative to YC's... Impressive.