Enoteca got very close to getting a 2-star rating, but I hate to rate a place with good quality food with such a low rating.  The food at Enoteca is very good, but the pricing and portions are just ridiculous.  The service is usually pretty good, although I have had a couple bad service experiences here.  I have been to Enoteca over 10 times, but it's primarily because I would be visiting friends who want to eat somewhere in Venetian.\n\nThe food at Enoteca is very good.  Their Pork Shoulder is one of their best dishes, and is very flavorful.  The salumi's are all made and cured in house, and you can tell when you eat them.  The pasta's all have great flavor, and are relatively affordable.  The main complaint I have here is portion size.  Now I'm not the type that goes to a three-star michelin rated restaurant and gets mad because I only have two shrimp in one of my courses, but when I go to a casual, laid back Italian restaurant, and am paying $18 for a bowl of pasta, I expect the bowl to be at least half-way full.  One of my favorite pasta dishes is spaghetti with olive oil, garlic, red chile flakes, and pecorino cheese.  They have this dish on the menu for $18, which is a very pricey for this dish, but I love the flavors so I got it.  The bowl had one small pile of noodles in the middle of the bowl, I would guess about a 4 oz. serving of pasta.  This isn't just one dish, either.  Everything is under-portioned and overpriced.  \n\nThere is also another thing that bothers me about Enoteca.  No Corkage allowed.  You could be on your deathbed and only want ONE wine to eat with your last meal at Enoteca, and if they don't have it on the menu, you can't drink it.  To a person who drinks a lot of wine like me, this is an insult to the customer.  Mario Batali claims, \"my restaurants have wine in every price range\".  But this is a bullshit excuse because, as a wine drinker, I want certain wines with certain meals, and will base my meal around my wine a lot of the time.  I am extremely disappointed in Mario Batali for not allowing a corkage fee, but love good food too much to stop going to his restaurants.  \n\nThis being said, I wouldn't suggest Enoteca unless you are trying to spend a little less, but still get a good meal.  Just don't expect to bring your own wine!