Until moving to Arizona from California, Sonic was a big mystery to me and my husband. For some odd reason, there were always commercials for the drive-in chain on local networks. The commercials were always funny in a dry sort of way, and we were interested enough to go look up the closest location, which was 40+ miles from our house. This seemingly pointless marketing strategy was something that a lot of Californians apparently noticed because some person started a Facebook group called \"All I ever see is commercials for Sonic, and I don't believe it actually exists.\" Needless to say, the group had many members join in a very short time. \n\nLast weekend, we had some friends come in from California for the weekend. They were staying at the Arizona Grand Resort and noticed this Sonic location across the street. Having also seen the commercials and up until this point having decided that the chain didn't really exist, they were super-excited to go experience what Sonic was all about. So, we pulled into one of the parking spots on a Saturday afternoon and decided to sample some of their many interesting drinks. We chose:\n\n*Mocha Java Chiller\n*Root Beer Float\n*Fried Ice Cream Blast\n*Butterfinger Blast\n\nWe each had a favorite, which worked out a lot better than continuing to pass them around the car (our original plan). Personally, I thought the classic Root Beer Float was the best, although the Mocha Java Chiller was pretty good and reminded me of a coffee milkshake. We paid $11 or so for the four drinks and had a pretty good time sitting in the car (with the AC blasting of course), sipping our cool treats, and reminiscing about the good old days in America when people knew each other by name and \"petted\" at drive-in movies and eateries. \n\nOk, maybe not the last part, but it was a fun afternoon activity after a long day at the hotel pool and now our friends can go back to California knowing that Sonic really does exist. As for us, doubt we'll be back frequently - at least not for the food, which I hear isn't great. The mystery of Sonic's existence has been solved and the mystery was part of what made us want to go there so much in the first place. Hmmm, maybe that's their marketing strategy. I figure if every person in any other state who sees the commercials and then travels to another state where they do have Sonics everywhere stops in and gets just one slush or blast, that's a lot of customers!