I gave this 1 star but only because that's the lowest Yelp lets me rate a restaurant. \n\nWe got there at 10:30 and ordered the warmed brownie and ice cream, crepe with fruits, and a cake. Our waiter comes back after 30min to tell us what we ordered wasn't available. We thought it was strange that it took them 30 minutes to realize this, meaning they haven't started on our order. Finally, at 11:45, our food arrived. \n\nI had ordered the Mini Warmed Brownie with Vanilla Ice Cream and Chocolate Sauce. My plate came with just the brownie, and 2 dobs of whipped cream. I was already skeptical because there was nothing warmed or heated radiating from my plate but I decided to at least tell the waiter the menu says it comes with vanilla ice cream. \n\nThe waiter replies \"does it? I'll check\" (Its written on the menu, this should be easy). He comes back in a bit to confirm that it does and tells me that he will get it for me. While I was waiting for my ice cream, I decided to confirm my suspicions by physically touching the brownie. It was ICE cold. I can get that I didn't touch the brownie as soon as it arrived, but from it arriving to my touching it could not have been more than 10 minutes. \n\nSo when the waiter returned with my ice cream, I told him the brownie is supposed to be warm. At this point the waiter is completely confused and tired of fielding my (warranted) demands, and gets his manager. The manager comes and says the brownie has already been heated. I tell him its cold and he replies \" I can only heat it for 30secs bc it will melt away if i do any longer.\" I was confused- brownies shouldn't MELT after heating for 30 seconds, what were they even serving me?! So I asked \"your brownie will melt?\" He confirms and says \"it'll drizzle all over the plate\". I didn't really believe him, so I told him the brownie feels ice cold. He begrudgingly offers \"I can heat it for 1 minute if you want. But it will melt all over the plate. Is that okay?\" \n\nIs this something that a customer should ever have to answer? Obviously it's not okay to serve me your shitty brownie melted. But I gave him the go to heat it up for 1 minute anyway since I figured I'd rather have it warmed than not at all (it was a cold night). He returns with my original plate with the whipped cream on it and another smaller plate of BROKEN APART brownie. He didn't even bother to put some effort into putting the brownie back on the same plate.  Instead, hands me two plates which I had to fit onto the table myself. And of course, he had to have the last word so he noted \"I told you it was going to melt\". \n\nBUT THE BROWNIE WASN'T MELTED. AT ALL. Instead, it was broken apart into perfect cubes. There was nothing melt-y about these heated brownies - like normal brownies, their form stayed intact after being heated. \n\nTo finish off a horrendous first experience, after we got our bills and were ready to pay, our waiter took another 45 minutes to come back to our table. Mind you, the restaurant wasn't packed at all...there was at least half the tables empty with 4-5 waiters on hand. How can they be so inattentive on such a slow night??\n\nTo sum up, DO NOT COME HERE. SAVE YOUR MONEY, GET WAFFLES AND CAKES ELSEWHERE.