We went to El Chorro Lodge for brunch the other day and what a wonderful experience we had. There are a lot of reviews already written about this Arizona landmark restaurant so here's another review to consider if you're thinking about trying El Chorro Lodge.\n\nRestaurant ~ they have one of the best dining patio's in the metro!  Great views of the desert and mountains, everything is shaded with umbrella's and they have the misters going full throttle this time of year.  There is usually some light entertainment in the evenings on the patio.  The restaurant is somewhat a \"mission style\" clean lines, exposed ceiling rafters and white walls with some nice art work.  It's smaller inside than what most people might think, so you will most definitely want to use Open Table or call them to make reservations before going.  \n\nService ~ good servers here. Most of them are very attentive to your needs and very accommodating.  There were a few times we saw some of the servers blast past customers without a \"pardon me\" while going to and fro to the patio. \n\nFood ~ WARNING, eater's discretion is advised here!  Yes they serve you  sticky buns throughout the day and they are sooooo good and very addictive!  You'll want to order more but dont!  It will spoil you appetite before you get your main course.  These tasty little buns or goodness will swell in your tummy so just enjoy one (or two) that way you'll have something to look forward to on your next visit.  \n\nOn this last visit I had smoked salmon omelet with goat cheese, capers and some other goodies.  It was awesome!  It came with a side of hash brown potatoes and toast.  We also had their Creme Brulee french toast and ordered a side of bacon.  This sounded much better than what it tasted.  They use thick challah bread that must soak for a very long time, for this french toast tasted more like and eggie bread pudding.  The apple wood bacon was slightly over cooked but still tasty.  We also had their  eggs benedict which was delish.  You have your choice of proteins with your EB ~ canadian bacon, smoked salmon, lump crab or beef tenderloin and served with asparagus.  \n\nEl Chorro Lodge has a great ambiance, good food and service.  It is what we expected most of the restaurants would be like prior to moving to Phoenix.  This is a great place to go with friends and family.  I recommend dining on their patio for brunch or a late dinner.  Hope to see you there sometime!