I have been going to various Red Robin restaurants  since about 1990 and have for the most part been satisfied with the food and service.\n\nToday however, this was not the case. This is the second time that I have been to this location and was a little underwhelmed the first visit by the service, not the food. I know this happens so decided to stop by here to satisfy a burger craving.\n\nWe were seated and waited 12 minutes before we were approached by our server. I was shocked that she was our server because she had been assisting the two neighboring tables and never acknowledged us. Anyway...she took our drink orders and returned a few minutes later with the drinks and took our food order. I ordered my usual ( cheeseburger with bleu cheese, cooked well) the husband ordered the same . The lady that delivered the food was very nice and offered to get us ranch for our fries...that was nice of her.\n\nMy burger had a cold bun...I frowned and thought..well..as long as the meat is cooked and hot I can overlook it, and it was and I dug in. The husband took a bite and spit his out...it was cold..the bun and the burger, plus it was raw inside...not a little pink....it was raw. We got our servers attention after about 10 minutes ( she only had 2 other tables by the way). She apologized and offered to correct the situation...the new burger was delivered and was fine. \n\nBy this time we had been out of drinks for a while and really needed to quench our thirst...but our server was nowhere to be found. She finally comes over..after being prompted by us raising our hands...LOL...why did I raise my hand??? Imma dork. We let her know we would like some refills on our drinks and some extra fries...away she goes.5 minutes later our fries arrive...not form her...from another worker. We waited...waited....waited....20 minutes have now passed. We see our server offer to box the people's food next to us, she brought their check, she served another table their refills, came back to the other table and bullshitted for a few minutes. At this point I was pissed and saw a manager and motioned for him to come over..explained the ordeal...and he comped 50% of the bill...thanks Alex that was nice of you...I wish we could have left you the tip and not her. He brought us the check...she totally avoided us for the rest of the time we were there.\n\nSo...Alisha....your job is to be a server. This means that you take food and drink orders, deliver food, refill drinks, and make sure that we have a pleasant dining experience. I know that I pride myself in my job...and when I make a mistake I will be the first to admit and try to make ammends. I am not being harsh or rude...this is just basic skills that a person in this job should have. I know not everyone will have a knock out personality...or huge boobs, or a great smile. But Alisha...come on ...you could have at least apologized for the oversight.\n\nThe conclusion is that I will NEVER go to this particular RED ROBIN...thanks to Alisha...it would just be awkward to have to see her again. I will continue to go to the one off 99th and McDowell...and then soon they will have one even closer to me...OOH JOY !!!\n\nP.S. The one star is for the nice manager that genuinely felt bad about our experience and the nice lady that offered the ranch.