Stay away from this nightclub. Do not buy the dinner and club package. What a waste of my money!! We were there on June 6 2014. I bought a package for 4 people.  Everything was fine and the area we were sitted at was perfect for a group of 4. Until, a group of 8 females walked in and were sitted next to us. Immediately, one of the woman, Christine or Christina (who claimed to be related to Elvis Presley) started to give us an attitude when we didn't move further down the booth. I asked the waitress if we could move to the corner part of the booth and she explained that it would cost more money. I explained this to the other group. We went along with our night making the best out of it until  Christine \"Presley\" came over to introduce herself to us and she started to call my husband a liar and disrespectful because he jokingly said his name was Pablo. Then she starts complaining to the couple that we were with about how they need to move further down because we were not by our table. To make a long story short, I asked her to please leave us alone and we were  moved to the corner to avoid any problems. Well this christine lady wasn't going to be happy till we were kicked out. She kept whining to the bouncers and waitresses accusing us of being mean to her and throwing ice at her. All of which were a lie. What irritated me was how security handled the situation.  They came and took me from my party, didn't let my husband or friends follow me, and basically held me hostage in an exit hallway. They took my ID and threatened to call the cops over what occurred.  Nothing occurred!! A fight didn't break out, no punches were thrown,& our party  was not paying any  attention to this girl. They wouldn't give my husband any information on my whereabouts. I was held against my will for almost an hour till security could figure out what to do. I have been to plenty of clubs in Vegas and Chicago, never have I seen security pay attention to such childish complaints!! I couldn't believe they were taking this Christine seriously when she was whining about not having an extra 6 inches to herself.   If anything I blame the club for sitting a group of 8 in a booth that only fits 4. Thank you to security for wasting an hour of our night instead of either asking us to leave or letting us go down to the dance floor. If it wasn't for the fact that they had my ID and my husband's cc we would have walked out. I thought Tao's VIP was suppose to be classy instead they allow little girls playing childish bs games and give them too much attention. What a waste of money and time! To that Christine girl I wish I would have given you something to really complain about because you obviously have never encountered people who will give you a reason to get security.  Dinner at Tao wasn't great at all. The food is not worth the money. The club is by far the worst I have been to and I wish I would have listened to some of the reviews on yelp.