I am not rating their work, I am rating my experience and how they treated my wife and I. We did not get tattoos here, we walked into the \"mall\" and got tattoos at Club Tattoo. I want to share the different experiences we had. \n\nThe tattoo we wanted, an outline of a heat on the inside of our ring finger, was only going to take 5 minutes to do. We walked in and the shop was busy, no problems here, that's good right! No one approached us, maybe they thought we were just looking around. I finally approached the desk where this guy (didn't get a name) was talking to a client. This client wanted a batman logo on his back. The guy working there said \"why batman, don't get batman\". First of all, you don't say that. This guy wants batman on his back, your opinion of his tattoo is not needed. For whatever reason they did not decide to get the tattoo so the guy working there crumbled up the print out and threw it away. Now onto me...\n\nThis guy was less than excited to be talking to us, or anyone really. I get it, tourists want \"dumb\" tattoos and you want to do a statement piece of a dragon being slayed on the side of a mountain. But I just want a small heart tattoo. You are working on the Vegas strip! He told me no one wants to do hand tattoos, but he would make an exception for us. $150 each. I get it, Vegas and all. But $300 was too much, given the lack of excitement on your end. So I said no thank you and left. \n\nWe walked into Club Tattoo. A nice lady immediately greeted us. I told her what  I wanted and she talked to the artist. I don't remember this guys name, it was two letters like JT or JB or something. Very nice guy. Said it would be $100 a piece. No worries. Just the way this place acted and treated us was NIGHT and DAY different. Half hour later, my wife and I had the tattoos we wanted. \n\nCustomer service! If I owned this shop, I would be very concerned with the amount of business my employees were pushing away. Literally two customers and three tattoos in the 10 min I was there.