Another of my jury duty visits, and yes, another 4 star review.\n\nBy the way, this was a deceivingly long walk from the courthouse, which for some reason when I yelped it I swore it said it was about .7 miles away.   It sure felt like a lot more than that, but what do I know.  This review is all worth it if some juror sees this some day and makes a decision either to go or not to go to Bar + Bistro based on that comment.\n\nThe good news?   In my opinion the food I had was worth the trek.  The waiter I had was very friendly and very accommodating to my lactose intolerance.  I ordered the Lentil soup which was denoted as Vegan and asked if there were any dairy products in the mahi mahi tacos.  He checked with the kitchen which is always appreciated by me and confirmed it did not.  Nothing makes me more angry than when a waiter will \"guess\" as to what the dairy contents of the items are.  Okay LOTS of things make me more angry than that, but for dramatic effect that's all I could come up with.  So now I was sitting content knowing that my food was more than likely not going to cause me to get held for contempt in court for gastrointestinal issues.  \n\nFirst the soup arrived.   I thought it had a nice flavor and it was gobbled up quickly.  Next up came the mahi mahi tacos.  A bit of an interesting presentation in which you get several pieces of fish, and the slaw and tortillas on the side.   So kind of a build your own taco deal.  I thought the mahi mahi was slightly overcooked, but the flavors that I signed up for were there.  \n\nGiven that this is \"@ the Arts Factory\", I expected more than just a run of the mill setup that you might find at Applebees, and I was impressed.  I had one of those tables that were made to look like an artist's palette, with splatters of paint throughout.  Or maybe those paint splotches are the result of someone who had a few too many margaritas.  Either way, it worked for me.  \n\nI did think the food was slightly overpriced as the soup, tacos, and drink came out to over $20, which is a little more than I normally would spend on lunch.  Some lunch specials would be appreciated if anyone is listening out there.   The food and the service deserve a 4 star rating from me in the end though, and of course the appeasing of a paranoid lactose intolerant.