First of all I personally really like Thomas and I've always been treated well over there but I'm very disappointed in my recent findings of Erased. \n\nI have a tattoo that I've been removing there for three years now... The tattoo is 15 years old, and only black-and-white. I had 13 sessions! And it's still not gone. I'm fair skinned so I'm not sure what the issue was. Every time I would get a treatment he would say yeah just one more... But it only faded so much. The first three sessions I saw a big difference and then the last 10 nothing has really changed!\n\nI was never given any aftercare instructions, I was never told to stay out of the sun or to put pointman on my tattoo or to avoid soaking in water afterwards, I'm very lucky that I didn't have an infection but I'm upset also knowing that I could've had a better recovery and possibly even better results with proper aftercare instructions.\n\nThen I found out the laser that he's using is not really meant for tattoo removal, it's meant for laser hair removal. And that's why my tattoo was not removing completely and I started getting hyper pigmentation, where the outline of the tattoo began turning white. \n\nI had my 14 session at a different tattoo removal place with a better laser... It's only been three days and I seen an enormous difference between this laser and the one that I have been using for the past three years at Erased. \n\nI have a second tattoo that I wanted to remove, but it's red. Thomas told me he didn't recommend removing red because it didn't remove well. I later learned that Red removes very quickly, it was just the laser that he has is in capable of removing red. His packages are extremely cheap but the new place I'm going to isn't that expensive either. I would much rather pay more and not have had to go through this pain for three years when my tattoo should've been gone in a few months. I'm very upset that I had to go through that pain 13 times over there for results that I could've gotten with less than half of those treatments somewhere else.