I tried to like this place as it is a local store and neatly decorated. The food is really bad, too salty, too buttery and lots of animal fat, and pricey for the quality. Also one time we ordered a fruit plate, that was like a joke!! I wish I took a picture of it! The fruit was not fresh, the portion was extremely underwhelming considering the price. I do NOT recommend eating there. It is over rates as healthy, unless you think eating derivatives of pork with egg is healthy and salty potatoes. \nFor the market section, since really rare people shops there most of the things in the vegetable and fruit sections are not fresh most of the time, they sit there a week! When you come home you might find your orange was dried out, or very expensive tomatoes are mushy inside, parsleys horrible, mushrooms are like sponge... I support eating organic but it would make sense if they are  fresh! \nSince almost everything is organic in the store I was comfortably buying meat from there for long time. Couple times I had the some complaints, the meat was gone bad before I bring home, sitting out too long; same reason not much demand from shoppers. Same happened to me with the milk, yogurt and bulk nuts. The customer service is horrible, you might need to tell them 3 times and maybe you will get your money back! One time I see the price of my regular meat went up for 17$ from 13$, flat iron. I said why? They said this is non-GMO. Well good to know, then was I buying GMO the whole time?!!! Thank you for hiding and making me pay double price for a meat that I can find anywhere otherwise. If I forgot to mention their customer service is horrible, forget getting your money back, you will be treated like you are too small to ask your money back!! Really the only things worth buying there is potatoes because they are local and apples. The rest is huge disappointment. And trust me I can drive miles for non- gmo and organic food and willing to pay more, but not from here anymore. No fresh no good! \nAs I write, I remember the billion disappointments I had with the place, they validate your parking ticket but be sure it won't work 30% of the time, since they are mean people you won't feel like going back. I don't know if the staff is not paid enough or what, they are not helpful at all. I like seeing happy humble people, if you want arrogant and unhappy Marty's have more than you would ask for!