Unfortunately my last experience has really changed my mind about returning to this business. I was an incredibly loyal customer but now I will not be going back. \n   I was encouraged by their employees to download their Epoxy app. which acts as a stamp card giving you credit for purchases and then leads up to them offering you a free purchase once all of the required amount of stamps are collected. \n   Today I purchased a large acai bowl with mixed nuts (which is an extra charge), I large smoothie with a .99 additional ingredient, a bagel and cream cheese and a child's smoothie and peanut butter sandwich. It is advertised that kids eat free always with full purchases and that is very generous. However, I paid full price for all my other items which came out to over $20. When I presented the stamp card I was told I am not entitled to a stamp for any of my purchases due to the child's meal being \"on the house\" and that I can't receive \"two offers at once\". I was not redeeming my stamp card, I was simply requesting a stamp for the purchases I paid full price for. Also, I was never informed nor is it posted anywhere that I will not receive a stamp if kid's items are part of my purchase. Also, the \"kids eat free\" is permanently on the menu so I don't understand how that's a special offer.\n  When talking to the owner regarding the situation he told me \"I'm the only one in town who is this generous.. This is as good as it gets.\" I was really shocked at his attitude. I have brought him business, referred so many of my friends, written positive reviews in the past and gone out of my way to check in on social media. \n  If you are going to have a loyalty card program... Shouldn't you be rewarding those customers who are in fact, LOYAL? I wasn't asking for anything special.. Merely a stamp on a virtual card for items I paid full price for. If you have limitations- post them clearly, verbalize them to your customers and please don't allow your ego to destroy a great customer relationship. I regret to say I won't be back. This loyal customer apparently isn't worth a .60 stamp.