Despite all the times that I've seen Blue Man Group on various TV shows, nothing really prepared me for what I saw tonight.\n\nAs on their televised appearances, there's definitely a good amount of music. The backing band is solid, and the percussion of the three blue-faced dudes is impeccable. The music is energetic and accessible, with more of a rock than an electronic vibe.\n\nI was a little surprised at the amount of comedy though. There are no words, to describe it. That comma was intentional. While there's voiceovers and whatnot to set up different segments of the show, the characters never speak, only interacting with each other and with audience members through movement and gestures. They still draw tons of laughs through things such as awkward pauses or apparent mistakes, pattern breaks, etc. I'm not sure if they improvise at all or actually plan for everything with audience members, but it all definitely works.\n\nThis is a very smartly designed show. There are a lot of references and callbacks. They represent things involving technology and things involving the human brain in fairly accurate ways. As an aside, there is a principle known as Chekhov's Gun which basically means that if an author writes about an object, it's going to be important in some way. The show follows this principle starting from the projected video shown before start time, and including all the set objects and even items borrowed from or given to audience members. And I don't mean the ponchos that audience members get if they're sitting near the stage.\n\nThe issues I really had were with some of the live video not being played as smoothly, and with some of the voiceover\/video segments feeling a little amateurish. Oh, and there was this idiot right in front of me who decided to remain standing at the end after everyone else in the audience had sat down again. Unfortunately, I wasn't about to ruin it further for those behind me by trying to stand and look around him either. Can't really attribute blame to the Blue Man Group though.\n\nOverall, it's really entertaining start to finish and just a notch or two below the Cirque du Soleil shows or Le Reve in terms of variety and production value. You should realize, though, that there isn't a huge cast of characters in this production. The three blue-faced gentlemen have a lot of talent and are able to carry the show from start to finish.\n\nP.S. It would be amiss not to mention a great benefactor that made this night possible for me. Thanks so much to Edwin P. for his generosity. What a guy.