Once upon  a time The Q Sports Club was the hottest and hippest gym experience in Scottsdale. You could leave your kids in daycare while you used the new Nautilus machines, took a step aerobics class, or went for a swim. When you were done you could shower and change in the large locker rooms or if you were a real baller, you could purchase entry to the separate VIP locker rooms. \n\nUnfortunately, more than 20 years and two names later this LA Fitness still feels like you are going back in time to the 1990's. Even the color scheme feels dated and although they have replaced a few pieces of equipment, you could go through a time warp wearing your Zubaz shorts, a headband and an original pair of Nike cross trainers and you wouldn't feel all that out of place.\n\nThe first floor is basically deserted. There are one or two people at the front desk and I don't know that I've ever seen any one in the pool. Unlike when 24 Hour Fitness ran this facility, they don't even have a shop with supplements or equipment for sale. The space that once upon a time held a massage \/ chiropractor clinic is long empty and the child care are looks huge for the small number of families that use it. Oh, and the VIP locker rooms still exist, but I've never seen anyone in them.\n\nUpstairs is still a mix of treadmills, ellipticals, Nautilus and Hammer Strength machines. There's a small free weight area and 24 Hour Fitness put in a jungle-gym type machine to try and compete with crossfit gyms, but it rarely gets used. There is also a large and small group exercise rooms where they offer group classes such as BodyPump, Yoga, and Spin. A smaller room that used to be the Spin studio is now mostly used by personal trainers. For some reason the center of the floor still contains a square counter that must have originally been used by gym staff, but is now mostly just a place for women to store their purses.\n\nIt seems clear that the owners don't know what to do with this location. It would probably be cheaper to tear it down and start over, but until then it seems that no one wants to put any money into it and thus it continues its decline.\n\nLuckily, if you're an LA Fitness member you have plenty of other nearby options, but if you're coming here, don't expect much.