Can you say cheap three times fast?  CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP!\n\nFor some reason we often end up here for a quick bite after a long Sunday morning grocery shopping at the nearby Walmart & Sam's Club.  Sometimes you just don't feel like a friggin' hot dog or crappy pizza.  I'm talking to you Sam's Club!  Take a cue from Costco for better cheap eats.\n\nThe newly renovated Del Taco is pretty clean as wellas bright and inviting with it's new color scheme.  The menus have been changed up a bit and some new items added.  Guess change can be good sometimes.  One big change is that now on each table there are baskets that already have the condiments arranged nicely in them (mild, hot, habanero sauces, ketchup).  I guess the goal is to make it seem like you're more at home for a meal.  \n\nBut the quality of food (for the cheapness it is) sure beats that other taco place (*cough* Taco Bell *cough*), at least in my opinion.  The food here at Del Taco tastes much fresher and settles better in my tummy.  I dunno about that other taco place, those damn Doritos Locos Tacos always leave me feeling gassy and light headed.  Perhaps it's the artificial ingredients in that shell??\n\nThe Classic Taco at Del Taco is one of my favorites.  The crunchy shell filled with seasoned beef, fresh shredded cheddar cheese, lettuce, and tomato?  For only $1 each?  Yeah, I'll have 5.  And wrapping it in yellow paper?  Ooh...almost authentic Mexican!  When these tacos are fresh, they are greatness.  I will eat like a cheap, happy man.  I also like their plain old Bean & Cheese Burrito (with red sauce).  When the beans are from a fresh batch made in store, it's pretty good eats.  Another favorite?  Their $1 Chicken Soft Taco.  I can eat a dozen of these easy.  But, and I say that critically...only when they are freshly made.  I don't want mine made with old flour tortillas, or with old grilled chicken.  Nope.  Gotta be fresh made!  If you're nice and are buying several of these Chicken Soft Tacos with your order, you can ask them to cook a fresh batch of chicken for you and they will sometimes oblige.  Trust me, don't go for the ones sitting there.  Del Taco...eat FRESH!  Hmm....copyright infringement ensues...\n\nAnother big reason I like Del Taco over Taco Bell (there, I said it) is because they serve friggin' Coca-Cola!  It's a big factor over why I visit Del Taco over Taco Bell if given the choice.  It just seems to go way better with a semi-Mexcan meal that a Pepsi.  Call me whatever you want, Coke is it!  I really am getting in trouble with these copyright laws...\n\nI will usually get a decent meal at Del Taco for two at under $9.  Thank God the wifey likes a cheap meal more often than not!  Either that, or she just puts up with me.  I have no qualms with my usual order:  Combo #1, make it a medium, double-cook the quesadilla (me likes it crispy), 1 Bean & Cheese Burrito with red sauce, and 1 Chicken Soft Taco.  If I don't want that with my Combo #1, I'll add on two Breakfast Burritos.  Yes, Del Taco serves breakfast as well (24 hours in most locations)...and they started this way before Taco Bell's 'First Meal'!\n\nStaff here is friendly, and very quick with your orders.  Prices vary a little bit depending if you're going with a combo or going off of the value menu.  But you can usually get away with feeding one hungover person at around the $7-8 for a complete meal.  Don't forget, Del Taco also serves burgers, shakes, and fries!  I'm not sure about a burger in a taco joint so I've never really tried them.  But the fries?  Not bad as they are a standard crinkle cut.  Get the Deluxe Chili Cheddar Fries (add jalapenos if you're feeling HOT HOT HOT), wow, explosion in a tray.  Get your TUMS.  You will either LOVE these, or HATE these.  Chili bomb!     \n\nLate night?  Del Taco will treat you right.