As far as the salon atmosphere and space, it is defiantly 5 stars.\n\nAs far as my experience with the receptionist, 1 star.\n\nMy hair stylist's attitude, 5 stars. The end result, 2 stars.\n\nOkay, so let me explain. I scheduled an appointment for myself and my fiancee. The day of my appointment, I get a phone call from the salon telling me that my appointment had been cancelled because my stylist fell ill. No problem, I felt bad for the girl for being sick, these things happen. Here's my issue- the receptionist asked me when I'd like to reschedule next week and I said, \"Well, actually I am going out of town this weekend and was hoping to get my hair done before then. I understand that my stylist got sick, is there by any chance I can see someone else this evening?\" I also politely told her that I was a new client and would be willing to see anybody. She reluctantly said that someone could take me later that night. First issue, I told you I was a new client, why wouldn't you suggest the later appointment that day from the beginning rather than tell me I had to reschedule next week? Shady, shady. Here's my other issue, the receptionist told me that my new stylist was a more experienced stylist so she charged more. I asked her if she would honor my original quoted rate, of $10 less, since my appointment was cancelled. Again, I understand and feel bad that the first girl got sick, but that is not my fault. She told me that \"unfortunately\" they would not be willing to honor my original rate. Unfortunately? Really? Unfortunately you need a lesson in customer service. That's just bad business. I don't have an issue paying more, I have any issue with how this was handled. I was a new client, it's the principle that I have an issue with, not to mention I am basically a hair stylist's dream if I may say: I schedule appointments, I buy product, I tip really, really  well, and I refer people. Nonetheless, although hair is not a life or death issue, I took the later appointment because it was important that I looked my best while going out of town for the weekend.\n\nAlright, so as far as my stylist...she was very nice, a great listener, very professional. She was a really nice person, however, she used language that was really elementary and slightly demeaning to my intelligence. I don't mean to sound harsh, but I don't need to be explained, for example, that I should use a moisturizing shampoo and conditioner if my hair is dry...like, really? It was really basic stuff like that. The whole time I felt like I was in Beauty School 101. I actually know A LOT about hair care, ingredients in hair care and so forth...I wish she would have asked me if I felt comfortable and knowledgeable about the dos and don'ts of hair before she assumed I knew nothing. I kept politely telling her that I was aware of what she was saying, but she kept at it. I just wanted her to cut my hair, not preach to me that I need to use a detangler if my hair is tangled. Again, I don't want to sound harsh, she was a very nice person, and very sweet, but it just got irritating after awhile. She asked me a ton of questions about my hair and how I wanted it cut, and she just didn't get it right. Not even close. I asked for an inverted bob, slightly longer in the front, shorter in the back. It's practically straight across. I also told her I liked my hair round-brushed so it would curl under when I style it, it now flips out. She also cut it I'd say 2 inches shorter than what we had discussed. I also told her that my hair tends to fall flat, and I wanted a lot of volume in the back. I even brought her 5 photos from all different angles so she could see, (including photos of myself when I had my hair cut like that before) and still  it lays straight down flat. I thought I'd be in good hands because she was a senior stylist, but that wasn't the case.\n\nOn a positive note, my fiancee saw Heather and she did a GREAT job. My fiancee has short, kinda punky yet professional hair, and it looks great! She said Heather was really nice, down to earth and made her very comfortable. She can defiantly work the razor scissors as well. \n\nAll in all, the stylists seem to get along really well, the salon itself is beautiful, and everyone, minus the pissy receptionist, was very kind and professional. However, if you can't get the hair cut you want, it's really not worth it. In my opinion, it is the aesthetics of the salon that really lure people in, not the overall talent.