The menu looked so promising! It got us to give BurGR a try with it's dressed up burgers at pretty reasonable prices.\n \n I can't decide if it was the service or the food that I found less impressive. The hostess was super friendly and the person helping our server was nice, but our server was off putting. He asked where we were from and when we said we were local, he responded with how the locals hadn't been good customers tonight and asked us why we would have come out to the strip if we lived here as if we'd made a mistake. Turns out, he was right. \n\n We ordered drinks and the jalapeño poppers, a burger, a hot dog and onion rings ($90 with a 20% tip). We had to ask for water while eating the poppers and did so only after he asked if we wanted another round of booze. \n\nHe came and checked on us when we had food in our mouths and said he always does that so people can't complain. If the service and food were good, that would be a cheesy but acceptable joke; as it were, it was irony. \n\n The poppers were decent; they were much bigger than we expected. They were served individually in shot glasses with dipping sauce at the bottom, which was probably why they were cold by the time you finished. \n\nThe Britannia burger was incredibly bland and surprisingly small; if you have a healthy appetite you will definitely want to order a side. \n\n The hot dog was served in what looked like folded in half french toast; it was impressive to look at, but when my girlfriend tried to eat it, it revealed itself to be awkward and the taste didn't make it worth the effort.\n\n The onion rings; how can you screw up onion rings, right? No, seriously, how did you manage to make onion rings that were so unappealing that we didn't eat them?\n\n The server came back to ask if we wanted desert with the check already in his hand and never came back to collect it. Thankfully we had exact change. It's pretty obvious to me that the locals not treating him well was because they weren't looking through vacation goggles that make everything seem great because, you know VEGAS, BABY! \n\nIt's also obvious from his approach that they don't really expect repeat clientele, but that's ok, because even if the service had been great, the food wasn't, so there really isn't any reason for us to go back.