AVOID, AVOID, AVOID!!!!!  I went to this dentist because his office is located very close to where I live.  Keep in mind, I'm in my 30's.  Never had a cavity in my life.  NOBODY in my family has cavities.  Up until my visit to this guy, my teeth were perfect.  \n\nHe uses this sonar wand thing that detects 'microcavities' that have yet to show up on an xray and tells me that my teeth are perfect EXCEPT for these 'microcavities'.  He scares the daylights out of me by telling me that unless I get 10 'microfillings' in my 'microcavities' they will be full blown cavities within 6 months.  Alarmed by this prediction, I set up an appointment to get 4 of these 'microfillings' put into 3 of my teeth immediately with the intention of getting the rest of my mouth done later.  I go in to get my teeth drilled on the next day and the anaesthesia he used was so strong, I felt like I was going to have a heart attack (I have had anaethesia before and it was never like this).  He proceeds to drill on my teeth and that was the beginning of my dental  problems.  For about a month and a half I suffered discomfort chewing and temperature sensitivity.  I finally call the office and complained and they tell me to come in for an 'adjustment'.  He does some more drilling and it seems a bit better, but still my teeth still don't feel the same.  A few weeks later, I notice a black dot on one of the teeth he has massacred.  I brush it and it appears to go away, however, I notice a very small cavity on that tooth that is going through the filling.  WTF?!?  I immediately make an appointment to see my old dentist (who's office is far from where I live, but has been my dentist for the last 11 years).\n\nI tell my dentist what this guy told me and did to me and I come to find out the 'microfillings' were COMPLETELY UNECESSARY!!!  My dentist just shook his head and said 'that's too bad'.  Everyone has small fissures in their teeth.  They are a cause for concern if you are a teenager, but for mature adults who maintain good dental hygiene, they are basically dormant and as long as you continue with good brushing habits, they will remain dormant.  \n\nMy old dentist proceeds to tell me that the dot I am seeing on my tooth is the result of an air bubble in the filling material that popped and exposed my drilled-on tooth to decay.  Now, after this M-F'er jacked my teeth up, I have a real cavity that is showing up on xrays.  My dentist told me I could go back to Douglas and have him fix the filling for free, I said ABSOLUTELY NO WAY IN HELL AM I LETTING THIS A-HOLE within a mile of my teeth.  I would rather pay my old dentist to fix this botch job.  Keep in mind that the reason I had this work done was because of the scare tactics he used.  Well it's been over 8 months and the 6 'microcavities' that I did not end up filling (because of my nightmare experience with the first 4) are NOT full blown cavities like I was scared into believing would happen.  In fact, the teeth on the side of my mouth that this guy did not touch are perfect.  So, now I have a real cavity in the tooth he jacked up and I have to suffer the rest of my life by being on the never ending hamster wheel of maintaining these unecessary fillings every 5 years.\n\nSo, the moral of the story is: Don't get seduced by all his high tech equipment.  Those kind of offices are all about the flash and sizzle and somebody has to pay for all that overhead and expensive equipment.  Guess what?  That somebody is YOU!  He will come up with any excuse to work on your teeth to generate revenue even if the work is COMPLETELY UNECESSARY like mine was.  If he mentions the word 'micro-filling' or 'micro-cavity' get out of your chair and RUN out of his office unless you want your mouth utterly destroyed.