I have been to Pawn Plaza a few times now and enjoyed most of what there is to offer. Pawn Plaza is a small strip mall made of shipping containers and the outside of them is hard to miss with noticeable bright colors of blue, yellow and red. Since each business is inside a shipping container and though some businesses take up more than one container, there isn't much room inside them aside from Rick's Rolling Smoke BBQ and Tavern which does offer a limited amount of seating and tables. Pawn Plaza has a 1st and 2nd level with seating and tables. Downstairs is best during the colder months because there is heat lamps above most of the tables. This last winter I met with a friend for dinner and was worried I'd be too cold, but sitting at one of the tables with a heat lamp above made it so I didn't feel cold and was able to comfortable enjoy my meal and company. Upstairs there weren't any heat lamps and it's pretty much open air. There are two sets of stairs and one elevator that will get you upstairs and back down and there are bathrooms. Rick Harrison of Pawn Stars fame owns Pawn Plaza and it's funny the amount of people that line up next door at the Gold & Silver Pawn Shop that he owns to try and get a picture when he can be found some nights tending bar here upstairs at Rick's Tavern. Rick was behind the bar one night when I was there recently and I have to say that while he did come over to take a picture with us, he really wasn't very friendly and seemed like he didn't really want to be there. Pawn Plaza has been pretty dead when I have visited which is too bad because there are some solid places for food and parking has been hassle free. If anything call and place an order for pick up at the pizza place and take it back to your home or hotel room and thank me later. \n\nCurrent tenants at Pawn Plaza:\n\nSmoke's Poutinerie - Located downstairs. Try this it's good! They even have vegetarian options and I really love that the gravy isn't overly salty, it's just right.\n\nRick's Rollin' Smoke BBQ and Tavern - Redneck Nachos are very good! Restaurant is downstairs and bar is upstairs, but food can be ordered from the bar. \n\nRita's Ice Custard Happiness - located downstairs and the perfect way to finish off a meal from one of the eateries is with some delicious Italian ice from here :)\n\nInna Gadda di Pizza - Located downstairs. If you are a fan of Secret Pizza (before it blew up on tv and became one of the worst kept secrets in vegas) then you will love the pizza here. It's opened by the creator of Secret Pizza and the prices (for now anyway) are very reasonable. The pizza and calzones are really tasty. Don't forget to ask for a stamp card. \n\nSo-Cal Speed Shop - Located upstairs. \n\nVegas Flip Flops - Located upstairs. \n\nPawn Plaza Vowel Renewal - Located upstairs. \n\nPawn Donut & Coffee - Located Downstairs. Owned by the same people behind Inna Gadda di Pizza, which is why you will find the days leftover donuts for sale at the pizza place, isn't really that great. I have had a few of the donuts from here and just wasn't impressed. I'll stick with the pizza and poutine!