I love Bikram Yoga, and I especially love this studio.\n\nBecause of some recent changes in my life, I've committed myself to doing certain things to improve myself as a person. I've done yoga in the past on a regular basis - and those were the times I felt spiritually and physically lighter. \n\nIf you're not familiar with Bikram, he's this Indian yogi who came up with a series of asanas, or poses, which are designed to increase blood flow to all the organs and muscles and tissues. The focus required is very mind clearing. The poses, performed in a 107 or so degree room, are designed to compress and stretch muscles and organs - compressing to push out blood, and stretching to fill them with fresh blood. Your body will eliminate many stored toxins. You'll lose weight and develop better muscle tone and you will feel mentally wonderful. The closest thing i can describe the feeling I have after 90 minutes of Bikram is to being high on drugs. Only you aren't - you've done something wonderful for yourself. \n\nThis particular studio is a Bikram franchise run by a lovely woman named Brooke. She has been practicing Yoga for years and when you meet her you'll see how it's effects radiate outward from her. There's a very inspirational story in an old New Times about her and how she came to do yoga. Literally - it saved her life. \n\nThe studio is at Central and Camelback, near AJ's, way way in the back corner and very easy to miss. Just to to the corner, past the fountain, and look to your left. \n\nAll the instructors are superb - they all have to be officially certified to teach Bikram. The studio is very clean. It is a very comfortable and peaceful environment. The instructors and other students are very friendly. The mens and womens dressing rooms are equipped with showers. You will sweat like you have never sweated before.\n\nThey have all kinds of specials for new members, and a number of different membership types ranging from blocks of classes to unlimited monthly membership. If you're starting out I suggest reading about Bikram Yoga first so you're prepared. Bring water, bring a large towel, bring a small towel. Dress comfortably. Take your shoes off at the door. You can rent a yoga mat if you're just trying it out for a couple dollars. \n\nI've been to a few other studios around town and this one is my absolute favorite.