Stayed at a nearby MGM resort and didn't get a chance to come here last time. Well, fortunately for me, I made it a priority to pay a visit here a few days ago.  If you are near Park Plaza or NYNY, this would be the place that would have the longest line hands down. However, it moves pretty quick and it's one of those places you order and you'll receive a buzzard while waiting. \n\nYou'll see a board of the menu or a plastic hand held version so you know what you should get here. Pretty much most people will get the single or double patty and it comes with the cheese. We tried that and also the Mushroom burger. Let's not forget the crinkle fries and the shakes here are just as popular amongst the crowds. Oh yeah, this place closes at 2am so it's pretty much busy all day long. \n\nThe regular burger is cooked thin and I would say medium rare. I thought it was good, but not great because I like a little char on the edges of the burger and I didn't get that. As for the fries, they reminded me like the cafeteria fries you get while in grade school. I'm sure Ore-Ida sells those in the freezer aisle as well. \n\nHowever, what won me over was the 'Shroom burger that deceivingly looks like an onion ring but when you bite into it, cheese oozes out and it was also crispy on the outside. Terrific burger with their potato bun. The shakes here are awesome, they taste just like ice cream and the lady over the counter made cookies and cream just for us. Like a secret menu kind of thing. \n\nOverall, food is good. The wait can be long for food (We waited 15 minutes longer than most people because we wanted unsalted fries).  The bathroom and tables were in dire need of a cleanup at 7pm. I basically had to clean a water spill at the only table I can get. They do have those wipes by the trash\/ketchup condiment station in which you can clean yourself as well. \nSo I probably wouldn't come back due to the wait but you can also DL their app so you can have it slightly quicker. The interior and music had this club like feel and the 4 different lemonades here are nice addition to the menu.