*3.5 stars*\n\nMy review is a little skewed as I came here for a private party. On that note, if you did want to host a party, DT Bistro has a great upstairs space that can fit around 20-25 people and there is a little kitchenette for drinks, teas, and coffees. It's quaint, cozy, and intimate.\n\nWhen I first walked in, there was no one to greet me, despite a sign saying \"Wait to be Seated.\" If I hadn't taken matters into my own hand, I don't know how long I would have waited; I had to go searching for someone to ask where was the party (I actually walked in the kitchen and it seemed like I was interrupting some heated convo). I was led upstairs and things changed for the better. I was asked what I wanted and I ordered a tea. Due to the size of the party, the brunch menu was trimmed down (so that the kitchen could cook our orders faster), but what I can tell you is that the portions are HUGE! I ordered a salad as an appetizer and then the Salmon with potato cakes as a main and each dish was sizeable. In other words, the salads can be main course and the main, although delish delish, was filling. I didn't have to eat the rest of the day so good spend of dollars.\n\nThe hostess of the event also ordered \"afternoon tea\" scones and jams for everyone which were really yummy. Again, I already filled myself up on those pastries. \n\nService was really accommodating for our big group. The waitresses attending to our group always had a smile and whatever we wanted, they got. For every dish and drink, they had to go downstairs than back upstairs to bring our food so the job was no lightweight. Despite all that, service was still great.\n\nThe bathroom is all the way downstairs (basement level) and when I ventured down, I didn't see any staff so not sure how service is for a regular dine-in experience.\n\nNaturally, desserts here are famous but because I was so stuffed, I couldn't try anything! When you walk in, and to your right, you can see all the artsy cakes on display. I was half tempted to order some cakes home, but alas, there was no one manning that station.\n\nDefinitely a local jaunt.