Although, I absolutely love my Yorkie, the HELL that I went through in order to get her was insane. Initially, I went in looking for a Yorkie but they didn't have any. I ended up falling in love with this tiny,white Maltipoo. $1700 later, she was mine. First few days went great, but she didn't seem to be eating enough. They said it was to be expected due to her adjusting to her new home. But, I got worried after the 3rd day. She had a runny nose, kept falling over when walking\/running, and still would not eat. I took her to the Vet and they couldn't find anything wrong, but they gave her a steroid shot and a high calorie gel since she wasn't eating. She died the next morning. \n\nDevastated, I called Puppy Boutique and informed Paul, the owner, of the news. He wanted me to take her to \"their\" Vet for an autopsy to find the cause of death. He did not want to make any promises to me about getting a new puppy until he found out why she died. \nCause of death was heart failure due to genetics.\n\nI couldn't go back right away, and when I finally did I just burst into tears. Paul did NOT like this at all as he pulled me into the private room, told me to calm down, I only had the dog for a week, and could not be attached to the puppy at all. He could not understand why I was crying. Are you kidding me!? He's very unprofessional, insensitive, and only out for money. \n\nI found a gorgeous Yorkie who was in a back cage under a heat lamp because she was sick. I wanted to see her and he was very hesitant. He said he had a man that kept calling for a small, pointy eared, female Yorkie, so he wanted to save her for him. I insisted and he finally let me see her. I wanted her, although sick, she was my dream puppy. He said I could have her for $2500, so I'd have to pay the difference from the previous puppy. That was fine. He wanted to keep her until she got better, which I understood. Finally, I was able to take her home and he changed her price last minute to $3000! We argued that that was not the price we agreed upon, we had a deal, especially after losing the first puppy (which he blamed on me for liking small dogs!) and after an hour, I settled for $2700. I never, ever, ever want to see this place again, and I hope it gets closed down. The puppies are adorable but they're all sick and from puppy mills! I'll definitely be adopting from now on!