First of all, reading some of the other reviews that rated it lower because they don't like sausages, you make me want to facepalm. It's called WVRST, practically wurst... which means sausage. That's like going to a sushi restaurant and rating it not so good because you don't like sushi. It just doesn't make a lot of sense to me.\n\nSo far I've been here twice now. I love the novelty of it. It's got a pretty interesting array of game meat sausages so if you're one of those people who have a meat bucket list (like I do), this place is perfect to scratch some of those weirder meats off your list. \n\nIt has a pub chiq atmosphere with communal tables and lively environment. If you're looking for a romantic private dinner, this is definitely not the place. When it gets packed it can get pretty rowdy and loud. In fact, the first time I went, there was an actual bouncer at the door letting people in and out to manage the space inside because it was so packed (this was during the late evening). If you go during the earlier times of the day it's much quieter.\n\nService is nice and friendly and helpful. If you ask them they can help you choose a beer pairing for your sausage that will compliment it nicely. They have a really nice beer list. I'm not a big beer fan so I opted for the cider. I have to give props to the bartender who was super friendly and upbeat!\n\nFor sausages that I have tried:\n\nWild Boar - I was excited to taste this because I've always been told wild boar is the king of the game meats. It was pleasant and had a mild sweet taste compared to other gamier meats. If you don't like a strong gamey taste, this would be a good pick.\n\nKangaroo - This was very gamey and quite lean. I personally love gamey meats so this was very nice for me. It is well spiced too.\n\nElk - By far my favorite. The cumin in the seasoning just sets this sausage off so well. It is more gamey than the Wild Boar but not intensely so. It also has this mild hint of mushroom taste that I found interesting.\n\nThe Duck Fat Fries:\nI don't know if there is any taste difference between these and their regular fries but they are some really really really damn good fries. I recommend the garlic and chives dipping sauce or you can do it the Belgium way and just get the plain mayo. I found the salting to be a little inconsistent on them as the second time I ordered these, they were really salty. Still very good despite that.\n\nThis isn't a restaurant I will go to regularly, but it's novelty is definitely great to share with friends who want to eat a little on the adventurous side.