Growing up in Madison as I did, you learn of the places that everyone that you know seem to know. Woodman's would definitely be one of them. When you step into the place, it's very very easy to see. Unless you are a late night shopper (yes, they are open 24 hours! This is the spot to go if you have a late night craving for... whatever!), you will ALWAYS walk in seeing... A third of Madison in there?\n\nThis Place during the day IS PACKED. The aisles are full of people, the lines are morbidly long and people end up being normal jerky people, and STILL everyone shops at this place. Even if you do end up being a late night shopper, THERE IS STILL A LOT OF PEOPLE IN THERE, not as much as you'd see during the day obviously, but still a pretty good amount. I still can't see someone at 2 AM leaving their house saying \" holy crap, I am in dire need of milk, I NEED IT NOW!!!\" It's mind boggling that so many people do their shopping this late at night.\n\nThen why do people shop here if its so damn busy? Simple: Price and Selection.\nThere is literally no other place you can go to find cheaper food in Madison. Woodman's is the low price king of food, bathroom stuff, booze, and yes, even condoms. Let's start off with the booze.\n\nThe Alcohol is in it's own little sub-area away from everything else. It's a little unfair to call it an area. I feel an entire other store is connected to Woodman's is more fitting. THE PLACE IS HUGE, filled wall to wall with glorious, amazing booze! Beer, Wine, Liquor, you  name it they will probably have it. There is little to no competition in selection when it comes to selection of booze. If you are looking for something psuedo-rare, I would check here first.\nDid I mention cheap? On average, I save anywhere from 2-7 dollars on each item I purchase here, and it seems the higher the price of stuff I buy, I usually save more as well. If you are planning a party, this is your place to go.\n\nLet's talk about food, bathroom stuff (personal hygiene), and condoms. Firstly, I chose to mention condoms specifically because of the price of them here.  Aside from getting them free at planned parenthood or a doctor, this is the cheapest place to go. Selection sucks (the only thing the store REALLY lacks in), but hey, it IS a grocery store. You can't expect the place to compete with a sex shop (by the way, any owner of a grocery store,  please put a sex shop in your store, it would be hilarious and amazing at the same time). Again, Cheap!\n\nNow Onto the food and such. Again,  the selection is absolutely amazing here! Even with their ethnic food selection, you can find a great deal of variety at this store. Asian food, mexican food, and other stuff too! It's worth checking out if you want a taste of food from other countries (and no, I am not talking about the americanized CRAP the american companies attempt at).\nMy only complaint with the food is that the produce isn't always up to snuff. It seems like its poorly taken care of and just thrown out there. It usually isn't a problem since so many people buy at this store and the food has a high turnover rate, but I've actually seen rotten food in some of the bins. I don't know about you, but that is unnacceptable to me. But I guess thats the price you pay for such a good deal. (copps is the best for produce I.M.O., aside of course from the farmers market or more organic focused stores)\n\nNext, I'd like to talk about Customer service, or better yet, the lack there of. If you go to woodmans expecting to find some guidance through the store or finding an item, you are basically out of luck. from the years and years I've gone to this store, it is a rarity to see any employees, except at the front for check-out. Customer service is virtually non-existent. If you do happen to see someone, they either don't know the answer to your question, or are too busy to help you... WHAT THE HECK! My outlook on this is that the store is like an expedition. Pretend you are a Pioneer and you are out to discover new foreign land (in this case food), and your experience will be fine. If you need to rely on some sort of help, bring a friend, because I can almost guarentee that someone who works will be much of help.\n\nLastly, The Check out service gets put under the microscope.\nCheck-out here sucks, I mean really sucks, unless you come to the store at night. To top off its suckiness, they don't allow credit cards, for supposed cost cutting measures (seems rational). Fortunately, if you despise cash and coin, you are still able to use any card that has a pin (read: debit card). With the latter provision, it doesnt really bother me, but I'm sure it would tick off some.\nSo lets review the main points:\n- BUSY. Go here late night to avoid the constant mob of people\n\n-Cheapest & biggest selection of Stuff you can find in Madison. Remember to go here for food, booze, personal hygiene stuff, and of course, condoms \n\n-Only Debit & Cash. Leave your Credit cards at home\n\nHope you enjoyed my review!