I always love being pleasantly surprised. I love driving to Scottsdale Airpark for Indian food, expecting nothing special (as to not get my hopes up) and being very pleasantly surprised. \n\nMr. Hottie was coming into town and I had Erin and Ayesha rounded up for dinner at another venue. Well, Mr. Hottie throws me a curve ball by texting me during a layover to state \"I'm craving Indian food.\" I think to myself \"Keep cool chica, sure you can find a good spot on last minute's notice!\" So I hop on Yelp and try to find a good Indian joint that is NOT located in the East Valley. Yay! Indian Palace pops up on my search. Suh-weet! So I alert my girls of the venue change and off we go! \n\nWhen we arrived at the strip mall location, and walked in, I noticed how big the place was! It reminded me of a big warehouse that was converted into a restaurant. I was also hit with the smell of spices and gravies which was actually impressive because this was on the eve of the complete loss of my sense of smell and taste due to a terrible cold. \n\nThe menu for dinner was quite large. I chose the Chicken Tikka Masala (my fave) while my dinner partners chose a few other dishes. Everything was delicious and made to order. I ordered my masala medium, while Ayesha ordered hers spicy and it seemed to come out as ordered. The one draw back that I had with this place is that they charge for rice to go with your meal, but we soon got over it and enjoyed our wonderful meal! \n\nI returned with Ayesha on a Sunday to try their lunch buffet. It was very good and large! For about 12 bucks, you had a choice of about 10-15 dishes, rice, naan, and a drink (champagne was an option for Sunday). On that day there was a very large birthday party being seated and I think they sat about 30-40 people with more revelers coming in the door. So, the restaurant is no small cafe, for sure! \n\nIndian Paradise is the place to go if you don't want to drive to Arizona's \"Silicon Valley\" (Chandler\/Ahwatukee area). Their food is flavorful, and delicious. I look forward to trying them again very soon!