Well, It's Restaurant Week once again in Las Vegas, and not to be left behind (so many fine offerings, but so little time), Diane, I, and a friend began with lunch here on Day 1.  It was a very good start to RW, but not without a few down notes.  Just my luck, this was the first day of MGM-Mirage's paid valet parking, which cost me $13 plus a $2 tip to help pay for the parking lot that the casino giant should have built before opening its new 20,000 seat T-Mobile Arena.  It is the valets who will suffer.  I used to always give a $5 tip but they will be lucky to receive anything now.  I noticed that none of the few drivers before me extended any tip at all when they claimed their vehicle, and I was profusely thanked for my token recognition of good service.  At least the pathway to the top of valet parking was wide open!\n\nThe other downer for me was that because I had just devoured a giant fillet of Pecan-Crusted Walleye Pike at Big Dog's less that 15 hours earlier, this time I was not in the mood for any more fish.  So instead I ordered the Irish Banger & mashed potatoes.  When I did so, in my mind two gravy-laced sausages appeared.  But on my plate there was only a single specimen.  I rechecked the menu, and--sure enough--\"Banger\" was reflected in the singular.  My mistake!  \n\nDiane's bowl of Tomato Gin Soup--which I got to eat--was a nice, creamy soup; and my Mixed Green Salad with Cherry Tomatoes, Red Onions, and Balsamic Vinaigrette a colorful and interesting first course. \n\nThe sausage was good, and the Mustard Mashed Potatoes and Mushroom Jus great, but one little sausage to me is not enough bang for my stomach.  Bread & Butter Pudding was sweet and filling, with lip-smacking sauce that almost made up for my dainty entree--but not quite.  Meanwhile, my two female companions very much enjoyed their two rounded golden hunks of battered Fish and Chips.  Good complimentary Soda Bread & Irish Butter helped to fill me up.\n\nCouch seating was comfortable, and service very good, with refills of ice as well as Iced Tea regularly supplied without request.\n\nA solid 4-star meal on the Strip at a very low price (just $20), for a good cause!