\"Let's start at the very beginning, a very good place to start.\" - Maria Von Trapp \n\nIn this case, a not so good place to start, Maria. I was instructed upon arrival to type my name into the iPad. My friend and I then waited in an actual designated Waiting Room for 45 minutes for our two-person table. The hostess was literally running around the floor, bangs flying back from her face, shouting a mile-a-minute at waitstaff and customers. She approached us at one point to show us to our table... which was actually a table for Tina, party of five (not a reference to the show in any way). The hostess then asked for my name again, and instead of waiting for an answer, picked up the phone and completely ignored me.\n\nFinally, we were seated near the sauce station. We had not one but two servers come to our table and then say \"just one minute\" and dart away elsewhere. Our server(s) were actually very friendly and helpful with the menu and explanation of the hot pot process, as we were first timers. One of our servers even waved over a co-worker to ask for the English translation on an item we asked about. \n\nThe food itself was adequate. I have no real criticisms as I have no previous hot pot experience to compare it to. We ordered a vast array of items, mostly meats, meatballs, mushrooms and shrimp. The spicy soup bases are actually spicy. There was a well-stocked sauce-bar with accompanying spring rolls and toppings. One dish we ordered came twice. Some dishes we ordered didn't come at all. The ice cream at the end of the meal was a welcome treat. \n\nThere's also this one spice or something that was on a few things we ordered and it's not even spicy -- it just makes your whole mouth crazy numb. At first, you're like okay, weird. Then as it progresses you're like \"this feels not great\", so you take a sip of water. HUGE MISTAKE. It's like your tongue just did a thousand crunches and is now taking a horribly somehow hot ice bath. \n\nWhen it finally came time to pay, they were taking cash only. A sign on the door or something would have been nice. Instead I had to run across the street to the ATM at Little Sheep Mongolian Hot Pot to pick up cash. Speaking of which, it smelled AMAZING in there, so if I was going to try hot pot again, I might go the Little Sheep route. It's also not cheap -- the AYCE on a weeknight was about $25 but there's an additional charge for the soup bases themselves. The bill also showed a $7 charge for... something. It wasn't English, and I didn't feel like waiting any longer to ask, considering this was a nearly three-hour ordeal. All in all, our meal came to $66 including taxes, not tip.