If you are looking to stay somewhere classy with all the perks, Trump International is where you want to be. It's nice because the hotel is close enough to the strip without being directly on the strip with all of the crowd. It's slightly off the strip just across the Fashion Show shopping mall, and adjacent to Encore. With easy access from Hwy 15, we were able to get to the hotel with no problems.\n\nThey offer free parking and valet at a slight cost. We highly recommend the valet because the workers are really quick and attentive. The hotel is fully landscaped very beautifully from the outside and avian very classy decor. \nWe were able to check-in within minutes and the front desk gal who helped us, Jenny was very very nice. She had mentioned that they upgraded our one bedroom to the one bedroom superior deluxe suite which was awesome! Please refer to my pictures, our room upgrade was beyond gorgeous. \n\nAs we walked through the hotel lobby to the elevators the decor is just absolutely gorgeous and just classy all around. The hotel also has a distinct yummy smell and just smells fresh.\n\nAs we walked into our suite, I was completely taken back, it was huge for my husband and I. There was a kitchen to the right, a dinning table in the center and a huge living room with an awesome view of downtown Lv. Just to the right before heading into the master suite there was a full bathroom that included a shower. \nThe master bed was huge. We have a California king at home, so it was nice that the bed reminded us of home- it was super comfy too! \nThe biggest surprise was the master bathroom! Again, please check out my pictures, although they don't do justice this was the biggest bathroom I have ever seen in my life! Definitely my dream bathroom! \n\nAlong with your resort fee of $29, they offer a shuttle that takes you to Ceasars Palace which runs every 1 minutes, this is great- saves you money on stupid taxis that over charge. \n\nOn our last day we ordered room service. Expect room service prices, but if you need something quick and easy to cure the common hang over order the fruit smoothies, oatmeal with berries and the fresh croissant, totally worth it.\n\nOverall we loved and enjoyed our stay at the Trump. Will we be returning customers? Oh yeah!