Well, here's my update as promised:  We did take advantage of our free offering -- one weekend night in Courtyard by Marriott New York Downtown Manhattan\/World Trade Center Area, 133 Greenwich St.  It was a wonderful hotel\/room\/location for us.\nWas it worth the whole ordeal?  We were going to NYC anyway so a free room (you have to pay some tax fees) -- yes.\n\nHere's the thing -- this is a company who\n1)  promotes what they sell -- wholesale vacations -- by having you sign up for something in a wee bit of a deceptive manner.  By that, I mean, you signed up by entering your name and phone number on something perhaps thinking it was a chance to \"win\" something free of charge. For me it was filling out a form at the Three Rivers Art Festival and dropping it in a box.  Did I read it?  Heck no.  Did I figure it probably had a catch?  Heck yes.  Most do now-a-days.  \n\n2) offers you something free with a catch as part of that promotion.  They call you up based on your giving your phone number to them on that slip of paper.  You did just give them that right even though you didn't read what you were agreeing to.  In our case it was 2 free Pirates tickets, free dinner at Del Frisco's (well, free up to 50.00, enough to pay for part of a meal for one), and either 2 week nights or 1 weekend night  in a nice hotel in a choice of a couple nice cities.  The catch being you have to come in and sit through an hour presentation of their wholesale vacation system.  Sigh, ok.  It's just down the road from us; an hour is not too bad to say \"no\" and come home with freebies and the freebies are something we can truly use.  \n\n3) is pretty straight-forward with their pitch and game.  I say pretty straight-forward because, as already stated, they get you to sign-up for what you hope is free a bit slyly and they do try to get you to sign-up not once, not twice, but three times before giving you your gifts (note their fine print specifically says they are gifts and not prizes (must be some legal reasons for it)).  So, you come in, listen to the pitch in a group of others who \"won\" the same gifts from a nice salesperson with slides about the places they offer.  It's not a bad pitch and he's not pushy.  He states what they sale, the prices, the fees, all of it.  At the end of the hour (or less), he hands you over to your own salesperson.\n\n4) Tries 3 times to get you to purchase their wholesale vacation package or some version of it.  First, you get your own salesperson to sit down with you one-on-one to go over what the group salesperson talked about.  He is still not overly pushy if you remain steadfast on what you want and don't want.  Be cool and don't volunteer a lot and you'll get out of here faster and with all your money intact.  Or, if you like what he says, go for it.  I can't say it sounded bad.  It's just that we signed up for freebies and that's what we wanted -- freebies.  If you are steadfast and state you are not interested (DO NOT get into the why's.... you'll get out faster by them not being able to talk you out of your \"why not\".), then the salesperson will get their upper level salesperson.  That person is still nice but you need to hold fast to your claim it's just not for you, thought it sounds nice.  His spiel will be \"OK, you don't want the previous packages, what about this one -- lower in options but lower in price, too.  Hold fast and don't bite or, if it sounds like what you want, go for it.  If you don't accept this offer, both salespeople will shake your hand, smile, and direct you to one last person to get your freebies at last.  But, wait.... this is where you might let down your guard, thinking you're home free at last.  Not quite.  This person, while giving you your freebies, is just making conversation and asks you what you liked and didn't like about their package and presentation.  Sounds ok.  So you answer.  Sigh.... Don't!  Hold fast and, again, just say, it's great but not for you.  You'll get out faster.  Because, this is their cleverest move.  Your guard is down, you're almost home and you've given them a \"why not\" they can still address. \"Well, what if you didn't have to pay so much or commit so much; we have this one last option that might appeal to you...\".  Sigh, if it does, then do it.  If not, say, \"no thanks\" politely one last time -- the third time -- and they will shake your hand, smile, and finally let you go, though you'll still be skeptical you can reach the door in sight and get out with your freebies and you wallet intact.  But, it can be done.  I'm here to prove it.  Once we go to our Pirates game, book our Hilton hotel in NYC, and dine at Del Frisco's, I'll update the review.\n\nBottom line, go, spend an hour smiling and HOLD STEADFAST to saying \"no thanks; it's not for us\" repeatedly until you get out the door with your freebies and you'll be fine.  And, if you're inclined to want what they have to offer, then that's fine, too, but think, don't be rushed into anything on the spot