Well... this place has lost my business. I live in the area and frequented this place. It's got a good ambiance to study and they have really delicious matcha green tea lattes. \n\nI went in to study a little over a month ago. I set my stuff down and ordered my drink. While I was waiting to hear my name called, I noticed my wifi wasn't connecting. I rebooted my computer and it didn't work. I picked up my drink from the counter and asked the young girl if she could have someone reboot the router. She seemed annoyed\/stressed about something, and just nodded and brushed me off. I waited about 10 more minutes... when I noticed the manager going back upstairs to his office. I figured she told him... so I gave it another sec... still nothing. I asked the people around me if they were also having problems. One girl was using a hot spot because she also couldn't connect, and the kid next to me had his own internet. I asked her again nicely. She snapped at me. She told me, \"no one else is complaining. It's your computer. Reboot it.\" I told her I did, and that wasn't the problem. I also told her the young lady next to me was also having an issue. She then went on to tell me their computer system is connected to the router and they couldn't reboot because of credit cards. *its an open wifi system... no password... and they have had to reboot it twice in the past for me. At that point, I had to clench my jaw and breathe. \"You're telling me you're running credit cards over a insecure connection?\" She got quiet, told me there was nothing they could do and walked away. I spent 9.50 on a lattes...8.00 plus a tip... I didn't even get to enjoy my drink. I left it. If I'm spending GUCCI prices I expect GUCCI service. Never again. Never ever again. I did however discover the cuppa in downtown summerlin due to her inability to help me out. \n\nI called her manager and guess who answered the phone? Yep... you guessed it. She kept asking what it was about and I just kept asking to speak to her manager. After speaking to her manager and getting a weak apology and what felt like excuses mixed in with apologies, he also mentioned that she did ask him to reboot the router when she went up to tell him he had a phone call! \n\nService is everything to me. Samba, you're lack of service and waste of my time cost me 9.50 and precious paper writing time. However, it cost you a frequent and loyal customer. I will never recommend or patronized your business.