I had a myVegas comp for the buffet and used it last night.  I was surprised by the get your own drinks, but that's OK with me.  I didn't have to wait for anyone other than myself.\n\nI started by doing a walk through of the entire area to see what they had.  I ended up starting with salads.  I had macaroni salad-pretty standard and OK.  The western salad was shredded lettuce with red bell pepper and fresh jalapeño rounds.  This salad had a nice kick and was quite good.  I also had some couscous which also was good.  I did find some bread sticks by the salad station.  In the regular roll area, they had standard large rolls.  They were out of butter packets so only small margarine containers were available.  The breadstick didn't need it.\n\nI then went to the carving area and he had a new piece of beef.  This is not prime rib.  It looked like it was a rectangle of beef and it looked well done.  When I asked the gentleman where had all the nice rare meat gone that had been there when I did my walk through, he cut the beef in half and gave me a nice slice from the less done inside.  I got a piece of bok choy, some hush puppies, and a macadamia crusted chicken breast with apricot.  There was no  macadamia nut flavor at all.  The apricot gave the chicken some taste rather than being plain chicken.\n\nI then went to the desserts.  They had a fairly nice selection of the small plastic cups that are appearing in buffets everywhere.  My first plate had a panna cotta with a lemon top filling with a fresh raspberry, flan with a fresh blackberry and some chopped nuts, and a small container of chocolate trifle.  The panna cotta and the chocolate trifle were great--the flan less so.\n\nSecond dessert plate had a macadamia nut cookie, a small pastry filled with vanilla cream and another fresh raspberry, and the star of the desserts, an Oreo cookie cheesecake.\n\nThe buffet was OK.  For the $22 they charge, you're not getting the kind of fare you'd get at the Bellagio or other property but they also charge $10 or more.  I wouldn't drive to the Strip to pay for this buffet.  We have a lot better choices in our locals casinos not on the Strip.  But for a comp, it was a nice dinner.  And I really did like the fact that I got more iced tea anytime I wanted without waiting.\n\nFinally, every time I left my table, it was bussed before I got back.  That's not something that happens at all buffets.  I saw several people leaving last night without leaving even a dollar for the bus person.  I know I did most of the work, but he cleaned my table before, during, and after my dinner there last night.  He and the other wait staff deserve a tip!