As I sat there chomping away at my freshly made sandwich I started to contemplate how to write my review for this place.  While alternating between my sandwich in hand and the side of mac n cheese that I ordered I kept thinking to myself how this place, even though it states that it has been around for 50 years or so, had so little reviews.  I kept gnawing away at the sandwich and thought to myself what adjectives could I use to convey how fresh and well flavored this way.\n\nAll while I'm doing this I watch as the workers interacted so well with customers as they walked in.  Especially giving extra attention to what appears to be the regulars.  The workers were so upbeat, pleasant and really invested in the well being of every customer that came through the door.  With every customer exiting they made sure to chime in with an \"Enjoy your day\" as they walked out onto the sidewalk.\n\nNearing the midpoint of my sandwich, I noticed that the interior was inviting and that there was enough seating to make sure that you could enjoy your quick lunch, such as what I was doing.  Simple colors make for a decent atmosphere.  I scan the few items hanging on the walls and keep thinking to myself this is so good.\n\nThen, as I near the end of my sandwich, all gears in my head stop.  Why?  I had taken a bit and clamped down on something that was not meat, lettuce, cheese or bread.  I try not to panic and calmly reach up to my mouth slowly as to not draw attention to myself or the situation.  What I end up pulling from my teeth is a twist tie.  The one and the same that you use to secure you bread bags.  I am fairly sure that at least one worker saw me as I examined what appeared to be a tie from a batch of bread that came in on a Friday.  If you didn't know, that means the twist tie was white.  At least I knew the bread was fresh.  Hey, I wasn't going to let that devastate my day, I had to look on the positive side.  Plus I had mac n cheese to distract me from what I just happened.  \n\nAfter finishing my mac n cheese and bottled water, I headed for the trash\/recycling and out the door.  Funny thing was, I didn't hear them tell me to \"Enjoy my day.\"