We finally stayed at the Cosmopolitan. We've been there numerous times, enjoying drinks at The Chandelier, eating at various places, watching music at Book and Stage, etc. But, with an offer of a free room, we finally booked a weekend.  The shortest version of our impression of the place: Inconsistent.  Some things are awesome (the music played throughout the casino, the cool vibe, terraces overlooking the city, certain employees were super friendly and helpful, and the aforementioned places) whereas other things were so mediocre\/bad that I don't think they'll get any of my hotel or gambling $ in the future. With free rooms available to us at The Palazzo (which has better service and more gambling options), why would I spend hundreds on a room to receive unacceptable service?  This is part of an email I sent to The Cosmopolitan, letting them know about the good & bad parts of our stay:\n\n-Housekeeping needs a bit of work. We didn't have all our towels replaced, nor did the housekeeper take out all our trash; glasses were left behind after the room was 'cleaned.'  \n-We also received mediocre service from most of the cocktail servers, and flat-out terrible service from 2 in particular; I wish I had their names.  Both instances occurred Saturday night (Feb 18th); the first a little earlier in the evening (6ish) and the second later in the night (around 10ish). The 1st server had darker hair that got lighter at the bottom (ombre-style) and had a piercing on her face.  She was generally unpleasant to start, but I ordered a Ketel Soda with Lime and asked for a bottle of water. She returned with the drink and no water. After tipping her $2, I received an indifferent response. After she walked away I tasted my drink and it was unfortunately incorrect. I realize that isn't necessarily her mistake; I flag her down & let her know that instead of vodka with soda water, it's vodka with sprite. She gives me a dirty look and says, \"It is?\" like I'm making it up or something. No apology, no 'let me fix that for you,' nothing. So I say \"yes, it is. May I have one that is correct please? And, can I get a water?\" She finally returns and says, with a smirk on her face, \"Do you want to taste that?\" Of course I do. It was fine, but the 15 minute process, full of her poor attitude put a damper on the festive environment going on downstairs; it is not conducive to gambling!  The 2nd instance was worse! Later in the evening, my husband & I are gambling and an auburn\/reddish haired server came over and asked if we needed drinks. He orders his & I order a cosmopolitan and a bottle of water. I am nothing, if not consistent =)  She returns a while later (it was busy, to be fair to her) with the drinks, and no water. We hand her $5 & I ask her about the water. She'll grab one, she says.  About 10 or so minutes later, she happens to come by to see if we needed more drinks (seeming to forget she never brought me the water), which we didn't, but I did ask her for a bottle of water. She returns a while later with the water and I say \"thank you.\"  She just stands there for a second & asks if we need anything else, to which I respond \"no, we're good.\" So she just stands there & then says, \"Should I wait?\" At this point I realize she's essentially asking for a tip, for the water I asked her 3 times for, & after she already got $5 for not bringing what we asked for originally.  So I say, \"No, we're good.\" She honestly gave me the dirtiest look that I have ever received from someone I'm giving money to & says \"ooooookay\" with the bitchiest tone.  Honestly, if my husband wasn't winning on that machine & was going to want more drinks, she would have gotten an earful from me about her attitude; it is unacceptable to treat any customers like that. I am still angry about it now. With that kind of service, what is the point of spending money in your casino? I do love the ambience there, I love Book and Stage, I love the pizza place, etc., but I don't need to gamble there to enjoy those things.  Someone needs to handle servers like these so they stop driving customers away. When I'm spending good money & my night is ruined by terrible service, no amount of cool music or chic decor can make up for that.  Your cocktail servers need an attitude adjustment, or perhaps to not work with people.\n\nI felt someone needed to know so that you have a chance to make things right and preserve your customer base.\n\nSo we receive a response from Carlo Chavez, a Resort Manager. His message thanks us, apologizes, & tells us he'd like to make things right. I contact him and his offer to 'make things right' consisted of \"helping us make a reservation\" & a room upgrade (for a room we're expected to pay full price for). No thank you, sir! Back to The Palazzo we go.  Beware of inconsistencies at The Cosmopolitan; they think they're too cool to be classy with service.