I had some clients in town and someone suggested Banderas. I had never been there so thought we would give it a try. Call them around noon and made a reservation at 7:15 pm for 9 people. A couple of the people in our party had gone to the Waste Management Open that day but the rest of us went to the restaurant directly from work. We arrived around 6:45 and had a beer while we waited for our table which was finally ready around 730pm. At that time they informed us that they could not accept parties larger than 5 or 6 and they would  be sitting us a two different tables. We asked if they could just push two tables together and we were told no! \n\nThe hostess sat the first table of 4 and then came back for the rest of us a few minutes later. She asked where the rest of our party was in which I said that they were all seated or outside on the phone and that they could go ahead and seat us. The hostess refused to seat us and said that she needed to make sure we only sat 5 people at our table. That was the sole reason she wouldnt go ahead and seat us. She could not trust that we would sit 5 person per table. Frustrated and upset I informed her that were were all business professional adults and know how to count, that we would sit the correct amount of people per table. She finally sat us.\n\nThe waitress brought us waters and asked if we wanted anything, at that time we ordered apps. She came back later while I was in the middle of a conversation with one of my clients and when I didn't acknowledge her right away I noticed she stormed off with nasty look on her face. About 10 minutes later, she returned and asked if we were ready to order, we said yes, the first question was from my wife who asked what the house soup was, in which she said \"we don't have one\" in a rude way. One of my clients tried to order the grilled artichokes which is highlighted on the menu as a specialty, the waitress said \" we are out of that too\" so he picked something else. I ordered last and asked for the house special French Dip, she replied \"Oh we are out of that too.\" It took me a minute to find another dish as the menu was not to my liking. \n\nA few minutes later after the waitress left I commented to the table about the bad service from her. I clearly pointed out the fact that she was rude, did not talk to the table about any restaurant specials or inform us what the kitchen was out of, I told the table she was not very good at her job. While I was talking about her i did not realize she was at a server station behind me, listening the whole time. About 5 mins later she returned to the table to bring silverware, my wife asked if she could have another Margarita. At that time the waitress informed us that she was cutting off the whole table, I informed her politely that all most of us where on our first or second drink. (One of my clients had been to the PHX Open that day and was buzzed but very quiet). She reiterated that we were cut off. I replied that I would like to see the manager. When the manager came I calmly explained to her the whole experience, situation and fact that the server cut us off because I made a comment that she was a bad waitress, that she was merely being vindictive and retaliatory because of my comment and while the manager understood she did support her server by stating   \"I am not going to go against my server.\" In the same breath, she looked at my wife and said I'm sure we can get you another margarita, (because we were not intoxicated) but it never came.\n\nBased on this incredibly poor experience I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone.