I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy. I brought my wedding shoes here to have them dyed to match my gown. Upon dropping them off, I was told the whole process would take two weeks. I would need to come in and approve a dye sample and then they would dye them. Fabulous. I had over a month until my wedding. That was plenty of time. \n\nAfter the first week, when I had not received a call about a dye sample, I called to see if there was a problem. I talked to Ron, and he said that my initial impression that it would take two weeks was wrong. He said he was \"working on it\" and would call me at the end of the week. Well, the end of the week came, and no call. It had now been two weeks. I called again at the beginning of the third week and still no dye sample, but he promised to call me when he had it done. More phone calls (during which he thought I wanted my shoes 1) red and 2) blue) and another week passed without a dye sample. \n\nI was getting more nervous because my wedding date was fast approaching and I still did not have my shoes. It was also getting to the point where I really could not take them anywhere else without putting them in a bind. Finally, I got a dye sample during the fourth week, but it was not right. He also thought I had brought in two pairs of shoes to be dyed. \n\nNow I was really worried. I had a week until I needed the shoes for a fitting. I reminded him that I absolutely needed the shoes by the end of the week. He took another few days to come up with another dye sample. I went in and it was not great, but it was better than having bright white shoes with a blush-colored dress. I approved the dye sample, and he promised to have the shoes dyed and ready the next day at lunchtime. \n\nI went in the next day over my lunch hour to pick up my shoes, happy that at least this ordeal was over. My dress fitting was that night, and I had to have the shoes for the fitting. I looked at the shoes, and he had done absolutely nothing. He had my shoes for over a month, and they looked just as pristine white as they did when I first bought them. He had also stored my dye sample with a different pair of shoes, and thought they were mine. \n\nI have washed my hands of them. I collected my dye sample and my shoes, and I plan on going to Monona Bootery who has promised to help me even on short notice.