What happens when you go to a restaurant where the food, service, and prices are nothing to write home about? In my case you write a review that is nothing to write home about. \n\n  If it weren't for somebody at work, I would never have caught Rosati's act. It is hidden in the 99 Cents shopping center at the southeast corner of Eastern Avenue at Warm Springs Road. However, the individual I talked to at work told me that I have to try Rosati's pizza. After dining in Rosati's I wonder if that person at work has tried Verazzano down the street, Grimaldi's, or Metro Pizza. \n\n  Yesterday driving back from Red Rock Canyon in the pouring rain, I figured that I would give Rosati's a try. When I walked in the older lady at the counter told me to sit anywhere. With both dining rooms being sparsely populated I chose a table nearer the counter. On this rainy Saturday afternoon they seemed to be doing a great deal more take out business. With that observation aside, she asked me what I wanted to drink while presenting me with a menu. \n\n  It took me a while deciding what to order. Not because everything seemed so good. Not at all. It took me so long to decide what to order because everything on it seemed higher price and menu offerings that I find at many pizzerias and Italian restaurants were missing here. This included individual slices of pizza, eggplant parmegaina, and my favorite the eggplant parmegaina sub. After the second time that the waitress checked in on me, I asked her if they serve individual slices of pizza. She responded to the inquiry by saying that they only serve slices during their weekday special. Now that I sipped some of the Coke and was too embarrassed to return to the rain soaked streets of Vegas, I decided on the six chicken wings. \n\n   The six chicken wings seemed to be close to the only entree on the menu under $10. Earlier I had myself a big breakfast in the Del Mar Deli and did not build enough of an appetite to spend around $20 for a dinner. The six chicken wings costed $6.95 and the bottomless Coke costed $2. Several minutes went by until the waitress presented the wings to my table. I ordered the spicy chicken wings with ranch sauce. They had a decent taste to them. But in similar style to chicken wings they were extremely sticky. I got good use of the napkins. That's for sure. \n\n   As far as service, just like the place it was nothing to write home about. The waitress was neither nasty nor friendly. It would have been appreciated  if she would of asked me if I could of used more Coke. After a few hours of hiking in Red Rock Canyon, I could of used a top off of Coke. Finally when I paid at the counter, I let her know that I left her tip on the table. She gave me the attitude of, \"whatever.\" There was a warmth to Rosati's that was missing. \n\n   When there is nothing to write home about a restaurant there is an infinitesimal chance of it being my home away from home. I don't live in Siberia. The reality is that there is far better competition within a couple of miles of Rosati's that includes Verazzano Pizza, Mama Depalma's, Metro Pizza, and Grimaldi's.