They were hired to clean my bf's house when he moved out. They had a list to go off of that was printed off of their website specifically for move out cleanings. It was not a list that was made by me or my bf.\n\nNow you might be wondering how i got involved in all this... Well i got involved, since the 2 ladies that were sent to clean could NOT do their jobs...i was on my hands and knees cleaning up what they should have done before the landlord came over to do walk through the second time. Oh yes did i forget to mention that they were called back because they did such a crappy job the first time, that they had to come back to reclean the house? Because it was still dusty, counters were filthy and showers were left dirty and covered in spots amongst other things...\n\nSo let's begin with why the 1 star rating. Honestly if i could've, i would have given a negative score.\n\nLet's start from the beginning...2 ladies were sent over for 4 hours for a total of $240 to clean the house. Mind you they had the list that was printed from THEIR website with \"clean baseboards\" hand written in to ensure that they would get the baseboards. Look at the pictures and i can tell you that they DID NOT CLEAN the baseboards, fans, a\/c vents, the floors near appliances, the bathroom sink fixtures, the cabinets, the shower walls, the carpets, the wooden floors, the garage, the counters... Mind you all of the above items are listed on their website not something that was requested. \n\nSo if they have this list created to \"help\" customers that are moving out, why can't they train their staff to follow this list???\n\nThey sent the same 2 ladies to reclean the house... One was named Melissa and she was in charge with another lady that was assisting her... They were called back because i checked their work after the first 4 hours and i told my bf to get them back because they did a crappy horrible job...the landlord concurred when he came to check the house the first time.\n\nI wanted to be there when the ladies came to clean but because of a doctor's appointment , i was not there. But i got there as soon as possible after they left and OMG. They left everything dirty again. Yeah 1.5 hours later, all they had cleaned was the dishwasher.  And to top that off, they were giving my bf attitude because they had to come back to reclean the house that they messed up on. And on top of that, they lied to my bf and told him that cleaning the garage would cost extra... But if you look at the cleaning list on their website, the garage is included in the move out cleaning. And they told Gil, their boss that they couldn't clean it because it was dirty. So what's the real story? Was it dirty or was it going cost extra??? \n\nLook at the before and after pictures. Before is what i saw the AFTER the second time that they had been there... And the after pics are what my bf and i did to clean house to pass inspection. \n\nAnd the icing to top this entire fiasco off was the 2 conversations i had with their manager Gil at the office. First when a customer is calling to complain, do not interrupt them... It just makes them more frustrated. Secondly, do not talk down to them like the customer(me) is an idiot. He basically was telling me that i needed to have reasonable expectations and that they could not make anything look new... Thirdly, do not hang up on them when i tell you that i am using the pictures that i am sending you as references to the crappy job done by his staff. Because that is what i did, i sent 6 pictures to him to show him what a crappy job they did and all he could do was hang up on me, when i told him i was writing a review.\n\nAll Gil could do was stand behind his crappy crew and tell me that they use ecolab chemicals to clean the houses. Well apparently, they have never heard of elbow grease cuz that's what it took to clean up the mess that the \"professional\" Mayberry Maids could not clean.  All Gil could tell me was that they cannot make the appliances new... Like i ever asked them to be new... All i asked was that they be clean. Apparently, asking for his Mayberry Maids to clean the house properly was having too high of an expectation. Apparently, I'm supposed to have reasonable expectations as he told me multiple times over the phone.  But I'm telling you right now that his definition of reasonable and my definition of reasonable are total opposite ends of the spectrum.  If you saw the mess and saw how dirty the house was after they spent close to 6 hours cleaning it... You would be as frustrated as i am.\n\nWould i ever use them again? Omg do i look as stupid as Gil thinks i am... HECK NO, I WOULD never ever ever use them. Shoot with the way they clean, i might as well save the money and clean it myself...oh wait...i paid and I still had to clean.  Lesson learned