We went to Little Saigon a few months ago, with the expectation that this is gonna be one of the few places with great Vietnamese food we can fall back on when we crave it due to all the great reviews on Yelp. However, just like another one in Cave Creek, it blew away my expectations, and not in a good way. I dunno what it is, but maybe since I'm Asian and I go to Vietnamese restaurants you can give us crap food and crap service? Hell, I don't even care about the service, all I really care about is the food.\n\nService - ok. barely. nobody bothered to refill our drinks, even though we were right outside the kitchen, with NOBODY else there dining at the time. The girl took forever to come take our order, messed up our order, and had trouble with the credit card machine afterwards as well. Damn. If you were new (don't know for sure) at least let us know what to expect.\n\nFood: We ordered spring rolls, chicken pho, cold noodles, and the infamous #55 spare ribs that many people raved about via quick tips at the time.\n\nSpring rolls: Ok, but the peanut sauce tasted like...well...let's just say water would've had more flavor. How can you mess up peanut sauce?\n\nPho: not bad, but nothing great to write home about.\n\nCold noodles: see above \n\ninfamous #55 spare ribs: Well, I don't really know. When we got this thing in a clay pot, we opened it, and there were pieces of fish. We were like WTF? We asked the waitress, to which she replied, yes, that's #55. We asked if #55 was fish, and not spare ribs, to which the waitress replied yes. She then goes back into the kitchen, and moments later, the cook comes out, asks us if we wanted spare ribs, which we confirmed. He then said he would cook us the spare ribs, and took away the clay pot full of fish. It wouldn't have been so bad if the spare ribs were amazing, but what came back was a few lumps of meat on bone that was submerged in black pepper. Of course, there were no apologies. If you go to their website and look at their menu, #55 is clearly NOT fish.\n\nAfter we finished what barely passed as dinner, we got our bill, and gave our dedit card to the waitress. She seemed to have a lot of trouble with the credit card machine, and apparently entered in the wrong amount the first time, so she had to do a refund and start a new transaction. Normally, not a big deal. However, she was fumbling around, not saying anything, then going in and out the kitchen with our debit card, then finally someone showed her what to do. In the meantime, we were starting to wonder if they had taken down our debit card number, and if our checking account was going to be wiped out by the time we got home (did not, thank god). \n\nNeedless to say, we won't be back...