Pasta buffet until 9pm.\n\nLet me tell you, this was awkward! We walked in and were greeted by 2 employees. Not a single person in the place. Before we were even sat the hostess drug us over to a buffet table and began telling us about the homemade lasagna, breadsticks, salad, and whatever else was up there. She then sat us and was joined by another woman, that makes 3 people standing at our table.  Okay so we sat down and I said, politely \"okay, so what next?\" We ordered drinks and then I was  escorted back to the buffet table, yes by all 3 women.  Now if this couldn't get any weirder, another person showed up, this time a man (the cook). He wanted to tell us all about the lasagna he made earlier and how great it was.  I don't know about ya'll, but I really don't care for an audience especially and audience who happens to be the creator of the dish I just might pass up.  I really felt obligated to try everything this guy cooked and I still had his 3 ladies standing behind me.  I kid you not, the 4 of us stood there and decided what I might like to eat.  To make matters worse, they had a create your own pasta bar, good lord I wanted to die.  After plating some of everything from the first buffet I was shoved over to the create your own side.  This was by far the worst part.  I wanted to check out my options then maybe sit down and think about it first, but nope that wasn't an option.  With 3 ladies and 1 cook with me I choose my pasta, sauce, veggies and spices and I got a big ol' plate of something I really didn't want.  I made the mistake of calling penne, rigatoni and was given a 5 minute lecture as to the difference between penne pasta and rigatoni! Yes I know the difference, I just made a mistake, maybe because I had 4 people watching me and all I wanted to do was get the hell out of there.  I finally made it back to my seat and my 4 friends never left my side. All 4 of them stood a few feet away and watched every single bite I took. I eventually had to say something and since it was so bizarre I couldn't help but to laugh hysterically. I said \"is this for real?\" The 4 spectators didn't understand what I was asking nor did they understand how uncomfortable they had made myself and my boyfriend.  I ate as fast as I possible could with all them watching. They, all 4 brought my check, change and watched as I tipped. Oh, yeah you wanted to know about the food right? Well, it was pretty good actually.  Now, do I recommend it? No way! I would never subject a fellow yelper to such a horrible dining experience.  Now that it's over and I look back, I can laugh even harder then when It was happening. Must say this is by far the craziest dinner I've ever had!