Penrose Academy is a world renowned Cosmetology and Skin Therapy academy located in Central Scottsdale. My wife is a recent graduate of their Skin Therapy school, so, as a supportive spouse, I've spent a little time here having treatments done. Having never been to a skin therapist in the past, I can't really compare the prices here versus at a spa out in the real world. However, according to my wife (and every woman I've ever talked to about this), the value you get by having treatments done at the Academy is nothing short of phenomenal.\n\nJust before my wife graduated, I told her I was going to get a haircut at my usual place. She reminded me (oh so subtly), \"Hey, dummy! My school also cuts hair.\" The thought had never really occurred to me to have my hair cut at a beauty school. I always knew these students needed practice, it just never occurred to me to have them practice on MY hair.\n\nNow, I'm somewhat particular about my hair and overall appearance. Nothing on a \"Narcissus\" level, but, still. So, when I agreed to come in to let a rookie hack away at my head, it was definitely a pride swallowing, fear facing decision. Compounding my fear was the fact that the student I drew from the pool openly admitted that she was not 100% comfortable with performing men's haircuts yet.\n\nWell, it was time for me to change proverbial hats for a few minutes. I was faced with the decision to either be my usual proud self, and completely destroy this young lady's nerves with added pressure, or I could take a deep breath, remember that hair grows back, and put the young stylist at ease.\n\nThat decision turned out to be a great one. Once I sat down, I was sure to keep the conversation light, and make sure that the stylist was as comfortable as she could be. After all, one of the many mantra's by which I try to live is \"Time, Patience, Practice\". I know this young lady wasn't likely to have nerves of steel out of the gate. But, the more she does it, the better she will ultimately become.\n\nUltimately, she did a pretty good job. After she settled down a little bit, everything went quite smoothly. The only true downside to the whole process was, of course, the duration of the process. Being students, the stylists have to consult with their educators before they make ANY decision. So, if  you're in the salon on a busy day, your cut could take quite some time. I ended up in the chair for about an hour.\n\nLike I said, this is practice for these young students. So, if you're SUPER particular about your hair, then this is not the place for you. If you're adventurous and you have a little bit of time to spare, then you would enjoy the overall experience you get from throwing caution to the wind and allowing a young up-and-comer the opportunity to show you what they've got!