I must admit, I feel odd reviewing a subway station. However since I was raised in the jungles of Scarborough it seems only fair I review it, you know, based on the years crime fighting the mean streets of Scarborough and surviving many adventures at this station.\n\nLooks-wise, this is a bare-70's design. Pretty? Nope. Montreal puts us to shame when it comes to Metro station architecture and design. \n\nNow, as mentioned in other reviews, Kennedy has lots of parking lots which I have never used so I will not go into that. I do know the Kiss'N'Ride quite well, since I like to practice safe Kiss and Ride and also, used Kennedy station's passenger pick-up quite often too. :-P The best I can say is that it serves its purpose just fine. \n\nNow, you might not want to know this but when I was growing up, and my friends and I used to meandered by this station on a daily basis, well, we would casually be surprised if a high school kid did not end up getting stabbed here, at least once a year.     ...You think, I am kidding? It was not as unusual as you may think.\n\nThis is why the TTC implemented the usage of Weapons of Mass Classical Music Disruption through their speakers in the hope kids would scatter at the sound of music lacking R&B, House Beatz or any Auto-Tune -- with mixed results, if I do recall. \n\nAs far as a TTC HUB, I would say the station again serves its purpose in the most basic and utilitarian of fashions. It does have a convenience store of sorts at ground level, bathrooms on the lower, subways are at the Sub-level and the LTR on the second floor, for those going to Scarborough Town Center, the other big and spartan --yet arguably far less depressing Scarborough hub. \n\nFor you see... there is something mildly depressing about this station. Something that it shares with other TTC stations which tend to serve riders from different income levels, although I am specifically focusing on low to low-mid levels... I am looking at you too, Landsdowne and Sherbourne stations...\n\nUnlike Summerhill, Sheppard, Rosedale, Old Mill or Union, Kennedy and the other two I mentioned may and do impart you with a feeling of just wanting to get the heck out of there, specially at night. \n\nSo in a time of budget cuts and slower transit, this feeling is only bound to get worse.