I'll be honest here. Little Miss BBQ has always scared me. \n\nI've read the reviews and heard all the buzz. But when you take into account their limited hours and long lines, it's not the kind of place that you can just pop into on a whim for a quick bite. And it's certainly not the kind of place that you can just visit on your lunch break during the work week. No, going to LMBBQ is a full-blown event that one must mentally prepare for.\n\nDuring my first visit, both my girlfriend and I had some vacation time from work. We decided to finally make a day out of it. I warned her beforehand that we had to get there before opening, or else we'd be waiting around and risk the restaurant running out of meat. She didn't believe me. Hell, I'm not even sure I believed it - until I drove up 30 minutes before opening and saw a crowd of people lined up at 10:30 in the morning on a Wednesday. A Wednesday for Christ's sake! \n\nAnd while everything was spectacular, including the sausage, pulled pork, and pecan pie, the main reason I came was to try their acclaimed fatty brisket. Unfortunately, they sold out rather quickly, so I knew that during our second visit, I could not allow this to happen. Showing up at 9am, exactly two hours before opening, solved this issue - even if it felt more like we were going to breakfast.\n\nIt's funny because, once you get inside, you'd have absolutely no idea of just how packed the outside of the restaurant is. It feels just like going into any other tiny little BBQ joint where you order at the counter. People were friendly and things ran very smoothly. No trouble with seating, which was one of my biggest fears.\n\nSo, I guess the question continues to linger: Does this BBQ really live up to all the hype?\n\nInitially, I had mixed feelings, because I was unable to try what they're most known for. But during a second visit, where I've now consumed enough of their sausage, pulled pork, and yes, their fatty brisket, I can confidently say that yes, it most definitely does.\n\nThe pulled pork is fine, but there's a reason why the brisket is their most popular item, which damn near melts in your mouth. Even the sausages, something that I rarely take an interest in, is incredibly impressive. Hell, even when you nuke your leftovers, the flavor in the meat still easily surpasses local competitors. The cheddar-jalapeno grits and beans are well executed - eliminating the recurring problem most BBQ joints have by skimping on side quality.\n\nAnd the smoked pecan pie? Get one. Wait. Get five of them. Take them home with you.\n\nIn the end, aside from venturing outside of Arizona, I can't think of any other BBQ place that we've tried that holds a candle to what it is that they're doing here. And sadly, I don't have the free time to ever become a regular. Which is why I'm looking forward to the opening of their second location. Allegedly, this will be a more traditional restaurant that will hopefully be a little easier to get into, as well as offering an expanded menu.\n\nI'm incredibly stingy with my five-star ratings with restaurants. I've always supported the belief that in order to achieve perfection, I need a plate full of food where virtually everything I order exceeds expectations. Not just one item, but everything. And this is one of those rare places that pulls it off with great ease.\n\nThe success is deserved and the hype is real.\n\nSpectacular!