I've been to Ben & Izzy's a few times over the last month or so and have a few thoughts.\n\nFirstly, it's great to have a truly authentic Kosher Deli (kashrut managed by COR) that has the look, feel and taste (mostly) of an \"old school\" treif deli.\n\nThe food is the usual deli fare, I have only had a few of the same type of sandwiches and not ventured too much out of the \"deli\" range.  No steaks for me, just plain old smoked meat, pastrami and corned beef.  So here's my initial thoughts:\n\n1. Be particular about your meat - there isn't as much \"smoked\" in the smoked meat as I'd like and corned beef doesn't have the same crunch flavour I've come to expect from across the street at Hartmans, but the Pastrami is probably the best I've had in Toronto in a long time.  That being said, if you want your meat sliced thinly or thick, be sure to tell them...at present, there is a guy in the back who's carving the meat off your brisket (or sometimes the front) and if you want it thinly sliced you have to ask for it.  The thickness will have a big impact on your enjoyment of your meal.  \n\n2. Skip the sides - this is a deli, so focus on what they do best, with the exception of the dill pickle (which I'm sure they don't make), stick with their meat or meat platters and don't worry about the fries or salads.. they're just not worth the calories or the bucks.  The only thing I know have in addition to my sandwich or platter is a cherry soda, because you can't go to a deli without a cherry soda.\n\n3. Get the extra portion if you're hungry - the sandwich portions are a good size, but if you're really hungy, pay the extra couple of bucks and get a deli platter.\n\n4. Value for dollar - if you just stick with what I said, then you'll do right by your wallet... if you get a bunch of sides and drinks you're looking at close to $20 for lunch, ouch!  You could instead go across the street to Hartmans get a half sandwich and a soda for less than $10.  I'll let you decide how to extract your own value for your wallet.\n\nI'll routinely frequent Ben n Izzy's when I'm going to sit down for lunch with someone I know, but it's more likely that my takeout go to place will still be Hartman's Pastrami or BBQ Beef Sandwich.  And frankly, if I don't go to Ben and Izzy's at least every couple of weeks, it probably won't survive beyond the next six months and we really need a kosher place like this in Toronto.  Because is a meatitarian like myself doesn't go, then no one else will.