This is probably the worst hotel I have gone to in Vegas. I never knew until I visited this hotel. Just by looking from outside, I thought the hotel would be clean and nice too but that was a big mistake from my part.\n\nWhile The LINQ promenade looks beautiful with its High Rollers, the hotel is so bad, I mean really bad. I never knew the hotel looked the way it looked from outside. Coming back to the hotel from Sahara Ave on the Las Vegas Blvd, I couldnt believe what I saw. The hotel was like blue, purple and weird colors that looked really crappy. I was like is that the hotel we are staying at? No way!\n\nIt didnt end there. They had no valet here for the people who is staying at the hotel which was pretty shocking. The entrance to self-parking garage was very messy and dirty with the puddle of water splashing every time a car passes by. Not only that, they are STILL NOT DONE with construction completely so its very noisy. Everything was just out of control and mess!!\n\nAfter checking in at the lobby, went up to my room which was on the 6th floor. My room was just deluxe king with no High Roller view. Everything was just OK. The interior was somewhat simple but it looked so old. The refrigerator looked really old and I want even sure if it was working. I had my water in there and until the day I left, it was still lukewarm.\n\nOnly thing I liked about the hotel was how they have the shampoo, conditioner and body wash dispenser instead of having a small sample size at the sink. That was very convenient even though I brought my own shampoo & conditioner.\n\nOur stay at the hotel was so bad because of the construction noise. It was super loud, day and night. I keep waking up every time I hear something really loud and I just couldnt fall asleep deeply. Not only that, the heater\/air conditioner they had in the room was so old and it was super loud. Everytime it would turn on and off (since I put it on auto), it would go off soooooo loud that me and my boyfriend would wake up in the middle of the night. We were super tired throughout the whole stay.\n\nI called the front desk to complain and the employee's attitude was super rude. I complained that I couldnt sleep because of construction noise and all she said was there is nothing she can do. Though, I didint book the hotel myself and I didnt see anything on their website, she just told me everything was stated on the website and it was my fault for not reading it completely. It was such a rude comment to make for an employee. This is purely service job and obviously she is so unprofessional. Not only that, I called later to get a bottle opener and possibly some silverware, another staff member who answered my phone straight up told me NO because room service is closed (it was 8 pm). So I asked her again theres nothing you can do for me? And she responded NO and hung up on me. HA!\n\nTo name a few, when I stayed at MGM Signature and Palms, asked for a beer opener around 12 AM and they were nice enough to bring it to my room without saying anything.\n\nI am soooo disappointed and I want to tell EVERYONE to stay away from this hotel. I would NEVER EVER stay here again. Its such a big disappontment to know that this hotel is in the same line as Caesar's Palace and they dont give a damn.\n\nI was offered a good deal for this hotel and that is the main reason why I came and also their location being nearby all the other hotels in the strip but I would rather pay more and stay at a hotel who cares about their customers without the noisy level.