Konichiwa!!!!  Hello my ninjas!! \n\nThe location for Ramen Sora is not hard to find.  There's adequate parking and also street parking on the side if the parking lot gets full.  The parking structure could get complicated though because of the way the lines are lined up.  \n\nOn to the food, during my second visit here I came by myself since I was on my way home from a friends house.  Service this time around was lacking.  At one point I made it look like I had fangs with my chopsticks while waiting for someone to come by and ask me if I wanted dessert or my check.  But the service was impressive the first time around.  What happenedddd?  \n\nDuring this solo visit I had the extra large Miso Ramen (additional $2 will get you extra).  After I killed the ramen in my bowl I asked if I could get extra noodles on the side (think Monta) but I forgot that they didn't do it like that so I asked if I can have a regular Shio.  They looked at me funny like I was speaking to them in Hawaiian.  5 mins later they came back and asked if I really ordered a second ramen bowl for here and not to go.  More waiting.\n\nThe broths for both ramen bowls is night and day.  If you like your broth flavorful and thick then go with the miso ramen.  If you like your broth clear and light then go with the shio.  Fair warning though, the broth is greasy.  I have to dip my spoon down deep and blow the top of the broth to clear the grease when I scoop up.  \n\nThe one thing that bothers me is the same small window where they serve food and pass dirty dishes.  \n\nBut after killing my second ramen bowl I decided to get the kurogoma dango for two bucks.  It was good.  But sitting around and playing with my chopsticks seemed to work for getting their attention.  And mind you there was only 3 other tables occupied at the time.  No excuse for crap service.  I didn't even get the extra chashu that I ordered, but at least I wasn't charged for it.  \n\nOverall good food.  Will definitely come back as there's a lot more room in here than at Monta, if the wait is rediculously long.