Maybe I jumped the gun by suggesting to have brunch here last Sunday. I usually wait for a new restaurant to be open a few months before trying it, but I sometimes make an exception if there are rave reviews. In this rare occasion Yelp had failed me.\n\nMy husband and I had met my friend here and we shared 3 different plates. It wasn't noted that this was \"tapas\" style on the menu at all, nor was it suggested how to order, so we thought 3 dishes for 3 people would be enough food. For drinks my husband had a Sleepy Dog Hefeweizen, my friend a cocktail and I ordered a mimosa which was a pretty good deal at $5. My husband and friend's drinks came out immediately, while I was told they were waiting for a bottle of champagne to open. About 10 minutes later I received my drink. \n\nTwo of our orders arrived first, the tuna poke and the lamb kimchi fried rice. Our server then came over  told us that their computers had gone down, and due to the error he gave us a complimentary pig ear pad thai. We said \"Thank you\" as it's always nice to have that type of error work in your favor. He put the plate down on the table and as we were about to dig in another staff member walked up to our table and took the pig ear plate away without saying a word........awkward. The server apologized for the mistake, as it must have been a misunderstanding. We started our meal and then the staff member came back a few minutes later and put the pig ear plate back on our table again without saying a word. We were somewhat apprehensive of eating it a this point, was it going to be taken away again? Anyway beggars can't be choosers, I was very appreciative of the complimentary entree, but the awkwardness that came with it really wasn't worth it.\n\nAs for the food: the tuna poke was fresh tasting, but flavor wise it was nothing really special. The lamb kimchi fried rice tasted good, but was greasy and had the teeniest tiniest pieces of lamb in it. Our third order was the poutine, this was the best thing we had, it had a flavorful cream sauce, chunks of lamb and a runny egg. The pig ear pad thai was pretty good too, nice & crispy and came with pickled veggies. \n\nSo why two stars? The portions sizes were laughable, each entree was about 5 bites max. We weren't informed that one dish per person isn't even close to enough food. We ended up having an extra dish due to the snafu, but we still all left hungry. It would be one thing if the food was amazing, then I would want to order more dishes, but nothing was very memorable or fantastic enough. The price point did not match the portion at all. The service was also lacking, the server took our credit card to run it, and then waited a good 20 minutes to receive it back after having to ask for it. Sorry but I can't see myself returning.