People! Stay away from this place so I can get a seat here.  There is simply NO reason for all of you to enjoy the atmosphere of this totally hip and cool place. And, if you go somewhere else, I won't have to worry about bumping anyone in the back or head as I make my way around to get coffee, find a magazine, power outlet or simply leave for the night.  \n\nOh, and despite the excellence of the food - there's a Carls JR down the road. Save yourselves the wait and just go there.  Ya. So there's room for the rest of us.  Trust me, it is almost as entertaining to watch the short-order cooks of McDonald's chaotic endeavor to make your burger vs. the smooth staff here cook from scratch in their front-of-room kitchen.  With the bowls of fresh, organic vegetables. And happy dispositions.  Yep. the experience here is completely overrated.  The fact there are fun mis-matched chairs and unique tables can be sat in at any thrift store, just bring your own Circle-K coffee and you're almost close to an attempt to recreate the Lux experience.  So...go there instead. \n\nAnd the bar? Well, despite it being awesomely stocked and super cool, you can get almost, if you pretend hard enough, the same experience in your local dive bar.  You know, the one that stinks and provides the singular experience of having your shoes stick to their floors.  You certainly will not experience that at Lux, and that would simply be a shame.  Robbery of a unique cultural experience. Similar to getting stuck in an over-the-border brothel.\n\nAnd if you are a creative, or a thinker, or are otherwise of any intellectual capacity, you will find LUX a redundancy of conversational inspiration.  It will provide zero challenge for you to gaze upon. There is simply an overload of sensory happiness at Lux. It could quite certainly and seriously be dangerous to your health if you have a pacemaker or are otherwise easily over stimulated by goodness.  \n\n...in all honesty, this venue is the perfect place to go and be alone with tons of happy people all around you.  Get there early and camp out for parking and seating. It's worth it.  Thank you, Lux staff. You guys rock.