I really wanted to like this place, I reallllly did! Judging by the remarkable reviews, I had high hopes but it just didn't cut it for me.\n\nSo I came here with my family and was greeted by a nice young lady. She was super friendly, efficient, and even told us some specials. So +A for service.\nThe presentation of the food is also very Instagram-worthy. It is very modern with their rustic wood plating and newspaper design. Their menus are also super cute, clipped to a very thick large wood as well. You gotta appreciate the small details they put into their look. \n\nSo lets start with the mishaps:\nWe ordered: calamari, pork adobo, lobster mac and cheese, sinigang, and lechon. \n-The calamari came out first and was delicious but my brother found a long piece of black hair stuck in one of the pieces. I'm not one to complain about a measly piece of hair, but damn was it long and thick! lol. \n-As for the sinigang, the broth was super flavorful but I couldn't really enjoy it because it wasn't even hot; more on the verge of lukewarm. Another bummer. \n-Finally, the lobster mac and cheese. I wanted to taste a non-filipino dish and once again, it was a let down. The mac and cheese was soo oily! It left a weird aftertaste in my mouth that I had to wash it down with water or the lukewarm sinigang just to reset my palate. \n\nOkay so I have to leave on a good note right?\n-The lechon was everything lechon should be: crunchy, with a little bit of fat, balanced with a good proportion of meat. YES. Cooked to perfection. \n-The pork adobo was what I looked forward to the most and it was the only dish that really stood out for me! I was pleasantly surprised due to the mishaps of the other dishes. It was hot, didn't have hair on it, and not too oily. YES!\n\nOverall, I think this place has some execution flaws when it comes to their dishes. Each dish would have been great, but there's there's just that one major flaw that kind of ruins it altogether. I might come back here and give it another go since there's just so many good reviews. I just want to like it so bad! haha.