If your looking for a trail of enlightenment...a trail of peace and solitude.....a trail that leads to summit of tranquility.....WELL...this is not it.  This had the feel Sonoran industrial conveyor belt leading to I must say is a rather picturesque (all be it smoggy) view of the Phoenix valley.  \n\nWhen the GF arrived at our vacation getaway, our host suggested this as a secondary hike because the other hill in the valley is known to be very busy.  The host referred Piestewa as \"Squaw Peak.\"  Other locals we would come into contact with all stated the same.  After reading some other thoughtful and insightful yelp reviews.  I understand and appreciate the name change.\n\nOur host, other locals, and other yelpers talked about the parking situation.  This is not to be taken lightly.  Given that we visited on a Monday, I assumed the parking was a result of the weekend crowd.  Not so.  Monday was slammed and with a cosmic roll of the dice, we stumbled on a parking spot as another group of hikers were leaving.\n\nI threw on the my Tenzig 6000 w\/ about 50 lbs. of additional weight.  Up the trail we went.  With lungs and legs in semi-perfect order we began our assent.  Immediately, I was impressed by the different cross-sections of humanity representing as we stepped off.  Some were represented more than once, because they were going up and down, and up and down again...unknown where their turn arounds were.  If it was the top and bottom.....it's impressive!\n\nAs we travelled the trail at time the only missing was Gollum.  I felt like it was when he guided Frodo and Sam up the secret path up the stairs of the mountain surrounding Mordor.  Fantasy mixed the primal urge to conquer and then a cell phone would ring and snap me back to reality.\n\nWhile almost cresting the summit, a Phoenix PD chopper swooped and buzzed everyone.  How I longed to capture that moment but we were only 3\/4 of the way there.\n\nUpon making the \"summit\" there were many just milling about.  It took little over an hour to reach.  Remember...Anger is better than despair.  I eyed the true summit, and nudged the GF in the general direction.  You will know what I mean when just about everyone stops. The view below is well worth the hike up!!