My review of this spot may not count because I was only there for a couple of hours on a WEDNESDAY, enjoying a few drinks with few friends.\nI figure though , hump day is the best day to see how great a bar is - specially when it's got \"Sex club\" in its name.\n\nWAARNING: my review may also be biased because -- well, you know, alcohol has that affect on ya and by the time I got HERE, i was well buzzed. So I'm going to comment on the decor. I also stayed  for.... an hour? Probably less.\n\nI knew of this place with all sots of dangling things out side - I never went in for years simply because I didn't know what it was - it looks like pure dumpster and my thought was, if I am going to go to a dive, Sneaky Dee is just around the corner. I wish I had gone in earlier. \n\nAside from the awkward stares we got when we walked in (3 Caucasian 1 Asian and a black man)  - and you can almost here their thoughts saying \"Fresh meat\" - I was blown away with nostalgia at first foot inside - all the lights and dangling thingamagigies all around creates this nice ,intimate atmosphere so you might actually be able to hear what your friend is saying right beside you. I found that to be really refreshing - because it's hard to find a quiet spot these days, because EVERYONE has live bands - and what was once a social night out-  became a deafening experience and you didn't really get to socialize. Don't get me wrong, I love live bands, but i think it takes something away too.\n\nI even appreciated the fact that the dangling madness outside actually isolated the place completely and provided privacy- you really gotta look close even to see if it's open (actually we knew it was open cuz we heard low music).\n\nFrom what I read here, it's a great place for a live music too - so I'll definitely have to check it on a weekend or something to experience it myself. For the moment, I am a fan -but I am a woman and inclined to change my mind every second - so I'll press \"post\" now, before I think too much and change my mind.