I have had to hold back tears after a meal in the past, but never before have I had to stifle my tears prior to a meal. That is, until I lunched at Yuki Japanese.\n\nThere is nothing remotely Japanese about this restaurant. The decor so perfectly captures the suicidal ambiance of a small town casino, and the patrons hold little distinction to the picture our minds paint when imagining gambling addicts. It may be harsh to suggest that Yuki's food render its customers to the vegetative state of addicts, but the truth is you'd have to be stubbornly mindless to be a regular here. The frog lady waitress (and probably owner) serving you your food looks like she jumped out of a Tarantino movie--if Tarantino ever made a slasher film based around a grimy restaurant--gliding across the restaurant while dragging her feet in exhaustion--she took my order with the enthusiasm of a potato.\nMiso soup, green dragon roll, chicken katsu bento box, and a cup of tea.\n\nAs I looked around at the sad faces at this restaurant I began feeling sorry for myself. Not for any particular reason, I suppose I was simply blending in.\n\nMy miso soup arrived and I grabbed the bowl and lifted it to my mouth. Just then, something fell to my crotch from the bottom of the bowl. I assumed it to be a cracker of some sorts and continued to gulp my soup down. But I didn't order anything resembling of a cracker, or bread, or anything crackerbread in colour. I put down my soup bowl and reached for the mysterious object. The soft, warm and wet texture registered only when I held it close to my face to examine it closely. The hairs on my body erected as if it was trying to jump from my skin, and the goose bumps sent a rush of sheer chill of disgust down my spine when I realized I was holding somebody's freshly chewed gum between my fingers. I immediately stuck it under the table next to me, but the sticky substance clanged on in a stringy stretch of grossness resembling a hot slice of cheesy pizza being pulled away from the pie. I wiped my fingers on every surface trying to rid of the horror from my hands. No one noticed my silent horror episode. I sat in my seat panting for air, and holding back the scream that was desperately trying to escape me.\n\nI sat in my seat in silence as if the rest of the world did not exist. When I snapped back to reality, my food was already sitting on my table. I completely missed the frog lady bringing me my orders. Never has a bento box and a sushi platter struck more fear into my heart. Two girls came through the doors, and immediately I saw them not as patrons, but victims. Victims of the health code violations and unsanitary conditions of this wretched restaurant. I wanted to warn them. I wanted to jump from my table and rush the girls out of the restaurants and run far far away. Instead, I just sat in my seat shell-shocked. Post-traumatic stress syndrome from a sushi restaurant.\n\nI ended up finishing all my food with disdain, promising I would tell the world about this place. The truth is, I grew up in worst conditions. I've ate in lesser places. But this is Canada, and I am allowed to be disgusted and lie to myself about living in Toronto where there is a delusion of standards!\n\nThe avocado tasted a days' old, the miso soup tasted of preservatives, and the eel fish had the texture of the days' old avocado. I welcomed myself to the worst restaurant experience of my entire life, and now I see the world like a veteran of war after having served my time and ate my dues at Yuki's revolting Japanese Ya. I assume 'YA' is the sound you'd make when you discover the quality and sanitary conditions of this place\n\nI am now a man of hardened palate, as I can finally proclaim that I have quite literally eaten shit.