I just called this place twice. Once I set an appointment for my toddler, and I spefically told the front desk her age. They set the appointment  and asked me to give them the information of our insurance card before her appointment (the first time we are asked that for dental). I gather the information and call this office again, and after giving them all the insurance information they needed (even State and phone number), the lady says \"you know we don't see kids here, right?\". I go like \"no, I specifically told the other person that it was for my toddler. The front desk lady does NOT apologize, and says \"well, you can bring her here if you want, but I dont think we can do much for her\". What the heck? They just said they dont see kids, and now I can bring my daughter so they cant do nothing for her? So I said \"no, I'll take her somewhere else\". She just says its ok, and hangs up. Very rude and unprofessional. The 5 starts must be for the dentists, not the front desk. Good to know. I was thinking about going bv to the dentist myself and will not step into this office ever.\n\nUpdate\nAround 11.40am I left my first review. Around noon this office called me again to complain about my review on Yelp. The person said that the feont desk told me I could bring my daughter in. I reply \"yes, she did, after she said \"we dont see kids here\". So why would I want to send my daughter to a place they cant do much for her? Then this person who called me after my review on Yelp, she started sarcastically laughing at me on the phone, she would also talk over me, talk loud and said \"we dont especialize in children, and she said that because of your daughters age\". Well. Then they shouldve told me in the first place that they dont especialize in children at that age and not just say \"you know we dont see kids, right?\". Its not my fault the woman on the phone was so rude an unprofessional, just like the other one who called me intimidading me because of my Yelp review. Another thing - they were so busy that they needed ME to gather all the detailed  insurance information, but they had time to read a review on Yelp after 5 minutes I wrote it? No wonder they only have 5 stars, Im assuming people delete their bad reviews after receiving annawful call from them. Guess what? I have proof of what I said, which shows they are unprofessional and low. They made my blood pressure go through the roof, and did other things that are worth saying only in a legal manner. I do not recommend this office because of the people taking and making the calls.