I go here for lunch every Thursday. Black Dog Burrito Thursday, we call it. Today, 3 members of my group had to wait a whole 2 minutes because the other 2 people in the party hadn't arrived yet. Then, when we (the late arrivers, by 2 minutes) finally showed up, we were immediately given a booth. I thought this place was supposed to be good. So good that you had to wait for seating. Well, with the opening of the Champaign location, the Urbana location is now sort of a forgotten wasteland (I guess like the rest of Urbana). \nWe were immediately informed that they were out of Burnt Ends. WHAT IS THE POINT OF LIVING?!?!? Did you know you can get a burnt ends burrito on Thursdays? WELL TODAY YOU COULDN'T!!  Had to settle for the regular delicious pulled pork burrito. As did 2 others in the group. Another ordered a burger (people, don't you know you are only supposed to order a burger when ALL the other menu items are 86'd) and another got a brisket sandwich. \nI ordered a mountain dew, while another person at the table started hitting on me. He called me Sweetie. Which apparently was a mistake on my part when I started rubbing his leg and he informed me that actually he had ordered \"sweet tea\". Oops. \nThe food came out very quickly. I didn't even have time to complain about not having the time to eat my burnt ends appetizer which I didn't get to order. Oh, we got there at 11:30, they had been open for 30 minutes and didn't have burnt ends. I blame the guys that were sitting at the table closest to the bar! There were 4 of them and 3 of them smugly ate those delicious burnt ends as we sat there, envious, with only a pulled pork burrito to fill the void that was left by not having burnt ends. \nThey had the chex mix today. Which is a first, because in all the other times I've been there, there was no chex mix. But today there was. I would sacrifice all the chex mix in the world for just one more chance at a burnt ends appetizer. \nThe price was reasonable. My bill (which was presented on one of those new fangled tablet pc thingies) was 13. Which covered the burrito, a side of the potato salad, and the soda. I don't consider that excessive. \nThe staff was (and always is) friendly. Except for that guy with a beard and a Mohawk, what kind of an idiot would have that kind of look. He wasn't there today. \nWhy is troy a rocket scientist?