I stepped into the shoes of past guests at my own dinner parties who were relegated towards the head of the table, and so naturally I started with a double shot vodka with redbull. It was brunch.\n\nYou will be offered two experiences of waiting services; the service you expect to get in a restaurant, and the service you'll get from your waiter. I have never shaken the hand of my waiter prior to a meal, but somehow it happened that I offered my hand after a short conversation with the man who was to handle my food. The hierarchies of restaurant patronage which I hold so dearly escaped me this day, and for good reason. The Hudson Kitchen does not sell redbull, but my waiter ran across the street in chilling morning temperatures so that I may enjoy my morning cocktail that no one else in the world has at this time--which was so politely stated by the woman sitting across from me--and I am grateful.\n\nThe World looked different from the tables edge, and I felt my dear friend right of me was the only thing holding me from falling to my egotistical death. Table arrangements is my second idol which could possibly hindrance me at the gates of St. Peter, and so I ordered another vodka redbull.\n\nI don't brunch, its not a thing in my life. The only part of my life where brunch was a thing was during boarding school, and it was either brunch or nothing. Out of respect for the religious refinement of our host, I abstained from the veal and opted for the cured pork French toast. Not an auspicious start to my vegetarian week.\nThree grossly thick slices of bread each topped with thinly sliced ham, drizzled in pineapple shavings, and lightly coated with a bourbon syrup. It was rich and flavorful, but the bread proved to be too overwhelming. \nI stared at my neighbour's sausage dish with obvious sausage envy, and like a commiserable puppy dog she fed me a cut of it. It was the most delicious breakfast sausage I have ever eaten.\n\nOur waiter joshed at some new arrivals to the group by pretending to offer deplorable waiting etiquette, and then offering exactly the opposite. The preponderancy of conversation rested upon my very broad shoulders, and so instead of laid-back Raymond, I fashioned for the other guy; the restaurant eccentric.\nI tested the depth of sufferance at the (social) world's edge by speaking my mind, and I think I didn't make any friends on this day. \nI was extremely amused by my waiter, he acted without the restraint that is placed upon a guest like me, and it was very comfortable for me to to experience such little divide. \n\nSuddenly, a capricious feeling washed over me, and I caught bimbo's husband glaring at me from across the table. I think he was having the veal. \nI waywardly looked away, but could not resist the temptation to look back beaming in amusement, and I stiffed my laughter with great labour.  \nAnother vodka redbull.\n\nThe decor was so simplistic that it felt like I was at my friend's Manhattan studio apartment. Ample natural light lit the two dining floors. One at the front, one to the rear. The kitchen was so bloody open concept I felt I could have just strolled in for a pickle without being met with protest. \nThe restrooms downstairs was clean, but there was no rubbish receptacle in the mens loo, so I placed my disposable hand towels conspicuously on the sink like a pillager and took off before anyone could catch me.\n\nMy friend from across the table came to me once the seats freed up, and finally I was able to relax and talk normally. Although I wish my friend to the right of me stayed a little longer so we could have all gossiped. \nThree or four nightclub hour drinks later, I was feeling rather high-falutin. That is until I heard a rumour that it was our host's birthday. It was the only time throughout the meal that I felt rude, and I wished I had a chance to acknowledge this personally. \nI had a lot of fun here. The food was good, and I got to exhume my nighttime obnoxiousness at this unfamiliar hour, at this unfamiliar location.  \n\nUpon leaving, I caught one of my employees having lunch with his lady friend. So I busted his balls for a moment just for fun. I was inebriated, I'm sure he'll get me back for this.\n\nIn the future, I believe I shall indoctrinate more diplomacy with my restaurantship, like, round tables..