Oh my god, Becky look at her buns \nIt's just so big, she looks like one of those five guys girlfriends \nI like big burgers and I cannot lie. You other brothers can't deny. When a girl comes in with a burger and shake and some cheese fries in yo face get sprung, cuz you know that burger was stuffed\n   Shake shack wasn't around in 1993, but if so I would guess that the lyrics to his most famous song would go something like that. Now even though I have traveled to New York, I rep west coast like and had never eaten shake shack until this location opened and I truly understood that shake shack vs in n out was the burger version of 2pac vs biggie except this beef is a lot more delicious. Shake shack made sure to come correct, the venue is on the outside of NYNY, sleek design and I randomly like that they used old bowling lines for tables. There's two windows to order from. One is a quickie for drinks, shakes and swag and the Other is for food. There's the shack burger which is cool, but essentially just a cheeseburger, but what really had me speaking like ODB was the smokeshack. Take a cheeseburger, make it double, throw bacon, peppers and shack sauce and you have my attention. I could serenade that burger 24\/7\/365. That's the kind of burger that makes you call your significant other and tell them you ain't never coming home. I tried two of the beef hot dogs an I wasn't impressed to say the least.The crinkle fries are good, but the cheese fries are incredibly overhyped. Like Magna Carta overhyped. I much preferred regular fries dipped is shack sauce I also tried out the shake, and while it's good, it's not Better than in n out, but it's almost double the price. Which is quite possibly my only gripe with this place. A double smoke shack, fries and a shake is about $20, a meal I can get from in n out for less than $8. I'm not sure how much of that is shake shack and how much of that is the fact that it's on the strip, but you get what you pay for and tha shack is quality yo.  \nSo to paraphrase sir mix a lot again:\nLadies if the bun is round, and you want a double patty showdown\nDial 1-900-CHZBURGR and kick them nasty thoughts\nBaby I'll be back