Well to start off just because someone tries to sell you something or talk about getting into a certain program doesn't mean the gym is poor quality. DON'T COMPLAIN ABOUT CONTRACTS YOU SIGNED! If they say sign here, here, here, initial there, and so-on take the time to read every line and negotiate the terms you want. Don't sign something and then complain about the contract afterwards, and in all reality that applies to everything, but hey what do I know....\n\nService\nI hate when I read negative reviews and the only complaint people have is \"they pressure you\" Really!? Don't get me wrong I agree if you are asked every single day multiple times a day it is bad service. But stop equating someone doing their job with annoyance. Yes, they will try talk about the different memberships and yes they will have you do a \"free\" fitness evaluation wherein, they will try to get you into a personal training program. \n\nLet them do their job and if you are completely not interested just respectively and assertively say no, and they will leave you alone. But on the other hand what do you have to lose from a fitness evaluation. You can actually get a great understanding where you are physically and where you want to be, after that do your own thing if you want. Plus, if you do want personal training evaluate how much you spend at Starbucks, or eating and drinking out and i'm sure you can budget the funds to start an investment for your health. \n\nOne great customer service story I can share was from one of their employees named Talib. He walked through every program available and never pressured me to sign up for anything I didn't want to. He explained how he thought I can accomplish my fitness goals and left it at that. I did not sign up for training because I would personally feel more accomplished doing something on my own. But if you are looking for someone to kickstart your fitness goals no matter what they are whether to bulk up, slim down, increase flexibility, gain endurance, and etc, he is the go to guy. If you currently go to this gym or thinking of signing up get to know him because he goes the extra mile to help anyone out. \n\nEquipment-\nI really like all of the equipment they have to offer. I have been to other locations and other gyms where machines are out of order for weeks or on the brink of breaking. I have yet to see a piece of equipment out of order for more than a few days. They also do a great job of keeping the equipment clean. \n\nAtmosphere-\nI have read that people dislike the atmosphere, but if you want a quite, peaceful, and relaxing workout stay outside or go to a yoga studio. Yes this place has music that sometimes increases in volume and yes there are a lot of people but it's a gym! I rarely have to wait for pieces of equipment and there are plenty of cardio machines to go around. \n\nOne annoyance you may encounter are the \"gym rats\"  I don't mean to be offensive but hear me out. If you go to the gym twice a day that's great and there is nothing wrong with that if that is what you want to do. But a \"gym rat\" in the context I am referring to is a person who isn't actually working out that much and is standing around looking at themselves in the mirror as they scream when lifting.  It is not that often of an occurrence but it does happen (but then again it can happen anywhere). I don't think that is representation of the gym but just individuals being obnoxious. \n\nAll in all I enjoy coming here and they have programs and classes for all range of fitness goals. They always have promo's for 3 day passes or 5 day passes so swing by and check it out.