Okay so this 1 OAK is different from the NY location in that it is not AS exclusive, it is still a bit exclusive but in NY the doormen really don't wanna let you in most cases.  I gotta walk in with 2 Chainz or Curtis Jackson to get some real attention.  THE Las Vegas location was cool, managed to head there on a friday and got to see a Sean Paul performance.  I know, where has this guy been.  He looks so different now but when he got on the stage, sounded just the same.\n\n  I had a great time here, was looking forward to the night, at first though the doormen did make my group wait outside for a bit.  It was close to midnight but not there yet, probably we were on the bad ratio thing for Vegas (3 guys, 1 female).  We finally got in once a guy who seemed like a big whig just said let them in, still had to pay the $40 entrance fee.  It was worth it though, I am a cheap person that never likes to pay a cover of 30 or 40 anywhere but this night was special, we were in LAS VEGAS and we were really lookin to have a good time.  My friends and I split up met a bunch of new people, got all this dancing in, then of course met back up right before Sean Paul hit the stage and got our drinks to enjoy for the night.  The Dj was playin some really good stuff even after Sean Paul did his 5 or 4.5 song appearance.  Me and my group were looking for some hip hop, we did not wanna pay $30 for Haze and listen to 90% techno that night.  \n\nDrinks were expensive but that is how it is. I got Rum and coke a few of them, then someone from VIP starting passing out the rest of their bottles so my friends and I took pics with all this extra booze (mostly Vodka).  Still got a little bonus in that free liquor, had a great night, met some nice women from Sacramento area, it was worth just going out that night, even though I don't like to spend that much money on drinks (16 or 18 was the standard for any mixed drink).  Sean Paul did bring out a crowd the place was packed, like I said I was doin okay for night, my boy was meeting some nice white girls and his other friend too found some nice hispanic girls and the female we were with was doing her thing too chatting up with some fellas.  All in all a perfect night, I didn't even get tired until like 7am that morning, we shut that bitch down like 5 am they closed, then did some walking around on the strip.  Thanks, Vegas for another good time in the clubs here.