I do the usual checking of every travel website to find that every one of them has a deal at the Carefree Resort and Villas for $47 per night during Labor Day Weekend.  Whoopeee!! I hit the jackpot.  This place looked nice from the pictures, the reviews on Yelp were mostly positive, and we had never been to Carefree\/Cave Creek.  Pack the bags, put the puppies in a kennel and away we go.\n\nCheck in: No problems here after the guy in front of us quit hogging the desk-clerk's attention for 15 minutes or more. During this wait, we realize that the main dining room is closed and our options are narrowed down to the saloon and the Mesquite Room.  Our actual check-in took maybe a total of 2 minutes.\n\nAwesome. Now it's time to get some grub at the \"Saloon.\" Except the saloon is bright and clean and nice, unlike any saloon I've ever been in.  And the food? $25 per plate buffet.  At this point we were feeling a bit hosed.\n\nDay 1: Husband uses the bathroom and the toilet won't flush so we head down to let the front desk know and go over to the Mesquite Room to get some breakfast. ANOTHER FRIGGIN' BUFFET! My husband, who eats very small meals, and even smaller breakfasts, refused to even eat.  Minus the sad excuse for a bagel, the breakfast was okay and only cost $15.\n\nWe go back to the room, and the toilet is fixed. Yay!  I use it, and again it won't flush. Boo.  Another call to the front desk, in which the clerk says that they will send someone up to fix it again.  Two minutes later, the clerk calls back to say that there is a part missing on it and that they'll switch us to a new room.  Why the runaround?  Why didn't they just do that after the first visit from maintenance revealed that the toilet was broken? But we get a new room that is allegedly bigger (by millimeters if at all) and with the upgrade of a flushing toilet.  woohoo.\n\nTime for my long awaited, much anticipated, call to the spa to schedule a pedicure and massage.  $115 for a 50 minute massage, $70 for a spa pedicure.  I was so bummed about the outrageous prices, I took a nap watching our 15 inch television.\n\nIn an attempt to feel a little better, we head down to the pool to find it full of families and children. Eh. But the pool bar is open and serving burgers and other food.  Yay!  The turkey burger was awesome and almost helped me to forget the lame time we had been having. Few more drinks, time for a nap, you get the idea.  This is pretty much how the rest of the weekend went.  Eat, drink, nap, repeat.\n\nOne final complaint.  The room service breakfast was HORRIBLE!!!  My $14 breakfast burrito was mostly lettuce, a little bit of canned refried beans, and some unidentifiable piece of protein.  The semi-tasty guacamole helped a little, but I would have needed buckets to make it good.\n\nOverall: If you feel like hanging out at a schticky, wild west themed hotel that has overpriced amenities, then please go here.  $47 is not a deal, it's about what this place is worth at any time of the year.