I have no clue how so many restaurants can fail in a spot with so much traffic. Perhaps Paz's predecessors had proven too pretentious to last in what I feel is one of the few safe havens of downtown...a down-to-earth place that stands opposed to pricier options that take themselves too seriously. \n\nBasically, the concept is to grab cheap grub and get liquored up while you socialize with fellow twentysomethings. It's fun. There's so much space outside for ping pong...and I'm not sure what else, but it reminds me of a recreation center from my childhood. \n\nAnd that's why I rate it so highly. I actually believe the quality of the atmosphere eclipses the food. It's not that I dislike or anything. The carne asada was cooked correctly. The pork belly was by no means greasy. In fact, it was nicely crisped, and the texture was perfect. My problem is that they don't season the meat. Ideally, it should be able to stand on its own, and juxtapose with other ingredients. In this instance, Paz relies on the toppings alone to let the dish shine. The relish on my taco was admittedly tasty. But in the burrito (you can order tortas as burritos. Cool, right?) I was sometimes met with only the flavor of unseasoned steak and unseasoned avocado. Like the forgettable queso, it was alleviated by the salsa, which is admittedly better than almost any Tex Mex spot I've been to. \n\nAs for the drinks, they look interesting, and I'm sure somebody somewhere will stop taking advantage of the $3 margaritas to get them. Like the food, you will have minor complaints, and then realize you're paying a ridiculously low price and decide it wasn't so bad at all after you left satisfied. \n\nThere's still definitely room for improvement here at Paz. The building feels empty, with lots of underutilized space.  And with throngs of patrons walking around and socializing both indoors and outdoors, it feels too casual to be this sit-down, full-service establishment. It's OK to concede this is fast casual food, and treat it more like a bar. Your menu is totally small enough, and it makes the canned refried beans more forgivable. I'm sure they'll figure it out, but for now, I can dig this. 3.5 stars, rounded up for style points.