The view is amazing .... from the minute you enter the glass elevator all the way up to the top floor of Mandalay's \"HOTEL\" tower and to the balcony, the view of the Strip is breathtaking.  This place is supercool and great to hang out in and enjoy a beverage. \n\nNow, for the restaurant, and most importantly, the food.  The food selection on the menu is decent, with most of the standard fair you'd expecet (a handful each of appetizers, fish & seafood, meats &  poultry).  Expect to pay a hefty price for your view, with prices ranging from 45 to 60+ dollars for entrees (and thats for non \"market price\" items), which is a little silly, even for French (or French\/American) cuisine in Vegas.  Tack on appetizers, a beverage, and dessert (at your discretion) and expect $150 a head.\n\nThe food preparation was respectable, but, by no means were my companions and I impressed.   The foie was decent, as was the bisque.  The huckleberry sauce for the fois was well balanced with just enough tartness and sweetness, but, one of my liver pieces was a bit veiny.  Kudos for having caviar on the menu.  The fish was nicely prepared (not overdone) but relatively straight forward (no pow).  The scallop caesar was good, but the romaine wedge seemed tough, and the addition of basalmic over the dish made everything a little too tangy.  Bacon makes anything taste better, and this was no exception as there were plenty of rendered bacon bits.  Oddly enough, none of us had any meat dishes, which I would've like to have been able to comment on.  The desserts looked fabulous, but only tasted okay good and didn't quite close the deal for me.  But, overall a decent meal.  Unfortunately, I was left with the feeling that the food experience paled in comparison to the personal experience as the presentation and service outshined the flavors.\n\nThe most memorable things were 1) the cool environment, 2) the sheer number of handblown glass bulbs hanging from the central chandelier and of course 3) the view.  \n\nReally, this place is all about ambiance.  And thats ok, as long as it doesn't try to pretend to be something else.  Would I go back?  In a heartbeat, if only to enjoy the view from the top.  But next time, i may decide to grab a bite elsewhere before heading up there to relax.  Maybe at Hubert Keller's Burger Bar downstairs?