I went on a Friday around 7:30 p.m. I waited 38 minutes in line. Yes, I timed it. When we finally got in, my husband and I went to White Castle. Imagine our disappointment seeing some guy standing in line wearing a cardboard sign saying he was the last customer. WTF? It was only 8 something p.m.!? Did they not know a huge crowd was coming and you run out?!!?\n\nSo we went to Seoul Sausage and waited another ~45 minutes to an hour for our order. ARGH! The SS guys are super nice and friendly, The deep fried kimchi fried rice and the deep fried Japanese beefy curry balls were delicious. I wasn't impressed with the kalbi sausage sandwich. I wouldn't order it again. The texture is weird for me and I was expecting more from this sandwich. \n\nWe had somewhere to go that night and I've had enough with the damn lines. Walking around, there were long lines everywhere so we left. Huge disappointment! \n\nSo I went back early the next day. I really wanted the WC burgers. I haven't had them for ten years. I got there 30 minutes before the gates opened. I was determined to get the burgers!\n\nIn the line, it was getting nasty out there. People were cutting in line and the people already in line were getting upset which I don't blame them for getting mad. What is so freaking hard to get behind in a line when there's an obvious long line? Are you that stupid or you feel entitled to cut in line? \n\nI witnessed people being mean and nasty to each other. This one lady was being bossy and yelling at the newcomers to get in the back of the line. Then another guy told her enough and to shut her mouth and she was going to get in a fight. I heard others in line yelling at this one guy who felt entitled to go in front of the line.  \n\nThere were some other interesting characters at this festival. A chubby, bratty kid and her white trash mom and their friends or relatives (couldn't tell their relationship but they were obviously together in a group) were getting annoying and mean allowing their kid to be unnecessarily mean to the poor employee working there pestering her to open the gates several times when it was told to them they open at noon. I was waiting for a fight to happen. Even though I was getting irritated at people's behavior, I have to admit it was pretty entertaining to see these idiots acting like animals. \n\nThere should have been security doing line control. If this is how it's going to be next year, forget this event. Whoever threw this event, you're charging $10 per person and you can't hire several security guards to do line control? How cheap and unprofessional! Get a clue. I'm not alone in this sentiment and a lot of people share the same view as me.\n\nAnyway, the most important thing is I finally got my White Castle. Woot Woot!