I'm not 100% sure, but I think this may be the first time that the San Gennaro Feast was held at the empty lot next to IKEA in Las Vegas. I haven't been to the San Gennaro Feast in... at least 10 years, but it was clear that huge improvements have been made since then. I will admit, however, that I did read Yelp reviews before going yesterday and I was worried that I'd made a bad decision for my group of friends that I invited to come along with me. BUT! I was pleased with a lot of the changes that I see have been made since even the most recent one back in May.\n\n(A side note: bring cash. Parking is $3 + entry paid at the door is cash only--don't forget your coupon from the website--and some vendors do not support card transactions)\n\nSO, first of all, the ground is paved in the food tents areas--although still unpaved in the games\/rides areas (don't know for sure, but I saw some past reviews state that the ground was dirt and painful gravel everywhere which a lot of people disliked especially on windy days). I wore cruddy shoes to the Festival in anticipation of this and was pleasantly surprised to see that the ground was actually paved this time and wasn't going to get even my ugly shoes dirty.\n\nThe tents offered plenty of food options, but as other Yelpers have pointed out, not all of the food tents are actual Italian food, sadly (I guess, how could they be?). What I WAS happy about, though, is that the food tents that we did pick had good food and I, luckily, wasn't disappointed by anything that I ate although friends that were with me didn't like everything they had. My best suggestion: shop around to avoid any food choices you'll regret. Look at other peoples' food, too! Your nose is your best friend, here.\n\nYes, it's expensive. Entry after coupon was still $16\/couple. AND food inside is not cheap. We scoped the games and found a couple that were fun, affordable and (most importantly) beatable. So my group and I stuck to some fun things that worked for us. We didn't stay for hours upon hours, but we ate a good amount of food and played a couple of good games. I guess my SO and I always know\/anticipate that these food festival things always get a little pricey and planned accordingly.\n\nAll-in-all, I'd say, we had a lot of fun (more than I thought we would, actually). I personally had some great food (the Italian sausage and peppers stand at the front of the park was really good and so was the fresh squeezed lemonade) and I think I'd go back again next year if a bunch of friends wanted to go with me again.