Classy as a Lap Dancer leaving a skid mark on a man's lap that is a indication of the way they cook filet's of beef here here . (crap on your plate)\n\nRemember the Movie Logan's Run where they killed everyone that reached 30 years old well I am over 30 but I felt like dying after trying my meal we've been here years ago but thought maybe they weren't as bad as we remembered .\n\nWe were seated and it took around 15 minutes for someone to acknowledge us as we noticed the table next to us that got seated latter and already had food before we even had water ok so that was no big deal it happens all the time at chains .\n\nMy husband ordered the $4.99 for 2 margarita's (I knew better) and I took a sip and it tasted like you licked a spoonful of dry artificial drink mix . (YUK)\n\nThis place had a MASSIVE amount of peanut shells and DUST all over the floor so if you were wearing flip flops you might cut your toes on shells .\n\nThey have a bucket of peanuts on every table and I hope little dirty kids hands weren't on them not to mention peoples coughs .\n\nWhen my meal arrived I thought it looked ALMOST picture perfect because my vegetable skewer looked great with real fresh vegetables on it but when I tasted them they were awful because they brushed them with I COULD TASTE cheap Italian dressing and some sort of brown NASTY sauce (YUK) ! Then I saw my potato with all that melted whipped butter that looked like SPIT (YUK)! (it wasn't but looked like that the way the butter melted)  but maybe the WORST was what they did to the filet....WTB (bleep) they brushed the filet with liquid smoke and maybe a terriyakki sauce and that was another YUK! I consider the filet not edible the way it tasted and took it home for dog treats (I washed sauce off for my dog of course) The sauces on the vegetables and on my filet were awful and ruined them in taste and as far as I know they are not listed in description on menu . This was not the most expensive meal but not that cheap either (mine was $16) but even if it was free I still would not recommend . Now that I Yelped I will remember years from now that I didn't like . \n\nOne star ?  two stars ? but my understanding of definition is eeks me thinks not meaning I won't go back not just I had better...duh..I am not a fan of here.....maybe you are?.....not the best  quality but it really is too amateur to go out for it's like your relative that can't cook and just throws stuff in a bag with Italian dressing and then throws it on the grill .\n\n it was close and I didn't feel like going far but I should have done a Logan's RUN AWAY!