First off, let me say that I'm not a native Arizonian.  I don't understand why addresses are not clear, entrances are often in the back and people always refer to your cross streets (when actual address could be 4-8 blocks away!) I went through hell trying to find this address and used my GPS!   If you think it's gonna be on Camelback Road:  SURPRISE!  You'll drive, like I did, round and round circling garages.  My GPS, mind you, directed me to the address and kept saying \"you're here, it's on the left.\"  And I was looking on the left, at a parking garage.If you park in one of the garages, make sure that you note the garage's color and the stores you pass upon entering the Mall. \n\nAfter walking through the garage and into the inner buildings (Mall entrance??), I stared at the directory trying to figure out where Harkins Theatre was.  Lo, and Behold, this began my over the valley and through the woods hike.  If you're handicapped or have health issues, don't go here.  It isn't handicap friendly at all!  Everyone I asked for directions didn't have a clue.  When I finally stumbled upon the theatre, I immediately became claustrophobic.  The theatre was squeezed behind the food court, which left very little room for customers to line up and pay for tickets. If that wasn't enough, and to add insult to injury, the 7pm movie that I had passes to preview (note i arrived at 5:30pm despite getting lost)  had sold out earlier in the day at 1pm.  I was so disgusted and upset that I had an asthma attack.\n\nRetracing my steps to find the \"green garage\" was doubly difficult by my asthma attack.  I finally stumbled upon a Help\/Security Desk and asked the clerk for help. Between gasps for air, I told her that I'd been walking around for 1.25 hours trying to find the correct exit to the green garage where my car was parked.  She tried asking me if I remembered any stores that I'd passed? Well duh, I'm having difficulties breathing here and if I remembered the stores, why would I be walking around for 1.25 hours still looking for my car?  She finally called an elderly security guard.  Obviously the elderly man must pride himself on his physical prowess, as he walked far too fast for me to keep up with and still breathe!  My maintenance inhaler isn't an effective substitute for my rescue inhaler (which I didn't have on me).  Not only was he walking very fast, but he kept asking me questions.  Why aren't these people trained to both recognize and assist ppl in physical distress? Were the tables reversed, and I had to help such a customer I'd dial 9-1-1.  The Security Guard led me out of the mall and into a parked golf cart which he drove (and I had to hold on tight to not fall out of the doorless cart when he turned corners) to the \"green\" garage.  I did manage, between wheezes, to tell him what type of vehicle I had and yet he kept still asking me questions??? I was good only for a yes nod or shake no. I pointed to my car and damn near fell jumping out of the vehicle.  Since I couldn't talk, I used sign language to tell him \"Thank you,\" but he'd already taken off.  Gee, do you think he understood my signing?  I have a definite problem with this Mall, which sells High end merchandise, but apparently skimps on training their Customer Service Support.\n\nWould you believe that I drove the wrong way going home, and discovered the huge Harkins Theatre, on a different street than Camelback?  My trip would've been so much easier had I been given the exact address. It would've also helped if all pass holders who hadn't checked in, been notified that the show was full.\n\nWill I ever return?  How's that saying go:  \"Fool me once.....\"