There is pretty much nothing I don't like about Green P parking or the app itself.  Before the mobile app Green P parking was and still is one of the best options when it comes to public parking in Toronto. \n\nAlso known as the Toronto Parking Authority, yes this is a municipal authority (city government) entity that is in charge of the public parking as opposed to private parking in the city of Toronto.\n\nWhat makes Green P so good?  Well I admit I will attempt to park for free where ever it is available legally of course but from time to time when I'm not taking the TTC and I need to find reasonably priced parking in town easily - Green P is the way to go for a variety of reasons.\n\nThe top reason?  Availability.  Green P has the most public parking in the city.  If it's not an actual lot, it's street parking.  Ain't no private parking going to be in charge of street parking.  The streets are governed by Green P.  Being able to find Green P parking is easier with the app because you can search for it based on your destination etc.\n\nDefinitely another reason Green P is thumbs up is the price.  Sure prices vary where ever you are.  That's the way it is however if you look at many other parking structures or private companies say like Impark or cash lots you may find that the pricing is VERY competitive for Green P.\n\nGone are the days of coin operated turn meters whether manual or digital.  They've been replaced by printed ticket curbside vending machines that if you're paying by card or coins, you'll need to get your printed receipt and place it on your dash.  If you want to pay via the app you can simply punch in the location ID and you don't need to feed a machine either with your card or coins to get a printed receipt to have to place back inside your vehicle.  Using the App validates your parking without having to use the curbside machine at all.  \n\nUsing the app is easy.  You tie your account to a credit card for reloading parking as needed.  You actually only have to reload when you need it.  I tried to find a way to reload it prior to actually needing it and I couldn't find a way.  You can tie multiple payment methods such as credit cards, bank transaction cards (that are actually also credit cards) and even PayPal.\n\nWhen using the app to park all you need to do is simply log into the app, know the location ID of the lot or street area you are in (this number is posted clearly on the lot signs OR the curbside vending machines) and you can select how long you are going to park and the rate is given by hour.  You can manually override how long you will be there based on hourly charge (such as if you're only going to be there for say half an hour) or even use the flat rate for a certain time period.  Funds are automatically deducted from your Green P account and if you need to reload it on the spot that's fast and simple as well. \n\nYou can pay for parking for basically ANY vehicle, including rentals or vehicles owned by others.  The app DOES NOT CARE who owns the vehicle but rather as long as the license plate is entered in your app (all license plates\/cars can be managed) and it's paid for, it's the same as if you had the paper receipt on your dash.  When I went out one night I paid for my friend's parking using the app.  He even had Florida plates and that was ok.  I was able to add his vehicle and pay for his parking using my account.  This allows for out of towners\/tourists to use this app as well.\n\nThe app has the advantage of not having to go back to the car to place a paper receipt on the dash as well as you don't have to use the lot or curbside vending machines.  No card scan in public, no pocket full of change needed.  Also the app has timers and will REMIND you when your parking will expire if you've set it up that way.  How about renewing your parking from where ever you are without having to go back to your car.  Sound good?  Then get the app!\n\nOf course keep in mind there are some lots where parking at certain hours or overnight is not permitted.  Certain streets do not allow parking say during rush hour etc.  I've never used Green P during times when it was not valid so I can't say what kind of notification is given but besides any sort of times that are off limits, it won't allow you do pay for parking for invalid times.\n\nIf you require a street parking permit you can even renew your permit via the app.\n\nTo summarize:\n\n-Green P is a widely available option for parking all over the city of Toronto\n-Green P offers competitive parking rates if not better than most private lots\n-If you don't wish to use the lot or curbside vending machines to pay via card or coins the mobile app is available.\n-The mobile app can tie to multiple payment methods such as credit card or even PayPal\n-You can add any vehicle to the mobile app to be able to pay for parking including rentals and out of province vehicles including US plates\n-The app can notify you when your parking will expire beforehand \n\nGreen P FTW!