Reserved a table for Valentine's day for 7:30. When we arrived it was 7. We checked in with the crypt keeper, she snapped at me when I told her my name and what time I had reservations. Well I blew her of as I knew she was stressed. She had walk in diners and diners with reservations. I watched her take some crap from a walk up diners (6 people)with no reservations. Guess she knew she would make some fast cash off of big parties, 2 people parties like mine are not huge money makers. They Broke her balls,  begging to be sat, she caved sat them, and forced people with reservations to continue waiting.  When our 7:30 on the button time came, she freaked out as there was my reservation and another couple waiting at the same time. She offered a table in the middle of the room, that was very high traffic, she very bluntly said \"take it or leave it, I won't force you to to stay\".  \nI let the other couple that walked in behind me take that table, I INFORMED the hostess that I will wait for a table that is away from hustling wait staff and patrons leaving. We eventually were seated.\n\nThe atmosphere is that of a chuck cheese for old snow birds. A group of 10 or more snow birds took all the tables in the center of the room. Loud and drunk on their vodka tonics and heart meds, and smelling of hemroid cream, they were out of control. I was expecting a nice romantic dinner at a greek, medeteranian cuisine restaurant. I had to text my date in order to talk to her.\n\nHonestly I don't remember how the food tasted, we ordered the steak and lobster special. Our server was nice, she came by when she could (drop off drinks and drop off check) the rest of the time I don't know where she was.\n\nIf you are going to put on a huge valentine's night dinner special, close the doors and allow reservation holders first pick.  Sadly this place was chasing the dollar, allowing roudy retired adults to act like 3 year old drunks, place was to bright, drop the lighting to set the mood.\n\nI learned my lesson, next year Durants here I come.\nDINO'S can eat my ass, there is nothing remotely special about this garbage heap they call a restaurant.  I also suspect the rude nasty hostess was the owner...anyone like that rocking an attitude and doesn't fear getting fired...has to be part owner or is banging the owner. So let me break it down for you Dino's. \"YOU ARE FIRED\"