So, I just moved to the area and had a hankering for some Chinese food. What was a girl to do, but consult my trusty Yelp! app and see where it led me. Wel-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l......I must say this is the first time I feel like I've been led astray.\n\nYou see, my go to whenever visiting a new Chinese place is a soup and a rice dish. I mean if a Chinese restaurant can't get that right then there's no way anything else I order is going to be any good. That philosophy hasn't let me down yet......hmmmmm now if there was just someway to apply that to relationships and I'd be a millionaire.........\n\nBut, I digress..... back to the food. My no flavor won ton soup was full of ribbons of pork fat (no meat) that still had the veins running through it......blech!!! The house fried rice tasted like old pork, dried-out old chicken, old shrimps mixed with rice that had been fried up in at least 2 month old oil. To make sure I gave this place a fair shake I did refridgerate and attempt to eat the food the next, but to no avail I still began to feel ill immediately after.\n\nNow don't get me wrong. I believe all of the opinions about this place are true. But, I also think the lovely folks that live around this neighborhood must have iron-clad stomachs or they have been fed so much bad Chinese food it's been determined that this place is good. It's all relative????..maybe?????\nUnfortunately, the food I was served was illness-inducing. That's the only way I can honestly describe it.\n\nIn fact, the following day I felt so sick after taking just a few bites of rice that, out of curiosity, I decided to check out the Dirty Diner report so I could find out if there were any Chinese restaurants around here worth going to. To my shock, but not surprise Ming Gee was at the top of the list for multiple violations. Many of the violations for things that would cause a person to have food poisoning. And that is why for the first time in my life I threw away $20 worth of food with no regrets.\n\nTo add insult to injury I too was charged this mysterious 12% another Yelper mentioned in a previous post. Funny....when I took my total pre-tax bill and multiplied by 12% my handy-dandy little calculator showed I should have paid more than what I paid. Then I thought maybe they're taxing more the dish that contains shrimp, but even that did not add up. \n\np.s. I waited a few weeks to write this review to see if any other reviews showed up. WHY???? Because there has been a big, fat CLOSED sign on the front door for at least the last week. So-o-o-o-o-o-o my question is how is it a few people have eaten at this restaurant in the last 2 days when the place hasn't been open within the last 2 days?.......hmmmmmm?????\n\nBottom Line: I cannot in good conscience recommend this restaurant to anyone. You are risking your health by eating there IMHO. Also, if their doors do open again expect to pay a higher amount than whatever total you are given online or over the phone.