Before I start my review, here is info about me if you haven't yet read any of my other reviews of psychics. In addition to being a scientific\/engineering consultant, I'm a mystic, spiritual healer and an intuitive. When I travel, I usually get readings from at least 2 local psychics -- each total strangers to me before the start of the reading -- wherever I visit.\n\nSince I'm a mystic and spiritual healer, my life is filled with Divine love and grace, and I'm happy and very much at peace. I want to stress the fact that when I make visits to psychics during my travels, I am not seeking help with any problems, nor answers to questions, nor am I seeking spiritual guidance. Rather, I visit them and ask for a general life reading simply because God asks me to do so, and to have a fun way of connecting with other practitioners in the realms of the metaphysical arts.\n\nSo, when reading my reviews of psychics here, it may be VERY helpful for you to bear in mind that I did not visit them with any problems, serious questions, nor wishes in mind, nor with any \"neediness\". Due to this fact, your own experience with the same psychic might be very different from mine. In other words, your mileage may vary (from mine)! Further, my reviews of all psychics are for their psychic readings only, and never for any additional services that they might offer, such as healings, cleansings, or spiritual guidance.\n\nI wrote a Yelp review on this page for a reading from a psychic at this same wagon\/cart on Fremont St. several years ago. About 2 years ago, I then noticed that my aforementioned review, along with the other half-dozen reviews for the biz, had been completely erased by Yelp, leaving the biz page a blank slate. I assume that the biz had changed ownership, and that the new owners had convinced Yelp to erase all of the earlier reviews of the biz.\n\nDuring a 10 day stay in Old Town Vegas in May, I visited this wagon for a reading late one morning. I received a tarot reading plus palm reading, from a somewhat chubby blonde woman wearing glasses, who appeared to be in her 50s, named Helen. There was something vaguely British about her mannerisms and her accent.\n\nAs is always my practice when getting a reading, this was a totally cold reading: I told Helen, prior to the start of the reading, only my first name, date\/place of birth, and that I was visiting Vegas for a few days. I told her nothing more about myself until after the reading had ended.\n\nDespite a vague assurance from Helen at the start of the reading that I should tell her nothing and she would tell me everything, she floundered a lot, and couldn't come up with much about me or my life, other than broad and very vague guesses that were largely incorrect, altho she did notice that I had some psychic abilities and that my life was free of obstacles & problems.. She tried fishing for info, asking why I was visiting Vegas, what I do for a living, and whether I was married; I refused to answer these questions. The reading continued at a very mediocre and vague pace, with very little real true or accurate information offered. When I continued to refuse to tell her what I did for a living, she assumed that I must be retired, and she then proceeded to try to offer me vague and generalized \"retirement counseling\" instead of psychic information. How very BIZARRE! 2.2 stars at best!\n\nHelen had told me that several other readers worked out of the same wagon, so I returned to the cart 3 days later and got a reading (palm, tarot & whole life) from an elderly and somewhat stooped woman who may well have been in her late 80s. \n\nShe told me that her name was Helen, same as had the earlier\/younger reader at the cart. Since I told her that I had received a reading from a younger Helen at the cart 3 days earlier, she quizzed me intensely about the woman's appearance, and then declared dismissively that she had no idea who that reader could have been. \n\nAs usual, I gave Helen #2 no info beyond first name and birth place prior to the reading. Despite her claim that she would give me a reading with no prior info about my life, she kept asking me what I did for a living, and asked me if I perhaps worked for a local business in Vegas. I refused to answer the questions.\n\nHelen #2, after some misses, did correctly report that I seemed to be involved in spiritual work, and that I also had some kind of psychic abilities, and she also reported correctly that I seem to to do a lot of writing in spiritual areas and in technical realms. She was very much a character, and kind of bossy in a grandmotherly way, and kinda fun to chat with. However, there was little else that she was able to report correctly about my life or my past, or about me. 2.4 stars.\n\nOne plus: Unlike many other storefront psychics, neither Helen made any serious attempts to upsell me on additional high-priced services, nor to con me. \n\nBTW, my personal theory is that the two Helens are mother and daughter; they looked a lot alike.