First I set downstairs. Struck up a conversation with another single woman. We both set at the bar wanting white wine. The bartender knew nothing about wine or what was stocked. The hostess later provided a cheap looking but creative wine list on strips of paper. They stock a number of reds and whites but none I nor the other woman was familiar with. I prefer Chablis but they don't stock any. So I decided to try the house margarita. Listen closely.... Avoid it! It doesn't taste anything like a margarita, they serve it in their regular cocktail glass and they limit you to two of them. I could not suck it down and I can usually drink just about anything that's a cocktail that I set my mind to with a few exceptions. Mark this as a new exception. \n\nFurther more the young bartender did not know what he had on hand. I ordered a Canadian Whiskey and 7 up. He poured and tried to get me to drink a Chivas Regal & 7! The Canadian Club and Seagram Seven was in plain sight! \n\nOur party decided to move upstairs and it took the bar 25 minutes to combine 3 tabs to be paid on one credit card! \n\nUpstairs the waiter decides to card me! Come on I'm old enough to be your mother! He backs down. But when the other female in our party of now four orders a round of shoots for us it takes more than 30 minutes to get them. Because our waiter felt she was tipsy, I'm told when I track him down. \n\nWe looked at the menu but nothing was appealing, not even the font choice of the menu! Worst menu I have ever seen in a new establishment. If not the worst ever. Everything is overpriced. Happy hour consist of half off drinks and $1 off small plates! One dollar! Why bother? \n\nThe host\/hostess furthermore kept people waiting at the door at 5pm when there was a number of tables in sight, as well as the majority of the bar. None of us understood that. The restrooms are located on the main floor only and the women's room is a major track to the entry should you need to go, so beware if you are upstairs! The upstairs is not accessible to anyone who can not climb a flight of steep stairs by the way. Many say they like the building but I personally find nothing about it appreciative. They proudly boast that it was built from the ground up for this purpose & use. Being an ex- architect student, take my opinion for free... it's a crappy design! The excessive outdoor seating is nice for a few months out of the year but soon 3\/4 of their seating will be avoided due to the AZ heat or seasonal rainstorms. Also the color scheme of gray on gray isn't very inviting. \n\nI chuck this up to been there, done that. I will not be returning. After all why?  Menu sucks, drinks sucks, service sucks, seating sucks.