Things to know about me: \nPizza is my favorite food in the world.\nIf I could only eat one thing for the rest of my life it would be pizza.\nI don't like the average pizza toppings that tend to be used.\n\nWith all that, I give Glass Nickel Pizza Co. a solid 4 stars.  We have eaten there once and gotten take out once and both times were great.  Dine in trip we got the Nickel Nuggets (because they didn't have cheese curds) which are essentially just fried pieces of dough served with marinara sauce.  They were okay, definitely not the best dough balls I've ever had, I probably wouldn't order them again, but I didn't hate my life for eating them.\nWe also got a Fetalicious pizza with hand tossed crust that was absolutely phenomenal.  The crust is super tasty, very well seasoned, and is actually worth eating for those who aren't fans of the pizza crust.  I thought the toppings of feta and mozzarella cheese with tomatoes, spinach, mushrooms, and red onion worked really well together and everything was cut to a nice size so you got a little taste of everything in each bite.  Seems like a simple thing, but it's amazing how poorly some places make pizza just based on how they cut their meat and veggies.  And the pizza was also delicious two days later after being heated up in a microwave at work in the lunchroom, so bonus points for that!\n\nSecond time we got a pizza to go and had friends over to help eat it.  Them being meat pizza people and us being veggie people pizza, we decided to go with the deluxe which is basically a supreme.  However, we decided to take it one step further and customize it to our liking to make it awesome.  Gone with the sausage and pepperoni, in with the bacon and chorizo!  Gone with the mushrooms in with extra spices!  And the best part was, there was no charge to substitute these ingredients (none of them were premium ones) and it was cheaper to sub than to do a build your own!  That pizza was also bonkers awesome tasty and made for delicious leftovers again that I craftily stole (read, got up before him) from the hubs to take to work.\n\nThe interior of the actual restaurant isn't really anything special and is laid out kind of strangely. It's not the most inviting or comfortable place to eat, but the pizza is so good, and that's what really matters.  Our server was friendly and helpful, nothing special, but definitely not bad.\nWould recommend for a general I want tasty pizza for dinner spot!