Sin City Smokers is Hot & New.  Actually, they're not new to Las Vegas.  Sin City Smokers is known around town as one of the best BBQ catering businesses in Las Vegas.  They're also known throughout the country and have placed 1st place for \"Best Ribs\" a ton of times.  Check out their trophy cage located inside their restaurant.  It's pretty impressive. \n\nI heard rumors over a year ago that Sin City Smokers was planning on opening a restaurant in Las Vegas.  And finally, they're here.  Sin City Smokers is known for their ribs, but it's the brisket that brought me here.  If they have good ribs, they must have a good brisket too.  Besides, I usually skip pork and not a huge ribs guy.  The menu isn't stacked like the rest of the BBQ restaurants in town.  Their meats consist of ribs, hot links, BBQ chicken, and brisket.  Pick your meat and then choose how you want it served.  I chose to have the brisket with their Texas toast.  I have to admit, the brisket is one of the best that I've had in Las Vegas.  The brisket was a combination of fatty and lean, which is just how I like it. It was also tender and had that smoked flavor to it.  It's a good thing that the brisket was good because the Texas toast was a little dry.  The brisket was so good that I ended up eating it by itself with no sauces.  If I had an issue with their brisket, it's the portion size.  I got about 6 oz. of brisket for $9.99.  Additional sides are $2 and I got their Maple Bacon Baked Beans.  This was pretty good.  I just thought it was a little small (less than a cup) for the price.  \n\nOverall, I have mixed feelings about Sin City Smokers.  Las Vegas has a lot of BBQ restaurants in town, especially in Henderson.  For the price I paid, I'm used to getting about 8 oz. of meat, sometimes two different types, and two sides.  Also keep in mind that they don't hook it up here.  The menu is also missing beef ribs, tri-tip, burnt ends, turkey, etc.  I'm not saying they don't have it or can't make it.  It's just not on their menu.  The sides for $2 each are on the smaller side too.  But then again, I didn't get what they're known for and that's their ribs.  The reason for the 4 star review is because their brisket is so good and worth coming back for. I just wish the portions, including their sides, are a little bigger.  \n\nTIP #1: Located off Green Valley and Sunset, where Sumo Sushi used to be located. \nTIP #2: Check out their Weekly Specials.  \nTIP #3: Signature Sandwiches also on the menu (3 pork sandwiches \/ 1 beef sandwich)