Oh, HT... how I love you so.  Any company that will allow me to do my shopping online to avoid the people on the phone with apparently nowhere to be, those fukakta giant plastic car carts or the mini-metal-ankle-bashing carts, and the stray husband who is not the main grocery-getter who is aimlessly wandering up and down the aisles muttering to himself, is a great place in my book.\n\nThat's right.  I said online shopping.  Some areas even have delivery as an option.  You just sit yourself at your computer and do your grocery shopping online.  This service has saved me time, money and sanity.  Instead of rushing in hangry (that's hungry mixed with angry) after a long day at work and filling my cart with Dorito's, 2-liter Cokes and (previously) Twinkies (Damn you Hostess!  Give a girl a Ding Dong!), I can calmly, from the comfort of my sofa (or my desk at work, shhhh), with the weekly ad open so I can shop the sales, place my grocery order.  \n\nThe common complaint is HT is more expensive.  Psssh.  Shop the sales!  They have B1G1 or even B2G3 on many items every week.  I have never had an issue with the \"home shoppers\" picking out bad meat or produce and the expiration dates on other items are generally pretty far away.  During the summer, they generally run a special that the service fee is $1.95, and for the rest of the year it's $4.95.  Five bucks for someone else to do my grocery shopping for me?  SIGN ME UP!\n\nYou do your order online (keeping track of what you are spending in your cart, you KNOW how much your order is going to be and if you need to delete the extra bag of Oreos to stay under a certain amount).  You select a timeframe in which you will pick the groceries up (at least 4 hours from the time of order).  You drive to the front of the store to the parking spaces with cross-hatches painted in yellow.  You press the button on the yellow call box and when answered you give your last name.  They bring your groceries already bagged to your car, load them for you and then you pay via check or credit card.  How easy and convenient is that?!!?\n\nI do on occasion actually go into the store if I HAVE to (*groan*), which has recently been remodeled.  Clean, big, well laid out, huge selection.  Always friendly employees, many of which have been there for all the years that I have been going there, so you get consistently good service.\n\nThank you Harris Teeter Stonecrest for doing you part to prevent my grocery-rage and keeping me out of the prison system.  My mother thanks you as well.