My husband and I were in the mood for trying pizza somewhere off the beaten path (at least for us), so after a quick search, we were on our way to Shelly Pie in Turtle Creek.\n\nShelly Pie is a sit-down pizza restaurant (though they also serve things other than pizza). It has a warm and welcoming vibe...most of the people there seemed to be locals. It was very clean, bright, and had lots of TVs. Our server couldn't have been nicer and was very attentive.\n\nWe opted to keep things very basic and ordered provolone sticks for an appetizer and a medium cheese pizza for dinner. The provolone sticks arrived in short order and were delicious....fried to perfection and appropriately gooey. The best part of the sticks was the marinara sauce they were served with....super flavorful! Most dipping sauces are bland and generic, but this actually had chunks of tomato and lots of visible spices. It was so good that we actually ate the rest with a spoon when we ran out of provolone sticks (don't judge). \n\nAfter we were done with our appetizer, it took a REALLY long time for our pizza to come out. I mean....we're talking probably 45 minutes? Our waiter was really apologetic and kept saying....\"It should be out soon...how long could it possibly take to make a cheese pizza?!\" (Our thoughts exactly!) At one point he even offered to bring us out some bread to nosh on, which we declined since our appetizer had taken the edge off of our hunger, but we appreciated his concern. So the service was great! But hopefully 45 minutes for a cheese pizza is not the norm and we were just there when they were having an off night in the kitchen....because that's definitely too long to wait for something so simple!\n\nWhen our pizza finally arrived, we eagerly dug in and weren't disappointed. The crust was thick and chewy....pretty unique from other Pittsburgh shops. They also go CRAZY on the cheese....it's super gooey and heavy, so you'll definitely want to sop up some of the extra grease with a napkin before digging in (or I guess maybe not, depending on your feelings about grease, haha). Overall, it was a really tasty pizza. My only complaint was that it was a little sparse on the sauce.....their sauce is delicious, and I found myself wishing the pizza had more to balance out the extra cheese and thick crust. However, that was easily solved by asking our waiter for some extra sauce on the side, which he happily brought. And next time I'll ask for the pizza to be extra saucy! \n\nLong pizza wait time aside, we were very pleased with the food and service, so even though this isn't exactly around the corner from us, it's certainly worth making the drive again to partake in this deliciously unique pizza!