Freed's Bakery has been a local favorite for decades. When you first walk in don't forget to take a number and wait in line to pick out your bakery treats. When it gets really busy inside sometimes you might not see that you need to get a number, but make sure that you do so you get your proper place in line. I don't live on the side of town Freed's is on, so I really love that they have online ordering and that it's as user friendly as it is. When I place my order online they send a confirmation e-mail with the time and pick-up date of my order and when I walk inside, I simply go towards the left at the register where they handle pick-up orders. It's so easy and convenient. If you already know what you want to order this is a great way to bypass having to get a number and waiting in line. The employees have always been courteous and helpful. \n\nI recently tried some of their newest cupcake creations and the Orange Creamsicle Cupcake was really good! The texture of the cake was good and the flavor lived up to the name. When I saw that Freed's was offering a King Cake (only available for a short time each year) and that they gave the option to have the baby put under\/in the cake, I knew I had to order one. Most places will not put a baby in or under the cake anymore for obvious reasons, choking. I personally like the fun and tradition of seeing who gets the slice with the baby in it. I will say that the King Cake (cinnamon) I had this year from Freed's wasn't traditional to the ones I've had from New Orleans, it was more like a coffee cake. I still liked the taste of it and would order it again, but next time I'd try the cream cheese or fruit fillings. I'm sort of surprised that with the beautiful and tasty challah bread that Freed's makes that they couldn't come up with a more traditional texture\/flavor recipe. The medium King Cake I ordered was fairly priced at $14.95 and was garnished with decorative beads. \n\nYou can also find a variety of cookies, custom cakes, cupcakes, pastries and if you just want a slice of cake they have that also. \n\nFirst Friday Challah - The challah bread ($6.95) here is amazing! It's the only bread I use for french toast and it's only available the first Friday of each month. You cannot order it the same day, so make sure and call ahead or order online to make sure you get some. You can order it braided or as rolls.