My boys and I arrived around 10ish and we would've had to wait but \"Roy party of 3\" was called twice and I became \"Roy\".  Although the wait would've been worth it.\nAll of the staff from the seating hostess, waitress, bussers...all seemed like they liked working there and were all very pleasant.\nWe ordered a chicken and an egg just to see what would come first.\nThe drinks came quickly & just a personal preference but add some flavored creams for coffee.  My boys both had fresh squeezed OJ.\nAnd then came the food! One of my boys ordered the bananas fosters french toast and it was sugary outstanding!! My youngest ordered the regular french toast and it was more than he could eat, which is saying something.  Since they are both in major growth spurts, they also ordered eggs and bacon....my oldest put it all down!! Unbelievable.  I ordered the Eggs Benedict which was great but could've eaten more than the spoonful of side potatoes.\nWalking out I could've used a wheel barrel to cart my ass out, but we all commented on how it was one of the best breakfasts we'd had in a very long time.\nOverall...eggsellent & we will definitely return.\nUPDATE\nTook my now 12 year old baby for breakfast. That seating hostess is awesome! She deserves a raise.\nOK seriously, the service overall was excellent again but the reason for this update is because the omelet I ordered has to be the best that ive ever shoved in my face! It's called the Eggington and even I can figure out that its their signature omelet. I would describe it but I cant do it justice and Im too far away to go get one. The hollandaise is exactly how I make it & I licked the plate clean. Zane chowed dowm several bites of it while trying to get through the huge stacks of french toast. That quick growing boy couldn't do it & the leftovers were devoured. Thankfully we were smart enough to not plant ourselves on the couch afterwards or the day would've been a total waste.\nThis place is by far our favorite breakfast place, even if my daughter didnt work there.