I had a mixed experience at the MGM.  When we first arrived, we were told to call a certain number to check if our room was ready.  We did around one and the woman who answered was really rude.  We called again at two and the woman snapped at me and hung up.  I called guest services and spoke with a very sweet manager named Monique.  I explained to her what was going on, and she could not have been more apologetic.  She bought us lunch and changed the woman answering the phones, because when we called back around three, we spoke to a very pleasant woman, and our room was finally ready.  LOL.  \n\nThe room was basic, and with all the taxes, resort fees, breathing fees, etc, our room was $300 per night.  Definitely too high for such a simple room.  We didn't even have a mini bar. (Although, that may have been a blessing in disguise.)  \n\nThe casino is well laid out, and easy to navigate even after, uh hem, a few glasses of sangria at Wolfgang Puck's. They check room keys at the elevator to keep everybody safe, which I really like.  Plus, I won $400 on the slots.  The casino gets five stars. LOL.\n\nWe went to a bar called Taboo.  Free booze = yes.  The bartender on the far side close to the DJ on Friday, June first, was a complete jerk.  He glared at me when I asked to give him my credit card so I could tip him, since everything was free.  Then he bit the head off a girl who asked if she could smoke.  It was really weird.  I have never met an angry Vegas bartender until now.  The DJ was also SUPER pretentious.  He refused to take requests, had his own security, (give me a break) and only played about 20-30 seconds of each song.  We stayed until the free booze was cut off and made a break for the Rouge Lounge, which was awesome, and had great bartenders.\n\nNow on to my favorite part.  The LAZY RIVER!!  Okay, whose idea was it to make a lazy river, inner tubes with handles, and serve me (wildly expensive, but delicious) fruity drinks?  Because I love you.  We had a blast!  It was the most fun I've had in Vegas!  Great people, clean, cool water, strong drinks, awesome music, and on and on.  \n\nWe went to the producers' pool after the lazy river closed and the security guys were such jerks!  They kept yelling at people for making out, smoking, being drunk, etc.  Um, are we in Vegas or in church?  Those guys need to chill out, or find a new job. IT'S VEGAS, for crying out loud.  Sheesh.\n\nI was torn as to how many stars I should give.  Monique, the lazy river and Wolfgang Puck's get five, but the other staffers, the cost, and Taboo get one.  So I gave three.  I may try a different hotel next time, but this one had some good points. :)