Based on other reviews and the legion of loyal customers I may got shot for my review but, here goes! (Just pure honesty from my experience folks!)\n\nI am really not sure what the hype is about with this place... Let me tell you why I question this.\n\nThe restaurant itself is small with nine tables. At 1:30 on a Saturday I had anxiety about whether we were going to have a place to sit. I didn't see one table get wiped down the whole time we were there and every chair in this place has one leg that is too short so you tip the whole time you are sitting down. Everyone knows how annoying this is! \n\nThe atmosphere is like going to an elderly aunts house with old china and books as decorations and the 'help yourself' command is a bit disconcerting. Like being at someone's house for the very first time and having to act like you are completely comfortable making yourself at home. \n\nThe food. I have now learned that over $30 for two people at a burger joint is the 'going rate'. Hubs and I both had the 1\/4 lb burgers. Ya, not good. Thin, over done and dried out. Maybe we should have tried a stuffed burger that everyone raves about. Maybe then they wouldn't be able to over cook it. The burger bun was cold and the cheese on my burger wasn't melted (or even centered on my burger). The burger also looks tiny on these huge buns. The poutine was good and the gravy tasted homemade. Thank you!\n\nThe service was uncomfortably over friendly. Just trying not to make eye contact in the fear the very loud and gushing verbal assault may be directed at you. Some people may like this, I do not. The wait for our burgers wasn't bad, only 10-15 minutes. I feel sorry for the multiple tables who came in before us and still didn't have their food by the time we got ours. Maybe they ordered the magical stuffed burgers and had to wait to ensure the burger was sufficiently over done. \n\nI understand this place is a tourist attraction in the city and kind of a 'big deal', with being on the Canadian Food Network show 'You Gotta Eat Here'. They also have pictures of our mayor eating there and have loyal, local customers... they can have it, it is all theirs!!!