This is my second time staying at Monte Carlo...last time ive stayed here was about 3 years ago before the renovations to the shops and etc. Plus its also  because i went to bigger hotels like cosmo to stay at  (yes i am quite bougie on hotel rooms- dont hate :P )..esp if i can spend a lil more..i would get much more amenties. \n\n My last stay 3 years ago wasnt so bad and it was quite decent at a fair price. I never mind it because it wasnt a circus circus. So for this past stay...my bf and i decided to a trip to LV on a spontaneous\/just because trip. Price was fair around 114 bucks for two nights..not including the annoying $20 resort fee. I did recieve 2 buffet passes since i booked it on expedia and their big belly buffet is amazing! even better than the higher end buffets like aria's. \n\nthe front desk was very personable and friendly...i love it when i can get great customer service and have a mini convo rather than a angry chick typing away and youre silent for 15 mins. at first she said there was no room availiable for a 1 king bed...which i found a lil weird because i arrived around 230 so yes its a half an hour early but not even a common room like that? i guess. they only had a double bed open and i asked if i were to upgrade to a suite how much it would be...but it wasnt really much a discount..even though i was willing to pay for a upgrade..just didnt seem worth it because i felt as if it wasnt a great of a discount..if i went on expedia.com then yeah maybe.  i asked how long it would take for my original standard king bed room would be and she said \"oh it could be hours and hours.\"\n\nwth. why in the world would be hours and hours?! thats cray. mhm, i went there..a lil ghetto in me came out.\n\nso i was getting frustrated because it was like going back and forth with options. she looked further into her computer and found a king sized bed but it was a handicapped version of it out of nowhere. i didnt get how it just magically opened up but i took it because i didnt want to wait for hours and i wanted to get my drink on already.\n\nthe room was average, better than tropicana, better than excalibur's...one lamp had a lightbulb out, rusty stains in the bathroom, keyboard for the tv didnt work, one of the comforters had a torn hole in them, toliet and bathtub water pressure were super hard! (it was scary flushing your shit down because it felt like it would suck your ass and whole body too!), and other small cosmetic flaws...but even with that i was okay with it because like i said it was a just because trip and it wasnt like i was celebrating an anniversary or a bday..so for the price thats what i got. \n\nthe hotel was at a great location in my opinion..in middle, we used the tram everyday of our trip..great transportation, shops are decent, buffet is amazing, clean casino, clean rooms, self parking lot was breeze (minus the construction) and a good atmosphere..i just wished there was a lil more to see.\n\ni would love to try their hotel 32 if i could afford it one day haha.