I'm probably going to get punched on some street somewhere for this, but I'll say it: I don't like Mad Mex. Is there a Yelp Witness Protection Program? I used to frequent the Oakland location, because of discounts and peer pressure, and I've tried most of the menu and find none of it terribly exciting. It had, however, been years, so when my husband and I needed dinner on Friday, we thought we'd try the North Hills location. Who knows; maybe I had been wrong all these years?\n\nAlas, no. The adventure as it unfolded:\nI called in our to go order: One pickadippa, which is now $12 for carryout and comes with 8oz containers of each dip, for which we chose original salsa, cheese dip, and guacamole; one steak quesadilla; one chicken chimi. The woman who took my order was polite and thorough and said the food would be ready in 20-25 minutes. My long-suffering husband hopped in the car and headed over, and wound up parking 4 stores down on McKnight, as apparently their parking lot was like the mall at Christmas. I'd assumed it would be easy since we're in the north 'burbs and there are parking lots, but my bad.\n\nThe thing that really makes me want to leave a one star review this time is that, once he got into the restaurant, he approached the hostess stand and said he was there to pick up an order. The hostess just said \"You'll have to fight your way to the bar,\" which, thanks for the help! The bar was swarming with people and he stood there for several minutes to no avail when finally a server there to pick up a drink order assisted him. It took almost an hour for him to return with our dinner, of which solidly 30 of those minutes were spent in the restaurant. So, part of the lesson is: Don't decide on Mad Mex for quick takeout on a Friday at 6pm, apparently.\n\nAt any rate, he did return eventually, and I eagerly tucked in to the grub. Unfortunately, it seems my memory was right. Everything was just sort of meh at best. The salsa had nearly no flavor except for a slight kick; the tomatoes were rubbery and mealy. The cheese dip tasted more like canned cheese soup, and the guacamole was redolent of... citric acid? It didn't taste fresh at all and stayed green for almost 10 hours. (I left plenty in the container to check.)\n\nThe husband reported that the steak in his quesadilla didn't have much flavor, and that it primarily tasted of onions and peppers. My chimichanga tasted alright, since, you know, fried tortilla, but the chicken itself was no great shakes. The red pepper sauce (served in a small dressing cup) had a great flavor, and was the highlight of the meal for me. The rice was bland, and the black beans so flavorless I almost cried. I love black beans. If you want good black beans, go to Chicken Latino. Just a PSA.\n\nSo yeah. Nearly $40 and some trouble later, neither of us was happy with our meal. I don't get it, folks. Someone clue me in on what, exactly, is actually GOOD at Mad Mex. Or is it just all those Big Azz Margaritas you're drinking?