Ive been here multiple times and love their food. Living in california i come here at least once a month. Any foodie knows there is more to a restaurant experience than a great product. An amazing restaurant has three basics covered:1) customer service 2) great food offerings 3) an overall great experience. This place lacks customer service which kills the experience. I stood there on a packed Tuesday and saw 3-5 different employees walk by with no acknowledgement that I existed. No eye contact, no greeting, no words at all! After 10 mins and a line out the door I left irritated and ticked. \n\nI sympathize with the youth movement and the college atmosphere this place has, however customer service needs to be emphasized to the men and women working the floor. They are the face of your store and if this trend continues, eventually customers will get fed up and go elsewhere. If I am an owner I would be pissed if this negative behavior was going on in my business. The business acumen is very important and should be a learning tool to teach the college kids the important lessons which can be applied to all different job titles. The staff I saw working tonight looked lazy and tired. Maybe due to the high temperature of the restaurant however with poor customer service and lack of a face in the entrance greeting me with a smile and a friendly greeting, it leaves me feeling like you don't want my money and you don't care enough about your customers standing around. Eventually the attitude of we have a superior product that ppl pay for and they not have to worry about customer service will come back to bite them in the butt.\n\n\nAreas for improvement\n\nThe waiters should be focused on turning tables and getting the checks as soon as the dessert is finished as opposed to walking around with their heads cut off. More tables being turned equates to more tips. I saw 4-6 tables sitting talking on their phone when they could have been served their checks or ordered more food. My avg time from start to finish was between 90-120 mins! You cut my time in the restaurant to 60 mins with efficient service and food running from the kitchen this place could double its profits and increase tips. \n\nThey need someone to work the front and greet the customers and let them know they are wanted, appreciated and they want to provide me with a great meal! \n\nDrinks out in under 5 mins from order (I waited 20 mins and she forgot about my 2nd beer later in the evening and I had to remind her so 30 mins for a pint of beer...total wait time for 2 drinks: 50 mins\n\nNotification on food times (depends on who is working) \n\nChallenge your servers to turn tables faster \n\nServers need to be smiling and social