I have problems. It comes with age. I know I have bad posture from the corporate days when I have to sit on my ass all day long and talk on the phone with my neck holding the earpiece. So rinse and repeat like that for over 10 years. No wonder I have problems. \n\nIn addition, I don't sleep correctly like I should.  You know you see those mattress commercials where a couple sleep together next to each other with a smile on their face ? Reality: I'm on the edge of the bed being kicked out by one of my kids. \n\nSo my pain usually is around the neck area. When I heard Dr. Higo works here, I made an appointment for an adjustment. (Do note: I have known Dr. Higo as a friend for over 20 years but this review is objectively on the adjustment itself)  Now, I usually get the kind of adjustment that cracks my neck, my back, and upper shoulders. I was really looking forward to some of that cracking sensation. Then Dr. Higo told me about this light pressure procedure that's good on your neck because it was better for you as it allows the body to adjust itself. \n\nBelieve me, I was a super skeptic as the whole procedure didn't last more than ten minutes and I didn't feel a thing at first. But as I was leaving the office, I felt a strange dizziness sensation. No, I haven't had a drink yet since I was in Vegas that day but I can tell you that something was working. \n\nI have a limited range of my neck from time to time. It's only on one side of my neck and I can't go full turn on one of my sides. After the adjustment, not only can I go full turn on both sides, I no longer hear a crack when I try to turn my neck.  Honestly, I couldn't believe how little pressure behind the ear could impact so much in my neck area.  So now, every time I'm in Vegas (which is every 6 months or so), I make an effort to see Dr. Higo. \n\nThey currently have a Groupon being offered at this location, I believe it's $59 for 3 sessions. (As of Jan 2015) Sorry, I just don't have a link to it. They also have a family and friends referral day on Jan 17th. Good time to try this place out if you're a skeptic.