When evaluating the top echelon of Las Vegas properties, the top tier is limited truly to only a small select group of 5 star venues. Wynn, Venetian, Aria, Caesars, Bellagio, etc. One cannot reasonably compare a middle market property like Bally's or Excalibur to these luxury driven, top tier palaces. It simply would be unfair. Now having said that, and being a Vegas tourist turned local (some 13 years ago), I feel that I am indeed qualified to properly assess the quality of the Wynn resort as I have stayed here as a hotel guest, dined in 7 restaurants here, played many casino games, and visited casually to enjoy the atmosphere on multiple occasions (including at this exact moment as I write this review. \n\nIt is my opinion that the Wynn (and its sister property, Encore, truly defines the utmost luxury that Las Vegas has to offer, and on multiple levels, the Wynn crushes its most formidable competition because of its extreme attention to detail. \n\nAllow me to elaborate by bringing in a most formidable competitor to contrast with: The Venetian. \n\nFirst of all, I intentionally did not want to compare Bellagio to the Wynn as Wynn himself built the Bellagio some 20 years ago, and I wanted to compare it to a property that Mr. Wynn had truly nothing to do with. The Venetian, owned and operated by Sands Corporation, under the direction of Sheldon Aldelson is nothing short of a spectacular property, but when compared to the Wynn, detail by detail, you infinitely see the differences. \n\nVegas is known for its faux luxury. Fake marble. Tapestries that are nothing more than cotton blankets. Aluminum painted to look like gold. Glass cut to appear as if it's crystal. This is the standard at Venetian. This is not the standard at the Wynn. The Wynn, for lack of a better term, is LEGIT. \n\nThough I fully respect the standard room at Venetian being over 700 square feet, with sunken living rooms and an ostentatious class that awes you as you whimsically gaze at the gondolas coasting by faux Venice canals outside your window, it truly defines the fakery that the Vegas luxury stereotype conjures.\n\nWalking around the Wynn, take note first of the floral. A large floral staff constantly updates and prunes the thousands of flowers, bushes, and trees that surround the property. The floors are interwoven with both industrial grade ostentatious carpeting you find everywhere with hand laid Italian mosaics. The walls aren't just covered in faux mahogany or painted, they are covered in imported silk, and further adorned with silk tassels and draperies from Europe. The tapestries and artwork are commissioned and individual works of art, not printed copies of known works. \n\nSteve Wynn sold off his interest in MGM Mirage corporation years ago and bought the venerable Desert Inn. He demolished that (while keeping the Golf Course) and focused all his efforts into the Wynn Las Vegas. This is the same man that built the Mirage in 1989, truly reinventing Las Vegas. He did it again with Bellagio. Now, Bellagio has taken steps down as it is corporate run and has lost some of its luxurious luster. The Wynn takes the Vegas standard of luxury and catapults it to a level that it almost doesn't deserve. The Wynn Las Vegas, without question, sets the top tier resort and casino standard in Las Vegas, and it is doubtful that any property will be able to take that accolade away from them while Steve Wynn still runs the joint. Couldn't recommend the Wynn any more highly.