While the emphasis at Lola Rosa is vegetarian rather than vegan, they do accommodate those of us who eschew cheese and eggs quite well. I tried both Lola locations and much prefer the location on Avenue du Parc because I prefer the ambiance. The space is larger and it's not quite as loud. The menu differs from location to location (more vegan options at Lola Rosa Parc). That said, both restaurants employ lovely staff who are accommodating and attentive. They are doing something right!\n\nIf you come on in the evening, do make reservations at this location. I arrived at 9pm and the entire place was packed, save for one table, the one we had reserved. Not only was it packed, but as I mentioned before, extremely loud, to the point where we pretty much were shouting at each other (and, unfortunately, the waitress. I hate being rude). I much preferred the place an hour later when the crowd had left. \n\nOn to the menu... it's well-edited. Nothing too creative or out of this world about it, which isn't always a bad thing. I ordered the soup of the day, which was a curried chickpea soup. I didn't love it, didn't hate it. I'm not a fan of completely pureed soups in general and this also needed salt. Next up, the tacos. What is really outstanding about them is the seitan, which is perfectly chewy without being rubbery and bursting with flavor. Seitan is often so bland and boring. This is the great kind! I just wish there was more of it in the tacos. \n\nLola Rosa Parc has out-of-this-world phenomenal chickpea fries. I mean... the kind of fries that you're compelled to burn your mouth on. This location does not have them. I love those fries so much that I'm mentioning them in a review for Lola Rosa Milton, so there ya go!\n\nBut what that other location doesn't have that this one does have is the Twix bar vegan dessert... a dessert in a league (or paragraph) of its own! Normally I'm too full from dinner to order dessert, but to be honest, I wasn't really in love with anything I ordered so room, I had aplenty and that's kind of serendipitous because this dessert is that insanely good.