If London streetwear edginess and urban influence could be packaged in a store inside Canada? it would be AllSaints.  Well known for their leather jackets and more fitted skinny wear, it does bring the style over the Atlantic.\n\nThe store in Yorkdale is quite similar to the ones you find in UK.  The one I visited in Leeds had half the space but the darkness and industrial loft vibe is the same.  With men's wear on one side and women's wear on the other, you can easily look around to see if any particular cloth interest you.  \n\nMost of the time, AllSaints colour scheme is dark ... olives, grey, black, or brown.  Occasionally you'll get the cream or maybe a navy.  This time.. weirdest thing, they had Hawaiian shirts for the men's.  Like I said, weird and unexpected.  The women's line tend to have a touch more colour.  With summer season, they did have a few cute summer dresses.\n\nAside from a darker colour palette, the women's wear has an obvious trend.  Nothing form fitting but it can be short!  Their mini dresses or skirts can much shorter than you're used to! That being said they do have a bunch of items that are ok to bend over and not feel like you're gonna be the next meme.  I do find their clothes to be very different compared to most North American brands.  I highly suggest you try them on ... even the ones that look terrible on the rack.  I ended up falling in love with one that looks like a potato sack ... turns out it has a gorgeous low cut drape in the front and it's short.  \n\nPrice wise... it's not cheap at all but I do find the materials very soft and the clothes well made.  They may not have a lot of tailored edges or special styling, but I find their clothes stand up well to wash and wear.  It is a bit trendy so they trend may die before the clothes do.  They do sales as well... I think I saw a few nice pieces for 40%.  So if you're not looking to spend $100 on a shirt, you could wait for the sale.  \n\nService here was pretty good ... they were greeting everyone and letting them know of the store wide sale.  They were also proactive to help find a size and also help match up other items to what we tried to find.\n\nI maybe biased but I have fond memories shopping in London at AllSaints.  I feel the Canadian stores have a very similar experience.  Maybe I'm not edgy enough to wear all the street clothes but I'll check out the cute sundress next time I'm in Yorkdale.