The day I arrived,12\/30\/15, the office staff was very busy with inventory and year end customers. My husband just told me to go get my eyes checked before our insurance benefits expired, so I did.  I had been debating getting progression lenses, but never really looked into them before.  I also had a very bad headache, so that didn't help things.  While I waited for my appointment, I browsed around, but wasn't impressed with the selection. My favorite brand, Tiffany, wasn't there, so I wasn't sure I was going to be making any purchases - but I wanted to get my eyes checked and my prescription regardless. \n\nThe eye exam went fine -  the doctor was very nice and seemed very knowledgeable - no complaints, I actually liked him. He said he wanted to dilate my eyes, and I agreed.  (I'm not sure if they offer Optomap vs dilation.  My mother told me about this after I left. Better technology. No side effects. Either way, it wasn't offered and the dilation my headache 10x worse.)\n\n\nBut before they dilated my eyes, they wanted me to go ahead and pick out my glasses and get them ordered. And like I said, I wasn't certain I would be buying anything there, plus there was also some confusion on my part as to my insurance benefits, so that took some time to understand.  Regardless, I wanted to get some priced out, so I picked out a pair of Coach frames, and sat down with a young girl to go over everything.  She didn't seem very knowledgeable and I was more confused at the end of the conversation that at the beginning, and my headache was getting worse, and I just found out glasses would cost be about $300-400.  So I'm just a little overwhelmed. \n\nAt this point the doctor comes back out to check on the status of my dilation, but we hadn't even started. So we stop all discussions and put the drops in my eyes. And I wait to be called back.  Because of the delay of everything he had seen two other people, and their eyes dilated before mine did, so I had to wait for him to finish their exams, which was about 30 minutes longer. \n\nAfter I was called back in to the exam room, I asked the assistant if it would be ok for me to just get my prescription and not buy frames today. I told her I wasn't sure if I wanted to buy them there, as I had just purchased a Costco membership and wanted to go look at their stock, and ultimately wanted Tiffany frames. She said that would be ok.  But not to tell the doctor.  According to her, he gets \"butt hurt\" when people say they want to go to Costco or 1-800-CONTACTS. I say to her the customer should be able to go where ever they want to buy frames or lenses, especially if it means they can save money.  She agreed. The doctor came in, finished the exam, and we acted like nothing was said. I went out, told the checkout lady I just wanted my prescription and left.  By this point, my head was absolutely pounding and I just wanted out of there.\n\nSo, my recommendations: \nFirst, a patient shouldn't have to \"keep quiet\" around the doctor so he doesn't get \"butt hurt\" if they choose to purchase frames or lenses elsewhere.\n  \nSecond, the phrase \"butt hurt\" shouldn't even be used in a professional office, especially to a new patient.