Spoon is easily one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh. For fine dining, I put them in the top five.\nBeen here four or five times now just to make sure I was not dreaming. But for sure this is a solid four stars and edging on five. A few subtle enhancements could tip the scale to 5.\nDécor is nice and trendy with several seating areas including a great bar.  Service includes John the top sommelier in the area, usually two hostesses, well-mannered servers and great bartenders. Service is prompt and a drink order results in libations within 5 minutes along with a choice of waters. There is a very ample selection of cocktails and wines by the bottle or glass.\nI should mention there is a prompt and courteous valet service as another notch up the service pyramid.\nNext the wonderful bread basket with warm selections of biscuits, awesome cornbread and ciabatta or some other artesian bread with sugar or honey butter to complement. We usually need a second basket as a testament.\nThe short menu is a design to keep choices interesting but not drone on, the ingredients fresh, the food delicious and it changes often enough to keep regulars coming back.\nSeafood is my favorite here in appetizer and entrée, but the soups and salads are fresh and outstanding as well. A very well enjoyed appetizer choice from the other night we had the 'bacon and eggs' appetizer which was seared pork belly, 5 minute egg (just right) sautéed spinach, and hollandaise. Also we had the crispy duck confit which was a fabulous set of ingredients of crispy duck, 3 grain salad, Indian spices, goat cheese, cucumber yogurt, and toasted almonds. Almost sounds like decadence and just about was.\nAround the tale we had the shellfish pappardelle; Alaskan black cod; cassoulet which interestingly was comprised of roasted pork, chicken sausage, duck confit, braised cannellini + cranberry beans, herbed bread crumbs, and farm egg. This was 'dryer' version of cassoulet a French peasants, style stew.\nWe have tried many other appetizers and entrees on our other visits and they all were as wonderful as these I mention here. All had the same complexity of ingredients, preparations, with flavors all overwhelmingly pleasing to the senses.