I took a long time to arrive at this review and this rating, and it comes down to this: to date, two of three drinks have been disappointing.\n\nI was ready to give Dutch Bros glowing praise after my first visit. They provided plenty of free drinks and friendly service on their grand opening day. Employees covered the long lines by the walk-up window, in the drive-thru line, and even in the curbside queue across the street. I chose a small caramelizer freeze (blended drink) and I enjoyed it immensely. It was similar to the caramel frappuccino at Starbucks, but the flavor was richer while the sweetness wasn't overpowering.\n\nWeeks later, I went for my second visit. I didn't feel like taking on as much caffeine or sugar, so I opted for the medium iced chai latte ($3.75). The flavor was roughly what you would expect, but it was lighter and waned more quickly than I would have liked. I was starting to doubt Dutch Bros after this visit, and I decided that I would need a third visit to make my decision.\n\nThat third trip was today. I was low on energy, meaning that another coffee drink would be perfect. I went to the otherwise-empty drive-thru lane, and an employee was already leaning out the window ready to speak to my order. A conversation led to her recommending the off-menu Snickers mocha, and I decided to get a large cup of the iced version ($4.75).\n\nSadly, it didn't meet expectations. To call it a Snickers drink is definitely stretching belief. Even on the first gulp, the peanut flavor was a small accent at best. It was overpowered by the chocolate and coffee. Also, while the first half of this drink provided a pick-me-up, that's to be expected with the caffeine and sugar. It kinda plateaued through the second half, which is unfortunate because a recent coffee experience elsewhere had me hoping for a bigger boost.\n\nThere are plenty of things to like, but they're all secondary to the product. Friendly service can only go so far, and stamp cards (or comparable rewards\/incentives) are not unique. I really wanted to give them brownie points for the 24\/7 availability, but I can't imagine many college students finding that helpful because of the lack of indoor seating. Their presence in an otherwise coffee-deficient neighborhood is welcome, but why factor that in when most people don't live or work close enough for it to be convenient?\n\nI'll probably give Dutch Bros an occasional visit since I'm often in the area, but I don't see what's bringing the seemingly endless cross-town visits and rave reviews. This certainly isn't the best coffee that I've had in Las Vegas, and I'm not willing to go out of my way even though it's 15 minutes at most from home. Lastly, it might be a marginally better chain than Starbucks, and it only has one location here so far, but it's still a chain.