I'm still smh as I write this one.\n\nI think that everyone that knows me, knows that my favorite cuisine is Chinese food. I received a recommendation about this place from a Phoenician. Supposedly it is the best Chinese buffet in these parts. I'm not a fan of the buffets, but I love Chinese food. I walked in and there was an un-attentive young man behind the counter glancing through houses online. I said, \"Excuse me, do I seat myself\". He said no, \"Pay first\". Buffet and drink = $12. Cool. As he seats me, I notice that the place is huge! and they have a great selection of food items. You can see the steam curling from the food bins (Yum!! when can I dig in!) I was shown to my table and I immediately headed to the buffet. I got a little bit of this and a whole lot of that, walk back to the table, and begin to eat. Everything was so good. The waiter came up to my table as I look up with a noodle of lo-mein dangling to get into my mouth. He placed the drink down and said, \"You pretty!\" (wa-what?!) \"Thank you\", I stated as I swallowed. \"You here by self.\"  I nodded. Looking up, I'm thinking...where is this going. The waiter parted by saying if there was anything that I needed, just let him know. He appeared minutes later and inquired about what I had done that day. (Really?!) I'm trying to eat! Being polite, I said that I had shopped all day. He wanted to know where. I told him. He walked away to assist others, then returned. He inquired about why I had two phones on the table and stated that it must be hard to connect with me. Then he asked if I had a boyfriend. Son, I have shoes older than you, I thought to myself. \"Yes.\" I dishonestly answered. I  had to do something to keep him from getting shot down when he asked for my telephone number. What a COMPLETE turn off! I mean really??? Totally out of line. Feeling a bit uncomfortable, I left a tip (I know, I shouldn't have) and I ducked out while he returned dishes to the kitchen. \n\nThe food was excellent. I didn't get the true feel of the buffet as I only got one plate and a bowl of soup. They did have sushi, mongolian bar, salad, and dessert; all of which I did not experience.