I called Imagine Dental to schedule an appointment as a new client for a teeth cleaning. They scheduled me for an appointment at 3pm on the Thursday of the next week. I was called on Tuesday to confirm my appointment and was advised to arrive approximately 15 minutes early to complete new client paperwork. So far so good. I was then called at 4:15 on Wednesday and was left a message stating my appointment would need to be cancelled as it was too late, but they would be open until 5 if I wanted to call back and reschedule. Of course it was after 5 pm when I received the message. I wasn't thrilled with the level of professionalism here, and the only way I planned on using this dentist was if I could still go on the same day, I was willing to go in earlier.  I would like to mention that it is very difficult for me to get time off of work and my hours are 7:30-4, and the dental office is open from 7-4. I called back the next morning and requested an appointment for that day, just slightly earlier. They were able to fit me in at 1:30 pm. \n\nI get to the office and fill out all my paperwork, go through a significant amount of pictures and x-rays. The dentist spoke quite a bit about cosmetic dentistry, veneers etc and about what work I needed done on my teeth. That all took about an hour. (While I appreciate a thorough examination, I wasn't interested in any significant cosmetic work, I simply came in for a cleaning.)\n\nI was then told I could go up to the counter and schedule my teeth cleaning. WHAT! I spoke with the women that were at the desk and expressed that I was very frustrated. First my appointment was cancelled, after they confirmed it, and now I had just spent over an hour in their office and didn't get what I came there for. I was informed at that time that they don't usually do cleanings on the first appointment, it's more of a consultation. That is all well and good, but it would have been nice to have been informed of that when I made the appointment, otherwise I would have went somewhere else. (It had been over a year since my last cleaning). They \"understand my frustration, and they try to tell everyone that calls that the cleaning doesn't happen on the first visit\" Well apparently I slipped through the cracks. Then I tried scheduling my next appointment, and lo and behold the next one that wasn't in the morning was over 3 weeks away. \n\nThe dentist and his assistant were obviously knowledgeable, and were very friendly, but I was not satisfied with how little attention was paid to the fact that I wasn't getting the services I made the appointment for. I chose this dentist based on their location and the reviews on yelp. Bear in mind those of you who are reading this, they offer free movie tickets for reviews on Yelp and Google.