When I was a little wee-Yelper my mother owned a solid brass kaleidoscope...that I wasn't allowed to play with.  Such a tragedy.  So, imagine my excitement when, upon arrival at Kaleidoscope Café, I discovered kaleidoscopes on each table.  Alas, they too were just for decoration and completely non-functional.  Sad.   The good news is, the delicious food and welcoming service at this Lawrenceville hideaway soon turned my frown upside down.  I found the menu to be diverse and unique, and I would absolutely order everything on it.  Both my guest and myself elected to start this particular meal with the carrot ginger soup.  SO delicious and nicely complemented by a basket of warm pita with fruit-laced butter.  I would roll around in this butter, it was that good.  \n\nFollowing the hearty helping of soup and pita, I moved on to the Autumn Harvest salad; a bed of spring greens topped with cranberries, apples, cheese and butternut squash dressing.  It could've used a dash of spice or two and a bigger plate (I move my lettuce around A LOT) but I was still quite satisfied.  My date ordered the gnocchi in some sort of curry sauce - a DELIGHTFUL combination that I will be trying at home should I ever have to urge to actually cook something not on the Foreman.  \n\nLike many of my fellow-Yelpers, we were nearly alone in the restaurant, save for two other couples.  Go!  Eat!  Bring booze (BYOB)!  Be merry!\n\n-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n8\/17\/12\nOy. I really hate to do this, but I feel the need to update and make the change from 4 stars to 3, though were 2.5 stars an option, I'd take it.  Thank you, Kaleidoscope Cafe, for participating in Pittsburgh Restaurant Week.  It gave me a chance to showcase this L'ville gem to my manfriend and one of my lady friends this past Saturday.  Unfortunately, as I remember from my last visit, the place was solely staffed by one hostess\/food-runner and one server (plus the excellent chef).  The food - delicious.  Really .  Kaleidoscope has a great food-quality thing going.  The service?  Pretty bad, unfortunately.  We waited 20 minutes for drink orders; then another few before said drinks were delivered.  My soda was flat, but I'll let that go.  (Yes, I was offered another can, but I had a feeling the story would be the same...tasted old\/out-of-date, so I kindly declined.)  We received our food a solid 50 minutes in; and very few water refills in between.  We also waited another long period of time for our check and actually had to request the check twice.  Yes, we were given a warm basket of pita and pistachio butter, which was lovely.  And, as I mentioned, the food is wonderful.  But honestly, I can go any number of the other local great restaurants in the area, pay less, and receive much better service.  Sorry, but the pretty kaleidoscopes on the table just aren't worth it.  Sad panda.