A life-changing event. One of the top 5 meals of my entire life. Absolute perfection in haute cuisine: food, ambiance, service all five-star.\n===\n\nI am honored to review the heavenly nirvana that is Sinatra at Encore. That a restaurant could be so well composed only two weeks after opening is otherworldly. Clearly the gods have shone on this mansion of Olympus.\n\nReservations are required. Dress is extremely up; don't embarrass yourself by even walking into this hotel without a jacket or donned in high European couture: the splendour of the decor absolutely demands your highest respect. Gloriously beautiful butterfly mosaics guide your way highlighted by the RED red chandeliers above (did I mention that they are red?). You may pass by some disappointed fanny-packed, windbreakered walk-ups, turned away without a reservation as you take your seat atop a stool, one of just seven at the bar. Old blue eyes is serenading you as you are about to embark on the swankiest dinner of a thousand lifetimes.\n\nI ordered my Dubonnet Manhattan and was proud to be the first pour from the newly unsealed bottle. History. Should have been real cherries, but I'm too overwhelmed to fuss. Hostess arrives to escort us... Hmm, not what I'd expect for the look in a swanky Maitre'd but again, I'm not fussing. I get to sit under this gigantic portrait of the man himself.\n\nEvery detail is supreme. The royal orchids table arrangement and linen-topped oil lamp shade masking the flickering flame within. The embroidered artwork of butterflies on silk napkins. The lushly textured orange tablecloth (how can I have a shirt made from that material?!?) and the orange piping framing the absolutely white seat cushions.\n\nThe wine list is eclectic and mostly complete. A wonderfully huge Amarone awaits our dessert and just champagne cocktails for now.\n\nLobster raviolis are absolute perfection. Mixed with buttery tomatoes, so fine. The ossobucco melts in your mouth, the marrow the finest I have ever had. I was so deeply moved that I wished hard that I might be able to pay homage to the chef; I was lucky enough to be able to present my thanks personally, but that's a story for the memoirs.\n\nThey even made my favorite dessert to accompany the vanilla gelato. Strawberries, mint and balsamic vinegar. Was there a hint of pepper? \n\nI can't wait to go back.