Not a fan of the potential long lines that you may encounter at SkinnyFATS.  But after a trip to their original location and seeing that unappetizing long line and no seats, I decided to check out their second location.  The line was still long, but it was not as bad as the first one, plus the seating capacity is much improved here.\n\nThe menu looks identical, so unless I am deathly close to their first location, I will likely never go back there again.  If you can order online, that will probably be very helpful in saving time as well.  Service from the cashier and order taker was good.  The staff that delivered our order was also good.\n\nOnce you place and pay for your order, you are given a number, so your order can be brought out to wherever you find available seating, both indoor and out in the patio area. The weather was nice, and the building provided sufficient protection from the sun, so we eventually made our way out to the open table we found.  Eating out in the patio area felt like having a picnic outdoor, complete with the baby or fruit flies that wants to partake in the meal as well.\n\nAfter looking over the menu, we decided to order the following:\n\nAhi Srirachi Taco: Seared Ahi, Slaw Chee, Mango, Pico & Spicy Yo-Aioli in a Wheat Soft Taco.  My Fav Asian liked it and that's all I needed to know.  She did add more habanero hot sauce to her tacos for more fiery kick. *Did they misspelled Sriracha on purpose?\n\nAhi Taco-San: Tempura Ahi, Sriracha Slaw, Mango Pico, Teriyaki, Spicy Aioli in a Puffed Shell.  This one is a winner, but probably not one of their relatively healthier menu items.  It is messy to eat, but I can't complain with the paper napkins within easy reach.  4.5 stars worthy all on its own.\n\nCherry Popper: 1\/2 lb. Beef Patty, Cherry\/Banana Peppers, Spicy Slaw, Pepper Jack & Fried Egg on a Hawaiian Roll with a side (Opted for the Truffle Fries).  Not sure why it gets positive reviews.  I thought it was just average or maybe the execution was just off.  Asked for medium rare, was served a burger closer to well done (it was still juicy and not dried).  The Hawaiian Roll did nothing for me in this burger, as it was not toasted and was way too soft and soggy after all the liquid from the slaw got absorbed into the bun.  I will pass on this one and done burger.\n\nThe Truffle Fries was okay. At $3.5 per order it is not expensive, but again the execution felt subpar. Half of my fries look and tasted overcooked (the ones on the bottom covered up by fresher, acceptably executed batch of fries), as if it was the last of the leftover fries scooped up from the fryer just before it has no wiggle room left to go except the trash and served all on my plate with the Cherry Popper Burger.  Not even close to McD's fries.\n\nIf I was not already in a good mood just spending the day hanging out with my Fav Asian, the rating would not be so generous to even earn the A-OK 3 stars.