The concept of places like this rock my socks. I am not a huge soup fan in general, but I love a good solid broth with veggies in it. My good pal-ette (she is not made of wood....or at least I do not think?) suggested this for a late dinner tonight. Being GF I was hopeful they would have a few items I could eat and low and behold they did! I wanted to fall in love with this place so badly. It is like that hopeful POF date that doesn't quite hit the mark, but gave it their all and is worthy of a second chance.\n\nFirst, this place has a really nice feel to it. Simple, clean, industrial and very modern with organic touches. As you can see from my photos it has some very beautiful colors, lots of wood, exposed ceilings​ and HVAC with a nice open concept. The bar here has a decent amount of seating and the flow of the restaurant is open and not crowded. \n\nSimple items that can all fit on one page of a menu can either be a good thing or a disaster. I think for this place, it is somewhere in the center.... \n\nThe hostess seated us at this cute little 4 top in the center of the place. Samantha (our waitress) was very sweet, but I don't think she has been serving very long. Well intentioned and kind,but lacked attentiveness and accuracy. \n\nThe adorable mason jar mugs of cucumber water made me smile. I LOVE THIS TOUCH! I started off with the Fried Chicken Bao - GF style. If I am being honest, this dish was just too simple for me. Let me start off with the fact I got roughly 2 ounces of meat between the two. That isn't very much meat for the $7 price tag. It would be more tolerable if they loaded it with veggies, but that was lacking as well. Pretty simply put it was boiled chicken, cabbage, pickles and some sriracha sauce all on a corn tortilla. This dish didn't have enough chutzpa for me, but it did taste good. \n\nFor the main spotlight, I ordered the Shio Noodle Bowl - GF Style with a side of pork belly and bean sprouts. The bowl came out LOADED with rice noodles. Sweet mother of monkey milk were there a ton of them! The broth in this had a fantastic flavor. I could have drank an entire bowl of just broth. In fact, there just wasn't enough of it comparitively. I loved the mushrooms, choy and naruto inside of this bowl as well. Sadly, when my bowl first came to me, it didn't include the sides of pork belly and bean sprouts I ordered. Samantha forgot to place the order, but once I brought it up she quickly fixed it and out they came. The pork belly was super tender and flavorful. The bean sprouts were a little odd. I was expecting fresh and crisp sprouts but it appears these were slightly cooked? Overall, this dish was a solid 4 stars. Next time I will ask for 1\/4 of the noodles and a bowl of broth!\n\nI will be back and try things a little differently. Not a bad first experience and I hope the next one will be even better!