Holy Chuck would have received a full 5 star rating if I had visited this joint 2 years ago. Now with all these burger eateries surfacing in Toronto, the bar has been set high for quality & creativity. Still, Holy Chuck deserves to be in the top 10 of best burgers in the city and here's why:\n\n1. Burger quality & flavor: They hand roll and grind their patties every hour, made of aged high quality steak, which is why they are able to make the burgers \"medium\". I ordered the Grind n' Shine - a double cheeseburger with bacon, caramelized onions, potato chips, topped with a fried egg. For $10.99 I was surprised when they called my name and I picked up a more mini version of what I expected. Still, once I took my first few bites, I was addicted. I couldn't put the burger down! The bacon was crispy, the chips added a crunch factor and the egg was cooked perfectly, oozing down my greasy hands while I savored every bite. Is it too much to consider this a breakfast option, since it includes bacon and eggs?! \n\n2. Creativity & menu options: Quebec Foie Gras, French Truffle Oil, Garlic feta aioli & French fries (to name a few) as burger toppings?! Need I say more? There is something for everyone. Yes, even vegetarians. As a beef lover myself, even the \"Animal Feed\" veggie option seemed enticing. \n\n3. Seating area. This is solely based on my comparison to my recent visit to the Burger's Priest just North of this joint. I was content to have a much more spacious seating area here to enjoy my burger (and take photos of course). Being able to sit comfortably allowed me to truly bask in the joy of devouring my burger. \n\n4. The milkshakes!!!! I was already bursting at the seams (good thing I wore stretchy pants) but after assessing all the reviews on Yelp about the milkshakes, I just had to try one for good measure. And you yelpers came through!! The Nutella & Salted Caramel milkshake was divine. Just when I thought I couldn't fit any more in my stomach, this chocolaty goodness is something I will definitely come back frequently for. Worth the $6.20? Definitely.