My close friend had been wanting to try this place for a while now, so we came here tonight for a double date. I ordered the basil gemlit but I wanted to add blackberries to it and the bar was happy to oblige my request. The drink was really good. I love having fresh basil in my drinks because I feel like it really makes the drink extra refreshing and takes it to the next level. My boyfriend had one consistent complaint with his beers and it was that they were poured about only about 3\/4 a glass with a really large head. He wasn't too happy about that. To start, the four of us shared the tuna tartar, which was a tuna tartar with guacamole on top served with fresh tortilla chips. The fish was cut to a good size and was super fresh. The guacamole was creamy and was perfectly simple that went well with the tuna. The chips seemed to be homemade. They were the perfect thickness and were salted the right amount. I highly recommmed this appetizer. For dinner, my boyfriend and I split the Ahi tuna burger and the short rib tacos. The Ahi burger was extremely, EXTREMELY salty. I was so hungry so I ate it but my boyfriend refused to eat his part. I was under the impression for some reason that this burger was going to be a seared ahi steak but it was definitely a gross ground patty. It came with a spicy mayo saucy, fresh avocado, lettuce, and a choice of side. We went with the french fries. The Ahi burger besides being really salty also seemed to all be one texture. Avoid the Ahi burger at all costs. The french fries were bomb! They were crispy with a soft center and they had a slightly sweet and slightly salty seasoning on top. It was a very nice mixture. The short rib tacos were amazing! I wish we ordered two orders of this instead. These tacos are self assemble. They come with pico de gallo, guacamole, shredded lettuce, a dressed chopped kale salad, a tangy tart salsa, and of course the short ribs and the mini homemade tortillas. I put everything on my mini tortilla and it was sooooo good!!! They initail give you 3 mini tortillas but you can and probably will request more. I definitely recommend trying the tacos here. If you don't get the short rib tacos, definitely try one of the other tacos. The atmosphere outside was really nice. The trees had cute little lights up in them that made the patio area super cute and quaint. Service came with a smile.