I LOVE this place! \n\nI'm from Miami where the original one was located, but since I moved to Greensboro I had to go to the one in Charlotte. And it was definitely worth the drive! \n\nFirst, let's start with the cost. I looked around and most places cost about $5,000 to do Lasik. Lasik Vision Institute has a bunch of great deals all throughout the year which includes 0 down payment and 0 interest. If you have really bad credit you can put a down payment of $600 and pay off the rest through a credit plan. They'll have specials and at the MOST with a really bad prescription like mine and astigmatism (always costs more!) my cost was about $2,000 for both eyes. My friend got hers for $1,000 for both eyes. If you factor in the cost of glasses or contact and eye exams yearly... you'll eventually be spending that amount in no time whereas Lasik is a one time thing and it's instant gratification for life!\n\nThe doctor is really conservative which I like. I work in the health care field and I didn't want anyone taking any chances with my eyes. I unfortunately wasn't a candidate for Lasik, but I was for PRK which is the same thing. PRK is the older surgery previously used and the results are the same... however, most people go with Lasik, because it's a faster recovery phase whereas PRK takes about a week to heal and about 4-5 weeks to receive 20\/20. Lasik gives you 20\/20 the second the surgery is completed and the recovery I believe is about 1-2 days (maybe even less). However, I liked how he was honest with me about how he didn't want to take the chance and I really valued that he had my safety in mind. He also works in Georgia and other places, so he's a busy guy with YEARS of experience. I think 20-30 years if I recall. My next day follow-up appointment had to be at 6am, because he had a plane to catch to do surgeries in another state which just goes to show how national his service is. PRK also costs the same as Lasik.\n\nThe surgery took 15 minutes and it was painless. I was scared since I went on my own, but I trusted the staff and it was honestly the easiest thing I've ever done. I actually went in for an evaluation on a Saturday and had surgery performed on a Friday which to me is just crazy. There's stories of how people cry after surgery just because of how quickly the impact was on their eyes and quality of life! I honestly can say my life has been amazing since then! \n\nThe staff was beyond fantastic! I got evaluated in Miami and I also got evaluated in Charlotte. They performed more exams in Charlotte which to me shows how thorough they really are. These evaluations are also free! Not to mention the night of the surgery 3 of the staff members give you their personal cell phone number to contact them in case something does go wrong so they can give you directions on what to do! I also didn't have anyone to pick me up after the surgery since I didn't know anyone in Charlotte and had to get a cab. They called the cab for me and when the cab companies were taking longer than expected... they personally researched and called other companies so I can get one in time to get my prescription filled out. They were really adamant about getting me a ride back to my hotel safely and it was sweet of them to care so much. When I was afraid I woke up late for my next day appointment... I was able to text one of the staff members and they responded in two seconds. Talk about amazing customer service. I have never experienced better service in my life! The staff are all so friendly, sweet, and passionate about what they do. My experience was 10x better because of them. \n\nIf you're thinking about Lasik... I say do it. Life goes by so much easier without having to worry about contacts and glasses and the little bits of maintenance that come with them. It was the best thing I've ever done even though PRK took a little longer to get the 20\/20, but it was worth the while. I've had many friends who have done Lasik via Lasik Vision Institute and so far no complications including mine! I've also had friends do Lasik elsewhere and when they heard about the price I paid in comparison to theirs... they were definitely wishing they had done it here!