Let me start by saying that this is more of a 1.5 star review BUT I'm rounding down because my service was THE WORST service I have ever experienced in my entire life, and I am a former server so I am understanding but there was no excuse for how bad Tony (and he never introduced himself I got his name off of our receipt), our server, was on Friday 1\/23\/15 (and yes I used the date hoping management will see this) in the area around the bar. If I were rating solely on food alone, I'd be giving Outback a 3. I don't typically like chain restaurants but, honestly, both my dining companion and I enjoyed our meals. However, as I stated already, service was atrocious and that left me with enough of an impression that I will never, ever return to this location.\n\nWe were seated around 7:50pm at our table. We were told it would be a 30 minute wait but it was actually only 20 which was nice. We began to peruse the menu and I noticed a female server that was servicing the table caddy-corner to ours. I expected she was our server but after she walked by our table multiple times in the first 10 minutes we were there, I went out on a limb and guessed she was not to be our server. I also noticed a male that was servicing the table behind us. He was making small talk with them after bringing out their entrees. He then left their table and again, I went out on a limb and guessed he was not our server either. We easily had been sitting there for 20 minutes with open menus when finally, after making additional small talk with the table behind us, guess who comes over?? Tony-who obviously knew we were there and failed to even greet us within 20 minutes. His greeting, when he made his way over, wasn't even \"Hi, my name is ______, sorry about the wait.\" It was \"What do you want to drink? Are you ready to order?\" We ordered 2 beers and we did put in an appetizer at the time, but I was still debating what I wanted so he said he'd be \"right back\" with our drinks. ANOTHER 15 minutes passed (after more additional small talk with the table behind us) before he came back with our beers, bread, and our appetizer. No apology this time either. Our appetizer was firecracker grilled shrimp served with crostini, tomatoes, and a spinach dip sauce. It was actually very tasty. By the time he delivered the appetizer, we were ready to order.\nI ordered the firecracker salmon with mixed veggies and my companion ordered the prime rib. Our entrees came out rather quickly, but we had empty drinks for quite some time and never saw Tony until he brought out our meals. To continue the atrocious service, he was trying to push us out of there when we weren't even halfway done with our entrees! He came back when we were about halfway through and said, verbatim (and not even asking us how everything was), \"You guys don't want anything crazy like dessert do you?\" Before either of us could get \"no\" out, he was dropping our check and walked away. We never saw him again and just paid cash and left it on the table.\nI realize that one goes to a restaurant for the food, however, although the food we had was acceptable, the manner in which we were treated was horrendously rude, unacceptable, and, frankly, the manager at this location should be embarrassed that such atrocious service was given to a paying guest. It is because of this terrible service that, although the food was decent, I will never allow myself or anyone I am with to spend money in this particular Outback ever again.