First, let me start off by saying that Tara Z is my wife. She left a negative review due to the frustration of dealing with Camping World prior to this review. \n\nWe had some warranty work that needed to be taken care of on the new Springdale that Hal sold us. We love this camper but a few things never were right... Like the battery, the blinds coming down off the walls, the windows in the bedroom leaked, the ground wire post on the hot water heater some how broke, the kitchen faucet leaked, and several other issues we found while using the camper. Believe me, we dreaded taking it in because of our collective experience with the service department. We were introduced to Daryll, the assistant manager of service. Not only did he make sure all of the warranty items were taken care of, he also went above and beyond by taking care of the little things we hadn't seen. We even got a fresh battery for the smoke detector!\n\nPaul, one of the service techs, has been awesome to work with. He did our initial walk through and answered all our questions with ease and expertise.\n\nAlberto, another technician, is the one who worked on our RV. When we picked up the trailer from the warranty work we were able to meet him. One of the blinds was coming down and I asked how to remove the curtain hardware to access the top of the blinds. Daryl called Alberto over and asked if he could help us out. Alberto went above and beyond by removing it himself and demonstrating how to fix it if it falls in the future. Both Daryl and Alberto went above and beyond.\n\nThis experience and the level of communication has been really great. From Kim making sure I had access to my RV when needed to the one guy who I always forget his name at the service desk coordinating the initial drop off. \n\nCamping World, please let this experience be an example to everyone involved to show the success and level of performance you all are capable of.  THIS is how your customers will come back.  THIS is how you gain loyalty and build even employee competency. Celebrate your successes and learn from the failures. Well done guys.