I really want to like this place but the employees are just so hit and miss.  I don't like to give bad reviews, this place should be 4 stars at least but it's either an issue with the food or an issue with service.  The food I've only had an issue once, the service it has been several bad experiences, I'm sad.  My last visit I had a great experience with a waitress however, on this visit we came in late, 1:30am ish with a party of seven.  There were two bartenders, the taller one seemed annoyed with us even though everyone was sitting at the bar with the exception of two of us and we just wanted food.  It was my step daughters 21st bday, we had been out, nobody in the party was drunk or obnoxious, we were just hungry and  wanted to eat.\n\nI asked for a water with lemon and never got it.  I don't know what his issue was but I am just about done with paying for crappy service.  No one in our party gave this guy any reasons to treat us like crap but he did. I had to ask the other bartender for a water with lemon.  He was very cool and very accommodating.   After my last visit I was ready to give this place a solid 4 stars but I am just done.  I like consistency and it just does not seem to happen here.\n\nI know Amy V. really cares, but her employees when she is not around just don't seem to have the same passion for quality service.   As for the food it was totally awesome in everyone's opinion but at this point it really does not matter, the Bartendar destroyed the experience.  Even my wife who never talks bad about anyone said he had a bad personality.  For the two of us sitting at the table, he never left the back of the bar.  When our food came we had to go to the bar and bring it to the table ourselves and for refills, we had to get up and go to the bar which I really would not have minded if his attitude was more welcoming.  I mean seven people coming in to eat and drink is pretty good business.  My wife wanted to go somewhere else but I insisted here because of the food selection, next time I will listen to her.