I could've easily gave the T.I. a better rating but there were a few things that just ate at me this trip.\n\nUpon arrival, we had our bags checked and were advised to keep our alcohol with us so we could drink once we got up to the room.  When checking in there was probably (no exaggeration) 60 people standing in line waiting to check in and about 4 people actually checking them in.  We stood in line for about 45 minutes waiting.  That sucked because The Mirage had us in our room within 15 our last visit.\n\nNext, WHAT THE HELL IS THAT SMELL!?!?!?!  When you open any door to enter the casino there is this OVER WHELMING sweet smell that reminds you of your great grandma's perfume.  A hybrid of cleaning product, and the perfume dept for sure.  Yeah, you got used to it after a while, but it was VERY unpleasant walking in each time and getting a nasty whiff of that funky smell.\n\nWhen we got into our room we had a view of the strip and the pool....It was Ok.  Nothing special.  Especially when looking at the tops of 2 parking garages.  I would've rather had a view of the pirate show personally. The room appeared clean upon entering, but once we started getting settled in we found that there was cigarette ashes all over the dresser and the glasses in the room were not exactly clean.  The bed was AWESOME!! Very comfortable.  Probably the only plus to this room.\n\nNext thing that sucked ass?  The elevators.  OHHH my lord....who's the dick head that came up with this system?  You have to enter the elevator and then insert your room card into a slot and press the floor you want.  SOUNDS SIMPLE RIGHT?  Well it would be simple if it actually worked!!  We found out that one of the slots were actually broken, so that explains the 5 minutes trying to select our floor.  Then we find a slot that works, and you have to insert the key....press the floor number....then slowly remove the card.  Not only was this a PAIN IN THE ASS when we were drunk trying to get back to the room, but we probably helped 4 other couples through the course of our stay get to the floor they wanted.  And the elevators were dirty.  There were rose petals in one of the elevators that had been stepped on numerous times and were smashed into the floor smearing reddish colors all over the floor.  NORMALLY I wouldn't give a damn, but when it's STILL there 3 days later???  Makes you wonder how efficient the cleaning crew is.\n\nThe daily 22.40 resort fee?? Please....It's not worth it. I prefer to check out and owe NO money unless I paid for room service or dry cleaning.  I knew there was a resort fee, but didn't realize it was a DAILY fee.  If the Mirage doesn't need to charge daily, why does the T.I.??  Only reason I keep comparing to The Mirage is because that was our 1st stay when we 1st came to Vegas and it was nothing but awesome with no daily fee, no funky smells, clean rooms and great service.  Treasure Island lacked on all of these categories.\n\nNext time we're going to be aiming for something like PH, or Mandalay Bay...Close to where we wanna be, and looks like a blast.  I cant wait for our next visit .......to Vegas that is :)