I will never ever again stay at this hotel or support any part of this establishment. \n\nI had an incident occur on a Sunday evening where my shoe heel got stuck in the escalator causing me to have to launch out of my shoe and resulting in my $800 Louboutin heels to be completely trashed. The hotel offered me a food and beverage credit for what happened. The next morning I received a call where they said they could either offer me the credit, a 15% discount on my next stay or a complimentary upgrade during my next visit. To say I am insulted is an understatement. I think this establishment lacks any true value of their customers and guests. We come to Vegas often and it's safe to say that I will never step foot in the Cosmo ever again and neither will the rest of the party I was with during this visit. \n\nOne of the employees, Moe, a resort manager, is a real piece of work. He essentially looked me dead in my eyes and said its an escalator, shoes get stuck - there's nothing I can do. I've seen hotels go above and beyond for their guests when NOTHING bad happens as part of their experience, however Cosmopolitan is NOT one of those hotels. The embellishment of lies that are conjured up at this place are ridiculous ...maybe that's to be expected in Las Vegas, who knows. This establishment only sees dollar signs and gives ZERO shits about anything else (shocking, I know). They're cheap, rude and insulting to anyone who can't throw money at them. What a disgrace to the establishments who care about their visitors and really go the extra mile to show that they care. Take your money and good time elsewhere - you will be glad you did.  There are so many other hotels that will treat you well, not lie and offer up a truly amazing experience. I am a true believer that any get away should be nothing but a pleasant experience. Yes, things happen, many times out of the control of a person or a business, but the way these negative experiences are handled makes ALL the difference. Unfortunately, I expected much more from a place like this. It's terrible what had to happen for me to understand the values of this establishment, but so it goes. I promise you won't regret NOT staying here, spend your hard earned money and have your good time somewhere deserving of your business who knows your worth and values it.