I wish I would have read the reviews before coming here. What everyone else said is true. There are scam artisits who work here. Here's my story:\n\n\nI needed a new wheel bearing for my tire (just one) and an alignment. I had been to a couple different places and gotten quotes and most places seemed to price match and make it cheaper for me. Big O Tires gave me the best deal at $243 for both services, all taxes included. John gave me an ASU discount even though I told him I didn't go there because he was really trying to be competitive so I appreciated that. I went in the same day that I called over the phone for a quote (last Friday) and waited about 2 and a half hours for my service to be done. It was almost 6 o clock at this point and John comes out to tell me that he can't finish the work. He can't get the wheel bearing separated from the hub so he needs to replace the entire hub. WTF were you doing for 2 1\/2 hours then??  He asks if he can keep my car overnight and finish it on Saturday. I said no because I have work so we arrange for me to come in on Monday.\n\nJohn told me that he would not charge anything for the hub being replaced and I would still pay the same price he quoted me before. So I said okay it's only two days I'll just wait...Over the weekend the wheel bearing became TWICE AS LOUD as it ever was. I thought my tire was going to fall off. I was really scared at this point because I'm pregnant and would not want to get into a car accident. I called John on Saturday and told him that my tire was making crazy loud noises, worse than ever before. I asked if everything was okay and did he put my bearing back on right because it sounds terrible. He said that he \"messed up\" the bearing when he was trying to get it off and that's why it sounds worse. So I was driving on a doubly F'ed up wheel bearing now. Which is dangerous and can really mess up my two week old tires. I brushed this off because in two short days I was getting all new parts anyway. \n\nMonday comes around and I take my car in again and wait another 2 1\/2 hours. I was across the street at Applebee's when John called me to tell me my car was ready. He also said he was going to have no charge me an extra $177 for parts and labor for the hub assembly. He said today he still had a hard time separating it from the wheel bearing and so he needed another part for it and he had to charge me labor for that. REAL CONVENIENT that he tells me once I have to come to pay right??\n\nWell I yelled at him for wasting my time on Friday and for not giving me an advance notice of the charges. I told him I was NOT paying the extra fee he mentioned because on Friday he told me this service would not cost me any money. He tried to haggle with me saying okay fine I'll pay the parts, you just pay  the labor, fair enough? I said hell no you lied to me. I told him I was not paying any more than the $243 he quoted me. So then he said okay, well with taxes and everything it comes to $265. I said uhhhh NO it doesn't I specifically asked you over the phone what the out the door price would be. I would never have come to this place if I knew it was going to be more money and that I had to come in TWICE just to be disrespected and treated like I'm an F'in idiot. He  tried to pull a fast one and  it did  not work. He's lucky I only yelled at him over the phone from Applebee's. DO NOT GO HERE.