First I would like to say that I love Gordon Ramsay, and I mean with a deep abiding love. Please take that as a warning that this review may be slanted. But not really because this restaurant is so awesome, so beautiful, so everything, that if you don't make this a stop on your trip through Sin City, then you have just missed the best restaurant you're going to find here.\n\nIf it isn't apparent, I'm a huge fan of steak restaurants. I love them like I love GR. So how perfect is it that he gave us this glorious restaurant for our very own? I KNOW.\n\nLet me begin by saying that if you want to know what great service is, start here. I'm pretty sure GR put the fear of death into these servers because they don't miss a beat. You ask for nothing, you send nothing back. Why? Because the amazing thing about this restaurant is just how perfect everything is. \n\nWalked in and as you're being escorted to your seat the hostess who is genuinely kind and informative, she points out some really nice touches. I'll let you find out what those are . She leads you through this tunnel-like entrance into the most beautiful restaurant; it gleams. It has this amazing staircase on either side of the restaurant. We were seated upstairs in the middle of this. It was the perfect location. Also, everyone is beautiful here. I'm pretty sure that wasn't planned, but thank you anyway. \n\nAs we sit down, we're greeted IMMEDIATELY by our waiter. I'm not going to be redundant so I'll just say that everything that happened, happened IMMEDIATELY.  Ordered drinks, perfection. Bread selection, perfection (and so, so delicious, soft bread, imported English butter, ugh, I'm fat now), VERY cool drink menu that you look at on an iPad (and clever!), dinner menus, tasting menus, so much to choose from, it's like an adult candy store, except replace the candy with meat.  \n\nI had the 24 oz. bone-in ribeye with a side of foie gras (yikes - addictive). It was a large cut of meat so I didn't finish TODAY, but don't worry, it WILL be finished. It was perfectly seared on the outside and warm and red on the inside. It had the perfect amount of marbling and was just the most tender steak I've had in this town. Just outstanding. As a side I had sauteed spinach - perfect, perfect, perfect, and asparagus with morels, white asparagus puree and a veal demi-glace - outrageously perfect. My date had the most perfect baked potato I've ever seen. It was huge, almost a meal by itself. It came with toppings that really were unique (smoked gouda béchamel? Oh god) and delicious. It's by far the best potato anywhere I've ever been.\n\nDessert. Oh my. I can't begin to describe what it did to my taste buds, but suffice it to say that the sticky toffee pudding cake had me melting into a puddle from the deliciousness. Try it, you'll love it. \n\nLet me end this by saying that I love Gordon...oh wait, no, what I wanted to say was that this restaurant is my brand new favorite. It really was an amazing experience that I can't wait to repeat! And soon!