I typically try to wait until I have a few experiences with a restaurant before jumping into a review.   So much can change from visit to visit that I always find it a bit presumptuous to assume that a place is 5 stars worth of awesome or 1 star worth of non-awesome based on one measly visit.   And yet one measly visit to the Bronze Cafe, oh, 2 hours ago, and here I am anointing it with 5 stars.   \n\nEnter the Tree of Life.   The Tree of life stars Brad Pitt in a Malick film about the life and the universe.   Yelp\/RottenTomatoes Crossover alert!   Okay so this Pita stuffed with veggies and other vegan goodies like a cashew crema and a brazil nut crumble has nothing to do with the movie, but much like I had left the theater after seeing Tree of Life, I had a lot of questions about this Tree of Life after I left Bronze Cafe.   Namely:  was that one of the tastiest pita breads I've ever had? (yes).    Did I really just enjoy a Pita stuffed without any meat products?  (yes).   Did I really just order something called \"Banana Boy Bait\"?  (YES)   Well how I really ordered it was I said something along the lines of \"and one of those banana bread things\".    Then the guy who seemed to be running the joint goes \"Banana Boy Bait?!\"  to which I looked around sheepishly before saying yes.   It's totally worth any stares you might receive though.   It lasted all of 3 minutes on the table.   I'm not joking when I say I plan to try every sandwich and every Vegan dessert on the menu before my own personal Tree of Life wilts away and has me feasting on dirt and worms.   \n\nService was friendly, quick and efficient.   The dining area was clean and there wasn't any air of pretentiousness that I think Vegan friendly places can oftentimes be stereotyped with.   In fact it was the complete opposite.\n\nI didn't need to use the restroom so I didn't get to participate in the gender neutrality that it provides.   The thought excites me though because I've heard from some of my female friends that sometimes you all have couches in there sometimes and I'm curious how this translates here.  I've got my fingers crossed for a La-Z-Boy recliner personally.