Although there is chance that you will win a jackpot in a casino, when you spend time in a scenic and well-kept park close to miles of trails there is a guarantee that you will win a happiness jackpot. In my profile I state under \"Most Recent Discovery\" that \"Yelping produces Serotonin?\" In reality it is yelping in the sun that produces Serotonin. What Serotonin is, is a natural chemical that replaces depression with happiness. Fortunately Las Vegas is blessed with endless sunshine. I prefer to spend as much time in the sun as possible. It is taking advantage of the endless sunshine that led me to Sunridge Park two times. The first time I explored the park where the second time it was part of a long hike that led me through nearby parks that took me into the Sloan Canyon National Conservation Area (abbreviated SCNCA). This review is broken into two sections based on my real life experience. Section 1 reviews Sunridge Park as a neighborhood park. And Section 2 reviews it as a park connection to the nearby trails and parks.\n\n1. Neighborhood Park \n\n   Tucked in the eastern foothills of the Sunridge Heights Community, Sunridge Park is an 18-acre park between Sunridge Heights Parkway and Sandy Ridge Avenue. The only vehicle entrance to the park is off Sandy Ridge Avenue. The best way to describe the park from south to north is the open grass\/playground south zone, the baseball fields and lighted basketball middle zone, and the north natural hill zone. It is to the east of the open grass\/playground zone where the majority of the parking is. Bordering both sides of the park is a paved multi-use trail with street lights. For the record this is the first time that I saw green colored street lights in a Henderson park (I have seen green lamps)The east trail leads from the picnic tables near the playground uphill to Sunridge Heights Parkway. It follows the Nevada powerlines right of way. The west trail leads from the open grass field at Sandy Ridge Avenue to Sunridge Heights Parkway. It roughly follows a wash. It was from these trails that I explored the park. Here is my Cardio Trainer workout statistics using the perimeter trails along with Sunridge Heights Parkway and Sandy Ridge Avenue:\n\nTime:  11:52\nDistance: 0.69 miles\nCalories lost: 67 \nWalking speed: 3.5 miles.\n\nI am impressed by how well-kept the park is. The only sign of vandalism that I saw was on a picnic table. The open grass area was immaculate and golf course green. The well-kept baseball fields, white trails, and grass created an attractive color palette. I captured it from the pictures that I took climbing up the east and west trails. \n\n  I give Sunridge Heights a high score on sense of safety. It is in an affluent neighborhood. When I walked the trails, I saw new dream McMansions on the foothills bordering the park with the attractive homes in the surrounding Sunridge Heights Community.\n\n2. Connection to nearby parks.\n\nI consider Sunridge Park a major component of the unnamed Anthem Nevada Power Greenbelt Corridor. As a matter of fact the only way to recognize the park when passing it on Sunridge Heights Parkway is the Nevada powerlines just west of the curve where it changes into Green Valley Parkway. This corridor starts at the parks northernmost boundary at the Sunridge Heights Parkway walking path. From here it follows the Nevada powerlines downhill on the eastern walking trail. At the southern open grass\/playground zone the Nevada Power Greenbelt Corridor separates from the hike. This is the perfect time to use the bathroom. And, \"No Yelp there is no gender neutral restrooms.\" South of the park, the hike follows the Sandy Ridge Avenue sidewalk southbound a good half mile. After crossing the stop sign across Sandy Grove Drive, the hike rejoins the powerlines on a no name walking trail that leads a short distance into Anthem Hills Park. The hike continues through the much larger Anthem Hills Park. The Nevada powerlines abruptly change to an eastbound direction following McCullough Hills Parkway. The Nevada Power Greenbelt Corridor will soon leave the City of Henderson by means of the McCullough Hills Trail into the SCNCA. At the top of the hill you can hike it all the way to Paradise Hills or continue along the Nevada Power Greenbelt Trail. Returning to a southbound direction, it branches onto the Anthem East Trail where there are breathtaking views of Anthem. Near the end of the trail is a junction with the Black Mountain Trail leading to the summit of the namesake trail. Just south of the junction, the Nevada powerlines follow the Discovery Trail in a southwest then west direction to SCNCA Visitor Station. If this sounds lengthy, imagine the lengthy outdoor adventure I had walking half of it to the beginning of SCNCA.\n\nIn conclusion the both times that I spent here I won the happiness jackpot. I am a fan of happiness.