I don't normally review these types of place but hey...sometimes you have to give creds when it is deserved.\n\nKudos goes to the Service Advisors that do most of the heavy lifting there.  Sure nothing starts without a sale but when the GLS is sold out for a year (rumour has it that all GLS trucks are bought here at full pop + a little \"extra\" and being shipped to China - similar to what is happening to the Toyota Sienna AWD XLE model), I don't feel so much lies with them.\n\nI have seen Divas drive up into the service area and copping attitude like there isn't enough Beyonce jelly being thrown around.  One time, a would be Diva started a whole attitude about how she was addressed.  Look, you didn't drive in with an AMG BiTurbo SL...it was a C250 that costs about the same as a V6 Honda Accord.  The service advisor just took the lip, asked her politely for her info, had the car taken and asked her to sit in the waiting area.  Total pro dudes!\n\nMy service advisor is Danielle.  If it wasn't for her, I would never have returned after my first service with the organization.  She handled all the issues and took ownership of the problems - even thought none of the mistakes were hers.  Central booking changed my appointment, the tires didn't reach her on time, the loaner car was not available, their in-house car rental provider was using strong tactics to sell extended insurance coverage on a hyundai loaner, the car was not ready when I returned, the car was not washed, the list goes on and on...that was last year.\n\nThis month, the car was in but central had my two benz's mixed up and they couldn't find my car.  They had the service history mixed up too.  How can one E-Sedan be mixed up with one E-Coupe.  No problem, Danielle fixed it all.\n\nI really appreciate it when people take it upon themselves to do the best they can to provide expert level service.\n\nFor the rest of the facility, the waiting area is more comfortable and larger than Mid-Town or Markham.  It's nice and quiet so I can get my work done when stranded at the dealership.  If the repair will take longer, I can opt for a loaner or they will take me home and pick me up.\n\nThe 5 stars is for Danielle and her service team.\n\nCheers!