I LOVE breakfast. Just this morning the first words out of my mouth were: \"I want to go to a pancake house.\" I commit to breakfast. I am married to breakfast. Love, love, love breakfast. When in Toronto recently, I got to have a day of doing exactly what I wanted and what I wanted was breakfast.\n\nLike Zingerman's Deli in Ann Arbor and Edzo's Burgers in Evanston, Aunties and Uncles isn't just awesome; it is COLLEGE TOWN awesome. Let's start with getting there. Aunties and Uncles is off College Street and is tucked around the corner a little bit so, if you are parking, you should drive around the block and park on the street. There are also some parking lots as an option. I am emphasizing the parking because, when you are hungry and on your way to breakfast, not finding parking is like not having oxygen. I was hungry when I started driving to Aunties and Uncles, but by my fourth time around the block looking for JUST ONE parking spot, I was making wide declarations like: THEY BETTER HAVE THE BEST CINNAMON FRENCH TOAST I'VE EVER EATEN IN MY WHOLE LIFE. (The capital letters were necessary.) Planning and a little luck have a lot to do with a well-executed breakfast adventure.\n\nLike most college towns, the area has the feeling of oh-whomever-lives-here-does-NOT-know-how-to-do-their-own-laundry-yet. Everything is just worn down and grimy. There are several bars with Jager Meister signs in the window. Also, places named \"Fred's Bread\" and \"Cloak and Dagger\" are here. Oh college towns, never change.\n\nAunties and Uncles is simply one of those places only college towns can produce. Years of scrambling, batter-making and warming processed animal products makes this kind of layered yumminess that looks kind of gross on the surface, but is predictably wonderful.\n\nAt Aunties and Uncles, there were vintage kitchen goods, signs, and tins. Also, LOTS of hipsters. No one had an article of clothing on that was made in this century. Shoes maybe, but not clothes.\n\nThe morning I was there, they had no waffles, but did have blueberry pancakes. It made me wonder what they put in their waffles if the components are SO different than pancakes that they couldn't offer them. The french toast was incredible and the coffee was exactly what I needed. Aunties and Uncles is cash only, so bring those loonies and toonies with you when you come.\n\nAs I was driving away from Aunties and Uncles, I saw lots of graffiti and a couple of moose (mooses? meeses?) on balconies. Each house looked like it was having a garage sale because there was so much debris, although no one was awake yet. If you come early to Aunties and Uncles, you should be able to get a table because no college student would fight you for it. They won't be up for hours after you are done. This is one of the primary advantages of old age. Take advantage of it.