So my mother and father are residents of this nursing home facility.  Well actually my mother now since my father has passed and moved to a better place...\n\nEvery time i visited my mother and father, they were always sitting around doing nothing. TLC   has always preached about having tons of activities for the elders, and they said the elders are never ignored and this is the best facility for them to be.\n\nWRONG!\n\nThe times i visited my parents, they were always doing nothing. and Their hygiene, was some what ok. Except for the past 2 weeks when  I visited my father before he passed, I felt like they just left him alone and did not take him a bath . His lips were chapped all the time.  And i can tell they did not give him a bath because his hair was so messy. As for the staff, the CNA was about to give my mother a PAIN KILLER and it was not even in her MEDICATION LIST! SHE WAS THOUGHT MY MOTHER was another person . HELLO! CHECK THE DAMN TAGS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THANK GOD i was there to stop her! And some are pretty unprofessional, talking about personal stuff and how their weekend went.  As for food, they do not care at all if the patient does not eat. My mother takes forever to eat because of her Dementia. After seeing how these people treated other patients who did not eat i started to come daily to make sure my mother eats her dinner. Otherwise if you do not make sure, they prolly do not get feed. The CNA to patient ratio is terrible also. There is not enough staff to care for you loved ones, its hard for them to complete their task. I must admit, there are a couple of good staff there. I met a couple and they were very friendly and I can tell they are genuine and really care about my mom. Before you admit your loved one into this facility make sure, you are aware of the dangers and the facts of nursing homes.  According to people this is the best one, to me it isn't , i can only imagine what the terrible nursing homes are like.\n\ntip: always visit your love ones in the home so the staff knows you are watching them all the time.\n\ni give it a 3 star because not all the staff are ignorant and incompetent, there are a few that are good, therefore I decided to give this place a 3 star.