Although I usually prefer not to write reviews unless I've been to a place more than once, I had such an awesome time at Encore Beach Club that I was compelled to Yelp across the rooftops and let the world know what a fan-effing-tastic party this is! Also, the system I use at work is down, so... you know. \n\nAll the previous times I attempted a Vegas day-rage experience had been a complete and utter fail-- TAO Beach was overly crowded, extremely douchetastic, and had absolutely TERRIBLE customer service; the pool at Wet Republic smelled strongly of semen, sweat and human desperation; other times, our group, valiantly fighting to uphold the stereotype that Asians are late to everything, did not get to the dayclub in time to claim our free daybed and decided to reaffirm the other stereotype that Asians are terribly cheap and went to the pool instead.  (What... There wasn't anywhere to sit...)\n\nWe had to deal with a lot of the same Vegas BS when we went to EBC.  We were told the guest list closed at 2 but it ended up closing at 1 because they hit capacity and we would have to pay cover to get in. WHAT!!! WE'RE LADIES. WE HAVE LADY PARTS. WE DON'T NEED TO COUGH UP OUR DOUGH TO HAVE OUR LADYPARTS IN YOUR CLUB. Alas, we did, and that good ol' Asian stinginess was about to kick in again when our friend reminded us that we had dragged ourselves out of bed specifically to come here, that we'd been wanting to check out EDB forever and to stop being such cheap-o beezies.\n\nPoint taken. So we waited in the sweltering Vegas heat, steadily sweating out our morning buzz, as the line inched slowly forward, frantically texting our promoter the entire time.  We finally did make it in and had to wait in even more lines to get drinks, but after that, the par-tay definitely gets going!  ENCORE BEACH CLUB IS LEGIT!  It's hit-or-miss at night as Surrender but EBC is as fun as a barrel o' monkeys.. or a barrel o' vodka... Despite the downsides (long lines, expensive drinks and no re-entry), the pool is big enough that you have plenty of room for drunken frolicking without  some random sweaty gorilla trying to subtly rub his peen against you in the guise of dancing; the venue in general is beautiful and expansive with multiple bathrooms and bars; the music and sound system is fantastic (although this can depend, Morgan Page was spinning while we were there, although he didn't come on til 3 or 4 which was kind of a bummer); and the crowd is just there to have a good time! This was definitely one of the highlights of our trips and just overall, A FUN, RAGETASTIC EXPERIENCE--one which, in fact, made the birthday girl vomit spectacularly in the lobby of the Elara immediately after the cab ride.  Can't wait for pool party season to get started so I can hit up EBC again!