I have been to this Maggiano's numerous times as well as had it catered at our offices, however this review is solely based on the service that we received today (March 10, 2010) \n\nMy company was hosting a going away luncheon for my lovely coworker Samantha, who is leaving us to go to France, but I will stop my ranting about that. BOOO! LOL Anyways back to Maggiano's. It started when we arrived. The hostess was chatting it up with a patron at the bar so we had to wait for her to finish up, now the reason why I am little disturbed as there were two other servers as well as someone who appeared to be a manager standing right by the hostess station. They looked at us, however they did not acknowledge us in the 3 mins we stood there waiting for the hostess to finish her conversation with the patron at the bar. FAIL! \n\nFinally we were acknowledged and we were told where the rest of our party was. We were all seated and about 5 mins or so, drink orders were taken. 15 mins after the orders were taken and we received our drinks,(no I am not over exaggerating either) we get some bread baskets at each table, which was great because we were pretty famished. Fast forward another 15 mins and our appetizers arrived. Now mind you this menu was predetermined days ago so it wasn't like we had to wait for people to order and it was all going to be family style. Now although the appetizers were tasty, we had to wait about another 25 mins after that for the appetizers to be taken away and an additional 20 mins for the lunch to arrive. FAIL! \n\nNow any other time, I would not have a problem if the place was jam packed, but it was not. See what they had failed to mention to us when we arrived is that a water main was broken in front of the restaurant so they no longer had running water. From what I understand, they had brought in more than enough water to get through the lunch rush, but they had called those who had reservations for dinner because they were closing down for the rest of the day due the water main problem. How the hell can you not tell your patrons that you don't have running water and the only way that you find out is because one of your coworkers happens to go to the bathroom and their is someone standing at the door to let you know that there is no running water but there are big coffee pots full of hot water for you to wash your hands however you cannot flush the toilet. WTF??! Great so now we had a better understanding as to why things were taking so long. Had they told us this before hand, I am sure we would have went somewhere else. Especially since we didn't find out until halfway into our meal. FAIL! \n\nMaggiano's I am very disappointed in you today. Our company orders from you quite a bit and I understand that the only discount you gave is that you didn't charge us to take the leftover food back to three coworkers that couldn't make it. Seriously?! Yes I understand that there were circumstances out of your control, but as courtesy you should have told us what was going on and let us decide how to proceed. What should have been a quick 2 hour max lunch turned into a long 3+ hour lunch, which would have been ok any other time had their been working bathrooms. FAIL! \n\nSo like I said, this review is solely based on the service today. Any other time you would get at least 4 stars . Today you only get 1, and that is being generous. If someone from the restaurant happens to read this review, be careful if you decide to email me with \"hate mail\" because you know you guys were in the wrong today. FAIL! FAIL! FAIL!