If only no-star rating existed... :-\/. despite the reviews, I was optimistic and STARVING post-work in the middle of the night. We walked in and saw one other couple eating, and no one was there to greet or seat us. Finally a worker came out and still he didn't greet or welcome us in a friendly manner... but usually very authentic Asian restaurants can be that way, so that wasn't a huge deal.\n\nAfter being seated, our waiter stood in front of us watching television... Didn't take our drink order until I asked if they had coconut juice. He said yes and my bf ordered a coke. I was astonished when they brought out a coconut with the wrapping still on it and some kind of sauce smeared on the exterior, and it was only half full... it creeped me out so I didn't drink it, plus they brought out a can of coke, no cup with ice.\n\nI was still hopeful that the food would make up for the odd service... so I ordered the Vietnamese udon with pork and shrimp and my bf ordered the fish porridge. I was overwhelmed with disappointment when they brought over my bowl and I smelled a very unappetizing scent .. I have a very keen sense of taste and smell and something was clearly wrong with the dish.. Whether the pork was going bad or the shrimp.. I couldn't figure it out. I tried squeezing some lime into it and adding hot sauce but that scent wouldn't leave the dish no matter what I did. My bf's dish was too sweet for porridge and the fish was undercooked, plus... It seemed as though the fish wasn't fresh. I took a bite and had to spit it out :(\n\nI think it's time for this restaurant to do some serious evaluating .. service-0, food-1, pricing-2... for its own survival. \n\nWorst part was that no one even checked on us the entire time so they couldn't even tell if we were having a good or miserable experience. They gestured for us to pay at cashier without even coming to the table or looking at us directly.. Rude! Needless to say, we went up, paid the $24, left a tip, and decided never to go there again..