Based on pictures, I was honestly expecting a cleaner and more spacious room for the suite but it was overall my favorite hotel so far in Vegas just because of the top-notch service and spectacular wrap around terrace view. Out of all the hotels I've been to, Cosmopolitan is the best hotel if you're into luxury, modern design, and wanting to experience the strip in a short amount of time. The Cosmopolitan is nested between 5 other key essential hotels that you'll be able to experience about 85% of the stirp; Bellagios, Caesars, Planet Hollywood, Paris, MGM, and of course the Cosmopolitan itself. \n\nPros\n\nRoom: The panoramic view at the wraparound terrace suite was stunning and I loved the freedom to roam around the spacious terrace for a breath of fresh air with a spectacular view! The design of the room is more upscale and modern compared to similar rooms at Paris, Caesars, and Bellagios. Similar to Planet Hollywood, the hotel targets a younger crowd. The wraparound rooms are indeed spacious, but smaller than what I imagined; however, big enough for a group stay and ideal for a bachelorette or bachelors stay. If you're staying at the wraparound terrace then request one that overlooks the strip and Bellagio fountain. If you don't mind the noise and appreciate party music, then consider getting the suite right in front of the day club. My only gripe about the room is that it needed a little TLC, the carpets had stains and the living room furniture was filthy. \n\nBathroom: For the ladies, there is plenty of counter space for all your makeup and goods. The suites had 2 sinks and counter space for his and hers with a large shower in the middle. The bathtub was conveniently right in front of the shower but unfortunately you don't get a view unless you wanna see your partner showering. \n\nConvenience: Like I mentioned before, the hotel is perfectly situated in the heart of the strip. You could go to a show next door at the Bellagios and then go across the street to Vdara for some shopping and then go to CVS or Walgreens a few steps away to buy some cheap alcohol or snacks. \n\nEats: As of now, there are some cheap and tasty food options that's located downstairs. You have cheap bites such as Secret Pizza and Eggslut. Secret Pizza is a tasty and super cheap option and it is located on the third floor. No signs leading to the eatery, but Secret Pizza is tucked away next to the elevator. Then you have Wicked buffet which I thought was crappy but seems like a hit with others. They also have some more upscale options such as É by Jose Andreas and unfortuantly I did not have time but will make reversations on my next visit. Very thankful The Juice Standard was downstairs for serving mixed vegetable and fruit juices to help alleviate any grimy hangover feeling. \n\nService: Overall, everyone from housekeeping to the front desk to concierge is extremely friendly and accommodating. They honestly treat you like royalty and will help you with anything that you need. Uber at this hotel is one of the best on the strip. Other hotels make you walk to intricate areas, but the Cosmopolitan has a designated area right in front of the valet and check in. Do take advantage of this when coming to the hotel and planning your stay. \n\nCasino: Absolutely gorgeous and it's the type of casino worth glamming up for. The style that they utilize is reminiscent of modern elegance. Simply spectacular from the modern cylinder elevators to the draping diamond curtains. Every niche and cranny of this place is filled with intricate detail. There was a lot of thought put into some of the design schemes and it really shows throughout the hotel.