The building has beautiful views, the pool area is stunning, the gym is great, the party rooms are nice and the location is incredibly convenient to downtown. There is so much to really love about this building, but the continued failure of the management company is masking those positives more and more.\n\nAspen Square Managment took over management of this building about 9 months ago. Since then, it's been a roller coaster of rule changes, ammenity switching and rotating staff who seem to either blame their main office, make excuses or rotate to another Aspen Square location when things get heated. Others have mentioned issues with maintenance, I have not experienced this, since any requests were addressed quickly and repairs were made just as they were before the management change.\n\nBut Aspen Square Management continues to cut back on service and increase excuses. First they took away the guest suite that allowed company to stay in the building for a reasonable fee, then they replaced the 5 propane grills with 1 charcoal grill - now we have two - for 100+ units. The pool and the grills are always taken over by a group that can only be described as the overgrown frat party that seems to have overun the building. \n\nSince taking over, Aspen removed the building residents who used to man the desk. When the desk personnel knew the residents, it was rare that someone got really out of hand -- since they always knew they'd get a personally addressed warning. All Aspen does is send out repeated newsletters reminding residents of the rules and threatening to patrol.\n\nAspen Square's rotating management teens (opps, I meant team) do not know the majority of the tenants by name and are not taking responsibility to patrol nor enforce the rules. Plus, they are not around on holidays or evenings. Those hours are manned by a security company, which removes all sense of welcome when you arrive 'home'. It's devolved into a rotating series of uniformed men who literally sleep on the job.\n\nThe bad actors know this - so they bring in hoardes of friends, hog the facilities and leave their mess - yet no one from Aspen does a thing. They claim their team will patrol and enforce the pool and visitor rules, but I have not seen them come near the pool once in the past weeks. The security guards do not patrol either, and even when Aspen apparently paid for extra attention at the pool, none was provided and the holiday weekend was the worst yet. Again, the bad actors know they're free to do whatever they want and no one from Aspen or their vendors interferes.\n\nNow Aspen just CLOSED the pool because they cannot control the behavior of a small segment of tenants and their guests. Yes -- while they know there have been problems at the pool this summer - they have not personally patrolled the pool during peak problem hours and we (the residents) cannot name the offenders - so they decided to CLOSE to pool for everyone rather than police the site, enforce the rules and outst the offenders themselves.\n\nThis is supposed to be a luxury building - not an MTV Cribs episode for a few overgrown bullies who miss their frat days. I just wish Aspen Management would become a responsible management group instead of making excuses and eliminating ammenities.