I used to go to another hair colorist in town, but when I went back for another ombre.. either he forgot to add the olaplex or the process, itself.. completely killed my healthy strands of hair. I had to cut it not once, but three times to get the dead, fried ends that looked like long spider legs going in every direction! It looked horrible, completely frizzy and dried up. Even my hairstylist that cut my hair told me it's completely fried that's why it looks like that. I didn't feel good to pay top dollar for a shitty job that wasn't well done the second time around. He did, however get the color I wanted, but for me to go through that bs and ruin my healthy hair was quite a disappointment to experience. Even two of my coworkers went to him and had the same experience and we all no longer go there.\n\nI found Amy Kiser from my eyelash extension girl and I liked her hair color. Mind you, she changes her hair color every 3 weeks. She told me great things about her, so I made an appointment to give her a try.\n\nShe has her own sense of style, idea, creation of color. She has this master plan already strategically made before I arrive in what we're doing to my hair. Be open to her suggestions and you can have some fabulous dimensions of color. \n\nOur first session was a miracle. She achieved a high contrast blonde! Even though my roots were black! Obscene, I know. I couldn't believe my eyes either!!!\n\nMake sure you ask her to put your head out of the wash bowl when you're resting after putting some toner on. It was complete torture for the back of my neck, since it was hitting my pressure points so painfully. I felt like it was sucking all my energy source and completely drained the life out of me. I desperately tried to rest my head left and right, but it didn't do anything for me. My last session I told Amy.. it hurts like hell resting my head in this water bowl. She told me I can take my head out and she adjusted the water bowl. What a difference that made. Crucial to ask, because you're going to be there for a few hours!!! Beware ;)\n\nWhat I love about Amy is simply this.. she genuinely cares about my hair condition. Olaplex is generously applied and my hair never felt so healthy and shiny! Soft as a feather.. EVERYTIME. My hair has grown without any struggle and it's strong! For a process of coloring to the extreme of ash blonde. It came out beautiful and a job well done.\n\nI've had endless of compliments and inquiries on her work. I couldn't be more happier with the results of color and condition of my hair. It took three sessions to get the color I wanted to achieve without damaging my hair in the process. So be patient if the color you want is beyond lighter than your natural hair color! \n\nFor the price she charges for all that she does.. I kick myself for going to someone that charged me double and then some! One of the best prices for hair coloring in town and her technique is flawless. She tells me why she put this in my hair and why she made this section darker, lighter, and so forth. Everything has a reason for her application. \n\nMy third and last session I had with Amy. She gave my blonde some dimensions of high and low contrast. Making this illusion of dark to light then back to dark in sequence. I ended up loving it more than just being a ordinary blonde! And I didn't even tell her what I wanted. I let her do what she does best. Sometimes that's the way to go!\n\nEasygoing, personable, loves to chat it up. She's spunky like full of spirit and ready to conquer this game of hair color wars. \n\nThe salon, itself is located in the heart of Henderson. It's on S. Eastern Ave., between W. Horizon Ridge Pkwy. and Sunridge Heights Pkwy. Once you see Anthem Dental and Martial Arts sign, turn into that business complex. There's also a Village Pub in the same area! Clean, well-lit with sunshine, airy, open, spacious! Staff is friendly, helpful, and welcoming.\n\nThank you for taking great care of my hair and giving me some bombshell blonde colors! If you want to make some drastic new year, new look color.. look no further. Amy Kiser makes it happen. Healthy blonde dreams do come true ;)