Never have I ever stepped into a restaurant and felt so alive. Las Vegas has that affect on people, simply just walking the strip is electrifying and come 2:00AM, we realize that our stomachs weren't having as good of a time as we were - they were hollering at us, saying, \"we need food, dude!\" So, as we took the corner, we noticed there was a Buffalo Wild Wings and a Nacho Daddy. Of course, we've eaten at BWW before but never heard of Nacho Daddy and so we decided to take the dive and try it. We're happy we did.\n\nThe second we walked in, we were greeted by a gentleman by the name of Jacob. Jacob was our server and aside from wielding what was the world's greatest mustache, he also had an incredible personality, was welcoming and not for a second did we feel unappreciated. We took advantage of the free house margarita by checking into Yelp and it honestly was one of the best margaritas I've ever had. I've had a lot in my days on Earth and honestly can say Nacho Daddy takes the cake for the best tequila ever. Aside from the margaritas, the nachos were bomb. It was as if God himself cooked our meal for us. Not a dry chip on the plate as advertised. I had the Crab & Lobster nachos which I treated myself to with my winnings from the Bellagio (thank you Mr. Bellagio) and it was incredible. We also tried a chicken sandwich and some other nachos which were also really, really, really, really (x250 really) good. Service, atmosphere, food, it was all a 6 star experience. Yep, you read it here first... 6 stars, not 5. Pricing? It was reasonable considering we were on The Strip so there are no complaints there either!\n\nAll in all, it was incredible and it's ashamed we are leaving this afternoon because we would have been back tonight for some more margaritas and nachos. And this is for you Jacob, if you ever read this, you keep on doing what you're doing. You earned every cent of that tip we left for you and there is no doubt in the world you deserve a raise. Never lose your stripes, kid.\n\nCheers.