** Review only applies to the male strippers upstairs***\n\nFun\/Cost: (4\/5) I came here with a group of 13 girls for a Bachelorette party and we had such a crazy time. Admission is \"free\" but you've got to pay at the door for the 2 drink minimum, which is $25. They at first seated us at the couches in the back due to our large party size, but we moved up to the seats around wishbone-shaped stage after about 20 minutes when another party left. Then the craziness began. We bought countless lap dances for the bachelorette. Then we bought some for the bridal party. Then we bought one for one girl in out group who thought one of the strippers was hot (they do have amazing bodies here). There were dollar bills flying, girls cheering, cameras flashing (yes, strangely they allowed pictures), and bodies all over. The guys actually position the girls on the chairs in various compromising positions and then lift the girls or their legs up, they'll grab girls hands and put them on their butts; they'll dance on girls so hard that the chair starts spinning; they'll lay a girl down on stage and grind up on them 69 style; they'll grab dollar bills with their teeth wherever the dollar bills are hidden on the girl (wherever). I'm not quite sure what the monetary damage was at the end of the night -- lap dances  are $20, $40 on stage, and then as many $1 that you want to contribute. According to my friend was had been here before, they really feed off the energy of your group; the rowdier and louder you cheer, the more crazy and sexual the strippers become. I guess we were pretty darn loud and rowdy. \n\nAmbiance: (3\/5) We came a few weeks ago on the last Saturday of April around 10pm and the upstairs area with the male strippers was pretty much full. (The downstairs is the female stripper area and then upstairs you have the male strippers. As you can imagine, all the men patrons are downstairs and all the female patrons are upstairs.) There were a lot of bachelorette parties going on upstairs, but also a lot of just pairs and small groups of women who appeared to just be enjoying a girls night out. Other than the general dark, dimly lit, clandestine vibe of the place, you pretty much create your own ambiance. If your group is sultry and quietly sexual, you'll get that type of experience. If your group is loud and crazy, you'll get that experience. If your group is timid and surreptitious, you'll have a slightly awkward experience. I guess you could just come and watch here (some of the guys will periodically dance on stage) but then you might be better served just going to a male revue show like Chippendales. \n\nLocation: (2\/5) Olympic Garden is in downtown Las Vegas, so its completely off the nice Strip and in a darker, seedier part of town. I guess that makes sense...it is a strip club after all. \n\nService: (4\/5) It appears as if a lot male reviewers have had problems here with using credit cards at this establishment and subsequently getting overcharged for services or items. Good thing we just used good old cash and didn't encounter any of those problems! We also contacted Olympic Garden ahead of time and they arranged for a limo to pick us up at Encore casino, which was convenient and cost-efficient. When we got here, we were treated courteously and even when we took forever deciding on what drinks to order, the waitress didn't lose her cool with us. So for us girls, we had a great service experience here.  \n\nOverall: (3.5\/5) I'll probably never come back here again as most my other friends aren't crazy enough as to go to a strip club if even for their bachelorettes, but it was an eye-opening, one-in-a-lifetime experience. If you do come, just be open minded and just keep in mind that most parties come here just for fun and for special occasions -- don't judge!