When Station Casinos says they love locals, they back up their words with their  \"Dig into these Great Deals\" promotion book. Today I dug into the $10 off a check adding up to $20 or more in the Sunset Station Grand Cafe. \n\n  With the exception of a few years as a Coco's Cafe in the late 2000's, Grand Cafe has been the signature cafe of Sunset Station. Going back to 2004, I have set eyes several times on the cafe's historic railroad locomotive. As far as setting eyes on the food, it's a different story. Since jumping on the Yelp locomotive in February 2011, I have only been to this Grand Cafe three times.\n\n   A major reason that I have only been to the Sunset Grand Cafe three times in over five years is that in my opinion the food just isn't grand. My reviews of the Sante Fe Station and Green Valley Grand Cafe's support my opinion. From my experience, Grand Cafe is a solid cafe serving food all hours of the day and night that is neither outstanding nor bad. Today's visit was another solid meal in a Grand Cafe. \n\n   When I walked from the faux Mediterranean world that is Sunset Station into the Grand Cafe, I told the waitress table for one. She asked me if I wanted to sit at the counter. I declined to the detriment of waiting for a booth. Back in the faux Mediterranean world of Sunset Station near Starbuck's, time went by fast utilizing the complimentary Sunset Station Wi-Fi. The friendly hostess walked up to the bench before leading me across the grand-sized cafe to a two person booth nearer the kitchen door. From this point forward, Kelly took over as my Waitress. \n\n   The entree selection in the menu is anything but grand. To put it nicely, this ain't no Cheesecake Factory sized entree menu. However, when I looked at the breakfast, sandwich, and late night selection; there was a grand selection. Today I was in a unique situation to inflate my bill to around $20 in order to pay around $10 before tip. After Kelly's second trip to the table to place the glass of Pepsi on it, it was time to order. \n\n   I ordered the following: Dijon salmon entree with string beans and rice pilaf plus a bowl of house salad with Thousand Island dressing. The salad heavy on the croutons was a grand portion. The dijon salmon was too loaded with breadcrumbs. The overabundance of breadcrumbs spoiled the taste of the salmon. There was just too much breadcrumbs and a want of salmon. The two lemons were the wildcards that gave it some flavor. My picture below supports the fact that approximately 25 percent of the plate was the entree. This salmon trailed behind the one that Grand Lux Cafe in the Palazzo served me in March. The reality is that I enjoyed the rice pilaf more than the entree. \n\n   Now the NY steak dinner with scallops that I had back on February 28, 2014 during a week vacation of hiking was a better deal. Then again it was nothing to knock my socks off considering the fact that it was over two years that I returned here. Today my original choice was to order the steak. Unfortunately, they wouldn't have a baked potato until 4 PM. \n\n   When it was time to pay for the meal, the friendly hostess that greeted me took my money and coupon. There were zero hassles over accepting it. When all is said and done, this is a nice deal. Minus the coupon the dijon salmon ($12.99), house salad ($2.99), and bottomless Pepsi ($2.79) came out to $20.30 before the tip. Following the cupoun and adjusting tax all this added up to $9.48 before the tip. \n\n   I appreciate that Station Casinos shows the locals with their Great Deals Cupoun book. I am going to reciprocate that love with a solid rating, return visits to the host casino, and conceivable return visits to the Sunset Station Grand Cafe.