Third time eating at this buffet mecca this past 4th of July weekend. This buffet embodies the word massive (in food selection, gluttony, and flavor) so if you are only going to eat at one buffet in Vegas, this is the one to try.\n\nWait: They recently installed a kiosk system, giving you a time when your table will be ready. If you choose to go this route (HIGHLY RECOMMENDED), it frees you up to go gamble, relax, or putting on loose fitting clothes. This new system erased my previous main gripe about this place - the lines.\n\nPrice: This is one of Vegas' most expensive buffets, so be prepared to pay $35\/person for lunch and $45 for dinner ($50 on the weekends). For those doing the 24-hour Buffet of Buffets, it is a $15 charge per trip, per person to eat here. For best bang-for-your buck, aim for a 2 - 3 PM arrival, so you can catch some of the dinner foods at a lunch price. This place, as with most other Vegas buffets, will charge you extra on holidays and their corresponding weekends (Memorial, 4th of July, Labor, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Years are the ones I remember them mentioning).\n\nFood Highlights:\nYou really can't go wrong with anything here. This is a rarity for buffets, which I have found to be largely \"meh\" with a few sprinkled good dishes. It WILL take multiple trips and many hours to explore their vast selection. Here are my favorites:\n- The Seafood section, which includes selections such as snow and steamed crabs, fresh oysters, and various seafood concoctions are a must try, as are the many selections at the carving station. Quality is much higher than those at other buffets.\n- The TACO STATION is delicious! I love Mexican food and these were taco truck at 3 AM good!\n- Your Asian and American foods are definitely a cut above others in terms of quality. I did find some of the foods to be on the salty side, however.\n- The fresh squeezed juices (I believe 5 different kinds) are unique to this buffet. We came on a Sunday, so we were also able to take advantage of mimosas at no extra charge.\n- The desserts here are the best in Vegas, no comparison. Tiramisu, creme brulee, macarons, and mochi ice cream are some of the more gourmet desserts that make this the highlight station.\n\nOverall:  This buffet's selection and quality is definitely a cut above the others that I have recently tried. The dessert station here itself is worth the price of admission and makes this place worth checking out. I'm not sure if it's worth the holiday pricing, but it is worth the regular prices or the $15 Buffet of Buffets add-on. If you only have the time, budget, or stomach space for one buffet, make it Bacchanal, the God of Buffets.