About a week ago I went in for a spray tan. The tan turned out horribly and I was ashy and gray. I washed it off as soon as I got home but in some spots I was still discolored And spotty. The woman at the front desk not only treated me with disrespect but when my two year old made a noise she shushed him without even asking me to keep him quiet. She is a horrible person who the owner said was going through issues even so no child deserves to be yelled at especially if she didn't say anything to me first. After continuously arguing with me she finally gave me my money back after rolling her eyes several times and yelling at me. She ruined my day and I left in tears over the way she treated my child. Also when I asked her if it was okay if I waited for the manager with my kids because it was hot out she yelled at me saying you have a vehicle don't you. Keep them in there. Talking to the owner didn't help at all he basically stuck up for get suggesting I was cheap for using groupon and most people who use that are looking to get something for nothing. He then said \"this isn't a bribe but if you are willing to change the Yelp review we would give you a free one hour massage\" I would never step foot in that disgusting place ever again. After the condescending reply to my husbands review and many of the replys and bad reviews on here I hope everyone sees all of these before they think about coming here. Good thing when you google this place the Yelp reviews come up first so even if Google is pushing this horrible place people can see the truth.\n\n***this next paragraph is really long but it is in response to how the owner replied to me. If they treat people like this on Yelp I promise it's worse in person. \n\nThat's funny because when I talked to you on the phone you said you had no idea what had gone on from the other room and you would have to speak to Tracey to get her side of the story I even suggested you keep cameras in the front so you could see how she was treating people. You apologized for not being there and since you didn't hear what had gone on you couldn't comment on her behavior. Also during the whole spray tan the kids were next door and my sister in law had to bring them in with me because Tracey was rude to me when I had paid and wanted some one to witness what had gone on. Also she never asked me to keep them quiet she took it upon herself to yell at a two year old.  I don't know why you say on your reply you didn't offer a bribe but your literal words were \"this isn't a bribe but if you change your review online I will give you a free one hour massage\" You did not offer me anything for my bad service you are literally lying about what you said to me. I didn't want anything just to let you know what had transpired between me and your employee. The way you argue with me and many other people on here should show everyone exactly how your business is ran. And the only reason I posted a review in addition to my husbands. And my sister in laws(who was there the whole time) is how rude you continue to be in your responses to not only the people I know but many strangers. If you weren't so condescending and smug I would have let it go.  Yes of course I want her fired she screamed at my son which you could care less about. And to say I do a lot of reviews is also a lie. My profile is not private everyone can look and see this is the very first Yelp review I have done in my life. Please everyone feel free to check that.