I have been here enough times to officially say that Chewy Boba is one of my favorite place to grab boba in town. Las Vegas has been stepping up their boba game in the past few years and Chewy Boba Company is a great addition to the scene.\n\nSERVICE\nChewy Boba always delivers top-notch service. The guy (owner?) is always welcoming and friendly. He is super patient and has helped me decide what drinks to get in many occasions. I go there often now and he recognizes me which is another plus. \n\nDRINKS\nSomething to keep in mind is that their drinks are on the sweeter side. They do sweetness adjustments so if you are not fan of sugary drinks, go for half sugar. To me, their regular sweetness is equivalent to extra sugar. \n\nHoney Milk Tea: I got this at regular sweetness level and was extremely sweet. Honey boba added more sweetness so that was not a smart choice. Wish I tasted tea in this.\n\nSea Salt Green Tea: This has the wow factor. I personally think they have the best sea salt cream in Vegas right now. This drink is similar to Sea salt green tea from 85 degree bakery in Cali. Half sweetness was perfection! Sea salt cream is light with hint of sea salt and you can definitely taste the green tea in this one. Highly recommend. \n\nJasmine Milk Tea: Good at half sweetness. Taste very similar to the one from Brew Tea Bar. Kind of milky in my opinion but doesn't bother me too much. \n\nWhitegourd Green Tea: I got this with sea salt cream. Whitegourd itself tasted very similar to the one from Kung Fu Tea. It's got that butter scotchy taste. Sea salt cream made the whole drink milkier but didnt add anything to the flavor. If anything it was like sipping on a whitegourd green tea with whip cream. It's a strong flavor by itself and sea salt didn't do much in my opinion. \n\nSea Salt Coffee: Oh em gee. This drink is perfect for caffeine fix. Coffee is brewed strong and sea salt adds perfect amount of creaminess. Half sugar is the way to go. I am not a coffee drinker but I am addicted to this drink.\n\nOkinawa (brown sugar milk tea): New drink that's not on the menu as far as I know. If you like just a plain milk tea, Okinawa milk tea is similar but better in my opinion. \n\nHokkaido: Another secret drink that's not on the menu. Drink itself like other places is based on milk candy so it is on the sweeter side. I've never been a fan of Hokkaido because of its sweetness and milkiness that lingers in my mouth. However, I would say their Hokkaido is about 10 times better than the one from Brew Tea Bar. \n\nFor sweet tooth, honeydew milk tea is my favorite! Half sugar is perfect. For something refreshing, lychee green tea. I like getting it with green apple jelly. \n\nBoba...I've had better but not bad. It can get mushy at times but consistent for the most part. They use longan honey + brown sugar so boba is sweeter than what I'm used to. Order your drink half sugar or even little sugar because syrup from boba will add to the sweetness. \n\nCONCLUSION\nService, drinks, atmosphere, location...everything on point! Check this place out when you can and make sure to check in on yelp for a free upgrade.