Located right off the I-17 and Peoria, in the same shopping center as In-N-Out, Michael's and Petco, this location is easy to find and get to. The parking lot is large and can accommodate the need for all the businesses in the shopping center. \n\nThe building itself is old and from the looks of it, it hasn't been updated since it was built. The inside could definitely use an upgrade and some organization. Each department has it's own area, but seems kinda cluttered and filled with too much stuff. Kind of hard to go in there and actually find something particular when I have to go thru racks and racks of stuff I don't need. \n\nMany of the departments, like shoes are always in a mess. Many times shoes are all in the wrong places and sometimes I only find one shoe and not the other. Also, clearance areas are always messy. Nothing is organized and they usually have stuff that are missing something or broken. I do understand that is why it's in clearance, but who wants or can use a broken lamp??? \n\nThey do have some good deals in here, just have to go hunting. Found on occasion some really cute dresses and tops for me, but recently I come in here to look for dog items and baby stuff for my nephew. I can always find cute clothing for him, but prices are a bit high for most items. I can find the very same outfit at Ross for cheaper. \n\nStaff here are a hit or miss when it comes to friendliness and\/or helpfulness. In general they keep to themselves and only talk to you if you ask them a question. No happy, smiling faces here. Cashiers just do their job and thats all. \n\nRestrooms are also a hit or miss when it comes to being clean and stocked with the necessities. If you come in first thing when they open up, sure it's clean, but come mid day or later and it definitely needs someone to come in and clean!! Usually out of paper towels and soap and the floor usually needs sweeping. \n\nAll in all, I will come back again, but probably as a last resort when I can't find what I want\/need from somewhere else.