I know Gordon Ramsey has quite a few restaurants in Vegas and this place was the one I really wanted to try. It's not that I love burgers or 'American' food but just because I am a big fan of Hell's Kitchen and Gordon Ramsey, I had to come and try.\n\nThey close at 12:00 AM and us group of 5 went in around 11:30 PM. I asked the server if it was OK for us to dine in and he said it was fine but we need to order everything at once since kitchen was closing soon.\n\nSince a couple of us were not that hungry we decided to share some food. We asked for recommendation besides the one we knew we had to order but they overlapped so we got Hell's Kitchen Burger (2), Euro Burger and Beer Bettered Maui Onion Rings. Their menu has a good description of every food and they have 2 different prices. One price is the regular price and one in ORANGE indicates the discounted price for Total Rewards members. I forgot my TR card but my friend had it so we were able to get discounted prices for every item that we ordered.\n\nI really liked Hell's Kitchen Burger. I liked that little kick that roasted jalapeño peppers gave. It wasnt super spicy or stronf but there was definitely a little something. Avocado made the overall flavor a lot more rich on top of asadaro cheese. Also that soft texture of oven roasted tomatoes were very pleasing.\n\nEveryone liked Hell's Kitchen Burger more than the Euro Burger. Euro burger is very different because it had truffle aioli but I didnt find it too special. It was barely there if you know what I mean. It also had oven roasted tomatoes for that particular texture. Goat cheese in the burger had that special smell but the flavor again, was not rich enough.\n\nBeer Battered Maui Onion Rings were super delicious! The batter was very thick in a way but it was super crunchy and flavorful. It was served with chipotle ketchup and cheddar ranch dip but I usually like to eat my food without any sauce so I did not try. My friends told me they like the cheddar ranch dip a little more over chipotle ketchup even though both were pretty satisfying.\n\nService was average. Servers were busy closing since it was already past their closing time. I totally understans but I had to wait forever to get their attention to ask for a check. \n\nI would like to come back and try their other burgers ans that sticky pudding everyone is talking about!