So normally when I come to Las Vegas, I dine like most other vacationers in town for the weekend. Brunch buffets, food courts lunches and an occasional overpriced dinner in one of the casinos on the Strip. Sometimes I make it to the Main Street Station 777 Steakhouse Grill downtown which I think is one of the best bargains in Vegas.\n\nSo when I friend told me that he had a place in mind for dinner on the outskirts of town in Henderson, I was more than happy to oblige. He had raved about Gaetano's before and I was eagerly awaiting to see what all the fuss was about, and also spend an evening away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip.\n\nThe great thing about this place is it's a family owned establishment with more locals than tourists eating there. It feels like a place that you would actually go out to for a nice dinner if you lived in the area! The owners are extremely friendly and chatted with us before bringing out our appetizer, a plate of assorted cheeses, bruschetta, olives, assorted bread basket and a delicious centerpiece of fresh mozerella drizzled with balsamic vinegar atop a bed of fresh arugula. The cheese will literally melt in your mouth, leaving you to crave another three or four pieces. But fear not, then there are the entrees...\n\nOur waiter Nick was extremely friendly and knowledgable, and explained the specials to us in extreme detail, and they all sounded delicious. We could tell that he is very passionate about the food at Gaetano's. My friend ordered the chicken-asparagus risotto (off the regular menu), which he said was delicious. I also ordered off the main menu, mostly because of the rave reviews that the Ossu Bucco has gotten at this place. When it came, my eyes practically popped out of my head. What you had was an enormous shank of meat complete with the bone marrow sitting atop a bed of saffron risotto. I went straight for the marrow, spreading it onto the bread. That first bite may be one of my top 5 of all time. The shank was tender and delicious, smothered in what looked to be a tomato and red wine reduction sauce. It all went perfectly with the rich and delicious saffron risotto (who even thinks of such a thing?!?!). Needless to say by the end of the meal every last bit of marrow had been sucked from the bone, and by the last sip of my glass of house red wine I was practically in heaven. Oh yeah, and then there was the creme brulee with fresh strawberries that was one of the best I've ever had. So in order to sum everything up...\n\nIf you are ever in Vegas, GO TO GAETANO'S YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!! \n\n#Mange