Which girl doesn't want to visit a hidden coffee shop that's incredibly Instagram-able, complete with aesthetically pleasing décor and well thought-out furniture that just beckons you to sit down and enjoy a cup of coffee? After seeing the incredible video about this place on Facebook, I knew I'd be making a trip to Gabi myself in the near future. But it does seem like most of the places that are currently trending on FB, I've found to be very cliché and a bit overhyped. Don't come with too high expectations because you might be let down. \n\nThere's no signage for Gabi besides the well-recognized big wooden doors. Located in a very unassuming plaza (by Chatime), you probably wouldn't believe what was behind those doors if you were meandering through here on your own. It's almost like you're walking into a well-kept greenhouse for desserts. The display case and the stacks of plates and teapots definitely catch your eye when you walk in - and the cute lighting hanging from ceiling helps as well. With a loveseat swingset to bar seating to a life size bookshelf that customers can sit on, you can sit in a different area for the next several times that you visit and never be bored. \n\nOrdering is the same as a fast-food type restaurant. Order at the front where the huge display case is. Desserts only start selling after 3 PM, but the rainbow roll cakes were already all gone by the time we got there at around 5. Menu is very limited - there's coffee and tea drinks (all of which are quite pricey) as well as some desserts. They do have a small selection of breads and toasts. If you want something savory, they have 2 salad choices and 3 sandwich choices. \n\nDrinks:\nHot café latte (12 oz) for $5. Price was a little on the higher side, but the quality and quantity was fairly decent. Latte art was on point and the drink was not too bitter nor was it too sweet. Went down smooth and I can see myself enjoying another cup while reading a book or chatting with a friend if I ever came back. \n\nGinger Raspberry (16 oz): $5 definitely on the pricier side. While it tasted decent, I don't think I'd order this again. Flavor was subtle and not too sweet, but nothing too special about it. \n\nJujube Green Tea (16 oz): $5 I liked the flavor of this tea a bit more than the ginger raspberry. Flavors were lighter, which helped because the desserts were so sweet. \n\nChocolate Roulade: $4 per slice. I was a bit disappointed since the rainbow was all sold out, but this wasn't too bad. The cake was a little dense and there was quite a bit of cream in the middle - cream was also a little dense (kind of like it was made awhile ago). Nothing memorable and honestly would not order this again. \n\nCoconut Panna Cotta with Mango Gelee: $5 again was not wowed. Very sweet and the dessert was a bit dense to eat. Flavor of the mango was pretty good, but I could not get any of that coconut flavor at all. Felt like the mango overwhelmed the dessert. \n\nLychee Rose Cake: $5 unique looking and pretty tasty. The lychee cream on top is not too overwhelming, but it is a bit sweet. The cake inside is light and fluffy, so you definitely taste more cream than cake in each bite. The lychee and sauce on the side balanced the cream and cake flavors, which I thought helped. I honestly thought that Ikea's marzipan dessert (at $1.50 each) was way better than this cake. \n\nYou're basically paying for the cuteness of the café and the presentation of all the items. Felt a bit disappointed that the desserts were quite bland and not memorable despite all the hype about this place. \n\nThe bookshelf is a really cute idea, but it's not the most comfortable for your butt. I had my niece with me and she kept wanting to slide down the shelf (which I don't think is the intention of the shelf). Workers are busy serving customers and don't seem to want to make eye contact once customers already have food. Had to get up and ask for things directly. \n\ntl;dr - Definitely a cute coffee place\/bakery that you should check out if you're into cute dessert shops and IG-able places. Unimpressive desserts in my opinion. Only thing I was really wowed by was the interior of this place and their latte. I would return for another cup.