I visited last night at around 6:45.  Because I was meeting CM here at 7, I decided to sit at the bar and take advantage of happy hour.  I was impressed by the long list of $2 beers, which included Woodchuck Amber hard cider, which I ordered.  Happy hour here seems quite popular--the bar was almost full at the time that I arrived, and was completely full by the time CM arrived--and given the selection and discount, I can certainly understand the attraction!\n\nOnce CM arrived, we got a table.  Having heard good things about the fried cauliflower patties, we decided to get an order of them to share.  (This worked out nicely, since one order comprises 4 patties.)  They were quite nice, esp. with the lemon aioli sauce drizzled on them, tasting similar to potato patties.  Cauliflower patties aren't an item that would normally hold a huge appeal to me, but I'd definitely recommend them!\n\nFor my entree, I ordered the turkey burger, since I'd also heard good things about it, and CM ordered the Social (beef) burger.  Based on other reviews, I was expecting a mind-blowingly delicious turkey burger.  Alas, this was not the case.  Paradoxically, the turkey patty and bun were extremely dry, whereas the toppings were overly moist.  As I ate the burger, the far end became soggier and soggier, to the point that I found it inedible, only finishing 2\/3 of it.  The burger wasn't nearly as flavorful as I was hoping, either--I could barely taste the gouda cheese, and the lettuce and tomatoes didn't add much to it in terms of flavor, either.  In general, the ingredients struck me as low quality.\n\nI ordered the cheesy tomato soup as a side, and it wasn't bad--it was thicker and creamier than Campbell's, though it wasn't quite as cheesy as I would have hoped, and I'm not sure how I feel about the toasted bready thing floating in it.  The burgers came with fresh cut fries, which was a nice touch, but they were nothing too special.\n\nAside from the food, service was pretty lackluster, with our waitress making minimal conversation, etc.--although she did keep our water glasses filled, which we appreciated.  As for the ambiance, I'd describe it as rather loud and somewhat boisterous--which I suppose is to be expected for a place called Social.  People were engaging in some fun activities, such as ping pong and darts, which was cool to watch.\n\nOverall, with the exception of the cauliflower patties, I wasn't very impressed with the food at Social.  (I found out later that Social is owned by the same group that owns Shady Grove, for which I have similar feelings.)  If you want a solid turkey burger, I'd recommend checking out BRGR nearby. I'd consider returning for happy hour, but would definitely go elsewhere for dinner.