I've lived at San Antigua for about 3 years.  My apartment is not updated, which is fine with me, because it saves me money (and I work only a mile away, so the commute is fantastic).  They did put in all new appliances about a year and a half ago, but I think they are the lowest quality possible. The original microwave had a tag inside that it was manufactured in August 1993 and it was not pretty.  But it was clean and it worked better than my new one.  Same with the other appliances. I would have been happy if they had replaced the washer with a efficient front loader!  But the one I have doesn't even have a delicate cycle.  I wash all of my work clothes in lingerie bags (I have about 10 now) to protect them from the beating they would get in that washer.\n\nI have had a few maintenance requests, and they have usually come right away.  I noticed comments about the water being off, and the water was off often.  Once until late at night (when the notice said during the day only) and there was no way to get an update.  It was very inconvenient and annoying, but that is resolved.\n\nMy main issue is with the office staff, which is what is driving me to write today.  The two main ladies I've interacted with in the last year (I think one is gone now, but her replacement is no better) are not helpful at all.  Last year I was going to be away for 4 weeks and I asked about how I could handle my rent and my water bill payment (I was to return on the 4th of the month).  I could pay my rent ahead of time (not ideal, but that's fine). But for the water bill, I should pay more than the amount I paid for that month to make sure I covered next months, because they charge you a late fee if you are one day late.  I think they should have worked with me for the $20 water bill that would have been 5 days late.  Their attitude was \"too bad\" and they weren't even nice about it.\n\nThere used to be a drop box that I would drop my rent into on my way to work on the first, but that is now gone. You can pay your rent online now, but the water bill doesn't show up on your account until sometime on the 1st usually after 10 am (I can usually pay at lunch time and its there).  Today however, I went to pay a little after noon, and the water bill did not yet show up on my account.  I called the office and was told they were having trouble with getting the water bill online. I could bring a check in to the office.  I pointed out they don't have a drop box anymore.  She pretty much said I would be charged a late fee if I didn't pay today.  So I hope I remember to go back online to pay that portion and I have to hope it is there to pay. Its like I get a 6 - 8 (if I'm lucky) hour window to pay the rent and I better make it work with my life.  It is very frustrating and annoying.  I've never had issues like this any where else I have lived.\n\nLast year I probably would have rated them 4 stars, but with my issues with the office staff, I am down to 2.  And I'm considering moving out when my lease is up in the fall.