I find this place to be very comforting. On a chilly day, you walk in and the warm, Asian barbecue smell wraps you in a cozy cocoon of enticing scents. The service has been kind and competent, and I like the small, familiar space. Personally, I don't mind a small menu, either. Do a select set of things you do well, and I'll be back for more. I've heard people complain that you can only have a few things there; I didn't find it to be a limiting selection at all, just the Korean classics you would expect.\n\nMy first time, I went with my sister as part of a weekend of Asian food-crawling. We had the ddeokbokki and then shared a hot-pot.  This was probably a mistake, because it was a LOT of food. (See photo) The price made me think the two of us Midwestern girls could put that away easily. WRONG. We did pretty good justice to it, but it was too much.   The ddeokbokki was delightfully springy and just the right amount of chewy, the spicy barbecue sauce paired well with the mix of pickled accouterments provided. The fish cakes that come along traditionally with ddeokbokki were not mind blowing, but also good. A little flat, perhaps. \n\nThe Hot Pot arrived as we were eating a little kimchi sampler (banchan) and putting down the delicious ddeokbokki while slamming their Asian pear punch.  (The punch, while delicious and refreshing, is very weak as far as alcohol content, not much of a punch to the punch, if you will. But that means you can have 4 of them and still walk a straight line home.) The mini stove apparatus took up almost the entire table for two, which immediately tipped us off that it was going to be a lot of food. The server kindly offered to move the table next to us over to give us more space, but we saw that they were busy and didn't want to take up a table just to be gluttonous monsters.\n\nThankfully it was apparent that the staff knew how to time out the hot pot, since we obviously knew nothing of what was expected of us when served this item. The server instructed us to ignore it for a good bit  while it came to a boil, and that they would be back to serve us.   After about 10 minutes we had finished our appetizers and were staring longingly into the depths of the beckoning hot pot. It smelled so good... we began to debate if we had been forgotten? It was boiling... should we stop it? What if it's overcooking?  We began to fret, and started picking bits off the top. Eventually a different server came by to let us know that is was \"almost done\" now that it had come to a full boil, and should be left for another 5 minutes or so to thicken.  D'oh!  We should have known better than to eat it before the waitress returned. She was right, it was better after she came to check it, stir it, and then wait for it to cool down some and become thick, saucy, and less brothy.  It was amazing.  I definitely noticed a few patrons staring at our massive stovetop of deliciousness. Their jealousy was apparent and warranted.\n\nAbsolutely worth a try if you like Korean comfort food. We enjoyed everything that was brought to us, and I have now been back several times. Great location, nice folks, reasonable prices and decent sized servings, and you can tell by the number of Korean patrons that they are doing something right!