What a really awkward social scene.  I have been wanting to Yelp Due Forni for awhile now and Angela T. was soldier enough to come Yelp this establishment with me.  I don't know how she felt but the only way I could express it at the time and to break tension was with my wine selection: The Princess.  \n\nI felt like the whole time I was surrounded by a bunch of Princesses, excluding our soft-spoken server.  My special radar went off and yours should too if you ever ate there.  \n\nWe anticipated the dinner rush so we chose an hour which wouldn't hinder their business (being a Friday night) and a time when a business usually needs customers.  Time being 5:00PM.  We show up and as I predicted, not busy at all.  Maybe four tables occupied in the main dining area and three along the right side by the bar.  The first thing he asked for is if we had reservations, I told her no.  The reaction he had was as if we were being a burden in her pizza shop, with a sigh to our faces and everything.  After I gave him my name, probably so it's on the check and not a wait list which surprised me, she was looking for hard for a table to sit us at.  There's open tables everywhere, and when he asks if the bar side was okay we both agreed.  I see three tables occupied and figured we would sit on one of those large enough tables, wrong.  It was like we did something wrong and were sat away from the public, the table for two against the window and entrance.  \n\nFor my wine I ordered the Princess because everyone I ran into so far was acting like one.  Our pizza was supposed to be a thick crust margherita.  The flavor was outstanding but the crust was thin and nowhere close to being crispy thick like we ordered.  It gathered close to the center and went through our near transparent pizza crust.  I do want to come back and try about three more pizzas, a couple more appetizers, a few wines, and some other dessert but I'll pass for now.\n\nLets talk about what saved my experience, the Polipo appetizer!  That was one of the best appetizers I have ever had.  The Polipo is an octopus bowl with greens and a vinaigrette that really accompanies the octopus very well, the amount of salt tasted on the Octopus was perfect even though it doesn't need it at all.  My dessert was perfect but what a roller-coaster ride, intro: low, appetizer: high, pizza: low, dessert: high, service: good.