First place I've ever been where an employee needs to unlock the door for you to the restroom!!! It was very strange. I just assumed that you would go up to the counter, get the key and do your thing. But nope, the guy walked back w\/ me, unlocked the door and off he went. The thing that was also weird was that it was a multi person bathroom.\n\nWe walked in, we had never been here before, and it was a straight shot to the cash register. The way this place is set up is awkward and if there would have only been 3-4 people ahead it would have put almost back to the door. I could see how during busy times it would suck cause you would be stuck outside while standing in line.\n\nWe got up to the register and looked for a menu, there was none. All they had was a little laminated sheet that told you what the burger toppings were. They have a digital menu, but it is not helpful. In my opinion the screen moves waaaaaay too fast, you see something that looks good but then the screen changes. It a pain cause while you are trying to figure out what you want, you also dont want to hold up the line either.\n\nWe finally decided on our order and purchased 3 cheeseburgers, and order of fries, 1 soda and 1 strawberry shake and it cost around $45!!!\n\nThe burgers were VERY good though. The buns were butter grilled, the burger was very juicy and had a good flavor. I especially loved the crispy char on the ring of the burger. The fries were cooked to perfection. They give you the option of steak cut fries or thin...we opted for the thin ones. My strawberry shake was creamy and had chunks of strawberry in it. I am not sure what I was expecting in regards to the shakes. A lot of places I have ordered strawberry shakes from have just used the flavoring, so I was thinking it was going to be something along the lines of that. I am glad that I was wrong...these shakes were REAL ice cream and REAL strawberries. The shake took a little while to make, but it was totally worth it.\n\nI would consider coming back here. The service was great as was the food. The price was just a little much for no more than what we ordered. If this was a sit down type of place and included a side and\/or drink it would have been different. They were also running a Groupon deal, but it wasnt valid for this location.