Hmm, its called Brandos and has nothing to do with Marlon Brando?\n\nWalking in and making that realization we should have left but the on-line menu had an amazing picture of Onion Rings and a good looking photo of a philly cheese steak so we took a seat based on that and the Chicago sports memorabilia hung up around the bar.\n\nIt didn't take long for me to notice they dont have draft beer only bottles. If your business is stuck serving bottles you should at least go out of your way to serve hard to find brands and not stuff you can pick up at a local grocery store. I only saw one brand I didn't recognize and was highly disappointed. I know Tenaya creek would be happy to sell you some kegs and get some additional exposure on this side of the valley.\n\nThe online menu lies! They dont serve onion rings anymore. The pictures of the Philly sub are miss leading to say the least. The sub I was served was lacking in both size (maybe half the size of the one in the picture)and definitely was lacking in flavor. \n\nThe wings we shared weren't spicy and had an over the top Vinegar taste. Ive said it before and I will say it again Vinegar isnt a good spice on hot\/spicy chicken wings.  \n\nThe chef salad we ordered had a single slice of very thin lunch meat slice ham. About 100 black olives a single slice of tomato and maybe a Kraft single slice of cheese. It was pretty sad looking.\n\nThe waitress was nice, answered questions quickly and was tentative without being pushy or intrusive. She even gave us a free order of fries when she realized I had ordered the waffle fries and was served the regular fries.\n\nOh I almost forgot! Its a bar serving beer and alcohol but they only have a single toilet in the mens bathroom?! In fact that toilet was the size of a potty training toilet and I cant believe it can hold up to a busy night of swigging bottles.\n\nI wish I could recommend something good on the menu or even say something good about the bar but the only positive thing out of this meal was my GF won $70 bucks on the slot machine during our lunch and we pretty much ate here for free. \n\nIf you live near by it might not be too bad to swing in for a quick beer before going elsewhere for better beer section and food quality. ITS A DIVE BAR SO DONT EXPECT THE Ritz