Every major city has a restaurant like Durant's. Old School place, been around for 50 years, with red leather half circle booths, red velvet wall paper, dim lighting, old-time professional waiters with grey hair, and expensive food specializing in steaks. You walk into Durant's from the back parking lot, through the kitchen; not because of the light rail construction out front, but because that is how it has always been done. The logo awning and valet parking is back there in the rear! \n\nMost steaks are in the $40 range, which comes with a choice of potato styles (baked, garlic mashed, fries) and a choice of soup du jour or house salad (Caesar's Salad is $4.50 more, but it isn't the old school with anchovies or mixed at your table by the waiter with wood spoons like some classic restaurants like this do it. It is mostly just sprinkled with cheese. I long for the real Caeser's salad, not this version remeniscent of casual dining places that serve it with chicken!). Seafood selections are mostly in the $30 range. They offer Delmonico steak (In-Bone New York) for $41.50; the 8 oz Filet Mignon is $40.50 (they have a larger 12 oz, too) and the in-bone porterhouse of 32 oz is $72!  A large Shrimp and Crab Louis entree is $24.95. Spinich dip appetizer is $8.95, and a dozen oysters on the half shell is $24.95 (6 for $13.95).\n\nAll the food is good, but not fantastic given the prices. Service was very deliberate bordering on slow (from the kitchen , not the waiter). \nThey have a decent wine list. House wines by the glass include the Santa Barbara Avila Merlot, lighter and simplistic, at $6, and the Sterling Merlot from Norcal is $9, with more body but only average. \n\nDrinks may default to premium brands if you don't specify at the bar. Myers Platinum rum and coke, $5.50. Tanqueray and Tonic, $6.00. Stolichnaya Raspberry Vodka and Tonic, $10.95. They do serve the drinks very stiff, though!\n\nThe best thing about this place is the bread. They serve a round loaf of sourdough like bread, sliced and soaked in olive oil and covered with minced garlic and basil. It is free and they will keep bringing more as you wait patiently for your other dishes. We had 3 loaves. \n\nThey offer typical classic desserts for this type of place, like Key Lime Pie, but we were so full with meat and bread, we passed on it. \n\nThis is the place you bring your significant other's parents to impress them with a classic, great old school restaurant, especially if they listen to Frank Sinatra and like meat.  But if you are a trendy chic diner, you should pass and try something fresher in ambiance and food but equally expensive (think Scottsdale's overblown newer mega-restaurants which are the new Durant's except with Sushi or Asian Fusion, or oversized Southwest flavored creations with names taken from Cactus varieties.)