I have to preface this by saying I've only had a banh mi once (made of headcheese - it was awesome) before going here. I am by no means a good judge of how \"authentic\" anything about the food was and I know this is fusion food not intending to adhere strictly to tradition (though a banh mi in and of itself is a fusion of Asian and French cuisine so...). I am rating this strictly on how good the food and my experience were, not how it stacks up to other banh mi or traditional Vietnamese cuisine in general. \n\nThe good: I got a duck confit banh mi - I've been CRAZY for the duck lately; see my review of Prince BBQ - and it was just amazing. It was just fatty enough to give that hearty, comfort food flavor and texture without being greasy. It was well trimmed (one ittttttttty bitty piece of grissle in the whole sandwich), and the roll & pickled vegetables were fresh and tasty. I also sampled my bf's grilled pork banh mi - great, but the duck was better - and he raved about the chicken taco he got. Personally my banh mi and a sampling of my friend's amazing kim chi fries (holy poo - huge serving and such a great mix of flavors and textures; I could just sit and eat a box of these without ordering anything else and be totally satisfied) was more than enough for me. They call you over to the prep section of the line to order the \"zestiness\" you want individually - unprepared I stammered \"uhhh mild-mediumish...?\" She totally nailed it. Just the right amount of seasoning and sriracha. \n\nThe meh: I'd actually give the place a 4.5. A few very minor complaints if I'm going to get fussy -  \n\n1) A bit disappointed with the drink selection for a place with such interesting fusion cuisine, though they did have some glass bottled sodas. I was especially wanting something hot with the crazy cold weather and they only have bottled, cold beverages. \n\n2) The awkward counter stuffed next to the trash cans is a bit weird. Maybe rearrange some stuff? Probably not going to happen with such a small location and a minor complaint overall.\n\n3) Staff was fairly curt, but they were uber busy. Seemed to notice some employees being a lot more friendly with Asian than non-Asian customers (not just muah, but I've had Asian friends treated like crap generally by white people so that could play into someone's perceptions), but no one screamed \"you can't have a sandwich honkey,\" so maybe I was reading into things or they get regular customers they recognize. I know the people at my favorite pizza place treat me like a celebrity when I come in and then will be blunt as h e double hockey sticks with the people behind me they don't know. \n\n4) I have to say, over $7 for a relatively small hoagie is a bit steep, but meh, it's duck and I was impressed with the quality of the ingredients. \n\nI would DEFINITELY go back, and would love to see one of these open in Buffalo, which is practically a banh mi wasteland.