After seeing all the rave reviews for Vivace on here I was stoked to check it out, even though I feel like I'm the last person to try it. \n\nThe night: A rainy evening that was perfect for warm, filling Italian food. Being a weeknight, the bar was more crowded than the dining room and throughout my time there, only saw three or four other tables. \n\nThe drinks:The wine list is sick!! If you can't find vino you like, you are smoking the good stuff since they offer just about everything under the sun. I opted for the red sangria and it was absolute perfection. It wasn't entirely sweet but more tart and in my world, that's perfection. Next time I will be back to try one of their Italian Mojitos (they offer different flavors such as Blackberry, Pineapple, Lime and more) \n\nThe food: They first brought us out bread to nibble on while we were waiting for our food. Instead of olive oil or butter, they brought out a cannellini bean dip that reminded me of a lighter, thinner hummus. The menu has a decent sized selection where you can scan then have one thing catch your eye but then you keep looking (so you won't have order remorse) and find another scrumptious sounding dish. I absolutely love that they offer smaller portions on their pasta dishes (pasta is made in house) since there is no such thing as portion control in many restaurants these days. I ordered the small portion of Short Braised Ribs with fettuccine, apples, swiss chard and a few other goodies that I can't remember. When they brought it out, I kinda pointed out they brought me out the wrong dish and our server told me that was the dish I ordered (I blame it on the sangria). The apples resembled mini scallops at first and there wasn't much braised rib to be seen. I was a bit bummed about that but it ended up being a delicious entree with a light, brown sauce. \n\nThe service: From working in the restaurant industry and visiting many dining establishments, this is probably in my top 10% tier of best service I've ever had. \n\nThe verdict: I liked it alot. I can't say it's my favorite Italian place in Charlotte yet. They offer a more modern spin on Italian cuisine and I guess I'm a more traditional girl (who knew??) but am definitely happy Vivace is here to offer a different take on Italian. I will definitely come back to Vivace though!