The prettiest cupcakes I've ever seen! \n\nI was wooed at the Yelp in Bloom event where I enjoyed half of a lemon-raspberry cake. And, exclaimed with glee, \"you mean I can buy these like donuts!?!\" when I understood they had a cupcake shop. \n\nI had driven by Let Them Eat Cake in the past and just assumed it was a bakery for elegant, custom cakes - a place to call when planning a wedding or hosting a shower of some sort. That feeling was reinforced a bit by the lovely presentation at the Yelp in Bloom event. (check out Vanessa M's pic - it's hard to tell from the perspective here but these were hearty handfuls to be eaten straight from the wrapper with a fork!). Barbara Gardner was even wearing her Food Network chef's coat earned at a soon-to-air Food Network Challenge for anniversary cakes! \n\nIt just so happens, I was going to visit a friend who had just celebrated a birthday and figured a cupcake would be a nice little gift. Friday, I stopped in the cupcake shop to make my selection. It was tough - there were at least a dozen options! \n\nI went with Better Than Sex for the gift - a chocolate cupcake, filled with cream and dipped in caramel, topped with chocolate ganache and nuts. I didn't get a chance to taste it. I heard it was tasty, though not exactly better than sex.\n\nOf course, it gave me the excuse to get a cupcake for myself. My choice was Oreo ($3.25). I used to love an Oreo Cake offered at a coffee house in Tucson when I was in college. This cupcake didn't quite measure up. Aside from the Oreo on top, it didn't taste like Oreo and the butter cream mountain on top combined with the butter cream fillings was beyond overload. Don't get me wrong. I ate the whole damn thing! Took me two tries, though. :) \n\nAnyway, my only complaint is in both cupcakes I've tried it seemed like there was less cake and more filling. For the time being, I'm attributing that to my selections. I intend to try one of those ganache topped cakes myself. And, maybe even a Plain Jane (vanilla cake with butter cream and sprinkles). Not to mention, the coconut cream is calling to me... after all, I have a punch card. Ten more cupcakes and I'll get one free!!