At the end of the Thanksgiving weekend most people probably want to take a step back from the table and reassess their diet for the next few weeks prior to Christmas.  Some may refer to them as intelligent, healthy, skinny, etc... I, however, like to call those people \"amateurs.\"\n\nA trip to Carmi's is about one thing... the food.  This is not about the lack of decor, the dim lighting, or the inconspicuous entrance at the darker end of Western Avenue.  It's about finding a place to sit down on a brisk Saturday night and be comforted by a warm soul food blanket.\n\nAlthough the menu is somewhat limited, the items selected were done well.  I couldn't help but head straight into the deep end and get the chicken and waffles... besides, what's one more dead bird to the population?  The menu options are for a breast, 3 full size wings, or one leg and thigh.  The way I see it, one needs to consume all parts of the bird - most of them, anyways - in order to fully experience the quality of the overall product.  Naturally, I ordered the chicken breast with an additional thigh and leg.  As it did not come with a side, I felt obligated to order myself some mac and cheese.  It's just an unwritten rule in this type of establishment that you try it, no matter what.  The waitress was nice, helpful, and attentive... and also informed us that it would be up to a 20 minute wait for the fried chicken breasts.  I'm willing to wait for [potentially] great things, so this was of no issue.\n\nThe fried chicken was a deep golden brown with a crisp skin, generously salted and lightly peppered, just as it should be.  Instead of a heavy floured crust, this was done with a thin batter... just enough to hold on to the meat and provide a great texture contrast while still maintaining the moisture inside.  The waffle was evenly browned with a slight crisp on the exterior, concealing the sweet malty pillow tucked inside.  The hot sauce, which was in the range of Red Devil or Crystal, rounded out the flavor of the chicken while complimenting the heavy drizzle of maple syrup flowing through the waffle's crevices.\n\nThe macaroni and cheese is very straightforward and that's what makes it so great.  The technique of making mac and cheese could start a world war, but I don't discriminate.  Baked and dry, not baked and excessively creamy, processed cheese product, mornay base, aged or young shredded... I don't care.  Just give it to me - preferably in mass quantity.  A noticeable texture strata of brown and bubbly to soft and stringy cheese will only earn you more points.  This one in particular is more along the lines of the oven baked variety with a lightly browned top, noodles cooked beyond the point of tender, heaped into a bowl without regard for delicate presentation.  No secrets, no frills, just a great bowl of mac and cheese.  Hell, it didn't even need bacon. *gasp*\n\nWhile straddling the boundaries of yet another holiday food coma, our waitress was just in time to ask if we wanted dessert.  I didn't know what they had to offer, but I know exactly what I wanted if indeed it were an option, regardless if it could be fully consumed or not.  Sure enough, those words flowed from her mouth: \"We have banana pudding.\"  YES. There would be no turning back.\n\nWe sat and waited, unknowing of what was about to hit our table.  She approached with what appeared to be a bowl size comparable to that of a baptismal basin - not the one the old ladies dip their gnarled fingers in - the one that a small child could be dumped in to wash him of his \"sins\", or chicken greased fingers in this case.  A mountain of banana pudding, hints of vanilla, layered with whipped cream and crushed 'Nilla wafers, overflowing with freshly sliced ripe bananas.  I've had some banana pudding in my day... but this was near the top of the list.  Once again it was simplicity at its finest, with ingredients none too spectacular, but handled with enough care to create a dish that transports you straight into grandma's kitchen.\n\nA great first trip for someone who loves and appreciates soul food.  I can only hope everyone else has the same experience.