You really have to like a certain type of shopping to frequent the basement Nordstrom Last Chance in Phoenix.  I have heard it's like Filene's bargain basement in Boston.  I don't know I haven't been there.  I do know you go down there and take your chances that you might walk away with some excellent buys.  Some things have been worn and some are brand new.  How much work does it take to check something for a torn seam or something like that?  If that bothers you, stay away because no one wants to hear you whine there.  I can't tell you how many times I have walked out of there having saved two or three hundred dollars.  Everything is out on display.  You have to dig at times, other times it's on racks, rounders and whatever. \n\nA couple of words of advice.  If you find something you like, don't lay it down even for a moment.  Things walk away!  Be prepared for days where you won't find anything but on the good days, that makes up for it.\n\nI understand Last Chance opened because Nordstrom was sued for having employees wear clothes then cleaning them and putting them back on the racks?  I do know that in the past, Nordstrom would take anything back.  Last Chance is a way of taking returned merchandise that would have to be written out of stock and shredded otherwise and making some money on it.  If buying a pair of shoes that has two different labels-on the manufactures and one Nordstrom private label, you won't like Last chance.  In New York, there are services where people will wear your shoes several times so you don't have to stretch the leather.  I hate that part of buying shoes.  Give me a pair that have been worn a few times any day.\n\nI will tell you a little secret-from time to time you can find just about anything at Last Chance.  Suits, gowns, dressy, casual, shoes of all and any styles, including narrows and wides, that's the beginning.  My older sister would have had a perfect snit if she new some of the baby clothes I have bought for her grandchildren have been purchased there.  Some hadn't been worn and the ones that had, to bad.  Their mothers know.