Unfortunately, where do I begin. Just the other day I was shopping at Eaton Centre  and was craving the twisted Mac and cheese from here. My friend and I walked over and we were greeted by a cute lady and seated outside on to the patio. Our server came by and he seemed a bit nervous and kept pacing back and forth like he was running a marathon. I already knew what I wanted so I started off with the bruschetta and the twisted Mac and cheese and my friend ended up ordering The Texan sandwich. While we waited for our food,  the server brought out some water and was wiggling around with it and I watched him come to my table spilling half the water on himself. Seriously boy if your hung over, call in sick... like damn. I looked at him and he right away noticed he forgot the lemon for my water and I felt like asking him for another water but clearly the mans going through some issues. About 10 minutes later, he came with a tray full of drinks for the table behind us and dropped off the lemon and then knocked over my knife. He then he went on to the floor to pick it up and everything on his tray started to topple over and spill but he some how prevented disaster haha. Not to mention he made a grunting pig sound... I was appalled. After he dropped off the drinks, he runs over trying to catch his breath and asks me what was my order again..like really bro!?  At this point my friends getting worried that I may snap at any given moment. All I was thinking, I'm ready to powerbomb this guy through the tables. Anyway, shortly after the bruschetta arrives from a different server, I was shocked how small the four pieces were. I've been here many times before and what kind of cut backs are they trying to pull here! Our server came by to ask how the bruschetta was and I had to tell him how I felt, he then told me that they changed their bruschetta recipe six months ago. I was there once before during that time and the bruschetta was excellent, don't know why they feeding me this pinch size of crap. Within 5 minutes our food arrived, I dig into my twisted Mac and it was cold and tasted tangy, nothing like how its suppose to and my friend took a bite out of his sandwich and looked like he was about to cry haha. My friend and I switched our entrées -that made no difference - and his sandwich was cold and the pork was dry, the only thing that tasted good was the side of baked beans that came with it. We didn't touch the food from that point on and I honestly was ready to go ape shit so decided to keep quiet. My friend took the initiative to speak to the server and explained how awful the food tasted. The server immediately apologized and went to inform the manager. The server came back twice in 10 minutes saying the manager was in a meeting. We waited another 10 minutes and the manager struts over and was so rude, it was unbelievable. My friend was doing the talking and he offered to cover the bruschetta and the manager didn't say anything but stare at us. There were a couple of awkward moments of silence, believe it or not. The manager in a disrespectful tone explained how the staff has been working here for the past 20 years and they know what their doing. Then she asked in a hurry, \"anything I can remake for you\", I replied \"no, but I would like a coffee\", she walked off without saying a thing. We waited for 15 minutes not knowing if she was coming back with the coffee or with the bill. What a waste of time! I assumed she wasn't coming back and informed the server we were leaving. As soon as we were crossing the street, the server ran after us and said \"were you guys planning to clear up the bill?\" the manager walked over and said how she can call the cops, I just lost it. At this point the west side came out of me... I was ready to put down my purse and things were about to get ugly. By that time, my innocent friend wanted to avoid something straight out of Compton, and ran inside and paid since he knew it was about to go down. This is the last time I'm dealing with this place and the people who work there. It's unfortunate because in the past I really enjoyed dining here. The manager probably kept the tip and bought herself a couple of hot dogs, knowing the food here is garbage. I have never came across a manager who behaved so poorly with their customers.