I'd been hearing all kinds of positive buzz about Lago, since it had only opened to the public a week or two before my arrival in Vegas.  I assumed that scoring a reservation would be damn near impossible -- especially since my visit coincided with Vegas Uncork'd -- and no seats appeared to be available on OpenTable.  However, the Bellagio concierge took pity and managed to save me a seat at the bar.  Score!\n\nI was totally thrilled to get this reservation, because Lago is simply marvelous.  It's the latest concept from Julian Serrano, featuring Italian small plates.  Located right on Lake Bellagio (where Circo used to be), the space is bright and inviting, with lots of whites and cool blues and intricate glass tilework.  The fountain show wasn't running the night I dropped by, due to inclement weather, but that didn't seem to bother anyone.  The vibe inside was just electric.\n\nAfter being seated, I was greeted by Will, who's probably the friendliest and most courteous bartender I've met on the Strip.  He wasted no time getting a cocktail in front of me.  I opted for the Sicilian \"gin and tonic\" with a crispy orange chip and blood orange spheres.  This cocktail was simply gorgeous, and packed a serious kick.  Lago definitely puts a lot of thought into its cocktail program.\n\nSince the menu was done in the style of small plates, I decided to try an array of different items.  Five plates seemed right for a reasonably hungry person:\n\n1.  Nduja crostini with spicy pork sausage and gorgonzola\n2.  Capasanta -- scallop crudo with blood orange and pistachio\n3.  Short rib cannelloni with parmesan fonduta and tomato\n4.  Quagia saltimbocca -- boneless quail with prosciutto\n5.  Ravioli al gamberi -- ravioli with shrimp, mascarpone, and tomato\n\nPicking a favorite from these dishes is damn near impossible, since I adored them all for different reasons.  The nduja had a nice spice, which was a good contrast to the cool and fresh scallop crudo.  The canneloni was probably the most traditional item, but the flavor was amazing.  The quail was rich and decadent without being heavy.  The ravioli pretty much melted in my mouth.\n\nEven after all this delicious food, I knew I couldn't leave without trying one of their mouthwatering desserts.  Will recommended the Giandujotto -- hazelnut ice cream with hazelnut\/chocolate cream encased in a chocolate shell, all served with chocolate ribbons.  This dessert was stunning to look at and tasted fabulous as well.  Yeah, it's pretty much an Instagrammer's dream come true.\n\nSomething about Lago puts its guest in a great mood, because everyone sitting near me was more chatty and outgoing than usual, and wanted to know every detail about the food I was ordering.  Lago truly feels like a destination restaurant for Vegas food aficionados, and that's reason enough for me to return.