5 stars for the fact that New India runs a lunch kitchen with fresh food made by one very nice lady in the back of the store, every day. \n\nIf you're a gringo, you're at a disadvantage to enjoy the food here, because the menu will probably make no sense to you. But if you're an *adventurous* gringo, you'll love it. And if you like Indian food, take it from me that this is the only high-quality Indian meal to be found in all of central Phoenix. Yes, I'm familiar with all the other ones. \n\nAs with most kitchens operating within an ethnic community grocery store, you can't come in here expecting a standard restaurant experience. When you first walk in, you'll probably give a bewildered and confused look at the store clerk behind the cash register, who'll have the same look on his face simply because you're a gringo in an Indian store. Cut the guy some slack; he's a grocery store owner and his business is running grocery stores. He's not trained in the art of waitering! But he is a nice guy.\n\nEventually, one way or another, you will wind up with a menu in your hands while seated at a table. On the front side of the menu, there are 10 or more \"chaat\" options, which most non-Indians are unfamiliar with because you don't see them in standard Indian restaurant menus. That's unfortunate because that's all the good stuff. If you're going in totally blind with no idea what chaats are, but you are hungry for lunch, my strong recommendation is that you ask for the \"aloo tikki chaat.\" This is an all-vegetarian entree, made to order and put on your table piping hot, for a whopping 3 bucks. It's basically a potato-based jumble of spicy exotic sauces that tastes like heaven. Once introduced to what the basic concept of a \"chaat\" is, you may want to try other varieties of chaats on the menu during other visits. \n\nAnother option to try, also vegetarian (I am a carnivore by the way; but the best vegetarian meals on earth are Indian, let's face it), is channa bhatura. Again, not something most non-Indos I know would order in a standard restaurant. It's often called channa masala, and is basically a dish of spicy chickpeas in a yummy masala\/sauce, served with a fresh-made \"bhatura\" (a cousin of naan, the bread many are familiar with). \n\nThe samosas here are great, if you're looking for a familiar appetizer from standard Indian menus.\n\nNaturally, you won't be served water. Instead, you get up to grab a dixie cup and pour it yourself from an orange cooler in the eating area. \n\nThe key to this place earning its 5 stars is simply the lady who makes the food in the kitchen. She's really good and knows how to cook, and that's all that counts.