I guess my first question to the people of Midfield is: what are you trying to sell me? Because I'm not buying it.\nMy friend and I were very excited to try a new place. We both love wine so the prospect of adding another place to the rotation was exciting. \nLook, I'm not a snob. I ate at Mexitacos beforehand so it was not like I was expecting some highballer evening. \n\nThat being said...Midfield really disappointed and fell short on the decor and ambience department. Which is a shame because the wine is great and the people who run it seem nice enough. \n\nPersonally, I think going to have a drink should be an experience (see Cocktail Bar). I mean this is wine afterall. And when you open a place, you have the responsibility to your customers to tick all those boxes: service, decor, and food\/drink. Otherwise, don't bother. There are some nice elements like the wine cabinet at the back and the wine shelves at the bar. And then it gets confusing. It doesn't seem like  the owners hired\/consulted anybody for design. Were those tables inherited from the previous owners because they don't make sense. The light fixtures are nice and would provide warmth if it were not for the bright traffic lights streaming in through the massive BARRED windows! I could not tell you how distracting it was to keep looking at my friend's bar shadowed face. Ok, I get that we're on busy Dundas...but do I really need to feel like I'm in the middle of it? It is anything but warm here...which is what I wanted and expected. \n\nAnd be prepared to get up and walk around or crane your neck. Wine lists are posted in 2 different corners of the room and along a column in the middle. \nPricepoints are pretty standard around $9, $12, and $14 a glass. A nice thing is how everything is available by the glass so if there's something you're really interested in, you don't have to buy a bottle before you try it. My friend had a beautiful Reisling from New Zealand and I had the spicy Verduno. To be fair, if it were only based on the wine, I'd probably give it 4 stars but as I mentioned before, this experience falls short as a whole. And actually that pisses me off because I really wanted to like it. \n\nI don't doubt that Midfield will do well. Because it does have really lovely wine and maybe that's all that matters. For me, if I'm to shell out $14 a glass, I expect more. So I guess I'll keep looking for some other cozy place to drink my wine.