Itoko Sushi opened its doors just a couple months ago (May 2012), so they're still new!!  Itoko Sushi is located in Chaparral Drive in the SE of Calgary.  It's tucked away in a corner of the 'strip mall' in the same area as the Tim Hortons and the Mac's.\n \nSpence and I have been meaning to try this new sushi place out but we've been hesitant because we already have a favorite sushi place and we didn't think anything would measure up (service, quality, and atmosphere-wise).  His parents live close by so after we dropped some stuff off; we decided to try Itoko Sushi.  Pulling up, there is a shared parking so you're sure to find a spot even if it's not right at Itoko's doors.\n \nIt was about 6:30PM when we pulled up; there was a lot of parking so we got a spot up close.  Right when you walk in, you can see the prep area. We were then greeted from afar (they were standing at the till).  We were the only customers there so we found the space to be very open.  We were told we can pick anywhere to sit so we decided to sit at a booth.  The booths are huge!  I think they can fit ~6 people!  We were handed a takeout menu to order from...and then we asked Courtney (our waitress) for suggestions and she suggested the most popular rolls and her favorite rolls.  We got some tea and water for beverages and then decided to go with a miso soup to start ($1.50), 4 Salmon sushi ($1.65 ea.), 2 Tuna sushi ($1.65 ea.), Spicy salmon roll (4 pcs, $2.75), Philadelphia roll (4 pcs, $2.95), Crispy spicy dynamite rolls (8 pcs, $7.55) and the Salmon mango rolls ($10.95).\n\nThe food came out in a timely manner and everything looked great.  I dove right into the salmon sushi which was yummy!  The pieces of sashimi were thick, nicely cut over the sticky rice and seemed pretty fresh!  Courtney suggested two different rolls: Salmon mango rolls and the Crispy spicy dynamite rolls (which are deep fried).  At first I thought to myself \"Deep fried sushi??!....weird\" but then when we got it, it was AWESOME!!  The crispy dynamite rolls (shrimp tempura, avocado, cucumber) were very lightly battered but noticeable and it adds a nice crisp to the rolls.  When I put the roll in my mouth, it kind of mushed together and melted in your mouth.  The Salmon mango rolls (shrimp tempura, avocado, cucumber, salmon, mango, mango sauce, tobiko) were good, I like sweet and savory rolls and I wished that the mango sauce was a little stronger, otherwise, it was good.  For the Philadelphia roll (smoked salmon, cream cheese, avocado) it was awesome!  I love the cream cheese in the sushi...gives it a nice taste and texture.  Lastly, the Spicy salmon roll (salmon, cucumber, spicy sauce) were great...not too spicy but just enough.  Oh! I almost forgot to mention we got some complimentary tempura yam and tempura avocado!  They just came by and gave it to us to try.  It was nice, crispy and tasty!! :)\n\nOverall, our experience at Itoko Sushi was fantastic!  The service was great.  The food was awesome and it left me wanting to go back again ASAP!!  Not to mention the prices are pretttty good for what you get.   It looks like Spence and I have a new found love for another sushi place...