Very Eclectic but Great Sunday Brunch\n\nOne of our Associate Minister who was especially dear to my late Sister-in-Law got appointed Senior Minster over at Denver UMC across the Lake from  us. Decided to pay him a visit last Sunday so we ended up over in Denver.\n\nAfter Church, we went looking for a good Sunday Brunch and found Halinas Cafe. Been open for about six months it an interesting place.\n\nOwned by Dirk Rusthoven who is Dutch and his wife Halina who is Polish makes for an interesting mix.\n\nDirk is very high energy and talks a mile a minutes but I like someone who is passionate about what he does. It's really a cross between a Restaurant and a Deli but if you're looking to dine in a restaurant that strives to server Organic, non_GMO, Gluten Free, local as much as possible, this may be your place.\n\nWalked in and were immediately seated and our server was there shortly. Dirk came out and introduced himself, explained the venue and then announced that through the course of the menu, he wanted us to try several items just to get feed back for future menu items.\n\nThe concept of a \"tasting\" to find future items for the menu is not new but not common either. I saw it done at The Inn at Honey Run\" in Millersburg Ohio where the whole menu constantly evolved by tastings and statistical analysis and more recently at Pelican Patio in Cornelius which unfortunately is not longer open.\n\nMy wife ordered the Trilogy Club Wrap which ended up being one of the biggest wraps I have ever seen, filled with Black Forest Ham, Turkey, two different Cheeses with Lettuce, Tomato and Red Onion. One the side were homemade Chips fried in Rice Bran Oil with a very pleasant taste and texture. She really liked her's and could not believe the size of the wrap.\n\nI had the Mile HIgh Ruben and while I have a hearty appetite, I ended up having the other half of my sandwich for dinner. Unusual for me.  The Corned Beef was great. I do wish the Sauerkraut had a bit more bit to it but the Swirled Rye Bread and a delicate Thousand Island were more than adequate. Again the same excellent Chips\n\nWhile we were waiting, the first of the sampling appeared.  It was two bowls of his homemade Muesli which was very good. He was a bit surprised I knew what it was but I must say, I've had it with berries but never Grapes. Sounds odd but it came out great.\n\nSecond tasting came out and it was a Cilantro Wasabi dipping sauce. Don't get too excited because the Wasabi was very mild and it made for a great contrast, again with the Chips.\n\nCame time to leave and the owner came over and presented us with a to go box of his Chips. Apparently he's very proud of his chips and he should be.\n\nAtmosphere is nice and an eclectic mix of Deli, Impressionist Art, modern European with a touch of the old. Very warm and inviting. Service was excellent although they were short staffed at the time and they did notify customers that they may have to wait a bit longer than normal.  I appreciate the honesty and was willing to work with it but in the end, saw no delays.\n\nI will be back.  If you're looking for it, just look to strip of shops to the left of Lowes past Aldi's.\n\nPost Script:  That night when i got home, I discovered I was missing my wallet. After a through search of the condo and the cars, I came to the conclusion that I must have left it at Halinas. Tried to call but they had closed at 3:00 pm on Sunday.  Monday, called and went to answering machine so I drove over. When I walked in, my server from the previous day was there. I introduced myself and reminded him that he had been my server and before i could go further, he looked at me and said .WALLET.  Sign of relief. He said that if I had not made contact, he was going to try and deliver it to me because he also lived in  Cornelius.\n\nThat said, he would not let me leave till I had verified that everything was in the Wallet and it was.\n\nI value honesty and this is a good example