I'm not overly fond of Vegas.\n\nI don't like to gamble, I find many of the themed hotels lamely garish, and, as much as I like crowds, I hate traffic.  Still, I used to come to Vegas all the time as a kid, my mother and her parents enjoyed a good slot machine and we would come a few times a year to various hotels.  When, one summer, we stayed at the Excalibur, I had the chance to enjoy the Tournament of Kings ... and a time or two after, actually...\n\nAnd it was fun!  As a kid who loved a good sword fight alongside some musical theater (don't judge me), this show offers quite a bit of excitement and entertainment.  I remember looking forward to going, not just for the show, but the food as well.  Now, a few decades later and with a son of my own, I find I want to share those same experiences I enjoyed so much with him.\n\nAfter all this time, I have to say, the Tournament of Kings holds up pretty well.  The show itself is extensive, including light comedy, stunt work, song and dance, and horse riding tricks.  We caught the Christmas themed version, so there may have been a bit of extra stuff added in this time around.  Regardless, all of the actors seem to really enjoy what they were doing, no one looking bored or just 'going through the motions' as they ran through the script.  The theatrics were impressive, nice pyrotechnics and with loud fireworks that were not overused.  And the level of action we were graced with was high, there are sword fights between combatants that has real weight and malice behind the swing of their weapons, there's an impressive degree of difficulty in riding their horses in such a small arena, and then there's the quick, frenetic chaos of an actual jousting match.  Finally, on top of all that, the actors give good personality to their roles; my son and I were in Russia, and our Czar was a cheating asshole that we loved rooting for from start to finish.\n\nHuzzah!\n\nSeriously, Czar of Russia, you rocked.\n\nBut, this is more than just a good show.  On the dinner side of things, you start with a bowl of Tomato Bisque.  You're not given a spoon (\"There were no utensils IN Medieval Times, hence there are no utensils AT Medieval Times ... would you like a refill on your Pepsi?\") meaning that you pick up your bowl and slurp away at a slightly salty, but not too bad version of this soup.\n\nSoon after, they serve you a full platter with Roasted Potatoes, a stalk of Steamed Broccoli, a Muffin of Stuffing, a Buttermilk Biscuit, and a whole Cornish Game Hen.  The chicken itself is well roasted, cooked the whole way through, with a nice crisp to the fatty skin, and extremely juicy and flavorful considering they must be mass flaming them a few hundred at a stretch.  The potatoes shared the same flavor, sprinkled with the same herbs and spice before cooking, making them soft and very tasty.  The biscuits are biscuits, tough to go wrong with those unless they're overcooked, which ours were not.  The same goes for the stuffing, likely out of a box, but they at least sprang for a name brand that came with its own seasoning.  And the broccoli wasn't steamed to the point of falling apart, holding its shape well, while sprinkled with a fair amount of seasoning to make even those who dislike their vegetables find something to enjoy.  All around, an impressive feast for even the hungriest of jousting enthusiasts.\n\nAnd to top it all off, a nice, big Christmas cookie, frosted with holiday spirit and something my son enjoyed a great deal.\n\nAll in all, this was a lot of fun.  It reminded me why I enjoyed it so much i my youth, it allows my three year old a night out with his dad to watch some explosions, fire, and violence (again ... HUZZAH!) performed by good actors with great energy, and with a delicious banquet to boot.  I doubt it will be anytime soon, but I'm sure I'll bring him back here again in the future.