I am writing a negative review only when something goes really wrong. Damn I wish I could read my own review before I decided to go to this place!:-) I would never recommend Skintegrity to anyone and here's why. It was absolutely a waste of $2500.Treatments there is very out dated they recommend it to you because they simply want their investment back. The owner Anthony promised if it doesn't work I will get my money back. But once I paid they didn't want to hear about it. I complained to Anthony and to my technician many times now he is denying it. \nFillers. Ive been using fillers for 7 years before and never had such a traumatic results. Dr Rex has no idea what he's doing! I have a huge lamp underneath my left eye after he Injected me. It's been six months after procedure was done and  bump is still very noticeable.Now if it would be only hyaluronic acid filler it would be gone already but he is deluding it. I had to go to another doctor to inject something at least to get back blood circulation in that area because there was an inflammation started. \nSkin resurfacing.  Dr. Rex was not able to see the problem first and told me that it might take more than one procedure but I will definitely see great results after the first one already. He lied to me about what kind of laser it was, I was given lidocaine 10%  and it was weak (26%must be used). Pain was unbearable but I handled the pain and never ask Dr. to stop. Technicians constantly were running into the next room because there was some kind of training going on at the same time. Laser machine was very old and pipe ziller chiller with the cold air felt apart and also I was never given an aftercare kit. Dr rex. told me next time they will order proper anesthetic.\nI did complain to Anthony and he just called me a chicken. Very professional!When it healed after two weeks I noticed there were no positive results only sunspots got darker. \n Hair removal treatments. I've had three different laser hair removal experiences before with great response. This one Inmode was the most uncomfortable painful and useless. They were open only 10 days by then and could not know the possible results from this particular machine. They promised to me that by the treatment # 4 all of my unwanted hair would be gone. But it was regular IPL laser one of those that \"do all in one\" but not affective with anything really. You can find a lots of articles on the Internet about that. I've had 4 treatments they are very uncomfortable because this machine has to be used with ultrasound gel Instead of cryogenic laser that shoots with the air. My technician hated this machine constantly kicked it, cursed it and she did not pay attention and constantly missed spots. The hand piece has no disposable parts Even though it's tightly aligned to the skin that means that this piece is touching GENITALS of every person who's doing Bikini area there!!! Ididnt realize it right away. Between sessions they just wipe it! First 3 treatments was very uncomfortable but OK. #4 got really bad. Pain was unbelievable! I even screamed accidentally. There was absolutely no result. I decided do not come back.Yes I paid for 6 treatments I don't see the point of risking my health and torturing myself for nothing. Of course Anthony did not refunded even unused portion of this money. He was repeatedly saying how much he invested in this business already.\nIf you still decide to go there for any reason I would recommend you to put everything in writing and make him sign all of his promises.\nRe:\nDear Anthony. You continue to lie in front of the public that I never complained. I showed you my skin and my legs. You call me a chicken! You became rude when I started to complain and you did not wanted to hear that anything was wrong. Again you lie about lidocaine 26% what the Dr Rex used on me it was 10% Can u see the difference? It's obviously was not enough for an abrasive treatment. That's how you treat patients. You personally never tried any of this treatment and you cannot even know how painful it is but I did. Settings on ur laser went off. Its jumping up and down. Also I know what kind of response I should have and your machine is useless. I complained every time!And yes I did come back because you told me to complete 4 treatments before you will believe its useless. I payed for it! When I saw that those treatments is Absolutely useless I decided to stop.I complained about bump as well-no reaction.  Your manager called me and offered me some money back but then you thought about it and greediness won! You decide to write this respond full of excuses instead, thinking it's going to make you look better in front of the public. it doesn't work! $666 unused and not yours Anthony but you took it and you fight me back on the dispute. Very irresponsible! I should never trust you! You have no honor no integrity as well as ur place:-)