I'm actually angry at my traitorous, turncoat stomach for getting full while there was still food left. It's a mortal sin to leave food that good uneaten.\n\nWent to Gordon Ramsay Steak with some co-workers tonight. We kicked off with an appetizer of the pork belly on grits. I'm not a big fan of fatty meats, so I skipped that part, but the grits were buttery and cheesy and gooey and delicious. \n\nWe all, to a man, ordered the American Waygu rib top. I would never have ordered it if it hadn't been suggested to me. Now, I will never enjoy a different cut of steak, as long as I live. The marbling in it made it taste like it was infused with butter. It was so tender I didn't need my knife to cut through it. There were no chewy, stringy bits, even though it was medium rare. There was this gorgeous carmelization on the outside of the meat, and it literally couldn't have been more perfect. \n\nWe got the truffle mac and cheese on the side. Don't bother with that - all you can taste is bleu cheese, and nothing else. The asparagus, on the other end of the spectrum - I wanted to order some of that to take home. I'm a big, fat bastard. I don't eat green things. I wanted to order another plate of asparagus. 'nuff said. The potato puree was ok - not bad, not great. The asparagus, though.\n\nThen, against my better judgement, I ordered dessert. Why, oh why, did I order dessert? I feel like I owe my pancreas an apology. Again, since we're a pack of lemmings, we all ordered the sticky toffee pudding. There are two things Brits do better than anyone else - subjugate brown people, and make desserts. This is the best dessert anyone has ever made, bar none. It was... it is horrible to use the word indescribable in a review. My vocabulary fails me, though. It was the culinary equivalent of a long hug from your mother. It was warm, and chocolatey, and the toffee was rich and gooey, and the ice cream on the side complemented the flavor so accurately that the only thing you can do is keep eating before your body realizes how incredibly bad for you it must be. \n\nSo, if you're looking to drop a ton of cash and eat about 75,000 calories in one sitting - TOTALLY WORTH IT. This is the place.