Yelp Talkin'\nI read Las Vegas' Yelp Talk threads now mainly for comedy relief when I'm really bored but, once in a while, useful tips actually pop up. A recent one revolved around breakfast\/brunch places and Kailyn's was suggested by Emily R.  I read her review and that of Shirley B.'s, both Yelp friends with great taste, so a few of us ventured over for Saturday breakfast.  Our group of seven was greeted heartily by the chef\/owner Robert and wife Carolyn, who also waited on us.  This small restaurant is located in the shopping plaza on the northeast corner of Tropicana and Pecos. The diner was featured on Spike TV's reality show \"Hungry Investors\" and won a make-over, so we were informed by Chef Robert that the place looks nothing like what it did when they took over the space a year ago.\nI had the kalbi steak and egg breakfast, but we all shared a number of other dishes. \nThe standouts: \n       High Roller Tater Tots- who doesn't love tater tots even if they're not that good for you?  Sometimes you have to live a little.  This unique version is one I'd definitely have again with truffle sea salt, cheddar cheese, kalbi, and green onion.  Share it with your favorite people because this is an ample serving for more than one person.\n       Pumpkin Bread Pudding - I'm not one to order bread pudding AT ALL, but Ty shared his and darn if that wasn't delicious!  I believe this is a seasonal item. \n       Deep Fried Chocolate Chip Dough w\/ Bacon - another unique item that we had to try.  One order comes with 3 balls of fried sweetness.  They're good, but rich, so it may not be everyone.  That doesn't include me.\n       Kalbi steak and egg whites with white rice - I thought the kalbi in the tater tots dish was better than the kalbi in my breakfast; I think it needed a little more time on the grill for my taste, but it was still decent.  The order comes with 3 pieces of kalbi, 2 eggs any style, and white rice. I had to take leftovers home because I was too full from tasting everyone's dishes.\n       This family owned business has a lot of heart and the menu has other unique items that I'd like to try for lunch.  Thank you to Robert, Carolyn, and daughter Kailyn for making us feel so welcome (and so full) on our first visit.