This is a tourist attraction at best. Somewhere to bring your friends who are out of town once and that's it. There is nothing but cellphone shops and bubble tea. Sure there is some spots like the convenience stores and a spice shop or this or that which I can imagine is the only place you can get certain stuff for those without paypal (or patience). But besides that it's some of the worst parking lot driving in Toronto hands down coming from a guy who has been going there on and off for about 5 years. Usually just Christmas I go there because it's the only place opened. \n\nThere is 16-20 cellphone related places when I walked around the first floor. It reminds me of albion and islington how it was all gold stores on one block. You'd think after 2 were opened people would try other places. You go upstairs and just like the mall beside it, it's all places you've never heard of so you're kind of hesitant to go to any of them. The stores are all very tiny and because of the layout which could have been better you miss all the in between shops and have to weave around the place like a snail. No other mall in Toronto I've been to is this monotonous to see every shop in the place. \n\nI think besides the cellphone and glasses places all I remember is the airsoft gun store, the action figures , hello kitty stuff, some drone camera store and a very unappealing arcade and the two or three convenience stores full of stuff you probably won't find anywhere else. On the plus side if you go on a slow day it's quiet , clean and the exact opposite of a mall in a bad neighborhood. Oh and there's a mcdonalds and one of the worst dollar stores ever are in that plaza too outside of pacific mall called the cool dollar. \n\nways to improve \n*a video game store for the kids - asian imports would sell well. I may have seen one there years ago but more don't hurt \n*bigger stores , half them are so small if you blink walking by you don't see them. More shops is not better.\n*the source or something similar would be nice for DIY projects \n*some larger franchises in there. Not just mom and pop shops that the only reason people go there are to support their people and don't mind paying the extra dollar or 50. \nmaybe a valet or something to park your car - no not really but I know you guys laughed\n\nthe good news\nthe people are all quiet and keep to themselves , a nice atmosphere \nthe escalators work - wow! \nits clean \nyou can get stuff you can't from other places like I've mentioned \n\nI'm sticking to local places, this isn't anything to do with racism just to \"clarify\" just there isn't anything there, there isn't \"that shop\" or two. I'm sticking with local places and online shopping. This place I have to go that extra mile for what seems nothing other than a change of atmosphere. Everyone locally seems to like it because the parking lot is always full but for all I know that could be the employees in that crammed place so if it wasn't for that I'd level the place and make it \"pacific\" stop on the RT station so it would make it easier for kids to go to college\/university or STC. Anyways see you guys christmas when nothing else is opened.