I went here for a friend's birthday, and I was actually excited to go. That excitement soon turned into disappointment. Looking through their Instagram it's basically a hipster Chinese restaurant. We got the #5 family style combo which was 40 dollars per person plus 18% tip. The servers were pretty attentive, but two servers I'll get back too. \n\nThe combo included: Pickle Party, Xiao Long Bao, Mouth-watering chicken, winged bean salad, Soso Dan Dan Mian, Dong Po Pork, Lobster Mapo Tofu, Whole Sea Bream, and a bowl of rice for the pork. \n\nIt literally took them 20-40 minutes per dish, we got there at 6 and left at 9:30. Everything was so salty, and spicy, our small table of 5 drank at least 10 pitchers of water. The best things were the pickle party (the okra tasted like pizza), dong po pork (the sauce was super good, but the pork belly was like 80% fat), and mouth-watering chicken (the beets at the bottom was very tasty). Everything else was overly salty and quite frankly inedible, the dan dan noodles were the worst; it was salty, spicy, oily, just no. I was told the sea bream was the best thing however I wasn't there for the course. Also, mid-way through our second and third course we still had some of the pickled vegetables and this one waitress was like \"can I take it away\" when we replied we were still working on it she seem annoyed that we didn't want it taken away. She came back during the Pork course and asked again if she could take it away, we pushed the few pieces on to another place and she said \"finally\". Like why are you in a rush to clear our table, WHEN WE DIDN'T EVEN GET ALL THE FOOD YET?????\n\nMe and my friend decided to go get Krispy Kreme for our group. So we left around 8:30 (yeah 8:30 and not all the courses weren't served), so we came back and everyone was eating donuts, then one server comes up to me and is like what are these... Okay... Theyre donuts? She goes and laughs and says what flavours, I proceed to tell her and she grabs a plate and picks up a donut and runs away. No thank you no nothing. Like whose mans is this?????? I brushed it off, and then right when we were packing everything up she comes back and is like \"usually we charge a 3-dollar fee, but because you guys were so lovely it'd be nice if you could leave some for the kitchen staff, and actually I had to share half my donut.\" WHO SAYS THAT?????? So, what if you had to share your donut? No one told us there was a fee and whose's to say we wouldn't have paid it? Honestly, that brushed me the wrong way I will never come back.