Blaze Fast-Fire'd Pizza's slogan is \"intelligent choices for our pizzas, people, and planet\" and fast-fired. Blaze Fast-Fire'd Pizza (abbreviated Blaze Pizza) would be an intelligent choice for lunch before Bad Owl Cafe. \n\n   Blaze Pizza is relatively new to the fast-casual dining landscape. The original Pasadena shop opened a few years ago in 2011. From Pasadena, California; Blaze Pizza is expanding across the Nation winning people over. One of the places Blaze Pizza has expanded to is the Las Vegas Valley. This very location at the northeast corner of Eastern and Horizon Ridge in the former Sweet Tomatoes Express is the second location in the Las Vegas market. \n\n  When I walked inside, I took in a contemporary urban interior incorporating stainless steel and reclaimed wood. I also took in the long counter and oven. Blaze is a custom built pizza chain. As a matter of fact the name \"blaze\"  means how quickly the customer can create their own custom built fast fired pizza. The heart of the Blaze assembly line operation is the pizza oven. This pizza oven in 800 degrees hot. This burning hot temperature makes the custom built pizza in three minutes (give and take). The first thing I did was chose the 11 inch custom pizza I wanted. Decisions! Decisions! There are at least forty toppings to chose from.  I'd take a short cut by choosing from one of the signature pizza's for $8. I chose the veg out pizza pie. This included zucchini, mushrooms (my favorite pizza topping), red onion, mozzarella, red sauce, and dollops. The neat thing about Blaze is that nothing with the custom built pizza is set in stone. On top of the veg all pizza, I added meatballs and bacon. Another neat thing about Blaze is their dough process. Their dough is made individually at each restaurant before it is fermented for 24 hours. In a glance the assembly line process goes like this: 1. Order, give your name and pay for the pizza. 2. Create the pizza if it is not strictly a signature pie. 3. Wait an expected three minutes. 4. Enjoy the custom built pizza. \n\n    There is sufficient tables including indoor and patio seating. On a serene Vegas afternoon, I sat in the patio overlooking Eastern Avenue. My eyes were on the pizza. With the pizza pie, I enjoyed bottomless fountain Coke that brought the price of lunch to $10.25. Near the Coke (not Freestyle) machine, I added pepper to my creation and grabbed a plastic fork and knife to enjoy the overflowing toppings. \n\n   It seems that many of us in the Las Vegas valley agree that Blaze Pizza is an intelligent choice. There are so many combinations of creating the 11 inch pie that no visit is the same. The price is reasonable. The pizza is delicious. The upshots are that they just opened a store by the Galleria Mall at Henderson, and they initiated a niche for custom built pizza with Pizza Rev also going strong in the market. Blaze Pizza really is an intelligent choice for custom built pizza.