While driving from Chicago to Maine, my husband and I decided to spend a night in Cleveland specifically to dine at Lola. Unfortunately, the experience was lackluster at best.\n\nWe arrived right on time for our reservation.Two hostesses greeted us at the door without a smile. We were informed that the restaurant was running behind. A slight delay is always disappointing but understandable. My husband and I decided to grab a drink from the bar while waiting for our table. Instead of a menu, we were handed an iPad. I think this ordering system is supposed to seem trendy and unique. It really just felt forced and unnecessary. While we were seated at the bar, the overworked bartender had to stop what she was doing twice to help customers navigate the iPad menu. To her credit, she still served us our drinks quickly and had a great attitude. \n\nWe sat at the bar and sipped our drinks. I checked the time and realized we had been waiting to be seated at our reserved table for 15 minutes. I decided to go up to the hostess stand for an update. The two hostesses barely looked up at me. I was told that my table still wasn't ready but it should be available soon. Neither girl apologized for the wait. I walked back to the bar and we waited. 20 minutes later, one of the hostesses let us know that the table was ready. A 35 minute wait for a table we reserved 8 weeks earlier is a bit excessive, but she didn't offer up any explanation or apology. My wine glass was still half-full. Oddly, she told me I would need to finish it at the bar and meet her at the hostess stand when I was ready. Huh? They let you take a drink from the bar to your table at TGIFriday's. In nicer restaurants, someone will often even bring the drink over to your table for you. But at Lola's, I guess you need to chug it down before you can enter the dining area. I quickly finished my drink and we walked over to the hostess stand. We waited almost an entire minute before they looked up and acknowledged us. One of them decided to do us a huge favor and walk us over to our table. I think Lola's hostess training might be provided by the Kim Kardahsian School of Entitlement. In order to provide friendlier service, Michael Symon should get rid of the hostesses and replace them with a check-in kiosk. At least it'll be programmed to say 'please' and 'thank you'. \n\nAs others have said before, the restaurant is very loud. Diners are packed together as closely as possible. Our server was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable. She tried to hand us another iPad wine list, but we just ordered what we were drinking at the bar. We tried the pork belly appetizer. It was really flavorful and we enjoyed it very much. My husband enjoyed his pork chop entree. I ordered the hangar steak. The chef apparently recommends it cooked to medium rare, but I asked for it to be cooked medium. It was still served to me medium rare...barely. It was also oddly chewy. I only ate a couple of bites. The steak was served with a GIANT martini shaker full of fries. I appreciate generous portions, but this was overboard. For someone who appeared on a special highlighting the problematic amounts of food wasted by restaurants, I don't know why Michael Symon would serve a side of this size. I'm sure a lot of martini shakers get returned to the kitchen with at least half of a serving left behind. \n\nWhen it came time for dessert, we opted for the 6 AM special. I was intrigued by the maple-bacon ice cream. This sounded like a dessert that would be a one-of-a-kind experience I could only have at Lola. Sadly, this is a dessert I could have recreated in my own home after a night of heavy drinking. I would just need French toast, ice cream, and a container of Baco-s. Maple-bacon ice cream is just maple ice cream topped with a few crumbled bacon pieces. It was a real letdown. \n\nI've been lucky enough to dine at some great restaurants. Lola isn't one of them. If this restaurant was in a larger city, it would never survive. Cleveland deserves better. I'm not a \"foodie\" or a pretentious snob, but when I spend money on a special dining experience I expect great service and delicious food. Is that too much to ask? Michael Symon seems to think so.