I stumbled across Body Heat last night while searching for fitness places that offer 1 week passes because I'm still trying to find a program that I really love. It says on their Facebook that they just opened January 2012 (brand spankin' new) and I noticed they also have a coupon for a free week of unlimited access, so naturally, I printed it out immediately and went in to redeem it this morning. The first thing I noticed about the place was that the parking lot only had a few cars, but I'm sure that'll change pretty soon. I walked in and was very pleasantly greeted by the receptionist who had me fill out some paperwork then gave me a tour of the facility. There was only one class in session at the time that I got a quick peek at which just had the instructor and two students. Some people may think that's awkward, whereas others would think it's intimate, but again, I'm sure it won't stay that way for long. \n\nThe women's locker room is awesome. It was very large, clean, and modern with an aisle of showers, large\/small towels to use, and dark wooden lockers. It's definitely a lot more nice than the Vegas Hot! locker room, which is very cramped up. Since I forgot my Yoga mat today, I just rented a very nice one for 2 bucks at the front desk and laid in the room until the 12pm Yoga Sculpt class began. About 8 other girls came into the room to join the class shortly after. Our instructor for the class was Margi. She is such a great instructor. She really motivates you to push hard and her exercises definitely make you feel \"the burn\" especially if you use the weights for all the exercises. When I did my free week at Vegas Hot not too long ago, I would sweat a lot in the rooms, but when I took this class today, it almost felt like I was taking a shower (I know that sounds a little gross, but it felt good). Overall, I love this place, especially the locker room and the very friendly, personable staff. It's pretty nearby my work, but it's quite a drive from where I actually live. After my week is up, I'll probably end up getting class punch-cards if anything, since it's too far of a commute for me to come daily. \n\n\nTips*\n-Get the free week pass while you still can!\n-Lots of membership specials right now since they just opened, check them out!