Ghost Ranch Restaurant is a full service restaurant that serves Modern Southwest Foods. The decor is rich, cheerful, Southwest. There is lots of bright light from glass garage doors all around. \n\nWe started out with the House Made Chip Appetizer. We received two kinds of chips, Chunky Guacamole, Green Salsa and Red Salsa. Chips were fresh and seasoned well. Guacamole seemed just made and was seasoned well....We both liked the red salsa but the green salsa had too much acid in it for both our taste.\n\nI tried the Steamed Chile Relleno. It's made from Chimayo Chile Peppers that are impossible to find at supermarkets. The peppers were filled with Duxelles (reduced mushrooms, onions, butter). The peppers were over a goat cheese sauce and were topped with leek salad. The peppers were absolutely delicious. The flavors were spot on.............The only thing I didn't like was the Leek Salad because the raw leeks were very tough and very difficult to eat.\n\nMy husband enjoyed the Chile Colorado Braised Pork Chimayo Chile Plate. It's a plate were you put together your own tacos. He thought the flavors were very good but he didn't have quite enough pico for his tacos...He also would have liked the tortillas to be warmed up.\n\nWe decided to try a dessert and went for the Burnt Banana. It was good but wasn't what I was expecting.....I thought a burnt banana would be a cooked or caramelized banana...I got a cold raw banana topped with sweet crumble, pop corn, caramel sauce and some creamy ice cream....\n\nThere were some issues with service. I asked questions about the food and my server said that they didn't know what was in things because they are not a cook. Also our server spent a lot of time chatting with others and could have checked on us before our last bite of food. Also whoever maintain's the restrooms was missing in action. I saw a worker in the ladies rest room so she knew the rest rooms were out of toilet paper and I didn't see anyone refilling.\n\nMy rating isn't a solid four stars but this is a newly opened restaurant. I think the leek salad should be cooked or another vegetable should be used. A tad more pico is needed on the Braised Pork Taco Plate.....Tortillas should be served warm. Perhaps the banana dessert needs a different name or the banana should be caramelized. At the price point of this very nice restaurant the help should be trained better on the menu and guest should be checked on by at least half way threw their meal. Lastly someone should maintain the restrooms.\n\n3.75 stars rounded up because the food in general is very good.