This is a frank review about male erections, skip it if you're sensitive.\n\nI found a special online and decided to make appointment.  I was looking for assistance in staying hard longer and was a little nervous.  Would I have to get naked?  They took my vitals and did a body composition analysis.  The body analysis was just a print out from the machine, but no advice was given.  I was just handed the paper.  Although I would have liked to talk about the body analysis, that's ok because that wasn't the primary reason I was there.  I wanted longer erections.\n\nIn the exam room, I was asked to drop my pants.  A very cursory look at my toys and next step was to get hard for the doctor\/assistant.  That part was easier than I thought.  A little playing with myself in front of strangers never hurt anyone.  They took a measurement.  We rated it 8\/9 out of 10.  I expressed my purpose was to be longer lasting, I didn't have trouble rising to the occasion.  It didn't seem to matter though, their solution was the same - a strong test dose of 3 different drugs that they guaranteed would get me hard.  They take a little auto injector that almost painlessly shoot the dose into my root.  If I was an 80 year old man, that dose would've gotten me rock solid. I was rock hard for about 3 hours.\n\nNow comes the pitch.  They brag about how hard they got me, \"see it works\".  Again I said I just want to be able to stay erect and go a second time.  They pitch me on this setup with an injector, vials I have to keep refrigerated and a kit of stuff.  The setup was $700!  I felt a lot of pressure to buy this setup and I thought to myself, there is no way I'm going to carry around this set up, refrigerate it, etc.  Again, if I had a lot of trouble getting myself hard, I could see where someone would go for this to help them.  He moved down to a setup with less add-ons and we got to $400.  I finally said I just wanted some Viagra not a whole \"system\".\n\nReluctantly they push me into a sampler of crazy high dosage generic viagra and Cialis.  The Cialis were my favorites, but to give you an idea, they were 50mg of Tadalafil.  A normal dose is 5mg if you take it daily, 10 or 20 for special occasions like me.  They gave me 50mg pills!  More than twice the recommended dose.  On top of that, the pills were in generic bottles, no label, nothing on the outside.  I didn't even know what they were giving me.  \n\nAfter driving back, they made homemade labels on the inkjet printer and put them on the bottles.  I expected to pay for the visit and walk away with a prescription.  Instead, I left paying about $400 for my visit and 10 pills.\n\nBTW, in case you wonder how it turned out, I cut the pills into 4 and they keep me hard enough to shoot twice and everybody is satisfied.  I can't imagine what the pitch is going to be for refills...