I had physical therapy for 4 weeks straight in the same business complex as The Henry. But it didn't open until my third week. So, to celebrate my final session, my mom and I went over there for a late lunch. \n\nThis place, at least that day, pretty much embodied a healthy cross-section of Arcadia residents. First off, it was really crowded with, I'm betting, people who are Sam Fox loyalists. To avoid a wait for a table, we agreed to sit at a communal table. We ended up next to a group of five. They looked like they had just gone hiking or the two 30-something sisters went to yoga and the rest did something healthy and active. The patriarch in the group was going gaga because he had seen Sam Fox himself on his way inside and got up the nerve to say \"How's it going Sam?\" LOL. There were also a lot of well-dressed business people even though it was that slow week between Christmas Day and New Year's. There were also a lot of people with groups of kids--all well-dressed but a bit hyper of course.\n\nI really like the decor set-up. It's very modern but industrial. There's a bicycle on the staircase that's behind the coffee bar area but not sure if it's someone's actual bike they use or it's there to give urban \"street cred.\" You can go in just for the coffee bar that offers pressed juices. \n\nAs for the food, I was really impressed by the cheddar popovers with the smoked ham butter. They were so airy. I felt like they didn't fill me too much before my warm salmon salad arrived. That salad is probably the best healthy option. I couldn't believe how they combined pretty much every vegetable you hate as a child--cauliflower and brussel sprouts --but made it really flavorful. The salmon was cooked just right. So many times, restaurants screw up salmon. My mother had the C.B. and rye (housemade corn beef). The corn beef was tender but they really pile it on. It's a big sandwich. It keeps well for leftovers the next day, which you might need. \n\nConsidering the crowd of people who are very trendy and the wait, I may let some time pass before I eat there again unless it's on my way to another destination. But overall, I'd take someone here. There's a big enough parking lot that you don't have to do the valet.