I went to Kim's Nail Salon one evening to get my nails done, as the reviews were great. I was greeted as soon as I walked in, and was told to take a seat, as I was early for my appointment. So far everything was great, and the salon looked really clean.\n\nWhen it was my time to get my nails done, the girl who took care of me was really nice! So the service was great. However, when the nail tech girl started to push back my cuticles, she pressed really hard and was quite rough with my nails. She also cut one side of the skin around my nails, and it hurt as I put my hands under the UV ray lantern (My finger hurt for 2 days). I didn't say anything, because I'm a little too nice sometimes. I was also anticipating that my nails were going to look great after I was done, so that's another reason I didn't say anything.\n\nWhile the shellac nail polish was applied on to my nails, I noticed it didn't look like the colour that I initially picked. I wanted a white colour and I got a light pink instead. I politely said that the colour is different than what I picked initially, and the nail tech girl advised it would get whiter after the second application of polish was applied. It never got whiter lol.\n\nSo again I didn't complain, and I thought after everything was done, that my nails would look great anyway, and that it would compensate for all the negative stuff. \n\nWell, when everything was finished, I looked at my nails and noticed that there was a really thick application of polish applied to my nails and it ended up making my nails look stubby. I've been to other nail salons, and the good ones all applied thin layers of nail shellac on to my nails. My nails at Kim's salon did not look very good. It looked unprofessional, and was a bit upset. But again, I didn't say anything because I only paid 35 dollars for the service. \n\nI do want to say that my nail tech girl was really nice, and she still applied the Polish quickly and somewhat evenly, just wayyy too thick of an application. \n\nI would have almost preferred that the nails be done really well, and have the girls not that friendly, but hey what can you do. I may go once more and perhaps advise them next time not to lay on the polish so thick, and see how my nails turn out. But I guess you get what you pay for, right?\n\nUpdate:\n\nI went back to this salon once again, to get another shellac manicure, in hopes that I could give this salon one more try.\n\nOnce again I was greeted with a friendly face, and I was told to have a seat while I waited for my appointment to start (I arrived a bit early). Once it was time for my nails to be done, I was seated, and the girl who was doing my nails proceeded to wrap my nails in foil wrapping to take off the old shellac that I had on my nails from my prior appointment at this salon. Once again the girl that worked on my nails was really friendly! \n\nOnce the foil wraps were taken off my fingers of my right hand, she proceeded to scrape off the shellac very  roughly with her utensil (it actually hurt a bit). I spoke up this time, and politely said that she should perhaps leave on the foil wrapping with the acetone on my nails for a little longer, so that she could have an easier time to scrape it off. (Also, I didn't want my nails to be ruined by overly scraping them, and didn't want to have any pain lol). She advised me that leaving the acetone on my nails longer would not help take the shellac off easier?? She advised me that the colour I was wearing was somehow different and more difficult to take off my nails, then the other colours they had?? This did not make sense to me, because when she took off the foil wrapping from my left hand (which had soaked in the acetone for longer), the shellac came off quite easily). And the shellac that I had on prior to this appointment, came from this very salon. Once again, a disappointing experience at this salon. \n\nThe colour that was applied also initially looked really streaky, and the girl had to apply 4 coats of the shellac to make it look more opaque and not as streaky lol. It ended up looking good at the end though. (Not sure why I needed 4 coats of the colour for my nails to look good). And I'm not including the clear base and top coat. The nail polish must have been newer, because even with the 4 coats, the application didn't end up looking as thick as the last time that my nails were done here. Once again, I didn't get the colour I wanted, which was a more translucent white colour, as oppose to the opaque white colour I got, but my nails ended up looking decent in the end.  \n\nUnfortunately, I left the two star rating because of the fact that 3 of my nails are a little sore from the scraping of the shellac (I've never had that happen). But I didn't take away any stars, because my nails looked a bit better this time. They still did not look completely professional, but looked decent (better than last time). I wish I could have had a better experience, I really wanted to love this salon.