I have resisted writing a review of Nicky's for a long time since I've tended to view this place as my own for the last 5-6 years. I've only ever recommended it to my closest friends in an attempt to keep the crowds down and to preserve this as a special, hidden gem for only MY use. I've taken friends there to introduce them to the pleasures of a truly great dining experience and EVERY ONE of them has been blown away. Alas, when the Pittsburgh Magazine list of top 25 restaurants included Nicky's, I knew it was over. Now I have to share this place with the great unwashed who haven't grown up with it like I have over the last several years. It pains me. Simply stated, this is WAY better than top 25. It might be top 2 or 3 in Pittsburgh. It's THAT good. But you won't like it so don't bother to go. (Will that keep you away and restore my own private relationship with Nicky's to what it used to be???)\n\nFirst off, the appearance from Western avenue is not very inviting. You walk into a somewhat decrepit looking building down a hallway to the hostess station. You can see into the kitchen and all the activity and smells that emanate from there are assurance that you've come to the right place and that this is gonna be GOOD! You don't know the half of it. Seating options are inside or out. Outside is a magical garden filled with plants I didn't know could exist on the Northside. How they keep the appearance of an urban jungle is beyond me - but the atmosphere is instantly relaxing and soothing. A host of Thai-related accents, umbrellas over the tables, brick walls - all take you so far away from the Northside you can't even imagine you aren't in Southeast Asia. With a no corkage fee (except on weekends) policy it's one of the best places for BYOB in the city. So bring some wine or champagne and feast your eyes on the menu. Oh my. If you can read through that without needing to wipe the drool from your mouth you need to have somebody check your pulse I've eaten here probably 35 times or more and have sampled so many things - not one of which I didn't rave about or wouldn't order again. The flavors are unlike anything you'll see anywhere else. Thai food is one of my all time favorite cuisines and Nicky's tops the list! And don't associate Thai food with HOT - it isn't unless you want it to be. I always do - on a scale of 1-10 I always order \"Thai Hot\" which is above 10. But the flavors? The curries, noodles, spring rolls, pork\/chicken\/fish dishes, the soft-shell crabs - all filled with amazing sauces and flavors that you want to savor every bite. My mouth is watering even now as I think about it. Amazing. Plus, if you're a vegetarian, you have a huge selection of entrees that will knock your socks off.\n\nService is always excellent and attentive. Specials are so tempting and the price is right. I couldn't recommend it more highly. I could eat there several times a week. Wonder if they have a meal plan????