Oh how I hate this place. \n yes this is a bad review. I'm sorry. I don't like to do this, but i felt that I have to, for the sake of people that actually want to have fun in Vegas. \n   Waiting in line you would think the club was magnifico. It isnt. We are waiting in the promoter line we are about to get in, we ask how much the cover is for the guys. $40. ya no. We tell the boys we'll meet them at Pure or something, the bouncer laughs and tells us Pure is lame, whatever. We get in. We go up the escalator, I'm excited. We walk in, the cool music you hear coming from the escalator goes away and then you realize that crap you hear is what they are playing in the actual club. We think that maybe it was just a bad song choice, we walk in. It's pretty. The chandeliers the dance floor. Its nice. We get on the dance floor, we try to dance to the beyond shitty mix, we start to look around more and we see that there is a huge group of guys standing at the wall just watching the girls dance. It's a little creepy, a little weird, they are really close but not dancing only watching WTH? we shrug it off, turn our backs so we dont have to see them. And we try to dance. We really Tried. The music was so beyond bad. even the paid dancers looked like they were hating it. That is bad. the DJ insisted on playing songs that were so slow. So slow that your like how am i supposed to dance to this. We waited. And waited for even one good song. It never happened. After about 40 min of waiting it out, we leave. Yep. Left. The line is still huge outside the door, they are looking at us like \"why are you leaving\" we are so happy to get out of there. And then we wonder where to go next. As we decide if we should go to XS or meet the guys at Pure, we see this huge group of girls leave. I mean like 20-30 girls just leave. Trust me they were practically the only girls there, i know that once those girls left the girl line was let in entirely. \n We hated it. I would never go back. The bouncers were assholes, the promoters weren't even nice, the dancers looked hungry and vacant, the DJ sucked. nope. never again.