I'm really disappointed in this place considering its proximity to the subway. It would have been great to have a regular eyebrow place to drop in on on my way home from work, so as to give the illusion of perfectly groomed eyebrows year round and not just when I manage the time to actually get them done. \n\nWhen I initially walked in, I scanned the place and it was grubby. Points off right there. I wasn't greeted warmly either. I don't expect a warm embrace or a happy dance but a mere grunt will not do. I was asked if I made an appointment. I said, \"No, I'm just dropping in because I was in the area. Do you have time for an eyebrow threading?\" I can't be sure but I detected an eye roll or at least the beginnings of one that was tapered back. I was then directed to a chair. I also noted that there was old thread everywhere on the floor surrounding the chairs, which had bunched up dust and stray hair mixed in. At the place I currently regular, their floor is immaculate. Just saying.\n\nAnyway, when I removed my glasses and brushed my bangs out of the way, the woman who was about to shape them (pretty sure it was the owner) laughed in my face and said, \"Nice bangs. They hide your bushy eyebrows! Ha!\" My response? I thanked her. I thanked her for the insult and the gift of a bad joke. But then I thought, \"Really? You're criticizing the state of my eyebrows before you even shape them? Why do you think I'm here? Is this going to be like when you clean your house before the cleaning lady comes over so she doesn't believe you live in filth (I don't have a cleaning lady but that was the best example I could come up with)?\" So I waited for the end result wondering if enduring a couple of bad jokes may not be a bad trade-off for neatly groomed eyebrows. I looked in the mirror post-threading and wasn't that crazy with the results. Upon further inspection in the car mirror before going home, I noticed missed stray hairs and a general lack of shape. Subpar at best. The more I analyzed at home, the more fault I saw. First you insult my eyebrows and then you don't do a good job fixing them? What is your purpose?\n\nOverall, I did not appreciate her uncreative, dumb joke and I found a cheaper eyebrow salon whose work is something to be marveled at. I will not be returning here with my \"bushy eyebrows\".