Christmas in Vegas?  This should get you in the spirit!  20 or so themed light displays and you get to drive through the Las Vegas Speedway?  Quite a unique experience.  I read all the descriptions and news articles before coming and got real excited.  \n\nIs it must see?  I wouldn't go that far.  Some of you will like this more than I did.  Maybe I have high standards and have been fazed by all the people who go crazy on their houses during Christmas time... installing waving figures, ski lifts, shimmering lights, moving train sets, live music, and maybe even a visit from a real life Santa.  It's not that elaborate here.  You get all sorts of scenes, some Christmas related, some not so much.  Elvis?  Check.  12 Days of Christmas?  Check.  3 wise men?  Check.  A lit McDonald's sign?  Check.  A castle sponsored by Yelp?  Check.  All of these are lit, but there aren't any moving parts or special effects.  The most you get for effects is shimmering light tunnels that you drive through (pretty cool).  None of the scenes overwhelmed me.  \n\nIt was $20 a car on the weekends ($15 Monday-Thursday), but I got a $2 discount for donating a bag of goods to the Goodwill collection truck located at the entrance.  After you pay, there's a drive through station where you can buy little car snacks like popcorn, candy, and hot chocolate.  They also have a dedicate station on onsite that you can turn your radio to to hear themed music while you're driving through.  It takes about 30-45 minutes to drive through the whole thing, unless you have a really slow cars in front of you.  Like racing on the Speedway, you can pass the slowbies on the turn if you rev up to 15 miles per hour.  My advice?  Take your time, because it doesn't last as long as the map makes it seem.  \n\nIn the end... worth doing if you have free time and are looking for something holiday themed to take your kids or sweetie too.  Or you could just walk the flower garden at Bellagio and save yourself $20 and a 20 minute drive out of the city.