For my readers, I could not post the full story here please see the full review on other sources. I know this post is long but keep in mind that this story was one that was born a year ago also due to the length I have had to break it up into two post please review the whole story. \n\nI contacted Divinity Tattoo last year after doing a search for local artists who performed Water Color work and found Austin West-Berry, an artist who works out of the Divinity Tattoo studio. It was recommended that we set up a consultation so we did. The appointment was scheduled for July 9th, 2015. At which time Austin West-Berry met with my friend and I. We came very prepared with about 5 different pages all with an idea in mind for complimentary pieces. You could tell right off the bat that Austin West -Berry was not at all interested in our choice of art work. However she quoted us $200 per piece charged us each $100 deposit which I paid for and set us up for our appointment two months out in September. (See attached photos of her Facebook comment regarding our choice of art work the day after our consultation which I ironically found by chance this morning). In the beginning of August my husband and I found out we were expecting a baby so of course I called in to cancel mine and my friends appointment. In October we lost our baby and our family was extremely grief stricken. After much deliberation and many months my friend and I decided to re-visit our art work and we decided to set up another appointment. I called in to the studio and spoke with the receptionist who informed me that we had lost my friends $100 deposit but that mine was still there because I called in to cancel due to my pregnancy. However I was the one who contacted the studio to cancel in the first place and I specifically told the receptionist that we needed to cancel both appointments after she asked if I wanted to keep my friends. Of course I replied no because this was something we planned to do together and we would just wait, a mistake on their end no worries right? Absolutely not, Austin West-Berry decided to have a heated debate with me over the phone to such an extent that she told me she couldn't have the conversation anymore with me and would email me her decision one way or another but in her last words to me she promised \"no one would be screwed over\". Regardless of her decision at this point I was already feeling extremely worried about even getting work done with Austin West-Berry due to the inability on her end to see the receptionists error in canceling our appointments and her negative attitude towards our choice in art work. Unfortunately, I am the one who paid the $200 deposit and I didn't want to lose that over this. She did email me and she decided to move my friends deposit, that I made anyway, over to me. So at this point my work would be paid for in full and my friend would have to pay for hers upon completion of her piece. All matters seemingly set aside, I scheduled for our appointment which was July 7th, 2016 just this past Thursday, almost exactly a year after our first consultation.  However, on Monday we decided that we wanted to change the piece and informed Austin West-Berry right away for her review and feed back which was positive.Most likely due to her disgust with our original idea of which we of course didn't know about yet. Unfortunately, once we arrived she set right in to my friend and completely talked her out of her tattoo because my friend was looking for advice from Austin West-Berry on placement since she was undecided. Austin's words exactly to her were \"I won't do work on you right now because your not stoked about getting tattooed\". I felt completely blindsided and my friend felt like Austin West-Berry just didn't like her and didn't want to work on her. So after talking her out of her tattoo Austin West-Berry looks at me and asked if I still wanted to move forward with our complimentary art work and if I didn't she would refund me my $100 deposit but I would lose $100, which I said no to of course because this was a piece we were going to have done together and I wanted to wait for my friend. Fortunately I did have some art work that I was going to run by Austin West-Berry if there was an opportunity for me to do so during my session. So I showed it to her and explained my ideas at which time she asked that I give her an hour to do some sketching for me to approve. She came back about an hour later and after about 15 min of fine tuning I approved of the work and she moved forward with prepping her station and the receptionist moved forward with having me sign the waiver. Being that I already paid my total of $200 for my piece there was nothing left to do but get some art work done. She told me it would be about 4 hours worth of work which ended up only being 2 hours even after I had to have her fix four spots due to uneven shading, drag lines that looked like farm crops etc.