i've been to paris many times and seen the eiffel tower in numerous occasions...ummm, not the city paris in france, but the hotel in las vegas.  i never stayed at the hotel as a guest, but did many things in there the city tourism bureau encouraged (ironically, i've technically been to paris, at least its charles de gaulle airport, quite a few times en route to my other destinations).  the hotel itself is beautiful with quite ornate details and decorations a person can easily overlook.  it has its charm and coziness that are not found in many of these extravagantly huge hotels now being built around and its cleanliness cannot be compared to those old, dingy hotels that once had seen their own glorious times back in the days.\n\nWe waited around at the hotel casino bar since they wouldn't let us check in earlier than 10 am.  i had no idea a tequila shot could cost over $13...what a buzz kill :).  my sister who watches way too much csi wanted a room close to the elevators (something about dr. grissom saying how crimes always happen in rooms far far away from easy access to elevators...it doesn't make sense logically!).  our room which was around the corner of the elevators was pretty quiet and clean, but bit on the smaller size.  the bathroom had a separate shower and tub, and i have to give a major credit for its hairdryer.  it wasn't one of those small white miniature size one.  it actually was a salon size one with full blowing power!!!  the water pressure was really weak so if you are one of those who does everything in shower, you might anger your friends (i don't get people who take shower longer than 15 minutes...do you not shower every day???  what do you do in there???).  i didn't like the bed at all (too hard for me), but i think every hotel in vegas uses uncomfortable beds so the guests go out and spend their money instead of staying in their rooms.\n\nmy sister, the bf and i decided to hit the pool while waiting for some friends.  the pool itself was pretty small, but there were many chaises to lounge around.  we ordered a mega size (32 oz) margarita along with some food to cool us down from the blasting heat wave.  those waitresses wearing a short mini skirt were definitely eye candies to some guys (you can see their eyes moving from one direction to another, and some obvious guys move their entire heads!!!).  i initially thought the food was overpriced, but there was a lot of food and tasted better than i had expected.\n\nafter hunger's gone, thirst hits, and my sister decided to get a bottle of water.  a few minutes later, she came back with tears in her eyes...almost.  she told us how rude the bartender was (for more details, you can read this - http:\/\/www.yelp.com\/user_details_review_search?userid=uVUCqySWrgIZdiJG1a6R_Q&q=paris).  i got up and went directly to the same guy, not because i wanted to revenge but i seriously needed some water (sorry, sis :)).  he didn't ask for my i.d. to talk to him nor to buy a $6 bottle of water, but he definitely wasn't a friendly guy.  honestly, it was all a blur after that 32oz margarita, and i couldn't get really angery at the guy who threw some sh*t at my sister because i am a happy drinker.  i am sure we called for the manager on duty and the sis and bf resolved the issue somehow...\n\nright in the middle of the strip, paris hotel has a prime location.  the miracle mile shopping center (old aladdin, now planet hollywood) is right next door and caesar's palace's forum is just across the street.  i didn't get to enjoy any amenities the hotel had offered except the hairdryer and pool.  although i had a great time in vegas, that memory really isn't associated with my stay at paris hotel.  our experience at the pool rather left me a sour taste and i probably won't come back to this hotel where an employee isn't property trained in customer service.  sure, it's cheaper and less luxurious than others, but if it means i have to pay more to get better services, then i will!!!