My wife and I stayed at Cosmopolitan from Dec. 27-Jan 1. The room was which a suite was terrible. All the lights in the room are very dim and certain areas are so dark even during the day we found ourselves having to turn our phone light on just to see. Also, there is very limited space to put your clothes. There is a microwave in the room but there is no coffee maker, coffee mugs, and other utensils. I'm not sure what's the point of having a microwave in the room when there are​ no utensils in the room. The room overall was filthy dust on the blinds, hair in the shower, lights that wouldn't​ shut off unless you turned the bulb, lights​ that didn't work. Even after calling and mentioning the light​ problem to the bell desk no one came to the room to fix.  \n\nWe had dinner plans for a large party at STK on NYE. While going up the escalator​ my wife's brand new, Christian Louboutin shoe got stuck​ in the escalator​ in front of Momofuku. She was very lucky that she didn't get injured. This three-story​ escalator​ completely stopped after the shoe was pulled into the based of the escalator. We waited 20 minutes for someone to finally get the shoe out. While we were waiting, the hotel representatives came and wrote an incident report. After telling them what happened, they filled out all the necessary information and we were told that the hotel will process the report and reimburse me for the shoes. When we checked out from the hotel on Jan 1, we inquired again about the incident and again they said that they're still processing the incident report and they will contact me in a few days to rectify the situation. After a week, we still haven't heard from them so we contacted them. They gave us an email address for the hotel's risk management department who only responded only after numerous​ emails. Unfortunately​, their risk management department saw no fault​ in the escalator and put the blame solely on my wife. So all the talk when we were in the hotel of compensation for the damaged​ shoe was made just so we would leave them alone without making a big deal at the hotel. Now that I'm home, they claim that they wouldn't reimburse me for my brand new shoe but instead, ​they'll provide us with the contact info to Christian Louboutin store to find a repair place. BTW, we'll also be responsible for the cost to fix the shoe. incredible​! So they say one thing in person and completely backtracked their promise once you leave. Unbelievable!\n\nIf you do stay here and we recommend that​ you avoid the escalators​!