First things first: the limited service crew that was working this Sunday morning at 7am was nothing short of incredible. Specifically, a young African American man named Damon who was running both the front counter as well as the drive thru, is an extremely personable, genuinely friendly and professional young man that I would hire immediately. Despite the struggles of running the extremely busy fast food restaurant, Damon warmly smiled and greeted my son and I, engaged in small talk and maintained eye contact. He went out of his way to make the simple McDonald's experience a morning highlight, and I strongly commend and compliment Damon for his dedication and commitment to his job and satisfying the customers. \n\nThis McDonald's is definitely one of the weaker ones in the grand scheme of franchised McDonalds restaurants in the Las Vegas valley. At least part of this cannot be truly blamed on the restaurant itself as it is indeed located in a slightly less glamorous part of town in a busy corridor that tends to attract customers of the lower echelon (vagrants, homeless, street kids, etc). It is because of this that things like the bathrooms being locked and accessible only with the manager key  are expected and do not weight into my rating. \n\nThe play place as well as the restrooms are under remodel at the present time, so the floors are torn up quite a bit. This also does not rate into my rating. \n\nWhat does rate, however, are food preparation, equipment maintenance, and cleanliness. Unfortunately, this McDonalds tends to fall short in all three of these categories. \n\nFood Prep: We were there for breakfast and ordered a # 10 (two sausage breakfast burritos, hash brown, drink). Damon, our cashier, was extremely friendly as I explained above and automatically upgraded my drink to a large without an upcharge (I got a fountain drink). Once I was called that the order was ready, I noticed the burritos' tortillas were severely cracked and the ends were hard (clearly indicative of a non-freshly made item that had been sitting out for a while). Also, the hash brown was soft on the edges as well as the center, indicating under frying. \n\nEquipment Maintenance: This is the 3rd time I have visited this location in the past two months and every single time, Apple Pay is not functioning. The POS equipment is in need of repair and upgrades. Also the soda fountain was dispersing soda water on two spouts, indicating that the syrup was either needing to be replaced or the spout\/hose was faulty. \n\nCleanliness: though I have seen an improvement here over the past month, this is simply not a clean restaurant. This largely stems from the clientele that must be constantly cleaned up after, but the tables, soda fountain area, restrooms, and counter do not appear to be cleaned as often as they should be. \n\nIt is clear that this particular franchise owner is not the same one that owns the location at Lone Mountain & Decatur, as that McD's is always spotless and has fully functioning equipment at all times. \n\nOnce again, I give strong accolades to the service staff of this location. People like Damon are why I gave this review a 2\/5 as opposed to a 1\/5.