What a crazy experience this has been opening a restaurant in Phoenix. So of course I read all the hype and stories over the past year and a half and in regards to last week's grand opening. I was going to wait a while before visiting because let's be honest, everyone who knows me knows how picky I am about good pizza and only the NY style. Besides, who lines up at 11am for a 4pm restaurant opening? Well, I guess Malnati's fans do. Even the staff thought they were nuts-lol! I am not even that much of a Foodie. \n\nSo, I happened to find myself in the same shopping center today, coincidence? I think not! I walked over to investigate the hype and to get a menu. ( I could not find one online) Well, I got there at about 3:15 knowing they do not open until 4pm. I took a peek inside. A young lady walked right out and started talking to me. She handed me a menu and told me that they open at 3:30pm. They really do not open until 4pm. However, if they are ready they have been opening up earlier to let people in due to crowds. That seemed impressive to me so I hung around and waited. They opened at about 3:50. I was first on line. I am kind of proud of that. I am not competitive much, am I? While on line I had a lovely chat with a family friend of the owners who flew out to help and check things out. Also, the staff comes out and offers bottles of water to those waiting online. This place seems more like destination dining but more on service later. \n\nI was sat quickly after walking in. (Ha, I was first) This place must run on the original 5 second rule because before my behind even hit the seat my server Dave was at my table. Maybe, to make up for the wait outside? He went through his little spiel and we chatted. I could not remember if I had their pizza before on my varied trips to Chi-Town. I believe I might have tried it at Taste of Chicago but could not remember. Dave took my order and was pretty great, and so hilarious to boot. I liked Dave. He is very flexible. He knows the art of compromise! He will make a good husband some day to a lucky young suitor. I say this because after a little back and forth throw down on whose pizza is better, he took the fifth and agreed the customer is always right. ( Maybe he didn't really believe it to be so but I am okay with that) We finally agreed that when I am in Chicago I will eat pizza with a fork and when he is in NY he will eat pizza folded over with his hands. lol. Gotta love Dave! In fact, I have to say the service here was amazing. You are fawned over. For such a busy place they got it down. I like team concept restaurants that share the service. None of that, \"This is not my table.\" baloney.\n\nOkay, so onto the food. It seems my Peeps are divided over this place and their pizza so I was fairly warned. The pizza is different. I was wholly prepared to think of them as two different beast and I agree they are. If I see it this way then I found the food to be very good. ( except i did not care for the lemon garlic salad dressing for some reason) This type of pizza is not the same as NY style pizza. The crust is called \"butter crust\" and it tastes more like a bakery item. Maybe more like a good bakery bread or even cake. The pizza has more sauce on it and less spices and is baked together with the cheese so is a bit blander than the NY style, oily, spicy stuff I love. It seems like it is more like a casserole or pie\/Calzone then a slice. I like my pizza with more spices on it. However, I admit I really liked theirs too for what it was. The butter crust is so very good. I could eat just that. I am not saying I did and I am not saying I didn't, okay? However, there might be video of me picking at my pizza and just eating the crust. Okay, who am I? I have come a long way from the Long Island girl who used to hide her crust under her napkin as a kid. Ha!\n\nSo great place. The line was out the door when I left and people were vying for my up close parking spot. I think my 1 hour door to exit dining experience was not typical right now so if you are inpatient you might want to wait a bit before you go. Lunch service is suppose to start in June but the menu says it is express pizza. That must mean their pies are Pre-Made. One takes 35 minutes to make. I might drop by for lunch for other menu options when it quiet downs a bit. \n\nSo Zonies and Chi-Town transplants, enjoy but sorry Dave, I still like NY pizza better. Maybe return dining is needed for more taste testing?  ( Insert winky, smiley emoji) Happy eating all. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention all their servings are made for two- four people even their desserts. Single servings are even too large for one person so plan accordingly, or for leftovers at least.