I'm so torn about writing this review.  In general, my experience with this gym over 1.5 years has been good.  Most of the staff is great - helpful and friendly.  I love the Body Pump class, and Geeny, Sue, and Nikki are wonderful.  And I love that people are there to work out unlike Plasticland Lifetime Fitness Scottsdale where people and their fake boobs, lips, and hair are there to be seen and lean on machines.  \n\nThat said, the facility is, as others have said, badly in need of updates.  The 80s salmon and green decor is bad enough, but something there is ALWAYS broken.  A toilet, a faucet, the cardio machines, the TVs, the nasty, crud-covered shower heads, etc.  seriously it once took me 4 tries to find an elliptical that didn't rotate jerkily and would let me adjust the level. It's so frustrating.  Handle covers, book racks, drink holders have been broken off machines (see the stair masters and ellipticals) and never repaired.  And despite how much I love Body Pump, what a pain.  There's just not equipment to meet demand so it's absolute chaos trying to get in a class.  Get more bars, steps, and weights.  They added more classes recently but not enough and none on the weekends (????).  To add insult to injury, they just raised their guest fee from $10 to $15 per visit.  That would be understandable if they had recently upgraded anything, but in fact, the gym is degrading so this is just absurd!\n\nThe absolute worst thing about 24 hour is the obnoxious Melaleuca executive director named Pam who talks on her phone at the top of her lungs while on the elliptical, completely oblivious to the fact that not only is she annoying everyone around her, she also shares personal information about her sales team and her customers for all to hear.  In fact, I know her full name, email address, phone number, and the names of people on her team she thinks are a**holes because she can't comprehend that the gym isn't her home office and shut her piehole for 45 stinking minutes.  I wish 24 hour would ban cell phones or Melaleuca Pam from the gym floor.\n\nLastly, just a word of advice - don't EVER under any circumstances sit in those vinyl chairs outside the locker rooms.  You don't want to know why, but trust me, people.