While Shark watching at the Golden Nugget happen to turn around and discover chocolate while on the lookout for it. Is it not sweet when you find something when distracted? Plus this being downtown; even sweeter.\n\nBesides Rocky Mountain Chocolate this is the only purveyor of said chocolate down here at Fremont! With that in mind let's find out what they are like!\n\nAs I went into the store I felt like the chocolate was the glass and I the elephant, but gentle and delicate of course! The selection of chocolate behind the glass is so abundant and looks flawless. They are decorated with such precious detail. All of the chocolates call out to one buy me no me. It's so hard a choice! Control maybe! Nah, it's Vegas indulge now, gym later!\n\nThe cupcakes that they serve are made in house and decorated by the staff here. So the cashier behind the counter is not just a pretty face, she is talented too! They come up with different designs and they come in various flavors of red velvet, chocolate, or vanilla.\n\nBesides just confections behind the glass they have soft serve ice cream that can be served in a cone or shake. They have been recognized by prestigious chocolatiers that have bestowed chocolate awards for their glorious experience.\nOne cannot go wrong when the chocolate actually tastes delicious. So the awards they have won actually mean something! Did I mention they sell coffee and do some amazing things with coffee. \n\nIn their own name they package and sell some very delicious confections with sugar such as gummy bears just to name a few. The packaged items on the shelf were very appealing with so many fun colors and variety to chose among.\n\nBeing Vegas they offer bridal party favors both tasteful and fun. Or for a little raunchy fun they have those party favors that will keep the party going all night long. \n\nThe one treat we did not sample this trip was the cake pops the variety that they offer is so diverse when we visited. They come in such celebratory colors so these are on my list next visit. \n\nThe prices is the best of all here with this being the part of Vegas that is budget friendly. Your chocolate purchases will not make your purse run from one. It depends on how wild you go! I had no self control the first visit, but after sampling that and this; it creates the knowledge your preferences. \n\nNow let's recap: there is not enough confectioners shops on the Fremont end of the street, but now you know where a fabulous one is. It is not Rocky Mountain, your on vacation try something new! Rocky is everywhere. The price is fair. The chocolate is amazing and fill stop that sweet addiction in its tracks. So schools out for now. Recess time!