I, personally did not have a great experience at Dr. Albert Ng's, but I do not doubt his abilities to work well with other clients.\n\nHe is a really nice doctor who is very empathetic to his clients and explains things very well. He also works great with kids and family. This office is large and fancy, it feels very comfortable waiting here.\n\nI'm mainly giving two stars because I think that the lenses here costed quite a bit more money than other orthokeratology places. and that I found that these lenses actually scratched the cornea of my eye. I found this out because I went to another doctor, after I realized the other doctor charged a lot less for the same service, who actually told me and showed me the scratch marks on my cornea and was informed by this doctor it was because the lenses I was wearing were too tight for my eye. Afterall, orthokeratology lenses aren't for everyone.\n\nPersonally, I have a terrible eyesight and speaking to friends and family, they recommended me to orthokeratology. Yes, it's expensive, but it works like magic because you wear these lenses when you sleep and on the morning, you don't have to wear anything. In addition, because of my bad genes, if I didn't wear these lenses, I would be by colloquial definition, blind by about age 17. For those who don't know, of you are about 1000 degrees or at minus 10, that is what the general public (or at least my friends) considers as being blind.\n\nConsulting with Dr. Albert Ng, he said it's still possible to do. He has a nice and fancy office, wait times can get slightly longer. My starting process was about $5,000 (this started eleven years ago, btw). It worked out great at first, until I realized i needed to pay each year, and each year the prices increased, totaling to about $10,000 by the end of three years. \n\nWe switched doctors, and immediately that doctor stated that my cornea was damaged because although the lenses worked, they were way too tight for my eye, creating small scratches on the surface of the eye, that is invisible to see unless you use their technological machines (don't know what they are called) to view it.\n\nNevertheless Dr. Albert Ng has plenty of clients, he is a great consultant who explains things well, but I believe the price is a little high compared to other orthokeratology places.