I have undue respect for the Police, however, when the 911 operators that I have dealt with are dumber than bucket of chickens, when I see reckless driving especially through school zones, and zero police presence in the city trails and parks my respect for the police department BUT not the police and my feeling of safety is to put it nicely not five stars. The following paragraph is a copy of the email that I just sent the Henderson Police Chief Patrick Moers. It explains why I am not too happy with the 911 operator and Insufficient patrolling of the City parks and trails aspects of the Police Department. Here is the email to Henderson Police Chief Patrick Moers:\n\n  \"I am writing this email to address my frustration with incompetent and unprofessional 911 operators with Insufficient patrols on the City trail system. The latest incident occurred earlier today at 12:35 pm. This incident was a speeding white car illegally driving south on the River Mountains Loop Trail near Equestrian Park. I called 911 to explain the incident and that the vehicle was headed west on the Saguaro Trail towards Magic Way. There was zero urgency in the 911 operator. I wanted her to send a Police Officer to the Saguaro Trail before the motorist got onto the street system. I was appalled when she did not know where the Saguaro Trail is and that she blamed the slow response on being busy. For the record, I saw a few cars driving illegally on the River Mountains Loop Trail today near Equestrian Park and Mile Marker 3.5. Furthermore, the 911 dispatcher lied by promising me that a Police officer would get back to me later. The dispatcher's incompetence and poor attitude can be traced from my call using (... )-...-.... at approximately 12:35 pm on Saturday, April 22, 2017.\"\n\n  From reading this email, you can tell that I lost some confidence in the Police Department BUT not the Police Officer. Honestly, I am very concerned when a 911 operator has no idea where a City of Henderson trail is. For crying out loud Saguaro Trail is on Yelp. I am also concerned when an operator is telling me in a 911 call that they were slow to respond to a call because they were busy. Try telling that to a robbery victim when the attackers are running away and are now to the point of not being captured because you were busy. \n\n   Today's incident follows other crimes I reported. Coincidentally there was another one on the River Mountains Loop Trail by Mile Marker 2 in November where a trail user called 911 to report a kid that she witnessed setting fire to a creosote. She had a picture of the criminal and crime. It wasn't necessary because the Henderson Police were no-shows. \n\n   In conclusion, the Henderson Police Department needs to retrain their 911 operators. This includes testing their compentence on the City streets, trails, and attractions. Furthermore they need to be more professional with a sense of urgency. That 911 operator I dealt with today is more suited to flipping burgers in McDonald's than handling 911 calls. Additionally, the Police need to patrol the trails. On account of the fact that the incompetence of some 911 operators and insufficient patrolling of the trails, I will be carrying additional protection.