I found this place because these guys are apparently the only ones in Vegas that sell and service Genuine scooters. I had a Honda Ruckus in Irvine and loved the hell outta that little militant bastard, but when you're cruising down on Alton with a Hummer on your ass doing 60 MPH, a 35 MPH top speed royally blows. So yeah, I wanted something with more \"CCs\".\n\nMy initial visit was on a weekday right before they were closing. The employees didn't seem annoyed that I leaped into the showroom before they could lock the doors and turn off the lights. They didn't rush me at all while answering all of my questions and showing me the different models available. The showroom was clean and well organized with a wide variety of Asian-made scooters. They also have a bicycle section with a good selection of man-powered transportation. Satisfied with the service and with a better idea of what I wanted, the wife and I went back the next day to get things rolling on a 09 Buddy Blackjack. That same night I had a new scooter sitting in my garage.\n\nFast forward to a couple of weeks later. Now, I won't blame the usual Asian stereotype for being a bad driver, but I had an unfortunate accident with my shiny new Buddy. Nothing serious - several body panels and trim pieces had to be replaced (along with my pride). So I took this opportunity to have the shop order some other parts while working with my insurance company to replace the factory damaged components. While the wait took longer than I expected, the end result was well worth it. The shop did an amazing job of getting my Buddy back into perfect shape. The owner and employees of Vegas Motorsports seemed genuinely concerned about ordering the right parts and getting absolutely everything replaced correctly. I never rush the people working on my vehicle, or my food... Just the rule I live by.\n\nSo yeah, now the wife can take the Prius out whenever she needs to, and I have a scooter at my disposal for the suicidal ride down Spring Mountain. Just to be clear - we're not a \"tree-huggers\" or \"green\" by any stretch, no sir, we're Asian - which means we're cheap ass mofos. Gas be hella expensive right now, so between the car that gets an average of 45 MPG and my scooter that gets 92 (!) MPG, we can save some greens for rice, and beer.