Living up to the hype.  A warm and contemporary Italian American eatery that delivers great tastes with the energy that is Vegas.  \n\nThis is not an authentic taste of Italian regional specialties rather refined and prettied up versions of Italian American favorites.  All good, it works.\n\nThe majority of the menu centers around small plates of antipasti shared family style.  Flavors are very complimentary so ordering a wide variety of dishes works.  An incredible simple grilled broccoli rabe natural bitterness is enhanced by hints of char and smoke but brought to life by a spicy, chili vinaigrette.  Sweet peppers stuffed with a tangy goat cheese and peppery olive oil create a very well balanced dish exploding with freshness.\n\nFor seafood antipasti, do not pass on the lobster arancini.  Dressed with a spicy pomodoro of Calabria chili and a touch of a herbaceous basil aioli that elevates the sweetness of the lobster.  Slightly cloying mouth feel but great flavors.  \n\nGreat selection of well made salumi.  Try a variety.  The Bresaola and finocchiona as good as any in Tuscany.  Add a selection of cheeses with perfectly paired condiments (Mozzarella with a citrus chili pesto,  Parmigiano with honey).  \n\nSmall selection of pastas.  The lobster ravioli excellent.  Perfectly cooked sheets of pasta surrounding chunks of barely cooked through lobster perfumed by tarragon.  Richness on richness but it works.\n\nThe only weakness of the restaurant are the mains.  A mustard, walnut, and raisin crusted rack of lamb, while perfectly cooked was one dimensional, needing more herbaceous, lemony gremolata.  A bone in \"Tuscan\" rib-eye topped with a sunny side up egg did not make sense.   The yolk did nothing to elevate the flavor of the beef rather giving it an unpleasant yolky aftertaste as it cooled.\n\nService is a work in progress.  Slow and lacking confidence.  This will definitely improve with time.\n\nDecent wine list at Vegas resort prices.\n\nGuys, admit it, Giada turned you on to cooking shows.  Now the chance is here to try the food you know you never cooked.  Worthy.