I've had this place bookmarked for a long time, but what finally pushed me to go now was a recommendation for their Avgolemono soup. Greek is one of my favorite cuisines since I grew up with gyros, tzatziki, baklava, etc and it can be tough to please (though I don't consider myself an authority on the matter). Either way, I really enjoyed The Great Greek and I just wish it weren't so far away!\n\nI started with Avgolemono ($3.50), a traditional Greek soup made with simple ingredients - chicken broth, egg, lemon, and rice. I had to try The Great Greek Gyros ($7.95): beef & lamb (the other choice is chicken), lettuce, tomato, red onion, feta cheese, and tzatziki all stuffed into a folded fluffy pita. I also ordered a side of Feta Fries ($3).\n\nSide note: You can add Feta Fries and a fountain drink to your sandwich for $3.45. All other combinations (regular fries, rice pilaf, Avgolemono, or Greek salad) plus the fountain drink is just $2.95. I'm not sure how much a drink costs separately, but this is still a great deal!\n\nGyro is actually the traditional preparation of meat on the iconic vertical spit, but we associate the name with sandwiches since it is typically served as that. Although not the traditional choice of meat in Greece (it's pork), there is a 50-50 combination of beef and lamb that we have come to love in America (also dubbed gyro meat). At least I love it. It's so good. I don't even care that it doesn't resemble either animal or that it falls apart easily. It's delicious. Good Beef & Lamb: Roasted appropriately with a bit of juice, some crust doesn't hurt (yum), and cut about a centimeter thick. \n\nAlthough their gyro meat didn't have a crust, it was still delicious. I loved the fresh tomato, onion, lettuce, feta, and refreshing tzatziki. The pita was nice as well. The soup was tasty and they generously served a whole pita with it (cut into four slices). The Feta Fries were good, but not amazing. Either way, fabulous meal and good prices! I will definitely try some of their other Greek specialties next time.