In many ways this is just your average large Albertson's. But on Christmas Day in 2009, they were open. They totally rocked that day. What a relief to the hundreds and manybe thousands of people who forgot something or someone and there was no other place to turn.  Right after church, we drove by at 9 AM and the parking lot was full of happy but anxious people, like me who forgot to get the McDoanld's gift certificates for two nephews.   They activated the cards and I was almost done. I also wanted some cash back. But right before my transaction was approved, the ATM machine and the register broke. It turns out the store GM was ringing me up.  She just made the line walk two registers over, keeping everyone's place in the line, and continued as if nothing happened. She ekept everyone cool and calm.\n\nThe store was packed the whole day.  I drove by several times and the parking stalls were full. I came back to the store later to pick up some ice and wine and the store was still crowded. I hope they made a lot of money that day, and that other stores consider having their store open on Christmas Day as well in future years.\n\nMy relatives have their prescriptions filled at this pharmacy. They are very prompt, friendly, and accurate.  This store gives you a reduction in gas prices at the gas station across the street, The more you spend at Albertsons, the bigger your discount if you have a Club Card. They also have a huge electric sign in front that tells you when there are fantastic deals, lile the time T bone steaks were $3.99 a pound or 12 pack sodas were 4 for $10.00. They also have a bakery which made a nice birthday cake once as well as a deli where we once bought a turkey dinner for Christmas. \n\nOnce, I asked the produce guy if the tangerines were sweet.  He said, \"Eat one or two of them and let me know...\"So, I did but dang---.  I should've kept on eating before telling him my verdict. But they were good that day. They have a very nice deli and butcher well.\n\nMuch of the staff is the same as it was for the past few years I've been coming here when I visit my relatives in the area. Parking is usually easy, and the stores including bathrooms are usually clean. They have a nice S tarbucks inside as well. It's a complete full service grocery store.