For the 3 years or so Pancho's has been there I had been avoiding it because of my perception that it was over-priced compared to other Tex\/Mex restaurants.  I decided to give it a go today for a late lunch\/early dinner because I was in the area.\n\nI was seated at a two top immediately and I began to look over the menu.  When I checked in on Yelp, I noticed there was a free fried ice cream offer for the check in.  Not bad.\n\nI ordered the pollo a la diabla which the menu describes as:  Tender pieces of boneless chicken sautéed with caramelized onions, roasted garlic and artichoke hearts. Simmered in a special Diabla sauce with roasted Guajillo chiles and Chef Ramon's special herbs. Served with green rice and black beans.  The diabla sauce had some kick to it--not enough to be a bother to most diners.  I enjoyed it enough that I didn't ask for Cholula or some kind of sauce to add to it.  There was a serving or rice and some place beans with cotija cheese.  The dish was very enjoyable.\n\nWhen it came time, I told my server, Gustavo, that I had the Yelp check in offer and he watched as I marked the offer as used.  A little later, out came this large bowl with what would be two scoops of fried ice cream instead of the normal single scoop.  The menu describes the dish this way: Vanilla ice cream covered with crispy Corn Flakes and cinnamon. Served with a caramel sauce and whipped cream.  It was excellent and a good ending to a good meal.\n\nThe restaurant is nicely appointed and has several living plants and trees.  The stairs go to the main kitchen upstairs and it's amazing to watch the servers run up the stairs and walk down quickly with their full trays.\n\nService was very good.  Gustavo brought me fresh iced tea 3 times and he stopped by to check in with me after I had the main course for a small amount of time to see if everything was OK.\n\nI won't be skipping Pancho's anymore.  The prices are comparable to others in the general neighborhood.  The only thing that drove me crazy was the table that moved back and forth depending on whether I put weight on my end.  That's irritating anywhere.