This place was Ssssooooo close to getting one star. So close. I've had Korean bbq in several bigs cities - Chi-town, NYC, ATL... I may not be Korean but I'm a pretty good judge of food so i know good Korean BBQ. The risk of one star had absolutely nothing to do with the food or waitstaff - it's all due to the seating arranged by the hostess. \n\nCame here on a Friday night around 5:30 with a party of 14. We were told It would be 40-45 min wait. The hostess pointed out two tables in the front and said that would be ours. We put down our name and headed next door to Seoul for beers while we wait. 30 min later, we check with the hostess and was told it's another 40 min wait again. No reasoning, no explanation. We glanced over at the tables that were supposed to be ours and noticed there's two new sets of customers seated there. Wait - did you just give our tables to someone else? And failed to update us? When we realized that, we went back to the hostess and was told those two tables couldn't accommodate 14 people so they had to change the plan. I was beyond livid. Why were we told one thing and not updated when the plan changed? At this point it's been an hour and a half wait. I don't mind waiting but when you're told 40 min and it's been 90 min, something's gotta give. Because we already invested so much time - not to mention we're here to celebrate my 18 year wedding anniversary - we decided to continue to wait. Luckily our name was called about 5 min after the showdown with the hostess. \n\nWe get to our seat and it's three tables. Our friends visiting from MN were on the opposite side so there was absolutely no interaction with them during the meal. Another negative. \n\nNow on to the food. As soon as we sat down, someone came by to take drink orders and the ban chan (side dishes) were dropped off. Before our waters were even given, another person (our waiter) came by to take our food orders and It went uphill from there. I'm talking from a 1 star to a full 5 stars right away. \n\nAll of the side dishes were delicious. The meats were so flavorful- definitely the best bulgolgi I've ever had. Packed with flavor. The dipping sauces were plentiful and on point. Try the corn cheese. I know It sounds weird but there's something about gooey mozzarella cheese melted over sweet corn that paired together so well. Who would've thunk It? My 10 year old nephew has to be the pickiest eater alive. He eats a total of 6 things in the world- rice and chicken, rice and eggs, pizza, nachos, cheeseburger and nuggets with fries. That's It. I was not looking forward to paying $12 for nothing but surprisingly, I gave him chunks of pork belly crisped up on the grill over a bowl of rice and he rated It 10 out of 10. That's saying a lot!!! \n\nLet's talk about the service for a minute. Can I give them 5 stars too? I mean, my table consisted of 6 people, 3 of which we're guys over 200 lbs each. And we stayed taken care of. Ask for more rice? You get it right away. You didn't even have to ask for drink refills, you automatically get a glass that's kept full. No matter how many times we asked for additional items, everyone stayed friendly and obliging. Our waitress Camilla must be an angel sent from heaven cause she put up with our neediness with a smile fixed on her face. Gratuity was included in our bill but each of our three tables gave more tips on top of It because our wait staff was impeccable. Then at the end of our meal, the manager or owner walked around and talked to us. Man I wish every place was like this. They have seriously ruined me for customer service anywhere else. All in all, even though we had issues with the hostess and the wait time, we will definitely be regulars here. Just not with a large party again. \n\nThank you Let's Meat for putting Charlotte on the map when It comes to Korean bbq. You did not disappoint!