It was my bro's 21st birthday, so coming here made a little sense. I personally am not one for strip joints because I don't play for that team, but I couldn't disappoint my bros and our dad.\n\nIt was my first time EVER in a stripclub and I was surprised at how much I enjoyed it here once I loosened up, thank you Jack. At first I was a bit distant to being approached by the women here because we seemed like we were being targeted. I guess it is common practice for them to try to get you to the \"private room\" in the back. But although we went in with a decent amount of funds we kept our pack together.\n\nMy dad wanted to really make this a memorable experience for my little bro given that my bro takes care of business and has grown into a well defined man, so he got him the bottle service package for $250.\n\nI guess it's hit or miss with the overall service and treatment for some people, HOWEVER! when Mark, the host at the door, made it known that we got bottle service we did not get a regular seating at a booth like other clients but they gave us a spot right at the stage and he also frequent us to make sure we were ALWAYS being taken care of. Some other dude tried to join us and although we didn't mind, Mark made it clear that we had our own thing going on without outsider invitation. But turns out this dude that tried to \"leech\" onto us was already known there for just that...being a \"leech.\" Mark threw him out. Afterwards, we were magnets to all the women. My other bro and I each broke a Benjamin into singles and it was enough to have us a good time for the next hour we were there, and the women didn't seem bothered by our \"non-high roller\" distributions. They were all very generous with their time with us even though there were other clients.\n\nBut to specify on the women. One girl, Lula I think, was very well received by us because I was able to speak to her by myself while she was having her coffee before her shift and I gave her a little insight on my bros and dad and why were we there. And I might've also shown her a photo of my boyfriend and I. She thought it was hilarious that I was there but she was a good sport about it. At 27, so she said, she was definitely one of the more visually magnifying women there.\n\nWhen it was her turn to go up she gave us about 88% of her attention. Without being too specific, she definitely made the experience memorable for my baby bro. The scent of fresh roses was always on stage with a new girl, so kudos to you females for that. I also do feel we got lucky with the time we visited because it was still a mellow atmosphere and each girl made her presence, or should I say had time to make her presence known to us.\n\nAgain. We went in with unpredictability with our funds. But I wouldn't recommend to do this unless you really want to receive exclusivity, or if you're anything like my dad you are very persuasive and know how to talk to people, which he did...that lead to Glitter being a place we will remember undoubtly.\n\nOverall, I enjoyed this place as my first stripclub as the only gay brother in a family of straight men. LOL.