I rarely am motivated enough to write reviews but after tonight's awful experience at Los Sombreros, I felt I must.  We are visiting my parents and they were very excited to try this \"new\" restaurant that had recently been reviewed in the paper.  How sorry they are.\n\nOur party of 7 called at 6:30pm and asked about arriving at 7pm for a party of seven.  \"No problem\" and \"what's your name?\" was the response and off we went.  We arrived and the greeter\/hostesses were rude and said they didn't show a reservation for us.  We pointed it out and they said they couldn't honor\/accommodate us.  As they saw our jaw drops, they akwardly walked off and tried to piece something together.  They offered us a table in the bar OR said we could wait 20 minutes for a table in the main dining room.  Having 3 kids with us, we elected for the bar.  We were seated at about 7:05 and then, after having our orders for drinks\/food taken at 7:25, we still didn't receive anything (drinks or chips) until 7:45.  The drinks were wrong.  My 6-year old daughter ordered lemonade and was told they had it;  they didn't and brought her a Sprite.  She said she had ordered lemonade and they said they didn't hear her. They said they had \"homemade\" limeade so she agreed.  When it arrived at 8:00, she tasted it and told us it tasted weird.  My husband tried it and said it was margarita mix.  Seriously?   After numerous drink mix-ups and having servers come and verify and re-verify certain food orders, they brought our food out at 8:15.  Things were looking up!  \n\nThe food:  2 of us got the smoked chicken enchiladas and they were good.  One of us got the carnitas and he said it was just \"ok.\"  The rice tasted awful but the beans were decent.  The food was all pretty cold (definitely the kitchen had not timed the food prep\/service well) but we were done complaining.  It was up to them and they seemed to know we were not happy as the owner continued to avoid us like the plague despite her servers telling her how badly things were going at our table.  Chips were good, hot sauce was watered down and almost tasteless.\n\nThe check:  Upon the conclusion of our meal, the check was delivered.  There was an add'l drink on there (the extra Sprite from the earlier mix up) and upon us asking, they responded but we brought you the limeade.  Well, that was on there too!  Also, the mandatory gratuity was included b\/c we were a party of 7.  Are you kidding me?  The owner is there, never comes over to apologize and then they charge us for everything and include gratuity?  I spoke with the server, told her that despite her best efforts, it was a misreable experience and that we were very disappointed having driven 30 minutes.  She apologized and said she had spoken to the owner and told her but that she didn't care.  Seriously?  \n\nI will NEVER waste my time here again and am flabbergasted that this place is still in business after 8 weeks.  It will not last given it's current state.  They were clearly understaffed and yet the owner continued to seat large parties despite the obvious breakdown in all aspects. \n\nDo not waste your time going to this location.  This place needs a manager and obviously NOT the owner running the place.  She was rude (I saw her get into it with 2 other customers) and I saw 2 tables leave.  She obviously doesn't care about what the customers think and she avoided our table going so far as to hide in the kitchen until we left.   Shameful and awful.  This review would not have been written had she come out, apologized for the lack of service and bought us a round of drinks just to show that she was committed to making a bad situation better.