So tonight we decided to give the Rumfish Grille a second chance. We probably shouldn't have. I'll get to why in just a minute.\n\nI want to start out by saying that our server (named Jackie) was great. She was pleasant efficient and knowledgeable about the dishes. She couldn't be better. \n\nOkay, that's the end of the compliments. We were asking a question about the menu when the manager showed up. She took a discussion of their vegetable choices and became confrontational. REALLY? I come from a management background. If a customer has an issue that they are trying to bring to a manager's attention, causing an argument with the customers is not good business practice. I told her that this was our second time there, we were not impressed with the establishment, but were here to give it a second chance. That would have been a cue to up their game, she missed the cue. I told her that I had reviewed them on yelp and would be again. Her response to that was appalling. She said that bad reviews were from disgruntled employees. Um... no. I 'm sitting in front of her telling her that I'm one of those reviewers.\n\nI finally told her that picking a fight with a customer was exceptionally unprofessional. She started to stutter at this point, gave me a big fake smile, and stomped off. Wow.\n\nDid I mention that this was all before we had finished ordering?\n\nOur question was regarding the vegetables. They had a seasonal vegetable consisting of rubarb, parsnips and some other less than inviting veggie. They also had mushrooms, stewed tomatoes or cauliflower. My sweetheart wanted to substitute a salad, we had no problem with an upcharge. This was not available. My love ended up ordering a dinner salad to go with her dinner so that she could have some type of vegetable. \n\nWhen the food came it was okay. At least the best of it was okay. We had it boxed up and will serve it to our dogs. As a matter of fact, our dogs had some of it this evening when we got home and they enjoyed it.\n\nSo, the bottom line is that the management is ignoring negative reviews and not understanding why the place isn't busy. I'm trying to come up with something positive to say... Well, if our dogs had thumbs they would have given a thumbs up.