Looking for a real review instead of the generic 5-star ratings from out-of-state Yelp profiles with ten or fewer reviews? Here's your lucky day!\n\nI've often lamented the lack of bubble tea in the northern part of Henderson, and out of the blue came Teason. They found a spot in this nondescript plaza that has little in the way of food, but they're located across the street from a high school and not too far away from some private universities. If you ask me, that's a wise location choice that should ensure success even beyond their current lack of competition in the neighborhood. [UPDATE: They're open 11am-11pm now. The loss of morning hours is disappointing, but the late night availability will be very nice if it lasts.]\n\nOn the other hand, they have several issues that will likely make them unpopular for students or other lingering guests: limited seating (communal table with 6 seats, bar height counter with 5, and benches along the other wall for waiting), inconvenient power outlets, and the complete absence of public restrooms. At least they have Wi-Fi for those who might linger for a bit, and their bottles are good for people on the go.\n\nThat's right, everything comes in bottles here. These only come in one size (16 oz, $3.95) and they're not necessarily collectible, but they're sturdy enough to be reused and they actually come with the plastic screw tops with snap-off necks - you know, the ones on any pre-packaged plastic bottles from stores. I suppose it's a good way to ensure that your drink is \"fresh\" if somebody else picked it up for you, although I don't see the low-trust\/suspicious demographic as a huge part of the customer base...\n\nThe menu is fairly simple and well-organized, with sections for milk teas, non-milk flavored teas, smoothies, coffees, and add-ons ($0.50 each). Of the latter, I've only tried the boba so far, and it had the proper texture on both occasions. Due to their buy one get one free promo this weekend, I've already been able to order a lot of drinks.\n\nJasmine Milk Tea: not much jasmine flavor, if any, but at least it's a creamy milk tea. I asked for mine to be \"less sweet,\" and it ended up being only just shy of what I'd like in regular sweetness. I'll probably try to aim even lower next time, and I won't go for regular sweetness ever. I will also see if they adjust their recipe at all because the employees stated that the teas are premade, so the tea flavors can't really be strengthened.\n\nCoconut Slushie: had a sip of my friend's. It was surprisingly reminiscent of toasted coconut, which is still good because the real fruit flavor is sometimes absent from these sorts of drinks, an example being the next drink...\n\nMango Slushie: I doubt that the bulk of this slushie was made from real mango. It's likely a syrup-based recipe, but they do add diced mango after blending, and these pieces did taste sweet and fresh. Unfortunately, the cutting isn't even, so some chunks are not small enough to fit through a normal-diameter straw (which the employee handed to me instead of a large straw).\n\nThai Green Milk Tea: finally found a go-to drink on this attempt. This has typical Thai tea flavors, but with a green tea twist that makes it distinctly different and more interesting. I've only had this once before, but that first experience was marred by unpleasant bitterness. This one did not have such a problem.\n\nHouse Milk Tea: now  that's the the flavor that I should've tried all along. I could easily taste the tea, and the \"less sweet\" adjustment yielded a lovely result. Combine it with boba and you've got a great version of a classic milk tea.\n\nSea Salt Coffee: although the teas cannot be made stronger, the coffees can. I requested that mine be prepared that way, and it was definitely caffeine-packed. The sea salt was prominent, and having a stronger coffee at half sweetness made it rich in coffee flavor with just enough sweetness to make the taste pleasant. This was actually served pretty warm but nowhere near scalding; nevertheless, it was fine with me on a hot summer day, and I was able to refrigerate it at home (no huge flavor changes after that).\n\nThe regular menu prices are a little higher than similar places in Vegas, but compared the me-too shops in Henderson, they're actually lower. They also offer a virtual stamp card, integrated with Square, w\/ a buy 10 get 1 free reward. Plus, they don't underfill the bottle (at least not yet) when you ask for no ice, and they did ask if I was happy with the sweetness when I first visited; this sounds like partial satisfaction-guaranteed policy.\n\nWelcome to the neighborhood, Teason, and thanks for bringing a good bubble tea shop for us Henderson folks so that we don't have to drive far if we're just craving a sweet drink. I already rank you higher than a majority of local competitors, although certainly not all of them. Now if you could get rid of those fake reviews and just rely on positive word-of-mouth, you'd be all clear to go to my book.