COME because you are trendy, hyped, and want to rekindle memories of NYC.\nLEAVE because you never got to board the bandwagon.\n\nThe Halal Guys leaves a bad taste in my mouth. I never tried the original in NYC so I have no baseline to compare their latest franchise location. I do, however, know good middle eastern food when I eat it. Maybe that's unfair, though. This is to middle eastern food what Cafe Rio is to Mexican food. That's too bad because its roots started legit and grew deep.\n\nLike the food pyramid, let's start at the base: rice with chopped lettuce and tomatoes. This rice is dry in a way that makes no sense. The lettuce is some iceberg. The tomatoes - flavorless, unripe whatever. These are ingredients indiscernible from Taco Bell's production line.\n\nNext level: the meat. It's your run of the mill crispy-ish \"shawarma meat.\" Nothing special going on here. Seasoning is a moot point because of the next level.\n\nTop level: the white sauce. Unless you tell them otherwise, the assumption is \"I would like a gallon of sauce, please.\" What ever magic potion is in the sauce, it's good. If this sauce wasn't good The Halal Guys would be out of business. It covers the meat, making that crispy-warm-liquid-savory layer that gets you hooked. It's like the sauce on your all-you-can-eat sushi: the sushi roll is merely the vessel. There's a small strip of their hot sauce as well. Hot is an understatement, really. That red sauce is a fire in your mouth.\n\nThe top-top level: a few pieces of bread. It's bread.\n\nI know, I'm coming down on The Halal Guys hard. They could have, and should have, done better. This is the age of the \"open production line\" restaurant. Chipotle, Cafe Rio, PizzaRev, etc. They're all efficient at what they do and designed to be inoffensive to accommodate the masses. This is what makes investors and franchisers happy and so I understand it's not going to be the finest of middle eastern culinary experiences. The let-down is the missed opportunity to upgrade the product from its lowly food cart origins where generic lettuce, tomatoes, and dry rice is acceptable - even charming! At this stage, though, there's simply better choices for your time and money.