Sunrise is the spirit of Sunset. Situated off of Sunset Road between Eastern Avenue and Pecos Road six lanes across from Sunset Park and under the flight path, Sunrise creates an agreeable community environment in a disagreeable world. Over the years, I have driven to Sunset to experience the spirit of Sunrise. \n\n   In a city where casinos close overnight and Vegas history is instantly erased for so-called progress; Sunrise Coffee is a small business success story. It is a success story that goes back to 2008 when the owners Josh Walter and Juanny Romero opened Sunrise Coffee and turbocharged the independent Las Vegas coffee scene faster than a grande shot of expresso. Sunrise Coffee has won accolades and high ratings for their coffee and coffee house environment. Sunrise is considered by many to be the longest opened independent coffee shop in Las Vegas. \n\n  This award winning coffee shop is a spot that I have spent hours in. Today on National Frappe Day, I celebrated the beverage here. To be to the point their Frape is not their strong point. I paid $5.50 for a drink that was slushy and lacked the flavor of competing Frappes. It was nothing like the Truffle berry flame that I enjoyed a year ago. Nothing is perfect. However their coffee that I drank at least 40 times is close to perfect. \n\n  I am a fan of the drip coffee. It is a drip coffee that Sunrise blends themselves under their Mothership banner. The coffee is flavorful and strong. When you add in my Mothership visits (their sister shop) I have enjoyed their coffee at least 70 times. The coffee comes out to $2.70 for a medium. Additionally their chocolate chip cookie is the bomb. \n\n   The inner space of Sunrise is a contradiction to the outer space of Sunset. Across from the open grass of Sunset Park, the inside space of Sunrise is crowded. Their reputation speaks in an often nearly full house of coffee drinkers ranging from hipsters to independent people like me. From the corner couch to the bar seats and east wall booths; Sunrise is a happening scene from sunrise to sunset. It is a happening scene that extends to the outside patio. On a cooler day, the outside patio offers an unusual coffee house activity, which is watching the low flying airplanes above about to land at McCarren Airport a couple miles to the west. My favorite activity takes place indoors when I connect my laptop or phone to the outlet and go online watching YouTube while enjoying a cup of coffee. \n\n   Another thing that is not bitter is customer service. The employees have always been professional and attentive to the details of my caffeineated beverage. \n\n  Sunrise Coffee is one of the Many coffee house that I appreciate. I don't take living near Sunrise Coffee for granted. Just like the sun is guaranteed to return to sunset I am guaranteed to return to Sunrise.