First to review! Awesome.\n\nLet me tell you about this new little Mexican place that just opened up between the corner gas station and the creative kids. This place had been advertising that they're opening soon for two months, and they're finally open. \n\nThe owner is extremely nice, friendly, and quick to charm you up on the dishes his store makes. He even offers to let you sample the chicken and steak before making a decision.\n\nSince we've been waiting for him to open he offered to let us try a taco for free. Other than that we ordered and bought the fish taco, chicken taco, chile relleno. and bean and cheese burrito.\n\nFirst off the bean and cheese burrito was the cheesiest burrito I've ever had in my entire life! Maybe too much cheese... wait, what the heck am I saying?! There is no such thing as too much cheese!! It was ooey gooey goodness, with a freshly made tortilla. A little too flimsy but in overall deliciousness, it didnt matter. It hit the spot. \n\nThe salsa's could use a little more flavor. The only one I really enjoyed was the chunky brown one, that has onions in it. \n\nThe chicken tacos were full of flavor and had a good amount of meat inside them. Definitely, not wimpy tacos and worth the price. They top them with onions, cilantro, and lettuce if you request it. \n\nThe food takes longer than a fast food joint but thats because they make everything fresh. What i loved was that i could see the grill from the cash register. No gimmicks, no hidden secrets. What you see is what you get. I'd rather wait an extra five or so minutes and have something fresh, hot and healthier than something you get thats been sitting for hours. \n\nThe store is small, clean and everything brand new. They have a tv for customers to watch while they eat, which is nice. Free refills on drinks, except the horchata. \n\nLastly i tried the chile relleno which was really spicy but in a great way. Full of cheese again, and topped with grilled onions and red sauce. \n\nThis place uis a hit, and overall im super excited its here. Less than a block from my work you'll be getting an update before you know it!