I wished I could give them zero stars. My daughter attended coach Ed's the high rollers class and was harassed and treated awful. This coach has a demeaning attitude and makes excuses for everything.  I noticed from the first class that the coach didn't have patience with the kids and would get frustrated if they didn't do the moves correctly even on the first try. During the second class my daughter had a blister and asked the coach if she could go to the bathroom to wash off the chalk. I could see from the viewing window that he grabbed her hand and could also see my daughter's face in pain. My daughter came running to me and he had squeezed her hand so tight that he burst her blister. My daughter is not sensitive at all and has taking gymnastics at other gyms and I know that this is not the way to threat kids. After the class I talked to the coach and all got from him was complaints about how the other coaches in the gym don't see eye to eye with him and he deviated the conversation to other stuff,. I also talked to my daughter's previous coach to explain my concerns. I was told that since he only had two-three fingers in one hand he might have burst her blister by mistake, but said that his demeanor was different from all the other coaches. During her last class she was told by the coach Ed if she was deaf multiple times and was told to go away. During my whole time dealing with this coach was pure torture for me and my daughter, he does not give kids a chance to learn the moves nor he showed that he cared about the kids or had regard for parents. After that incident my daughter walked out of the class and told me everything. I immediately talked to the front desk and she informed me that the gym knew of coach Ed and that they he has had previous problems with other parents\/kids. I spoke with the owner, but I got the feeling that I was ignored. I got part of my money back, but not all because she said that I only had a problem with one coach. To me it shows that she does not take responsibility for her employees and did not really showed much concern. Yes it was only one coach, but it only takes one person to do damage. My only regret is taking my daughter here, and I will not referred anyone to this hell place. Their website contradicts to what actually happens here..beware it is not a safe learning environment.