After first visiting neighbor Manila Bakery and buying a few treasures, I decided I'd give Pho Van a try.  I rarely indulge in pho since it's \n\na.  a broth- it is high in sodium\nb.  a noodle soup- it is full of empty-calorie, high-glycemic index noodles!  \n\nBut I made a deal with myself that if there is a child-size pho in the menu, and I'm allowed to order it, then I'm going to have some!  Wouldn't you know it, after surveying the apps and entree pages, there it was, on the ff. page, \"kid's bowl of pho $3.50, choice of meatballs or eyeround.\"  And yes, I, a thirty-something Filipina who is often-mistaken to be in her late-teens\/early 20's, was able to order it!  I chose the eyeround since you never know what else gets ground up and incorporated in meatballs, or other processed meats for that matter.  (Speaking of processed meats, have any of you seen the section on hotdogs on \"How it is Made\"?  I never was a fan of hotdogs save the redhots from my childhood in Manila- I loved them fried, sliced, and eaten with steamed white rice... mmmm!- anyhoo, as I was saying, I never was a fan, and that episode has me weaned off of almost all hotdogs for life!)\n\nBack to the review, the eyeround pho was deliciously good eatin'- hot, salty, broth with rings of onion and sliced green onions (scallions to some) made perfect with the addition of basil, mint, and a few squeezes of lime (comes in a separate dish with chilies- jalapenos, to which I'm allergic).  The rice noodles, most of which I left in the bowl, made a nice bed for all the flavors to marry together.  I ended the meal with che ba mau, the tri-color delight of yellow mung beans, red mung beans, green jelly, coconut milk, and shaved ice.  I did tweak it a bit and requested zero green jelly- I do not particularly enjoy chewy gelatin laced with food coloring in icy delights.  The Vietnamese version of the icy treat I remember from my childhood (halo-halo), with extra yellow beans, sent me over the moon!  \n\nNice decor, tasteful tv screens, and the staff was friendly and non-intrusive.  After some time, someone turned on modern Vietnamese pop music- the volume wasn't too loud, but a lower level would've been welcome, esp. if on a date or part of a group.  Make sure to check out the aquarium full of colorful fish!  Nice touch!