So... I guess I should preface this review with the fact that I am not a club girl.  I don't frequent clubs nor have I been to many others in Las Vegas.  I have been to Light and Haze - both of which are about 100 times better than The Bank.  I should also say that my husband and I were sort of dragged here by a group of co-workers\/friends.\n\nFirst of all, our group was promised a table, which we did not get.  At that point, I should have just left because standing on an overly crowded dance floor getting groped by broke asses is just not my thing.  The only good thing about this place is that we all got in for free and, being a lady, I got two free drink tickets.  I gave one of my tickets to a male friend and he was promptly told that he couldn't use it because he has a weenie.  So, I got his drink & a drink for myself with the two tickets.  We then made our way to the ridiculously crowded dance floor (seriously... isn't there some sort of limit to how many people are allowed in the place? & yes, I know how clubs work but for crying out loud... it was really rough) where we were yelled at if we tried to walk up to the other levels.  If we stopped for anything at all, the bouncers told us to get lost.  One positive note - the DJ was awesome!\n\nThe drinks are absurdly expensive and the bartender kept giving us one price and then saying, 'Oops.. I made a mistake, it's really (insert $5 more here)'.  I guess they were afraid of not getting a tip.  Well, they were right.  No one tipped because they kept giving everyone a higher price.\n\nI also had a really, really bad experience with the broke ass creepy dudes they let in that place.  Thank god I had my husband, a really good male friend & another dude with our party protecting me the whole time.  Now - I have to say - I don't think that I'm something special. I don't usually get mass amounts of male attention when I go out, whether to the club or just the grocery store.   I was fully clothed (I even had on a cardigan. I was not expecting to end up at da club that night.), had on light make-up and a husband in tow.  I'm pretty sure I was not giving off the come-hither vibe.  Now, I know that this isn't The Bank's fault... creepers gonna creep no matter what.  But damn... I literally had to run from these dudes!  I don't know how many times I had to say 'I'm married and my husband is right here', which they never listened to.  I even asked to be escorted to the bathroom because I was worried for my safety.\n\nThat being said - Ladies of Las Vegas, please be careful.  These dudes (& I'm sure so many other creepers in all the clubs in LV) were legit scaring the hell out of me.  Please make sure you are in groups\/have your phone\/do whatever you can to be safe.\n\nThis has been a public service announcement..... For reals though... be safe Las Vegas!!