This is a place of medical quackery.  \n\nAt the time I had my appointment (Feb\/march 2010) I was looking for alternative treatment for my on going battle with depression. \n\nI saw Dr. Michael Izquierdo.  He seemed a little baffled about how to treat me.  At the time I was vegan and she kept insisting I add eggs into my diet to which I tried to explain to him my reservations but he refused to listen to me.  To me this was very odd considering this is a \"medical\" office that claims the benefits of  raw food and even makes their own raw food products.\n\nThen he suggested a chiropractic treatment which I thought was bizarre because that is not what I came there for.  He also rudely mentioned that the reason I have a mustache (my lady 'stache) is because of a hormonal imbalance.  I told him I had blood work done recently that checked my levels including my testosterone and b12 and that I was in normal range for everything.  To which he guffawed and said you can't trust blood tests done in a non holistic drs office. \n\nThen he did this thing called applied kinesiology (wacky muscle testing) on me which I knew nothing about at the time but could pretty much tell it was a load of quackery because he started getting frustrated when I said I didn't feel anything.  Later on I did some research on this 'applied kinesiology' and found out it is pseudo science that is not recognized in the real medical community.  There is no evidence that this is an accurate way to diagnose people.  In fact it is dangerous and people have died by misdiagnosis.\n\nI then walked out of the appointment before it was over because I felt so uncomfortable and duped.  I left feeling angry and gross.   Mostly because these skeevy people are trying to sell this alternative treatment to people like me who are genuinely looking for help for our ailments.  \n\nIt is hard to find good medical treatment but please go to an actual physician!  It takes a lot of self education and questioning to get the right treatment.  If a way sounds too good to be true, it probably is.  If a place claims they can cure you with magnets or ionic foot baths or flotation tanks and raw overpriced kale chips and applied kinesiology, do your research.  Maybe it is for you but most likely you will run in the other direction after you.\n\nAlso anyone that sells self help CDs that is authored by \"God... And Dr. Keith\" with him on the cover shirtless and holding an unhappy looking baby, they are an obvious megalomaniac.  Be veeeeery weary.