Dang, I want to give this place four stars, but I can't.  The food is just too good.  Why four?  My wife and I had a reservation for 8:45 this past Saturday for our 11th anniversary.  We arrived early, at about 8:20.  We ended up waiting until 9:25 to be seated.  No huge deal, but the female front of house manager came up to us at about 9:10 and said she would comp our first round of drinks.  It never happened.  It also took us about 15 minutes to get our first drinks once seated.  I get it, it's new and it was Saturday night.  \n\nAs for the food?  Crazy.  Crazy good.  it made me forget about the rough start immediately.  We had four courses, each as good as the other.  We started with an Salami dish that came with pickled cherries, apricot, and two kinds of mustard.  Sounds odd, but you roll them all up into one bite and you understand why they make it.  I was shocked how well they balanced each other out.  \n\nSecond we had chicken marsala meatballs with roasted wild mushrooms.  I thought I knew what marsala was supposed to taste like...nope.  This was far better than any meatball and sauce I have ever had.  How did they make chicken meatballs taste that good???\n\nThird we had pasta (bucatini calabrian chili pomodoro & fresh ricotta) .  It was just as good, and now I understand why fresh pasta is key.  This dish will finally get me to break down and buy the pasta attachment for my kitchenaid mixer.  \n\nThe main course we decided on was the whole roasted chicken for two, cacciatore style.  First off, they bring the chicken in a large bowl to you from the kitchen, uncut for your inspection.  They take it back at that point and cut it for you.  This gives you time to wipe the drool up.  The flavor was amazing, and had a smoked paprika rub.  The cacciatore sauce was perfect.  \n\nOn the side we had crispy polenta with checca sauce.  I have never had polenta, so I did not know what to expect.  I was expecting something close to grits, but this was so much more.  The texture was like silk, and the flavor was mild and tasty.  \n\nThis meal was worth the wait and the price.