I would, under almost any circumstances, never write a review of a restaurant that I hadn't patronized.  There are, in this situation however, very extenuating circumstances.  I stopped there to buy take away.  I grabbed one of their menus and was on the cusp of phoning my wife to secure her requests.  \nWhat is the one thing that anybody's \"Shish Kebob House\" should sell?\nShish kebob you say?\nNot here!\nNo shish kebob, no falafel, no hummus with pita bread, (pita chips but no pita bread), no stuffed grape leaves or eggplant,  \nI felt like I was in a 1970's Saturday NIght Live sketch \"cheeseburg cheeseburg cheeseburg\", except in this case it was souvlaki, souvlaki, souvlaki. \nPork, chicken, or beef souvlaki.  If you didn't want the chicken souvlaki, you could get the chicken souvlaki without the green peppers and onions but rather placed on a bed of rice, or you could get it with green peppers and olives, cheese and rice with their \"honey gold' barbecue sauce, or if you didn't want souvlaki in any form  you could get a gyro, a chicken gyro (chicken souvlaki in a sling), a veggie pita or one of several salads. \nThat's it.\nTo flesh out the middle eastern theme, they offer both tzatziki sauce, and cucumber sauce, (also known as tzatziki sauce.) \nHappily they don't charge more if you know what tzatziki means!!\nI've patronized food trucks with more variety!\nFeeling much like a McDonald's patron finding a franchise that didn't serve a hamburger, I found myself just leaving.  Perhaps they might re-think the name, e.g. House of Souvlaki?, so as to not confuse patrons?\nTo allow for the other possibility, don't do a \"doobie\" while you write out the menu!!  You might just forget to list your signature dish, then find yourself  just scratching your head in wonder when no one orders the shish kabob!  Oh well time to light up again!!  Fortunately the menus are just photocopied pieces of paper with the address and phone hand printed on the face, so changes may be made at a whim!\nWho knows?  Next week they may offer shish kabob?