I seriously can not believe this place gets such high rep - there is a bunch of places nearby that are a 100 times better. I feel bad as every time I come to Montreal, I see a long line of people patiently waiting for this restaurant to open. \n\nFollowing all the reviews, we came in here expecting to poop ourselves with the quality of the food. I was expecting food orgasms and nothing short of it. \n\nIt's loud, obnoxious and very energetic. I guess if you are not a New Yorker who has seen a 100 identical restaurants in Lower East Side, this place must really be something special. You probably think - this is as good as it gets and think yourself a foodie. \n\nIf you are a New Yorker, this place is a dime a dozen. \n\nEating  a lb of sugar for breakfast, is not my idea for a healthy start to my day - but if you like it that way -you'll fit right in. After studying the menu, I could not find a single \"non-carbohydrate centric\" breakfast entree - nothing like simple eggs or something satiating with protein. My poor athlete husband whose whole diet evolves around protein was on the verge of tears but it was his idea to come here so he put up a tough front. \n\nI ordered what I thought was the healthiest option on the menu - a vegetable sandwich with goat cheese. The waiter has assured me in comes on the whole wheat bread. The vegetables turned out to be sliced pear\/apple type of slaw and the whole sandwich was drizzled with maple syrup on top!\n\nI asked for an extra egg as a side to my sandwich and offered to pay whatever necessary - and they said they couldn't do it. Let me just repeat it to show how ridiculous it sounds: they could not boil an egg. \n\nAfter traveling all over the world and eating anywhere from the tiniest holes in the wall in the poorest of villages to world's best restaurant, this is a first time I come across the restaurant that's incapable of boiling an egg or doing any request off the menu.  It's a complete opposite of any European restaurant that'll cook whatever you want for a paying customer and is a really just a step up from cafeteria if the menu is this prefixed. \n\nTo finish our meal, since we didn't really eat either one of our breakfast entrees - we ordered a granola to split - it probably came in with what looked like quarter lb of jam underneath it, jam as in like straight up jam. \n\nWhile we were miserable and hungry, next to me, people were happily devouring what looked like 3000 worth of calories in waffles and a panini that was made with a giant loaf of bread. \n\nAll in all, I'm sure this is a great place for some but certainly overhyped and not for those who like to have healthy nutritious low-carbohydrate breakfast.