LVH is a toss up between a 3 stars and 4 stars. I opted for 4 stars because my experience wasn't just \"ah ok\" . . . and I believe I can say I am more of a fan than not.\n\nWe were staying in Las Vegas for a family reunion and all the hotels my family prefers couldn't accommodate the size of my family (5 adults) at a reasonable price. Most hotels wanted to give us 2 rooms for about $100-$130 a night each, not awful but nothing special.\n\nWe came across a deal at LVH for a hotel suite for $124 a night which came with 3 queen beds, which was outstanding when comparing it to the offers of the other hotels. We booked 2 nights in the suite, however when we got there we opted out of the 2nd night because most of our family was heading back the next day so it would've been pointless for us to stay. They gave us no problems when it came to canceling; we didn't even have to deal with a cancellation fee which is rare.\n\nThe LVH is off the strip and probably not walking distance to the strip for most people. \n\nThe overall hotel is quite big in my opinion; they have different towers, stores and structures which makes it feel like any other hotel on the strip. They have slots, tables, electronic poker and a sports bar. Their sports bar is probably one of the nicest I have seen in a long time. They have scoreboards nicely organized with all the bets as well as multiple big screens displaying different games. They also had individual cubicles where you can sit and research different teams and their stats. \n\nThe Room\nOur suite was far from a suite . . . it was two separate hotel rooms connected with a conjoining door in both rooms. One room was a regular King Bedroom and the other was a regular Two Queen Bedroom. Essentially we got two rooms for practically the price of one. Technically, I should have been upset because we didn't get exactly what we were promised. However, I think we ended up with something better. We were able to separate ourselves from my parents as well as have our own bathroom. \n\nComplaints\nLike others have said on here the bathroom has a few flaws. Our showerhead was extremely weak and made it extremely hard for me to wash my hair and the drain in the tub was really slow. . . to the point were water wasn't going down in a steady flow. Normally I wouldn't complain about this but my parents noticed the same thing in their rooms.\nAnother issue I had with the LVH was that housekeeping came knocking at our door at 9a.m. I understand that they might want to get a head start on their day but honestly what are the chances the guest are gone at 9a.m. especially in Las Vegas. It might be a smart idea to see who checked-out before entering someones room.\n\nTip \nThey don't have resort fees.\nThey give you $5 off if you \"Go Green\" by opting out of housekeeping.\nIt's a lot quieter than other hotels but still has the feel of a hotel on the strip.\nMake sure to run from the toilet when you flush that bad boy is POWERFUL!