It was either Spearmint Rhino or Sapphire's, but I leaned towards Sapphire's since many said it's like Costco. And, I like Costco. \n\nI booked one of their VIP packages through their online reservation system. I called for a limo to pick both my wife and I up, and they sent transportation down within 20 minutes. We had a black Hummer limo waiting for us which looked like it could've fit 15 people and we were the only couple the driver picked up before dropping us off in the front. \n\nOnce we got in past the front door, I presented my payment printouts to the cashier behind the cage and she took a long time to find and verify I paid. Their organization of paperwork was very poor from what I noticed and everything wasn't filed in a manner easy to find. I waited almost 30 minutes before they could settle everything. Once I was lead to the host, I was immediately shoved to the side until I presented my printouts and told the host I was VIP. Then his attitude changed, and I was directed to a table. \n\nLong story short: \nTopless dancers only. Waitress great. Drinks great. Good, bad, and some awesome eye candy. My wife and I had a great time after we had a couples dance in the VIP room. The dancers are drawn more towards groups than couples. Lucky, Lucky, me love you long time! \n\nGetting there was a piece of cake after calling the complimentary limo phone number, but getting back with the house limo was another thing. With a busy Saturday night, only taxis are available for immediate rides. If you want to take the house limo back, be prepared for a long wait. Plus, you have to wait in the back of the place where their valet parking lot is located. We waited more than 1.25 hours before a limo swung by and it was cold outside at 12:30 AM. At least the wait time helped me sober up after 8 drinks. \n\n3 stars particularly for the waitress, transportation, and our VIP dancer. I docked 2 stars for the unorganized bouncers and cashier. Next time, I'll go to Spearmint Rhino. Hopefully, I'll have a better experience.