For some time my girlfriend has always wanted to get me a massage but it never happened. With her birthday coming up next month I thought to give her one.\n\nI did not realize this place was located in Scott Town Center. I stopped in the other day and made an introductory apt for a facial. The staff was extremely nice and was able to get one fairly quickly. After completing the necessary paperwork I was taking into a semi dark lounging area while I waited to meet with Felicia who would be working on me. In the small lounge they have a sweet aroma burning to get you into the relaxing mode.\n\nI met with her at my prescribed time. This place is small so there are no changing areas outside of the room you are assigned to. Once changed I got under the blanket and she surveyed my face, neck, and shoulders for problem areas and advised treatment. I did find the table I was laying on a bit uncomfortable at first but she put a knee roll underneath to help me feel more comfortable.\n\nShe explained every aspect of the treatment she was doing and what purpose it served. Although the facial focuses on the head and neck she does do some light shoulder work to help soften the tissue. It felt very soothing and comfortable and before I knew it my 60 minute session was over. She left the room again so I could dress and look at myself in the mirror. She also gave me a sample cream to use on my problem lips that always seem to be chapped and want to peel.\n\nEvolve offers both the facial and a massage at an introductory rate which is about $20.00 off the normal rate. Let me say this, I've never had to pay less than $100.00 minimum for such a fantastic treatment. You add the amount of your tip when they bill you before leaving. I booked a return visit in May and will be scheduling a massage in the near future.\n\nThey carry their own product line if you wish to purchase anything. You're paying roughly the same amount that you would at one of those high end stores such as Nordstrom's. What's also nice is that you can purchase a membership which like a gym will deduct the amount from your card on file so you can save about $20.00 on either a massage or a facial.\n\nAnother option they give you is a prepaid package which ranging from 3-12 months which entitles you to the same choices. It at least gives you the chance to alternate from one to another. Gift packages are available as well which will be the right choice for me to give my friend.\n\nPlease note that their services can be either 60 or 90 minutes and priced accordingly. They have their own website so you can understand completely their policies and book from the comfort of your own home. \n\nThey also offer specialty services such as waxing or special treatments for an additional fee. Be sure to check with the person you are working with.