What a horrible dealership. I bought a 2013 Honda Accord from this place recently and the process couldn't have been more excruciating. \n\n1. During the deal I asked the salesman for free accessories and asked for free floormats. He said they were included. What he MEANT to say was that it included was free carpet floormats... something every new car has and is obviously not an accessory. I had to push after the sale to get the floormats that I was promised. That's the first piece of slyness.\n\n2. They wrote the wrong name on the ownership papers. For whatever reason they put my father's name on the papers. I suspect it's because we traded in his car and that car was under his name. The salesman insisted it was the government's fault and that it was no problem, but that they would correct it ASAP. I sure as heck don't believe that since the government wouldn't have any reason to put my father's name as the owner of this car, but the dealership obviously made a mistake.\n\n3. When talking to the warranty salesman, he sold us the Leaseguard that Honda now offers. My parents thought it was only $50 more in terms of the total payment and asked the salesman this. He confirmed this. After I got home and looked through the numbers, it turned out to be $200. Apparently this is still a deal, but I was still pissed about how the guy was a weasel and lied to our faces about the numbers.\n\n4. And the straw that broke the camel's back. My parents are leasing a Honda and 2 different salespeople there told me that I would get the loyalty bonus in the form of a leasing rate reduction as long as my driver's license had the same address as on my parent's ownership papers on the Honda. At no point in time did they note there was any uncertainty or doubt in their claims. Lo and behold a few weeks after I've gotten my car delivered, they call me (and my family) relentlessly to ask for my father to cosign the lease agreement because that is the only way for Honda Canada to honour the loyalty bonus. I asked why they didn't say this earlier and they said it was out of their hands and tried blamed it on Honda Canada. Hey wait a minute... who were the guys that told me with confidence that we just had to have the same address? Now they have to waste my time and my parents time for their mistake? Ugh.\n\nNow the salesman really pushed for getting perfect 10s when Honda would call me to survey about my experience. I agreed at that point. That was after even the first 3 strikes. However, after the constant harrassment by the other salesman regarding the loyalty bonus, they lost those perfect 10s that they didn't deserve in the first place. Never again Honda. I'm not going to buy a car ever again unless you can cut the dealership out of the process and buy directly via the internet. No dishonesty, no haggling, and no annoyance.