I took my BMW here because the dealership I purchased it from (used) took it here to have an oil leak repaired.  First off, the oil leak was \"repaired\" only to find out later that it really wasn't.  Turns out there was a slit (cut) in the valve cover gasket, which either occurred when this shop put the part in, or they purchased it with the defect, but either way, the problem was missed on their part, which tells me they do not pay attention to detail.  \n\nSo, when we noticed the leak was still an issue, it was under warranty through this shop for the original work, so I took it back.  I spent a few hours waiting since I live in the far east valley, they did repair it, however later that day my \"service engine\" light came on, then went off.  A few days later, I parked my car, turned it off, and went to start it again after picking up my mail, and the car would not start.  Thankfully, my husband is a mechanic (the only reason he did not fix the oil leak the 2nd time around was because it was under warranty), we towed my vehicle back to my house, which was only down the road, but it was dead.  Come to find out, the cam positioning sensor had not been plugged back into the vehicle all the way, which is what tripped my \"service engine\" light a couple of days before, and once it became looser over the course of driving the vehicle, the vehicle finally wouldn't start.  My husband plugged this in completely (like it should have been doen at the shop after fixing the oil leak), and there have been zero issues since.\n\nNow, I'm not sure if this shop did this on purpose, or if they just do not pay attention to detail very well.  But, given that something as simple as an oil leak required TWO visits due to a part that they either didn't notice was defective or they messed up themselves, and then they did not finish putting the vehicle back together when they were finished, I am not very happy.  On top of it, I had to have my vehicle towed (thank goodness for towing on my insurance!), and had to deal with a dead vehicle when my school aged son, and I were both sick at the time.\n\nI would NEVER recommend this shop to anyone, I will never ever go back, and I also intend on notifying the dealership I purchased my vehicle from of the issues in the hopes that they choose another BMW shop in the future to service any used BMW's that come onto their lot.  What a complete and utter nightmare.