It's our first day in Las Vegas for my best friend's 21st birthday. We spent a solid five hours walking down the Strip, mingling with the crowd, and popping inside the casinos\/bars. While walking to the Sahara we both felt that untimely rumble in our stomachs. It was that rumble that happens when you're about to die of hunger. While walking through the casino we stumbled upon the Nascar Cafe and I immediately remembered it from Man V. Food. Adam Richmond attempted the B3 (Big Badass Burrito) Challenge. It's a six pound, twenty-four inch burrito. When we walked inside we passed the window display that proudly presents the challenge in all of its glory.\n\nWe told our server that we both wanted to attempt the challenge. We then told him that we knew we weren't going to finish so we didn't want to make a big deal about it. He then told us \"We have to make a big deal.\" Awesome. We were then escorted over to the \"Challenge area\" where two tables we waiting for us (one had a Man V. Food cover displaying the challenge).\n\nAfter about ten minutes of waiting and sweating bullets, out of nowhere we were blind sided. We heard over the loud speaker the voice of our server. Great. \"Attention everyone! We have two men that are attempting the B3 Challenge. They have ninety minutes to finish a six pound, twenty-four inch burrito. It's made with four extra large tortillas, shredded beef, beans, rice, jalapenos, sour cream, guacamole, cheese, chives, olives, nacho cheese, and covered in an enchilada sauce.\" Whoa whoa whoa! My friend and I were then bombarded with all of the other diners gathering around us, taking tons of photos, and joking about how crazy we were. Then came the burritos. My god. They were ginormous. No, wait, ginormous doesn't do them justice (see photos).\n\nThe pitchers of water and seemingly minuscule forks were all we had to help us tackle these mammoth burritos. For the first seventeen minutes we ate continuously. After that we had the feeling that Adam Richmond describes as the \"food wall\". We couldn't take another bite. Now remember, we have ninety minutes to finish the entire thing. After these first few minutes we took about four or five bites before the time ran out. Even those bites were near impossible to swallow. The ninety minutes seemed to fly by though especially because people were constantly coming up to us and asking us about the burritos. Each and every one of them were in complete amazement in regards to the size and also at our sheer stupidity for even trying to complete the thing. We were also constantly bombarded with flashes from the tourists' cameras. We were almost like celebrities!\n\nAfter the ninety minutes were up, we held our heads in shame while also holding in our puke. I don't mean to be graphic, but it's definitely justified. Our server came by and handed us our shameful T-shirts (The front says \"Certified Weenie\" and the back says \"I was defeated by the B3 Burrito\") and again, our picture was taken. This time it was different though. It wasn't a passing tourist or one of the many people cheering us on from the bar (thanks guys if you're reading this!). No, instead it was our server taking our Wall of Shame photo. Ugh.\n\nThe burrito itself was actually really good. Although the shredded beef and enchilada sauce were pretty salty. This review is slightly biased because now every time I think of the burrito I get sick to my stomach. The experience, the meeting of tons of random strangers, as well as the millions of laughs we had during the ninety minutes is definitely a 5\/5 star rating. However, the burrito itself is only a 1\/5 rating. The burrito was extremely tasty and a normal human-sized serving would probably have a higher rating. But as I said before, just the thought of the burrito brings back my shameful failure as well as the nauseating feeling I had for the rest of the day.