There's only a few things out there I'm known to spark into a heated rant about and the crummy state of the taxi industry in this car dependant city is one of them. So here we go!\nI'm just waiting for the day an independent Taxi alternative transportation company comes along and makes this sad, disorganized dinosaur of a company and system extinct. Give me Uber, give me Lyft, or give me a local version like that.\n\nIf you're able to flag a cab down and you have cash, you might be able to get a ride, but other than that, Checker Yellow Cabs are a joke of a service. It's funny how many cars just happen to have a broken debit\/credit machine and will only take cash. Here's an insider tip: They just don't want to claim the trip and they're lying to you. If you tell them you have cash, the debit\/credit machine will magically work when you reach your destination. They'll be mad at you, but they'll somehow figure out how to fix that machine.\n\nIf you've ever wanted to cruise down your residential street at 90km\/hr you'll love Checker Yellow Cabs.\n\nIf you're looking for a great excuse to miss your flight, you should definitely call Checker Yellow Cabs. They're happy to not show up at all.\n\nIf you want to listen to someone complain about the dispatch system non-stop (and rightfully so!) give Checker Yellow Cabs a shout, they'll rant far more than I'm doing right here.\n\nYes, these are all first hand experiences that I've been fortunate to experience multiple times.\n\nTo the drivers who are awesome, friendly and do their job very well - I hope changes come along that benefit you. \n\nYes, many of these problems have to do with the drivers but I don't blame them one bit. I'm sure they're inherently good people, but they aren't receiving incentive in the proper way. There's no accountability to either drivers and passengers. I want taxi drivers that show up, and they want customers that also show up. If there was someway to reward the ones that do (Yelp style rating system perhaps? :D ) for both drivers and customers I think we'd be better off. Instead they get to act however unprofessional they want because what are you gonna do about it? Customers also get to act badly because what are the drivers going to do about it? \n\nDuring peak hours, unless you're downtown and able to flag a ride, don't count on getting a taxi. They don't take calls and even if they did there's aren't enough cars to go around. Calgary taxi companies always seem to explain that it's a balancing act. They can't put more cars on the road because then there are way too many cars in the non-peak hours and then drivers starve. What I don't get is why it seems like every single car needs to be run by a full-time driver. If you only make money when there are available fares, why are you wasting your time sitting around looking for passengers when there are none? Why can't classic supply and demand balance this out? If you're not making an acceptable amount of money, go do something else. When there's money to be made in with your cab, get out there and get some!  This will balance the number of cabs out so that we have the right amount on the road all the time. Instead, we're stuck with far too many full time time cab drivers during slow hours and not even close to enough at the peak hours. So much so that there are gypsy cabs everywhere in Calgary. People see a market for more cabs, so individuals are out there illegally offering people rides in exchange for money. Cab companies, why don't you want to cash in on this? Gypsy cabs are dangerous because you have no idea who you are getting into a car with. But, if there was some sort of regulatory company to legitimize the drivers this would be an insanely profitable venture!\n\nAt the end of the day, what are you gonna do? Until one of these companies sees the benefits to overhauling their system we're stuck with one crummy cab service. It's only a matter of time before the legalities of a cab alternative get ironed out. I think it would be wise to make some quality investments in making yourselves relevant.