Oh Waffles Cafe, I really wanted you to be amazing but I left disappointed, only eating a few bites of my meals that I paid over $20 for. I literally left the food to go eat somewhere else. I was super excited to eat here too because there have been some many five star reviews. I'm leaving two stars because the restaurant was clean and the staff was kind but I was not a fan of my meal at all.\n\n When we walked in we were greeted warmly and I was getting hungry right away. The restaurant is a cute little mom & pop type business with 15 or so table tops and a smaller breakfast bar against the window. The first odd thing I noticed when I walked in was that even after being greeted by the staff behind the counter I wasn't sure if I should seat myself, wait to be seated, or walk to the counter and order. \n\nI could go down the road of pointing out the things I didn't like about our meal, but instead I feel that some constructive criticism might be helpful: \n\n1. The menu is laid out funk and it was hard for me to follow along. It took me a few minutes to figure out what in the heck was going on. I like the idea that you can build your own waffle but making toppings all different prices had me scratching my head. I had no idea what I was spending.....just blindly ordering and I wasn't a fan. \n\n2. The fruit in the fresh fruit did not taste fresh. Mostly it was the bananas that stood out to me. An old banana has a very distinct taste, and I wasn't excited about it. At first glance it looked amazing, but I couldn't say the same after I tasted it. The fruit wasn't cut into nice pieces, it was chopped into lots of smaller pieces that seemed odd. Lets call it more like a diced fruit bowl. \n\n3. We received our meal at different times. First the waffle, then the fruit, then our drinks, then the food they forgot we ordered. By the time all of the food had been delivered on paper plates and bowels I just wanted to leave and did. There were two other customers in the restaurant at the same time as us and they too were asking for the missing items they had ordered.\n\n4. I didn't enjoy the flavor of the waffle batter. It was almost tasted like a sourdough waffle. If you're a fan of sourdough, and I know there are lot of people who are, you may have enjoyed it. For me, it didn't taste at all like my grandmothers waffles on Sunday mornings, and thats the flavor I'm looking for!