I called ASAP after we had a small leak at a rental property. It turned into a strange situation with many plumbers involved (thru our home warranty company) each who tried to make us believe there was water damage and said we should call a restoration company. Last year we had a nightmare experience with a leak in our kitchen. The plumber recommended a restoration company and it ended up with a home owners insurance claim of over $20,000. They charged for asbestos testing which they claimed came back positive, dry out which took days and then demo and construction. It took months to get the kitchen put back together after they insisted cabinets needed replaced. They broke our granite counter top and replaced it with a premade one from homedepot. They told us they'd get us a whole new kitchen and no out of pocket cost for us. Unfortunately the kitchen turned out worse than before and I NOW believe it was all unnecessary. \nSo when we had this leak, I knew not to call the company the plumbers worked with. I was afraid to call any restoration company. But as a landlord I felt it was important to make sure everything was okay. One plumber had implied he saw mold inside the wall even said he thought he saw a mushroom! I had to have it checked out. I went to google and searched--- I had it in my mind that I needed to call one that advertised \"no out of pocket cost\", but the ones that said that had awful reviews. So thankfully I called ASAP. When I called I got to speak to the owner. He was quick to calm me down and told me that it's not uncommon for plumbers to suggest water damage when there isn't any. I mentioned wanting \"no out of pocket cost\" and he took the time to explain to me how those companies make their money- in short, they make claims to the insurance companies for way more than is necessary. He told me that a high amount of people who call him turn out to NOT need restoration. So he does charge to check it, but his price was reasonable. I spoke to my husband about it and we agreed that it's better to pay a small amount for an honest inspection than to get a \"free\" inspection like we did last time and have our home owners insurance charged thousands of dollars and our tenants to go thru what we went thru before. \nWhen I called ASAP back to schedule, the owner came out that same day. He came in and quickly determined no restoration was required. He even noticed some things that the plumber had done that I should be concerned about and talked to me for a while about the situation. He took lots of pictures and showed me how the equipment worked. It was the complete opposite of the bad experience we had with our previous water problem. I wish we had called ASAP the last time. Anyways, I have no complaints about ASAP. I would, and will, recommend them to anyone who needs an honest inspection after a water leak or any contamination they deal with. It's a vulnerable position to be in as a home owner when water damage is suspected. I believe there are a lot of companies willing and able to take advantage of people (and insurance companies, which costs you money later) in this business. I could've easily been convinced that we were at risk for mold by a dishonest contractor- and I could have been made to agree to lots of unnecessary work. \nASAP was a blessing in a stressful situation for us.