SLS Las Vegas Hotel\nVACATION FROM HELL\nThe meaning is supposed to be Style, Luxury, Service and it was far from it.  I think the best way to sum this up is to tell you day by day on my 4 night stay at SLS HELL! I booked this hotel as it was a new hotel and a killer deal, and now I know why.\nDay 1:\nI came in after my flight from Seattle in the morning and was dropped off at the hotel in the early afternoon.  Upon check in there was a crowd in the lobby and everyone was trying to check in with no organization at all. I went to try and check in a few times but people were jumping in front of one another.  I finally got to a front desk clerk named (Christopher). I spoke to him and he greeted me and asked me which room I would like and I asked him if he could show me the room as there weren't pics on their website. Chirs then said, \"Let me go and find out and it shouldn't be a problem.\" He left then came back and we started talking about the rooms. In the middle of our conversation we were interrupted but by a woman named, China. I later found it she was a Frontend manager. She asked Chris if these were the keys that he made for the room for me to view and he responded with yes. She took them and handed them over the counter and to another guy who just walked right up. I looked at her and said, \"Excuse me, but I was here first.\" Her response to me was that's the president's brother of the company. I replied with, \"I don't care who he is as I am a paying guest.\" I was ignored and he left with my keys and she left the counter. Chris apologized over and over again and agreed that it was up called for that maybe that the behavior was uncalled for?  Chris showed me the rooms and I picked which the one I wanted. We went down stairs downstairs and he gave me my key and I went to my room to freshen up and hit the pool after my flight from Seattle.\nI got to my room and started to change out of my jeans and I had my shoes off and just socks on and went to the restroom. I was standing there about to use the restroom and next thing I felt is wetness on my socks. I was so grossed out as I looked down and there is urine all around the toilet seat.  I call guest services and they tell me they will have room service come up and clean it. I was like no way! I want a new room. They responded by saying to me, I will transfer you to the front desk. Just seems like desk services couldn't do anything.  I get the front desk on the line and tell then them what happen happened and was told they didn't have another room and that's when I asked for a manager. The woman on the phone told me to hold and I packed my stuff up and she came back on the phone and then said, \"We are bringing up a key for another room\".  Thirty minutes later they show showed up and I went to the next room and got situated.Day 2:\nI left for a bit ad then came back an hour half later. No room service. I call again, wait around 30 mins, no room service, and call again. I go down to the pool and come back after hour and again no room service. I called the Frontend Manager ask to speak with whoever is in charge and they tell me it is someone named Nick. I never hear from him and then finally call again and ask for his boss and then finally get James. He removed the extra service charge that all Vegas hotels give of $25 a day. So the next thing happened later that night after being out all night long the night before. I was exhausted and came in early to sleep for the night but wanted to watch some TV in bed while I passed out. The TV doesn't work. I call for service on it and I am told they are on their way. I have to dress back into my clothes and stay up for them. I wait for 40 mins and then they show up at my door. Security is with the contractor guy as I am told that almost all the rooms they're having this problem and that is why the contractor is at the hotel. If you are having these problems, you'd think you would fix it before people came into their room.Day 3:\nI get up like any other day and head toward the strip for lunch with friends as I am down here with 30 plus people for a birthday party.  I come back from lunch and see my room was cleaned and I sit down to change shoes on the bed and I notice there is blood on the pillow. I am grossed out as I am not bleeding nor have blood on me anywhere. I call guest services and they tell me they will have housekeeping come and clean it. 15 mins later the housekeeping supervisor comes and sees the pillow and asks me what I would like them to do and I say clean the room. She removes the pillow herself and tells me she needs to take this to the front desk. They clean my room again. Sheets and all.Day 4:\nI go to the restroom after a nap and slip on a metal piece of the sprinkler system from inside the bathroom. The sprinkler system in the bathroom fell apart. I end up spraining my ankle and still have plans for the night to go dancing and another day in V