It's cute. \n\nI parked to get some Chipotle for lunch but figured I'd try this new spot. I remember seeing this place as it was beginning to open and I've been disappointed before by other places offering my beloved chicken gyro but what the hell... I can have Chipotle another day when I forget to bring a lunch. \n\nIt's a bit confusing for some I gather because while I pay attention to the sign that's towards the back of the restaurant indicating where orders are placed, there are some who walk right down to the back and stand right next to me rather than behind me waiting to order. They should place some signage near the doors to indicate where to go to order... some people are clueless... or just don't follow directions. Aight... I have a space issue. I don't like people up in my space. There I said it! \n\nAs regular as it is, I had to order the chicken gyro. I had to see if it would live up to my beloved chicken gyro from Greek Fiesta in the Raleigh\/Durham area and well... it did. yay! I decided on the pasta salad as the lady told me it was a pretty popular side item and I discovered it also comes with some potato chips. the pasta salad was actually pretty good. I'm not down for cold pasta but this worked, especially with a bit of saltiness from the feta. At times there was a bit too much salt from the feta and the dressing. They may want to figure out how to tone that down a bit. \n\nSo I took one star off because I get that they're trying to keep it healthy. 'ppreciate it! However, for us fatty folks or people that can splurge on their calories for a moment may appreciate some seasoned fries. Okay okay I'm just trying to turn my meal into what Greek Fiesta offers. I'm tellin you a chicken gyro with some seasoned fries be on point my people. My recommendation is that they throw that in the mix as an optional side item. You really can't go wrong. I bet that would be a great marketing \"tool\" for the younger folks who need a little fat in their lives. (not trying to make it a place for kids to kick it). But I mean you have Baklava and chocolate cakes staring me in the face when I order. Throw some fatty fries up in the mix and let's just go crazy with calories. Okay I'm done. \n\nI'll go back. I don't eat fast food but it may be worth it to drive to Bojangles to get my seasoned fries to go with my gyro.... okay enough about the fries. \n\nThey were quick and speedy with my meal. As a new place I hope they keep it up. We all know how some places like to go down hill when they've been in the game for a while.