The husband and I went to this place with a couple friends over the weekend.  I was really excited to try it actually, after checking out the menu online and reading a few reviews.  Unfortunately, I wasn't in love with the place as much as I was hoping to be.\n\nFirst I will get the bad stuff out of the way.  The place is really really cramped inside.  It was really hard for us to even get by the table next to us so we could just sit down.  It's also loaded with old people.  The service is extremely awkward and tries way too hard.  I also don't think it is too much to ask your servers to memorize the specials so they don't end up staring at their cheat sheet.  The guy we had just read it all and actually seemed surprised by some of the stuff judging by his facial expressions.  He was also really pushy with the drinks, and suggested way too many things to each person based on what he assumed we liked to drink.  Really weird in my opinion. The food is also fairly slow to come out.\n\nOkay, now that all of the bad stuff is out of the way, I can tell you about the good stuff.  The names for them are cute considering the name of the restaurant.  The menu is pretty diverse, but beware, the panini are not served after 4 pm.  After not being intrigued by any of the entrees, the husband and I decided to order a bunch of appetizers and sides to split.  We chose the Frito Misto, Mac and Cheese, Sweet Potato Fries, Garlic Mashed Potatoes, and Cornbread.  The Frito Misto was interesting, as it combined juliened carrots and calamari rings.  The carrots were absolutely delicious and the calamari was good too.  However, they apparently season the stuff with lemon and throw the lemons in the deep frier too!  On more than one occasion I mistakenly bit into a fried lemon, YUCK!  The Mac and Cheese was delicious, and a different but welcome spin on the classic.  The Sweet Potato Fries were also tasty and came with a maple dipping sauce that I LOVED.  The Mashed Potatoes were nothing spectacular, but they were tasty.  The Cornbread was quite yummy, but not what you expect.  It was served in a square cast iron skillet and was not quite bread, but rather a \"pudding\" type cornbread.  I really enjoyed it though.\n\nThis place is pretty good, don't get me wrong, but they don't deserve 4 stars right now.  I don't know if we will be back considering it is all the way out in surprise and it is pretty pricey.  If you are ever out in that part of town and looking for something a little \"nicer\" you should check it out.