Pure is a nice looking place that provided a mediocre experience.  I know that exclusivity is something that is important for night clubs in Las Vegas to have, but an upscale image becomes meaningless when you make your customers feel unwelcomed and uncomfortable.\n\nThis past Sunday was my first visit to Pure. From the time we arrived, I felt like they could care less about our enjoyment.  It was as if they were doing us a favor by even letting us in.  Our names were on a VIP list through a Las Vegas promoter that I have had great experiences using before, and they still gave us a hard time getting in.  They pushed bottle service, sent us to the wrong line, and then told me that I was lucky to get in since I was wearing sneakers as I was walking in.  I can understand that they would like for people not to wear sneakers, but they should keep the comments to themselves since we were already headed in.  There was no one else there on a Sunday night...of course they were going to let us in!  They just didn't need to make it like we were entering a maximum security military base.\n\nOnce inside, we saw that the whole lower level was closed.  The upstairs balcony was the only area open, and it was tight (as in no room!).  Half of it was roped off for bottle service, and there was only a few people who actually bought it.  It was a huge waste of space, and everyone else ended up getting funneled into the middle of the balcony.  It caused a ridiculous bottleneck to get drinks, with the narrowest part being right in the middle of the dance floor.  Navigating around Pure was such a pain! Having to walk through the crowded dance floor every time I wanted to get a drink made it not worth the trouble.  They could easily solve the problem by having another bar on the opposite side as well.\n\nThe music at Pure was okay.  It was pretty good to begin with, but inexplicably got slower as the night went on.  It was more up tempo when we got there, and by the time we left it was just depressing.  The DJ was also not the greatest at mixing the music, so it was kind of a buzz kill.  \n\nPure is a nice looking place, but was not as fun as it should have been.  With a few minor adjustments, Pure could offer a really great experience.  It is just not a customer friendly place, and was uncomfortable to be at from the start.  There are lot of other night clubs in Las Vegas that do a better job about making the experience fun, and I will stick with those places until Pure adjusts its environment.