Yep, as soon as the hype dies down just a little bit, this will probably be my go-to store. I've been here twice now, once just to check it out and grab a few unique things and again with a shopping list. It looks like you could save quite a bit of money shopping here without compromising on quality.\n\nMy first visit was a bit crowded. I don't think there was anything LIDL could have done to remedy the colossal turnout on their second day open. It was getting to the point where the fire marshall would probably have something to say about the amount of people in that place.\n\nThat being said, there were a few hiccups. Plenty of associates sampling private label brand products, but unfortunately not very knowledgeable on what the product was. Both times I've visited they were sampling cheeses. The first time the employee couldn't tell me what kind of cheese it was as she was just covering for someone else for a moment. The second time, they had this delightful fig and olive cracker with a zesty brie, and the associate had to ask two people where the crackers were in the store. Other than that, the only other issue I saw was one man attempting to operate a powered pallet jack on the floor while customers were packed around him shoulder to shoulder. Didn't seem safe at all and most grocery stores have a policy that no power jacks are allowed on the floor while the store is open to customers. Probably a bit of an oversight.\n\nAll the criticism aside, I was still pretty impressed with the value and quality of their fresh selections. Their Bakery items are super cheap and delicious. Produce looks top notch and the biggest difference from your typical store is that it's still in its packaging from their supplier instead of laid out in bins. I honestly believe it's a better practice because it's easier for the store to rotate product and keep it as fresh as possible.\n\nIf you do a lot of cooking at home, this store could become your favorite place to shop. Everything I've bought from their perishable departments so far has been indistinguishable from any other store. Their dairy goods are top notch and I couldn't believe the variety particularly in the cheese section. I've already made a couple of home dishes with fresh products solely from LIDL and plan to do more, very impressed.\n\nSome last minute side notes: Bags are free right now for grand opening, but they regularly retail for 10 cents per paper bag. You don't have to bring a quarter for shopping carts like you do at ALDI. Expect this place to be super slammed with people for the next 4-6 weeks, just bring your patience! Fresh\/Perishable departments have a wide variety, dry-goods and non-perishable have a more limited variety. 90% of products sold here are LIDL private label brand.\n\nOverall this looks Ike a great addition to Concord. Bring your reusable bags and rethink your grocery shopping!