interestingly enough, it was pretty f***ng good!\n\nI'll preface this review by saying I have not watched Gordon Ramsay's show, but have come to know if his rep via social media and news outlets.  Our family had dined at this location two years ago post Celine Dion show, and we looked forward to returning on our most recent Vegas vacation.\n\nNOTE:  \nReservations made via Open Table.  Making a res proved to be good idea as the pub was quite busy when my mom and I arrived at five minutes to the hour. \n\nSETTING:\nThe restaurant is located on the casino level, LITERALLY across from the entrance to the Colosseum venue.  I'm sure one could not miss Chef Ramsay's name in bright lights (I'm sure he wouldn't have it any other way).  We checked in and briefly waited on the side for the hostess to show us to our seats.  The pub is simply decorated, and pays homage to its origins by way of a keg wall separating seating sections.  \n\nFOOD:\nHaving studied the menu on the website, I knew I wanted to order the Shepard's Pie while my  mom chose the salmon.  We each ordered a cocktail as well; Goodbye Blue Sky for the lady, and the Mules Hind Leg (their version of the Moscow Mule) for myself.  I just loved the Shepard's Pie!  It was a perfectly sized portion and prepared well.  The top layer of potatoes is a bit deceiving of the dish, which is revealed brimming with filling as soon as you breach the surface.  A good dish indeed.  My mom absolutely loved her dinner entree.  She couldn't stop gushing about the salmon being prepared to her liking, as well as the numerous greens and vegetables on her plate.  \n\nSERVICE:\nVery outstanding.  Our server was an extremely nice, polite, and all around friendly guy.  He expertly answered our questions about the menu, and we appreciated his patience while we looked over the menu.  Needless to say, he truly made our evening a truly positive dining experience overall.\n\nBOTTOM LINE:\nGreat service.  Well prepared food.  Good energy.  Thanks Chef.....I'll be back for more Shepard's Pie.