With everything that people have wrote about this place, I had high expections.\n\nWhat was good about this place? Probably the ice tea and the crab rangoons that were complimentary because we had to wait an hour for our reservation that we made 3 days ago.\n\nFirst off, we were in a very large party that took up two of the hibachi grills. The waitress was already pissed because half of use didn't want hibachi, which isn't our fault because the birthday girl wanted hibachi style. \n\nThis review is basically based off of service and a la carte. I ordered the spicy seafood+ a salmon roll and my boyfriend ordered the teriyaki chicken. Before I even get to how the food tasted, I need to add that I asked one of the managers?? In a blue button up for a spoon, just because, well, I wanted a spoon to get the sauce\/soup of my spicy seafood. The guy looked at me, then looked at my food and gave me a disgusted look and asked why. He had the nerve to say, \"I was wondering why you needed a spoon.\" I did not know I needed to explain myself as in why I needed a spoon in a first place??????? ANYWAYS, The spicy seafood was basically fake spicy mushroom 1\/4 seafood. It literally tasted like just soy sauce\/oyster sauce with sugar. It tasted better eating it with sriracha sauce. My boyfriends chicken teriyaki tasted so rubbery and the sauce tasted like the smell of cleaning chemicals for the bathroom. I don't know if it's because I'm Asian and like a lot of flavor or what it is because even my cousins Kalbi short ribs were lifeless and rubbery. My salmon roll was no big deal, the simplest dish... But.... The salmon just seemed warm and not fresh at all. \n\n\nI would definitely not recommend this place to anyone. The service was terrible. I don't know how many times we had to ask for drink refills. I guess for experience, you should try hibachi, but there are other places that would far more be worth it than this place. If it wasn't for the automatic gratuity, I don't even know how much I would even want to tip. After the first 5 minutes of sitting in the restaurant I was pissed. The only thing that saved this place from getting no stars, and the fact that you can't give 0 stars if you want to give a review, was the waitress named Ren. She was very nice.