Oh me, oh my, there is a Five Guys near me now!  Oh happy day!\n\nWe were heading over to a different place for lunch when we saw that a Five Guys had moved in next door.  Sorry other place, you just got bumped for Five Guys!\n\nFirst let me tell you that I am a burger lover.  I am always trying to find a great burger wherever I  am.  When I was in Kenya a couple of years back, I almost died because there weren't burger places in the Safari-lands.  I went 3 weeks without a burger and almost died, I swear!  So whenever I find a great burger joint, it makes my day and I love to spread the word.\n\nSo we walked into the store and all you can smell is wonderful, meaty goodness.  I knew my mind was about to be blown and boy was it!  We walked up to order and that is when I saw the wall of options you can get on your burger for no extra charge.  You can go simple or crazy and everything is the same price.  I love condiments, so I was really happy with the extra options like A1, BBQ, and hot sauce.  Life needs spice, so might as well add it to the burger, right?\n\nWe waited a few minutes for our burgers and that is when I saw the Coca-Cola machine of my dreams.  So many options to customize your drink.  I love soda, almost as much as burgers, so I was in heaven.  It was almost overwhelming to have so many options.  I was just happy that I was able to try out several different soda combinations during our visit.  I think I drank my entire month's allotment of soda during this one visit, but it was worth it baby!\n\nAnd then the fun began because our burgers were ready.  The first bite of my delicious burger made me see stars, in a good way.  I even chewed slowly to make the moment last longer.  I had juices and sauces all over my face and running down my hands, but I was in love.  Sorry hubby, the burger may have bumped ahead of you on my love meter!\n\nNow every burger needs some fries and the fires here do the job well!  They do a cute thing here by posting where the potatoes that your fries are made out of were grown.  It is fun to know such a little detail.  My fries came from Boise, ID, in case you were wondering.  We each got an order of the Five Guys Style and the Cajun flavor and loved both of them, but we only needed one order between the 3 of us.  I think one order would feed a small family, so keep that in mind when you order your fries.  They were great fries though.  You can tell that they are fresh cut and fried right away.  They were yummy and delightful.\n\nAnother thing I really liked was that they label each burger.  It is nice just to look for your burger # on the top of the burger, than having to open each lovely present to check and see if it is yours or not.  Great idea Five Guys!\n\nSo yes, I have a new burger place for when I am on the go.  I am lucky that one isn't too too close, otherwise I might end up being 500lbs.  If you haven't tried Five Guys, go do it now!