I really thought I liked this place the first time I went 2 years ago, but I've been here 2 times already this year and I'm just like, why did I think I liked this place again? \n\nDon't get me wrong, it's oooookay but nothing to write home about.  BUT, I thought it was time to finally write a review. I forgot to take pictures because I don't really care to take pictures here lol.\n\nI usually start my buffet experience at the salad bar and Spoonful's salad bar is a disappointment. I mean they don't even have pasta salad! What the heck, isn't that standard? So I usually just end up getting some romaine lettuce and the mango salad. I do have to admit they have a wide selection of dressings. I personally like the house herb vinaigrette. \n\nThe only soup I go for is the hot and sour, my fave! I can't complain about Spoonfuls version. Lots of big pieces of tofu. Just the way I like it.\n\nI feel like for the \"main food\" you kinda get everything you want in the first round and by the second round you don't really know what to get. Maybe because I'm picky, maybe because I'm not the greatest person to take to a buffet but that's how I feel. The only thing I usually want to go back for is surprisingly their mash potatoes and chicken wings. The wings are HUGE and it's not all breading. Buuut by the time I'm done my first \"hot food\" plate, I'm stuffed. Hello! I got everything I wanted already! I literally get the same things every time I'm here. Aka I've only been here 3 times.\n\nI do enjoy their different cheesecakes and the cappuccino ice cream. I think their gummy candy bar is weird and gross. There's defs multiple people putting their hands in there. Luckily, I don't like candy and even if I did, I'm not wasting my stomach space on candy!\n\nAnyways, I would never choose to go here. I'm more of a sit down AYCE girl. Aka Spoon and Fork or Sushi and by sushi I mean everything on those menus but the sushi.\n\nIt's an easy choice though for special occasions or when you have a large party, so I understand why the place is always poppin.