I decided to eat unhealthy tonight, That is correct, you heard me UNHEALTHY. Where could I find an unhealthy meal? This should not be to hard I have many choices. Ah! a steakhouse is a good start. \n\nI knew I was off to a great start when I walked into the bar area to sit at a high table for two and I began breathing in a stream of second hand smoke. I looked over towards the bar to see who was assisting in my quest for an unhealthy meal. It was coming from a couple with matching bowling shirts at the end of the bar. She was blowing smoke like a broken radiator hose in a Mack truck. I am thinking this meal is going beyond unhealthy, it might kill me. \n\nThe service was slow even though the place was not crowded. I ordered a glass of Chateau Ste. Michelle, Indian Reserve Cabernet. \nThey actually poured a full 6 ounces in my glass.\n\nMy server finally showed up after a long wait and I ordered the large fillet and mushroom sides, knowing it would be prepared in lots of unhealthy butter. That is a Ruth Chris signature on steak preparation. Marinade it lots of butter and then pour more butter on top right before you serve it on an extremely hot plate. I was well on my way to having an unhealthy meal. \n\nThe steak arrived on the white plate heated to ??? degrees. The steak was standing in a pool of butter and additional butter was jumping off the edges of the plate due to the sizzling effect. The large mushrooms were glistening from the butter coating and almost floating in the butter. Man, I am really living on the edge! \n\nThe server warned me of the hot plate heated to ??? degrees and placed it 3\" from me on the table. I could feel the intense heat from the plate and I stared in amazement as the 200+ degree sizzling butter splattered onto my $125 shirt. I am now thinking not only will I eat unhealthy but I can trash one of my favorite shirts at the same time. \n\nI started in on the mushrooms and sure enough they tasted buttery. I liked the mushrooms, very tasty. The steak was cooked medium (pink in the center) and had a odd shape for a fillet. The steak tasted very average and actually had a few tough spots which is unusual for a center cut fillet. \n\nI finished up and felt that I had accomplished my goal of eating an unhealthy meal. I was all buttered up inside and out, thanks to the server putting the plate of spattering butter right next to me. My lungs were full of second hand smoke and I was on a red meat overdose. \n\nThis is just another corporate steakhouse environment. Hit or miss on the food quality and not in the same league as the Ruth Chris in Annapolis, Md. As I write this review I am soaking the shirt I wore the other night to Ruth Chris in Wisk laundry detergent in an attempt to get the butter stain out. I might write a review about Wisk.