I went in with a laundry list of issues to have looked at.  I paid double to go here rather than to my primary dr. because primary would only address 1 or 2 issues at a time.  Seriously?  Anyway I called around and Nextcare said we will take care of all of it.  For instance sore elbow, need a prescription filled, feeling sick, rash.  Dr. ignored all issues except the one that bothered me the most which was exactly what primary had wanted to do.  Nextcare dr. told me I had an incurable disease that I would have for the rest of my life without even looking at it.  He assured me that I had it though in a very condescending manner.  I was so upset that I called their head office and made a formal complaint and asked for my money back so I could visit another dr.  They completely understood gave me money back and offered to have me visit same clinic next day to visit another dr.  I did that.  The new dr. said I did not have this insane incurable disease that the idiot told me I had the day before.  She was better because she at least looked before telling me something stupid and then she abruptly ushered me into the hallway like we were done heres a prescription see ya.  I hadnt addressed some of the things I came in for so I am trying to ask her in the hallway right in front of 3 employees that just stood there listening to our conversation.  It was beyond embarrassing.  I tried to move around the corner so the punks milling about couldnt hear my private conversation with the dr. but she was done and had tuned out the minute she figured out the other dr. was a moron so she never addressed all the issues I came in for either.  This was one huge debacle.  I would never purposely go back to these idiots.  I had to make a 3rd visit to my primary dr. same week due to their complete incompetence.  I told the patient liaison at the corp office that I was completely pissed how can this a hole go around handing out these types of diagnoses without even looking??  She doesnt know.