I HATE THIS HOTEL. There are so many bad things I can say about this place. First, their rooms are boring and I expected more. It was so cramped and the window was small. The room looked old and wasn't decorated nicely. The bathrooms aren't great either, we stayed in 3 rooms there. Each shower had something wrong with it, either it was the faucet or the door. There was only 1 sink and the bathtubs were small and there wasn't a jacuzzi. Second, all their employees suck and so does their customer service. We had to move out of our first room into another room which was supposed to be connected to another room that we were also supposed to have. Turns out we had 2 rooms that weren't even together. We had to move rooms again and when we were moving our things into the room the door suddenly wouldn't open. We were locked out with all our things inside and we had to go through so much trouble to get another set of cards for the room. When we tried the new cards, the door still didn't open. So we got another set of cards, AND IT STILL WOULDN'T OPEN. They told us the door was the problem and that they would fix it right away. We had to wait over an hour for them to finally come and fix it. We ended up wasting around 3 hours over that stupid door. Their room cleaning service is even worse. We came into our room expecting it to look clean and new. Instead, the maids only did our bed and left everything else untouched. They didn't even bother to clean or replace our dirty cups and old drinks. Same with our hotel robes. The bathroom was still messy and again all they did was make the beds. We also came back into the room with the snack bar messy and touched. We got charged just for \"touching\" them when it was the maids. Besides that, we were missing our chargers and beats earphones. AND, everything is over priced. We ordered room service and ate at the Bellagio Cafe. The food was bland and tasteless but so expensive. An egg, bacon, and hash browns equaled to 18 dollars like really? Wasted money. Last, their pools may look appealing but they aren't that great. Only 2 pools allow children, which is whatever. The pool water is nasty and uncleaned. The water is either warm and smells like pee, or cold and very salty smelling. Not to to mention that all the pools are only 3 feet or under. Overall, I had a terrible experience and won't be coming back.