I've been a loyal ikea fan for years so it pains me to write them a bad review.\n\nI recently remodeled my new home and came to ikea for flooring and kitchen cabinets.  I went in to purchase the flooring first but apparently their flooring is being eliminated. They did have one pallet left of the flooring I wanted but I couldn't find it so I asked for help.  I was unimpressed by their searching methods.  Looking in the same place that I already looked and confirming it's not there isn't helpful.\n\nAbout the same time I went to purchase my cabinets, ikea comes out with a new commercial that's aimed at clueless people who want a new kitchen, so I went in to buy my cabinets with confidence and measurements in hand.  I walked to the kitchen department and waited for an employee to finish up on the computer. I told him I was there to buy cabinets and he asked me if I knew which ones I wanted, I said I didn't so he hands me a booklet and tells me to pick them out and he'll put the order in for me.  I said \"don't you guys do this for me\" and he said \"you have to pick out the cabinets.\"\n\nGreat.  I left and grabbed a glass of that lingadong juice from the restaurant and started figuring out measurements and hurting my head with thoughts of angles and door openings.  When I finished, I headed back to the department to give the guy my list and I saw a couple sitting at the computer with a different Ikea employee and they were living the commercial!  My heart sank.  Why were those jerks getting their entire kitchen designed on cool software and I had to pick mine out of some black and white catalog- 1950's style.  My money is just as green as theirs!  As the guy started entering my order and asking me questions about toe kicks and countertops, my blood started to boil and I let the guy have it for not giving me the same service as the other customers there.  His attitude quickly changed and he became helpful.  At first he had told me to grab the sink drains and cabinet handles on my way out but after our chat, he went and got them for me.\n\nWhen I went to pay for my order they told me it had to be picked up the same day, not ideal but okay.  I called my contractor and he said he'd be there in a few hours.  I'm pretty sure I'm the first customer to ever buy cabinets but have someone else pick them up because they have no system in place for that.  I had to beg the guy at the counter to help me out but he wouldn't.  So I decide to return the next day when Harry and I can go together.  We come back the next day, I hand the cashier my order to pay and she tells me that they are out of everything. \n\nMe: really? You're out of every single cabinet that's on my order?\n\nIKEA cashier: yes, really.\n\nMe: In one day you sold out of all these cabinets?That doesn't make sense, these cabinets are on 3 different displays upstairs. This sink has been sold here for years. How can you be out?\n\nIKEA cashier: I don't know, but we're out.  Go talk to \"pick-up\" about ordering more.\n\nMe: pick up? Really? Okay \n\nThe pick up guy tells me to talk to \"returns\"\nand returns tells me that because the order was placed yesterday, it's coming up as not available. He fixes it and finally I'm able to purchase the kitchen but not before growing contempt for my favorite home store.\n\nLastly, I get a call from my frustrated contractor because the directions are telling him to drill holes into the cabinet face but there are no marks where to make the holes. I tell him no way, ikea instructions are faultless.  After a 25 minute hold with Ikea support, I find out that guy at the kitchen department was supposed to give me templates for the holes to be made in the cabinets.  Thanks for failing me once again, careless dude.