Yelp is quite handy in things I need researching on like finding a reputable lash extensions place. Well here I am at Posare Salon located on S. Durango Dr., passed W. Warm Springs Rd. next to Vons\/Starbucks on the far left corner of the shopping complex. I'm happy I did my homework! Collette is personable, easy going, and considerate. Texted me in advance, a map pic of where she was and texted me again to let her know when I'm there, so she can open the door for me.  Her room is still being decorated, since she recently moved to this salon location.\n\nI showed her a few pictures of what I was looking for in length and style. I came around a picture that had a purple tint at the ends and I randomly asked her if she can do my lashes this color. To my surprise, she had all sorts of colors and the purple I wanted. I asked her what's her most popular color request and shockingly, not many people ask for it. Maybe perhaps they don't know they could get away with such discreetness in color or all they know is the ordinary black. Well I'm here to tell you.. it's such a mystical charm to have some color to your lashes, especially if you're paying a great amount of money to get them done. The best part of these Purple Ombre Tint Lashes is it's only visible in light. I can even get away with these lashes at work, since it looks so natural :) hehehe hahaha \n\nYou'll feel some poking and tugging at times when the lashes are added, but the whole session took less than 1.5 hours. The fumes did get me good at the end when I opened my eyes, but after it finally dried, my lashes it came out oh so lovely. She gave me this sweet look, which I like, since I can be mean muggin sometimes. I love the hidden color though. I can't rave enough about it. \n\nCan't wait to get my fill in two weeks and play around with these fun splash of color lashes! Don't be intimidated.. give it a try with Collette. She's superb in her craft. I'm having some Summer fun at Champaigne Lashes. You should too!!! ;)