Seeing as I am a true southern belle diiirrreeccct from the heart of Mississippi, I figured it was my civic duty to not only GO to Stoney's but to share my genuine opinion of its atmosphere and various accoutraments...... I have only been on a Friday night..... three Friday nights total at this point!  It does not dissapoint in true country bar atmosphere (and I should know)..... it is a large establishment with plenty of room for both walking around and dancing..... let's just say, it takes under 20 minutes to actually make it to the bathroom when it is packed to capacity.....  they have two full bars as well as several kiosk bars (ie. large open tubs of iced down beer)..... beer is always cold which where I'm from is a definite sign of a classy joint.....  Every time I've gone I have seen a lot of the same people (mostly nice crusty cowboys who love to dance)....  It's nice to be spun around the dance floor all night..... only complaint with the music is.... they throw in hip hop every now and then which makes about as much sense as a serving bisquits without gravy..... a LOT of line dancing, which makes for hilarious fun.... I find if you just keep moving and laugh and smile a lot, people tend to forgive you for not being an expert at them all..... I did ride the bull here (had to seeing as I did the bikini bull riding at Gilley's before they closed....still have my blue pasties to prove it  :) .. hey, it was a birthday party and I was dared to.... of course it could have had something to do with the 15 beers that were poured down me prior by my friends...a.k.a. partners in crime in this case)  any way, I digress..... you don't \"pay\" to ride the bull here.... of course, if you don't \"pay\" the attendant you definitely won't be riding it for long..... she'll see to that!  Let's just say, I definitely paid her.....  Stoney's has an entire side of play stuff....pool tables, darts, hitty thingys...... fun to take a break from all the dancing and kick tail at darts while the sweat dries off of you....... we've gone here with a large group every time and always after spending the first half of the evening somewhere else..... I'm not even sure if this place EVER closes..... the latest I've left was 4:30 a.m. and it was still packed wall to wall... but, hey, a girl's got to eat sometime!!!  I would never go here by myself (gotta have back up to keep the crusty cowboys at bay when they get too excited in the presence of genuine southerness)..... but it is a hootin' holler of a good time with a group of friends.....  go here AFTER you've chilled out at a few other places and had all the conversation you want to have and are ready to cut a rug!  YEEEEE HAAAAWWW !!!