Although Lowes is on the expensive side as far as grocery stores go, their quality is outstanding compared to the competition. It's best to take your time when visiting as the fresh foods departments are what really set this place apart.\n\nProduce always looks outstanding, I've never gotten a single fruit or veggie from this place that was sub-par. In the corner is the 'Pick & Prep' station where they have convenient pre-chopped produce ready for action. They also have an extensive selection of freshly clipped herbs.\n\nDeli\/Bakery is the envy of other grocery stores. To my knowledge, they were the first to have ready-to-bake pizzas in the fresh foods case. The pre-made entrees and sides are surprisingly delicious; usually store bought dinners are 'meh' at best. The bakery is where things get really good. Cakes are cookies are made with FRESH CHURNED butter! Who does that? Excuse me while I down a cookie real quick (or 6, but really, who's counting??).\n\nMy favorite department, and one that's I'll make a special trip for, is Sausageworks! They have over 20 rotating varieties (usually 6-8 in the case at a time) of sausage ranging from Beef, Pork, Chicken, and combinations. No contest my favorite is the Sicilian chicken sausage. Sweet with a strong herby spice, the fennel really comes out in this one. On the first tasting I couldn't believe it was chicken (because usually chicken sausage is seen as a 'healthier' and therefore less tasty) but I wouldn't change a thing! One negative note, the Cheerwine sausage, eh... just stick to Cheerwine in a glass, not on a bun!\n\nGrocery aisles are what you would expect from just about any competitor. Again, maybe a bit more pricy but if you shop the deals you'll leave happy. Also be sure to check out the Beer Den in the corner of the store near frozen\/dairy, all kinds of local and craft brews on tap to enjoy while you shop!\n\nIf I lived a bit closer then this would probably be my primary store, but the 3-4 trips a month make it all that more special!