I noticed this place opening up next to Roberto's and was curious to try some of the drinks once it finally did. The first visit there weren't any tables out front and just 3 inside. The tables were dirty, so I cleaned one up with some napkins to sit at. The guy who took my order was friendly and helpful with questions I had about some of the drinks. My second visit I noticed they put a decent amount of tables and chairs outside making more room for customers which is nice. The one thing that was the same is the tables were dirty again. I had to clean a spot to sit and enjoy my coffee and breakfast, not cool. If the tables are left dirty then how clean is the meal prep area? Also the same guy took my order on the second visit and he seemed more eager to chit chat with another guy that was working than he did about answering my questions about the latte art or menu items.\n\nTiff's Waffle Macchiato ($4.75 for a large) - Cinnamon vanilla macchiato, whipped cream and a churro waffle. I loved this! The drink tasted excellent and the churro waffle was very good! Definitely try this one. \n\nIced Honey Cream Latte ($4.65 for a large) - Honey, steamed cream latte with a dash of nutmeg. I asked for this one iced and it tasted good and was a nice change from the same flavors I usually pick. I noticed they promote that they do latte art and so I asked the guy working about it. He said that only he and the owner,Tiff know how to do the latte art right now until more people get trained and that you have to ask for it or your drink is marked to-go meaning it will be put in a to-go cup. It's not like it makes the drink taste different, but it is a nice touch and since this guy said he was one of the two who knew how to do it, well it would have been nice of him to have done it. \n\nWhite Chocolate Mocha Latte ($4.65 for a large) - I asked for this one hot and it was like the previous drinks very good. \n\nGolden Waffle ($4) - This is a waffle with butter and powdered sugar. There is an option to add seasonal fruit for $1 extra, so I did that. The waffle was hard and dry. I only made it through 3 bites and I was done. The seasonal fruit I added was sad looking and didn't appear very fresh, so I skipped on even trying any of it. Since the waffle I had with the coffee on my previous visit was so good, I was disappointed with this one.\n\nI really liked the drinks a lot and they are 4-5 star worthy, but my experience with the dirty tables, waffle\/fruit breakfast and the inconsistent customer service leave me on the fence with this one.