This is a relatively newer nursery, having opened up on an empty lot just off the I-17 on Bell. If memory serves, there was a nursery here in the past at one point, but the lot had been vacant for some time. I was glad to see someone making use of the space and I finally got a chance to stop in this week. \n\nFirst and foremost, this place may have only recently opened this location, but they have plenty of inventory. Lots of beautiful palms of nearly every variety, large birds of paradise and many trees that are well suited for our desert climate. In my case, I was mainly interested in succulents, and in particular agave, and I was not disappointed. While the selection is not as broad as, say, the palm trees, there is still some good variety here and, with a good eye, you might spot a gem or two. \n\nCase in point, I saw a very nice A. parryi v. couesii nestled in with some other A. parryi. Individual pots don't seem to always carry IDs, but each row is labeled (and, generally speaking, correctly). This particular plant was well grown and didn't show any obvious signs of distress, so I happily snapped it up. I must say, I was pleased to not find any obviously mite-infested agave here, which has seemed to plague some other nurseries this time of year. \n\nThis place really hasn't gotten a lot of press as of late and not much in the way of advertisement, so I figured I'd throw up this review to share my experience. Prices seem very fair an when I inquired about delivery and install times for a larger palm, they were claiming only about a day or two of lead time, which is far better than most nurseries in the area. \n\nI will say, having just opened up shop, it is still definitely a low-key environment. Very few staff on hand and bare bones inside the building, but honestly, it doesn't bother me. I'm more than happy to support a small business and definitely welcome an additional nursery to add to weekend crawls. If you're in the area, I highly recommend checking them out. Good pricing, friendly, helpful staff and great plants.