My mom wanted to come here and get some ramen. She wanted to try ramen in Las Vegas, since she tried her first ramen place in San Francisco. Since she liked her first ramen restaurant experience in San Francisco, she wanted to see if it was as good as in Las Vegas. \n\nI've eaten here many times before when they were their own restaurant and was not part of Bachi burger, and I'm very familiar with their menu. We got seated real quick, but I was disappointed that we didn't seat at shoku ramen part of the restaurant, but instead we got seated at Bachi burger. It took awhile until our server acknowledge us and offered or asked for beverages. \n\nMy mom, brother, and I ordered ramen, my brother ordered spicy miso, my mom ordered tonkotsu & sprite and I ordered tonkotsu with no mushroom & lychee soda. And I told my server, that I was allergic to mushrooms. And I knew the broth was mushroom based, but since I ate here many times before I was okay with the broth, I was just allergic to the actual mushroom. My mom didn't get her sprite right a way and my lychee soda was sooo sweet that I didn't get to enjoy it (and I always get lychee soda whenever I go to Bachi burger). We got our food and I was happy because that's what I was looking forward to. We got our food. I started to dig in and I notice that my tonkotsu ramen has mushrooms. I tried telling our server but she is nowhere to be found. And so I told the other server, that this ramen has mushrooms and I ask for no mushrooms. The server apologize and kindly took my plate away. And I have \"NEVER\" have to do that and I don't want to \"EVER\" have to do that again. And then another different server came back to our table and told me \"there is no mushrooms in my ramen\" and I showed her that this is mushrooms. At that time I was already irritated and didn't want to eat anymore. And so the server took the food and didn't even apologize. Our main sever came back with a brand new ramen, at that time I didn't want to eat anymore. With the new ramen bowl, there still was mushrooms, I didn't want to bring it back anymore and I just took out the mushrooms and hoping I don't accidentally eat one. \n\nAll in all, I was extremely disappointed in the service and the servers. And I don't think i will EVER come back or recommend this place. \n\nFYI, I did get an extremely bad allergic reaction a hour after I left the restaurant because I ate a mushroom in my ramen.