I've been meaning to come here for a long while now .. and I did! TWICE even before I decided to write a review!\n\nPan Asian is quite a quaint place. It's not a huge establishment -- it's actually quite tiny. It has about 5-6 tables only so if it gets busy, it'll be real busy. \n\nThe first time we went, I decided to go with their stir-fried linguini which had asparagus, tomatoes, bell peppers, garlic, chili, basil, and your choice of meat. For me, I decided to choose chicken with it. I guess you could say something like, \"That's not a thai dish!\" \"What?! Go to thai restaurant to eat non-thai dish?!\" Psh. Don't be a hater. And I have to say that ... it was not a bad decision at all to order the dish. \n\nYou also get to choose your level of spiciness for your dish. The range goes from 1 to 10. On yelp, there is this tip from Roger that you have to go spicy or go home. So guess what I did? I chose level 10. No, I didn't do it as a challenge or for \"fun\" -- I mean, who does that for fun anyways? Let's set fire to my intestines so I can laugh while it's happening. I personally love spicy food therefore, I gotta go spicy or why am I even there?! The server was nice enough to warn me. She asked if I've ever eaten there and that their level 10 is really really spicy. I will not back down! You will not scare me! I still went for a level 10. Then a little bit later, the cook himself warned us about the spiciness of level 10. I love you guys! But give me my spicyass food!! \n\nThe linguini .. was delicious! It had a very interesting and different flavor to it. I do believe that he uses satay sauce to stir fry the noodles and with the spiciness of the peppers, it was delicious. I just love how it's not huge chunk of pepper flakes in my bowl. A lot of other thai places will tell me to get a lower level of spice and if it isn't enough, I could add in pepper flakes myself. Gee, that just means one thing. You use pepper flakes to cook your food instead of using actual peppers. \n\nMy friends, on the other hand, ordered curry and pad see ew. The curry didn't really catch my attention when I tried it. Their pad see ew was really good though. Very good aroma. Though, for pad see ew, I would probably suggest not making it spicy. It doesn't really do it much good. \n\nAs for the second time we went, I was thoroughly surprised that the server remembered me. We decided to try out their tiger prawn shrimp salad and the server goes, \"What spicy level do you want? 10?!\" I was surprised but I laughed. She remembered me! I guess not a lot of people order level 10 there. But I eventually settled with a level 5 for spiciness. I know.. I know.. LEVEL 5 ONLY?! What! Why didn't I level 10 that !!?? Well, for one, salads are a completely different story when it comes to the spiciness level. It's almost doubled ... plus, I was sharing the dish with my friends. I'd rather not send them to the hospital with fiery intestines. \n\nThe dish, however, was delicious. A level 5 was the perfect amount of spice. It gets that fire in your mouth going. The prawns they used also did not taste like they were frozen shrimps. They tasted pretty fresh and the way they lightly grilled them on the side was really good. Really yummy dish and I think it'd be perfect for summer!\n\nAs for my entree, I decided to go with a pad thai at level 10. I opted out for the peanuts and carrots cause I don't care for pieces of peanuts in my noodles and I just hate carrots. The dish was very good, but, I don't think it's better than the linguini in my opinion. There was nothing that sets it apart. It's a tinge of sweetness and I think because of the sweetness, it's not as spicy as it could be. Though, it is a progression of heat so as you heat, the hotter it gets. It's the best kind of spice :D !!! \n\nThe only things keeping me from giving Pan Asian five stars is because I'm thoroughly confused. When reading the menu ... you kind of question yourself: is this a Thai place? A Vietnamese place? A Chinese place? etc etc. They have a dish or two from different Asian cuisines. They even have hainan chicken! What the?? \n\nThe second thing is their thai tea. WAY too sweet. It had no tea flavor. No go! \n\nOverall though, it was a delicious experience. And I definitely will go back.