This is a fun fondue restaurant where they will starve you to death in the beginning and then let you stumble to your car in a food coma...\nTruly a special place however. Yes, you got to cook your own meal and pay tons of money for it...but wait, when did we get so lazy to expect a meal to be cooked in a restaurant?\nI had two controversial dining experiences in the same place. And I realized that like anything in life what matters about any place - is the company and the attitude. If you are stuck on a blind date (whom you don't like) in place where you got to sit for hours \"fonduing\" around and then waiter keeps bombarding you with sexual innuendos (Don't mess around you, kids, once leave ) - then yes, you are in hell and almost ready to chew on the tail of the raw lobster! \nBut if you are with somebody you truly love, and time, money and salmonella (and other earthly concerns) don't matter much to you at the moment - it is a place to be! You can dip things in different cheeses, broths, you can feed each other off the fork, you can prepare a LOBSTER (see baby I can cook!)...The atmosphere in there is saturated with romance like tasty Daniel Steel's book! \nUPSIDE: nice atmosphere, friendly service, fancied up cocktails, GOOD FRESH FOOD, mind blowing dessert, and you can be a minority and order an ordinary prepared meal. \nDOWNSIDE: loooong wait (to be seated, to be fed), danger of getting burnt or poisoned ( the instructions for cooking we got were really basic), loong wait...\nConclusion: it is not a place where you go to \"grab a bite\", it is a place where bite grabs you or your time at least.  This place teaches you to savor food, but since I also belong to the crowds of sleep-deprived American workaholics gulping gallons of coffee on the run ...I can see how the place can get controversial reviews. A nation that came up with drive-thrus and pizza deliveries can handle \"Melting Pot\" only maybe once a year....before angrily asking for hamburger.\nP.S. There are clothing stores ( like \" Gap\" that dress women up in men's shirts kind of proving to the general public that clothes are not everything and style can be \"raw\" what matters is who wears it. So does \"Melting Pot\". It teaches you : \" Food is good. Here it is - all raw for you. Cook it and you will know the true meaning of \"good with every bite\".