Oh you fancy huh?\n\nIn what used to be a computer parts and service store now stands the fanciest hot dog stand you've probably ever set foot in. The large communal table and the bar around the outside of the seating area is made from reclaimed wood, the floors look to be hardwood, and the walls are a natural brick. There is a vintage mural on the main wall of the eating area with pictures of people enjoying hot dogs.\n\nI've visited Fancy Franks three times now and tried a range of the options. I'm really torn. But before I get into that let's go through what I tried.\n\nOn my first trip I went all out. I got the priciest dog on the menu, the Fancy-aano ($9), a poutine, and a fountain Pepsi. The Fancy-aano comes with arugula, parmigiano reggiano, prosciutto, and a balsamic dijon mustard. I wasn't overly impressed with my first visit. While the individual ingredients sound good and it was a very nice looking frank, I thought the mustard overpowered everything. There was a hint of the arugula and parm, but I couldn't tell that there was prosciutto on it. \n\nThe poutine was tasty. I like the gravy and the fries are solid. Unfortunately the gravy is not hot enough to melt the curds. Unless you have a strong hankering for poutine, this one is a pass for me.\n\nMy subsequent visits were better. The second dog I devoured was the Fancy 90210. Bacon, avocado, and tomato are standard. I added mozzarella and upgraded from the standard meat to a spicy sausage. I really enjoyed the flavour of the sausage. While I don't like that the buns are so large, for this one it's a good thing. The avocado and tomatoes are cut into such large chunks that they pop out when you bite down, so you can try to squish them into the large bun to prevent it.\n\nYesterday I popped in to try the dougnuts, but they still don't have them up and running. Tomorrow is apparently the day. To fill the void I grabbed a Fancy-zza. The toppings are what you would expect; pepperoni, mozzarella, and tomato sauce. At the suggestion of the employee helping me I added garlic mayo. The garlic mayo is AMAZING. So delicious. \n\nThe reason I'm torn is thus: The ingredients are local and they're great, but not really great enough to demand such a premium price. I mean, $7-9 for a hot dog is a good chunk of money to ask a consumer to spend. Also, the bun to meat ratio is not good. Too much bun, not enough dog. Clearly this is a 4-star review so the pros outweigh the cons but I'm going to let the dust settle before I make a final decision.\n\nI should also mention that the franks are all beef, there's a veggie dog, and there's chicken too. No gluten-free bun option unfortunately.\n\nThere's a good amount of traffic and there could be a small line when you come. Though it seems like about half of the people wandering in are just checking out the menu with promises to come back at a later time.