I went to Soyo with the Yelp Elites after an Elite Event. I have driven past this place a couple hundred times and never would have thought about stopping in if it hadn't the official after Event dinner spot.\n\nSoyo isn't very large, but they were able to handle our group of around 20 without much trouble. The place is much different than the other korean places I've dined (most have been AYCE). The meal started with some cold Roasted Barley Tea, which wasn't really too great IMO (a little too smokey), but I'm always open to try something new, and the waiter later brought me water with a pitcher to refill my glass.\n\nThe menu isn't the biggest in town (around 50 items), but everything I tried was really really good.\n\nI am a Korean Food rookie and stick with what I know, The Bulgogi, and I can say it was without a doubt the best bulgogi I've had in vegas. The meat was tender, the veggies were crisp, the sauce was flavorful but not overbearing, and the hot clay pot it was served in was a nice touch. I will be going back for this dish alone, however that was not the crowning jewel of the evening.\n\nOne part of the Korean eating experience (and it goes double when you are with yelpers) is sharing. I got to try a bunch of items I would never had ordered on my own.\n\nTheir Dumplings were amazing, I am slowly trying my best to eat vegas out of dumplings, and these were nothing short of yummy!  I also tried the Fish Cake Soup, and while it wasn't what I had in mind (how do ribbons of fish count as cake?), it was surprisingly good.\n\nBut the Dish that stole the night was Budae Jjigae, I am going to be honest I have never heard of Budae Jjigae before, and without this trip and the brave souls who ordered it, I may never have. It's a stew that consists of random meats married with ramen noodles, and served boiling hot in a spicy (but not too hot) sauce. The meats in the Budae Jjigae served last night appeared to be Spam, Hot Dogs, Vienna Sausages, and possibly more. \n\nI have a feeling after my diet is completed I will be doing my best to finish an order or two of Budae Jjigae!\n\nThe Ban Chan were all pretty good, the rice was your standard white rice, the raddish was really good, and the Kim Chi was nice (I prefer mine cooked rather than cold however).\n\nOne thing I did learn, when they say Spicy on the menu at a Korean Resturant they mean SPICY!!! One Yelper ordered the Spicy Pork Ribs, I tried a piece of cabbage with the Spicy Sauce and think I burnt a layer of taste buds off my tounge!\n\nI really like the set up at Soyo, the service was great, the food was amazing, and the atmosphere is pretty fun, and after a while the Kpop music grows on you.\n\nOh and they have 2 tiny arcade consoles that looked pretty fun, but I was afraid to play as they looked like I could break them by just looking at them funny, yet alone playing them.\n\nKudos Soyo I will be back