To start off, i must say i am a HUGE fan of the cheesecake factory and by that, I mean I used to make a trip down to buffalo just to grab dinner, and i could never imagine having a negative experience with them. Knowing that i no longer had to make such a long drive, i was so excited for them to be opened at Yorkdale. So I decided to celebrate my birthday here this year. I called to double check if i could make reservations, and if they have anything for birthdays, and they said they do complimentary cheesecake. Not that i was expecting a full size cheesecake. But i learned from my server its not, they do a mini sundae, which is not what i was offered on the phone but cool. Best part? My server never even brought it. \n\nI was the first to be seated in the section. But my server showed up last which means when the table beside us were enjoying appetizers, my water just got served. I wasnt in a rush so whatever, waited an hour in line for this, might as well enjoy the time here. Studied the menu during the hour wait and was all set to order: Ahi tartare, pasta carbonara with chicken and two steak diane and salmon combo. Happily anticipating. Then my server came back with bad news saying theyre out of steak diane. Only new york steak, habichi, and rib eye available. Ok fine, ill take the new york steak and the miso salmon to share. Then he came back AGAIN and said theyre out of that too. By that time i was beyond disappointed. You know what fine, ill settle for the rib eye then. Not what i wanted but will do. Shortly after, im guessing my server was too embarrassed to come back and tell me, so he sent another server to come tell me the ahi tartare was also NOT AVAILABLE. Deep down yelling WTF and wanted to cry at this point. 3 out of the 4 items I ordered were not available. I find that very unacceptable. I came at 7pm, got seated at 8pm, 3 more hours until closing and lots of customers still waiting outside, I was so ready to walk out of there. Definitely need to manage their food supplies better especially on a weekend. My server came back and said hes gna ask the manager to stop by. Im like sure, lets see if you can make things right. Manager came, didnt wish me happy birthday or anything and straight up just told me that the tuna shipment this morning was bad and he tried his best to savage it but couldnt. Okay? Thanks for the tuna shipment analysis? If u knew since this morning then maybe you shouldve notified all your servers and me BEFORE i ordered. Not 25 minutes after my order was in. Im not running this business with you, i dont need a report of your tuna shipments. I really just want my food. And that was it. Off he went.... useless conversation. Horrible job at comforting customers let alone making things right or making an extravagant birthday experience. Mood killed. Could barely enjoy my dinner. Server finally came back to check on us, i guess he totally forgot its my birthday and never brought me that mini sundae. And there, we heard a group of staff a few tables down singing happy birthday. Thank you for making me feel EXTRA not special, neglected and unimportant as a customer. Just wanted to grab the bill and leave! Didnt even ask for the dessert menu, and for those who eat with me know i alwys go for dessert! Who comes to the cheesecake factory and leaves without cheesecake?  \n\nIm sure everyone is familiar with the overwhelming menu, large portions, and variety of cheesecakes. Hence, why its one of my favourite places to visit. But i regret making the choice to celebrate my birthday here last night. Literally THE WORST AND MOST DISAPPOINTING EXPERIENCE ever. \n\nAnd if ure still wondering what i end up eating:\nPasta carbonara with chicken\nRib eye steak \nMiso salmon\n\nFood was still okay. But this location is officially blacklisted.