Made the trip out to check out their newer store offerings. Debated on whether or not to visit on a Saturday afternoon as I hate crowds. To my surprise not a whole lot of people and easily found parking with no waits for any stores. \n\nTory Burch- Let's just start with the size of this store! A nice size compared to their non outlet retail locations. Worth the trip if your wanting a pair of their shoes. The sales are as expected. If your realistic (not expecting over 50% off) then you'll find deals here. TB shoes rarely go on sale so anything off their retail price is nice to find. Awesome selection from flats, wedges, and sandals (Reva, Eddie, Caroline). A whole wall dedicated to shoes with a decent offering of neutrals on sale as well (for those like me who can't justify buying a pair of bright pink flats)! Prices were 15-40% off their retail price. Also carry purses, clothing, and accessories. \n\nASICS- Was excited to see a stand alone store as my Nike Free's are no longer cutting it when it comes to running! Only 20% off their shoes. Staff are knowledgeable but have to flag them down as they wont come up and ask how you are doing. \n\nForever 21- small store that carries all the standard F21 lines however not a great selection. If your claustrophobic you may want to avoid this one.\n\nBurberry- Big retail space that carries a variety of items- purses, clothing, accessories, and shoes. I came in looking for one of their infamous trench coats. Decent selection although none that I would buy. The prices are amazing considering the brand. Some of their trench coats were up to 30% off as their everyday prices.\n\nVince Camuto- continues to disappoint. Although their shoes are great, the selection at this store is terrible. Rarely have any sales greater then 20% off their retail price and the store is always empty for good reason. Wait till they have their end of season sales for this one.\n\nTed Baker- great selection of clothing and their everyday prices are decent (20-30% of retail). A good choice if your looking to buy a dress that you would pay for the same price at Zara at regular price but for something a little more unique\/well made. Again, if you want a steep discount at Ted Baker wait for their end of season sale as everyday prices are ok but not great.