I was dragged here, kicking and screaming, on a business trip where we didn't have time to look for a decent restaurant and instead just stopped at the first place we came to.  All the warning signs of a bad restaurant were there: almost empty parking lot, faded and badly designed outside banner with bad pictures of some of their menu items, no one at the front of the restaurant ready to seat us, an almost empty restaurant, the 3 couples seated and eating were all 80+ years old, a poorly maintained lunch buffet with nothing in it that looked appealing, and the menu itself was huge (8+ pages). \n\nIf I'd of had any choice here, I would have ran out the door and sped off.  But instead, I went through the ordeal of having to read through their enormous menu and try to find something to my liking. I didn't have time to go into detail, and since I'd seen many mentions, as well as pictures, of their ribs, I ordered a full stack of ribs thinking it may be something they specialized in or at the very least thought they were proud of. So I quickly ordered the full stack of ribs and let the waitress know I was in a hurry to catch a flight. I tried to really emphasize I was in a big hurry. \n\nAs I waited, I went to the salad\/soup bar for something to hold me over. There was nothing in salad that looked good at all, so I took a bowl of some broccoli cream soup, that was decent, but obviously canned - and I easily deduced this from the chunks of not fully mixed condensed soup.  Then, I came back to the table with the soup, the waitress asked if I would like to have my food order held while I ate my soup\/salad... No, I want my food as soon as possible, did I not make that clear?\n\nWhen my ribs finally came, I was extremely annoyed.  It had to have been about 30 min... so much for being quick.  Then, first bite into the ribs, and I realized I'd made a mistake in the order, as they were over-cooked, dry, about as tough as beef jerky, and under-seasoned.  Oh, and I asked for no gravy on my mashed potatoes, and it came covered in gravy.\n\nHorrible experience.  I'd of rather had fast food.