Sigh two sad little stars, urr umm yeah, two stars for sure. Now please understand that I am a vegetarian that eats fish, so I am not speaking to the flavor, quantity, or quality of the restaurants speciality; fried chicken. I am however speaking to the quality of the service and available food in this Korean slaughter house. \n\nI think that in general when one has to leave a restaurant to find food somewhere else there is an issue. I had Pizza Nova down the block. This is not because I didn't try to find something I could\/would eat, but in the only 15 items on the menu three were vegetarian, and two were fish. So carnivores eat your heart out, this is a mad chicken fiesta. Back to the sub par service and availability of food. \n\nAfter arriving at the restaurant we found that it was a seat yourself situation, so we crowded near our friends hoping we could quickly order a beverage and get on with the eating. Sigh no chance of that for at least 25 minutes. After moving us closer to our party, I actually had to go up, retrieve a menu and let our server know that we wanted to order drinks for the table. Then we waited, and waited, this unfortunately became indicative of the service we would receive for the remainder of the evening.\n\nSadly when we finally were able to order drinks it turns out that that much anticipated soju was only to be had in its original form, unflavoured and a little like really cheap vodka. Our soju-ourne failed, it was high hopes for the food, big mistake. Of the five items that I could eat, only one was available at all, and it was bad. I settled on the onion rings and vast amounts of soju. One bite of a ring led me to thinking that,  \"maybe it's not rude to spit this back onto the plate\". Fortunately I followed my well taught table manners and dutifully swallowed.\n\nIt was at this time that I decided a trip outside of the restaurant may be in order. Beware fellow carnivores, I was not alone. Fellow Yelper \"I eat anything that lives\" Dale M also followed me out for a stellar slice. \n\nTime to get pizza; 4 minute walk, 30 seconds at counter, 3 minute heat up , and time to eat. Time to get disgusting onion rings and soul-less soju; 20 minutes to wait for drinks, 16 minute wait for waitress to come back, 19 minutes for onion rings to appear, 1 second to get my ass out there for some new food.\n\nBottom line...Korean restaurants you may not want my white bread pesce-tarian ass in your lovely (insert sarcasm here) establishment, but my money is as good as any Asian wannabe. So guess what I don't want you either.