Description Of Work: \nAttempted to power wash our deck, attempted to put together our dresser and crib, changed faucet cartridge, etc.\n\nWOMEN TAKE NOTE: THE OWNER STALKED ME OUTSIDE OF MY HOME AND WAITED FOR ME. (SEE PART OF HIS EMAIL BELOW ADMITTING TO THIS) I FEAR FOR MY SAFETY.\n\n\nI had hired One Man and a Hammer to help out with a few jobs around the house given that I am almost 8 months pregnant and have a high risk pregnancy. As part of this process, the technician put together my soon to be baby's dresser. While putting together this piece of furniture, the technician damaged the drawer. The owner came over to inspect it and took full responsibility. We agreed because I had a doctor's appointment that I was late for, that they would replace the furniture with a new one which would have to be ordered (bringing it back fully assembled) and take back the other piece of furniture upon delivery. Then I would pay them for the remainder of the bill. I was never shown a bill for the current work that was completed.\nI did not hear back from the owner after two weeks and proceeded to call. I spoke to a woman who gave me a different resolution that we had not agreed upon and said the owner was \"unavailable\". The owner would not call me back so I had to call again. When I explained to him the situation, he \"decided\" a new resolution for the situation without telling me and left me with a damaged item which is still not assembled (I'll have to pay to have someone dissemble the old furniture and reassemble a new one) it and more importantly, the item is still damaged. He said that I would come out on top because the bill (which I still have not seen) was $427 and the dresser only cost $399. However, I am left still with a half assembled dresser and more importantly, a damaged one, which with the damage is far less than $399. I told him that I was perfectly happy with our original resolution that we BOTH agreed upon, but was not happy that he was not honest with me about creating a new resolution.\n\n====\nFrom: bob@onemanandahammer.com\nCC: debc@onemanandahammer.com\nSubject: Dresser\nDate: Wed, 24 Jul 2013 19:43:36 +0000\n\nTo compound the problem, you rushed Dennis and I out of the house when we asked if we could repack the old unit. Then when I asked if we could take the old unit with us you said you were ALREADY late for a doctor's appointment. You said that you were having a \"high risk pregnancy and your health comes first\" which I heard loud and clear. The last thing I would want is to hold you up and risk ANY child's life! I, of course, believed you and left within minutes. What didn't make any sense was that because the babysitter was there. We had worked in your house before, including the most recent work, with only the supervision of the babysitter, if even for a brief period of time. Did we all of the sudden scare her? You did tell me that except for the dresser, you loved what Dennis had done. It was never mentioned that he scared you or the babysitter, or that you wanted him out of your home.\n\nDue to a nearby appointment I had soon after I left your home, I sat in my car for 40 minutes just outside your home. What was interesting is that you didn't leave in the forty minutes I was there. This was minutes after telling me you HAD to leave for a doctor's appointment due to the high-risk pregnancy. I don't quite comprehend the reason to fib to us or rush us out of the home. Repacking the unit would have taken twenty, or fewer, minutes, less than the time I sat in the street awaiting my next appointment. I was so shocked that you had not left in that 40-minute time frame that I took pictures and a video of your car remaining in the garage.