This isn't the sort of attraction one would expect to find in Cleveland, Ohio.  And, it's even more interesting when one considers that this was never one of the country's largest metropolitan areas, yet emerged as one of the most diverse.  Diversity means different things to different people.  In this case, I'm talking about the multi-ethnic and multi-cultural fabric that created a tapestry in this city and metropolitan area by virtue of cuisines, customs, costumes, festivals, traditions, histories, and values.\n\nTo celebrate this diversity, parkway-like MLK Jr. Blvd., south of the lake and north of University Circle, was designated as a swath where numerous ethnicities and cultures would create and maintain a garden that showcased their culture. This swath is known as the Cleveland Cultural Gardens.  In most cases, the gardens have been dedicated and the signage shows when they were dedicated.  In a few cases, the gardens are in the planning stages and have yet to be dedicated.  Most of the countries represented are in Europe, Africa, and Asia, and are countries from which the Cleveland area has received immigrants.\n\nThis parkway gently winds around and is sort of recessed into a swale that MLK Jr. Blvd. traverses.  On its sides, the terrain of the Cleveland Cultural Gardens climbs up the knoll to the parallel streets above.  Most gardens flank MLK Jr., while others stretch from MLK Jr. to the parallel street above it via steps and terraces.  Some gardens which climb the hillside are those of Italy, Greece, and Germany, if not several others.  Some gardens are simple while others are more ornate ... or, they can be simple and have some ornate centerpiece(s) of sorts.  And, along with this, there will undoubtedly be plants, flowers, and the country's flag.\n\nWhile a parkway at this point, MLK Jr. Blvd. is still a busy street and parking is limited.  There are some areas where there is free 2 hour parking and it suffices.  Most of these designated areas are found in the southbound direction.  Another option is to park on the streets parallel to and above MLK Jr.  Note that, because the spread of the countries' gardens along MLK Jr. is lengthy, one might have to move their car.\n\nThe Cleveland Cultural Gardens is one of the places that will either interest you or it won't.  If you are a back slapping pizza and beer type of guy or gal, it might not.  If you might be interested in learning about different cultures and how they've chosen to represent themselves, then you will most likely enjoy this venue.  And, no, I don't view the gardens as a display of ethnocentrism.  I much prefer to view the Cleveland Cultural Gardens as both a celebration and a beautiful place.