I've been to Aldi stores before, back when I used to live in IL, so I was familiar w\/ the layout.  If you've never been, it's like a miniature Sam's Club, but with generic-brand products and no membership fees.  \n\nIf you need a cart, you may pick one up at the side of the store by depositing a quarter, which you may then retrieve by returning the cart when you're done w\/ it.  There usually is just enough room for two small-sized people walking side-by-side pushing carts one-way, so just keep this in mind as you go through the store and its mazes.  Just because most, if not all of the brands here are generic, it doesn't mean that Aldi doesn't sell quality stuff!  I was pleasantly surprised to find ORGANIC turkeys sold here the day before Thanksgiving.  Too bad all of them were about 12 pounds or larger, or else we'd have bought one to try, and I'd have one more thing to review here...\n\nThe reason I wanted to post something about my Aldi visit was to say that chocolate lovers must, if you haven't already, try a few of the European chocolates sold here!  You may find them among one of the first crates to your left as you enter the store and proceed forward.  Two brands we tried were Choceur [dark choc, milk choc, and milk choc w\/ almonds (those w\/ a hazelnut allergy would best stay away from the almond bar-- it contains hazelnut paste)] and Moser Roth (chili dark choc).  While the Choceur milk chocolate and almond bar was delicious (not too sweet!), I did feel the room spin as soon as I had a bite (I'm able to eat toasted hazelnuts w\/out problems, but hazelnut spreads and chocolate-covered hazelnuts do cause allergy symptoms).  I'm savoring a few pieces of the dark chocolate variety as I type this... Mmm, and it's so melt-in-your-mouth creamy-dreamy!  If you're a bit daring when it comes to mixing chocolate and peppers, then you may like Moser Roth's Chili bar.  I didn't find it as spicy as my baby sis did, but then again, she doesn't really like spicy dishes (she orders a \"1\" when at a Thai restaurant that serves dishes ranging a mild 1 to an inferno 5), but the flavors harkened to the times when I tried Mexican hot cocoa and churros made w\/ Ibarra chocolate....\n\nMy older sister's MIL LOVES the brownie mixes here!  I can't review it, as it contains corn products; However, the aromas that wafted throughout the house while it baked sure smelled delightful!  (The beautiful cracked surface of the brownies also teased me until I finally had to turn away before I gave in.  LOL)