Stayed at the MGM for a week. If you are gonna selfpark, use the entrance on Koval Ln, and not the one on the Strip. Not only you avoid the crazy traffic on Las Vegas Blvd, through Koval you can immediately access the parking structure. Wish I knew that on the first day. Also, I do have mixed feeling about paying 10 dollars a day for selfparking, at least we get to park \"for free\" at the other hotels owned by MGM during your stay, such as Aria, Bellagio, Mandalay, New York New York, Luxor, among a few others.\n\nI checked in on a friday afternoon, I believe it was around 1-2pm. That lobby was packed, there was literally hundreds of people there, but the queue moved fast. Check in time is 3pm, but the nice lady at the font desk let us go to our room earlier free of charge. They do charge a 32 dollars a day \"resort fee\", like most major Vegas hotels, which I find a bit disingenuous, but what are you gonna do?  Man, this hotel is huge. It felt like we had to walk miles to get to our room on the west wing. The elevator was super fast, though, it only took a couple of seconds to go up and down several floors. I believe those room on the west wing are the smallest and cheapest, but they were spacious, comfortable and clean. The decor was up to date and it had a flat screen TV with several HD channels. No fridge or microwave though. If you are a light sleeper, the noise of planes constantly arriving and taking off at the nearby airport might be an issue. The room was not bad at all, but in a future visit I would gladly shell out a little more money to get a better, closer to the action room.\n\nThere is a Walgreens and a CVS nearby so you can buy cheaper drinks and snacks for your room.\n\nAs I have said, this place is huge and it take a couple of days for you to get used to it. The casino is huge, there are tons of fancy and expensive restaurants, but there is also a food court with more frugal options. I love the pool complex and spent pretty much every afternoon during my stay there. There are also various stores and attractions on the premises. On the back of the hotel there is a monorail station, so you can get as far as the stratosphere without too much walking. A single use ticket costs 5 dollars, but you can also purchase a pass that will give unlimited rides for a period of days.\n\nOverall I had a great time here, without any issues, and would gladly stay here again.