Why the hell do I keep coming back to Red Lobsters?  \n\nMy wife loves their chicken alfredo cajun pasta dish and she was craving it tonight.  We drove down and decided to check out the Surprise Red Lobster. We arrived around 4:15 and we were seated pretty quick.  That was one of the few good things I can say about this place.  \n\nOnce we were seated, it took awhile for anyone to come over to greet us.  Our waitress stopped by about 5 minute later with a serving of their biscuits.  She did apologize for the delay and let us know that she would be back with us shortly.  Another 5 minutes pass and a different server comes over to get our drink orders.  A few minutes after that, a totally different dude drops off our waters but doesn't have my wifes iced tea.  Our original server eventually bought it over, but it still took like 15 minutes in the place before we had drinks in front of us.  Lame!  We had our son with us too and he started to get cranky.  It's damn near impossible to entertain an 18 month old if they are tired, cranky and hungry.  All this while, I could see servers, bus boys etc just chilling over by the drink station.  If you are going to work as a team, work as a damn team!  Don't have the waitress busting her ass with multiple tables while you guys chill and crack jokes in plain sight of everyone.  Anyways...........\n\nWe placed our orders right away and tried to keep our son busy.  Food came out in a decent amount of time (at least compared to the drinks) but it was still longer than usual.  I ordered their garlic butter mussels and my wife went with her usual of the chicken alfredo cajun pasta.  The food was alright.  We scarfed it down and took a lot of it to go because of our son getting cranky.  \n\nDoubt I would come back just because of the really slow service.  It wasn't even busy in there and service still lagged big time.  I couldn't imagine a Fri\/Sat night after 6pm. Their prices have steadily gone up over the last few years, too.  Our bill was almost $40 bucks after tip for one meal, one appetizer and an iced tea.  Not worth it!