Brilliant birthday dinner at Boralia. A lovely intimate\/trendy addition to the Ossington Avenue strip, Boralia focuses on \"old Canadian\" - i.e. comfort foods and game meats dating back to early settlement times in Canada's trapper-and-hunter history. Besides the clever way the menu cites the inception of each dish in Canada's history, the presentation and flavors were all just shockingly GOOD. \n\nStarted with a couple of cocktails that were reasonably priced and balanced in flavor. We started our food adventure with the chop suey croquettes, not exactly sure what to expect. Get these! They're delicious! They're like the wonderful taste of lo mein noodles and salty sweet umami in a light breaded arancini-esque ball. Actually, that's what I would call it. Asian arancini. It was such a tease!\n\nThe menu at Boralia is set up for sharing, so went with the sweetbreads & peas, hellfire salad, rabbit rubaboo and a special that night, pan-roasted duck breast with apples. LOVED the sweetbreads preparation. Sweetbreads - nice word to describe thymus and\/or pancreas; acquired taste and absolutely delicious. The peas were actually sweet and complemented the salty sweatbreads, which were glazed with a wonderful garlic miso. Not overcooked. The hellfire salad was sheer bliss: ricotta and corn-stuffed squash blossom. Crunch, light, salty, sweet. A stellar choice if you're looking to cut the heavy meats. The rabbit rubaboo was a wonderful surprise: the \"sausage\" was more of a rabbit roll-up (similar to rouladin) and seasoned with mushrooms; perfectly complemented with beets. Probably the best preparation of rabbit I've had to date. The duck breast was medium rare, tender, and a generous portion considering the price. We finished the dinner with the hot chocolate beignets. These were awesome (fried dough, chocolate, sugar...can you do wrong?!) but I wanted them to be crispier and lighter. They were on the heavy doughy side. Still, an excellent finisher. \n\nBoralia provided all the things I'd want in a celebratory date night: inventive food, expert preparation, a variety of flavors, crafted cocktails, excellent wine selection, casual trendy atmosphere and attentive service. Score!