More like 2 and a half stars but I rounded up.  I've only been here once but in my opinion, one time is enough.  So if you don't want to take my opinion then stop reading.  \n\nTao is located inside the Venetian which is a gorgeous hotel.  I stayed at the Palazzo once, which is adjacent to the Venetian and absolutely loved it.  Tao does not live up to the Venetian name.  It is pretty, don't get me wrong, lots of things to look at and a nice cool smoking balcony area, for those of you that smoke.  I don't, by the way.  You enter in through the restaurant then go up the stairs to the club itself, so it is somewhat awkward because you see patrons trying to enjoy their dinner while hordes of girls and guys are walking in ready to party.  \n\nTao is small, so therefore it gets insanely crowded.  If you do not have bottle service you are stuck in the crowd, and trust me it gets very packed, to the point where it is hard to move.  If you have bottle service, you are a lot more comfortable but here comes the question, if bottle service is worth it?  There's an upstairs portion with tables that only people with table service are allowed to go up to.  It is considerably less crowded than the dance floor.\n\nThe good things about Tao is that there's open bar for ladies before a certain time and that's why I rounded up my stars. \n\nSide story: I got accused by the bartender, who was a girl, of passing on drinks to other people, because I wanted to get another drink after she made me one like 5 minutes or so beforehand.  I finished the drink so fast because it was pretty much juice with a splash of liquor but whatever, it was free so I'm venting, not complaining.\n\nThe off thing about Tao is their upstairs bathroom.  Whoever designed them really had no clue about drunk people.  So it's a clear glass door that gets frosted when you lock it.  So clearly if you're drunk you might forget to lock the door, which is what happened to a friend of mine.  Luckily we saw that she didn't lock it and stood in front of the door hiding her.  No free shows tonight!