So Cinnaholic was the last stop on food tour night with my cousin. It was both of our first time. I always wanted check CInnaholic out since close to my house and heard about it getting boast on Shark Tank. The whole concept gourmet cinnamon rolls?? It peaks interest. The only cinnamon rolls pops in my mind is Cinnabon or the ones get in roll in grocery store in a tube then lay them on cookie sheet pan to cook. I was excited check out the hype. \n\nThey have few different ones that can choose from all in a really awesome display all done up finish product. You also have the option that can make your own masterpiece. You just start the base with the cinnamon roll and the rest is whatever your heart desires. The smores really caught my eye. That the one I went with and my cousin went with made his own up. I forget what he came up with something with lemon flavor. Maybe. It was no way as artistic or had as much components then my smores. It was good. It had all the things associate with smores marshmallow, granola cracker, and chocolate. The only thing that was weird for me. The alcohol or if they do in the sauce on top was strong. I was thinking man getting drunk on cinnamon roll. The portion size is huge. Neither one of us were able to finish our cinnamon roll. I would almost say sharing is good idea if not super hungry. They also offer gluten free ones.\n\nIt small place not many seats. I am fan of the checkerboard old school dinner vibe get from the inside. You place order and then pick it up at the end of the counter. It open area so can watch your masterpiece come together. All the cinnamon rolls served in basket lines with checkerboard paper. The floor has that same look. Not sure if recall seeing fountain machine. They have refrigerator up front with lot of different options comes to bottle drinks from healthy ones coconut water, smart water, and more. They do have a widescreen in one corner of the restaurant. It might be little hard to find in the shopping center cause right in the middle. It located right across from Chuck E Cheese in the shopping center.\n\nI enjoyed my Cinnaholic. Nothing that blew me away with the whole gourmet cinnamon roll. If have urge for cinnamon roll. One that not just soaked in all frosting and sugar more sugar. Gourmet or something different no doubt Cinnaholic is way to go!