This evening I dined at an interesting theme restaurant called the Costco Wholesale Food Court.  The proprietors seem to have gone for a \"food court in a large warehouse\/big box store\" kinda of vibe, and I feel like they've really nailed it, but the food(at least the poutine) could use a bit of work.\n\nI'm surprised to find it hasn't been reviewed before since it was absolutely packed when I went.  It's casual dining( I lucked out by deciding at the last minute to not wear a suit and tie.  I would have been overdressed) and the decor really brings home the \"I'm eating in the food court of a big box retailer\" feel.  The tables resemble outdoor seating and even have large umbrellas to presumably block the sun. Which is an interesting design choice because you're in a warehouse, but little quirks like this don't detract from the overall experience(they don't add anything either).  \n\nThey also have people walking around pushing large carts of merchandise which helps to make it all the more real.  I saw a woman pushing one of these carts nearly run over a kid(who was presumably supposed to be her child).  I appreciate their desire to give you a real experience but I feel like that went a little far.\n\nThe menu offers basic food court fair, with a canadian bent.  They have hot dogs, and pizza, and ice cream.  As well as tradition canadian food court foods like poutine and Montreal Smoked Meat sandwiches.  I love personally love poutine so made that my choice.  A friend had told me that if I said \"hey, don't be shy with those cheese curds\" that I'd get extra, but the person taking my order only stared back blankly and said \"the cheese curd servings are pre-portioned in individual bags.\"  I'm not sure if this was my inability to charm her, or her unwavering desire to stay in character.  Regardless, the serving size was very generous, the curds tasted fresh-ish, and the gravy was so-so.  But what really brought the dish down were the fries.  They were average at best.  I think they were those slightly coated fries that which are fine on their own, but have no business in poutine.  I managed to eat most of it anyway, and washed it down with some self-serve Coke Zero at the fountain machine.\n\nAll-in-all the food was average so far as big box store food court fare goes.  But I gotta hand it to them for working so hard at creating a pitch perfect ambience to match their theme.  Plus, for $5.40 I got poutine and all the soda I could drink!  That's some strong value for your dollar(or loonie in this case)!\n\nIf 2.5 stars were an option that's what'd give them.  But it isn't an option.  So two stars it is.