Conveniently located in the PATH, this clinic at the south-east corner of Yonge and Queen has got my feet doing the happy-dance. (4.5 stars.)\n\nLost in my efforts to select a foot clinic amongst a sea of uninspiring websites, EC Orthotics was a beacon of hope: clean, organized pages; detailed and useful information on services and products offered; and a simple form to request reservations online - I was hooked. These days, a good website is just as important (if not more) than a good storefront.\n\nFurther, while many other orthotics providers are bundled into larger clinics with chiropractors, physios and masseurs, I was pleased to find a downtown clinic specializing in podiatry alone.\n\nEddie Chan is a young, licensed chiropodist, and is well-versed not only in all-things-feet, but also employee benefits. While this surprised me at first, I appreciate that he realizes the import of employee benefits to his business, and it rounds out his knowledge of podiatry nicely.\n\nAs the clinic is a bit small, I recommend making an appointment; doing so assures you won't be cramped for space or time. Upon my first assessment, I was impressed when Eddie identified the manufacturer of my previous orthotics by appearance alone. When I asked how he knew, his response was, \"poor craftsmanship,\" as he pointed out the flaws. Point: Eddie.\n\nNo foam casting boxes here, Mr. Chan utilizes a 3D laser foot scanner to map your paws, which supports his goal of getting your foot into as neutral a position as possible. My previous orthotics provider subscribed to the theory of \"bigger is better\", so Eddie's more natural approach is a welcome change. After about a week my orthotics were ready for pick-up, and they are indeed top-drawer. Finally, they will help you choose the right style of orthotics to fit your shoe needs; my spousal unit wears a lot of ballet-flats, and this was taken into account.\n\nI'm docking half a star because I think EC's selection of prescribed footwear could be improved. While other clinics may offer Birks or Ecco, the catalogue here is limited and should be expanded. Happily though, I was given the opportunity to go full bore on a catalogue of Asics runners; no doubt my squash game will improve (slightly. I hope.)\n\nSo run, don't walk...well, unless you have foot problems...to EC Orthotics!