My boyfriend and I stayed here this past weekend on a short trip to Vegas.  We love the Fremont area and since we've had good experiences staying at Plaza, El Cortez and The Grand we decided to give Golden Gate a try since it seemed to be budget friendly when we were looking around.   \n\nFirstly, I blame priceline.com for not disclosing that there was a resort fee of $22 a night. This was not even in any of the fine print that I read over about 5 times. This not being mentioned was part of the reason why we picked this hotel.  Secondly, I blame Golden Gate for failing to mention the resort fee at check-in like all the other hotels we have stayed at do.  I was told of the resort fee when I was checking-out.  If I had known of the resort fee I would have paid a few more dollars to stay somewhere we knew we would enjoy.  The resort fee is a joke! I mean what are they using it for!?  You have to pay to use the Wi-Fi, there is no pool at the hotel, there is no fitness center, basically there are no amenities so no reason for a resort fee to be that high.\n\nThe room was small, but I wasn't expecting it to be huge for $17 a night. Basically just enough room for the furniture and for you to get around it.  Which just for sleeping is ok.  But the bathroom, oh the bathroom.\n\nWe get to the room open the bathroom door and bang!  The bathroom was designed in such a layout that you CANNOT open the door all the way (only opens about halfway) because the slams into the toilet.  But the shower was probably the worst part.  First off it was a low-flow shower...this was not mentioned in the hotel information.  Anyone who has long hair and has used a low-flow shower knows the pain of taking twice as long to wash the shampoo and conditioner out of your hair.  Secondly, the shower had basically two temps, water from the north pole or water from the depths of hell.  There was no happy medium on the temperature, if you tried to adjust the temp it had a huge delay in any change of the water temp.\n\nOverall I would not stay here again, our lesson has been learned to pay a few dollars more to get a little bit better quality.  But I will give a shout out to the housekeeping, great people and always prompt and fast!