I tell you what. I love Mediterranean food. My wife is okay. She hasn't had that great of experiences cause every time she orders chicken it's really dry. Over cooked. So I finally talked her into trying AZ Kabob. \n\nCame here on a rainy Friday night. Walk in and I'm very surprised. Very modern decor. Very clean. My wife loved the lighting fixtures. The menu is on the wall. Very big so you can't miss. \n\nAnyways, the guy at the counter greeted us and was very friendly. He knew we were new and helped us out and gave recommendations to us. \n\nWe both ordered the boneless chicken Kabob entree which comes with either rice or salad or half n half. We both got all Salad. \n\nAnyways, waited at our table which had all the metal silverware at the table with napkins. Very convenient. Our food came out surprisingly fast. I was surprised cause they had so much to go orders but hey who's complaining. Not me\n\nSo we get eight medium sized chicken kabobs on top of a bed of salad with the salad dressing on the side. Salad had greens with diced tomatoes and cucumbers. Poured the salad dressing all over and wow. Really good. Fresh greens. Fresh tomatoes. Fresh cucumbers and juicy chicken. Cooked perfectly. Finally found a places that know how to cook the chicken right so it's not dry. Very moist. Very tasty. I would say the salad dressing really makes the dish. It's a combination of Italian and Champagne dressing. Really good. Not to strong. Not bitter. Really love the dressing. Really loved the total entree. Excellent \n\nThe place is very open. Very modern. Very welcoming. Loved the ceiling fans. Only issue I could find it that's it's so quiet. People come eat and it's like a library. Only noise is from the kitchen but they are not that loud. Would suggest some type of music to break up the quietness. \n\nSo I really enjoyed this place. Finally found a Mediterranean place that my wife enjoyed. She even talked about trying other menu items too. This is a first. She likes one thing and sticks to it. Not to adventurous. So this says a lot about this place if my wife wants to return. \n\nTell you what. We will be back and can't wait to try other menu items. Really good. Enjoy. We did