Still hunting for the ultimate donut has led me to Pink Box. After consulting with fellow Yelpers, I was intrigued by this place. Apparently, PB has some of the most unique flavors of donuts in Vegas, including the maple bacon. Fortunately, I had the opportunity to check out this place because, on this day, I had a doctor's appointment that was in close proximity to Pink Box.\n\nPink Box is located in NW Vegas on Lake Mead Blvd and Buffalo, in the Summerlin Plaza. Since PB is located in a busy shopping center, parking here can be a little hectic.\n\nInside, there is a small display case where they show their products. It is a small store, but it feels very warm and inviting.\n\nThere are 3 types of donuts to choose here: Classics, Specialties, and Gourmet. Classics are your more traditional flavors, glazed, sprinkled, etc. Specialties are donuts that have a interesting, unique flavors. And Gourmets are donuts that have no rules, anything is \"up for grabs\". I checked out a couple from each category. (I actually chose 4, but the owner was cool enough to throw in some extras ones that I didn't have :)\n\nClassic Vanilla Sugar: My true measuring stick for any donut is either a glazed or sugar raised. The one at PB is good. A little bit on the chewier side IMO, but good nonetheless.\n\nClassic Blueberry Cake: This is where I think PB excels the most. Their cake donuts are Delicious!! Soft, but still had a nice chew, moist interior, and the flavors were well balanced. The blueberry flavor tasted like real ripe blueberries and was present throughout the donut.. Definitely, one of my faves here.\n\nSpecialty Sweet Potato Cake: Once again, this cake donut was another home run. It was more dense due to the sweet potatoes present, but, it was still soft and moist, and the sweet  potato flavor was present, and not overpowering.\n\nGourmet Campfire Smore: I liked the concept. It was a yeasted donut with a chocolate glaze, burnt marshmallows on top, and a cream filling. I thought it tasted good until the filling started overpower my mouth with sugar. I mean, this donut was SWEET!!\n\nGourmet Fat Elvis: It's a well known fact that Elvis loved deep -fried peanut butter and banana sandwiches. PB's version used a bruleed banana on top, and a peanut butter and banana filling. Once again, it tasted good, but the filling was too overwhelmingly sweet, almost as if I stopped chewing midway through and was like, \"This was pretty tough to finish...\"\n\nGourmet Date w\/ a nutty pig: This is probably the closest thing we have in Vegas to the Maple Bacon Donut that other donut shops use in different states. PB's version uses caramelized bacon, maple glaze, figs, bleu cheese, toasted almonds, and a maple filling. Couldn't really taste the bacon or the fig, but I could taste the bleu cheese and almonds, moderately. Again, the filling sort of killed it for me.\n\nOverall, the yeasted donuts are a 3, and the cake donuts are 4.5, and the service was a 5, the owner was very helpful and generous. If they can figure out how to make their fillings less sweet, I think that the yeast donuts can go up to a 4, if not better. I was happy to try this place, but... off to the next one!!!!