I'll come out and say it, the only reason I go to this place is for the beds.  They have a great selection of UWE beds which are by far some of the nicest beds on the market.  Their level of customer service is non-existent and pricing is a little spendy but you can get more bang for your buck if you figure out which bed works best for you.\n\nYou basically have one option, pay $18.88 a month to be a \"member.\"  This gets you unlimited tans in their entry level bed which is your basic 1980's style tanning bed.  If you want to use levels 2-5 beds you have to pay an upgrade fee of $5-20.  Here is where it gets tricky.  If you prepay a set amount ranging from $25-200, you get discounted upgrade fees for each level.  The more you prepay, the cheaper the upgrade fee is.  They have a board that outlines each fee behind the counter so if you have 30 minutes to kill, take a gander at it and try to figure out what you are paying per tan.  Oh and your $18.88 a month is only good at one location, if you want to be able to tan at any Darque location, better up that monthly fee to $22.\n\nI do like the fact that they allow you a pro-rated upgrade fee if you do not go the full max time for each bed.  This is how I save some $$ since I often have a few weeks between sessions and can't go the full time.  The bad news is you have to be a member and have a prepaid balance on your account to get the prorated amount.  The place is always very very clean, they employ a bed cleaner who does a great job!  The AC system keeps it subzero in the building and I have seen them change the bulbs a couple times since I became a member.  They also have a shower in one of their bathrooms incase you are pressed for time but make sure you bring your own towel, they don't provide any.\n\nIf you Mystic tan, this place is a bargain.  I believe the lowest prepaid level of $25 starts Mystic at $15-17 a session which is unheard of here in the valley.\n\nThe reason I gave this place 2 stars is their staff.  They have young girls behind the counter that have no idea what customer service is.  They will have a line of members out the door while they enter in the information of some college kid who just wants their week of free tanning.  They are quick to try to up sell you lotion, a larger package amount or teeth whiteners but slow to get off their personal call while you wait for them to check you in.  If you ask them a question you will get a blank stare and 9 times out of ten their answer will be the priciest thing they have there.  My personal fav?  Their posted close times are 8 or 11 PM but don't tell you that you can't tan if you get there 30 minutes before close so don't bust your butt to get there because you WILL be turned away.