Two words adequately describe this place: Rip-off. Basically it's a fansy fasade for a very petite restaurant with small portioned,  mediocre food at best. \n\nWe made the mistake of trying a new restaurant on Valentine's Day and unfortunately we were left grossly disappointed. I think all of the positive reviews of this place must be from staffers and relatives since I completely disagree. I suppose if we were inebriated enough to not  notice that it took about 45 minutes just to get our main entree which was small and almost room temperature would have had a better review of this place. \n\nFirst of all, I made a reservation a month in advance to make sure we got a table and when we arrived another couple that came in after us were almost seated ahead of us since they appeared to be friends of the owner. The lady that greeted us at the door was cold and rude, not something I would expect for an establishment like this. She said our table wasn't ready yet, but there were three two tops in plain site that were unoccupied at the moment. She asked if we'd like to wait at the bar which had zero available seats which seemed pretty idiotic, so we declined. After we watched her grab a rag, wipe down the table, and set out silverware we were seated at a two top right next to the bar. When I say right next to the bar, I mean there wasn't even a foot of clearance between one of the bar stools and my husband's chair.\n\nThe ambiance was okay, but a little too dark for our liking since we could barely see our food. When I say this place was small, I'm not joking. It's basically the size of a large den with maybe an 8 foot bar in it. Seating was way too tight, even our waitress had a hard time getting to us. \n\nWe asked our waitress to make an Arnold Palmer which took the bar like 20 minutes to make (it's not brain surgery). Appetizers were very good actually - we shared the Burrata, tomato, arugula, flatbread. It started out good and I honestly really wanted to like this place, but then almost 45 minutes went by after we finished our appetizer until our main course arrived. They also served us some bread with olive oil which was good, but again very small portions. The pieces of bread were very tiny.\n\nFor our main course my husband ordered the Ribeye medium rare and I ordered the Lamb Chops medium well. The menu was quite vague (no photos or graphics of any kind) and the vegetables that came with both of our meals were spare and unrecognizable. I did notice that cauliflower came with mine since the waitress mentioned it when she brought our food and unfortunately I don't really care for it, so I just slid those three pieces to the side of my plate. I know lamb chops are sometimes not all that meaty, but I had maybe four bites of meat in my entire meal. The majority of my meal was bone and inedible. My husband enjoyed his steak and it was cooked correctly (not very hot temperature wise though) although that's pretty much all he got. The plates were very sparse on any sort of sides.  Seasoning was almost non-existent and bland. Both dishes were barely above room temperature which lends me to believe that they sat for quite sometime before our waitress picked them up. There were also no candles, condiments, salt or pepper on the tables. Nothing.\n\nWe barely saw our waitress all night (we saw the other waitresses, so I guess we drew the short stick) and would have loved a refill on ours drinks, but she would only bring us water twice. She also switched our water over to tap water at the later part of our meal (I could taste the chlorine).\n\nThe whole meal took about an hour and a half and we didn't even get dessert. We wanted to, but feared it would take another hour to get it. My husband had to ask for the check since we sat for what seemed like forever after we finished our entree and it was getting late. \n\nWe shared an appetizer, both had Arnold Palmers to drink (1 each), and had 2 entrees and it came to almost $90 excluding gratuity. Way over priced for a lousy experience.  Don't waste your time and hard earned money on this place. You can go somewhere else for half the cost and be perfectly satiated.