We brought our kids for some old fashioned skate time.  My boyfriend wont\/can't skate, so it was just me, and our 4 kids paying to skate and the skate rental.  \n\nThey now mandate that you wear super uncomfortable plastic wrist guards, this wasn't a thing when I used to go to skating rinks when I was younger. My littlest needed a trainer and I inquired about one, but they didn't have one.  (Oh, to clarify, they've got about 20 of them, but none of them were available.  And the only way to get one was to lurk at the counter and see if someone turned one in and rent it really quick before someone else did.  Great system.)  \n\nThat was fun trying to help a wiggly 5 year old get around on skates, while I'm also on skates, and wearing an lawsuit-guard, nanny state wrist binder on each hand.  Can't I have just signed a disclaimer...like the good old days?  Ugh.  Oh, and the impossible wrist guards, coupled with my wiggly 5 year old on roller skates and my inability to grasp her and steady myself caused ME to crash hard to the floor.  (Do they make a plastic and Velcro, whole-body hip guard for us old farts who crash to the ground too?)\n\nSo after several minutes of getting used to her roller skates I finally lead my little one out onto the rink (the older 3 kids were gone like shots out of a cannon) and we weren't out there more than a few minutes before we had to come back in because the DJ said they were doing some special event on the rink, and then we went back out.  Oops!  They were now doing *another thing* that required us to come back in...  It happened one more time, then I gave up.\n\nMy boyfriend patiently sat and watched us and then ordered food and drinks. (He's a saint.) The kids eventually got bored and went off to play video games with him and I was asked to wait for our pizza to be called,  I watched, and watched and watched. Nobody called us.  At some point a teenage counter employee took a pizza and placed it into a warming display case, but nobody called our order.  Finally my boyfriend comes back.  \"Where's the food?\"  \"They haven't called us yet.\"  \"WTF??\"  He walks over there to inquire.  \"Oh yeah, we called you but nobody responded.\"  B.S!!  I sat there at a table 15 feet away watching you, waiting eagerly to be called.  *mad face*\n\nAnyway, all that drama aside, we ate, we drank our sodas and then heard the announcement that they were closing early due to some private parties so we had to leave soon.  We'd only been there a couple of hours and had no clue they were closing so early!  So all of the kids quickly queued up at the ticket counter to turn in their tickets earned from the use of overpriced tokens in games, generously bankrolled by dad, and we stood there and stood there....  The teenage guy working the counter was completely overwhelmed and it took him almost 30 minutes to take care of all of the kids that came at him all at once.  \n\nAll of that time wasted waiting for a .3 cent plastic bracelet, an Army man, and a couple of Tootsie Rolls, that probably cost dad $10 in tokens.\n\nWe left shortly afterwards, about $100 poorer, but enriched with the 'priceless memories'...and one nasty hip bruise.   (And a .3 cent bracelet or two.)