I've got some serious attitude about this place. I felt just about indignant when my partner and I left there yesterday: this place is a slap in the face to the neighbourhood and probably the strongest example of a toxic business gentrifying the neighbourhood.\n\nFirst of all, we walked into a nearly empty restaurant on Monday evening and were snobbed for not having a reservation by a guy in nikes and track pants. Seriously, if you're going to be a condescending jerk to us, you might as well look professional. We were told (word for word) 'we have a place for people without reservations' and were escorted out of the restaurant, through what was referred to as the 'sketchy alleyway' (not funny guys, this is my neighbourhood) into what is, admitedly, a cute concrete backyard space. In the backyard there's service at the bar and you can only order salad, pizza, and desert, which was fine with us. In the process of ordering at the bar some dude stole our table who's drunk middle-aged pal later got in our faces for no good reason. None of this is the biggest deal, but given the consistently crappy attitude of the staff it left a feeling that this place is an overall gathering space for awful people.\n\nAs another reviewer mentioned, they were not accomodating to a plant-based diet, whatsoever. I generally don't like to compare with professional experience, but I worked at reputable pizza places for years (one that charges even more for the pizza!) and never was there such an issue made over having the cheese on the side. Additionally the final product without cheese is a disgrace to the establishment; as it's been commented before, it's a hot cracker with tomato paste and (literally) four leaves of basil. \n\nThe second star in this review is attributable to the wine- the orange wine we tasted was divine. I'm a big fan of natural wines and clearly these guys know what they're doing on that front. That being said, each glass of wine was the same price as our mediocre pizza. Ho-hum.\n\nDear Elena, it's thin crust pizza being served in a concrete backyard in 2018. Get over yourselves.